"In these troubled times, of course, a formal omega education with emphasis on proper etiquette is highly sought after," said Francine.  "How old is your daughter?"
"Er-- well.  It's pretty late.  Are we all spending the night?" asked Banksy, who didn't look a bit tired but knew when to throw in the towel.
"What?"
don't care, if you have a double bond.  You're right about me being hypocritical and treating you like a trophy.  I don't want you as a trophy anymore.  I want you as my mate.  My
"So do we just... stay down here?" asked Tiberius, who was watching with concern as a half-conscious Tony tried to wiggle across to Steve. Steve, having taken three whole doses, was essentially gone. His head moved occasionally but he didn't speak, or at least no noise that came out of him was a recognisable word. Feeling pitying, Tiberius went to grab cushions from one of the sofas. He shoved them under Tony and Steve's head. If they noticed, they didn't react.
better.
"Yeah, that Banksy.  Don't you know? He's super involved in Status Alliance," said Angela breezily.
"Anyone can keep the key," disagreed Kitty, looking a bit offended.  Of course she did. Clearly, she liked her collar.
was too geared toward Alphas and
Pepper looked a little alarmed when she saw the blood on the bandage; Steve had looked better the night before.
"I did?  Maxwell's equations, how drunk am I?"  Tony dropped the Rubik's cube and fumbled to pick it up.  He knew he was too drunk to pass a field sobriety test.  He was taking up to five minutes to solve the cube.
voice.
"Well, most people are wrong," said Tony grouchily.  He reached up to rub the back of his neck, staring at the sticky note Steve had left him.  His handwriting was neat, far neater than Tony's.  Old-fashioned.  Tony touched the note, feeling affectionate.  Their first love letter.  Sort of.
room!" protested Tony, not wanting to miss any of the excitement.
Before them was a man and he had an RPG pointed at them.  He laughed as he stepped out from the corner he'd been hiding behind.   Tony's hands were up automatically; he drummed his fingers, charging up the repulsor nodes, ready to fire, if not defensively, then at least in retaliation.
.  We have another two hours before we get to Yemen.  So until then I don't want to hear any debate."
"This is all my fault.  I shouldn't have pushed him away."
Pepper had a weird smile on her face; she looked up when Tony came barreling through.  It took him a moment to realize she was a bit tipsy and also clearly having a great time.
"It's been about a week," said Tony, contemplating that this was perhaps the most historically awful honeymoon of all time.  "JARVIS!  How long does the honeymoon period last?"
Dr. Gleason was nodding.  "All pretty common.  It will be sore for another day or two, and it's normal to experience periodic spasms or cramps," he said, reaching into his briefcase for a small bottle of clear gel.  "...this is going to be a little cold.  I'm going to reach up and check your cervix."
" he asked, putting an arm around Steve's shoulders, keeping his face straight.  He loved how easily Steve blushed when he said things like that.
"Six people?" repeated Tony.  "Great, they can all take turns with him."  He tried to close the door on Pepper's foot.
Steve's eyes narrowed a fraction. "Do you think I could go visit one?"
Tony decided to change the topic as they clambered into the back of the SUV.  "What're you doing while we're away?" He'd managed to convince his detail that he didn't need a bodyguard for their vacation by pointing out they would going to spend a lot of it in the hotel room anyway, which had caused hearty matching eye-rolls from Beth and Pepper.
"Mine," Steve murmured and reached up to touch Tony's face softly before he moved to straddle Tony's lap. He curled his hands over the curves of his shoulders, letting the curve of his ass brush against Tony's arousal.  "...after this I'm gonna wanna sleep," Steve murmured and nudged against the curve of his jaw. "And then when we wake up it will have started. Properly."
“What?  I’m fine.  Peachy.  Just… just had too much sugar.  That’s on you, Stan.  You oughta make them put less fruit in these things,” snapped Tony, wincing as he tasted his smoothie.  God, slugging down this disgusting green crap was going to kill him, if the decaying palladium didn’t.  Tony wondered which would be more painful and found himself chuckling at the morbidity of the thought.  He caught Steve’s eye, and reached out to pat his leg reassuringly.  “Sorry, I was thinking about… well, never mind, you wouldn’t understand.  I’m fine.  Really.  I always am.  I’m, you know, invincible.”  He winked.
Tony drew away to study Steve's face.  His blue eyes were guileless. His hair, normally swept back, had wilting over his forehead from his sweating.  Tony delicately traced the bow of his lips.
Eventually a symbol popped up and Steve stilled.
"Cool.  Great. My name's Tony--"  Shit. Tony immediately wished he'd given a fake name.  Considering they'd literally just aired live, she probably now knew exactly who he was.  "--and, uh, my mate was, uh... y'know. And his doctor gave me your number. Well, actually, he gave me a brochure and then I looked up your number on my phone, but that's not important."
"The Tesseract has great potential that we cannot afford to just ignore, Steve. We were wondering if you would come in, chat with some of the scientists, off the record. To help them figure out what they're seeing."
"They'll try and get the interview done in two hours. But you know how it is," Aria glanced over at the living room. "They should be set up soon..."
"Can I go see Steve now?" asked Tony in a small voice, looking up suddenly.
."  Tony reached up to scratch his left arm idly, rubbing the shoulder with the palm of his hand.  "It's a hop, skip, and a jump to the car.  I'll be sitting in the car, sitting in the plane, sitting around the house... I think I can walk, like, ten meters from the lobby to the car.  Seriously.  You're worrying too much."
Tony didn't speak the rest of the ride; he sat with his eyes closed, looking surprisingly serene.  By the time they were pulling into the base, Tony looked as calm and cool and collected as Steve had ever seen him.  He reached out and put his hand over Steve's on the lever as they parked.
Natasha muttered something foul under her breath and waved the the bartender over, ordering a Long Island iced tea. "You want a drink Steve?"
Steve laughed incredulously.  "What?"
Pepper crouched by Steve and took his hand.  His skin was hot and wet; she began gently wrapping it.  Steve was mostly limp, letting her move him. He looked miserable and frustrated, like a child who thinks he's being unfairly accused but lacks the words to explain.
He went to Fox next.
Surely Gideon had to get fired for what had happened? That was an ultimate abuse of power. Steve trembled under Tony, clinging to him like a life line. Then he finally listened to what Donner was saying....
"What happens with the auction?"
"Well I am," Steve said with a triumphant grin and a nip to Tony's jaw. "And six isn't even that early..." he protested and proceeded to kiss down into the dip of Tony's neck. He let his tongue dart out to taste. He hummed happily.
"People have been trying to kill me since the fifties.  We've got to protect Rogers.
Steve finally put himself to bed, curled towards Tony under the sheets but not actually touching him. He didn't want to wake him up.
"...you never asked how mine was," said Natasha.  Her voice was cool, measured, but Steve knew her well enough to know she was joking.
"Okay but... just between you and me...?"
"It's my fault," said Tony.  "Steve was... was upset, and I got sidetracked and I was upset about Pepper dating Happy.  That's why he left."
Tony pushed his head forward.  There was a fresh pink scar there.
"Well, come on through," Lydia walked on and gestured for them to follow. The room was set up with four cabinets set into the floor, each containing four collars. There was seats all around and a huge dressing table-like piece of furniture that looked vintage, and expensive, that had a three way mirror for a person to inspect the goods in. She turned to face them. "Does anything catch your eye initially?"
"Hey!  I know that place; that's that omega school that the auction was supposed to benefit," said Tony, touching the pin.
"De nada.  I don't have a visual on Clint.  Primary objective isn't visible.  I'm going to go around the front.  ...that okay with you, Cap?"
fault that--
"Best birthday present ever," Steve whispered, more than little stunned himself. "Do you... do you maybe want to sit down, Donner?"
"Do you have your phone?  Is it charged? I can always come get you if I have to," said Tony.
Steve took the itinerary and flicked through it. "He sent us the tickets. I think he kind of asked for it," he said, moving to place the itinerary on the desk. The view out of the windows was stunning. Steve didn't want to think about how much the hotel must cost them a night.
Still, it didn't seem fair.  It's not like Tony had any Alphas he could--
He was grateful to Aria for taking Steve off his hands.  Steve was attractive, his smell tantalizing. His blue eyes were incredible expressive.  Tony didn't need that kind of distraction. With Steve out of the picture, he could work away to his heart's (arc's) content.
Everyone in the room made sympathetic noises of protest.
He finished fiddling with Steve's hair before getting up and going to root around in his luggage.  He approached Steve slowly, handing him a thin black box with a silver ribbon. He watched with an anxious sort of intensity as Steve untied the ribbon.
The omega smiled.  "I like you," he said approvingly, rising.  "...once we kill Stark, you can have your omega back."
Steve ducked away from the first swipe then on the second he simply reached out and caught the stun baton itself. The agent looked a little phased, not quite knowing how to react. "Tingles a little. Kinda like it," Steve murmured and then tugged him closer, slamming the butt of the gun into his temple. The man reeled and let go of the baton, which Steve then tossed across the floor.  Agent Thirteen and Fury had ducked behind a counter. Bullets were flying, but not in Steve's direction. Interesting.  Was that because Steve was not considered a threat?  Or because they wanted to take him alive?  Or because he wasn't the primary target at all, and it was Fury they were after, and Steve was just in the wrong place at the wrong time?
Steve swam to the edge of the pool wide and rested his arms on the edge, treading the water lightly. He could hear Pepper's voice from inside the house. Surely she would at least agree with him about all this? ...No, ganging up on Tony with other people wouldn't be fair and it wouldn't get them anywhere.
"Yeah.  Great," lied Tony, sipping his kombucha.  He watched in fascination as Steve set a weight down like it was nothing more than a loaf of bread.  It was a weight for bench pressing, not curls, but that's what Steve had been using it for.
Phil barked out a laugh.  "In your dreams, Stark."
won't let me get sterilised because the government likes the idea of super soldier babies," spat Steve. Nick said nothing. Steve pointed a finger at him. "We both know it's true. Otherwise they wouldn't give a shit. Look, if him being in a freezer doesn't work, then nothing will. I don't have a plan, per se. My plan is just to get the hell on with it. My main concern is me being half blind for another five days again. I'll be vulnerable. And people keep attacking us."
But now Nat had left, and such answers with her.
"You should go on SNL... hey!  This year, Fourth of July's on a Sunday.  Go on SNL the night before your birthday, it can be a big show, it'll be fun, but also serious... lots of celebrities go on there, politicians too, so it won't be too serious.  And maybe you could get Swift to be the musical guest.  Oh my God, it'll look great, you and her, two blonde kick-ass omegas just jamming out with the band, you know, you can do a couple of skits but also give a little speech, or whatever... oh, and you can announce the charity then, yeah!  It's live so no one will be able to stop you!  JARVIS, tell Don Roy King Steve wants to do SNL!  Get Hammond on the phone!  And contact Swift, too!"
And then an alarm bell went off in his head as she ran a hand down his arm and Steve was coherent enough to realize what was happening..
Tony growled warningly.
Then, suddenly, large, sick blotches began blooming on the image, plague tokens, spreading rapidly.  Tony let out a yell and leaped to his feet; the ancient reel had gone up in flames.
But instinct was telling him that Steve was
"React
Tony smirked and grabbed Steve's hand.
"Yeah.  Just thinking about them using that.  It's a dirty trick."
Tony felt the tension slowly ebbing.  "Omega," he repeated, quietly, letting Steve rock him.  Moments like these were, thankfully, private. Tony would have been deeply embarrassed if anyone knew, even Pepper.  But when it was just him and Steve, it was perfect. That was, in a way, what bonding was all about. Safe, controlled vulnerability.
"Yes, all of that," Steve hummed.  He breathed softly and shifted a little and suddenly became hyperly aware of Tony's body slotted over his own. The rise and fall of his chest with his breath. How hot and skilled his fingertips felt. Suddenly this all felt so much more intimate. He felt hotter too and tried to focus on his breathing and keep calm.  "And it changes their smell.  Omegas...you can sense our emotions more easily. If we're distressed, you can smell it, especially when you're close to us," Steve said slowly, carefully. "And when we're aroused you can smell it too. And when they're aroused they..." His cheeks turned a little pink. "They get wet. Down there. Sort of like women do.  Suppressants make that not happen."
The subject of the tesseract hadn't come up lately, for which he was thankful.  But Clint was still absent, conspicuously so. He texted Steve once in a while, but that was it.  No one had seen him since June. Tony thought Natasha must be going crazy, but she seemed perfectly content.  As if Clint weren't in danger. Then again, maybe he wasn't. Maybe guarding the tesseract was the safest assignment in the world, and Natasha's ease came from knowing that Clint wasn't running around shoot arrows at men with guns.
"Yeah.  I saw," she said, nose wrinkling.  "Where are you off to?"
"They also say whether they're virgins or not," Abby added.
.  You know how close you came?  Huh? Your fist was about two inches from my head, Steve.  And don't try to say,
Everyone exchanged a helpless look.  "I'm Satin," she offered weakly. "There-- there's no Trickshot."
For months Karpov had been talking about disappearing but it had always be a foregone conclusion to Bucky that he would be coming along.  He realized now that that was never the plan. He had a vague memory of a conversation in Cuba...
Were they running away?
Then Steve was slammed into a wall and his head swam and he dropped down to the floor as he was let go.
Banksy looked affronted. "
Steve did manage to fall asleep. He didn't dream at all, thankfully. There was a strange ache in his chest when he woke and he felt a little sick. He reached over to the bedside blindly and grabbed the glass of water there, downing it in one. There was sandwiches left on the side in the corner and Tony was asleep on the chair.
At some point Phil had slipped away. Neither of them had noticed.
He guided Steve's fingertips over the arc reactor slowly, tracing it.  "Steve, you're a total badass. You're a soldier. You're giving an interview and it's going to help probably ten thousand omegas.  You're alive and warm and you're with your friends, and you're about to have a
Tony hovered over the chopper for a while as it landed in a clearing.  He saw Steve look up at him and he paused for a moment before dropping down.  He let gravity take him, then hit the jets at the last moment, landing with surprising delicacy behind Natasha.  He snapped off his face plate; Steve was pointing to a map on the tablet she was holding.
Steve was grinning shyly with Swift on stage, swaying with her, hip-to-hip, leaning into the microphone.  He wasn't going to be arrogant and be like
"I know what song Steve should do.  ...
"But, other than...
"Dazzle?  Storm?  Ashtray?"
. He reached out to run a hand through Tony's hair. "Can we help you, sir? Is there a specific reason why you called?" he asked, trying not to sound rude.
"TEN... NINE..."
"Nine," said Tony, almost proudly.
him, but not who he really was or that he'd been in Yemen). Steve had always had a sneaking suspicion that Peggy was always kept in the loop, that nothing would really surprise her ever. When he'd first woken up SHIELD had given him her details within days of his rehabilitation. But he guessed he'd been wrong. Peggy had known Steve had been mated before (she'd seen his neck before the serum) but she had been the first to tell Steve that the bonding mark was actually gone. He'd never explicitly told her that his mate was Bucky but when he'd returned to camp when the man in his arms he hadn't exactly had to. Once Steve had rescued Bucky Peggy must have been aware that a relationship did not strike up between them.  That their bond was broken and had remained broken.
The man in the suit smiled tightly. Steve felt a sudden urge to punch his teeth in.
!" cried Tony and Happy at the same time.
Steve knew Tony was trying and he felt bad for being so unresponsive. Maybe he should shower, clear his head. And if Tony was asleep he could back down to the gym again. Or he could look for B- what the hell was he thinking? He couldn't abandon Tony when he was at his most vulnerable to go after another super-soldier who didn't even remember who he was.
"I'm fine," the omega assured him. Tony pressing at the gland on his neck before meant he was already wet and practically ready. Steve wouldn't need much preparation like this.  "Don't treat me like I'm delicate," Steve whispered. "I'm not in the mood for it."
"It is.  Inducers were banned by the Geneva Convention and they're illegal.  You want to see chaos? Throw a half-dozen omegas in heat onto a battlefield and watch a couple hundred Alphas go feral.  It's not pretty. Come on, let's move," said Natasha grimly.
Steve had one hand free; the other was pinned under his own body.  The suit's hands were around his neck. He hadn't thought about it. Not really. He'd just
"Don't," said Pepper.  "Tony. I need you to focus.  Steve's obvious in pre-heat--"
Gene had insisted on meeting him before he saw Donner, saying that Donner was a good friend and he would be remiss if he didn't check Donner's suitors personally.  "Some omegas need protected more than others," said Gene philosophically, stirring his coffee. "You know, different strokes for different folks. Myself, I'm an old-fashioned type, and so's Donner.  He's a gentle omega and he relies on his Alpha friends to make sure he's safe."
He almost managed not to sound impatient.  No time to go up to the lounge. His fear had made him restless.  Besides, Pepper and Sitwell had gone in the direction of the stairs.  No guarantee of privacy, which was apparently important to Steve. (Tony had already been seen naked by Pepper dozens of times.  He had zero shame at this point; frankly he would love to show off that he was fucking Captain America.)
"What do you have there?" she asked.
Steve could smell Gideon's arousal and he was pretty sure he wanted to be sick.
Steve looked over at Tony, then at Eric. He managed to meet the Alpha's eyes directly. "So there's an auction charity?  What do they actually auction off?" he asked.
"Sounds serious," Phil commented but his tone was mostly teasing.
you, Alpha,
"But we're friends?" asked Tony, lifting his head up and looking at Ty.  "You're not mad at me anymore for what happened?"
"It's not actually possible to increase the chance of having an Alpha, right?" Steve said and Piper gave him a look, like he'd just asked if doors were designed to open. "It's all just chance, isn't it? Like if you have a girl or boy..."
"No kidding!" said Ian.  "Small world, huh? Well, c'mon, guys, let's go, I'm dying of hunger."
When they actually stepped inside it intimidating as hell. Steve barely recognised anyone. He spotted Pepper and Aria in matching dresses, the former blue and the latter turquoise. He thought it was cute. He was glad that Aria had Pepper as a sort-of role model.
Steve smiled and looked up when Tony ran his fingers through his hair. He loved the feeling of it and he'd missed it over the past two months. The touch always made a pleasant shiver run up his spine. "Maybe we could just...stay in bed, watch something? I don't know. I kind of just wanna be distracted, you know?"
Steve sighed quietly when he saw Tony's expression through the misty glass of the shower. "I forgive you," he told him and he was surprised to hear that he really meant it. Steve swallowed and went back to washing the eyes out of his hair, blinking when a bit of shampoo threatened to get in his eye.
"They hold hands all the time," said Phil reasonably.  "His neuroses aren't really well-defined. Steve couldn't have known.  Excuse me." He ducked back into the recesses of his den and a moment later Steve heard a groan of pain, another heat spasm.
Talking to Justin made him feel emotional, too, but in much more obvious way.  It made him feel protective.  He wanted to protect Steve.  Tony had a brief mental image of himself, standing over a kneeling Steve, teeth bared at Justin.
"There has to be something..."
"Do you remember how you tried to kiss me, and I explain that I love you and Steve very much, but--"
Bucky. It wouldn't be the first time.  Was it supposed to be comforting, or a warning?  Unclear.  Often he'd had the sense of Bucky coming, or his arrival, usually when Steve was getting creamed in a back-alley brawl and Bucky appeared to save him.
Across the room, the man with the bloody nose had been shooed into the roped-off section for omegas and was letting several other omegas try to clean him up.  Donner saw an opportunity and took it. "I better go-- go check on Waffles," he said, trying to edge around Steve without touching him.
"If a bond is not... consummated, as such." Gleason said, clearing his throat a little awkwardly. "The body will often try to reject it, especially if another bond is already present."
Tony liked Kerry.  "Yeah... nice to meet you too..."  He still wasn't entirely sure what was going on here.  "...this is a nice set-up," he said, not wanting to discourage Steve.  He looked at the map on the wall and for a split-second wondered if Steve was looking for Bucky.  But, no, Bucky was gone, in cyro. So what were all these pins? Most were clustered on the east coast and the south-east.
"Gonna be late," said Steve dully.
"We have like two hours until we have to leave," Steve said. "What are we gonna do? I'm kind of hyper.  I can't run.  I already showered."
Tony tried to heave Steve to his feet.  "C'mon, Rogers, up n' at 'em... no moping... you gotta be strong for Donner... getting him out was just the first step."
"Leonard Rothstein.  20.  Of Los Angeles, California."
He turned to face Bucky, to look into his eyes.
"Oh no, less work.  Say it ain't so," said Tony sarcastically.
"...what?"
Then he smelt it. Bacon and syrup. Steve's stomach growled in hunger and he smiled, standing up with a yawn to grab his dressing gown. Was Tony making him breakfast?
"Yeah, we can order a pizza.  I'm Tony goddamn Stark. I can pay someone to brave the mob for us.  And, for the record, you probably do
"The situation is very complicated Buck," Steve breathed. "...I don't think you understand.  We're on the run, which is why we can't mate, and even if we
Another step forward.
been allowed access to in SHIELD. "How do you even..." He shook his head and paused in thought for a very brief moment. "Yeah. I wanna know what's happening in New Mexico."
"You know, if it's really uncomfortable, you could take if off for a little--" he began
Tony wasn't angry.  He was too tired for that.  But he had to know. Over the last few years of his life he had learned a lot of unpleasant truths about his family, his company, and himself.  And as ugly as all of them were, Tony wanted to know and to fix things. He was, at heart, a mechanic, and fixing things was what he did.
about it. He didn't even seem to care. It made Steve feel sick to his stomach.
"Oh, how comforting," snapped Aria, arms crossed.
"...I've been forging your signature for years," admitted Pepper.  "Sometimes it's just easier than getting you to cooperate."
"Hi Nate.  So, you're coming upstairs with us."
"Not with my employer, no," Steve said carefully. "The United States goverment's always been real good to me and it's only gotten better since the forties. One of the first people I met when I woke up was an omega with a high up position, and another helped train me. They don't see status. They just see people."
"Yeah, you do," Natasha said. "You really do Steve. What did you do before the war?"
he thought) and knocked over (
Bucky was blank. Like there wasn't a real person there. Like Steve could only see flickers. But every time he saw a flicker his heart seized in his chest. It was hope. Hope that Bucky would remember, hope that Bucky would get him out of here.
Trickshot glared at him, still holding a glass, clearly ready to pitch it at him.
Tony put a gently hand on Steve's shoulder.  "Come on, DeSoto. Let's go downstairs to mingle.  I'll pick you up at the end of the day and you can sleep on the couch, okay?  Just think of this as a mini-vacation."
When he got to the lobby, Tony lost his followers; the police took over, and the omegas drifted away from him.  He sighed heavily and turned to talk to Steve only to discover he was missing.
would love for all their bondmates to be hanging out with good old out-of-control Cap." He was clearly tickled at the idea. Steve hadn't been looking to throw himself out there so soon but Malick had sent them those tickets himself. He'd made it
"That was my intention," Steve said as they stepped into the elevator. There was no point in lying, after all. Mike laughed but the sound was empty.
Steve's war Alpha had not been able to rebond him.  Their mark spoke of Bucky's claim in clear, unambiguous way.
There was no time for him to figure out who she was.  Steve picked up the gun in an instant, flicking off the safety like it was second nature. But a gun didn't do him much good when a man barged through one of the windows seconds later; he was in heavier armor than the rest, all black, glass shattering and sprinkling across the floor as he entered the fray. He was barking commands but his  voice was too muffled for Steve to make out distinctive words. The man held an electric baton, probably designed to stun.
Tony shrugged, unzipped the onesie, and pulled it off.  Underneath, he was only wearing a pair of boxers.  The crowd turned and stared. Tony caught a waiter's arm and handed him the squirrel costume.  "Hey, can you take this to coat check for me?"
Tony rose, nearly falling over because of his injured leg, and limped over to the vase to move it.  He didn't want to have to look at them.  He would get rid of them as soon as possible.
Malick and Tony exchanged a look.  They were finally united by their complete and total discomfort in the presence of this very loud, dominant, and opinionated man.
Steve tensed when Tony walked into the room, partly because he could feel his mate's very own tension. He kept his head down, his eyes fixed on the tabletop in front of him. That was a lot of people from SHIELD. He didn't want them to see him like this, so...submissive. People like Nick wouldn't be used to it.
Steve's breath hitched as Tony's hand crept under his shirt. Fuck. "Tony, I want you. It's been too long, Tony-- I want you inside of me," he murmured, breath hot in his ear and hands squeezing at his shoulders as Tony's hands snuck under his shirt. His whole body was thrumming with excitement, with alcohol. Admittedly, Steve was surprised by how horny just being drunk was making him but he was in no real place to question it.
But Justin wouldn't let him go. Wouldn't let go of his hand. "I was wondering if I could steal a moment of your time. I wanted a meeting with Tony, you see, and he's ignoring my emails...." Steve laughed awkwardly.
The realisation of what the kid actually
"...we missed Valentine's Day," Tony added, nodding toward a vase of roses next to the bed.  "I'm... I'm not great at that romance stuff... anyway..." He trailed off, then looked down at his hands.
The questions started out easy. What Steve was up to, how he found the food, the culture, the clothes. Marcus complemented Steve's style again. But then they got a little heavier.
"Well, I act like I do, and that's almost as good," said Tony back, kissing Steve's temple.
"I'm not throwing out a five-hundred-year-old Ming dynasty vase.  Pepper would annihilate me."
"Tony, my body can't take this. The stress-"
This would have been a perfect opportunity for Tony to use the Mark VII, if he could get the damn thing to work.  Yet again, Tony was left suitless. If only he had that magical, self-assembling, non-gantry armor... if only he could get it on, he could dispose of Bucky once and for all...
Tony beamed at Steve's joke.  It wasn't exactly a joke, per se, but Tony was high and everything seemed funny and bright and colorful and he was just glad he and Steve were together again.
Steve frowned a little. "How?"
Sure, severing Johann Schmidt's spine had felt
"I'll do it. It's fine. I get why they want me to sing. If I can take down a extremist Nazi regime in the forties then I can sing on a goddamn stage, and if I make a fool out of myself, I'll handle it.  It's for a good cause, right? Although, I do refuse to sing
The woman at the desk sighed. "It's regulation. I can't do anything about it."
"The one and only," Steve assured him with gritted teeth as he lowered Nate down onto a stretcher. Ryan smelt different too. They must have done the same thing to him. Fuck.
"Okay.  Steve. Listen," said Pepper, turning in her seat.  "There shouldn't be any reporters here, but remember, you still need to watch yourself.  Every celebrity here has a Twitter and an Instagram and Snapchat and so forth, so act like everyone you talk to is a reporter and make sure you're tactful.  Also, don't let Tony drink anymore. If you can help it, anyway."
"It's wasn't
volunteer?" she asked pointedly.
"I've heard that eating ice is an indication of iron deficiency."
Sitwell frowned. "That's what it is, right?"
"T-Tony. Tony give it her," Steve wheezed out, half conscious as his body fought against the inducer again. He cried out and pressed his forehead against the cold floor, screwing his eyes shut. He trembled in pain and need. Tony wasn't listening to him, his gaze fixed on Natasha. He was ready to kill her; Steve could feel it. One of his hands was free so he reached down and grabbed his shield. With some effort he wrenched it out of its place and chucked it onto the floor. He didn't manage to throw it far.
"We take as few people out as we can. Keep it subtle. Once we get inside and somewhere away from the main loading dock, then Sam and Tony drop down."
"If you t-think that you could kill him and h-hope to even survive a
"It's a... like a Mexican burrito thing wrapped in a corn husk.  I'll fly one in for you.  ...Brooklyn didn't have a lot of tamales in the '30s, huh?"
"Right," one scientist sighed. "I guess it's plan B. And his programming's already fucked anyway. A feral rut can't make it any worse than this."
"When'm I supposed to meet him again?"
about?" demanded Tony, turning to Jarvis with an eyebrow cocked.
Pietro ran a hand through his silver-blond hair.  "...look, I saw them, I don't... I don't think it was
It occurred to Tony, suddenly, that the reason Pierce and Malick had seemed so edgy and kept leaving to take phone calls was because SHIELD probably already knew perfectly well what had happened.  That, even as they were driving toward the airport, President Ellis was probably being briefed on what had happened.  That it was going to be all over the news and people would be asking questions.
"Steve!"  His voice was hoarse from saying it.  The word had become a mantra, a prayer.  "Steve!" The word was swallowed up in the small space, the opposite of an echo.  "Steve!"
sorry." He sounded so sincere it was gut wrenching. Aria looked about ready to cry. She knew Steve could get bad, but she'd never actually seen him in this sort of state before.
Also, should Tony really be drinking so much while people were photographing them?  He kept hearing shutter clicks in other parts of the restaurant.
It was nice, seeing everyone together like this. The minute after midnight celebrations Steve was getting outside and getting himself to the beach. He deserved to go outside, even if it was a little antisocial. Steve had been cooped up for far too long and he was desperate to just see the outdoors and breathe some fresh air.
Fury was lying in the hospital bed.  In a blue hospital gown instead of his usual long, black coat, he looked... different.  Yet still quite imposing.  He had refused to take off his eye patch.
Steve blinked. "I... I did?"
"So," Howard bent down, toward Steve, ignoring Jarvis's strange outburst completely. "Where did you come from, 'Nick?'"
Steve was tired and he wasn't honestly in the mood to do the whole birthday thing. But his friends were here and he wanted to at least try. He smiled wearily and let Banksy come up to hug him. He caught Donner's gaze a little awkwardly and offered him a small nod. "I should just go get changed real quick. I'm covered in dust and I'm sweaty."
"I mean," Steve shrugged. "They can manage it in the forties. They can manage it now."
"He's tall. Thin. Got black hair."
Steve frowned. "Tony's fighting a dog?" He didn't know Banksy had a dog.
Jameson," Steve murmured, his tone lighter. He reached up to run a hand through Tony's hair, watching the way the sun picked up on the hazelnut tones.  One or two greys at the temples peeked out.  "I think Natasha knows every possible way to take someone down," Steve hummed.  "It's hard to not find it a little funny, though.  Such a small woman being so goddamn loud.  Frond's got some mouth on her, huh?"
"...hope you like lawsuits, Stark.  I'm going to sue your fucking collar off."
"No."
Recorders and microphones and cameras were shoved into their faces.
"Steve."  Tony took a deep breath, then let it out, slowly.  He looked up at the ceiling tiles, his eyes losing focus after a moment; Tony's "I'm doing math in my head" expression.
"I hate to admit this, Steve, but... money can't solve everything.  You'd better hope those omegas walk out of there.  Or else we might not be able to help them."
About twenty minutes later he headed into their room tentatively. He spotted Tony shaving in the bathroom and went to search through the walk-in wardrobe, wanting to change out of his hospital-worn clothes. Steve ran his hand over his face and pulled out gym shorts and a jumper, comfy clothes.
Tony's eyes narrowed at the look of concern Steve shot his way.  He could feel his heart pounding uncomfortably in his chest.  He didn't like how intuitive Steve was, didn't like how the other man was reading him like a book.
Tony scrambled to his feet, ignoring Steve's hand, heart throbbing his his chest, staring murderously at Justin; Justin was staring murderously back, still lying where Steve had thrown him, but they were separated now.
"Nat? Hey, how's it going?"
Tony turned at the familiar voice; there was Brent Walker.  Tony felt slightly relieved to see another male Alpha.
Fred sidled up with a fancy-looking, brightly colored drink in his hand.  "Oo, are you guys talking about their little card game? Last year, mine won a night with Shimmer.  It was so much fun. He passed out after like three hours and we spent the rest of the night watching old re-runs of
Following his speech to Steve, Steve was stunned into silence.  He didn’t know what to say.  Tony had him pegged so wrong.  Natasha had warned him of this; he was too uptight, especially for the 21st century, and it gave off the wrong impression sometimes.  And soap boxes?  What the hell was Tony talking about?  Steve was so confused.  Chlorophyll?  Did people drink plants now?!  What?  “...got it,” he replied quietly.  He’d figure it out later.
Funny, how they all said status wasn't important, but how things like that could still affect him so intensely.  It took an enormous amount of willpower not to crawl on top of Steve and bare his teeth at her while her gloved hands ran up Steve's legs.
Tony decided to try to slide the conversation in another direction.  "Are there any
He gave Steve's ass a slap for good measure.
"Perhaps he was not paid, sir."
For those of you who have only seen the movies and not read the comics: Pepper and Happy are totes an item.  :)
"Um. Steve.  Your birthday is July 4th," said Tony.  Someone chuckled. Tony ignored them; no one seemed to see the problem.  "Steve, July fourth is..." He did the math in his head. "...a hundred and seventy-two days from when your last heat started."  Still, blank look.
"In my lifetime I have slept with an estimated seventeen hundred women."
"We need to find someone," Steve said and the look on his face evidently told George a lot. The omega still looked annoyed but he calmed down considerably, taking in just how serious Steve was.
The Winter Soldier had nothing on Tony; no matter how good of an assassin he was, the suit could take him.  As far as Tony was concerned, Steve was safe from that, so he was having a hard time understanding the smell of anxiety rolling off of Steve.
"Wait, so do you have pockets in your boxers, or what?" demanded Eric, turning.
, Tony managed to think.
They needn't have worried.  Bucky had resolutely insisted on staying with them.  Steve's orders had been clear: he was to go with the twins and stay away from HYDRA.
"Sirs.  Mr. Hogan is downstairs and would like to remind you that you are scheduled to depart in five minutes."
"I need to call the World Security Council right now.  No one should have known him and I were--"
He knew he couldn't go with Steve on a jog outside.  He wouldn't be able to keep up.  He wondered if Steve was just going to be going around the estate-- Tony's Malibu mansion sat on almost three acres-- or whether Steve was going to leave the grounds and jog along the coast.  He gave Steve's fingers a quick squeeze back and followed Steve's gaze out the floor-to-ceiling windows.
Banksy, of Banksy and Boswell?" he asked, eyes popping.
Wanda's hands had dropped into her lap and she was pale and trembling.
Although, okay, Bucky did totally spoil him a little bit. No arguments there, but that was only because he felt guilty for bringing girls home.
His phone buzzed with a text from Aria.
to get donuts at Winchell's the next morning... he doesn't care after he fucks you.  His assistant escorted us out and everything.  It was so embarrassing."  A few tears slid down her cheeks.  "I'm sorry, I'm drunk... I'm drunk and emotional... I just... I wish he'd fight over
Steve smiled a little. "I don't think I've ever seen you two look so relaxed in my life."
"I had no idea you were so involved in omega rights, Phil," said Pepper.
DeSoto's eyes traveled back and forth, interested in the way they talked casually to each other.
, right, Steve?"  He rolled his eyes.
"It's 2010.  That war's over."
The concierge could clearly sense something was wrong and backed away immediately with a bunch of apologies, saying he'd try to take a message, though the caller was very insistent.  Sure enough, the phone was ringing when they got into the room. Tony was unclear who the hell would call them in the hotel; if it was this urgent, it was probably Aria or the president, but they had Steve's personal cell number.  Did Steve forget to charge his phone again? If it was dead, why wouldn't they just call Tony's cell? They knew the two were together...
"Welp, me and Tony aren't really moving from this position for about an hour. I believe the US has this great thing called the
He caught a random stream of trains, going between multiple tube stations, his hood up the whole time, before he finally stepped off and used his burner phone to find a hotel nearby. He paid with cash, not card, and headed upstairs for the night.
Someone made a frustrated noise, and suddenly a boot was kicking him in the ribs with frustration.
"Steve--"
"...you know, you really ought to control him better," said Eric to Tony.  Even without their bond, Tony would have been able to tell at a glance that Steve was ready to lose it.
"We figured Aria would delegate out the tasks to us, and we'd be able to get the whole thing off the ground for you, while you're being harassed by the government," said Jeff.  "Oh, and Brent's got a legal team all set up for you and Tony."
"Do it!" challenged Tiberius, clinging even harder to Pietro.  "Do it; I have nothing to lose; are you willing to put his life on the line?  Huh? Are you?"
The sunlight shimmered on the surface as ripples were created by his movement. The brilliant blue of the pool tiles just made him look more golden and the sun almost made him glow. He was certainly magnificent, but he was more than just what the serum had made him.
"My behavior has nothing to do with that," he assured him, watching the doctors disappear out the door. "And it doesn't suck, I guess. I mean. I need it, don't I?" Steve tried to keep his voice neutral, shoving his hands into his hoodie. Steve leaned against the counter. Tony still stank of sex.
According to history (or at least, according to history before Steve had been found and thawed), Captain America, aka Steve Rogers, was a real person, an Alpha who had been denied admission to the army due to medical problems, and following his use of the serum, had been sent overseas to lead an elite team of total badasses to liberate POW camps.  The "Captain America" who performed the USO shows was merely a body double and of course an omega, because who didn't like seeing a pretty little omega prancing around? Historians had disagreed about how many Captains there were and about whether or not the "real" Steve had ever performed in any shows.
But did Steve like the way Tony was around beautiful women? Not really, no. But he also trusted him. He guessed it more bothered him because...Steve was pretty sure if he went around flirting with super hot Alphas then Tony wouldn't be happy. (Steve never would, not his style.) He just didn't want there to be any double standards. Maybe he'd have to do it to make a point. Urgh. Ew. No. Steve knew he didn't want to...maybe he'd talk to Clint about it.
Pepper dug her nails into Tony's arm and forcibly dragged him away from the bar.  "Tony, there's a lot of media here tonight, can you please try to behave? And I mean really behave, not just your version of it.  Go cut in."
"...I should've been here to begin with," said Tony quietly.  "...both of us have been so caught up with the whole omega rights things but it sort of occurred to me that... it sucks for Alphas, too.  To have this burden to be all macho all the time, to be assertive and dominant and in charge. That we sort of... set up expectations for both statuses.  We expect omegas to be obedient and subservient but we also expect Alphas to be these aggressive leadership types, and then we judge people's worth based on how well they conform to that, even though half of the expectations that we set up aren't ones that we have any control over in the first place.  It's fucked up, you know?" He lapsed into silence, then remember what Gleason said. "...Steve, whatever happens, it's not your fault, okay? That he bit you. And even if it... heals... y'know, not with mine... I'm not going anywhere again. To hell with what the media thinks. I'm Iron Man and if that's not enough, they can go fuck themselves."
"He never hit me," Steve said, avoiding the question somewhat. Steve was too small to be hit and he bruised easy. Every alley fight he had turned him black and blue. "If...if he was annoyed at me sometimes he'd go out even if he wasn't planning to. He'd bring a girl home. It was like teaching me a lesson, I guess. I don't know. It didn't work, just made me feel shittier.  ...as your mate I'm supposed to make you feel like a stronger Alpha, not a weaker one," Steve sighed. His gaze flitted to the TV screen.
Tony was still planning on having the damn New Year's party, though.  Just because they weren't allowed off the premises didn't mean Tony couldn't invite people onto the premises.
"Two hundred and ninety-nine," announced JARVIS.  "Excuse me-- three hundred and four."
"What about Ashtray and Trickshot?" asked Banksy again.
Pepper got a wicked smile.  "It's something
shop because he felt like he might have to throw up again.  He needed air. He slipped outside to the nearest balcony, which was, blissfully, empty.  It was a nice day but the crowd was inside, milling around the omegas. From this particular balcony, Tony couldn't see any picketers.  Thank Turing for that.
He pulled out the magazine picture from his pocket, feeling disappointed that it would probably get taken away now.  "I've seen him."
Tony opened an eye to find Steve sitting on the bed drawing him.  Tony knew Steve drew his portrait a lot, most often when he wasn't paying attention, but still found it occasionally disconcerting.  "Hey," he mumbled.
"...probably both, I guess.  Omegas can be lawyers now," Tony reassured Steve.
"I'm sure Stan can accommodate me," said Justin, giving Steve a predatory smile.
"...they don't normally last that long.  If they're being used for
to you?" he echoed hollowly, his blue gaze tentatively flicking up. Steve didn't understand. He was from the forties and when he met Alphas he didn't start sizing them up. It just...it wasn't how it was done. "Okay. Yes. I have jealously issues, but there's no prizes for guessing why, is there?" Steve seemed to be going in the opposite direction to Tony. The louder the Alpha got, the quieter he did, as if it somehow compensated for it.
Steve's mouth went dry and he suddenly felt very, very awkward. "Ma'am, I--"
"Good.  Great, actually.  And Pep-- I mean, Virginia isn't Tony's PA anymore."
"He was taken to the Naval base in Ventura."
"It's possible," conceded JARVIS.
"...that... that was
He watched the dip and rise of Tony's shoulder as he rummaged in the suitcase and produced the sleek black box.
She moved back and gestured for Steve.
"Girl's a beta," said Hill.
Brennan sighed.
Tony turned back to Steve, smiling, but it no longer reached his eyes.  "The fan club is relentless," he reported, reaching for the glass of wine.  He took a long draw on it without any pretense; he was drinking for the alcohol, not the taste.  He didn't think he needed to point out to Steve that this was exactly why he needed to drink.  He hadn't had a meal in peace in years.
"Yup," she said, gaze fixed ahead as she flew them eastward.
didn't really want to go to war. They didn't want to die. What I'm saying is... I think we should talk more and fire guns less, because... um... killing people is horrible. And I never want to wish that anyone. You know?" Steve was kind of rambling. "Sure, the army is necessary. You make awesome friends. Doesn't make it a good thing.  I mean the killing.  Not the army.  I love the army.  I love America."
They clamored out of the car and Steve saw Tony do what Tony did.  His mask came down and he oozed charisma as he shook hands and greeted a team of army grunts, doctors, psychologists, and others.  Steve found Natasha in the crowd and she gave Steve a small nod.  Clint and Phil were conspicuously absent.
. "Whaaat?" Had Pietro said something about Tony? Were they going to try and kill him? So he was... here? "Bucky. We have to. You have to--" He gripped the wrist of his metal arm sharply and tugged him forward. "--you have to get me the hell out of here.  Bucky, we can't mate right now. Fighting HYDRA is more important."
"Those suits are more trouble than they're worth.  Don't get me wrong, War Machine is awesome--"
"...said the rocket scientist."
Tony had never stated any of this explicitly.  He felt like Steve probably already knew it, deep down, and he didn't want to detract from the reality that Steve really
There was an awkward pause. A silence in the room that dragged out whilst neither Steve nor Fury looked away from each other.
He pressed into the omega for warmth.  Steve was not only bigger than him but felt like he was about a million degrees, a side-effect of the serum and Steve's ridiculous metabolism.
Joey gave Tony a pitying look.  "We're not going to cut through the chain.  Hold his arm out, Rogers."
The blond was staring down at him haughtily.  An omega with power, pride, dignity... what a weird thing.
Rhodey got out.  Donner didn't move.  Rhodey opened the door for him and said, "Come on."  Donner slid out and followed Rhodey, head down, still looking like he was about to be shot.
No normal person would interfere with a feral fight... but Steve wasn't a normal person.  He shoved both hands into the frantic, snarling ball of ten-thousand-dollar suits and snarling aggressive, and grabbed both Alphas, one in each hand, separating them.  He hoisted Justin up the scruff of his neck easily, like he weighed nothing more than a load of bread. Tony had a split lip but Hammer had a shiner on his cheekbone that would be a dark purple within the hour. Steve lifted him, his feet not touching the floor, waiting for the two of them to come to their senses.
"Mr. Stark, how much money are you going to spend?"
"That's not Taylor Swift, sir," interjected JARVIS.
Tony burst out laughing.
"This is actually adorable," Steve said, who currently couldn't stop smiling. It was so sweet to see Tony like this. He was a pretty adorable baby. Tony getting so embarrassed over the photos was also... pretty adorable.
Bucky was still not comfortable around her and mostly spoke to Pietro.  Steve had said that bonding meant trusting your omega when you had no one else.  Bucky had no one, but he had Pietro and Wanda, and Pietro was an omega, so he decided to take orders from Pietro until he was able to rendezvous with Steve.  Wanda was nicer to him and reassured him she wouldn't be breaking into his mind anytime soon, but he had no response.
And of
"We should eat too," Steve pointed out. "All this talk of pizza has made me hungry."
The group was standing around.  Heads turned.  They looked at him.  Tony kept his head held high; henodded to them curtly, politely, like he was exiting just another board meeting.  He'd done this once before, hadn't he?  Walked out of Kunar with a mark on him, after having Yinsen die in his arms, and acted like he was untouchable?
In the basement, Tony was stifling yawns himself.
"They said he ran away but DeSoto thinks he might have been taken to the auctions," Steve said. "I know you think Clint wants gone with his past but maybe-- maybe I could track him down."
He yanked away like he'd been burned.  Steve's pheromones were pleading to be mated, but the gland on his neck was more discerning, and it had made a very clear decision on Steve's behalf:
cousins twice removed," said Pepper.  "Although, since Steve's been frozen for two generations, really, they're just first cousins.  Congratulations, Steve. You have family."
Before Steve could answer, Tony's cell phone went off.  He grabbed the pants he'd discarded on the floor, searching the pocket, and pulled out the phone.  Pepper.
Rhodes rubbed a finger against his lips thoughtfully.  "...so where's you-know-who?"
"Why would I go back?" wondered Tony.
"...did you... ah... do you go to a lot of pubs back in the day?" asked Tony casually.  "They hadn't changed much, I'm guessing, aside from the flatscreens."
Was his name Bucky?  He kept getting called Bucky.
Beneath the surface, though, the gears were turning rapidly.
"It's not all great," warned Natasha.  "Mother Jones is already asking what it says that 'Captain America' jumped into bed with one of the world's best-known weapons designers."
Steve's advise, not to work too hard, was almost immediately forgotten.  The coffee sat untouched, slowly going cold, while Tony fiddled with the suit in front of him.
"Spent.  Like I got hit by a truck," said Tony with a weary smile.  "...you're going into post-heat, huh?" He nuzzled the top of Steve's head.  "It's rough. It's really rough... but we get through them okay, right?"
of Sokovia.  ("It's near the Ukraine, bordering Bulgaria.  It's tiny. Smaller than Moldova," Obadiah had said over cigars one evening.  "Where the hell's Bulgaria?" asked Tony, who had also never heard of Moldova. "Doesn't matter.  We're not supplying them with weapons, anyway. We're government contractors. All those people out there, they're just a bunch of bleeding-heart liberals who need a bad guy to rally against.  But we're not the bad guys, Tony. Remember that," said Obadiah. Tony had felt a sense of relief that he had nothing to do with Sokovia or Slovakia or whatever the hell it was called, and never gave it second thought.)
"What's wrong?  ...what's--"
that Tony hadn't gotten around to reading.
He watched Steve pick at the bacon.  He was pretty sure neither of them would ever work for SHIELD again, unless there was a total catastrophe of the meteor-heading-toward-Earth variety.  Once they were done meeting with lawyers, ambassadors, and the media, their schedule would open up in a way it hadn't for a long time. Steve would probably be on the press junket for a long time, and Tony would be able to go back to doing his solo Iron Man gig, playing with his suits and blasting baddies when he felt like it.
"Frankly, no, neither of them should be traveling unescorted.  His heats come on a lot faster than normal. A typical pre-heat lasts a few days; his lasts twenty-four hours, tops.  If he goes into full heat before they get somewhere safe then..." Dr. Gleason gave a shrug.
"One question," Steve said, opening his eyes again as he walked them back up the beach away from the waves so they could lie down in the sand. There was a flicker of mischief in his gaze. "If you get naked on a beach then surely sand gets in a lot of places it shouldn't," he pointed out, raising a brow as he rolled them over and straddled Tony's waist, rocking his hips back to tease against him.
"Two-twenty five," mumbled Tony, head lolling.  He looked blearily over at Pepper and smiled. "I like your freckles."
He wondered how well Fury had known the older Howard, the one that had called his son a sissy and a faggot and a disappointment.  Tony knew he wasn't exactly the most commanding, powerful Alpha in the room, but so what?  Betas couldn't tell, anyway, and Tony felt he more than made up for it with his smarts.  But Tony's intelligence had been an inconvenience to Howard.  Life in the Stark household had always existed in a sort of controlled chaos.  The concept of "child-proof" didn't exist around Tony.  By the time he went to college, the family was on its sixth microwave.  He never believed in Santa Claus or the tooth fairy; to him, the concept of invisible energy was enough magic to satisfy his childhood curiosity.  The idea of being able to manipulate it through circuits fascinated him.  He was etching boards while most children were still learning how to tie their shoes.  He took apart and put together nearly anything he could get his hands on.  But being smart and precocious hadn't endeared him to Howard.  Half of the staff's job was trying to wrangle Tony away from electronics before he destroyed them; around the house, anything that had wires was in dire straits and was always moments away from being torn apart by Tony.  Howard's pride in having an intelligent son didn't extend to being patient when his intelligent son made life difficult.  And Tony was nothing if not difficult.  Every single tutor said the same thing: "He's not being challenged enough."  But it was impossible to challenge him and most gave up eventually, letting Tony do whatever he wanted, which was sneaking into the garage to crawl into the car's engine and see what made it go.
Tony leaned in to give Steve a quick nuzzle on the jaw.  Because Steve was taller, Tony often missed the mark for kisses, but it was fine.  It was their thing at this point.
"I know," Steve breathed and took Sam's hand as it was offered. "How is he?"
"I don't know.  Hopefully America," said Pietro, crossing his arms.  He looked down. Wanda had passed out on the floor, legs splayed out in front of her, chin dropped down onto her chest; her hair was a mess.  "...psionics takes a lot of energy. She's going to be out for a while. We can't go anywhere until she's up for more."
gonna need a spa treatment," he added jokingly, smiling and nuzzling against his mate.  "Ever had a couples' massage? It's nice. ...we gotta loosen you up. It's only morning and you better believe I'm going to be cashing in on that sweet birthday sex all day."  He kissed the back of Steve's neck, lips brushing over the familiar mark.
He didn't pull his gaze away from the window.  He felt pained that Steve didn't want him touching his neck.  Tony had meant for it to be a kind gesture, letting Steve know he didn't care about the other's mark.  ....he did, of course. But he wanted Steve to know that he was still desirable. Steve's shyness made Tony feel awful.  Like he was in trouble, almost.
Piper was still bright red.  "I'unno," she mumbled, embarrassed.
"So SHIELD knows that Steve's... forced bond... was the same guy as before," said Tony, steering them back on topic.
.  But it was only a couple of years ago that those words had been spoken aloud.  In the cave, between the freezing water that threatened to suffocate him, the stinging impact of jumper cables, the burn of cigarettes, they hissed things to him he'd always sort of suspected.  That no one would come for him, because no one cared for him.  That his only purpose was to build weapons and so he might as well do it for them, because otherwise, he was worthless.  He didn't deserve the life he'd been handed and this was what he truly deserved.  He was barely truly a man, or an Alpha, or a human.  He was no one.  Nothing.
Of course, they were also here for Peggy.  Tony was just hoping it wouldn't be too embarrassing for him.
"Gotta hand it to you... the whole strawberries and cream thing was inspired.  This is good. I forgot to eat yesterday," said Tony, licking whipped cream off his hands.  He was eating the waffles with his fingers, oblivious to Steve reading the letter. "Do you mind if I have some of your coffee?  I feel a lot better. Hey. Listen. Don't worry about the mating thing, okay? We've got the rest of our lives to figure that out.  ...hey, are you okay?" Steve was looking paler than usual. Steve didn't tan nearly as well as Tony did; being so fair, it was nothing sort of a miracle he didn't burn constantly, especially since they lived in Malibu.  "I told you it wasn't your fault, Steve. Really. I don't mind. We'll get through this." Tony offered him a strawberry.
Steve cocked his head at him, his gaze
Malick sputtered.  "I don't-- I never--
"Mr. Stark," she greeted him coldly.
Tony could not fucking believe this.  They weren't even in the front door and already they were getting grief.
Tony felt a pang.  "Or maybe he
"Is this really supposed to scary?" Steve asked, sounding unconvinced after twenty minutes of friendly bickering and filming of a car journey and cabin room. "Because I dunno..."
He was shaking violently, and there mere act of breathing was hard; something warm was dripping down his leg, he felt like he might throw up, and the mixed smell of cooked meat and burning tobacco clung to him like gauze. His wrists were bruised and covered in small, half-moon cuts from fingernails; the back of his neck was surely burned down to the bone.  He was too shell-shocked to cry.  In between prime numbers, he was still chanting
The sun was just beginning to rise. It was actually morning, time to get up; a new day had begun.  Being in the hospital had screwed with their body clocks.
"You stop to take a breath?" she asked him just as cleared his twentieth lap in about five minutes.
Steve had no idea how she could be an ex; she looked barely old enough to drink.
He frowned at the mention of Natasha.  "I don't speak Russian," he informed Steve with a hint of annoyance.  "She giving you private lessons?  ...is she aware that
Steve sighed and walked up behind him, curling a hand over Tony's before he could pour himself a third. "You need sleep, Tony," he murmured and nuzzled against the back of his neck. "Honeymoon period is about indulging ourselves in lots of ways- sleep is important too." Steve let eyes slip shut for a moment.
Steve stared dead ahead, his throat going dry. Fuck.  This should have been easier, but it wasn't.
anything but they don't like it. Shit. I'm- I'm sorry..." She shook her head and sighed, rubbing at her temple with her free hand. Aria looked tired. She didn't have any eyeliner on today. It made her look younger. "I just worry about this so much. It would be so much easier if Steve wasn't bonded, no offense...I know him well enough now. He's a squishy one. If this goes south he won't recover and I'll be out of a job. He'll go full-time soldier. Bye-bye rights movement. Bye-bye charity. This could be huge and it's all just resting on...
. They were pretty, like jewellery but as soon they became a marker for status they took on a far more sinister tone. Steve sighed again and put his collar on, knowing he couldn't step out of their room without it.
Tony pushed into the kiss immediately.  "...I feel fine," he said. That was... sort of, kind of true.  He felt drunk, anyway.
"Ha ha... see... always joking," said Justin.  "You know, just friendly-- friendly competition, hey, no, I love this guy--"
"You want me to take a personal day and also schedule all your interviews for you?" repeated Pepper drily.
.  You're Tony Stark.  What were you thinking about?"
any more kids down here, but if you really cared about him at all, you wouldn't try moving him.  He's on bedrest until Thursday." (It was Monday.)
"Impressive, even for you, sir," said the butler, offering him a drink.  Tony took it gratefully.
"...I'm sorry, Steve," added Pepper softly.  She was partially apologizing for Steve's loss, for the old mate of his that had been died only to have, apparently, been resurrected to terrorize him.  But she was also secretly apologizing for the kiss (if you could call it that) that Tony had stolen from her. She thought it best not to tell Steve about it (after all, what would that accomplish?  Pepper was a very practical person) but the guilt still rankled her, even if it hadn't been her fault.
This had always been his favorite position, lying lazily in bed while a woman rode him.  Steve's body was wet and tight and overly warm, and all of the sensations were nearly overwhelming.  He reached out to play with Steve's erection, running his thumb back and forth over the foreskin, lazily watching the way it went back and forth over the head.  Tony had become intimately familiar with Steve's penis over the last half-year. Tony was average-sized for an Alpha and he had to admit it was a little disconcerting to know that Steve, an omega, was probably about the same size as him.  Steve had a foreskin but no knot, but aside from that, they were pretty evenly matched. He wondered if Steve ever compared them.
Steve paused. Natasha said something but he didn't hear it. Everyone talked about
on top of all of that.
"Huh?" said Tony.  He'd been brooding.  Thinking about Vanko.  About Bucky.  "Oh, yeah, sure, charities are easy.  I've been running the Maria Stark Foundation for, like, twenty years.  Great for tax breaks.  You should talk to Pep about it.  She's an accountant, you know- technically.  That's how we met.  She spotted an error in the books, would've cost the company ten million... and she came directly to my office... Happy, remember?"  Tony was getting a gooey expression on his face, half-nostalgia and half-... something else.
you seem," shot back Brooke.
put him here! Hadn't he...? Steve looked down at the red on his hands. Both bodies were gone and there was no smell either. But Steve was stuck with this strange sense that he wasn't alone.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Let's go," said Tony, stooping to grab his helmet.  She frowned and exchanged a look with Clint. There was no doubt in her mind that if they came across the Winter Soldier, Tony would completely lose focus and the fight he would get into wouldn't be one based on logic, but on Alpha instinct.
Steve wanted to. Every bone in his body
"Steve." Aria sighed. "It's nothing. Drop it." She turned away, tapping on her phone.
Tony brought himself to cruising altitude; within minutes he was at 12,000 feet, his ears had popped four times, and he was making his way east.  He was on autopilot and was relaxing in the suit, letting it do the work for him, skimming over the cloud tops and occasionally getting odd looks from the triangle of cranes that was flying above him.  He wasn't sure where they were going.  He wasn't, for that matter, sure where he was going.  Just that he was going east.
fucked, Steve got so tight post-orgasm that they ended up pretty committed to being knotted for at least a half-hour.
Bucky cocked his head.  "...there's an exhibit?"
"Mutants, supersoldier serums, body mods.  We need to know how far they're getting-"
"Home" was Tony's house.  It felt strange, uncanny, to leave the hospital to find Happy waiting for them beside a fancy SUV with tinted windows.  Happy had hugged him when he saw him and it had been strange... strange to think of the man worrying him about him like that. Steve hadn't really thought about Happy once in his two-month vacation... but the man had been worried about him. Guilt weighed heavy in his chest...and on his goddamn ankle. They had been tagged like dogs. All of them punished, but only one of them had done something wrong. Maybe if Steve painted them all as heroes in his apology, then the Prime Minister Yemen would let the others off. Or would the President be in charge of that?  Or someone from the World Security Council?  Steve was unclear, but he felt terrible about way his little stunt had affected the others.  If Steve made it embarrassing for them to be persecuted, or something. He didn't know. He wasn't very good at politics.
"How do you know?" interrupted Tony.
Steve smiled. "So am I. I'll see you guys soon, alright? Let me know how it goes!"
"Can I look yet?  You're not unpacking everything, are you?  I want my gift," said Tony stubbornly; he could still hear quiet movements from Steve and he wondered if Steve was drawing this part out on purpose.  If he was, then he had no right to tell Tony to keep his expectations down, because every second of anticipation gave Tony more than enough time to picture every crazy thing imaginable, from Steve having a tattoo on his ass to Donner popping out of one of the suitcases or something.
"Where's my quinoa? I paid like twenty dollars for that shit; I want it."
. I can't feel it anymore; I didn't know. I swear to God, I swear...I would have told you if I thought it was still around. I don't want another Alpha.  I want
"Probably not," said Mackenzie.  "They want to be sure there's zero chance of any espionage.  So I guess we're going to be spending Christmas and New Year's together.  Which is great, I always wanted to go to a Stark New Year's party!"
. Sure people thought he was weird, intimidating...whatever. A freak still, but he didn't care. Steve had done
Bucky realized Steve had asked him a question.  Where he was.
Trickshot looked absolutely baffled.
He set a slow, steady rhythm with his hips, rocking into him with a contented sigh.  It felt amazing, easy and slick, minimal friction, the pressure from Steve's body driving Tony wild.
"No," said Donner.  Tony and Steve both looked over sharply.  "No, I've had four, but Giddy never let me keep them," he said.  "Is this one his?"
Most of the omegas in the audience laughed; next to Steve, Piper giggled softly.
A gasp escaped his lips as Tony pushed deeper in and pressed against that sweet spot inside of him. Steve moaned loudly, fingers digging in to sofa fabric as he clenched around him in approval. "Y-Yes. Fuck. I want it. Please Tony," he begged, voice sweet as he sank down again, his hips struggling to rise back up. He didn't want to leave him. Steve felt quite content to stay seated on him for the moment.
Tony shook his hand.  He was actually rather interested in meeting this man.  Eric looked... normal. What kind of person would attend these conferences, exactly?  "So, Eric... what brings you to... this thing?"
Tony managed to choke down half of the main course and rewarded himself with another martini.  He was aching for the whole mess to be over.  Steve was on edge and it was putting
Had Howard weaponized Steve? Not exactly. He was hardly harmless, and didn't need grenades stuck to him to ensure damage would be done. But men like Howard had dragged him off that stupid stage and pushed him out into a battlefield. Or rather, they'd given him the the opportunity. If Howard hadn't flown him over Italy, Steve would have never been able to rescue Bucky, or the Howling Commandos, or the rest of them. He'd been so terribly grateful to Howard for giving him the opportunity, like he owed him something despite Steve being the one who'd seriously risked his life. It had been late at night when everyone had settled down after the return.
"Any word on Fury?"
As Steve opened his first present Tiberius brought over the cake. It was caramel with a banana cheese cream icing on top. It smelt and looked amazing. "Chose well, right?" Aria grinned.
my fault that it didn't work out."
Brent shrugged helplessly.  "I'm bonded. You're the best plant we have."
"I think it's infected," Gleason sighed. "It looks like the Winter Soldier doesn't brush his teeth. I'm going to have to take some swabs and then manually drain it."
When Tony's fingers brushed against his cheek Steve glanced to the side, his blue eyes shifting to the other's face. The touch was gentle and yet intimate, perhaps because of how close their faces were. Steve leaned into the touch a little, his eyes carefully traversing Tony's face. "You make me feel safe.  And happy. Or at least, you do when you actually want me around," Steve whispered, his gaze dropping away. "And making you happy, that makes me happy, too."  Steve trailed off, struggling to say the right thing. He was almost smiling. "Maybe I want you to take what you want Tony.  Ever think about that?"
"Barnes.
Tony grinned, clearly delighting in embarrassing her.  He got up to get himself another drink. Tony was all about pre-gaming and it was just about time for the guests to start arriving.  He spied Happy; he lifted a hand in greeting. "Hey, Happy. ...didn't you bring a date?"
"No, over a misplaced sense of Alpha machismo," said Banksy, hooking arms with Donner.  "They're equal in dominance so every time they cross paths they have to try to figure out who's on top."
Bucky opened his eyes.  It was evening. He was lying on the pull-out sofa of the motel room and he could feel him.  Feel his omega. Feel that tough-as-nails sense of indignation and pride in himself, and it made Bucky's heart ache for him.
"...pride parades are also for betas who like the same sex.  They're actually a blast," said Tony. "But I don't think you're gonna convince Rhodey to join that scene.  He likes Sam, but not like that. And, I mean... I'm the same way, kinda. I could never be with another Alpha, not even a woman.  It would be too weird."
Tony froze.  He felt like he was being pulled out the The Matrix.
"Captain?  Captain, what's going on?  You guys need backup?" Sam's voice was coming in through Steve's comm but it was being ignored.
Nick Fury was leaning on Steve's counter, looking ominous in a leather trench coat and gloves.  Tony stared at him like a deer in the headlights.
The first day was a blur of Tony, pills and occasional slices of fruit Steve had managed to swallow. They slept deeply the first night, making it a whole eight hours before Steve woke up and made to sit on Tony's erection, waking him up too. The second day was harder. They were both sore and physically tired. Steve kept dozing off through out the day and waking up to find Tiberius had left him a little bucket of ice chips. Ty was nice like that.
there naked.
.  He hadn't realized it until Steve had revealed it.  He had expected the mark to look different. That wasn't the right mark, not at all.
"...Pepper'll probably want to come by, too," he said.  "...JARVIS, what's the docket for us?"
"It looks like a tornado hit this place," said Clint, picking across the rubble.  "Is that girl dead?"
There was the newest suit to be built, and there was SHIELD... he had the same battery of tests to face as Steve (something he wasn't looking forward to), and he wanted to hack into their database and see what dirty little secrets they were hiding.  Tony had done enough business with the government to know that you couldn't trust it.  Also he needed to start planning and preparing for Steve's birthday.  What the hell did you do for a guy who was simultaneously turning 93 and 27?
Ian was pointing to a red pin on the map.
"Huh?  What?" asked Tony.
"I mean-- I mean, you can't really... have planned for kids.  You're a soldier, y'know? I mean, not anymore, but-- well, it's not like anyone in your position would have kids.  Sam doesn't have kids... Clint doesn't have kids," Tony pointed out. Steve still felt sad.
Unfazed by their affection, Natasha calmly answered Tony's question.  "Rhodes is fine; he left for Washington last night.  Virginia is in the lobby.  She was waiting for you two to wake up, but she's been running damage control pretty much continuously.  According to her, running Stark Industries is a lot like trying to race a horse that's on fire."
"Wait a moment," he repeated, staring at the building beside the shield.  "...look."  He reached down and picked up the little building, examining it.
"So it's not just the ones they're converting... there's more?"
Then Steve felt a wave of heat through out him and his legs gave way and he landed on the floor with a loud thud. Steve groaned, both at that and the shiver that drew up his spine. He felt his boxers growing wet and his member growing hard. Steve arched up off the floor and whined loudly. He could hear them talking outside- had someone just mentioned Captain America? Ha. No way. When Tony finally found out things would be interesting, wouldn't they? He might kill Steve.
"солдат!  We were beginning to get worried we wouldn't find you," called someone.
"Your heat's coming up soon, right?" inquired Banksy.
Steve would only let go of the syrup bottle when Pepper returned with the clothes. She'd chosen a softer pair of jeans in hope that he would be comfier.
There was a loud metallic click when the suit had been assembled and Tony stepped off the gantry, giving his fingers a few test-flexes, making sure everything was working right.  It was. He clamped across the concrete floor toward the stairs. He felt better about all this than he had earlier. It was one thing to talk about when they were both in jeans. Knowing Steve had his shield and that he had his armor, and that there was at least some sort of plan, well... that made it a lot different than Steve's situation had been in July.
"-are you referring to Captain Rogers?!"
"...I can shave the beard," said Tony after a moment.  "Pepper sort of hates it, too." He was still staring down at his cup.
Steve moved to sit on the edge of the bed, still feeling sick beyond belief. He couldn't think. He didn't want to imagine--
"You're not authorized to be here."
Now that Steve was sat closer DeSoto did look at him, briefly. Maybe he did smell different to him too. If he did, DeSoto was too polite to say so.
"This'll die down in a week or two," Tony reassured Steve.  "...probably sooner, actually, since there's no public bathrooms or restaurants out here."
It was only after Mike had pressed the button and the elevator doors had closed that Steve remembered Mike from the lobby, the day before: Ashtray's Alpha.
"How long will you be on my side of the pond?"
Bucky.
"Strucker saw him, you know.  He was under his Alpha, begging for relief, like a whore.  History, soldier, is written with hindsight. Right now, they think he's the hero.  But give it ten years. In ten years, he'll have learned his place. He'll be a broodmare, nothing more.  And you and I, we will be the heroes. He's a modern-day Icarus. You know Icarus?"
It was in the fourth round that the first collar got thrown onto the table, by a man named Mike.  "One night," he said, throwing down a collar. Immediately, half the table folded. Including Tony.  His hand wasn't any good and he was still reeling from the last round's loss.
Steve shivered beneath him at the touch, his fluttering closed as he sucked in a soft breath. The hot wet touch of Tony's mouth and tongue were enough to make him tremble. Make him
Gleason pressed his lips together in a thin line. "I'm so sorry Steve. But I don't have the answers. I've never heard of an omega who couldn't feel their Alpha.  I will see you on Sunday, yes?"
Pepper stormed back into the house like a thundercloud.  Everyone looked up with interest at the drama unfolding; Pepper was grabbing her sweater off the back of the couch.
Sixteen burst into slightly hysterical laughter, and then so did One and Nine, clearly thinking Steve had told a joke they didn't quite get.  Seven looked down, blushing brilliantly, too nervous to laugh with them.
"Right. Okay..." Steve slumped against the window in a strange kind of relief. It must have been a strange kind of dream. Had he been sleep walking? Or was he hallucinating now? Still, he found himself turning around to stare back outside. There was no one in sight. No one at all. But Steve still couldn't shake the creepy notion that someone was... watching.  That somehow, there was a lingering connection between reality and his dream.  It made him feel tainted, somehow, and he found himself grateful that Tony had not been present to witness him zoning out.
Even Steve's gentle touch wasn't enough for him to shake it.  Steve didn't get it; Steve had never killed anyone who didn't deserve it.  Steve had never killed anyone unwitting or on accident like Tony had. Steve's goals were noble and Tony's were selfish and Tony felt like a piece of shit.
He twisted to the side, yanked back, operating on pure instinct as the other man tried to bring down one of the cables on him.  Tony managed to get to his feet and tear away, only to slam into another overturned car and drop to the ground.  He lay there, breathing heavily.  The world was frozen.
Steve didn't think there was an angle where he wasn't exposing himself; he pulled himself out of his pants and urinated into the drain in the floor, annoyed at the idea of people watching him through their cameras.
"Not a horse," mumbled Steve in protest.
"’M glad too," mumbled Tony.  He nipped Steve's ear again before dropping his head onto the pillow that smelled like his omega.
The questions kept coming, and he remained as calm as he could, but under the table his hand was gripping Tony's tightly and the other had curled into a fist at his side. He let out a shaky breath as he finished a question about his future plans with charity, to which he'd essentially said
"Well, we've kind of got our hands full at the moment," Steve pointed out with a quiet, forced laugh that was soon echoed by the rest of the table.
the thought of me wearing a collar?" He sounded more confused by it than anything else. "Why?"
"...will Banksy be there?" asked Donner.
"The world's... greatest... pair-bond," repeated Tony slowly.  His face broke into a grin.    They'd ended up giving his lip a few stitches after all, and it hurt to smile, but he couldn't help it.  "This is
have faced?"
"Oh, cover was blown hours ago, and he already submitted the report," said Clint.
"Hi Nadine.  Do you, uh, do you run the Los Angeles POSSV group?"
Steve's head was swimming though. Two weeks? Two weeks and Tony could be dead. The thought was chilling and, again, completely explained his irrational behavior. It was already well into the morning of the next day. Jesus, how long had Rhodes and Tony even been fighting for? Steve swallowed and ran a hand over his face before firing up his bike.
With Steve, he felt better, a million times better.  But the wounds were still fresh and painful.  Another Alpha.  Ugh.
"Tony!  Oh my goodness, you really are the spitting image of your father.  Doesn't he look just like Howie, Steve?"
"--and so I wanted to auction all these off, we have hundreds, it would be a nice little charity thing, what'd you think?"
"Tony?" she said in alarm.
before everyone finally realized I wasn't fucking around?  I changed for Clint.  People change.  Just because Tony is a selfish, arrogant jerk with a drinking problem doesn't mean he won't be a good addition to the team.  Fury likes him, Steve likes him.  Maybe he'll surprise us."
"--yeah, them.  Stephen is kind of better than Donner."
"Pretty neat escape route, huh?" said Tony, smiling at Steve.  "...lead the way, Steve."
Laura looked over at Clint, panting a little.  "She didn't take a nap today but she's still running at about a hundred miles an hour.  I'm hoping this means she'll actually sleep through the night."
"I know. I couldn't help myself," Steve said, a mischievous kind of glint in his eyes before he slipped away off the bed before he headed into their walk-in-wardrobe. He returned which a box, which he deposited on the bed before opening. There wasn't a huge range. A couple of dildos and a vibrator (one of which Clint had bought him. Steve had turned bright red, embarrassed; Clint had reassured them that, omega-to-omega, he would not tell anyone Steve was using toys).
"...Steve, everyone loves you.  They loved you before you were unfrozen.  You were like America's Queen of England... you were like the living embodiment of Uncle Sam or whatever.  You stood for everything this country is supposed to. You should read the stories about you... how you rescued hundreds of POWs, how you... in basic, they say some guy threw a grenade down and you threw yourself over it without even thinking.  You were this incredible, well-spoken, heroic son of a bitch. And then when you were unfrozen and came out as omega and now you're a big civil rights crusader... people
"Least they're not comparing knots," muttered Tracy, and she and Alexis both burst into giggles.
"So does he know?  About Project 84?"
was in trouble for having a crush while Steve was off gallivanting with his other Alpha?  Was Tony just supposed to be okay with Steve having Bucky on the side like this?
"Steve... wake up.  We're back in California."  Tony would have liked to tear his clothes off and wake him with sex, but Steve's PTSD meant doing those sorts of things were discouraged.  Tony and Steve tended to wake each other up gently.
Pepper made it clear that she wanted Steve to get settled in his cabin before things got bad. They gave him a crate of water bottles and a handful of energy bars. Steve practically sighed in relief as he staggered onto the plane and the cabin door was shut behind him. Pepper locked it behind her as she left, keeping the key as Steve couldn't trust himself. And JARVIS was authorized to prevent Steve from leaving, or Tony entering; JARVIS was as neutral of a party as any beta would be.
Tony huffed and obediently walked into the kitchen.  Everyone was stepping over pieces of marble and getting breakfast at what was left of the counter.  Tony sidled up behind Steve and wrapped his arms around his waist, pressing his cheek against Steve's back.  "Hiya."
Steve looked over his shoulder.  No one was there. Had there ever been?  Was this some sort of screwy flashback? A side effect of the SHIELD subconscious simulation thing?
"...two," said Tony, thinking back to the little velvet collar Steve had gotten.
2) Clint's brother
He lapped at Steve's neck.  "...now we mate?" he suggested, not sure who "them" was or why they wanted to kill Tony or who Tony was.
He bet Steve had managed to get people to buy a shit-ton of war bonds.  And talk about propaganda... watching a sexy omega smack Hitler was probably a fucking show-stopper.  Vaguely, Tony wondered to what extent his father had ogled Steve like this, had purposefully used Steve's sex appeal to get people involved in the war effort.  He pushed those thoughts away because it was creepy to think about. Plus he was already sporting one hell of an erection and Howard was among the last people in the world he wanted to think about right now.
Yasic gave him sly smile.  "So have you ever...?"
He was hungry (sex and sleep always made him hungry), but Steve didn't get up quite yet. It was also evident that Tony wanted to be the one to take the collar off of him, not for him to take it off himself.
"You want to be the one to shut down a Stark party, be my guest," said Phil with a vague gesture.  "He already invited half of Hollywood."
Sam strode over and shoved Bucky's limp body off of Steve.
"---you're going to ruin a lot of Alphas' lives, yes, absolutely; a lot of promising young students' lives and a lot of military careers, because omegas want to be treated as equals and they're not, that's the reality, okay--"
Sam and Natasha both trained their guns on him, looking confused about how he'd ended up there and with all the notes to boot.
"Tony can stay," Steve said softly, glancing over at Sam. He really had nothing to hide anymore. That was it. He was done.
He paused, cocking his head.  Outside, they could hear the constant white noise generated by the ocean, and the wind coming off the Pacific creating a constantly, ghostly whisper as the palm fronds rubbed against each other.  Tony's whole front yard ("yard" was an understatement) was groomed to perfection, in defiance of the California climate and drought; he had lush grass and tropical plants and bushes carved into shapes and all sorts of elegant flora.  It was something of a personal Eden, though Steve rarely saw Tony go out to enjoy it. Once or twice, Tony had wandered out to grab avocados off a tree. (Steve had never tried one; New York didn't have a hell of a lot of avocados in the thirties.)  But for the most part the garden was serene and untouched.
"I think I'm done!" announced Donner, sounding relieved, then promptly retched again.
"Why were you drawing me?" demanded Tony.
, he thought.  Evolution hadn't counted on this.  He already had Steve's wrists pinned and was already biting the back of his neck, was already on top of him, and if he'd been able to form a coherent thought, he might have recognized that the floor of a HYDRA bunker wasn't a great place to be doing this, but he wasn't at all reasonable enough to form such a thought, not while he was biting into Steve's neck and trying to figure out a way to rut into him.
Steve was right about building up an immunity to heat inducers. They had to do it the old-fashioned way.
"No," Hill grit out, holding her phone to her ear in the hope that Fury would pick up soon.
He swiveled around and grinned.  "Well
"Agreed."
"Are you... are you angry at me?" Steve asked softly.
"When Steve's ready, shall we get set up?" Louis said, sounding positive. Steve walked over with a bunch of grapes in one hand, eating the fruit like popcorn.
"I don't want him. I swear I don't want him. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Please Tony. I didn't realise you'd want other people. I didn't realise I wouldn't be enough. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'll be better. I'll try. I'm sorry." At some point Steve's gaze had dropped and he was falling, his fierceness dissipating as he curled in on himself. It hurt. It hurt so much he felt sick in his mouth and his hear and his stomach. He wasn't good enough for his Alpha. He wanted other people. Steve wasn't good enough. He was tainted. Bucky had ruined him without even touching him.
"Where are we going now?" asked Bucky.  They were in an airport terminal in France.  Pietro was watching the news, trying to figure out what was going on.  There was a lot of talk about
"You know--" Aria took a drag from her cigarette. They could smoke in the suite, but not in the hallways. She leaned back in her seat. "With therapy."
something.  Waiters were polite to everyone, weren't they?  They were paid to be that way, but Steve clearly felt that it was important for some reason.
"Every omega's bond is every Alpha's right," recited the boy.
"Oh, so you do? People said they saw you kneel at the conference."
"Shit," repeated Jeanette.  "Don't move, I'll find you a hand-held mic."  She breezed off. Tony watched her go (God damn, pencil skirts) before turning his attention back to Steve.  "Who else is coming on? I didn't read the thing."
Tony began giggling.  "Who, Sam? Yeah, he's an Alpha who likes Alphas.  You're single, right? Play your cards right and you might be able to get a free meal."
he blamed. Not Steve.
"You've actively gone out of your way to undermine our relationship since day one!"
"Great!" said Tony with delight.  He was walking a motorcycle across the floor; he threw out the kickstand and began stacking books on it.  "Lift that pipe up here, all of these pipes have fittings, uh, metal clamps, those need screwed on, there's grommets that fit between them, but don't tug any wires, there's two smaller pipelines--"  Tony was talking rapidly, wrenching a bolt onto a L-pipe.  The notes JARVIS was maintaining for him had grown as messy as the desk; projections of diagrams floating around the room like fish swimming lazily.  It was a bit like being inside Tony's head.
"Seriously...do you want to date her?"
"Sokovia is a backwards place.  Some rabbits, they still put collars on them, like dogs.  I'll never bond," said the omega. "I'm not a dog. I don't do tricks or mindlessly obey anyone.  I'm my own man." He studied the soldier. "...why do you do everything he tells you?"
"инициировать самоуничтожение!" yelled Vanko.  Even if Tony was capable of making out words, it wouldn't have mattered.  He didn't speak Russian.
Rhodey reached up and pulled the face plate down.  Tony couldn't believe it.  Was Rhodey
"I'm sorry, are you... who I think you are?" He turned his head to see a small ginger woman. She was petite, her hair done in a bob and block fringe. 'Cute' was the first word that came to mind. She didn't look older than twenty.
With Tony's help he got into trousers, both of their hands shaky when they tried to tuck in the shirt. Steve laughed quietly, sadly. He wanted to cry again, partly in relief. His shoulders shook. Steve was with his Alpha.  He was safe. He leaned his head on Tony's shoulder and they stood like that for a moment, Steve's face pressed against his neck.
"No time.  Are you or any other SHIELD agents in New York?  I need my shield and I need you to get here now," Steve said flatly, firm tone and Natasha understood that he was words were unwavering. It was a command. Not a request. Steve didn't have time to explain right now.
He reached up to finger the small scar on his face from their fight at the Expo.  He felt oddly proud of it.
The frustrating thing was that the man behind Iron Man was... well, a man.  Tony was human and he hated himself for it. He got hungry, thirsty, tired; he had to take bathroom breaks, had to occasionally stop working because his fingers cramped.  This was part of the appeal of cocaine; it let him work harder, faster, and longer. He had heard that a lot of geniuses and great figures took amphetamines and that didn't surprise him one bit.  Tony wasn't above occasionally taking a handful of Adderall to help himself work better.
"D-don't call me--"  Steve's jaw clenched as one of Gideon's fingers jabbed into his scent gland, too hard.
Rex nodded. "Yes.  I... the name is familiar."
"Never mind. Listen, Rhodey- watch where you're pointing that thing-" said Tony, spying an anti-personnel gun mounted on Rhodey's shoulder.  Hammer Industries.  Ugh.  Seeing the H.I. logo on
Before Steve knew what he was he was turning around and kissing him. He smiled against Tony's lips. "So," he murmured and bit down on the alpha's bottom lip softly. "What do you wanna do for the rest of the afternoon, huh?" The way Tony was simply looking at him was making him feel hot all over in plenty of different ways.
"Donnie," he repeated.
Most of the staff from the school had been arraigned; the little camp was half-volunteers and half-ex-students.  When they saw Steve arrive, the reaction was a mix. Half rushed over to him, eagerly, and half stalked away warily.  It was obvious that the younger children were more interested, perhaps because they had been less brainwashed. The older students, the ones with implanted hackles (and perhaps, grotesquely, implanted knots, and other modifications) shied away from him and clearly seemed to think he was a bad influence.  A couple seemed doubtful that he was even the "real" Captain America.
"Steve," said Tony.  He put a hand on Steve's shoulder.  "The cops said don't engage."
.  His body ached from tensing over and over, and he was certain his dick was bruised; it was not dissimilar to the feeling one got from wearing a cock ring for too long.  (Of course Tony knew what that felt like.)
"It's simply not possible," a female doctor filled in.
Peggy made everything better. She always had and she always would. Steve always thought this must be weird for her, especially so. She'd watched Tony grow up, known Steve many decades prior and then had seen them get together in the modern day. But if it was, she never commented on it. The image of Joey hacking off some random guy's hand felt a world away in her house.
Steve watched the goo of the egg slowly drag down the window, a smear of yellow in the centre. He felt oddly overwhelmed - that people could both like and hate him so much. He had thought that, if anything, Alphas would simply pay no heed to him. He never thought they would actively go after him like this. He thought back to Malick saying he would surely want to be an Alpha. And he didn't. But he didn't really want to be an omega right now, either... if he was a betam things would be
"Are you kidding me?  We can't
"JARVIS?" came Tony's voice from within the suit.  "Shut it down."
"He should only have one Alpha," said Bucky passionately.
"Seriously, I'm sorry," Steve told him Sam. "I won't disappear like that again. Promise."
"Not something too...flashy," Steve said, and glanced around, feeling foolish as he finished his sentence. There was nothing in here that wasn't 'flashy.' He sighed. So much for plain leather. He wondered how'd they react when he told them he wanted text about equality written on the inside of it.
Tony pressed the base of the knot against Steve and Steve whimpered again, angling himself to take it.  Tony pushed; it resisted.
"I'm guessing you two are planning something big," said Richards, cocking an eyebrow.
He was shaking inside his suit and his digital display was flashing and, over the music, JARVIS was trying to get his attention.  His vitals had spiked. His EEG was a mess, his heart rate was 132 beats a minute.
In some children, it was immediately obvious if they were Alphas or omegas or betas.  In others, their status didn't present until puberty. Cooper was one of those children.  Steve would have guessed he was a beta, but it wasn't immediately obvious and probably wouldn't be for several more years.
"Sure, I can meet with them...I literally don't understand any of their conversations about omega rights.  I kind of missed a lot the last few decades. Do I need to understand it?" Steve asked awkwardly and Aria assured him with a bemused shake of her head that no, he did not. He had no idea who these people even were, aside from friends of Banksy's.
"Did you recognise the song, Steve?" Banksy asked, appearing with Danielle arm in arm.
"What? Why would you think I would... I
"Tony!
"Mmhm," said Boswell, with a faint smile that creased the corners of his eyes.  "Thirty years strong. We were bonded in, let's see, '82. So twenty-eight years, actually... twenty-nine, come February."
Happy frowned at the thought.
"...you just gonna hide out here?"
He stared at her, confused about why she was trying to help him.  He glanced over at Karpov, but Karpov was busy. They were in a hotel room in a small town by the sea and Karpov had been arguing on the phone with someone for several minutes.
"...together's fine," mumbled Tony awkwardly.  "Just... just I'm not, y'know, in the mood for anything... y'know."  He doubted he needed to say it but he wanted to be clear.
Tony sat up and handed Pepper a mostly-empty bottle.
"Yes, sir," said JARVIS.  He pinged through Steve's music.  "Good morning, Captain Rogers.  Mr. Stark has asked me to inform you he is in the shop and has not yet had his morning coffee, which he is, as you know, incapable of making himself," said JARVIS.  If it was possible for a machine to sound amused, JARVIS was certainly managing it.  As a learning program, JARVIS learned from every interaction; years of dealing with Pepper meant that, although JARVIS had Tony's sarcasm, he had also picked up much of Pepper's disapproval toward Tony's helplessness.  Tony never bothered programming it out of the AI because he liked Pepper and he felt it was probably grounding to have a program that occasionally knocked him down a few pegs.
Now's not a good time.  He's trying to make his suit self-assemble so he took cocaine," he said, following her gaze to the pizza box as he looked up.
"Well, I can't really buy you anything. So I thought I'd give you an...experience," Steve said with an easy kind of smile. He tilted his head into Tony's touch, admittedly enjoying being sprawled over naked on top of him. He had first got the idea when Clint made a joke about Phil probably dressing up as Cap in the bedroom. He hadn't quite meant it the way Steve had done it with Tony but...it had certainly been a success.
"The pool sounds good," Steve said, perking up at the mention of it. He liked the thought of sitting at the bottom, seeing how well he could hold his breath still. There was something he loved about underwater swimming.  Despite the experience of drowning in the ocean, he still liked Tony's pool.  Maybe part of that was because it was heated and well-lit.
Watching the clock made the twenty minutes creep by slower than they should have.
Speaking of friends...
She chuckled.  "Well, I didn't want to make any assumptions.  You two want to come over for dinner sometime, after your honeymoon?  I figure you could use a quiet, homemade meal after the media circus dies down."
"It's that song," gasped Tony.  "It m-makes me so s-sad." He hiccuped, then retched again.
"He'd been in his nineties," said one of the SHIELD grunts next to Steve, sounding amazed.  "How could he have been hiding for sixty-six years?"
He found himself getting dealt into the fifth round without thinking.
"What are you doing here?"
Steve  lifted his gaze up to Tony's face. "I just love you, okay? I just need to tell you that," Steve murmured and stood, taking Tony's hand in his own. "Do you know what happens with the dinner yet? Because I'm starving..."
He wasn't wrong; Steve was enjoying it.  It almost hurt, to fuck himself onto Tony's cock so thoroughly and yet deny himself such a simple pleasure. Steve wasn't just shaking from pleasure, but also frustration. His cheeks were flushed a reddened pink and he was gasping at the smallest shocks of pleasure up his spine. Steve whimpered, loudly, as he squirmed on Tony's dick and knot. He would be sore in the morning, even with the serum, after fucking himself onto Tony's cock so goddamn hard. Steve probably would have felt the soreness in the moment if he hadn't been so aroused.
"Oh, I'm not!  I'm just saying, I had no idea it was illegal by the time I graduated.  If I did I would have kicked up a real shitstorm. But I thought I had to so I just knelt and let him bite me.
Tony paused, then grabbed the corner of the sheet and yanked it.  "Then wrap up. We're going outside. C'mon, Steve, let's go."
"Stan?" Her voice sounded almost timid. "I thought you were...fired."
Steve stole a few hours himself.  Then he showered, sorted through his emails, and got dressed.  Today it was black dress pants with a white shirt and a blue waistcoat on top.  That was the general style for omegas; waistcoats.  Back in the forties Steve had never had the money, he was always poor and Bucky had always struggled to just scrounge together rent.  Now he had the money and as Tony Stark’s omega assistant, he was expected to dress the part.
come after me. If HYDRA were planning all that then why the hell would they send a warning? I'm not really keen on digging up the location of a deadly assassin or a shitty ex anytime soon, if I'm honest.
It occurred to him, as he drifted off, that people who said he resembled his father were overwhelmingly betas.  Alphas rarely made the comparison, because they were going by dominance, by his scent... and scent-wise, Tony did not resemble his father in the slightest.  And for the first time in forty years, he didn't really care much.
Nothing happened.  Silence settled.
It was weird having Tony fawn over him so diligently. It was like they were doing everything for the first time again. And Tony was determined to get it right this time. Steve leaned over to kiss him softly as they curled down for the movie, JARVIS playing it on the screen ahead as Steve tucked his head against the crook of the other's shoulder.
July slid into August, then early September, and Steve moped around anxiously.  They were using condoms a lot more regularly now. There had been no more talk of Bucky, for which Tony was grateful.
"He drugged me! He literally sedated me, Phil!"
Steve knew what feeling invisible felt like.
. And now you're taking
Steve's words died on his tongue as Tony's finger pressed at the back of his neck and his brain went offline. He reached up a hand to try and push Tony away so he could speak again but his hand flopped back down in his lap before it got half way between them. His breath was hitched and his pupils were blown wide.
scramble it!"
He walked up behind Steve, the music thumping behind him.  Steve looked annoyed.  Tony wasn't sure why.  He sipped his scotch to stall for time.
"...round two?" asked Tony eagerly, one hand already on Steve's hips, his semi-erect penis pressed between Steve's legs.  He'd already downed a third of the bottle of champagne but wasn't feeling it, yet; he wanted to shove himself into Steve and polish off the bottle before the effects of alcohol inhibited his ability to fuck.  This was one of Tony's methods; he drank continuously, slowly, and right before fucking, went crazy.  This had a dual benefit; it let him skip the detriments of whiskey dick and also helped him pass out immediately afterward, avoiding pillow talk.
Steve reached a hand across the bed. "Pepper called. She's worried. You should call her back."
"I could have killed him Sam," Steve said quietly, picking at the sandwich. He wasn't hungry but he didn't dare disobey Pepper right now. Besides, the heat was still leaving him pliable and easy going. He would do most anything anyone told him to, within reason.
A shudder ran down his spine. Now
"But she goes to events like... this?" Steve was confused.
This wasn't nearly as bad as Nadine had warned him.  Tony gave Steve a couple of good prods; Steve's body resisted and then there was that familiar feeling of give, and Tony shoved his length inside his omega's hole; Steve was moist, not exactly wet, there had been no foreplay, but that wasn't really what this was about anymore, it wasn't about intimacy or love-making, it was just about satisfying a deep, primal desire, and in that way it was perfect.
He grabbed for his hand, using his weight to help himself walk.
"Okay, but if anyone asks,
was there," Steve whispered. "The man was there. This man.  He spoke to me."
A moment later three more Alphas appeared... one of them was Gideon Malick.  He had a smug expression for about two seconds before he saw Tony was wearing a collar.  He stared at Tony with a look of shock. "...take that off, you look ridiculous."
"Not even the chocolate episode," said Lola gravely.
Tony's body relaxed and he made a soft noise of longing against Steve's lips.  He kissed him back, pressing into him and parting Steve's lips with his tongue; it was like their first kiss all over again.  Steve, despite being taller, bigger, and stronger, let Tony take the lead and within moments of moving his mouth against his omega's, Tony had pushed Steve up against the car and and reaching down to fumble with his belt buckle.
"Can we fire him for taking unauthorized leave time?" asked Tony.  "Because, seriously, I have a party in a few days and I can't have my assistant just ditching me.  I can barely tie my shoes on my own.  I need Stan around and he's gonna be home for... however long heats last, I don't know, rolling around naked and probably making an ass of himself."
"I bet your forties whiskey was cheap though," Arcadia pointed out. "This place probably has some eighty percent shit somewhere. Bet you could convince them to crack it open for our country's favorite hero," she winked and Steve couldn't help but smile.
"Ty?  ...isn't it like the middle of the night over there?"
"You ready kid?"
"Huh?"
."  Tony played with Steve's waistband.  "As if some interview is more important that pleasuring my omega," he scoffed, leaning forward to brush his lips to Steve.  "I love you, Stevie... love how you blush... love that wholesome, all-American nice guy thing you've got going..." He slipped his arms over Steve's shoulders and traced the bite mark on the back of Steve's neck.  "Almost makes me want to behave myself... almost..." he purred.
"F-fuck, Tony...oh...
"Yeah," he said to Steve warily.
"My heart is great, seriously, it's fine.  You worry too much.  It didn't get that bad, I took care of it," said Tony.  It was honestly impossible to tell whether Tony was lying or whether he had convinced himself that his brush with death wasn't as close as it had been.  Tony's ability to walk away from near-death experiences and act normal within 24 hours seemed to be a direct result of inhuman levels of denial.
Tony huffed softly, an almost-laugh.  "It still tastes... real bad," he confirmed.  "But it's okay. I... I still have a few toothmarks I can line up to.  The upper canines and one of the lower ones. ...and it was easier because I... I wasn't surprised."
"My condolences for Obadiah Stane."
Brent held up a phone; Kerry began scribbling a number down for "Dr. Thompson."
"But do they really have any other option?" Steve pointed out. "Go back fifty years. Plenty more women were housewives, not because they
The doors of the other car opened and Phil got out of the driver's seat.  Steve should have known. Clint got out of the passenger's side. He stood there for a moment, frozen.
"Vanilla bean.  But melt it for me."
"Stay away from him!"
Before him was a familiar site.  It was the man from Monaco, Vanko.  But the suit he was wearing was no longer one cobbled together in a basement; it was a terrifying feat of engineering, its contours slick, its design professional; it was not unlike something Tony himself would have built.  At the end of each arm, a wire was curled, an industrial one thicker than a carrot, and it was one of these wires, Steve realized, that was curled tight around his ankle and dragging him across the ground right towards him.
"Education's safe," agreed Happy.  He slowed the car as they passed through a security gate; past a chain-link fence, Steve spied Tony's private jet sitting on the tarmac outside a hangar.  It was hard to miss; STARK was emblazoned across the side, bold and unapologetic, much like Tony himself.
"The Internet thinks a lot of things," said Tony with a wave of his hand.  "Both of us are pretty sure we're infertile, so it's fine."
"And it's hard not to take it personally, you know? It's so stupid... but it's not nice when people don't like you. Did I tell you that's how I knew about Sitwell? I didn't read or hear anything HYDRA related; the guy just hated me and I knew it. Well, I was like 70% sure. It was a well-placed guess.  But my point is, I'm not used to people not liking me.  And I'm trying to
thought Tony grimly.  He could remember all too well the  conversation they'd had after the press conference two years ago.
Pepper's brow furrowed.  "Ty? You mean Tiberius? You know him?"
Tony wanted to protest, tell Steve he would
Tony allowed her to lead him back to Steve, who was surrounded by a small crowd of people reassuring him that they had loved his performance, that everyone had.
There was a pause.
Tony let out a soft laugh, dragging his tongue up to Steve's balls.  "Cum for me," he murmured. "Cum for me first, then I'm going to take you and make you cum again."  He dipped back down, running his tongue over and over Steve's slit; his own cock was stiff from Steve's smell and taste and desperate noises of want, but Tony didn't want to stop until he felt Steve's body shudder with release.  Every time Steve begged Tony had to hold back the urge to release himself all over the sheets; his mate's pleas were the sweetest thing. And even though Tony was nowhere near Steve's neck, he could smell-taste that pheromonal song that was Steve's body begging to be used, that smell that Tony had first smelled when Steve went into heat, the reason they were bonded in the first place, that scent-mate compatibility that only Alphas and omegas ever found, and only ever rarely.
Tony blinked.  "What?"
Tony looked okay. Fury, beside the group of scientists, looked...satisfied. "Everything's good so far, Cap," the director breathed. "Lets just hope there's no unwanted visitors again."
have a prob--
Gleason's eyes flickered up to Tony's face with amusement. "Please, just use protection. Heats, even induced ones, will cause a spike in fertility."  He rose. "We'll talk about the drinking another time. But considering previous issues with blood toxicity-" Said information had clearly come from Pepper. -"we should keep an eye on that."  He looked to Steve.  "Keep the wound cleaned. Tomorrow you'll want to undress it and give it some air.  With your metabolism it should be healed by the end of the week." He turned back around to face Tony and pointed at him. "No biting it till then, okay? Else you'll risk infection."
Tony gave himself a shake.  "Yeah, we'll check out the Statue of Liberty and go collar-shopping.  The tabloids can make what they like of that," said Tony. He forced himself to focus on the positive side of things.  "...can you imagine all the headlines? They'll talk about us going to this conference and they'll think I've finally tamed you... and then they'll go batshit again when they realize it was just us stirring up more trouble.  Dad'd be proud."
Tony nodded, trying to look interested instead of disgusted.
"--that's good.  Just like that. Now the next time you feel a contraction, I want you to push, okay?  One big, nice push for me."
"Jarvis!" she called out. "Jarvis, get here now! There's a thief in Tony's bedroom?"
"Very impressive," Steve hummed. He walked over to kiss Tony's temple with a smile. He stared down at himself, still in his exercise gear. "I need to go shower," he said, squeezing Tony's side gently. Steve's smile turned a tad suggestive. "Wanna join me?"
Over in Piper's little group of friends, there was a bunch of giggly laughter.  Without any Alphas around, everyone in the room seemed to have loosened up considerably.  There were definite cliques, though; Joan and Maria seemed wary of Hal and Lola. The omegas with stricter, more conservative Alphas maintained their distance from those with more forward-thinking Alphas, and there was a large group of very young omegas who seemed to be friends simply based on their age.  However, everyone seemed friendly with everyone else... with one exception. There was a young man standing in the corner sipping a drinking and holding a book in one hand, reading it, and everyone was ignoring him. Steve recognized him as Rex.
"Only when I'm on fire," said Tony.
hadn't done that. So what was Tony's problem? Maybe he'd thought Steve was above all this. Maybe he'd thought Steve was better.
"Two, sir."
me, Mr. Stark?"
"How long do you need?" asked the director, turning to the three scientists.
"Oh, thank Tesla..." he breathed, wrapping his arms around Steve and hugging him.  He let out a chuckle.  All that stress for nothing.  Natasha's fault, getting them all worked up like that.  "I told you, didn't I?  ...the media would kill me if I knocked up Captain America... I told you... geez..."  Tony pulled away to give his arc reactor a few whacks.  His heart was running.  He couldn't believe how convinced he'd been, for a split second, that they might actually be pregnant.
"But you guys bond the same way, right?"
"Sure did.  One of my better pieces, if I do say so myself.  Give him a spin, Piper."
Donner swayed for a moment, then walked toward the door.
"Don't put words in my mouth, Tony," said Rhodes, not letting Tony rile him up.  "You're not thinking clearly right now because your bond was threatened.  But Steve came back to you, didn't he?  He's upstairs now, waiting for you.  He wants you.  You put a claim on him.  Go up there and deal with this."
Gideon paused languidly and Steve thought he could hear the ocean in the background.  Gideon sounded like he was somewhere considerably nicer than Alabama.
"You're awake.  Hey.  How are you doing?" asked Pepper gently.  Tony stared right through her without answering.  "Tony?"  Pepper reached out tentatively and tried to get him to look at her.  "...Tony?"
insane. But if he wasn't ready to commit to Tony now then when would be he? He swallowed and dragged this thumb away from Tony's mouth and along the curve of his jaw. "I'm here, and unless you want me gone, I'm not going anywhere. I want to prove I mean that.  And-" He hesitated. "It wouldn't mean that you have to forgive me, or anything. I don't mean it like that. This would be because
No heats. No problem. Right? Fuck having children; Steve couldn't do this to Bucky two times a--
"...and so he finally came back to bed, but I guess it's just... hard, you know, when he goes to sleep on the couch every post-heat.  I know he needs space but I feel like... like, impotent, almost. Like I'm not doing enough for him," one of the men was finishing.
Beth's mouth fell open.  "Excuse me?!
Pepper swatted Tony away; he'd sidled up to her, grinning ear-to-ear.
Perhaps one reason he'd always steered clear of omegas and of bonding was because he found the obsequious behavior of omegas to be a massive turn-off.  But Steve acted perfectly normal.  Steve was a person first and an omega second, and Tony liked people with a bit of spark to them.  (Case in point: Pepper.)  He knew that, if he ever asked Steve to do something awful, Steve would have no trouble saying no to him.
Steve almost felt like crying. The moment was something precious, irreplaceable. He didn't think he'd seen Clint so happy before. His heart ached in his chest, but in a good way. And when Tony's fingers threaded into his own he squeezed lightly.
"--they let in omegas, but only if they're bonded and collared.  So unless Steve wants to throw a chain around his neck, they won't let him in, and there's no way you're going, Tony, because it would absolutely destroy your public image."
Pepper held out her phone to Aria.  The usual news sources, like AP and Huffington, had pictures of Tony and Steve embracing, kissing tenderly, balloons and streamers dropping around them.  But that wasn't what she was panicking about.
Tony was practically scaling Steve.  "Right. Safe," he agreed, clinging to his omega.  He nuzzled Steve's hair. "Safe omega. Good omega."
"Steve?  ...we're gonna do great," said Tony with uncharacteristic seriousness.  He sounded like he was reassuring Steve, even though Steve hadn't said anything.
. Can you imagine how you'd feel if you hadn't been in the workshop for over half a year? You'd be losing it Tony. Well, I
well Steve did too.  Like most omegas, he was attracted to Alphas, regardless of their sex. "I suppose I can nap once I'm at Clint's," he said, his resolve crumbling. If Steve was going to bother to catch a jet somewhere he was going to stay for at least a day to make the journey worth it.
Emily stared at him, wide-eyed.  She was pretty sure he had just said a bad word.
His stomach turned.
Gideon sighed deeply.  "I didn't think you'd cooperate.  But if you insist we will do this the hard way.  You're going into heat and you're on enough muscle relaxants to bring down a bull moose, Steven.  You're helpless. I'm very generously willing to let you off lightly if you'd only cooperate with me."  He scruffed the back of Steve's shirt and pulling him up; Steve was as floppy as a rag doll. "I would rather do this now, Steven.  While you're in pre-heat. But if you want to want until you're in full heat, I'm a patient man."
"Yeah!" he exclaimed to no one in particular.
you.  I dare you to
Across the room, someone dropped a glass.  There was a shattering sound followed by laughter.
In his pocket, Steve's phone was chirping over and over as he received texts.  No doubt from Natasha.
sex!"
James was looking worried and he was frowning, as if his pancakes were supposedly the cause of this.
Tony was trying to hold his shit together, but he was panicking, not sure of what Steve was going on about.  The plane crash? A memory from the war? Or... something more recent? Yemen? Tony's breathing was fast and shallow with the fear that he was causing this, somehow, and with the guilt of being unable to alleviate it.
Captain America."
"Hey, I won't tell," said Sam with a smile.  "Come on.  When you're ready we can go see him.  Nat took him to the cafeteria."
"I'm here," Steve murmured, a hand on Tony's chest. He stayed close to him throughout it, whispering soft comforts and reassurances as Tony chanted numbers beside him. It was nothing he hadn't seen before but it was still alarming when it was his
Omega Rising is an adapted roleplay between a 21-yr-old college student from the UK and a 30-yr-old writer from Los Angeles.  This is part 4, which covers the summer of 2011 in the MCU.
itty-bitty hiccup.  But I'm sure I can correct that.  I mean, it's really promising."
"If you'd shut up, we could probably hear it better," said Phil, with his usual friendly passive-aggressive tone.  Tony frowned but shut up.  He didn't want to miss anything.
The crowd awwed when Steve turned around to fix Tony's hair for him with gentle movements of his fingers. "That's better," he murmured, so soft only Tony could really hear him before he let himself get sucked back into the discussion again.
Fuck.
"And I don't blame you for what's in the simulation. It's not all you, Tony; they put ideas in your head and direct your subconscious in the right direction. There's a reason it goes straight to a battle of some kind for every one." Steve's voice was still soft, cautious almost. He was keeping his gaze fixed on the road.
"I want you to stop touching me," Steve managed to grit out. It was confusing. It felt nice. And he liked it. Steve wanted to lean into the touch, wanted to nose against Brock's neck. But it wasn't right. He wasn't Tony. He was just the closest Alpha to him and he was speaking softly and kept touching him. Steve's breathing was a little elevated and he was stressed.
"What's up?" George pressed.
"That's
"Rogers.  Don't forget your pills," groaned Phil from inside his little sanctuary.  Tony could tell his teeth were clenched against the pain. How the hell did omegas do this every six months, he wondered.  Even if it only lasted a few days, it was still awful.
Tony couldn't smell very well in the helmet and he was thanking his lucky stars for that, because he could see, in the gleam of the fluorescent lights, that Steve was already sweating, and he could feel Steve's emotions, the bubbling desire, the desperation.
from me.  I would
"Okay," Steve whispered, feeling almost giddy. He didn't want to hide anything- mostly because there was nothing that warranted hiding. He was proud of Tony, not ashamed of him. And if he was bonded it was no one else's business, sure, but it also wasn't a secret.
"We kissed once," said Steve.
"We could breed him," suggested the younger man.
She stood back to inspect him with her hands on her hips. "Perfect," Aria beamed, and took his arm. Then her face got more serious. "Hey, it's... it's good to have you home, Steve."
Steve distinctly remembered walking out after that meeting and finding Peggy shaking her head slowly at him.
"Oh my God, could this
Tony perpetually dated women much, much younger than him, and many were athletes or models with ridiculous work-out schedules and dietary restrictions.  Steve took the cake, though. The guy was... well, perfect. That's what Dad had always said, and Tony begrudgingly recognized that his father was correct.  Steve was, physically, perfect. He was like a hummingbird, in constant motion and constantly eating to keep up with his metabolism. Tony was only forty but sometimes, Steve made him feel old.  Which was even more ridiculous when you considered that Steve had been born before "The Simpsons," before credit cards, before the moon landing, before the Statue of Liberty had turned green... Steve was a century old.  Steve was the oldest person Tony had ever been with.
"...that I need a drink.  ...that Natasha looks hot when she's angry.  ...that it's funny that the thermal conductivity of silver is 420.  ...that I feel like I could probably apply the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality principle to my trio with Steve and Bucky.  ...that Bucky is a stupid name. ...that if the construction process of a Prius began with the frame and has the individual components fabricated individually onto the substrate and then integrated, it would be a
"...no, Tony," said Pepper softly, climbing onto the bed on her knees and hugging Tony's head.  Tony leaned his head onto his chest, shivering violently; when she looked down, she could see the large, raised scar on his neck through his hackles, which were still spiked up in alarm.  "You'd know if he was.  You'd feel the bond break.  He's not dead.  ...but you need to make sure he's okay," she reiterated after a moment of rocking him.
"Are they orchids?"
A pause.  "...and... the boy?"
"If I don't go outside I'm going to throw up. I'll be back in a few minutes. If I go crazy, you have permission to shoot me," Steve breathed and then pulled out of his grip before stepping out. Mac let him go. Steve went down a few rows of steps and then sat down on the tiled patio overlooking the Pacific, the music a dull thud in the background. If he had to listen to one more reporter ask him what it was like to date Tony Stark, or how he dealt with being an omega in the workplace… he was going to goddamn
"We're all responsible for each other," Steve murmured, gently brushing Tony's hair back from his forehead. "And you're my cousin. I went under for 70 years. I don't have any family left. It's nice to think that...that I actually do, you know?"
"Talk to me," he murmured. "Whatever it is. You can tell me. I love you now and I'll love you after."
on me," he accused. "Does a mission only count if you're putting your life on the line?  Is that it? You fought in World War Two, Steve. You earned a break. You don't have to keep throwing yourself on the front lines."
"Sitwell doesn't know anything," said Phil.
kind of die for America during the war. I served my country and I went through shit and I saw hell and none of them even cared, just because of my status none of them even respected me for it. It was really hard."
"We both know if I made these, they would suck," said Tony, looking down at them.  "Pepper made them.  ...only the finest for you, Steve."  He walked over and placed the tray in front of Steve, nudging a glass of orange juice toward him.  "I did, however, pour this for you all by myself."  He paused.  "There's a huge mess in the kitchen.  Apparently I opened it wrong.  But hey!  Progress!"  He offered Steve a hopeful smile.
"Well, she hasn't got an Alpha, if that's what you mean," said George.  "I'm afraid she was bonded during her last heat by some boy at her current school.  But she's really a model omega, and even though she's already marked, she'd be an excellent addition to any household."
Natasha swore and hit the trigger, not willing to waste precious seconds.  Bucky's body immediately convulsed; since he was in contact with Steve, so did Steve, but that was unavoidable collateral damage and Natasha trusted that once they got Steve to the safety of the jet, he'd be okay.  He healed fast; it was most important just to get him out of here.
He dropped his phone on the bed and stood, hovering by the bedside as he steeled himself.
"Ishrad got me through that dinner," Steve breathed. "She was a godsend. Really. And Danielle seems...cool. Her and Banksy are good friends I think. Hopefully I'll see him around too."  He looked up at her curiously. "So did you...ever give Danielle a call?"
The rest of the day mostly involved them fussing over Tony. They took an x-ray of his foot, with Steve on stand-by, and then fixed it up properly. It had been a very bad sprain but fortunately hadn't needed a plaster cast. They put a brace on it to help it stay in place while it healed and gave Tony crutches which they
God, his head, though.  He'd discarded his mask, unable to breathe through it because it kept pooling with blood.  They'd set up a blockade, but he didn't know what sort of vehicle they'd taken.  No matter.  He would smell him out.  He knew what the blond smelled like.  His smell was unusually strong and imminently recognizable.
he felt like he ought to get a hold of himself.  That he was acting crazy and embarrassing himself.  But he'd never felt this before and he was desperate,
He rinsed himself off and stepped out, giving himself a shake.  He paused in front of the mirror.  Tony's bathroom was enormous; the marble counter had a massive mirror over it, which was currently completely fogged up.  Tony scribbled a heart and wrote inside it:
Tony was trying to find a way not to let this bother him.  But of course it bothered him.  This was one of the things he'd been most afraid of- another Alpha, encroaching on his territory.  Even though he desperately wanted to follow Steve's advice, say
But he remembered, longingly, how Steve had swept him up and carried him to bed at his birthday.  Had it only been yesterday?  It seemed like an eternity ago.
No, Bucky...the Bucky he knew would have never done that.
There was so much more he wanted to say.  That his "first" and "third" Alpha were the same person.  That his first Alpha had
deserved a support group, not him.
"It's hard."
"...most of those omegas are better off now than they were," replied Frond.
Someone shot, but it wasn't Pietro.
Steve curled around Tony, running a hand through his hair until he fell asleep. Least he could be here for him like this, even if he couldn't make anything better really. It didn't take him long to drift off after Tony. He dreamed of the war, of distant gunfire and explosions- but nothing that distressed him especially. It was nothing new. Steve woke up a few times in the night, but not in a cold sweat or anything like that.
Laughing, Pitbull's crew tugged him away, and several omegas grabbed Tony to separate them.  Tony's hackles were spiked and wouldn't go down; he was too wound up.
"Hello, Tony," said Stone coldly.
"Yes Nat," Steve sighed from where he was draped over his sofa, lazily flicking through to channels. "Only one more day now. I've got this."
"I love you," he mumbled.  He said those words a lot less than Steve did.  They felt foreign in his mouth. But he said them now because he meant them; he felt high from the post-heat rush of hormones.  He kissed Steve's nose again.
like I'm on drugs?" demanded Tony, gesturing to his body.  He stole a glance at the guy on their couch, hoping that he was drinking in the sight.  Granted, the guy on the couch might very well be on "the crack."  He was skinny and looked a bit like a junkie.  Not that Tony would know.  He spent nearly all his time either in the robotics lab or at frat parties.
Steve found himself smiling when Tony's head ended up in his lap and automatically ran his fingers through the man's dark hair. "Hang out?" he echoed, amused. The edges of his smile twitched up into a smirk. "Is
He rose unsteadily.  He hadn't eaten all day and his insides felt empty.  "So I'm done?" he asked groggily.
Tony's skin prickled.  Piper was seventeen? Eric looked like he was in his late thirties.
Maybe it was weird but Steve had kind of come to love boxers. Back in the day underwear hadn't been all that comfortable or practical. But boxers were soft and comfortable and you still didn't have to worry about them showing through your trousers, even with tight jeans. Steve had to do a little wiggle (a move Natasha had taught him for jeans) to get them snug on his hips before he moved onto everything else.
"Your skin is so soft.  Do you moisturize?"
"No, no, he's just got a lot of fans eager to meet him.  I can pen you in for, ah... Tuesday next week at seven or Saturday morning."
Tony jabbed his finger again.  96%.
I've already kind of got enough battery byproducts in my body, though, thanks," said Tony, touching the arc reactor on his chest with a metallic tap.  "So, you want to inject me with lithium and I'm supposed to trust you because you, what, you're connoisseurs of my father's work?  Which explains this fucking Kombayah-singing dream team of Alphas and omegas, all working together in harmony, doesn't it?  Listen, none of you knew my father, but--"
Whilst Tony left him on hold, Steve had rescued his cup of tea with milk and sugar.  He liked how available the stuff was; you could get it anywhere, anytime.  The future was amazing like that.  "I can't believe you put me on hold for that asshole," Steve said, his tone almost teasing. He sipped at his tea and toed off his shoes before he moved to sit down on his couch, knees tucked against his chest.
Tony realized he had frozen and was just standing there with his fingers tangled into Steve's hair.  But even knowing it, he couldn't quite unfreeze, because now he was thinking about his own neck, with its melted blob of scarring that sure as hell didn't look like a normal bonding mark but also was unmistakably a claim to ownership, and he couldn't help but wonder if there was something wrong with him for not fighting harder or healing better...
. I like the good friends you keep company with. I like the cute names for your robots that try and fail to bring you coffee. I like the way your hair looks like Wolverine's in the morning and how you need a shower to calm it back down. I like the way your biceps look in those stupid tanks you wear in the workshop. I like the way you smile. I like the way you're happy even when you're down.  I like the way you smell.  I like how you make me happy."
"Howie!  Heard you were making planes these days!"
"Tony," said Pepper softly.  She placed her hands on Tony's upper arms and looked up at him, gently stroking his arms.  "Tony, you can handle a little bit of change. You have Steve and Steve loves you. You're in a very good, very safe place right now.  And I'm really happy for you. I just want a couple of days off. That's all. Consider it your Christmas present to me. Please?"
Steve say he didn't want it!  Tony had won him, fair and square, and if Steve didn't want it, then why did he
"I had never, ever felt anything like what I felt when you went into heat, Steve," said Tony, still smiling nostalgically.  "I wanted you so bad... you know there's still a dent in his plane from you trying to pull down that door? I was obsessed. I mean, I still am, but-- but before we bonded, all I could think about was you."  He remembered moodily wandering around after Pepper, every third thought about Steve, the way he smelled and moved and spoke and looked. "I dunno what I did to deserve finding you," he said, with uncharacteristic sincerity.  He stretched out to pat Steve's arm.
"Don't think you really need mind control to convince a half-retarded Alpha to take a spade like that to town," said the other mildly.
"Mute!  Damn it, JARVIS, I need to concentrate.  ...CHARLIE!"
look impressed at the idea. Sure, he'd sung on a New Year's...to a room full of drunk people. That was different.
Was this intimacy?  To Tony, sex had always been a contact sport, not something people who were in love did.  Granted, it was a contact sport played with attractive women, but it was nonetheless more of an
"Ellis!  Rodriguez!"  He greeted both the president and the vice-president familiarly, shaking their hands.
Charlie poked her head out of the cockpit.  "Less than an hour, and you don't need to yell."
Bucky reached for it with his good hand to flip it open eagerly.  It was blank. He turned the pages, searching for information. There was none.
The second appointment was boring. That was the only word for it. Steve kept day dreaming in the middle of the therapist's monologues and he couldn't pay attention for more than five minutes at a time. There would be no second appointment with them, either. When Steve was leaving his second appointment and heading into his car a small group of Alphas across the street called him a whore. Or something along those lines. Steve point-blank ignored them and got into his car and drove off. He knew it was about the multiple Alphas and the bonding stuff. He thought about what Brazinski and Brennan had said about him always needing a fight...and he wanted to prove them wrong.
him there," she breathed. "Steve flew himself into the ocean."
Steve's blue eyes darted around wildly. He was vaguely aware of Tony's presence.
Banksy sobbed on the floor, oblivious to either George or Danielle trying to help him up.
Tony let Steve drag him onto the couch; he was feeling irritated that Steve had destroyed the chip because he could have probably traced it back to its source.  But he was also irritated at himself; Rhodes was right.  A bug getting into the house was a huge security no-no.  Tony's mail was always checked before it came in, but of course no one would think of checking the orchids; who would be evil enough to bug a congratulatory bonding symbol?  That was like putting anthrax in baby formula.  It was unthinkable.
"And he didn't try to
Steve frowned and then answered, still holding Tony's hand. "Hello?"
Steve turned and met Tony's uncomfortable gaze. "We need to get that guy's business card."
Steve needed to change the subject. "Do you think that guy who looks like me is Gideon's mate?"
Steve shrugged. "Not that I'm aware of."
"The debriefing is on the jet ride over. They've sent me the files to go over this afternoon. And if you're coming, you really need to sleep Tony. You're tired, I can feel it. And I can't let you out in a fight fatigued; that's a recipe for disaster," Steve said firmly.
Steve looked lost.  As Tony's PA, he hadn't actually needed to do much with Twitter; Tony thoroughly enjoyed Twitter and ran his own account, much to the chagrin of his PR team.
"Golly, why not throw in a slice of white bread for dipping," said Tony sarcastically.  "
"Sir.  Agent Romanov is on line 1."
Tony went for his scotch like a man dying of thirst.
"If you don't get off him in the next five seconds, I'm going to tase you straight to hell," snarled Natasha.
He opened his eyes and stared at a fixed point on the blank wall.
"Tony, why is there a child in our kitchen?" Steve asked, rubbing at his left temple as he stepped up to the counter to find his coffee already made. Huh. He reached out for the mug almost cautiously, still staring at the omega at their stove.
"Elphaba, like the witch from Wicked?" asked Aria, also looking confused.
"Maybe I've said that before.  I dunno.  ...about tomorrow, Cap.  Look.  I want us to be on the same page.  I don't want to hide anything.  If we walk around together, being us, people are going to talk.  I want to just go ahead and quash any rumors right out of the gate.  I want to get up on stage, announce it, and be done with it.  It'll be better than letting everyone say, are they, aren't they, you know?  Are you okay with that?" asked Tony.  He leaned on to Steve's arm, snuggling up to the larger man.  Steve's arms were huge; Tony had never felt self-conscious about his biceps, but Steve was like a bodybuilder and Tony was struck, once again, with how strange it was, this well-muscled omega, this man that smelled so submissive but had such a strong jaw and powerful arms and commanding gaze.  It was at times unnerving.  Tony had seen some of the news in passing.  There was a lot of support: people saying that Steve was brave for coming out as omega, people saying that this was going to help status rights and get omegas more respect than ever before.  But there were also people saying Steve was a freak of nature, and they weren't far off from the truth.  It was his posture, his look... his total lack of submission.  Steve was clearly a confident individual.  Aside from his smell, no one would associate him with omegas.
"THREE..."
"Well, I can't say unless Donner gives his permission," Gleason said. A pregnant pause followed. "Does he...er...give his permission?" the doctor tried to awkwardly prompt.
"Now is not the time," Fury snapped as he kicked the fire escape door open. Steve had to admit he was right. HYDRA were breaking into the corridor, it was time to go.
At the invitation, Nate did take a peek. "Huh." He blinked.
. Steve's smugness had put him in a cheeky mood.
Tony smiled at Steve when he put on the sunglasses and righted himself, treading water, tried to twist off the bottle cap, then, realizing it wasn't twist-off, made an annoyed little scoff.
Steve sighed in relief and slumped into a barstool chair. "Thank God."
Tony remembered when
"It's not about
"Sure," hummed Banksy.
"Morning, boss," she said.
Steve's breath hitched. But he didn't think- he couldn't think. He just moved. Before Steve knew what he was doing he was kneeling, back soldier straight and posture perfect. He ducked his head down slightly, gaze on the floor as he clasped his hands behind his back neatly. He was Captain America. But here he was, kneeling for Tony Stark because he'd asked him to. He didn't say anything. He didn't need to. His actions spoke louder than words ever could.
"Richard's great," said Tony.
"Oh my God," Steve hummed and shook his head. "It's
"Calm yourself, soldier," warned Karpov; they were striding through the large hangar; people were pouring out en masse.
"You're thanking me now, Ty. But you're probably gonna have to hear some stuff you don't want to. Or see something awkward, so...I'm sorry about that," Steve mumbled. "I hope we can still look each other in the eye after all this."
Aria blinked in surprise.  Clearly, she didn't know the words herself.
Steve smiled faintly, his face looking too pale. "He'll always love you more," he whispered.
They walked back to the office and Steve didn't let go of Tony's hand the entire time. It had been an intense afternoon, he guessed. But there was never really a moment in the office that wasn't intense. At least when Steve went around. The testimonies they'd collected so far had been harrowing and gut wrenching. Once Ian had even started crying and had to excuse himself to the bathroom for twenty minutes.
"See, this button flips the screen," he explained to Peggy.
"Yours." Steve affirmed gently, running a hand through Tony's hair. He rested his head atop of Tony's and closed his eyes, sighing in relief as he felt the tension easing out of his Alpha. He squeezed the other's shoulders gently, wishing so badly that he could just make Tony feel better. But the whole point of this was that it was irrational, that was why it happened in the first place. "I love you Tony. And I'm not going anywhere."
"Let her go!" screamed Pietro.
," Steve admitted with a small blush, his cheeks turning a tinge pink. It was the truth. He was done with lying to Tony. He just hoped his inexperience didn't put the other off. Steve had had opportunities, of course he had... and if it wasn't for Bucky he wouldn't be a virgin anymore and certainly not out of choice. Bucky had kept him safe from everything.
"And in the twenties, we all danced better than this," Steve said, evidently teasing, his blue eyes glinting with something akin to mischief.  Before the serum Steve had gotten too breathless to ever dance for long. Now he could go for hours.
He gave the egg a third whack and it broke into several pieces, covering his hand in sticky yolk and albumen.
-f-fuck..." he stuttered breathlessly, his blue eyes glazed over in both lust and wonder. Steve had no idea it could even be this good. He didn't even know sex could be like this. Maybe he would have done it sooner if he had- but Steve was glad he waited for this. For Tony.
More confusion.  "...what, your Alpha?"
"We're both sort of shitty at this, to be honest.  Yeah. Yeah, you should probably... check that out.  And maybe talk about your jealousy deal. I won't bring home any girls, Steve. I promise you that. But I wanna be able to flirt. I just like the attention of beautiful women... is that so bad?"  He paused. "...why would Bucky... do that? What did you do?" Tony couldn't imagine Steve, pre-serum, doing anything that would warrant punishment. He got the impression that the serum had given Steve the confidence he needed to be as uppity as he was.
"Pretty sure you had jeans in the '40s."
Steve slowly turned over his shoulder to look. The men were dressed in dark colors; the one on the right had a poorly concealed weapon on him. Well, shit. Steve immediately moved to a cupboard, opening it and prising a knife away from where he'd fixed it to the wood in case of an emergency.
?" Steve asked, low a low rumble. This was always something him and Tony would have that was just for each other. How could he feel like a weak Alpha when he took Captain America's virginity? It was time Steve reminded him of that.
"Mr. Stark.  You're working yourself up."
Well, how about that.  He couldn't recall it.
"There have been no noticeable increase in the import of palladium, sir."
He swam up to the side of the pool and rested his head on his forearms, watching Tony's brows knit together as he read over the pamphlet. "I think you should try it," Steve said. "It will be good to talk to other Aces in similar situations. They'll understand better than anyone else, Tony."
Goddammit.
"But if you find him that could still happen," Clint pointed out. "SHIELD would want to be involved and SHIELD isn't clean. And they might try and charge him, for all the shits he's done...whether it's really his fault or not. Yemen made them look bad. Imagine how great it would be for them to be able to say they caught the guy who force bonded Cap."
"Yes," Steve replied, without blinking, his face totally unreadable. "I understand."
Of course, following March was what Tony glibly called his "Afghanistanniversary," which came with its own set of neuroses.  Pepper had been trying to convince Tony not to throw his usual party, but he had thrown one in 2009 and 2010 and he was damned if he was going to end the traditional now.  Steve hadn't yet been present for that, coming to Tony in early May, just before his birthday. Although Tony liked celebrating the day of his escape, it also dredged up a lot of terrible memories.  The 2010 party, just before Steve had appeared on the scene, had ended with a massive orgy and then a lot of crying from both the girls (when Tony had Pepper escort them out) and Tony (who was high on God-knows-what and didn't remember most of it, instead reading all about the orgy in the tabloids the next day while battling a terrible hangover).
. And as long as you're there next to me, then I think I'll be okay. Just never leave alone with any of the Alphas, right? I don't want to break any more noses.  Because if someone thinks they can grope Captain America they've got another thing coming. I think if I let that happen Dum-Dum would turn over in his grave."
"No he doesn't!" yelled Tony, rattling the door harder.
"No, you're not," said Pepper.
"Well, you're welcome here anytime Ste--"
Tony looked over at Steve pointedly.  Steve had stopped running around. "Steve," said Tony quietly.  "I think you should call Team Foxtrot down here." He couldn't quite read or feel Steve's emotions, but he was prepared to grab Steve if Steve had a freak-out, which seemed likely.
they gave you the serum was because they saw something in your that none of their Alpha army pukes had.  They wanted someone who embodied a bunch of moral ideals and that's you. You're the most obnoxiously righteous person on the planet.  That's all Steve Rogers. Not the serum." He gave Steve's hand a squeeze before reaching over to flip Steve's sketchbook closed.
"--I h-hope I feeling better-- better by the time-- time Gideon gets here," he said into the bowl.  "---I shouldn't have had-- had that cake."
taste funny. He finished the bottle of water and then dropped it with a crinkle.
JARVIS let him through and he stepped into the lab, setting the pizza down on a workbench as he scoured the chaos for his mate. "Tony?"
"It's okay. I get it.  But," Steve sighed, "I know Tony is really great at acting like he doesn't give a shit but he does. It's your choice whether he knows about your family or not but...you know, if you leave it for years, he will be pretty hurt over it. He'll pretend he isn't, but he will be."
Steve sighed. He hoped that they filmed the auction later. He'd like what he had planned to be photographed, or filmed, or at least preserved in some way. He wanted proof that they'd done some good here. He didn't want it to look like they were being polite or playing along for the whole thing. It felt too...complicit.  He wanted the world to see and understand that, if Steve Rogers ever appeared complicit, it was only part of a greater ruse.
"Can you take me down to the pen when you're dressed?" Steve asked. "Are you...feeling any better?" Steve could never be sure with Tony's hangovers; they were unpredictable.
"Hang on." Steve stopped at the bottom of the stairway and made Tony pull on his hand. "Seriously.  Natasha mentioned the psychological warfare stuff before.  Were you listening in on our conversation?  Answer the question, Stark."
"I'm sure he'll understand, sir."
"Hello there, Captain," he said, pulling up a chair.  "...how are you today?"
Steve woke lying on the floor.  Surprisingly, the floor was carpeted.  The room he was in had no windows and was lit with a soft, dim lamp.  It had the vibe of a therapy office and it was actually warm and pleasant.
He shivered when Tony's fingers trailed down the curve of his spine.
Maybe he was over-reacting.
"Here," Happy said quietly as he pulled into the drive of their home.
"I hear you're a man who's good at poker.  Will I be seeing you tonight? I happen to be excellent at it, myself."
"...I don't get how the hell he's managed to bite you
Tony's touch was grounding. Steve let himself be pulled along, ignoring the camera. They were in a pub for godsake; couldn't people just leave them alone?
"What's a krollik?" asked Tony.
He blinked sleepily and looked around, trying to figure out what the hell was going on.
?" he asked. He seemed to be speaking to Steve.
"It's because of my line of work. It doesn't...mean anything..." Steve let out a quiet sound of approval as Tony's fingers rubbed shampoo onto his scalp. He was still too good with his hands. He blushed at the compliment, but the steam from the shower meant his skin already had a pink tinge to it. He whined low in his throat and quiet as Tony massaged at his shoulders, easing away all the stress after talking about Fury.
Steve shuddered as Tony's hot breath ghosted over his neck and whined as two fingers pressed inside of him, his body accepting them easily and eagerly. This was the first time Tony had done this, Steve realised slowly as he rocked his hips down in small circles encouraging him in deeper.
into the family. Yeah, what happened to Trickshot was fucked up. But that's far
He should know what to do.  How to complete his objective.
"I don't mean about that. I mean about
a serum and he's practically lobotomized."
He took a deep drag from his cigarette, leaning over the railing and staring out onto the sea.  Every time he inhaled smoke, the back of his neck prickled a little. He kept rubbing it, not sure why it was doing that.
Tony was probably like a two or three on his own scale.
"So you're saying the ends justify the means?  That the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few?  Those are all lines I used to use," interrupted Tony.
Tony flipped open the itinerary.  As long as they were in New York for a week, Pepper had crammed in a few tourist trips for Tony and Steve, plus a couple of board and shareholder meetings for Tony.  She also wanted to meet with some contractors about a new building she was planning. The central seat of Stark Industries was technically in New York, but the Los Angeles building had been catching up... that is, until it had been partially destroyed in 2008 by Tony and Obadiah.  Although they were rebuilding, Pepper had decided they might as well expand the New York location as well, and had an idea for a tower that would include both business and R&D offices, and be entirely self-sustaining. Tony had begrudgingly agreed to support her on the project but as far as anyone could tell, it mostly involved him signing off on things and not really helping whatsoever.
Fury kicked back and managed to catch the Winter Soldier between the legs.  He flinched, his body curling with the pain, but his grip never loosened, and aside from another small, involuntary grunt, he made virtually no sound.
The soldier held his prize by back of his neck, gripping as hard as he could short of crushing the other's neck, pressing him into the snow.  The omega squirmed beneath him.
"Naturally," said Lydia breezily.  "But our collars are the best. Hands-down.  By all means, compare and see for yourself."
Like Steve hadn't been... he shuddered a little at the thought.
"Can I have a scotch, neat?  Make it a triple, actually. Oh, do you guys still have crème brûlée?  ...they have the best crème brûlée here."
"I'm getting you in a lot of trouble," Donner whispered.
before and he'll get annoyed if you walk around without an Alpha? You know how crazy that sounds, right?" Steve sighed. He wasn't getting anywhere like this. "Look, if you can fight already then great. You can show me what you got."
And they were speaking in Russian.
"...where the heck is he?" asked Tony curiously.
Whoever she was, she was a rival.
Pepper had eyed him, up and down.  She knew perfectly well how Tony felt about kids.  He wouldn't date women with kids; that was one of his only deal-breakers.
Steve took the water and opened it, drinking it greedily. "I like proving points. You know that. It's my thing," he pointed out and then he put the phone to his ear. "Besides, now everyone knows we went collar shopping. Gotta have a reason for--"
Bucky's head was swimming; when he managed to open his eyes, they were gone.
"He didn't say anything significant. Just that I was his. That he was...coming, or something? It's hard to get actual words and not just meanings."
Steve found him like that when he got home, which was around one in the morning. "Up you get," he murmured, mostly to himself and moved to pick Tony up. He glanced over the pictures beneath him briefly but he didn't want to snoop. Steve spotted a lot of Howard, a few of Maria... and that was it. Carefully, he carried Tony upstairs and tucked him into bed. He pulled off his trousers so it would be more comfortable for him to sleep but didn't bother trying to change his shirt.  The arc reactor was glowing steadily underneath it. Tony didn't look great but Steve couldn't tell how much he'd drunk. His forehead felt a little clammy but his temperature wasn't raised. Steve sighed to himself.
Bucky perked up.  "I have many questions."
"I don't understand.  Why do men need a separate--"
He successfully hit a nerve.
He turned and left without another word.  Natasha and Coulson watched him go, then exchanged a look.  The unfortunate truth is that the Avengers Initiative had been under a lot of scrutiny ever since Clint had gone to assassinate Natasha and come back with her.  It had looked bad for them.  People questioned how effective an integrated team would be, when push came to shove. Having two pair-bonds within the team looked even worse.  There was no denying that.
"A lot of those omegas are wasting their potential.  They could be engineers or teachers or something," he said, defensively, even as he copied Frond's touch on his neck, trying to pinpoint the elusive and secret area where the scent glands were.
He ignored his bond-feelings on the plane ride.  By the time they landed he was feeling pretty numb.
"You okay?" asked Sam.
A major silver lining to all this is that, whatever "big surprise" Hammer had, it was about to be completely and totally overshadowed.  Ha.  That would show the smug little prick.
"Who is letting all these people in? demanded Dr. McCloud irritably.
"They're awful," Arcadia pulled a face as she reached over to pick at the canopies.
Reminder that you have probably less than a month to subject naming ideas for parts 1-4 to win goodies.  Thanks to all of our fans for staying with us through this behemoth of a story.  We know it's long but we hope we make it worth every second of your time!
"Hey, JARVIS, where's Steve?  I wanna brag about the amazing Spider-man trap I'm setting," he called.
"I know.  Thanks," said Steve, who felt strangely flattered by this observation.
Aside from a single interviewer who had seen him a few days after Tony had kicked him out, no one else had heard a peep from Steve Rogers.
"--we bonded that year.  I did not want to be bonded to a man who was fifty years old, but I was told I did not have a choice.  We had a small ceremony and when he-- he bit me, I cried. I felt like my life was ending. His son was actually a couple of years older than me, nineteen at the time, I think, and joining the household was very lonely and isolating.  Only Boz ever talked to me; Ryan ignored me and I knew no one. Because I am an omega, I was only spoken to by Boswell's friends to be given drink orders."
that guy!  Put him through!"
Steve sighed and looked up at the view, steepling his fingers under his chin, still struggling to blink back tears. "...Can I have a hug?"
Steve was accidentally, unconsciously submitting.
"Can we see that final clip again?  Put that up for us, Randy..."
"I don't think I was really concerned about how my actions would affect myself at the time, else I wouldn't have done it," Steve pointed out quietly.
"He's nothing like Clint," Steve hummed, gaze flitting over to Tony and the team around him until they stepped out of the room.
"Stark, so help me God--"
"The past's in the past," said Tony wisely.  "Steve's been going a good job of getting caught up..."  He reached up to brush a lock of hair away from Steve's face.
He clicked it.  Nothing happened.
"You know, this house really isn't exactly baby-safe..." said Tony, hoping to get Jeff and Brent to take their potato-trolls elsewhere.
There was a flash of silver.
Steve sat cross-legged in the dirt, hands in his lap, looking serious. At least most of the kids were fascinated by him, so they listened. But he was still 'just' an omega, as Edgar kept grumbling to himself.
"Fine, we'll do it. Fine! Just send me the address."
"Yes. I was-"
And it
Outside it was freezing cold and snowing lightly.  The roof should have been abandoned, at such a dark, early hour and in such weather.  But there was a single line of footsteps in the snow, fresh, the drag of the heels indicating that whoever had made them had been running.
Tony kissed the back of his neck.
Tony couldn't believe what he was hearing.
When Tony tugged on the collar it tightened around Steve's neck and he felt a tremor up his spine as his Alpha moved him to where he wanted him to be. The position came naturally. This was how it was supposed to be; with Steve on his hands and knees for him, ready and waiting. Then he felt Tony's warm and presence behind him and--
No wonder he was experiencing shell-shock.
"There's a lot of things I should Google," Steve pointed out as he got into passenger seat as Tony did the driver’s. He would have to drive the bike back separately after this to make sure it got home. For some reason he didn't like the thought of it out in a SHIELD base. "They just wanted me to come in about the Winter Soldier, remember? I don't know why they asked for you, too, but they did." Steve hoped it wouldn't be with Fury. He had an awful feeling the director might use this to try and undermine their relationship. Or something. He didn't know.
On the inside of the collar there were only three symbols. A mathematical equation, Tony's primary language and the easiest way for him to express himself.
"I can't wait," Steve said and smiled in return, but it didn't quite meet his eyes. He stood and leant down to kiss her cheek and say goodnight before he pulled away. He grabbed his rucksack on his way out and pulled the hood of his coat up against the London wind as he stepped outside.
"They didn't mention that in the report."
His hands fisted in the sheets as he slowly moved his hips back and up, taking Tony in until he eventually bottomed out.
"You did.  Congratulations, Stark.  And welcome to SHIELD," said Fury, holding out one gloved hand
, not sass.  Is this your new thing?  Make everything into a goddamn omega rights issue?  Make me the bad guy 'cause I was born Alpha, 'cause I happened to get lucky?  ...thanks for that, Steve."
"Jeanette, get Stark a--"  From behind him, someone popped a bright red Santa hat on him.  Boswell heaved a sigh. "--I'm not wearing the hat."
me," Steve said calmly.
Still, Steve arrived to work on time with both Pepper and Tony’s coffees in hand.  He gave Pepper’s hers first before heading up to Tony’s office.  He sighed, steeling himself before he knocked on the office door and stepped inside.
"Which bond was a mistake, Steve?" replied Tony, softly, words slurring a little.  "The bond with him? Or with me?"
Sam caught Steve's eye and shook his head with an amused expression.  Despite their bickering and despite everyone's reservations about Tony, they were getting along about as well as could be expected, considering Tony's personality.  Steve knew that everyone was probably giving him a break because Steve vouched for him.  But Natasha was definitely thawing.  At least, as much as she ever did.
Anyway, sleeping (or passing out, whatever) for twelve hours had made him feel a lot calmer.  Or at least groggy. Grog, calm, same difference.
Donner looked over at Rhodey.
Steve half-slept through the drive back and stumbled when they got out of the car. It felt good to see the house though, to just be
Bucky took a hint and looked out the window.  His expression was blank.  As if this new century and all its wonders didn't fascinate him in the slightest.  The old Bucky would have had eyes like dinner plates.
Steve and Natasha were still talking; Tony was flicking through files on his computer as quickly as JARVIS could provide them, trying to get more information.  The Barnes brats, as Tony thought of them, were named George and Susan.  Boring, common names for boring, common people.  Probably not HYDRA plants.  Tony was disappointed; he'd thought for a moment that he had single-handedly solved the mystery of Steve's strange feeling of connection to the Winter Soldier, an assassin he'd never even met, and the reason why Steve associated his smell with that of his first mate's.
Danielle and Banksy were both offering him cards.  Banksy was offering him, specifically, one card, and it had his personal number on it.  Danielle was offering him four cards, one for herself and three others for members of the SA: Remi St. Laurent, Tiberius Stone, and Wendy Germaine.
"...I smelled Tony."
Steve curled his arms around Tony's shoulders comfortably. He always liked it when Tony put his hands on his waist, the touch was warm and firm. And his waist was still small, trim, 'omega-like'. It meant his shoulder-to-waist ratio was insane. Steve ducked down and nudged their noses together, a small tugging lazily at his lips. He hadn't slept much during the flight, but the serum would easily keep him going until the early hours of the morning.
"Ready when you are," said Tony, putting his face plate back on.
Steve nodded, carding his fingers through Tony's hair as Maria injected into his arm.
"And who says I'm giving you a blow job, huh Tony?" It was a feat in itself that Steve managed to say the phrase and his cheeks not turn a tinge darker. He was already getting excited himself, seeing Tony like this and the hype from the interview...  "I want you inside of me," Steve murmured, voice low in Tony's ear.
His hands were shaking, his knees were weak.  He felt himself sliding down to the floor like a raindrop; a moment later he was curled on the floor of the phone booth, arms wrapped around his knees, shaking violently.  He let out a small, weak keening sound.
"No one knows what he is.  He speaks both," said Rhodes.
Tony was still gazing lovingly at Steve when he smelled him: another Alpha.
Tony quietly puttered around the bedroom, packing their things.  He wanted to get Bennett's card and fucking leave. This place was toxic and he felt dirty for coming here, for making friends with these sick Alphas and learning how to manipulate omegas with their scent glands and betting on people like they were property.  It disgusted him and he wanted to go home to Malibu and take a shower, get the dirt of this awful place off him.
"Nope."
The crowd were cheering loudly, there was so much noise the air practically shook with it.
"Steve," he whispered longingly, reaching out to grab the blond's hips and wriggle into him.  He didn't know how it was for omegas-- no knot-- but for him, it was hard not to cum immediately once he'd gotten the knot into Steve.  "Wanna cum.  ...
"Please," Steve hummed and then stopped when he saw Phil's creation. His eyes widened.
She took a deep, steadying breath.  It was over, now.  If they could just get through the rest of the day without Tony causing any more drama, then they would be fine.
