“He didn’t laugh at all. I thought he would, like they always do, you know, when we say things like that. But he didn’t. And he said that if I was interested, he could tell me stories, such stories! About cases he’s worked, and what it’s really like in a morgue, and oh, just all sorts of things, and we just talked and talked and talked, and . . .” She giggled a little. “I said I might steal some of his stories and turn them into fiction. And I kind of meant it as a joke, but you know what he said?”
Sherlock hands were running down John’s firm back and slipping under the elastic of his boxers. To encourage him, John hooked a finger under Sherlock’s pajama bottoms, catching the underpants below. Their eyes met. Unspoken agreement passed between them. Sherlock lifted his hips, and they were off, the pair of them; within seconds, nothing separated them, not clothes, not time, not space. They moved into oneness.
“Do we really have to kill a man?” John had asked, the night before, when they were running through scenarios and coming up with game plans. He was a soldier, yes, and he knew that in battle there was sometimes an imperative to kill or be killed. But though he had taken lives before, he took no pleasure in it, and never had. Besides, he had always thought of himself as a doctor first, and it was that instinct—to save a life—to which he felt most beholden.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow but refrained from mentioning the mirror. He didn’t entirely trust Dr. Stapleton. Her motives, not her science.
So. John was observably gay.
Sherlock sat at the kitchen table with the daily paper, sipping the morning brew and eating a bit of toast. John strode into the room, bleary-eyed from a night without sleep but still keyed-up. Without preamble, he slapped the notepad down in front of him, enforcing precedent over the London news.
“They brought it up.”
“All right, enough.” He stood abruptly and shoved the man backwards just as the bus rolled to the next stop on a busy corner. “You wanna get off? Go fuck each other.” Then he jumped onto the sidewalk and without a backward glance marched straight into the crowd of shoppers and pedestrians.
He shifted to better face Sherlock now. The white sheets were twisted about his naked body like the marble sculpture of a Roman god. He kissed him again, and he knew he would never tire of kissing him, not if he lived to be a thousand. “It’s amazing, Sherlock.”
“To counteract the prolonged state of inertia, yes.”
Head coming around, John’s jaw fell lax. “What?”
When John read John’s note, his face fell.
“You saw yourself in the mirror,” Sherlock rephrased for clarification.
“Can you tell your boy to keep his hands off me?” John griped as he was escorted inside.
, I said.”
The footsteps passed through the kitchen, pausing again at the end of the hallway. Again, the uncertain query, “John?”
. But you have to understand. I didn’t know it then. I didn’t value myself as anything more, and I didn’t think you did either. And it was the most miserable feeling in any universe.” His fingers kneaded Sherlock’s skin. “I don’t want to feel like that ever again.”
“Drugged. Arrested. On the run.”
John choked.
What was
“And what truth are you looking for, Dr. Watson?”
Breaking in was easy. The house was locked, but a window pried open on the ground floor without much resistance. Once inside, he left the lights off and followed his nose. John’s scent was everywhere. He just had to follow the freshest trail.
Everything was heat. Tight, and wet, and hot, and Sherlock’s mouth was on John, and John was inside him.
, and
“Care to share?”
it? You call this handling it?”
“Does it bother
, in one of the centillion universes out there, synchronicity is, in fact, happening.”
“But you don’t want him to share your heat?”
“I’m sure they will, or make every effort. They’re legally obligated, and failure to comply means I can challenge
“Comic books.”
“I know. That is, I know
.” He said the word with disdain, and though John had heard Sherlock speak that word with contempt before, it still hurt, this time for a different reason. Before, Sherlock was deriding the very notion of having friends; this Sherlock was disgusted that it stopped there.
“Tell me what you were doing. Everything. Every last detail.”
to begin to rewrite his DNA and make it become more tolerant of mine. Without the bite to seal the bond, my scent won’t have any staying power and will begin to break down, but that’s okay. We’re just building tolerance, compliance. So I inject this now, and in twenty-four hours I increase the dosage by fifty percent: 30 milligrams of scent. Another twenty-four hours, another fifty percent increase; 45 milligrams of scent. Not only will this prepare him to accept a new bond-mate sans complications, but it will kick-start his heat in about a week, just a couple of days after the dog fight. And with the old bond broken and my hormones already in his system, his body will most certainly be receptive to me. No violence, no hormone confusion or estrus poisoning. I’ll take good care of him. I’ll knot him and mark him, and just like that, Byron. Voila! He’ll have a new Alpha, a new bond-mate.”
“You taste good.” His tongue flicked the lobe back and forth between tiny, contained, bursting giggles.
John couldn’t wait a second longer. He grabbed the back of Sherlock’s head, pressed up on his tippy toes, and brought their lips together at last. There was a short squeak of surprise in Sherlock’s throat, but John eased him through it. Softly, he moved his lips, and softly he parted them, and as he caressed Sherlock’s mouth with his, he touched his face and neck like his skin was fine porcelain, while the other hand slid under Sherlock’s shirt to feel the warm skin just above his trousers, then trailing around until his hand splayed across the small of Sherlock’s bare back, pulling him closer.
he had left the hospital with that woman. Had simply walked out! Barely a question asked! He had been tricked into believing that Sherlock had sent her, that there was danger, that they needed to move fast. And because he trusted even an imaginary Sherlock, he hadn’t bothered to grab even his shoes, let alone wallet or phone, and walked straight into a predator’s arms.
Yes, and he had come to talk to Harry, his Harry, the protective older sister who had always teased but tended him. He had been expecting to confess everything of his transformation, to share the details of his shattered heart, to be served hot tea, not scotch malt, to be mothered, not mocked, and to have someone help him make sense of a world falling apart. Instead, he found the walls of his reality crumbling even more. His very foundations were being pitched to and fro.
“Yes!” John said. Too high-pitched. Pull it down. “Yeah, uh, we said eleven. Eleven o’clock. The one a.m. thing was ridiculous.” He laughed forcibly.
“John.”
“Really? Why?”
Sherlock sniffed. “No need to romanticize,” he said off-handedly. But his cheeks remained inflamed. “It’s a practical solution to an ongoing problem. This likely won’t be the last time one of us winds up in hospital, and I don’t fancy being on the other side of that door any more than you do. Besides, one can’t discount the financial benefits of marriage, and as far as tenancy goes, it dramatically simplifies the paperwork. Travel, possessions, life insurance, it all becomes more tenable, spouse to spouse. And no court could order us to testify against each other, which we may one day need to rely on—mmf.”
, Sherlock!” he cursed. When had that madman found the time to
him, pressing John’s back to his own front, and then breathe him in. God, what if he’d done it? How would either of them have recovered from such embarrassment?
And so John read about the case, equal parts fascinated by the story and stunned that there was an entire site—with
, in human beings! I should want to hear it directly from the horse’s mouth. I have questions about his, erm, experience.” She looked around, as if noticing for the first time that the Omega in question wasn’t in the same room. “Is he at home?”
With that, he decided to take the case.
John 1:
In the end, he lost all nerve, didn’t even mutter a good morning, and stepped around to the other side to pour himself a cuppa.
He was horrified by his utter lack of verbosity. And so, just like that, John disappeared again.
Seven hours earlier, after midnight, John had slipped quietly away from Sherlock’s bed in the Wacko World for his early morning rendezvous with himself, although he wasn’t entirely convinced it would work. His mind might well have been playing tricks when he thought he had seen his reflection move on its own accord. An exhausted brain, a trick of the light, a secret wish. That’s why he hadn’t mentioned it to Sherlock. Nevertheless, he had spent the day silently plotting to recreate the conditions that had led to the first bizarre encounter and had been bracing for the bitter sting of disappointment. But this felt worse.
“That, I can honestly say, I never did. Never even met him.”
Wait, where was this coming from? How much did Lestrade know? Did the
Sherlock spun to see John, fully dressed and looking quite alert, walking toward them through the kitchen. In the light of day, he looked hardly better than when he had first stepped through the door the night before. The swelling on the side of his face had gone down, true, but the bruising had darkened to blacks and purples, and the scrapes looked just as red and mean as before.
, John. I can’t see the whole arm like that!”
good care. Only once had he ever had an infection, and that was before Sherlock. Back then, though unbonded, he had refused to check into an Omega House, and the Alpha Service he had hired had been substandard: the Alpha arrived hours and hours past schedule, and by the time he did, the toxins had already begun to build in his system and infect his blood. By the end of his heat, he was running a fever so high he was delirious, and next he knew, he was waking up in hospital, IVs in both arms, a drain up his arse, and a sister spitting fire, swearing to sue the Alpha Service for every last penny. She yelled at John, too.
For nearly two hours, Harry stayed and prattled on, her severity melting quickly to something warm and motherly that John was so unused to seeing in his sister. Although he couldn’t stand being mollycoddled by everyone—from doctors to policemen to Sherlock even, and basically everyone else in the Wacko World—he decided not to fight it in Harry. It was better than their constant sparring on the rare occasions they saw one another. It was, perhaps, the way things should have been between them. Or, at least, a
he wondered.
John stopped himself from scoffing. Did it hurt? A small metal bullet had blasted its way through his body, in one side and out the other, tearing apart skin, muscle, and bone. It had hurt like hell! But the question gave him pause. He had heard too many stories, as a doctor and soldier both, of men who had been shot or stabbed and didn’t even know it, not right away. There was no pain, only adrenaline. It hadn’t been his experience (if only he had been so lucky!), but it happened. He supposed Sherlock was curious about the experience of taking a bullet. How badly does it hurt?
There had to be some way for him to switch back, there just had to. As an Omega, Sherlock might want him again. He was convinced that an Omega clinic was his best chance of figuring this whole thing out once and for all. That last doctor, the “men’s health specialist” or whatever, he hadn’t had a clue about what was going on. It was this damned Beta body that was throwing everything out of whack, everything from how people treated him to his perceptions of the world. He just couldn’t stand it anymore. So he was ready for whatever he needed to do: pills, surgery, hormone therapy,
“I’m very regular.”
“Can’t coordinate that, though, can we? Besides, too dangerous.”
can’t join your pack.”
? But . . .” Another tear escaped. “Then why am I so happy now? I can’t remember a time I felt this way, like things are brighter ahead than behind. I don’t know, maybe I’m being silly. But John. I feel like things are changing. Like, maybe, life is good. Or can be. Am I crazy?”
“So it’ll work again tonight.”
“I need some air.”
“But I hurt you.”
thought fled the moment he stepped up to his front door: by the look of the knocker, Mycroft was there.
“I thought I’d never see you again.”
He turned the message around and pointed it at the mirror, watching John’s eyes skitter across them, then widen with the hope of this promise. His counterpart nodded eagerly, and began to scribble back.
“Back, John, back!” he shouted.
“There are four ways this could go down tomorrow,” Sherlock was explaining. “One: no contest default. If the pack doesn’t show, my challenge goes unanswered, and the law declares them as at-fault fugitives. There will be a nation-wide manhunt initiated, in that case. But no Alpha of any proper pride, guilty or not, would let a challenge go unanswered. So the outcome we might more reasonably expect is surrender, defeat, or demise.”
. Recover yourself.”
He suddenly realized where his hand was, and froze. What the hell was he doing? This was jumping ahead in the experiment! This wasn’t how things were supposed to work. Part V: Touch was still days away, according to his charts, and was to be executed only if Part IV: Communication was received favorably (scoring at least a 10 for Subjects 1 and 2, individually). But the impulse had been so instinctual, the motion had felt so natural, and John was already sitting so close . . . Never mind that, it wasn’t time! He commanded his right hand to move back, but it stayed frozen on John’s left thigh, and he stared straight ahead, trying to figure out what to do next to save the moment.
“We have a case.” Sherlock’s voice came through clear, unperturbed, maybe even a little eager. It had an instant effect on John’s mood; his heart began pumping in earnest, though he stood stock still. It was impossible to deny what he felt. He loved cases. Though he’d been on only a handful of them, he was quite prepared to say that assisting Sherlock in his work was one of the things he loved best in the world—this or any other. Damn, he was snared.
And there he was, Sherlock Holmes, seated at the kitchen table holding a mug of coffee and reading the newspaper with a pen in hand, circling headlines. He didn’t so much as lift his eyes, let alone his head, when John stepped into the room and stopped just on the other side of the table. John’s mouth opened, but he had no idea how to start, what to say. Something inside of him recoiled at the thought of rebuking him or saying
“John, you’re in
he returned,
John’s arms draped around Sherlock’s neck; so Sherlock used that to his advantage to pull him upright and out of the bed. But John’s legs were uncooperative. He didn’t seem to have the strength—or will—to stand on under his own power. After some awkward shuffling, hefting, drooping, and slipping, Sherlock exited the bedroom wearing John like a cape.
“Nonsense,” said the man, slapping him familiarly on the upper arm. “You were obviously deep in thought. A million miles away. In a rush? Am I keeping you from something?”
“So are you going to
“That’s right,” said the man in front. “We’re not doing you no harm. Just enjoying breathing you in. Ain’t that right, pack?”
you? She can’t do that!”
But at that precise moment, sirens sounded in the distance. John sighed with relief and distanced himself a little more from the foiled thief. The police and ambulances arrived to sort out the man, and while they were loading him into the ambulance (all while reading him his rights) and safely removing the stolen painting to a secure vehicle, Sherlock gave his report to Lestrade. But he kept John in the corner of his eye. His brain was trying to tell him something, but he couldn’t understand what.
Casting back further, he recalled all the times they had laughed together, before, during, and after cases. John made the work that Sherlock already enjoyed even more pleasurable, to the point where he was disappointed whenever John had other obligations. Disappointed? That was perhaps putting it mildly. There was a sharpness to his absences; it stung, just a little, being on his own. Truth be told, Sherlock missed John when they weren’t working side by side.
But one thing was clear: partnering was essential during a heat. Without it, hormonal toxins (John had never heard of such a thing) released by the Omega’s sexual organs into the Omega’s system could not be counteracted by an Alpha’s own neutralizing semen. Without an Alpha, an Omega could suffer something called
“Three minutes, John!”
“We’re going there to ask about her
“H-how?” Sherlock stuttered.
John sighed. His own Sherlock was never this stroppy. He texted back:
It was Mrs. Hudson, on her way to run errands.
From behind, someone grabbed his jacket at both shoulders and hauled him sideways into an alley. He thrashed in the hold and kicked out with his feet, until the hands holding him shoved him hard, and he landed on his chest. Scrambling, he found his feet again and backed up, moving further down the alley, and saw that the three Alphas from the bus had followed him.
And he wondered why things in his world were the way they were.
Any other day of the year, John would have found such a case fascinating, exhilarating, one for the blog. A doppelganger encountered on a train? A body under the floor in the pantry? A down-on-her-luck Omega-X trying to force a bond with an Alpha-Y so she could be sure to inherit his money? That was something of a reversal in this neck of the wackoverse, he was pretty sure. On the cab ride back, he couldn’t help (out of old habit) but workshop blog titles in his head: The Omega Swap, or Of Onions and Lemons.
“Rather puts them at a standstill, doesn’t it?”
When they returned, John assumed a stance of determination: hands clasped behind his back, chin squared and raised, feet slightly apart. He looked the part of a soldier, and Sherlock was glad to see it. Whatever mood had taken him for a spell seemed to have passed. And Sherlock, no longer worried, could now focus on the task at hand.
“Well. You’ve got a couple more weeks, I guess. Oh! And next week. Day of the dog fight. My place or yours?”
no. I knew what they were after, and I fought them off.”
the fortune they spent on taxis and wondered why Sherlock didn’t just break down and buy his own car). They solved the case of the Halloway disappearance (It was the dog walker! Who would have thought!), and the Fleet Street poisonings (By George, the cat sitter!), and the copy-cat dog-nappings (Good lord, a secret society of avian occultists!).
“Oh.”
“That you,” said Sherlock, advancing once more before stopping directly in front of him, “are not John Watson.”
John Watson awoke with the sun. He yawned, stretched, and pulled back the covers, setting bare feet on a cool floor to stimulate nerve endings in his feet and wake himself up more quickly. It was a trick he had learned in the army—not that there had been cool floors, of course, but anything to shock the body and prick the mind proved effective in getting a bone-weary soldier back on his feet and about the day’s duties: a splash of water on the face, a quick stab of a pin in the center of the palm, a commanding officer shouting himself hoarse with insults and threats. The cool floor was by far the best option.
This time, she didn’t wait for a full twenty-four hours. She grabbed the fourth vial, a full 70 milligrams of her scent, and plunged it into his stomach.
“Tell me.”
“You’re crackers,” said John, who suddenly felt that denying everything was the best tactic in the current situation.
Sherlock’s combination of confusion and discomfort led to three seconds of inaction before he cleared his throat, patted John on the shoulder with his free hand, and said, “Er, um, hey. John?”
body had never been to war. But his mind had, and the pain . . . it was psychosomatic. He’d been told a hundred times. Along with all his knowledge and memories and spit-fire personality, he’d brought along his PTSD. And that thought made him laugh. He was truly a mess.
“No, no, I’m just . . .” John looked around—at the children playing, the cyclists riding in tandem, the little leaves fluttering on the trees—not really knowing where he was. Some park. Somewhere in London. Everything just looked so strange, like he’d never seen it before, like the light was different or something. His exact whereabouts, though, were not terribly important. There were still several hours until dark, after all. It only occurred to him then that he didn’t know where he would be once it got dark, whether he would be able to find a friend or an Omega sanctuary to take him in or . . . But then, he wasn’t Omega anymore! They wouldn’t shelter him. But then, being Beta, maybe staying out past sundown wasn’t so dangerous? Still, just the thought of it made him feel vulnerable. He was scared, and tired, and lost, and he didn’t know where to go or what to do.
So he had. Touched, that is. He’d given into a desire that went beyond disinterested sexamination, erm,
doing walking into the dog-pen!?
“Your game. Something is wrong with you. You won’t tell me your secret, but you want me to know it all the same. You’ve set up a mystery, and you know I love a good mystery. You do too. They’re your favorite bedtime stories, after all. So let’s play.”
“The thought of it . . . of being trapped there forever and never . . .” His throat was closing off again at the thought; he couldn’t continue.
“Then what?” Nothing. John seemed to be biting his tongue—literally—and he wouldn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes. John was being deliberately evasive, and Sherlock was getting impatient. Being uncivil with Mycroft was one thing. Objectionable, yes, deplorable even, but . . . kind of entertaining. But being impertinent with
“That you got it wrong.”
, he was just so imaginative. The curse of the genius mind.
body, in place of John’s.
She left him in the sitting room and disappeared to the kitchen. John stood motionless, not knowing what to do, not only because he couldn’t find anywhere to sit (the couches and chairs were piled with dirty clothes and dirtier magazines) or even walk (the floor was littered with empty beer cans and bottles), but because he had never seen this place in such a state of disarray. He’d been here only three weeks ago for one of their mahjong nights, and the whole house had been in its usual state of immaculate tidiness. But
“Excuse me?”
John huffed. “Oh, I
“Okay there?”
Sherlock cupped his hands. “An ambulance! Now!”
. He’d never seen such a look before, not from Sherlock, not at
“And how long does the drug last?”
. . . left, right, left, right, a military pace. Not far off, a flash of light, and a second later a tremendous clap of thunder that made his skin jump. The skies opened . . .
“Surrender!” he shouted, circling the Alpha, who wavered on his knees and held his ear like he was keeping it attached to the side of his head.
What had John said to prompt that response? John had been vague, rushing over the initial dialogue to get to what he called the meat of the conversation, but the brevity haunted Sherlock now. Did his John really feel like that? Useless? And was he, Sherlock, responsible for it?
John 2:
“Dead is dead,” Sherlock agreed. “In this case, murdered. The question is, by whom.”
But John, staring at the end of the pitchfork, gasped, and he shouted back to Sherlock, “There’s blood! Blood on the prongs!”
The Alpha’s shocked faces split into grins, and they laughed.
Sherlock hummed in sleepy agreement. “Yes, you should move out.”
“Lights,” John mumbled.
“No.”
“The brash assertiveness. The crude language. Your handling of Mycroft and . . . other Alphas. Obvious markers.”
The Alpha straightened and took a step back. John stood, his legs a little shaky but bearing him up all the same. He left the three Alphas in the darkness of the alley, backing up slowly and still bearing the glass shard in his hand. When he reached the street, he tossed the shard to the ground, did an about face, and marched away.
Swallowing hard, suddenly nervous, John stood and put his arms in the sleeves. He felt unworthy, fraudulent. “Where?” he asked, trying to keep his voice steady.
“True, true,” said Sherlock, sighing back into his seat. “So. Mr. Hope is not the puzzle. You are. You know your own truth, naturally, but you don’t want
Standing tall, he ascended the stairs.
“A brilliant, though insane, scientist recently convinced me that the universe is striving for a state of perfection. This”—he slid his fingers between John’s and squeezed their palms together—“is perfection.”
“It’s Sherlock41,” said Sherlock, sounding a little aggravated, a little . . . suspicious. “Like always.”
Sherlock trembled. It hadn’t been like that. He had thought— The other John made him believe— How could he make John understand? How could he make it right?
“Just walking,” he finished miserably.
“I see how you would think that.”
He seized John by the wrist and dragged him out of the room, through the kitchen, down the hall, and into the bedroom where he wasted no more time divesting himself of his shirt and assisting John with the same before they toppled together upon the bed. There, they took a few more minutes to explore the sensations of newly exposed skin. Sherlock found new ways to make John squirm, and John awakened in him new pleasure centers that left him gasping. He still found it all incredible, that he was holding John like this, that the closeness they had shared for so long had found a new and exciting manifestation, and that for the first time in his life, he was desperate to engage in what so many lesser mortals took as a given—and all because of John. Only John.
“It made the
John checked his watch. Fifteen minutes until high noon.
They had him behind a metal skip, blocked from seeing the mouth of the alley, even if it had been light enough to make out properly. One of them spun him around and pinned him to the wall. He let out an
“Molly, Molly,” he soothed, smoothing a hand down her hair. “We’re going to take care of you. I promise.”
“You can have your dilemma in the cab,” said Sherlock. “Let’s go.”
, he’ll man up and wait for it to be over. I’m so flattered.”
“Turn him over, the little shit!”
His voice trailed away, and after a stretch of silence, John prompted. “What?”
, puzzling through everything John had said and done, wading through all the paper and notes John had left on the table.
won’t be entering that fray anytime soon, blood or no blood.”
about?”
Sherlock stepped away completely, putting his back to John as he went to resume his own chair in the sitting room. “That’s one problem your Sherlock and I do not share. I do not hide from anything.”
He wasn’t sure what he was going for, necessarily. He wasn’t sure what he expected to happen next. But he wasn’t prepared for what did happen. Trevor roared. He rolled with the kick onto his stomach, jumped to all fours, and next he knew, John, tackled around the knees, was going down.
He’d been beaten into submission. The Alphas would not have stopped there. No pack ever did. Almost beside himself with rage, Sherlock said, “I’ll kill them all, I’ll tear them to shreds,” and he started to step around John, fully intending to quit the flat, track them down, rip them limb from limb . . .
“It’s just . . . something happened to . . . my shoulder. And it’s, well, quite ugly.”
Slowly, still reeling from his latest horrifying realization, John shook his head. “Actually,” he said, “I was thinking I should visit Molly. See how she’s doing.”
“—but because the predominant theory of reversal suggests . . .”
The recorder’s light glowed red.
Then: He clapped Sherlock on the shoulder.
Sherlock started pulling on the tips of his gloves, preparing for their stop. “You’ve rarely seen me in action, John; you don’t know my methods. Pay attention, and watch the master at work.”
The Omega clinic he had been frequenting for the last twenty years was gone. In its place, a Dutch spa. So, after conveying his distress to the cabbie, he ended up at an unfamiliar clinic and left with the advice, “Just, you know. Ask to talk to a men’s health specialist. And good luck, pal.”
He wasn’t counting on Sherlock’s own plan.
wounded. Like her hormones were telling him she was . . . tainted. Shaking his head to dispel the ugly thought, he gestured toward a rolling stool, asking if he could sit, and she nodded again. Slowly, he took the stool and scooted forward along the ground until he was at her elbow, but he still kept a respectful distance.
“Busy. Huh. Well.” He stood and headed for the kitchen, unbuttoning his blood-sprayed shirt as he went. “I’m sure you can still whip up something hot.”
just one of those things.”
done, to Molly and others, but he was feeling unmistakable panic begin to swell in his stomach and tingle down his arms and legs. They wouldn’t attack him in broad daylight! Surely! But he felt exposed, vulnerable, and trapped, more than he had been in that darkened alleyway. Shit shit shit.
“John. I said, I’m busy. You know there’s always a backlog of cases after one of your heats. I’m working. Don’t distract me.”
“All right. Break it down for me.”
“Just returning, actually.”
“What is it this time, Mycroft?”
that was on his mind? It didn’t seem prudent. But then again, Mike was a doctor, and a friend. At least, he had been. And doctor-patient confidentiality still applied, right? Did Omegas get to enjoy
Her number was included at the bottom of the email.
into that space, or swapped in my definition, with another. His theory was that returning to the original state would require similar mechanisms to coming out of a dream.”
“You need to turn off your addlepated brain. It’s not doing you any favors at the moment.”
“These biscuits, they’re fine, but do you have any of those ginger nuts? They’re my favorites.”
“He— I— It’s not . . .”
“I don’t mean to scare you,” John said, slowing his steps. He gentled his tone, low and warm. “I would never hurt you. I’m a friend.”
That meant he had only minutes to prepare.
John thought Chris must be right. Everything had to match up, down to the last detail. And, he supposed, that included the people in the room. The connection had been lost, the moment Sherlock had stepped in from the kitchen. Already in his mind, he was making plans to recreate the experiment, and part of that plan, as much as it made him uncomfortable to think it, was to keep Sherlock out of it.
“Oh my God,” he said, staring at the article. “Suicide count reaches eleven . . .” And Jennifer Wilson had been only number four. “These people were murdered, John! We need to reopen this case! We can still catch the killer!”
Lestrade arched a skeptical eyebrow. “Sex changes things, for sure. But you can’t just
He made a second attempt. And for the second time, John pushed back and slapped him again.
“How bad did it get?”
“It’s like the whole world’s gone mad, Sherlock.
It was hard to tell, but he thought Sherlock was frowning behind the mask. “If I’d had a choice in the matter, I wouldn’t have had it happen like that. I would never use you as
that his Alpha—whose job it is to protect him and who’s a bloody detective, for chrissakes—was
The doctor shook his head and winced. “Homemade lubricants aren’t safe. I recommend MHRA-approved natural or synthetic lubes you can buy in the hygiene section of a chemist’s.”
Three weeks before, on her way back from York and whilst riding the train by herself, Mrs. Jackie Jacobs had encountered a woman who looked startlingly like herself, but for the fact that her hair was silver, not white. The woman introduced herself as Pamela Stauton, and together they had a good laugh about just how uncannily similar their appearances were, though they quickly determined no relation. They were not twins separated at birth (Jackie was seventy-seven, Pamela seventy-four), and nor were they sisters or cousins or distant relations (a recounting of their family pedigrees revealed no overlap). It was just one of those strange but amusing acts of nature, and they made a listing of celebrity look-alikes they had seen on the news and commented on the website “Doppelgangers of Britain.”
He stayed in the shower, soaping and scrubbing and tremulously exploring what he had become until the water began to run cold. By then, he had made a decision. No more hiding. He would dress and confront the day. He would figure out what the hell was going on and work on getting things back to normal. That was the plan. It was ill conceived and unhelpfully vague, but that was the plan.
“Then why isn’t he waking up?” Sherlock asked. His fingernails were practically gnawed to the wick.
John—had never deigned to book himself a room. As far as the record went.
“I know. Me neither.” He lifted his eyes and tried to convey the depth of his regret. “I’m sorry, Sherlock, I’m so sorry. I can’t even explain it. The doctor . . . he can’t either.”
get back—I don’t feel like I have a choice in the matter. I’m going to need some distance.
going to talk to me? Something’s wrong. Shower as long as you like, I can still smell it on you.”
John did realize it. And he blushed with happiness to be equated with a version of himself he so admired. He carried on. “So when we were walking on that bridge, exact same magnitude, exact same direction, perfectly coordinated, conditions were perfect for the swap.”
“Sherlock, what are you doing on the floor?”
“So I’m not exactly sure what to do about . . . this.” He gestured at the space between them.
“What do you mean?” asked Sherlock.
“Too hot?” Sherlock asked.
“Wow,” John breathed, and he looked at Sherlock like he was a golden sunrise.
“What happens tomorrow,” said John, “is that we win it together. Both of us still standing. And the three of them in one kind of defeat or another. Best case scenario?”
for a particular outcome? no, this was scientific, empirical, objective) would suggest a level of physical, emotional, and sexual attraction. Within each of his five categories (favors, compliments, gifts, communication, and touch) he planned three experiments. And for each experiment, he would evaluate John’s and his own responses on a Likert scale, 1 to 5:
“Anything else you . . . you know. You want me to tell him?”
Conceding, John pressed on. “And if we’re defeated?”
“Busy,” Sherlock replied. He took another sip of coffee.
It had been twenty-five (-six? -seven?) days since anyone had treated him like that. Suddenly, the Christmas lights were snuffed out. The jingle of sleigh bells faded into the distance. And he lost the desire to open presents. He loved his Omega body, he really did. It felt wonderful to sit in it again. So how could those Betas so swiftly, so casually, make him resent himself by their thoughtless treatment of him?
molecules, creating as many as
He could not let that happen. For the sake of his counterpart, he had to defend this body.
, but he had fallen absolutely mute. Nevertheless, the stony expression had given way to pain and confusion. John pressed on before he lost his nerve.
“You smell so good,” Sherlock said, voice husky, a growl in his hear.
. And it’s an Alpha’s prerogative whether he or she will bother to use it. Chances are pretty slim on that count, eh? But what if Omegas could control their
“And one more thing. You said you would never do that mind trick thing on me again. And in the next breath, you did. So you’re not to be anywhere near me tonight. The couch should serve you just fine.”
“Start looking for work again, you know?”
Whatever the reason for John’s strange behavior and stomping away from the flat in the middle of the day, it was of less concern than the matter immediately at hand: John wasn’t home. The sun was down in London, and that meant that the Alpha packs were on the prowl. That’s always what that meant. It was
“Seven days,” Sherlock said softly, “before I kissed him. Nine days before we . . . did anything else.”
“John probably wouldn’t be opposed. He hates it here.”
The offense melted and converted into something very much like sadness. “Right. Almost forgot.
. Just some lingo.”
” or asking “Am I still an Omega?” yielded the benefits of fish in one’s diet, or “I’ve transformed into a Beta” didn’t seem to understand his question at all.
“Oh you bet we’re talking about this. Everything’s bad enough already without that brother of yours sticking his nose where it doesn’t belong. If you think for one minute that I’m okay with this, with any of this—”
“A parallel one.”
“I understand why you hate this world. There is ugliness in it, for Omegas more than anyone. At the hands of Alphas, John has suffered leers and threats and disquiet. As an unbonded Omega in heat, he was left at the mercy of Alphas who were sometimes. . . rough. Abrasive. He’s suffered estrus poisoning because of one callous Alpha. Another threatened to bond without his consent. There may have been other instances he never told me about.”
It had been only an hour. John was lying on the bed, fully dressed, arms crossed behind his head, legs crossed at the ankle, his general disposition simply
“Look at you, you pillock, getting yourself into another scrape, I’m going to lose all my hair on account of you,” she said, then whacked his knees with the paper.
Sherlock reeled with disbelief. He fell back onto the sofa, still holding the pamphlets and staring at them like they were written by Martians. John?
“I don’t doubt it.”
“But not impossible?”
“Password cracked,” he heard Sherlock murmur under his breath, a little cockily. He then cracked his knuckles and started clicking away.
He’d never seen Sherlock looking so distressed, neither this version nor the one he knew himself. “You’re sure?” he asked, stepping toward the mirror and looking into its depths and corners, raking across its smooth surface with sharp, penetrating, anxious eyes.
? Could she smell it on him, that he wasn’t Omega anymore? What he had drunk so far he hadn’t much cared for, but what he liked even less was being pinned as a Beta so casually by someone who had known him his entire life.
He plunged into the water’s dark, broken surface with a sharp crack and was engulfed in the frigid river. The freezing bite in his skin was nothing compared to the shockwaves that passed from feet to head, and if he hadn’t been covering his mouth and nose, the force of it would have stolen his breath. But though his mind darkened momentarily, he never lost consciousness. He fought for the surface, gasped in a lungful of oxygen, and looked around wildly for John.
John pursed his lips, conflicted. On the one hand, going with Sherlock on his cases over the past couple of weeks had been glorious. The zoo, the bike chase, even the unsettling body in the floorboards—he’d loved it. It was exciting, not only witnessing Sherlock in his element, but also, and maybe in greater part, contributing in his own small way to solving crimes and catching criminals. He felt worthwhile, needed even.
“His name is Sherlock,” said John, trying not to grind his teeth.
come up with to account for synchronicity, velocity,
When he arrived home, he paid the cabbie and stepped onto the pavement, still wet from the storm, and stretched his back. He took a long breath through his nose, trying to draw in any of Sherlock’s scent and incite that little thrill through his body that he loved. But there was nothing. Odd. Sherlock wasn’t home yet, clearly, but as his bond-mate, he could usually detect the intoxicating odor that lingered just outside of their home, whether he was there or not. Maybe the rain had washed it away.
“Vaguely,” he said, setting the story aside. John continued to give him a hard look. “He came for a consultation. Believed his father had been devoured by a werewolf.” He snorted. “Preposterous. I didn’t take the case.”
“Your last Alpha clearly failed to discipline you or teach you proper respect of your betters. I won’t make that mistake.”
“Very lovely Alpha,” Lestrade agreed.
“That”—John pointed a finger at an imaginary idea suspended in the air—“was most certainly not my idea.”
It was overcast by the time John stepped out of the surgery and headed for home. Still pleasant, if only a little cooler with the breeze. He stuck his hand out for a passing taxi, but it trundled right by as if it didn’t even see him. But the quick flare of irritation passed. No matter. The day was lovely. He would walk, ten minutes, twenty minutes, and try again. There was no rush. He checked his phone: 4:12. No rush at all.
, he thought.
Sherlock shrugged, but not dismissive of the question. More like, he was dismissive of his younger self. “Wrong? Nothing, really. I was an idiot. A brilliant idiot. And I was bored. Needed stimulation. And I found it. In the form of something chemical.” A shadow crossed over his face, and the sad smile couldn’t hold. “I wouldn’t say my home life was . . . harmful. But my father was never there, and when he was, he wasn’t really. He was an important man, a government man, like what Mycroft became, and his family was inconsequential to the life he really wanted to lead. For her part, my mother had her clubs and causes and soirees and could hardly be said to be an
“Sounds thrilling.”
“We became friends, Sherlock and I. I dare say, he became my best friend. But I . . . I never told him that.”
“Harry.”
Sherlock was breathing hard and finding it difficult to see straight. “
“For the castrations,” Sherlock explained.
“. . . I wasn’t.”
Sherlock had already decided on a solution, and it was happening in ninety minutes? But then, with only thirty minutes left before he walked out the door, how could he do anything but spend it with Sherlock?
John winced and pressed his thighs together beneath the table. “In
“Right,” said John, bobbing his head, trying not to feel distressed by the seemingly impossible nature of jumping between universes, let alone jumping back. “So what now?”
“One does not knot an Omega outside of his heat, John. I thought your time here had made that clear.”
Was that something this world’s John and Lestrade did together? Grab a pint? Like colleagues? Like … friends?
He stepped to the door and noted something else odd, which distracted from the lack of scent: the names on the bell.
“The longer we wait, the greater the chance of infection. You know that. And I don’t want you to get sick.”
effect, if it helps prevent assaults. And as for the unnatural part?” Dr. Stamford shrugged. “For Omegas: Don’t like it, don’t take it. And for Alphas and Betas: It’s really none of your business.”
Over the next hour and bit, John set about to subtly create the perfect sleepy-time conditions. When Sherlock went to the bathroom, he turned down the brighter lights, leaving on only a couple of dimmer lamps. He turned on the telly to a blank station for practically undetectable white noise. Every twelve to twenty-one minutes, he was sure to yawn (even if it was fake), and without fail, Sherlock followed suit. And, to cap it all off, he made tea, chamomile tea, and, for good measure, laced it with a sedative antihistamine he found in the cupboard.
“Sherlock—”
“And Irene Adler faking her death was?” He stood from the table, licking his fingertips of salt and dabs of yolk. “A detective should know these things about his closest colleague. I’m going to shower and dress. When I get back, we can start.”
“I just don’t think I can take it much longer. Is there something I can do—
Her scent was sweet. He wanted to throw up. Nothing she had done to him yet compared to this violation, this uninvited touch. She could strip him down and fondle his nether bits or Compel him to dance the cha-cha in the nude, and it wouldn’t feel as intimately intrusive as this. Whatever his first thoughts of the bond mark had been, he understood it better now. This was what tied him to Sherlock, and Sherlock to him. No one—and that meant
Still befuddled, she shook her head. “Poker.” Then she stepped aside. “Come in then. We’ll see what this is really all about.”
“Yes.”
“He’s been through so much. And he has so much to teach us. He’s exactly what I didn’t know I was waiting for, the key to it all. The universe is rewarding me! At last, I’ll be able to publish my work. My life’s work, Byron!”
Again, John supplied the words. “That you love him.”
, and the other,
Scowling, John retorted, “Maybe you should have grabbed something on your way home.”
“For what?”
He groaned. Even more reluctant now, he twisted the knob and trudged upstairs, hoping that John hadn’t let the cat out of the bag that they were sleeping together now. Though to be fair, he probably didn’t need to say a word. John had never been the most subtle of individuals, and Mycroft’s deductive computer brain ran on a slightly faster CPU than his own (he was loath to admit). Sherlock didn’t quite know what he was in for, so he prepared himself for all possibilities.
John blinked. It was the most absurd question yet, but he’d already been berated, and he wanted to be agreeable. So he answered demurely. “Of course we do.”
“Then let’s not delay another moment.”
“I do know that,” said Sherlock. “Because at this very moment, I know he’s standing exactly where you are now.”
Sherlock’s hand withdrew like had burned John with his touch. “Sorry, did I—?”
“Any Betas in sight?”
Sherlock smiled, then turned his head to the clock. “Oh! I’d best disappear then, eh? Five minutes.” He rose to his feet, passing over a sheet full of notes for him to communicate.
“He’s a go-getter. Now. I have some questions for
“I believe his
This stranger's cock he now held wasn’t nearly so large as Sherlock's, of course, but this was the cock of a Beta, not an Omega, not
, what have I done!”
“S’right,” said another. “He was asking for it, innit?”
“John?” Sherlock gasped in confusion, his arms full of another John.
“Oh my
“I have no idea how I got here! And I have no idea where your John is! For all I know, he’s still in
“Three.” There was a long, uncomfortable pause. John was dying to know what Sherlock was thinking, and afraid to at the same time. When Sherlock did speak again, his voice carried a tinge of bitterness, and he spoke almost as though to himself. “All quite implausible.”
Before he could fly to Sherlock’s aid, he saw Byron charging at him, taking advantage of his momentary distraction and spurred on by the confidence that an Omega, gun or no gun, was no match for an Alpha, and he was determined to wrangle him into submission. John felt his adrenaline spike, but his focus was clear, and his hands steady as ever. In two seconds, he was about to be mauled, laid out on the ground, helpless. Before one second had passed, he fired the weapon.
John’s jaw had fallen open, and his eyes were wide in disbelief.
“Maybe it’s only Sherlock,” said Sherlock, “having eliminated other failed variables.”
“Did John love him?”
, John, don’t be obtuse.”
Seconds later, Sherlock lay down too. There was silence, then the light clipped off. Continued silence, and then Sherlock said, “You smell upset.”
“A tornado,” John supplied wryly. “Yeah, I remember.”
, John translated in his head.
“God, you smell good,” John said breathlessly, voice muffled against Sherlock's neck.
“Wow,” said John, breathless.
, but oh, he felt positively ill and didn’t trust himself to open his mouth. This was food poisoning, had to be. Those damn fusion tacos from lunch were acting up on him. His pulse was racing, his skin was overheated, he had severe cramping in the abdomen, and if he didn’t find himself in a loo within the next five minutes, he feared what would happen. He didn’t feel nauseous, so to speak. Not yet. But it was coming, he was sure of it. And . . .
Sherlock didn’t move from his spot in the chair but just continued to stare straight ahead at the lovely spread. Most un-John-like.
He was awoken several hours later with a gentle shake of his shoulder, the left one, and his eyes flew open with a silent gasp and found a pair of brown eyes looking back at him, a finger held to the lips to keep him quiet.
John shook off his arms. But oh, how he hoped it would be true. Maybe, come morning, he would find himself back in his own bed, in his own skin, and in his own world.
He didn’t know or care what he was saying, only that it had the desired effect of distracting Mr. Geraets while John fell back a few steps and he could put some distance between them.
He thought. Then he said, “It’s for my”—he swallowed; saying the words for the first time was difficult—“bond-mate.”
“You don’t solve cases. You’re not a doctor. You were never a soldier. What exactly did you do with yourself, day in and day out? Cook dinner and clean house and watch telly?
They didn’t let him stay the night, scent inhibitor or not, and so, feeling like a wreck, he returned to Baker Street where the damn mirror mocked him by being nothing more than a mirror.
While John made tea—he was so good at it, after all—he listened to Sherlock rattle off theories and half-baked solutions. He nodded and grunted when he needed to, but other than that, he just staved off the tears that threatened to overflow. This wasn’t how he wanted it to happen. But there was no other way.
Ten minutes later, Sherlock was back in the sitting room, Dr. Stapleton sat in John’s chair with a cup of instant coffee, listening intently as Sherlock related the story of how it had happened.
“We’ll deal with this little gem of a brain teaser ourselves. And so, this has just become a purely social visit. Say, John.”
But when he reached the sitting room, Sherlock was gone. He turned, and turned, and turned, looking for some sign of him, or at least a note, but there was nothing. A little desperately, he resumed his spot before the mirror.
. The paintings on the outside were garish: a grinning crocodile in a bowtie and top hat outside the men’s loo, an overly sexualized ostrich with a pink bow on her head outside the women’s. Sherlock pulled open the crocodile door and stepped in, only to find the place empty.
“I don’t like thinking about it.”
with Sherlock is more open and egalitarian than your
The cabbie pulled to a stop at their destination, and Sherlock got out first. John was right on his heels without even making a gesture to pay, without even an annoyed quip about how he
Then John spoke, addressing the Alphas but raising his voice for all to hear.
—which I never asked you to look at, by the way—you would have seen that
as he was. I don’t have the same skill sets, or experiences, and I may have a lot of questions, but—”
The doctor paused, pen on paper. “You have sex every forty-one days,” he repeated. “Exactly every forty-one days.
His feet stopped directly before a closed door.
“It’s very, very uncharacteristic for an Alpha to hurt his or her Omega. But it does happen, John. And that’s usually a primary factor in Omegas disliking or fearing their approaching heats. But there are resources for abused Omegas, hotlines and safe houses, and bond disengagement therapies—”
He noticed then, that Sherlock was examining his mouth, not so much with desire, but curiosity.
“I was just thinking. Hoping.”
“Sure, but—”
“First off, don’t call me stupid,” said John. “I’m not. I’m still figuring out how all of this works, remember? Second, I’m glad.”
—really the best this society had designed to keep free (unbonded) Omegas from dying, just because their biologies dictated a ridiculous estrus period? He was just glad that he—erm, that was, this
“Happy drug.”
“Me?”
“Right.” John stood, hands akimbo as he looked around for his shoes. His head bobbed up and down repeatedly and he licked his lips. “Sure, okay. Two minutes, yeah?”
John’s eyes went wide in warning, trying to communicate the forbidden nature of that particular confession. Lestrade saw, but only smirked, and turned back around just as they reached the door. He pressed his card to the keypad, and the door clicked open.
He didn’t know what to expect when he walked through the door. Had John calmed down and returned to his former amicable old self? Or were they in for another row? Taking a deep breath, he squared his chin and pushed open the door.
John didn’t take his own seat. He moved aside as though to offer it to Sherlock, and retreated to the kitchen where he began . . . sweeping.
“. . . should know my body just as well . . .”
“And while we’re on the subject of long-term acquaintances turned romantic interests,” Lestrade continued, and for the first time that night, he seemed a little bashful, and he hesitated before completing his thought: “What do you think about Molly?”
Sherlock cleared his throat, remembering his experiment. He needed to turn the compliments back onto John. “Of course,
He had seen through into his own world.
Quiet returned to Hyde Park. Slowly, Sherlock got off John’s back, and John felt his hand on the back of his head.
“Therein lies the problem.”
“Her . . . estate.”
He wasn’t sure
John smiled. So the morning really was his, to do with as he pleased. He could prepare properly for the evening. A long bath, then, maybe. And all the crap telly he wanted. He would push his errands into the afternoon—groceries, mostly—and have the sheets changed and the frozen dinners prepared by the time Sherlock came back. If there was time, if things weren’t already underway, they might have dinner together—John made a mean lasagna—and Sherlock would regale him with another adventure. He loved the stories, couldn’t get enough of them. Sometimes they seemed so incredible that he couldn’t help but express his incredulity that Sherlock could divine (‘Deduce, John! I don’t divine, I deduce!’) a man’s profession by the calluses on his thumbs, but in truth, he never doubted a word. He just wished, sometimes, he could see more of it firsthand.
They had been playing for pounds and pence. This avenue felt far more dangerous to both of them.
“I . . . don’t . . .”
They checked into a seedy little hotel tucked away in a seedy little part of London under the names Mulder and Scully. John’s pick. Tragically, that television show hadn’t made its way across dimensions. Still in their disguises—the moustache was really itching by this point—they ate in the hotel’s virtually empty, five-table restaurant, where they were left with two badly microwaved burritos and corn chips to share between them.
“Yeah,” said John. “Haven’t seen anything quite like that before. Baker Street, please.”
“What time’s the rendezvous?”
“There
He didn’t hold back anymore. Pushing through the pain in his abdomen, he leaned forward, arms spread. Molly stood to reach him, and they embraced.
John grit his teeth and threw himself moodily into his own chair.
Within minutes, however, he was sitting on the floor of the tub, water coursing down upon his head from above, and staring into nothing.
“He’ll kill you, John, I see it in his eyes!”
Is that what this is about?”
They had removed the mirror to begin with in order to repaper the wall after the unfortunate exploding-toads incident (it took them three more days to track down the elusive Reptile Bomber), and now they were trying to set the sitting room to rights. Mrs. Hudson was one of the most tolerant landlords in all of England, but the toads tested her resolve and she hadn’t been back up to the flat since it happened, and swore she would not, until she could walk through the door and be none the wiser.
John’s eyes snapped up to Sherlock’s face as he asked, “You too?”
the one who believes in alien abductions?” He tutted. “I think not.”
With thirty seconds on the clock, John climbed over to teeter on the precipice of the bridge. He looked left, then right, but no one was near to see him standing there. He stood utterly alone. In this universe, at least. Somewhere else, the other John was lining himself up with him, in this very spot. And that meant, Sherlock was right there with him, too. John looked at the empty spot beside him, imagining he could see Sherlock there, calling him home.
“Train John up like that? Convince him to join the fight?
For the space of three beats, his heart stopped. Memory of the night of the attack resurfaced like overflowing sewage because now he understood what they had tried to do to him, what they
Fantasy John slid an arm around his neck and pulled Sherlock closer. Sherlock, trembling from heartache, parted his lips to meet him. Maybe he should give in. Maybe this was the solution, the only way he could survive a life without John’s love. In the real world, he would be his normal, detached, cold, robotic self, the way John preferred him. But at night, he could retreat here, to this closet, to this John, a dark secret within his Mind Palace, and surrender to the memory, no, the fantasy, of a John that loved him.
He took a long breath, held it, steeled himself, then said, “It worked.”
“No more fuss,” said Sherlock, following him into the flat and closing the door behind him. Bolting it, as to John’s preference, was his indication that he fully intended to proceed and would even endeavour to make John as comfortable as possible. He even twitched the curtains shut, although he had remarked earlier that it was highly unlikely anyone could see in, as they were a story off the ground.
“It’s been two days.”
“So,” said Sherlock, “this is the kind of thing you do. With . . .”
tell he was lying by scent, this skip, reeking of rotten vegetables and baby nappies, would obscure the fact. That somehow made the lie easier. “He wasn’t happy when I said we needed to figure out another solution. He understands, of course, but, you know. He just wants to come home really badly. For you.”
“John.”
For her part, the imposter’s jaw dropped and her old eyes—sharp as knives—flashed angrily. Her fingers tightened into a fist around the handle of the knife, and she shook it at him. “How
“So what am I supposed to do?”
The trace of him was so faint, days old, but it registered for Sherlock like the ringing of a bell.
“Well, if you were my husband, this would be a non-issue.”
“What can I say?” said John drily. “Alphas love me.”
Good God, he wanted to kiss John. He had never before ever not ever felt the desire to ever kiss anyone ever ever in his whole life at all ever. But he wanted to kiss John Watson.
He tried to keep his voice placating, or at the very least neutral. “Have you never suspected that your John might want more out of life? More than simply being your Omega, that is?”
“This isn’t my world!” cried John, laying his head against Sherlock’s neck.
“How do you know she’s lying?” John asked, eyes wide as saucers.
John held Sherlock’s head in both hands to make sure he was paying attention.
John sighs. “You know. To care for him. To make him comfortable. To warm him up to the idea of a three-day heat. I’m talking about the mind and heart, not just the body. That’s clearly taken care of. But it’s
John bit off the tide of invectives against Sherlock with a stream of obscenities as another wave of heat and ache and inexplicable
“He said—”
“Chart says another couple of weeks. The poor little guy.”
“Don’t I?” Conflicted, Sherlock looked perplexedly between the two Johns. One pouted. The other regarded him with compassion, understanding, his hand still outstretched.
“No bother,” said the cabbie. “I’ve got towels.”
Suddenly choked with emotion, it was Sherlock’s turn to stare out of the window. John gave him a minute to recover.
“We’re meant to be, Sherlock,” John said with conviction. “I’ve always thought so, but now I know it with all my heart. Here, or in any world. We complete each other.”
Okay, he was feeling a little guilty. He would own that much, at least. It gave him no pleasure, leaving John behind in the flat like that, all agitated and bafflingly upset. Preoccupied with that morning’s row as he was, Sherlock could barely clear space enough for the far more important task at hand, and he was floundering. Even Lestrade, dimwitted detective though he was, noticed something was wrong with him.
“I don’t want to
. But Sherlock remained stock-still and didn’t react; he wouldn’t give Mycroft that satisfaction. He didn’t move at all until he heard the front door close and Mycroft was gone. And when he did, it was only to drop his head into his hands and moan.
John looked over his shoulder and saw that Trevor was nearly right on top of him. Bracing for what he knew was going to hurt, he spun around, grabbed the front of Trevor’s shirt, and in his inexorable fall to the ground, John used the momentum to drag Trevor down with him, launch the Alpha over his head, and roll back onto his feet. The crowd went nuts, shrieking hysterically, and took up the chant again.
John sighed. He was too tired to argue. Mentally, emotionally, he just didn’t know if he could do it anymore, or, if he could, for how much longer. He dropped the blanket.
Lestrade roared, drawing attention to their table. When he had recovered himself, he asked, “So what happened? If it was all so good, why did you stop?”
of his heats?”
“They weren’t.”
“I thought we were talking about your violin-toting non-lover.”
“Holy shit.” John rubbed his face. “This is a spectacle, isn’t it?”
There was so much to say, so many questions to ask, but neither John knew how long this connection would last. As if reading one another’s thoughts, they opted for sharing everything they knew about the
“You said we sometimes get closer to the truth through literature, didn’t you?”
“It’s just . . . I’m just . . . dealing with . . . something.”
“We’ll let you know if we have any more questions,” said Lestrade, following after.
Had he cracked into the phone last night? Might he . . . let John have a peek?
“No.”
“John?” Dr. Stapleton’s voice betrayed a note of fear, and her eyes were fixed on Sherlock. “John, <<
Something was wrong. Definitely, unquestionably, alarmingly wrong. He felt a surge of panic now beginning to encroach. What was he to do? Go to A&E? And tell them what?
“It’s going mainstream. In Japan, at least, and mostly in cases where the Alpha in a bond-pair is terminal—cancer or whatever. But it works. This little vial contains 20 milligrams of my scent. Pheromones, mixed with the bonding DNA sequences unique to me. Not enough for his antibodies to fight it, not enough to confuse the hormone balance, but
Gun to the head, he just wasn’t sure. So the experiment he designed was as much to verify the nature of his own attraction to John Watson as it was to determine conclusively his hypothesis that John was attracted to
“Text from Lestrade,” said Sherlock, holding his phone up to his face as he rose swiftly to his feet. “He’s got a lead.”
“Glock 17,” said Sherlock, pointing, “Glock 26, Walther P99, Heckler and Koch USP, and—your personal favorite—the SIG Sauer P226. Your service weapon was a SIG, and it’s the weapon you hide in the locked bottom drawer of the desk in your bedroom. Let’s start with that one.”
universe. Everything else is
He dressed quickly, shoved his feet into a pair of shoes and grabbed his coat off the hook. Probably for the first time in his recollection, he left the flat without letting anyone know that he was leaving, without any real plan, and without having grabbed a bite of breakfast. It was a thrilling sensation.
As soon as he was able, John started working. For the pocket money, yes, but more importantly, to avoid going home. He was too young to be hired on properly, not even to flip burgers or deliver newspapers. So he asked the neighbours for work: walking their dogs, weeding their flowerbeds, washing their cars. It wasn’t much, but that wasn’t the point. Over time, however, he was able to save up enough to buy himself a pair of rugby cleats; the other boys oohed and awwed. John wasn’t used to that. So he wrote his name in marker on the inside of the shoes, wore them only on the pitch, wiped off the mud after every match, and stored them in a shoebox under his bed. He was very proud of his shoes.
to sleep in Sherlock’s bed . . . but . . .
John 1:
Events unfolded quickly. During their idle chatter with Mr. Geraets, during which Mr. Geraets carried on ceaselessly about the intelligence, majesty, and enormity of their elephants, Sherlock observed that his eyes kept flitting to the large piles of hay where Mr. Geraets said the elephants liked to lie and the babies often played, and when he did, Sherlock noticed, the urgency of his inane storytelling increased. The man was nervous about something, and Sherlock had a sneaking suspicion he was hiding something. Sherlock turned casually to face John, Mr. Geraets behind him, and said in a low voice that was sure to be overheard only by John: “Check the hay.”
“Do you remember him?” John asked stiffly. “Henry Knight, do you remember him coming to you for help?”
At one o’clock in the morning, he stood before the mirror and waited, a fearful hope in his heart.
be done. And he found himself regretting that he had no memory of what it had felt like, that first time, when Sherlock and John had bonded.
On the other side of the mirror, John pointed to his ear, shaking his head as a reminder that they couldn’t hear one another, and raised his notebook, on which he’d already prepared a statement in shaky pen:
”) and had his thumb poised to dial Mycroft when he heard the door open and slam closed downstairs. He dropped the phone and spun. He was halfway across the room when he stopped. John—those were definitely John’s footfalls, heavier than normal, perhaps, but definitely his—was stomping his way up the stairs. Sherlock let go of his fear and let relief wash over him. John was home. He was safe. He was remarkably
“What about it?”
“An obscure branch of quantum philosophy, dubbed
And that meant, he was realizing now, that the mind of the other John . . .
“Child’s play,” said Sherlock. But he smiled smugly at the praise.
“So.” Lestrade clunked down his new glass. “Are we finally going to talk about it?”
Forcing a laugh, he said, “Just trying not to breathe through my nose.”
He waited in vain.
The reception area of the hospital was unlike any John had seen before. After announcing themselves at the front desk, Sherlock was led through a door on the right marked
“John.”
“Kissing?”
John was suddenly struck with an idea. “How about this. You win this hand, and I’ll answer any question about my love life you want.”
,” he growled. Her fear spiked (he could smell it), and he calmed himself again to say, “Sorry, sorry. It’s just . . . There are no excuses for what they did, Molly.”
“You don’t think so,” John repeated.
“And how long is your cycle?”
“Examination, not experiment. And it’s necessary, John. When we get back from solving this case, I intend to continue.”
“Three of them.”
She pressed her nail more deeply into the mark.
And in any case, though man might love the moon, no man was
“Harry—”
“You really are a writer, aren’t you?”
“Yes, I’m sure,” she said. She lifted her face to his and gave him a kiss. “Sherlock and John can go with
“Three things,” said John. “To start.” God, those lips. He wanted to kiss them so badly. It was strange, because he knew how wonderful it could be, but in seven years, he had never kissed this man before. Not this man.
, he saw the barrier dissolve, slowly, like coming out of a dream. The transformation was more obvious this time, because there was something wrong. Where his reflection bore smooth, lightly tanned cheeks and jawline, suddenly he saw the bristles of a three-day beard. His neatly combed hair on the other side of the glass was in disarray, sticking out in every direction and covered in flecks of mud. The whiteness beneath one eye gave way to blackened, puffy skin and a bloodshot cornea. And there was dried blood rimming one nostril and staining the collar and front of his shirt. But the look of anxiety on the other John’s face suddenly evaporated: he smiled and sagged his shoulders in relief.
Sherlock sniffed. “Of course you do. You always have!”
When it came to her husband and lifestyle, Jackie was rather verbose, and Pamela encouraged her in the details, but when they arrived at Jackie’s stop, where she expected they would part ways, Pamela got off with her, shared a cab with her, and even followed her home. Mr. Jacobs was away, and Jackie couldn’t shake her. And that’s when and where the terrible deed was done: during the altercation in which Jackie Jacobs tried to get her no-longer-welcome guest to leave, Pamela Staunton, all 105 pounds of her, took advantage of Jackie’s weak knees and knocked her over. When she landed, her head cracked against the marble clawed foot of a console table in the entryway, rendering her unconscious. Pamela believed she was dead, but she strangled her anyway with a silken scarf, just for good measure. Then she stuffed her away in the cool larder in the floor of the pantry and simply . . . stepped into her life, resplendent with home, husband, and forthcoming inheritance. The only transformation she underwent herself was to dye her silver hair yellow: she couldn’t manage white.
She still gripped the edge of the blanket, but she let it slip down her face just a little so she could see who was talking to her. He noticed dark bruises shining on her forehead, a blood-shot eye, and one finger was bandaged where it hooked over the blanket. He felt sick, knowing it was because of his own folly that she was in this bed to begin with.
yourself.”
Dr. Stapleton made them wait for it. She had a flair for dramatics, apparently.
“An Alpha surrender can occur at any time once the fight has begun, and for any reason. In the case of the offender, this means that the Alpha admits to wrongdoing and accepts the consequences. He’s taken into police custody and suffers castration by chemical injection.”
He saw John, a good stone’s throw away, eyes blown wide with terror and excitement and still carrying the murder weapon, come to a halt as Sherlock raced towards him. Next moment, the dawning realization: Charging behind Sherlock, and gaining on him, was a black rhinoceros.
“Fascinating,” she said to her assistant, staring up at the triptych of brain images on screens as behind her, John struggled through the nausea of too many sedatives and tried to sit up. “See how the lobes are all lit up, here and here? These are centers that are normally active only during REM sleep, but just
“I know! It’s ridiculous! But do you remember that show,
“But it’s true.”
John sat back, a little stunned, a little offended. So Sherlock didn’t care if this version of John got hurt? He bit his tongue and, stewing, turned his attention to the window and the rolling countryside.
Only, once dried, dressed, and standing in the empty hallway pointed toward the front of the flat, he lost his nerve. He could hear the morning sounds of the kitchen and smell coffee, and he knew that Sherlock (some version of Sherlock anyway) was in there, and he would have to face him. And frankly, he didn’t know what would come of that. He didn’t know what he
She looked sadly up at him. “I’m sorry that happened to you.”
John’s evidence resided in a combination of precedence and gut-feeling, and the truth was, because they were both so far out of their element on this, Sherlock had little ground for argument. Nevertheless, he detected a trace of disappointment.
“What?”
In dire need of dry clothing, he decided, hell with it, he’d raid Sherlock’s wardrobe, and make a right mess while he was at it, just to teach him a lesson.
But with his quick disrobing, Sherlock froze, like he hadn’t actually been expecting it. John felt the goose pimples bubbling up all over his skin, though due to the intense gaze or sudden chill, he couldn’t be sure.
“Ah hell,” said Sherlock, once the giggles had subsided. “Whatever happens . . . Between those two? It’ll be an explosion.”
Sherlock sighed. “Stubborn arse,” he murmured behind the mask.
“Sherlock’s taken up the violin,” said John, proudly.
In that moment, however, John reached a hand down into the hay, and when it returned, he was grasping the handle of a pitchfork.
So John touched him. He ran a thumb across the knife wound, gently, but there was heat in his voice when he said, “I hope the bastard who did this to you took one in the gut.”
“There are other ways to make a pack,” said John, but secretly, he thought that perhaps he had no idea what he was even talking about, and added it to a list of things to research the moment he got a chance. What did
The cab driver’s eyes slowly lifted to the rearview mirror and back again to the road. Knowing they had an audience, John felt the heat rise in his cheeks. He was gobsmacked, less because of the content than the outburst. When he had told Sherlock of the mirror conversation earlier that week, he had not neglected to mention the other John’s “confession,” even though he had already assumed it. The swap had taken place the first day of his cycle, so the other John had been thrown into a body on the verge of a three-day heat. That needed to be dealt with, and Sherlock was there to deal with it. What else could have been done? So no, it didn’t bother him.
“Oh.” The man frowned pityingly. “You want to talk about it? Maybe I can help. I know, let’s go for a drink, eh? We can talk at the pub.”
They reached for each other again, softly, and kissed.
John gaped in utter, almost debilitating shock. Fugitive? Jailbreak?
So nights in, given that they were now fewer, had become more . . . special. So despite all the stresses of becoming a revolutionary, quite independent of his own desires, John had never been happier.
Now, post-case, with just the two of them alone in a room together again, the reminder of who John really was settled on them both like a cloud, and with it, the tense shoulders and shifting feet and awkward glances, like they had caught one another with their pants down and were pretending they hadn’t seen anything (as if they hadn’t, in reality, gone far beyond
“You fell in love with him!”
“Again, John.”
Then Sherlock began to stir, first nuzzling his face into the pillow, then flexing his legs beneath the covers. He seemed to sense that he was being watched, because his eyes fluttered open in search of the spectator.
Him. And Sherlock.
John had wanted to pluck the veins from his arms, one by one, like pulling hair from the drain, just to get rid of it, to get rid of
“I said it’s fine.”
“Not everyone needs that kind of excitement,” he mumbled unconvincingly.
The police officers ringing the dog-pen, just as stunned as everyone at the appearance of the Omega in the center of the ring, at last began to take action, although even they didn’t seem to know what that would be. They weren’t entering the ring. Technically, once a dog fight began (initiated by the declared hour), no one but the contending packs were allowed inside the circle until it was over, not even cops. So instead, they signaled to John, holding out their hands, beckoning him to leave the danger zone and be protected. John ignored them but continued walking until he came within a short distance of the Alphas. There he stopped. The crowd held its breath, mesmerized, horrified.
Two hours and eleven minutes later, Sherlock observed that John was dreaming.
“Is that a no?”
, he thought, studying the chart. It was important that he latch onto charts and facts and numbers and scientifically backed claims, if only not to lose his head completely. He pretended he was back in med school, studying something dull and disconnected from his own life. Like . . . jellyfish. Moss. The migratory patterns of swallows.
“Sorry. Wrong term. What would you say? Sexing? Fucking?”
John almost didn’t answer, not trusting his own voice. But he forced it out. “I’m sorry he’s not coming back.”
“And did your reflection see
To his own surprise, the answer made him sad. “Why?”
A closet wasn’t ideal. Given the potency of the interfering scent, this might take some time, and there wasn’t a lot of space to get comfortable. But also given that they were, technically, on the run and would need to be furtive (and if not, combative), he needed John to be of sound mind and able body—he needed the John Watson that had some experience with this sort of thing. So a twitterpated, addlepated, scent-intoxicated version was no good. No good at all.
For the first time, he fully appreciated the other Sherlock’s fear, that when they swapped back, things would be different between him and his John, because of things that had happened with the stranger. Now, John was sharing the fear. Sherlock had had a taste of a more competent, more confident, more amazing version of John Watson. How could he go back to
. His heart burned. The word had never sounded so wonderful. Fresh tears welled up in his eyes.
He bent over. Slowly, he lathered his arse with the jelly until he was dripping with it. Then he pressed his middle finger into what had once been a gaping hole but was now a puckered knot. It resisted him; his finger was reluctant to enter; he was uncomfortably tight. Oh, this was bad. So bad. He would never be able to stretch himself sufficiently to accommodate an Alpha. With a cry of frustration, he held back, straightened himself on the bed, and rolled his shoulders. “Do it, just do it,” he coached himself.
“Oh?”
,” said John, breathing heavily, “
Sherlock had lain himself bare, and was awaiting a response.
“Actually, Sherlock,” he said, “now is not the best time.”
John pushed open the door on his side and hurried around to the pavement leading to the front doors of St. Margaret’s. “Hang on,” he said. “What’s your final theory?”
And yet, the last thing he wanted to do was go back to being the old John Watson. He now knew a different sort of existence, a more liberated one, and he liked it. He wanted it. Only, he wanted it
was the way things
Sherlock pulled back, bewildered. “Excuse me?”
“What?”
Thirty very quiet minutes later, his face was bright red and he was a little overheated—and not in a good way. The feeling he had expected from food poisoning at last manifested: nausea.
with remorse.  “Crawling into your flatmate’s bed and then throwing yourself on top of him in the middle of the night is
“Come on, you know what I mean.”
John and Sherlock navigated the grand old building’s spacious hallways, John leading Sherlock by the hand. It seemed . . . appropriate, linking themselves together like that. When they reached the door to the laboratory, however, Sherlock let go, reached into the back of his trousers, and produced a pistol. John’s eyes widened in surprise.
By the time he had finished in the bathroom and entered the sitting room, the sun was fully in the sky and filling both windows. The flat was quiet. Oh, that was right. Sherlock’s new case. He had received the message to his blog about midnight the night before, and Sherlock was eager to get started on it, in part to get it taken care of and keep his calendar cleared for the next three days. He was probably an hour gone already, and John had slept right through it.
A flash of pain scattered across Sherlock’s face, but in the next second, he had full mastery of himself again, and his expression became stone. He took a step closer. John was reminded that Sherlock, as an Alpha, was a larger specimen than he was used to; and he, John, was just a tiny Omega.
“Yeah, I guess you could say that. Caught me on the street, pulled me down an alley. I . . . I was lucky to get away.”
“I’m serious.”
Overcome, he sank back to the couch and found himself resting against Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock’s arm wrapped around him as he finished the letter.
. He had sold textbooks and dictionaries and almanacs and DIYs. It was humiliating. The kid hadn’t even set foot at university, and as far as he could tell, had never even left the country. For John, being a doctor and a soldier were indelible marks of his identity, and to have them stripped away felt like being skinned alive. Everything he knew, he knew because of those labels: medicine, anatomy, pathology, emergency care, gone! Sharpshooting, strategy, regiment, Morse code, disappeared!
He did know where. It was a wing he coded as “Study in Pink,” but what he really meant was “John Watson.”
“Oh?”
“Whatever that was,” said John, but barely above a whisper; there was something of fear in his eyes now now, and Sherlock regretted seeing it there, “don’t do it again.”
of the released rhino getting closer.
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispered in return.
His fingers hovered over the keys while he considered the best key phrase for his strange question. In the end, he kept it simple, and into the search engine, he typed "heat sex."
They lapsed again into silence, and not a terribly comfortable one. For a short moment, John wondered if he had said the wrong thing, made a mistake. But no. He was confident that in order for the mirror trick to work again, the conditions had to be exactly as they were before, and that meant John alone in the sitting room, and Sherlock in the bedroom. And if that meant he wouldn’t get to see or talk to his own Sherlock either, so be it.
[Then he shook his head, scratched out the last bit, and scribbled furiously onto the notepad.]
to leave. He was medically cleared and able-bodied, so he was damn well walking out of there on his own. John shoved his feet into his shoes and laced them tight, shrugged into his jacket, and pulled his watch out of a little tray at his bedside table. But he noticed that the watch face had a water bubble inside, and the time was stuck at twelve o’clock, right down to the second-hand ticker. Broken. He put it on anyway.
“If you like. I didn’t believe in fate before I met you. I didn’t understand it until I met the other John. But yes, I believe there is a state of perfection, and the universe corrects for it. It’s what brought you back to me. And it’s what will take the other John back home. Safe. With the Sherlock of his world. Because that’s how it’s supposed to be.”
“That’s it then, eh? That’s your evidence. Ghosts.”
“I don’t get it,” Sherlock suddenly burst out. John startled. “You’re the emotional one, the romantic, the seven-years-shagging-one-bloke Casanova. Why aren’t
But John was horrified. “Oh my God!”
Sherlock’s gut wrenched. “Don’t. I can fix this. John. Let me fix this.”
“Hm?” John was thumbing through the paper and scanning headlines for an article of interest. In his other hand, he balanced a bit of egg on the corner of his toast.
Sherlock.
“No one did,” said Sherlock. “And maybe if you had used
“You do?”
The two on the bridge had not left it. They stood immobile, watching.
“May it never be said of me that I mistreated my Omega.”
satisfied. Not you, John, or you never would have made a pass at him to start with. So are you just going to go back to bottling that up? You still love him, don’t you?”
“Shit, shit,” said John, taking a page out of John’s book and allowing himself to swear. It was only then that he remembered Sherlock’s words, his fear, if ever his John were to discover that Sherlock had shagged him. “He’d be appalled. Revolted. Mortified … He simply cannot know …”
“I really can’t say. Hitting the water, he was knocked unconscious, but we should have been able to revive him completely by now. By all measurements, he’s healthy. So we’re flummoxed as to why he should persist in this comatose state.”
“And I handled it.”
Without sensing his lack of understanding, she continued, “It wasn’t full-on dark yet, but near enough. Should have been tucked away and safe in my flat, but I wasn’t paying attention. Got caught up watching a film with some mates, didn’t even notice the clocks. When I did, I couldn’t afford a cab. I hurried, but . . . not quick enough, I guess.” She laughed, but without cracking a smile. “You’d think, my whole life spent watching the sun, I wouldn’t make such a bloody stupid mistake.”
One: The world believed John Watson was a fighter, a revolutionary. The cheers of the crowd still rang in his ears, and not only those captured on television, either. He now understood exactly what he had been experiencing in Hyde Park, and it was John Watson in all his glory. But . . . that hadn’t been
She sighed, and it seemed they were both resigned to exchange the necessary pleasantries dictated by social decree before moving on. “You’re looking well,” she said.
“DNA evidence from the crime matched an Alpha in the system. I need to get down to the Yard. Lestrade will be questioning relatives, those who may have seen him last, those who might know where he and the others are hiding out. The hunt is
“You’re saying you’ve been celibate for
sure what he was doing. Even with the other Sherlock, with whom he had, erm, experimented more widely, he had never really taken the lead. But with Sherlock now seated on the sofa, he crawled on top, one knee on either side of Sherlock’s thighs. Sighing, he sat back on Sherlock’s knees, grasped Sherlock’s hair, and rested his forehead against his Alpha’s.
” Sherlock ran both hands down his face, exhaling loudly. “All right. What’s his solution?”
“You mean, they’ll keep you here anywhere from eight days to three weeks?”
“We’ll take
“Because!” Sherlock lifted a hand to John’s face, holding his cheek to soothe the worry lines there. “The bloody universe hasn’t made us all go through such shit just to fuck it all up now.”
Byron stood dumb, mouth hanging open with nothing to say.
“How bad, Sherlock?”
John perked up. “Really?”
“Not recently. He hasn’t . . . That is, in the beginning, John was, I don’t know, skittish. He’d had some bad experiences. With Alphas. Service Alphas, primarily.” As he spoke, he continued dragging his fingers across John’s scalp, parting the hair, cooling him. John felt like he was melting. “And those memories provoked him, sometimes. I would hold him, then.”
