"Ah, sorry, sir," she says, putting her magazine down. She gets off the stool and presses a button in the booth. "They started coming through a few hours ago. Chemsworth's to the left and down the street." The barrier groans open slowly, and Sherlock strolls through. "Do you know what's on?" She asks after him.
Without thinking, Sherlock draws Redbeard fully flush to the attacker, and reaches between the massive pumping bodies to loosen the girth strap as the serpentine skull of the
“You’re gorgeous, oh, you’re amazing,” John says, shunting them deeper inside. Something in Sherlock’s hindbrain flickers to life, on and off, a rising agony searing between his lungs. “Do you - do you want to…”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, and John smiles at him, following when Sherlock returns to the house again, leaving the door open for John. He strides into the downstairs kitchen, aiming for the closet. John’s footsteps follow his on the stairs.
Water, water, he needs a glass. Setting the metal down carefully onto the countertop as to not wake Mrs Hudson in the rooms down the hall, Sherlock goes about opening a cabinet with shaking hands. He finds a clean glass and rushes to the tap.
. Clearly, John is in charge over there. And everywhere, down on the beach, in town, at the festival...
“They’re all cross over in Hawkins. Saying she didn’t drop a shell this year,” A man beside Sherlock whispers. It’s not directed at Sherlock.
The weight of what has been uncovered sinks John’s shoulders like a stone in water. His mouth drops open, eyes flickering far away from Sherlock’s gaze, the creases over his brow appearing. Sherlock regards the wild-eyed romantic.
John turns his head, then his body, looking around the flat. Sherlock stands, awkward and apprehensive but strangely concerned about what this tiny man thinks of his living space.
Sherlock’s back is against John’s surprisingly soft front… He's having a difficult time stopping his eyes from getting teary again. Or from drooping. He sags, head tipping back and eyes closing. With John's arms still comfortably around him, John trying to resettle the duvet over Sherlock's body, namely his feet, Sherlock goes on.
One rider in front of them tries to give his mount more rein, but the second he does, the horse streaks towards the ocean, and the rider wavers, tucking the
How long has he been standing, waiting there, and watching? Did he have a reaction, a reaction to — Sherlock looks down, staring at Hope’s lifeless body and the sand, rippled and messy from the quick departure of the crowd.
John keeps watching, even while Gladstone’s wicked teeth begin to clack over the wood by the little window as he lifts his face up to it.
The island won’t forgive him if he pulls back, and neither will the spider. He won’t risk the revocation of John’s racing terms just because nerves are making his hands shake.
It’s really all he has, these brief moments of touching contact. John offering his arm while they watched Beryl step into the ocean for the last time, John taking his hand during the storm, at the pub. Now, with John’s capable fingers gripping his arm tightly, Sherlock stays down, listening to quiet footsteps.
Sherlock’s breath catches as the knee of the other rider digs deeply into his leg, thumping repeated bruises with the quick gait of his
There’s near forty horses and equal men, and Sherlock cannot picture anyone but the riders that didn’t make it. Hope, the man John shot, the casualties in the first week, the murdered boy.
John wipes his hands on his trousers. “Nothing serious, just the one tooth. Definitely dead. Should remove it so it doesn’t get infected.” Redbeard licks his teeth, snorting again as John shuts him into the stall.
He scowls, but secretly wonders if his mind had created such a sequence in sleep, or if it were truly fact from the racing reports last year. Perhaps the lines had blurred a bit, since his body is sore and exhausted, stiff with fatigue and dried saltwater.
John smiles fondly at him. Or, rather, Sherlock believes it’s fond, because it’s the same way Sherlock looks at John, when he’s sure the other man isn’t looking. He thinks he may be slipping, ruining his own facade, because the dark ocean far beyond the cliffs and the quay make a lovely background for John, eyes of tidepools and hair of chalk.
Mrs Hudson whirls on him, and for but a moment, Sherlock fears she’s going to throw something at him, because that’s the sort of look on her face. He leans back in the iron-backed chair.
The ride into town is nice. The border collie's at Mrs Turner's bark and whine at him. The open plains and few hills offer nowhere to hide. The beginnings of fixation, of the calm and query that overtake him when he rides, fizzle to life in his mind. At this time of the year, so early in October, a water horse would not be found this far inland.
“If she's the fastest thing on land, don't you trust her to win you more than she's worth?” Sherlock crosses his arms.
One more after that. “Charles Augustus Magnussen,” Says a voice dripping in poison glaze, “Mary. By my blood…”
Sherlock holds the saddle and Gladstone’s lead while John fits the scarlet cloth on top of Redbeard’s pad, and throws the saddle back over top again. John cinches the girth tightly for him, and Sherlock doesn’t double-check it. He could have done it himself, but John’s hands steady out when he helps. Sherlock wouldn’t deny John that.
“If you ever did,” Sherlock quips, delighted when John smiles. Sherlock’s eyes drop back down but there is no time to turn back to the board with the odds. Great eyes with long lashes are peering over at him.
Sherlock has to put effort into keeping himself still. He wants to squirm under the scrutiny, the force of John's full attention. How many times has he wished for this? And now that he has John, watching him, listening to him, fully and only him, he feels pressure.
There are other faces that Sherlock recognizes in the massive crowd. Lestrade, Watson, Murray, Hope. Within his own circle, Lestrade laughs and mutters something, the shadows jumping over the indents in his face and spattering firelight across his nose. There's a game of familiarity to all of this, to all of the riders. Sherlock's stomach is uneasy as he comes to a third bonfire, managing his way in the writhing mass of people and avoiding the champion rider. Before the third bonfire is a great, flat rock, splattered and streaked with brown. It takes a second before Sherlock realizes what he’s looking at - just as Doctor Fletcher is pulling himself up onto the rock - it’s blood. Old, old blood. And a lot of it.
Surely, he would be able to see something were it coming for them. He’s unsure of where they would go, but he would see it, at the very least. The wind, lightening up now, as if in anticipation, pushes the scent of brine towards them. He licks his cracked lips, mouth parted, listening, wishing he could taste the air for a scent.
John's lack of modernization is more charming than irritating, presently. He didn't argue against the courtly romance guidelines. Interesting. Reading on the subject will have to be done. "When they need me, which is always. I've already said." Sherlock tucks the stray cat hairs into his pocket, patting it securely down. Will find a bag for that later.
“For the sake of closure and morbid curiosity, I want to know what happened to my brother. I would not be shocked to find him dead in a city rubbish skip somewhere. My landlady deserves the house for putting up with me for all these years, and I want to beat Moriarty at his own foolish game, you, and the Races. That's all there is to it.”
The flared ridges of the shell poke into Sherlock’s hand. He turns it over to peer at it against the dimness as he leans his head against John’s arm. Images of the mare goddess, of whoever was in the costume that night of the festival with a deep, ocean-filled voice, surface in his mind. The delicious air of the festival, the splintering pops of the bonfire, the crashing of drums, the sharp prick on his fingertip.
The cab rolls slowly, parking out on the edge of a gated neighborhood. Never visited this particular residential area before. The homes beyond the black fence are all multi-storied, large buildings, all painted white and light pastel, indistinguishable from the overcast sky and the clouds rushing through up above.
Sherlock nods. Fifths will get him the blonde mare for free upfront, but four-fifths of the prize money will go to the bowler hat standing before him now. There's not much money anywhere but first place. Still, even a fifth of that could pay off Mrs Hudson’s house and get Sherlock to the mainland, several times over.
“I lied to you.” He comes out with it. “After Hope died on the beach, when I spoke with Moriarty, I told him I would not back out of the Races if he allowed you to buy Gladstone from him when you won.”
Sherlock. I’m not stupid, you know, even if I never was as clever as you and your brother.” Mrs Hudson sits on the kitchen chair beside him. “But I
“Your odds are very high,” Sherlock says, a touch of bitterness behind his voice. It's not directed at John, and is resigned in its manner. No hope of winning, but he'll die trying. He glances up to the black chalkboard above them both. From down here, he can barely see John's name, tilted way up at the top. Sherlock closes his notebook.
It isn’t difficult for Sherlock to follow - it seems easier to laugh when Watson’s already doing it. Redbeard shifts his weight, stagnant too long, and nickers, soft and quiet, like a mare to her foal, only Sherlock and Redbeard are neither one of those. Sherlock, letting his laughter dissolve into breathless giggles, pats Redbeard’s neck. It was nice of the horse to check up on him.
“On the beach, after Hope.” Sherlock frowns. Didn’t they discuss that this morning? The day has been so long. The station and Lestrade, the caves beneath Thisby, Gladstone, John. John, kissing him, touching his face, his tongue coaxing Sherlock’s lips to part…
Squinting, he keeps staring at the letter, feigning disinterest in the same detached manner he did yesterday morning, with John on the sofa. “I told him that I knew he was playing a game,” he says, telling the truth. Then, he lies. “And that was all.”
More irked by his own sharp manner of speaking than anything John or Mrs Hudson have done, Sherlock flings open the door with no regard for John behind him.
Oh, he hasn’t said a thing, and Sherlock’s gouged with fear. His chest is flayed. His heart is tattered, torn in two.
“...many years ago, we used to slaughter the man that would not race!” Fletcher shouts. A shape, dark in firey shadow, moves behind him - the head of a horse. Sherlock’s heart leaps to his throat.
Although, it does seem silly to preen and wonder over John’s opinion, when John’s real name probably isn’t even
Taken aback, Sherlock forgets the envelope and glances to John from the corner of his eye. Why would John assume he’d spoken to Moriarty at all? Or, is it not an assumption? Had Moriarty changed the parameters of the deal he and Sherlock had struck?
Unwilling to let John know that he’s right, that Sherlock does have somewhere to be, Sherlock keeps a persistent quiet, knitting his mouth shut.
Gladstone stands high, proud and hurt, his whole form shivering. Sherlock has never seen a water horse unchanged by the ocean.  Gladstone balances the weight of one of his hind legs on the tip of a hoof. A riderless horse is stalking the edges of the land, prancing and fighting in iron chainmail, but takes no interest in Sherlock’s movement.
would be a lie, and not very impressive. “He ran up the stairs, took them two at a time. Were it for anything besides, he wouldn’t have hurried. There’s a body waiting. Paired with the fact I could see his holster under his coat, which he doesn’t carry on a regular basis, it was obvious.”
He cannot wait here, hoping for Mycroft to reappear out of nowhere. He could live homeless in the sea caves on the leeward side of the island, busy himself with his scientific questions of the water horses and the strange pull of the ocean. But come November and October, and he will be ripped apart by incoming
“You were. Molly has no motive to kill, none at all. Check his wallet if you think that’s what she wanted, nothing’s missing. Even his pocket’s still got his watch in it.”
“It won’t be necessary again. I only ever meet one person at a time. It’s you, now. I should seek no one else.” He drops his hand to his side, staring openly at Sherlock.
The human body is an incredible machine, with John’s as the most incredible. Able to heal broken pieces, shift and change according to circumstance, like John. John rocks against him, grips their cocks together and slides a hot, wet hand between them both. Sherlock clings to him completely, mind unable to escape and travel elsewhere.
Without regard to Sherlock, Redbeard launches forward, surpassing Gladstone and Mary, jerking his head so far forward that the reins fly out of Sherlock’s slick grip. Sick, Sherlock takes hold of the horn of the saddle with one hand and a handful of Redbeard’s red mane in the other, fingers curling so tight that his nails bite into his palm.
John has climbed onto the side of one wall, beside the drawbridge chains. Already, he’s a few inches off the ground, but there is a long way to go. For a moment, Sherlock squints at him.
Sherlock’s apology is a return to his usual voice and apathetic demeanor. “Even if you had it wouldn’t show up in the system. You said it was likely the same person responsible for the killings 18 years ago. If he’d been printed since, there would have been a match from the old murders.”
. John doesn’t want him to go anywhere; John wants him to stay on Thisby. “I can’t listen to him say that.”
Becoming distracted again, Moriarty faces the wind, blowing back his dark hair, and squinting into it, shielding the cigar with his hands. “We play the same game, you and I.”
It’s the cold, making his fingers slow; it’s the crowd that keeps bumping into him; it’s Moriarty, turning his mind raw and angry. It’s the vendors, hocking island trinkets to paying tourists and shouting loudly; it’s the gulls for circling the air like they know what’s to happen.
“You can't go down there, Sherlock. The horses are coming up. Don't you hear that? There's… there's a water horse down there. They’re trying to get it.”
John’s face has gone soft. His island focus flickers around Sherlock’s expression, stuttering at his bloody lip and brow. He tugs Sherlock's hand, wavering when Sherlock cringes painfully, his ribs grinding in the wrong ways. Sherlock’s trousers are entirely soaked with mud and rain. “Please. Let’s get out of this weather.”
The small amount of light pollution cuts out the black behind the clouds, lets the red of the bonfires all around Skarmouth be seen in the sky. His mother used to tell him that the island was dangerous, especially at this time of night, because this time is when all the colors known to mankind blended together into a blue-black. A man could walk off a cliff, thinking he was just taking another step onto the grasses. Only the
Sherlock stares at it, suddenly transfixed. It steals all the mystery in the room and exude its strange, soft magic in little pulses. He lifts his head.
John’s hand cards up into Sherlock’s hair, catching on unbrushed curls. Sherlock melts, tilting his head back, and he can feel the rise of John’s cheek as the man smiles at his neck.
“Aconitine. It's not artificially synthesized - it's a natural component. There are so many more effective toxins, even as blatant as anthrax, why would someone choose aconitine?”
“Who let you into the house? Or did you take it upon yourself to barge in, ever the good officer?” Sherlock is pleased that his voice is as low as usual, though it is a tad rough from sleep. He collapsed into it merely a few hours ago, having been working on a
Redbeard ambles along, and Sherlock scans the horizon, half-hoping and half afraid of what he might find.
are steadily being pulled from the scuffle as they become excited at the smell of blood and flesh and the sounds of a fight. He’s fixated on staring at the black stallion. Its long, gaunt face and haunting dark eyes stare right back. Sherlock feels a primal fear slide down his spine. The stallion’s nostrils are long and thin, to keep the sea out. Its eyes are black and slick; like a fish’s. This is what he's been seeing when he carts Redbeard past the Stockyard each morning.
,” He sits back in the chair. He turns out his palms, smiling. Sherlock can see the crinkles in the corners of his eyes from across the plane of the desk, the crow’s feet. “Who would believe
“Moriarty,” John knocks hard on a thick wooden door. He ignores a few pretty fairytale books stacked on a table beside the office. Just for show, like Moriarty reads anything more than his checks. “Moriarty.”
She baulks at the two of them, and with some motherly fretting, she lets them inside. It’s warm and smells like orange meringue pie, but the freezing wet clothes muffle away all of Sherlock’s heat. He can hear the buzzing of the mainland radio drifting through all the rooms.
He hands off the pages to John, who impatiently takes them from him. John reads while Sherlock steeples his fingers below his chin, deep in thought.
sweep down the tract of sand, screaming to each other. From Sherlock’s perspective, he can see the glints of sharp weapons in racer’s hands. Another gull swiftly darts just over Sherlock’s head, and allows him to catch a glance of the deaths from these Races - nine, out of thirty-four riders.
What can he see from here, dozens of meters away in the dark and against the cold? The man is a fisherman, Sherlock can see his clothes and his type of shoe, had seen the scars over the backs of his knuckles from the fishhooks when they were closer. And his hands — always shaking.
Grains of sand prickle his thighs over his breeches, hair blown back. He crouches low over Redbeard’s back, pushing him for speed to breakaway from these horses. Redbeard’s shoulders shiver and quake - he knows where they are. High knees devour the wet sand before them in impossible strides, and the
He walks right into the room, clearly unsure where to step. Each movement is calculated, careful, and considerate, and he doesn’t touch anything he doesn’t intend to take. Sherlock glances to the till, the only one in the entire station, meant for keeping coins exchanged for stamps or sent packages or pickups of magazines.
Slipping from John's sleeping embrace is difficult, because John acts like space heater and the rest of the flat is cold, as well as the fact that John has pinned his waist. Sherlock must, sadly, pry him off.
“Got the papers, though.” Sherlock brandishes them, waterlogged and inky as they may be. He puts his cheek back down on the pavement, just lying in the middle of the street, soaking wet, on his belly. Nevermind how many people over the years have thrown up on the streets, probably in this exact spot.
The phrasing is what makes this statement a killer. Watson would have to argue with him, because Sherlock will most definitely insist upon it, just to keep the conversation going. This conversation, said from the backs of a predator and a prey animal, with such extreme highs and lows, awkward silences, and things that Sherlock can’t understand.
Stickiness clings to Sherlock’s belly as evidence, smeared between him and John’s heavy weight. His senses filter in, slowly expanding from the pinhole of focus on taste and touch that he’d been grasping for. The shivering in his legs, weariness of his quadriceps from clenching around John’s body for so long, is without end. Sherlock relaxes his arms over John’s perspiring shoulders, allowing them to drop away as John shifts.
John’s brisk, irritated pacing halts. John's mouth pinches, a dot of shadow on the dip over his upper lip. “Who?”
Just in the nick of time, she stops and John emerges from the loo, holding a hand towel, apparently all that he could find in the little room. “Sorry, he’s just, he’s absolutely freezing,” he says by way of explanation to Mrs Hudson, who waves, starstruck. John bunches the towel in a fist-sized wad and stepping close, pressing it against the back of Sherlock’s neck. Warm relief is immediate, and Mrs Hudson makes eyes at them in reference to her earlier stance.
“Not more foolish than jumping into the quay?” Sherlock offers, high and tight and strained in an unfamiliar way.
John's thumb sweeps Sherlock’s cheekbone, swiping over cold skin and salt. John leans away to see better. The knee-jerk urge to turn away rises in Sherlock's chest. There’s nowhere to hide from John now, not even in the shadows of the Skarmouth buildings surrounding them. Has there ever been a place to hide from John? Not even lies could keep John from him. “It was that or that Yard, and I’d come from there. Moriarty was gone as well. I know you. And him. You’re dramatic.”
“Her name is Mrs Hudson, don’t expect anything from her, she’s very difficult when I come home late.” He pops the door handle definitively, and is assaulted with cold wind when he steps out of the car. Instantly, all the heat that had formed with two living breathing bodies in the car is swept away. The papers ruffle as he retrieves them, pulling John’s jacket tight over his hunched shoulders.
Sherlock hides his unease with a shrug. He shifts the length of his coat again, purposely giving a pause that suggests he doesn't care. “I suppose. If I see him.”
Redbeard’s leg kicks out, slamming against the panels of the stall. His head is thrown back and he whinnies highly again, panicked eyes jerking wildly, with his ears flicking around to pinpoint the source of his anxiety. He doesn't have his saddle or reins in, not even a halter on, very unusual for him - it must be adding to his fear.
Another gunshot. Redbeard’s legs continue their difficult rush forwards after a near-trip. The rain rips at Sherlock’s cheeks, turning them redder and more raw, until they feel like pricks of ice, stabbing at his face.
The white-calm of adrenaline streaking through his veins, the way Gladstone’s pelt warms and burns to the touch, the utter silence and stillness of all the
All the waves crash and kick together, flinging white seafoam into the air before sliding back to one flat plain of water. If it were night, or if it were cloudier, he may not see any horses that pull themselves up from the ocean on this side of the island. These ones would be all hard rock and crashing tide, all blunt teeth and hungry eyes.
Will he like it, considering he lives in a tiny flat near a barn? How clean is his room? Why does he think John will even see his room? No, best to restrict John to common areas that Mrs Hudson has reign over.
Hope’s point turns moot when Gladstone’s sinewy neck snaps towards him, and when his yellow teeth tear out Hope’s throat.
Sherlock occasionally drops by to think if Mrs Hudson’s crew of bridge players are over, although he’s been neglecting the building and its resident priest recently on account of the Races and all that the season entails. The night he signed up for the Races, at Hawkins’ Tavern, he ran into Father Stamford, who told Sherlock of his old acquaintanceship with John Watson. ‘
“Unless,” Crawls a dripping cadence from the notary’s office, “He was out with the champion rider again.”
“And,” Watson says, pulling the water horse aside so Sherlock can see the whole of him, every toned muscle and ebony hair on him, “Gladstone here is thirty four. Your Redbeard’s a pony to him and I.”
“You’re some drivel from Mycroft’s office, although there is a four-percent chance that you’re MI6, as you’re dreadfully committed and seemingly physically qualified for this intel mission that my brother has sicced on me…”
Sherlock knows more. The saddest thing in the world is an obvious fact, missed and ignored by the masses. He can tell what people ate for breakfast, their pets left alone on the mainland, their source of generational wealth and income, and all of it is useless, because nothing extraordinary happens on Thisby, in Sherlock’s opinion.
where the heat is coming from. He’s radiating it in waves, it’s pouring off of him and Sherlock devours it. The back of Sherlock’s neck pricks with sweat, and his lips part. It’s not like being naked alone - being naked with John Watson is another affair entirely. It’s
John has lived these five minutes seven times over, ran them quicker than anyone. How can Sherlock be faster than the fastest thing alive? Does he
“If not-dying is your cup of tea.” John raises his thermos, then sets it down on the grass beside him.
what he has to do to get the money, because there's barely anything in second place, how's he going to afford a
He’s trapped in place. Perhaps the high waves have made the sand too firm around his ankles and he fell victim to it in his idle state, but something tells him that his mind has made it so he cannot move.
There’s a problem. Down the shore on the sand, where the other racers are still battling and racing for second, the water horses have kept coming. But John is a good distance from the finish line --
Moriarty regards him for another long moment. The dagger’s handle glints in his hand. He grins. Then, “You’re just like him. Two hundred.” He extends his palm, leisurely.
Got you. Twitching mouth, mugged with a shadow of stubble. He never grew it very fast, much, or evenly.
Sherlock stepped over the large castle with difficulty, even with long legs. He knocked off the roof of a tower with a misplaced ankle and sent it skittering into the courtyard. Pausing, he felt guilty for a moment before he realized the thing was supposed to be able to come off. He crouched to replace it atop the castle's tower, but not before sneaking a glance inside. It was still strewn with his papers and magazine clippings that had fluttered down from the flat's wall after the conclusion of his last case.
Edit: you can view artwork by Bill-and-till on tumblr here!: https://fourthvvall.tumblr.com/post/186969459724/this-is-a-scene-taken-out-of-the-wonderful-fic-in
up at him. Slowly, the tiny figurine raises the jagged dagger. Sherlock stares, mystified, at the subtle movement, the tiny clench of the knight's hand around his dagger.
John turns back around to look at the body on the floor. “You might as well have,” he says, which is absolutely infuriating. Mostly because, yes, John’s right, Sherlock doesn’t know all the details about this weapon, which is unfortunate because if he did, he wouldn’t need the advice of a tiny knight.
“There’s a ferry that leaves in the morning,” John interjects, “the killer could leave Thisby, or could’ve left already.”
The wind is blowing hard, brisk as the sky is bright. Redbeard’s warm body shifts beneath him, tilting him in the tight saddle. On his left is the endless stretch of open water, to his right is the ever-shifting line of
Sherlock’s mind recoils from the thought. He allows Redbeard, puffing from his run here, but not as badly as last week, to walk a few meters away from the cliff edges. Sherlock looks over at the sea, grey and dark blue, capped with white as waves tumble over to eat at the island.
Sherlock risks a glance to the front of the line. He's steadily moving closer. John Watson is in the front now, handing over coins to Janine.
Releasing the tightly gathered rein, Gladstone drops his leg, dipping his head tightly to his chest and arching his neck. Sherlock thinks he can see Gladstone’s ears lengthening, the prominent bones popping, stretching skin tightly overtop, like jet-black canvas flitted with fine white hairs. How old is Gladstone? He seems centuries.
“If you’re away from me for a moment, I will know. And you will be very sorry,” John commands suddenly, capturing Sherlock’s attention. His eyes are a dark, cobalt blue. He glares at Sherlock from under his brow. In this moment, he is as unsettling as Mary. Sherlock tightens his grip on John’s hand. He is holding on so tightly that water has yet to slip between their wrists and wet their palms. John is grasping just as fiercely.
Without a need to be loud to account for the difference in their sizes anymore, John’s voice, real and comprehensible, sounds pleasing to Sherlock’s trained hearing. It’s masculine and rugged, and softer than Sherlock would have expected. “So long as you don’t keep swanning about.”
He turns back to John as Lestrade is swallowed into the crowd of drunken townsfolk, contrasted heavily in the overhead lights. The bags under his eyes don’t seem too bad, but that stubble over his neck looks itchy. And handsome. And a bit red, because John has been methodically scratching at some of it throughout the night. Now, Sherlock hears his nails rasp over his skin and hair.
Sherlock is already running the numbers on the sizes of the hives, wondering how many colonies should coexist without issue. They’ll have to get honey bees, of course, and by the models he can see in the yard, which must be as old as the house, there are removable combs inside. How much wood has been rotted away by Thisby’s salted wind? How much work has to be done to repair these hives?
The champion dissolves any doubts Sherlock had had thus far. John’s fingers slide down Sherlock’s woolen arm until they arrive at his hand. Sherlock cautiously pushes his fingers between John’s, then bends them until he is locked in place.
to,” Sherlock assures him, voice coming out high and defensive, feigning offense that John doesn’t think him to have any sense of agency. “John, I’ve been affected by you since we met,
he thinks, rocking the lead rope when the white mare starts to pull astray. This reminds him of helping children onto the island ponies at Skarmouth fairs, leading Henry like this.
He’d almost forgotten the tiny man that's hidden in the folds of his scarf, just below his collar. Sherlock straightens immediately. It wouldn’t do to have John fall out. Both because they are surrounded by officers, Donovan and Lestrade, and Sherlock can only assume that a fall from this height would injure John. And, John would probably not like to land on a dead body. He pats down his pockets, pretending to assess the body from above.
“There are no others,” John’s gives Gladstone a final approving pat, glancing to Sherlock over his shoulder. There’s a soft smile on his face, a truthful smile.
Bleak, windy, with clouds pregnant with unfallen rain. The grey clouds that his mind had since created for him vanish, and are replaced by those of a storm.
He is, nonetheless, disinclined to mention it should he pull too taunt, apply pressure and break something.
beneath him. After riding Gladstone with John, Sherlock can understand the deep, yearning urge, the powerful temptation, the way the magic can grip a man.
“Aha, victory…” John mutters, and turns his attention to the steaming kettle. Sherlock allows a trembling smile to crawl over his face.
He exits the shop, the bell tinkles above his head, and Redbeard snorts at him from the post, betrayed Sherlock’s spent money but not bought anything for him. Sherlock checks that his reins are fixed properly on the post above the trough, and pats the red stallion’s shoulder. Redbeard stomps that hoof as if Sherlock were an annoying fly. Sherlock reaches up and pulls on his ear, and the stallion swings his head, hindered by the confines of the reins, to shove his nose against Sherlock’s chest, huffing warm breath out over Sherlock’s waistcoat, and all is forgiven.
Not about the blood, not about the people. If they were just about horses, we may as well have never bothered with them in the first place…”
John waves at the priest, and they exchange a few words, and Sherlock begins to sweep back up the aisle.
For one horrible moment, Sherlock pictures them tumbling to the sand and being dragged to drown, but Redbeard darts on, quick and small and steady.
The first time Sherlock saw the rider atop the black horse, he didn't. It was raining, and there was a tarp over the pony cart. He only saw the water horse and cowered, yanking on the wet reins and nearly tipping over the pony cart filled with grain bags trailing behind Redbeard.
John broadens his shoulders, just stretching his upper back a little bit, but the simple movement has Sherlock’s head spinning. Beginning to grow more irritated, the stranger and more acute his fascination and infatuation becomes, Sherlock purposefully looks away, thinking of meringue pie and the sandpipers on the other side of the beach while taking deep breaths.
How can John know him through his mouth so well, after only an hour spent together on these cliffs? The wind blows against the chalk. John is soft, like he has been since he struck up this odd acquaintance with Sherlock, but now there is nothing repressed in his voice. It seems he has said all he has ever wanted to this afternoon. Sherlock’s answer takes a long time to emerge from his mouth. John doesn't press him, he spends the few silent moments listening intently to Sherlock's quiet.
“I had a choice to go for him or the file. I chose to go after the photographs. Although his involvement is suspicious, depending on who sent him to steal the toxicology report and photographs, it was better I had the file. Do your job and figure him out yourself. As for entry, he must’ve picked the locks.”
He remembers the first letter he sent to Mycroft, addressed to a government building on the mainland.
“Come on, icicle,” John says, and Sherlock feels the ghost of a hand press his lower back, a gentle push out of his stall.
The castle, Sherlock had most forgotten. Has something broken inside the walls? He’s unsure of how that would happen, it’s made for children, and there’s no way that he is more destructive than a child. He hasn’t touched the thing since last night. Removing the cigarette from between his teeth and expelling a puff of smoke, he crouches beside the castle. He lifts the top of the castle off. He doesn’t see anything smashed or broken, just the empty rooms. He sets the cover back over the towers.
The man in the bowler hat jerks his chin in Sherlock’s direction. “Come on, Sherida," The man says, laughing and giving him a feminine name for his earlier comment-made-threat, "Let's see what you’ve got.”
Wasn’t it John that had implied that the Races are not all about which horse is fastest? He’s smart, he’ll know what to do, and Sherlock has laid trust in him. He smells burning garbage out back, and remembers the dumpster behind the pub where the girl in the yellow dress had been found (though not where she had been murdered).
He turns and grabs John’s head in his hands, his gloves protection against the cold as well as John’s bare skin. His hands slip lower to take John by the upper arms, gripping as intensely as John had pulled on him to hide from the file thief.
Sherlock hums, “After all, it assumes we can do any good for each other. Seeing how that’s turned out for you, I’m not certain Thisby favors you, anymore.”
“Yes, that’s what I was thinking. I’m all for giving the benefit of the doubt,” Mike says, “but I wondered about it. I don’t think anyone noticed me take it.”
Sherlock twists his fingers into the bedsheets before him, watching morning turn the sky grey-violet in the beginnings of a breaking sun through the lone window. The room warms in pink slowly, and John stirs behind him.
He groans in relief when Redbeard acquiesces, finally allowing himself to move out of the stall. Sherlock turns Josephine out and into the pasture encircling Mrs Hudson’s property, and saddles up Redbeard after currying off his coat.
Sherlock doesn’t recognize it - only tries to make sense of it. It sounded like rustic metal. Moving. Grinding. But he doesn’t own something that could make a noise like that by itself. He mentally searches for a weapon again, then, quietly, grabs the box of teabags, listening to the thin cardboard crumple in his fist. He’s an expert boxer. Whatever is in the flat, he’ll be fine.
Cautiously, he strolls into the office, away from the doorway, looking around and acting like he hasn’t already categorized each and every visible item in the room. Like he is an inconsequential tourist.
moving fast on their rear. It hisses and throws itself into a horse racing alongside it, shoulders crashing against shoulder, knee to knee.
Lestrade looks pissed. “So, now I’ve got to do full investigative reports on the fishermen of the island? It’ll take days. And you know how rumors are with those men, if they hear of me looking into their highly lucrative side business, they’ll hide all evidence.”
tries to wade deeper into the water, half-leaping, half-swimming, the water frothing white beneath it, and Sherlock bursts into movement. He takes a deep breath, tries not to think of the dozens of
He feels like a gelid winter morning, staring at Watson, now crouched just before Sherlock, and panting, looking dangerously at him.
“Oh, no, dear. Jim rode up in Father’s car. Such a nice new thing, don't you think? Father had it shipped up from the mainland this past summer.”
The wind blows against the cliffs, eroding the chalk. The gulls squawk harsh questions in the air currents above the beach. The water churns towards the shore, rippling the sand into lines, hard and firm. The whole island is slow and muted - no one exists but him and John, shoes soaked in water and blood.
John works off his jacket. “Take off your coat,” He says, “It’ll only make you colder. Here,” he helps Sherlock sit up. “Are you alright?” Hm. Sherlock doesn’t actually need the help sitting up, he’s exhausted, panting and cold, but not injured. He lets John help him up anyways, gentle hands coaxing over his shoulders as they sit in the yellow-cast semi-circle of a streetlamp, water snaking off Sherlock’s skin and into the cracks in the roadway.
He kicks Redbeard’s side, and the horse’s stride lengthens, until he is devouring great lengths of the island, and Sherlock must squint against the frigid air.
Hope’s grin is as sickening as ever, “You have your ride, I have mine.” Well. Sherlock looks back. Now he's just overusing that line.
Anger nearly crests over him. Whatever did he enter the Races for, if Mycroft’s disappearance was self-administered all along?
Sherlock points his violin bow at Redbeard, right at his face, between his eyes. Redbeard squeals, jerking his head up and getting a light tap of the bow just above his muzzle. Sherlock’s violin is tucked under his chin, and if the bow wasn’t being weaponized against Redbeard, he’d be playing.
Curious, but unwilling to risk John’s life for some experiment that he'll never live to record, he stays quiet.
Finally, strong hands from above find purchase on the fabric over his shoulders, and they drag him up and over the edge. He spits out the papers onto pavement, sure they won’t blow away because they are weighted down just as much as he is by wetness. He hauls himself onto the street completely, using the nearby railing to push up.
that chased him, and then he pictures Mary. Mary is a long face and narrow mouth in his head, with slick shoulders and a breath that stinks with the sweetness of dead things.
She’s so used to him picking up on everything that she doesn't say anything. Which means that Sherlock’s right.
Sherlock scrunches up his nose in offense, finding his own incredulous face reflected back at him. His mouth twitches with the obvious withheld comment,
half in the water, wet and grey, the ocean swaying over its legs and not moving it, the rise of its hide obscuring an empty saddle.
The sword’s make is consistent with the slashes that made up the previous murders in this string. Leaving it here is… something. A message? A forfeit? Is the murderer giving up by giving away his weapon? Conceding, or out there committing ritualistic suicide for a job he perceives as ‘well done’?
“No one could do that to me,” Sherlock scoffs, but it wouldn’t be difficult. The list is only one name long and he’s spent weeks publicly fawning over the man.
Murray’s own horse, Sherlock remembers, is boarded up at the Stockyard. Murray feeds her blood and beef.
His response came on time the next month, with a few month’s rent along with it. Mycroft was paying Sherlock’s rent forward, like he expected to be gone a very long time somewhere in the future. This should've been the first clue. But Sherlock was upset, and, though he wouldn't admit it, betrayed that Mycroft had left.
This is the outcome of what Sherlock has done. It’s his fault. He remembers how Moriarty had taken a drive up to his house, Mrs Hudson’s house, in that bright red cherry car of Stamford’s. A man who could do that would have no trouble tearing away any and all to John’s freedoms, his sole source of enjoyment.
“I’ve owned a small house on the west end, it’s got a stable. When you race for that much, you can buy most anything. I live close to Gladstone, though. No use walking two miles in the cold just for work. Figured I would use the place when I retired.”
“We’re very alike, you and I.” Lightning flashes against wet-slick skin and the frantic glaze of the man above him. Long, thin shadows across his face become like the slitting nostrils of the
Sherlock scoffs, turning his head away for a last check in the mirror. “You’re kept in attics and cases, how would you know?”
Donovan's posture goes rigid, hostile irritation pouring off her. “‘Something?’ So, you don’t know. Great. Greg, you sent Phillip out for nothing. Freak doesn’t know.”
“I suppose you’ve forgotten what big people look like since you’ve begun fraternizing with my brother.”
He makes it seem like they are meant to be hanging around outside the building, and when no one is in sight, Sherlock waves a hand to John. “Keep a lookout,” he says. He turns his back on the cobblestone streets and works open his long, black woven coat. The wind buffets them both, chilling to their bones, raising gooseflesh.
wary and afraid. But John feels so natural against him, tender hands, nose nudging against Sherlock’s, a small touch of wetness against the corner of his mouth from the edge of John’s tongue.
As an afterthought, Sherlock stands and checks his own compartment, the location memorized, but there is nothing there, and he frowns again.
This explanation is so heart-wrenchingly simple and surprising that Sherlock can’t close his open mouth for the next five seconds, then snaps it shut with a click.
They’re pushing them back with iron poles, now, commanding these restless water horses to line up. Some
No more wondering about what had changed Moriarty’s mind then. John’s belly is an uneasy pit of anger and anxiety. That’s what Moriarty had been doing staying on the beach after Hope was killed - he’d been talking to Sherlock. And Sherlock had been talking back.
is not flailing, it's still. Still, but its eyes are wavering, looking around wildly, like the rest of its body is paralyzed, and it is trapped. Its ears are pinned back, and its whole body is drenched in the saltwater and shivering with power. John Watson is still, as well, but his exposed arms, dark jacket sleeves shoved past his elbows, are shaking as he pushes against the
He keeps up his demanding nature of the morning, “Keys, Mrs Hudson!” Mrs Hudson’s voice comes back at him from her room across the hall, muffled by the sound of the closed door.
John isn’t with the seasoned riders that Sherlock is gaining on. The wind throws a heavy arm inland and blasts over Sherlock’s form, pushing Redbeard, urging them farther. The
Sherlock rides the next misty morning, just for the thrill of Redbeard beneath him and the unending cold wind blasting in his face. The air and the land and Redbeard hadn't always brought him an edge of calm, and even now his mind races faster than Redbeard could dream of running. There's a fork in the road, and Sherlock stalls. One side, the less worn side, heads off to Tholla, a cliffside town on the far south side of Thisby, and the other winds straight down to Skarmouth. Both are covered in a fine fog that lies low to the ground.
clacks brittle teeth by Redbeard’s ear as it comes down the slope behind them. Sherlock lifts the reins to draw Redbeard’s head away just in time, pulse rushing.
“It’s most people’s cup of tea,” Sherlock scoffs. He’s not sure if it’s his, given how he spends his life chasing criminals and racing with killer water horses, and trying to find their bones and study them in the off-season.
The bakery is shining in pink morning light as it filters through the hand-painted windows. It casts rings and stripes of shadow over the display of cinnamon twists and November cakes behind glass on the sill. There’s a poster on the wall for the Stockyard’s youngstock auction from Thursday.
Redbeard swings his face around, nudging his mouth to Sherlock’s shoulder as he adjusts the leather girth for the fifth time this morning. Wanting more attention or perhaps breakfast, Redbeard nudges him again, blowing a hot
The huge water horses veered towards the sea while they ran. Blunt fangs glistened beneath the sea foam frothing around their mouths. A blonde mare, huge ears pinned back, lunged at the rider of her neighbor, snapping at his arm, then jerking her head.
John doesn't let go of his hand. He squeezes Sherlock’s, and then tightens the grip, the pads of his fingers pressing hard between Sherlock's knuckles. It's grounding. It keeps Sherlock here.
They must be centuries old. Sherlock would love to copy them into his notebook, to study and compare them to other art, but John’s soft countenance, gazing fondly at the drawings, shuts the school of thought off entirely. He is learning, slowly, to appreciate things instead of wanting to take them apart. Appreciation is important, John has told him.
It gets warm the summer, but now it's starting to cool down. It's still not very cold, the temperature doesn’t force his hands into gloves or anything. That will change as the
John smiles, and the light makes him look in love. “It’s turned out well for me. You’ve helped me to achieve Gladstone. I could leave Moriarty,” he says, “and I could turn and never go back. Has it been bad for you?” He asks, as if suddenly self-conscious about his performance in their (strictly professional) relationship.
This seems to register with Watson, who extends one arm towards Sherlock, staying straight up in the saddle. It’s a practiced thing. Sherlock crinkles the bridge of his nose. “Why not take it off?” Sherlock asks.
“If he does buy her,” Watson goes on, sitting back on Gladstone, broadening his shoulders, and looking like all the world is there for his taking, “I’m making sure she won't ever be waterfront after this year. She's already killed two men down there.”
Contemplative, Sherlock turns his face away to look out the window, at the darkness and the grass rolling by.
No. It’s not her. It’s everything. The way the water horses smell, the way they move, the way the bells tinkle on their halters and bridles, the way their long necks are always cocked back, ready to snap forward and strike like a cobra’s.
For some reason, this cools Sherlock’s spreading nerves. It’s surprisingly easy to fall into this trap - the idea that someone else may hate interaction with others as much as Sherlock does.
“You done?” Says Lestrade, opening the door and hooking a hand around the frame. Donovan follows in his footsteps. She looks more irritable than she had five minutes prior.
(a flair of hot jealousy eats away at this thought), he could’ve predicted this behavior, this suggestion of John’s. It’s intimidating, he realizes, the massive reputation John’s name holds over Thisby. It evokes such images associated with
Mrs Hudson watches him go and then turns back to Sherlock, who is shivering even in the raised temperature of the house. She shuts and locks the door.
In the center of the streets, painted rich gold and ruby under the light of streetlamps and paper lanterns strung high along the telephone wires, the horse-headed woman holds out her hand and one thousand tiny pebbles rain out across the street. Then she flings sand onto the ground, and quashes it into the grout between the stones with her bare toes.
At the beginning, it was small, only annoyance for the man who kept trying so hard to embarrass him, often in front of large crowds. It rose, John had saved him from the clutches of a capall uisce that day on the beach, and Sherlock had been unable to let go. Now, it’s a thick, sticky syrup, drenching every thought in Sherlock’s head.
The tension that had built when John was fingering him returns in earnest, only now it becomes unstoppable, rising high and raising the tropical heat of the room. John’s cock drags and shoves into him, hitting him deep and grazing his point of disaster, and each thrust brushes Sherlock’s cock against John’s belly, warm against him.
The champion rider tries the keys once, then twice. Sherlock has to reach over to set them just in the right spot for the engine to go off, and the vehicle sputters to life just as it had on Sherlock’s trip into town.
Pleasantly surprised by the lack of any teasing, Sherlock follows Lestrade's lead down the next hallway. Mycroft has been toying with his head all morning. It wasn’t entirely fair to snap at Lestrade - he isn’t the person Sherlock is annoyed with.
Left alone at the scene again. But no more investigative work is to be done on the body. Sherlock has garnered what he came here for, a clue towards the identity of the killer. Now he needs to figure the next step to take. There isn't a way to find every older man with a grey cat, but perhaps he can take another road.
Scratches clash over the glass and dents over the side of the watch face. The band is leather, and recently mended by the buckle, to be shortened.
Watson looks thoughtful. Sherlock rushes to accommodate, “It’s not much time. If you disagree,” He looks out towards the cliff edge, to the ocean far below, and waits for a lapse in the wind before finishing, “It’s only because you doubt yourself.”
Watson’s shoulders bunch up and shudder with laughter, hidden under his breath. Sherlock purses his lips, and continues his work at scratching Redbeard’s shoulder to calm his stallion down.
as the water lulls over the rocks, creeping closer to the bottom of the chalk as the tide rolls in, slow and steady, predictable and loyal.
”), who purchased the assets upon the discovery that Moriarty had left no plan for his death. Apparently, he never thought he’d die, or he wanted utter chaos following said death.
John’s hands are stained with red like Gladstone’s grey mouth, and it takes a ragged heartbeat before it registers that it is Hope’s blood and not John’s. Shoulders sagging, John tentatively brushes Gladstone’s forelock away from his fish eyes. Sherlock imagines the champion striking out to sever his wrist from his arm, but the beast does no such thing, his front-facing ears warring forwards, pricked to catch each sound from its focal point.
Mrs Hudson is at the stove when he descends, her apron tied over her dress and her thin hair pinned back. It reminds him of Josephine outside. She fusses with a pan and the kettle before she turns and spots him. She flinches, touches her chest out of surprise, and then swats him with an oven mitt for sneaking up on her.
Sherlock shoves the papers onto the dashboard, spreading them out to prevent more bleeding of the ink. The developed photographs are fine, it seems, but there’s no light in the car to see them by.
Finally, he sighs out, “No.” He puts down the glass, careful to extend his little finger so it doesn't make more than a tap against the countertop. He sniffs, because his nose is runny, and immediately wishes he didn't, because it makes him sound weak.
“John,” Stamford says, louder, clapping John over the shoulder. “I hardly ever see you in racing season. It was a nice surprise. Oh, Mr Haverford?” Stamford begins, and breaks away from the pair of them.
Big chapter update guys so sorry for the length and all the reading you now have to do, but yay an update! Comment if you enjoyed!
“Definitely,” Sherlock says. He steps up to Lestrade, waiting for him to open the door into the actual murder scene. Most of the time Lestrade requires direction from Sherlock to keep his own two feet under him. Now, he’s here assuming he knows what the murder weapon is? “You said
I've also started trying to decide what AU to write next, so if you have any wonderings of, "hey, hardlyfair should be writing xxx, amiright?" pls let me know! I have some ideas, but could use a wider scope!
“I know it’s windy.” Sherlock nods. John must feel Sherlock’s hair on his face, because he takes a moment to lean back, letting go of the places where his hands are, hip and horn, and tucks the longer curls at the back of Sherlock’s skull into the popped collar of his jacket.
that have recently come ashore, while the rest are sticking flowers in the crevices of the rocks that make the cliffs. The whole panel of this beach looks like it's been set up for a memorial, with the pale blue and red cords, the bells that remind him of Mary tinkling in the wind. The men who carried Hope away have disappeared completely, though their footprints denting the sand remain, blown slowly into flatness by the wind.
Sherlock takes it. Last time they’d met, Henry had come off a disappointing ferry and was longing for a cigarette to cover his fatigue. Now, Henry simply appears for all the world like his profession suggests -- hungry for new mounts, new information, new answers, all things that John Watson can provide him with. Sherlock suspects this is the reason that Henry had searched for him. But how did he know that John would be by the racing cliffs this evening?
John turns and sets his jaw, his fists clench. His heels push down. He jolts Gladstone’s rein and allows him more lead, throwing his arms, more freedom to shove himself into Mary’s soaking-wet form. Her skin shimmers and her mouth tears into one of Gladstone’s ears as they run. Gladstone snatches the liberty in stride, wailing that long cry that reverberates off the chalk cliffs.
“Like you aren’t already aware, Doctor Watson,” Moriarty says, puffing out his cheeks and rolling his eyes as he plays with the knife in his hands. He seems unbothered by John’s proximity. “Connections, connections, all across the island, you both have. Why would I want to lose both Holmes and that black horse? However would I eat his heart then?”
For a moment, Sherlock worries that John, moral as he is, may consider sparing Moriarty, truly turning him in to Lestrade. Humane punishment for his unprovable crimes. The anger and grief remains, toiling at what Moriarty has done, what he tried to do to John in the Races. It crushes his mind, his lungs, and his heart.
John crosses his arms while they wait for Molly to reappear, and watches Sherlock eye the November cakes arranged behind glass. “How’d you know about Lestrade?”
Sherlock looks over his shoulder to the cliffs. He’s panting even if he didn’t run more than ten meters across the sand.
First, he examines the seal. Crimson wax, hard and bubbled under the emblem of a horse’s head and a cursive, deep-set
There are four days until the Races and Sherlock’s chest feels heavy. The human heart of a male only weighs ten ounces, but Sherlock feels every milligram of it. It all hangs down his body, pulled to the ground by an invisible halting rein, turning myths of young women pining for a sailor out at sea and never to return, into a leaden truth. It's surprising that it hurts, that there's a physical force on the most vital organ in his body.
“I’ll just - I’ll go in the back. I think we have some - new, new cakes?” She manages, and disappears behind the swinging door.
jumped up from nowhere. That nightlock, I have it with me on the beaches, I don’t,” He sucks in a breath, “I don’t know what came over me. I’ve never—” a pause. “I’ve never done that for anyone. Christ,” John sighs, rubbing his fingers against the bridge of his nose, eyes squeezed shut.
Sherlock hadn’t considered John’s perspective on Sherlock’s own racing. If anything, he pictured himself as an unwelcome intruder on the sacred racing beaches. To hear that John wonders after his safety is profoundly calming. “I can run." It is difficult to be afraid with John here.
They walk, the three of them, to a dramatic outcropping of rocks in the middle of Thisby’s brown-yellow and green pastures. Several small saplings are trying to poke through the cracks and humps in the rock, none over a meter tall, bending in the wind.
A thrill leaps inside Sherlock’s chest, deformed and bewildered and astonished. Even in confusion, his brain rushes forward, desperate to have this last connection with John before John remembers their argument. Why, why had he come? After what Sherlock had done to him, what loss he had sparked, how could John touch him like this?
John tilts his chin up, just a fraction of a degree, and his lips are pushing carefully against Sherlock’s. A bloom of warmth seizes Sherlock’s jaw, John sliding his hand to cautiously touch more of him. His other hand brushes Sherlock’s neck, sending a full-body shiver over Sherlock’s skin that has nothing to do with the cold.
Just as the paint on John’s face had become a real set of features, so had the metal of the armor plating his thighs. His long boots, what are they meant to be made of?
There's a sensation crawling over his sides. He lifts his elbows, silently yet nervously acquiescing. Next, John’s arms wind carefully around his stomach. Face hot, Sherlock glances down to watch the trembling fingers lace together over his navel, and pull him back.
“Have you been eating with this in?” Sherlock accuses as he steps in front of the stallion. Naturally, Redbeard doesn't answer, his ears only prick forward at the sound of Sherlock’s voice, which startles the flighty barn cat.
” he explains, suppressing a shudder and starting to remove his long coat. She always prefers him hanging it by the door when it is wet outside, “near the stable. I closed the door - is--”
Sherlock glares over Lestrade’s shoulder, as if he can see Mrs Hudson through the wooden walls. Then he glares at Lestrade. At least he came in with permission.
Usually, he doesn't indulge Mrs Hudson like this. He likes to eat upstairs, among his microscope and specimen jars. She likes to pester and insist, though. The meringue pie afterwards is delicious.
Sherlock’s mouth hardens into a foul line while he stares out at the customers passing the bakery windows. A little pair of boys in knitted jumpers tug excitedly on their mother's hands until they have successfully herded her into the shop door.
One will occasionally become loose from the holds of the Stockyard, which makes its money by selling sport horses to the mainland, or one will climb from the sea in the middle of May or June, but never for long.
It’s a bloody smear on the beaten path, entrails and insides dragged all the way across the road, littering it with chunks of meat and thick streaks of clotted crimson red.
“My condition is this: you will not race, if I allow Johnny to buy that horse from me if he wins. I know what you desire, and I know what he desires.”
Like with Beryl, the sea swells, sucking at Gladstone’s legs, dragging the long white pieces of hair on Gladstone’s tail that are hanging on the surface of the water.
Breathing heavily, he watches Hope’s face, a horrible betrayal of the tremendous pain he’s in, the great gouge out of the side of his neck.
. Square pupils peer back at him, not centered on Redbeard. He draws in a breath, “I’d appreciate if you could move your horse.”
Sherlock sees the revolver. He pulls Redbeard, unhappy he is near yet another water horse, even familiar, into a stop.
Hitting the railing, the man turns to look at him, straight in the eyes. He backs up as Sherlock stalks forward, and hears the sound of John approaching, sees the culprit’s eyes flicker behind him, gauging how he’ll be able to outmaneuver the both of them at once. It becomes more panicked as John spreads away from Sherlock, blocking off an escape route, stalking like a lion.
She snorts, nostrils flaring wide. He can see red in them, the tired sun catching on her furious wet eyes. She’s restless, Sherlock notices, as he keeps close to the cliff sides where others shelter, never stilling. Her opalescent hooves dance in the sand, her white and yellow mane flings from side to side when she shakes or tosses her head. Wouldn't she be a beautiful specimen? Her legs are long, her mane tightly braided, her ears straining forward - she must be fast enough to win the Races. Surely he can convince her monger to let him watch her run.
Moriarty’s face falls dramatically, a stage performance. Whatever twisted game his mind is convincing him of, he and Sherlock are the lead players.
The pressure shifts to his cheek, a tender swipe where Moriarty had clawed. Almost as if John kissed him. The scratches sting. “No.”
John says, “There’s no getting through to you, is there?” Sherlock shakes his head, a negative. John laughs and Sherlock focuses on the storm and the thunder and the piebald a little less.
Sherlock barely holds his viper’s tongue, striding confidently down the hallway much the same as he did with John in tow under the cover of darkness, brushing past a few officers as he goes that have long since stopped asking who he is and what he’s doing here.
They can dance, like this, the two of them. Sherlock will pretend to understand what is going on behind Moriarty’s stare, while Moriarty does the same. It is impossible that Moriarty can really know. He is an expert manipulator.
A thought strikes him - John and him are both to race, against each other. When the moment for action comes, will one hesitate to save the other? Could it kill Sherlock, if he did so? It could. For all these days, he hasn’t once considered what racing against John will actually entail.
He swallows, throat tighter than before. Pricking at his waterline is some base emotion. Worry, perhaps concern. He turns his head, but cannot spot John again.
Closer up front, to the door, he can hear the sound of John shuffling through papers, but by the continuous sound of it, he hasn’t found anything of note.
And Sherlock spends his days on the grassy cliffs, watching the beaches from sunup until sunset, breathing the salty air, and languishing in the weakening overhead sun. But it's worth it, to sit beside the scant trees that harbor seabirds and to scan the ocean, watching boats and ferries come in to the quay. When the whitecaps beak and roll over, crashing back into the blue mass of the endless plains of water, there may be the twitch of an ear, the spot of a nose, the beginning of a shoulder. But the parts are always gone by the time the waves settle.
Then, his. 46 to 1. Jefferson Hope was killed at the beach today by the horse John will ride in one week’s time, and his name is crossed out on the list, along with his
The rider pauses in the middle of the room, hands to his face. He should wash these, there’s caked blood chipping around his nail beds and in the faint lines of his hands.
Always having the sneaking suspicion that Mycroft was involved when Lestrade called upon him, Sherlock was lost in thought when he pulled on his Belstaff and tried to exit through the sitting room, and his foot struck something. He stumbled and stepped back, rewarded with the sight, in the dark, of the solemn castle, the solemn towers, and the solemn painted plywood base.
Sherlock nods noncommittally. Archie, he likes to think, has always been fond of him. It likely helps that Molly is equally, if not more fond of him, and probably tells Archie nice things about him. Hopefully, he is living up to whoever Molly dreams him to be.
“Sherlock,” John warns. “You don’t understand him. That’s nothing about your cleverness, it’s how he is. He wants to use you.” John shakes his head. “He uses everyone. You already said it was
“There are no others,” John says. He lifts his glass and takes a long swallow, then sets it down with a noise against the wooden bar. “Only you.” He wipes his upper lip with the back of his hand. Sherlock can hear the stubble and skin when John scratches his cheek.
The paper is thrown, over Anderson’s shoulder, and over the cliffside. The wind takes it into the black and into the sea.
like it is an ordinary one, but the more vital part of the statement is that Moriarty has it in his head that he knows what John wants. Sherlock wonders if it has anything to do with his wish, but it is probably Gladstone that Moriarty has in mind.
John’s fingers slip under Sherlock’s cock, sliding wetly between his cheeks, his wrist nudging the underside of Sherlock’s cock. His other hand splays over Sherlock’s thigh, pushing them wider.
clacking flat teeth together and flicking hot ears and hot haunches, John is nowhere. Nowhere. Neither is Mary. Sherlock's throat is tight.
She returns his coat. “I know you like to look nice in pictures.” She winks and Sherlock forces a smile.
Beneath his focused gaze, John’s attention briefly flicks to Sherlock’s thigh, to Redbeard’s face. Sherlock’s saddle is slick with saltwater or blood, and he tastes them both. He tightens his thighs to keep himself rooted, pain bursting over his sliced leg, and Redbeard takes it as a command to push on.
,” His adversary grins. He folds his hands over the table, over his book. At the touch, he seems to remember that it’s there. He runs his palm over it, like he is touching a new lover’s skin, and is sure to find Sherlock’s eyes as he slowly picks it up, and cracks it open. “I love these,” he says, “These
Lestrade tends to become upset when Sherlock runs off, but now, Lestrade has done the running off. He can't give a lecture this time, can he?
There must be close to fifty riders here, of the ones Sherlock can see and deduce. There’s a six to one tourist to rider ratio, with the riders as the minority. A great many people are here to watch. Sherlock may lose his head in all the noise. Race reports, yes, he’s read those in the past, and he knows there’s never been close to fifty riders in the past. Sherlock frowns. What happens to all of them?
Sherlock’s gaze flicks down to admire the rise of John’s hipbone, the gentle slope of his biceps. The shine of Sherlock’s semen in the dimness is tacky on John’s abdomen from where he’d lounged over Sherlock. John’s skin is poured of molten gold, warm to the touch, dizzyingly sweet when Sherlock turns over, leans forward and kisses him. His taste is the same, brilliant and alive and deep, except now it is sated where it was once hungry.
John leads them down the slippery wooden stairs and onto the grass. Wind tears at them, and Sherlock squints against it. Thunder growls distantly.
Inexplicably, it's the way the island feels today - lonely and wide and flat, cold and salt-smelling - that brings about his revelation.
Redbeard remembers the last time they were down on this beach, with the piebald. This is not the pebbly one on the other side of the island, where John Watson had first come up to them. Where John had kissed him over. This is where their last hopes rest, here, in the infinite granules of golden sand that shift and turn under Redbeard’s hooves as they stutter down the incline to the beach.
They’re getting further from the slope they’d come down on, now, sweeping along the beach, walking next to the shore, and around the cove, shouldered by devastating cliffs on either side and stretching ocean before it on the other. He watches a few terns ride the breezes into holes in the cliff walls, disappearing into nooks that have been carved out over generations by the wind.
“You're the one who’s out of proportion,” Sherlock says, interest caught. “You were made of lead not twelve hours ago. And now you’re threatening me as if you aren’t.”
Redbeard knocks his face against Sherlock’s hair, and lips at his curls. Sherlock brushes him away, but the island horse swings back and does it again before gaining interest in the grass by his hooves.
(as per the original novel, WHICH YOU SHOULD READ, if only to find fun similarities and differences, the racers don't wear helmets in the actual Races - but if you ride a horse, please dont crack yr egg)
He bends, digging through the annotated Bibles under his podium. Sherlock leans over, watching him pull out a leather-bound notebook that clearly doesn’t belong to the church. “I know thieving is a sin.” Mike glances over his shoulder nervously. “I know, but. I stole this, because I had overheard the gamblers in the tavern and the butcher’s shop talking about bets.”
He brushes down the front of his long coat. This is mostly for show, but partially because he was in that dusty evidence locker.
“Is that enough to consistently revisit a place where your father was killed? To relive it, each time you step off the ferry?””
It’s an old island funeral, where the body is burned into ashes that the fire flickers over into the wind, and rolls coldly down into the water far below. Meant for those born here, those who always knew they would perish here. The funeral-goers are one massive creature in the night, close together, huddled around the bonfire, and Father Stamford.
She widens her eyes, blinks. Her mouth pops open in surprise. She glances left, right, as though someone will overhear them, will know she's talking to a man that will soon be dead.
poisoned him, stole the letter before it was filed into evidence,” only god knows how, “and replaced it when your man stole the files and the photographs. You didn’t want it opened by an officer, you wanted it in my hands. And once you were sure I had it, you had Henry Knight give me the invitation to tonight’s appointment.”
Mrs Hudson picks this moment to return from whatever vendor she has been since bothering with small-talk. John releases his arm. Sherlock hands her his coat, and she sets her hands on her hips. Sherlock hyper-focuses on the new flour on her blouse collar. “Seems right, Sherlock Holmes, sneak away while I’m talking!”
Crouching, Sherlock purposefully glares at Lestrade, before pulling out the yellow of her dress where it was pressed up underneath her hip.
“Does anyone ever ask you why you came, John Watson?” Sherlock fixes his gaze to John’s profile, staring off into the line of the ocean out past the edges of the cliff, where they sit. Only a few naked lengths of space between them, he feels suddenly like a trespasser on his island home. Is this the place where he should be?
“Are you going to be in them? That’s what Molly said,” Archie says. His hands touch the glass and make floury imprints as he tries to pull himself up higher, stepping on a shelf. He can’t do it, so half his face remains hidden behind the display. “Do you think I could go?”
But John is different in the small ways, as well as the enormous ones. Small, like his weary determination, the dimple in his chin, his unassuming work. Enormous, like his tolerance of Sherlock, his profound ideals of the
Lestrade emerges from the notary’s office, just as Sherlock’s heading into it. They nearly collide, with Lestrade looking at him, surprised, and Sherlock stopping dead on a coin. The DI smells heavily of black coffee, and of something sweeter, like cinnamon, or warm honey. The scent is so strong that Sherlock scrunches up the bridge of his nose.
One could drive a car down the sandy slopes of the cliffs in some spots of the island. It’s easy for the horses to come up and putter around like dead among the living.
“Alright. Christ.” John’s cock slips between his cheeks, applying a light nudge to Sherlock’s hole. Sherlock has the short-lived, sickening thought of John being physically unable to fit inside of him, but something gives and John presses an inch of his cock in. His grip tightens on John’s arms as John blows out a relieved, warm breath over Sherlock’s chest.
They spend a few minutes half-heartedly saying words to each other while Sherlock touches Redbeard’s face. The horse cranes against his hand. While John sits on a bale of hay by the floor, where Sherlock had peeked behind to see the piebald nights ago, John starts telling him about the Stockyard’s business. Sherlock listens to this intently, searching for anything that mentions Moriarty’s name. Their discovery last night only confirms his involvement in everything on the island and Sherlock is itching to get ahold of the envelope that had been in the dead tourist man’s pocket.
“I was almost afraid I’d never see you again after leaving you with my employer. Saw you talking with your friend there,” John nods towards the man lingering by the door, grinning a bit wolfishly while he pulls the stool out from beneath the overhanging bar. He seems to decide against this, a bit of a shift in his gaze, and pushes the stool away again.
Hm. “Older cultures used aconite for hunting, lacing the tips of arrows or spears for paralyzing the animals. Drowned countless whales that way.”
The wind blows John’s hair askew, throwing short strands back from his face. He holds tighter to the paper, for fear of the island stealing it.
Flashes of bonfires, sparks, Jefferson Hope and a black eye. John on the rider’s rock, his hands curled into hard fists, the line of his forearm kissed by orange light. “Yes.” He sniffs, smelling saltwater. Anderson, wild fears in his eyes, charcoal on his face, throwing Sherlock’s name into the night.
Sherlock’s mind is working at breakneck speed, considering the ramifications of what this could mean. A problem that may not exist? No, it must be a reference to the murder of the poisoned tourist, a poor attempt to shift the guilt. Of course. Moriarty would never confess in a letter. Not his style. If Sherlock wants to get anything from him, it’ll have to be in person, where he can see, in depth, every fallacy of his facade, every twitch of his mouth, every lie that slips from it.
All he can hear is the throbbing scream, the piercing whinnies of the thoroughbreds in the stalls. The panicked, rhythmic clapping of powerful hooves on strong wood. “Stay with me,” John demands, and Sherlock creeps closer to his side. Inside of him, something rank and curling is rebelling at the thought of being so near a
The room is dim at the corners but brightly illuminated by portable police LEDs around the woman’s body, throwing sharp shadows in the pleats of her skirt and the ruffles of her bloodstained blouse.
Redbeard is not concentrating, his ears are pricked and pressed forward, something that irks Sherlock to no end, because Gladstone is all streamlined muscle just behind them, although he is still fighting for the sea. Redbeard bucks playfully in excitement, jolting Sherlock in the saddle and, after each time, taking a long few seconds to regain control - not time that they have to spare.
Sherlock glances away, tucking his chin to hide a smirk. It's terrible that John’s been put in this position, to have his heart led away by someone he hates, but he's still very funny.
Gladstone’s hind leg lifts up, high, knee rubbing belly. It appears this horse got exercise yesterday, too.
He’s ridden in years past, but not last year or the one previous. He'd gotten a large slice over his bicep when he was thrown from a grey mare the last time he raced. Sherlock had seen it in the reports - one would think that would put him off.
Sherlock knows for a fact he put the small blond figurine in the middle of the cobblestone yard last night. And yet, it’s missing. Sherlock looks at the drawbridge. It’s half lowered, tiny chain draping from the sides to the cutout in the castle wall.
It’s another way that he can make a home inside of Sherlock’s head. A ruse, a trick, a red herring. John would surely tell him so, if he knew what Sherlock was thinking.
John laughs, and Sherlock begins to pry open the envelope, stepping away from the station with the champion following dutifully. He’s careful to angle the ripped opening away from his face should it be within Moriarty’s ideas to lace it with a powder. Though, that’s silly, because if it was, the tarts wouldn’t have needed to be poisoned in the first place.
A full sheet of heavy, glossy paper. It’s a shot of the man’s body, lying just as how Sherlock had seen it the other day. On his back, arms outstretched, box of tarts open and cast just slightly to his side. He squints, and there are crumbs over his lips, along with that
The bowler hat grins suddenly. “Hop on,” The bowler hat says, “See how fast she is.” He gestures openly, and Sherlock finds his footing atop a slippery, algae-covered rock, and is tall enough to reach the crest and horn of the saddle. She’s still moving, rocking, and Sherlock realizes that's as still as she's going to get. The mare eyes a small scruffy dog with sand in its fur, sniffing at someone's rejected breakfast down by her hooves.
“Inside?” John asks, and Sherlock can see his breath fog up in the air. He loves the way John’s eyes fall upon the stained glass doors, loves the way he tilts his head just so, in question. It doesn’t matter what John desires of Sherlock, even if it’s only physical, Sherlock would still treasure him. His heart hurts. He glances away as to not be caught out.
Aconitine. A completely natural component, however small an amount, slipped into a box of tarts, made fresh at Molly’s shop, perhaps while John and Sherlock sat that morning by the window. What could’ve happened while they were so close? Sherlock is entirely convinced it isn’t Molly. She wouldn’t even know what to do with poison, much less have a reason to poison some random customer.
Sherlock straightens his back, and turns away from her. He throws another flake of hay into Josephine's stall. He moves down to the next one.
“You must know how ridiculous you sound.” Wasn’t the castle period in time also imbibed with terrible scientific methods? Of course it was. They bled people, were humorists, and Sherlock would’ve been burnt at the stake when he was nine for being a witch. “Who are you, really? And how much is my brother paying you for your voice?”
are the teeth who come ashore to collect the taxing blood, payment for fishing the Scorpio sea, for living in its waters. Sherlock remembers the festival, suddenly awash in vivid color in his head, remembers pricking his finger and seeing the pool of blood in the dipping rock, reflecting orange firelight. He hears someone say, in a voice he can’t place ‘
John grins and breathes out because he can't really laugh, not yet. It's more like a tired wheeze than anything else. Sherlock glares at the square patch of the petroleum bandage, sealed on all but one side to let air out, but not be sucked in by the cavity in John's chest.
“Oh,” John relaxes in Sherlock's arms. Finally, he pulls away, keeping Sherlock near. Face to face, Sherlock watches John with nervous fascination. “Oh, I do. Is that-- you thought? I do. I meant it. Sherlock, I knew something was wrong. I couldn’t get what I’d said out of my head. When I came back to your house, you’d gone.”
Sherlock digs his heels into Redbeard’s side, and he begins to lengthen his steps, streaking along the dirt roads.
They are only separated by a short distance, but Sherlock can recognize the hold, the tightness of John’s hum stuck in his jaw. He is humming, low and raw to the horse. He pictures the curve of John’s face fitting into the cup of his own hand, and again imagines the dusting of short stubble fitting against his throat.
The figure approaches quickly, disliking the threat, several steps hard and short, but stops a length away, his black eyes snaking to the man off to Sherlock’s side. John had stepped fast towards the figure‘s path, and had slowed, pacing it off as if he was going for a stroll just in the moment, as the unknown man stopped.
never even bares its teeth. It never looks anything more than bored. If Redbeard is acting like this now, frozen with terror, his ears pinned back at the nearness of a tamed water horse, how will he act during the Races?
The man behind the desk eyes Sherlock, his quill paused in the air, dripping black, black ink onto cheap parchment.
A quiet few minutes go by, Sherlock and John barely breathing, the pair focused completely on the unknowing man. Should Sherlock tackle him now, while he can, demand why he’s here? Or should he wait until the man finds what he’s looking for, and allow that to color his decision? If he’s just after an overdue notice that couldn’t wait until the office was open tomorrow, it wouldn’t be worth it, but the amount of trouble the figure has gone to would be astounding for such a small reward.
“Wrapped in that towel, wrapped in your own funny little fantasy! You’d finish your Races and you’d go off and live your life with Watson, leaving me in the
The bakery’s empty, at the moment, save for Molly. She’s sitting behind the counter on a stool in front of the register, flipping through a mainland magazine. A few chairs have been pushed out from the tables near the windows, evidence of earlier patrons.
For a week, the island grows colder. The air begins to sizzle with magic, until it has sewn itself around everyone’s bones, like red string pulling on puppet limbs. It coaxes femurs into making people walk, holds skulls tight and squeezes them until people are nothing but a mindless sack of saltwater. The sea relinquishes more water horses to the island.
At Saint Columba’s, the massive church just outside Skarmouth, Sherlock sits in the front pews, his feet kicked up on the kneeling post and his notebook tucked into one pocket.
“My neighbor’s. I don’t have sheep,” he replies, before seeing John’s grin, only visible because his face is half lit from the headlights out the windshield, sending sharp shadows past his nose and below his eyes. Ah, yes, he’s already told John off for thinking he lived on a sheep farm that day where John had shot the mill worker and Hope.
Moriarty finishes his fiddling with the gloves, drawing a silver case of cigarettes out of the pocket. “Everything is at a price, Mister Sherlock.” A naked formality, giving him a title, Sherlock is sure.
There’s a commotion at the finish line, riders trying to still their mounts and officials waiting for Sherlock to return and claim his prizes and get his photograph taken. No rush. A lump rises in Sherlock’s throat, considering time that he will have to be away from John after the terrifying shock of his unexpected absence.
The clean white dog’s collar stands out among his dark robes. Sherlock doesn’t like the way Stamford’s called him out of place. He’d hoped it wasn’t that obvious. Evidently, he’s not that wonderful at disguising himself.
The earth is still, the roads silent. Down by Skarmouth, the rubbish from the festival remains. Paper lanterns blown down by the wind out to the green pastures, remnants from dinners, plastic pieces around the houses on the outskirts of the town.
, can you believe it? Which is preposterous, because he's well aware that most users would rather live homeless and have the high than have a house and not.”
Now comes his chance. John is not here anymore to advise him against talking to the man who owns half the Island. “Mister Moriarty. I’ve been meaning to have a conversation with you.”
However, he does cough awkwardly and walk off when Sherlock smiles snidely and says, “Say hello to Molly from us.”
bares its blunted teeth. Hydria creeps closer, a gruesome smile befalls Hope’s countenance. Hydria snakes her head. Christ. How do these fiends always know when to become all the more frightening? Do they have an extra sense, for deciding when their rider has malicious intent, and then act upon it? They all know that this is working Redbeard up into a frenzy.
Sherlock settles on the pebbles beneath the overhang of the chalk cliffs, and watches the people from a gravel hill, safe from the tide’s reach, at least until the very early, very dark hours of the morning, where the water will reach above his head, up to the portion of the cliff that's lighter to mark how high the water will rise.
After all of this, the murder, the intrigue, Moriarty, the buildup to the Races, their days and nights spent together, he is to assume all he is owed is a handshake? His heart begins to hurt, to ache, looking down at that extension of John’s arm.
Sherlock tamps down his rising irritation at Redbeard’s knocking. It isn’t Redbeard that he’s frustrated with, or the saddle, or the bit that Redbeard fusses about with in his mouth, it’s the Races.
Mrs Hudson frets, “Oh, we can all do with reminders. More tea, John? It’s herbal, won’t keep you up.” It isn’t every night they sit together at a table at a reasonable-ish time in the evening to eat. It isn’t every night that Sherlock eats at all, he becomes too fascinated with whatever tail of a case he has caught for days on end. They’re both night owls, he and his landlady, one stuck in the excitement of his life and the other passed over with hers with the execution of her husband. This interaction is solidifying his resolve to never, never have John come again.
of the high wheels of Redbeard’s pony cart when they bump over rough patches of gravel, and Sherlock has been very, very stupid.
Stamford looks over his shoulder. It isn’t too conspiratorial, and so Sherlock lets his own gaze slide across the land to the mass of the funeral party.
“The papers,” Sherlock pants, “Hand me the file. And we can be done,” he lies. Obviously, this man has some connection with the murder of the tourist man, or else he would’ve stolen more, or anything else, from the station. Even the till had been up for grabs, and not to mention running, wanting these reports, instead of doing what a weak thief would do and return them as soon as confronted.
Sherlock catalogues the shifting of window light through John’s silver hair as the knight pensively regards potential climbing routes.
Caught unaware, John answers, eyes wide and darting to and from Sherlock’s, entranced by color. “They do.”
Redbeard is restless in his stall. He’s knocking his velvety nose up against the stall door when Sherlock comes in. Sherlock unlatches it and Redbeard knocks it open with the broad of his chest. His hooves clap on the stone, and Musgrave is nearly crushed. She hisses, and Sherlock frowns at her. “Shut up,” he says, and she sits.
It’s today. All of his life has been culminating to today. This is the peak and there is no predicting the decline. There are no moments left to think of how the day will turn out. It will happen, for good or for bad, and it is unstoppable. There’s no force on Thisby that can stop the Races, that can prevent the sea from drumming or the sun from rising.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at the envelope. He glances up and away from it, to the paper lanterns strung above them, to Gladstone’s dead-eyed stare, to the dark buildings in the blackness all around them.
As Sherlock sits up, slipping on torn grasses and mud, his side twinges painfully. Sherlock groans, wrapping an arm around his abdomen. Something deep is fractured. He forces himself to move, to bend his knee and clutch the blades of Thisby grass by his sodden shoes. He breathes deeply through his nostrils, assessing his body. Nothing punctured. He can smell blood and spit, even in the rain.
A young tourist is pointing right at Redbeard. Other tourists are staring, backing away. Molly Hooper just emerging from the bakery with a metal pail to refill the trough outside her shop in time for Sherlock, doesn't even look concerned.
Beside it in the dim shadows, there is a seashell, spiralled and neat and small, sitting meekly on the surface.
Sherlock frowns. “Last month I solved a murder by approximating the killer’s large shoe size relative to his exceedingly slight weight. Where the Yard failed, they were expecting a heavy man, but I could tell by the piece of a shoelace left behind that the perpetrator was only eight stone.”
honestly there were so many ways to do this fic, i went with a casefic - because that's the best and i've yet to write one! enjoy my limited knowledge of swords stretched to its ends and supplemented w magic!
John hovers over him, rubbing Sherlock down at the root, pulling soft noises from Sherlock’s throat. “Can I…?”
The bowler hat tries to lure in a few more men that are skeptically eyeing the rocking blonde mare, but fails when they all mention a
Heading up the stairs, Sherlock makes his strides purposeful, staying quiet and avoiding the creaky stair. It takes him several long minutes to achieve the look he is after, a capable man with good hair. This last part takes the longest as his curls refuse to stay in place without a lot of product to work against the salt still half-caked in them. They require much care.
Sherlock draws in a sharp breath through his nose. Never before has Moriarty articulated this so bluntly, so acutely.
What else would this couple, would any of the gamblers, have done to ensure that Magnussen wins? What else could be planned? What else would they risk?
Sherlock doesn't have to worry about Redbeard trotting off when he returns to the damp mildew of the stables to retrieve the reins and bit. There's a little hardened grass pasted to the metal bit with old spit from Redbeard.
Crouching there, John’s jacket bunches at his shoulders, framing dark slots against his sandy-grey hair, messy from his night against the back of the sofa. Sherlock can read that his back is aching from the way his feet poise beneath them.
” Sherlock groans, the unexpected, blinding pressure makes heat explode over him again, over and over, as John drives the single finger in and out of him. “John - John, stop it.”
It’s a brief press, a note to remember that John is here with him. For an undetermined reason, John’s solid figure beside him is nearly enough to break Sherlock’s will. There is no way to retreat, for Moriarty is surely here among the crowds of tourists and islanders. Sherlock made a promise to race - a promise to Thisby and a promise to Moriarty.
The cliffs will protect them, but there are ways down and up them. Ways stable enough for a water horse to clamber onto Thisby’s flat and dunes top. It happens in October.
Even though his eyes don’t give much away from up here, Sherlock catches the way John’s chin tilts up and then back down a half-second later, tracking down the whole of Sherlock’s form. John says, quite loudly, “Oh. That’s nice.”
After a quiet moment, Gladstone’s lip slides back over his wicked teeth, and the whites of his eyes turn to gaze out at the endless water.
“It won’t be - anything. You’ve seen Races before.” Sherlock sits at his usual chair against the table, wondering where John would sit if he were here. Right next to Sherlock, he thinks. He shifts uncomfortably on the chair and crosses his legs under the table.
surges out of Watson’s magic hold with an eldritch screech, spraying droplets of the ocean as it tries to bound toward Sherlock, but not before Watson can yank on its black mane and get the horse’s attention.
Sherlock works open a drawer, John moving out of his way. Old birthday cards, memorial photographs, sympathy letters. A depressing drawer. Why would she keep memories of her dead wife in a place where she often sat, going by the compression in the desk chair's seat? His lips press together, wrestling with the influx of data without purpose.
It seemed stupid to spend a ridiculous amount of money just to send a piece of parchment with two words and a feeble form of a signature on it. But that was the Holmes brothers, that was them all over.
The next day, Sherlock spends an inane amount of time cleaning off Redbeard, who shakes lightly in his stall, his faded charcoal muzzle turning every which way with the slightest sound or peep of a seabird.
on the beach. He'd like it better if they weren't paying any attention at all to him. Their ears pressed forward, serpentine necks arched, lips curled back.
“The ocean knows your name,” Sherlock murmurs, voice rumbling low, examining the shell. He touches each notch, admiring the small rose murex, big as a coin. All he’s ever seen of it have been small snatches of John tucking it away in his jacket pocket. It’s impossible to figure who was in the goddess costume that night from looking at this one shell.
“Only because you always run off. Really,” her apron smacks in the air as she shakes off the specks of watery glaze and paint. The light above the front door is on, the last busy flies of the season flitting around in its glow. "I never know if you're off at the station or if you've drowned!"
Watching the sky, on flat, cold Thisby, only wanting to go home, captured by strange monsters whose beliefs are unknown.
He sinks into the black, it has barely hit him, what he’s done and where he is, and he surfaces, gasping. The night is all around him, but above, the lights of the town twinkle. It was as if he was hurling himself off the cliffs by the beaches. This isn’t a sea wish so carelessly thrown over the edges of the island, the runner wants this evidence destroyed, and Sherlock cannot allow it to happen.
He holds her cheekbones, her skin slippery wet there, and his lips are moving. He's saying something out of earshot.
A new appreciation for the giant horse has settled in Sherlock’s stomach. The sign that kept John from waiting for the water anymore. But a water horse is still a water horse on the outside.
More often, he’ll ride Redbeard. It's always good to feel his stallion under him. He only takes the Ford when he’ll need the room in the backseat for something. And then he has to chase out the barn cat Musgrave, who makes it her business to get black fur all over the seats, or scratch gauges into them when she's bored. Mrs Hudson says she’s like him, like that, which is an allusion he despises.
Riders will cut at each other's horses. And at each other. It's a foul, technically, grounds for disqualification, but when the cut man usually falls and dies and is a red smear on the sand, who’s going to know?
He pauses a long heartbeat, coat collar blowing against his neck, before all possible decisions on how to make the trip have made themselves known to him. He hums and steps to Gladstone’s side, reaching up to untuck the stirrup and drop it down a length. Where his hand brushes his pelt, Sherlock can feel the deep thrum of ocean magic.
The night is quiet, save for the rain and the wind. It’s a very large improvement. Thunder growls passively, unaccompanied by lightning.
Moriarty grasps the side of his head by his ear and bends them both over the side of the cliff, edging them nearer. Hot blood rushes to his head as Moriarty presses into him, leaning them further over the wet grass, and Sherlock can hear the hungry sloshing of the tide against the cliffs below them. His back slips in the wet and his shoulders hang over the edge, an incredible, shoving mass pinning his chest.
The father, Mr Haverford apparently, trains his eyes to Stamford from where they had been dead-set on Sherlock. As Sherlock takes John’s arm to lead him quickly away from the scene, Stamford intercepts the burly man. This event had passed so quickly, he may have garnered whiplash from it all.
Having been staring resolutely straight ahead with pride, Sherlock’s head snaps back to watch Watson on the water horse, which passes right behind Redbeard’s hind legs. Sherlock can see the white all the way around Redbeard’s eyes when he looks back, can feel him panting and shaking with fear below him. The scent of brine is strong.
Although each of his moves is planned very carefully, Sherlock acts as though they are not. He rushes at the sofa when he reaches the bottom of the stairs, and throws John’s jacket at the man’s sleeping body, who startles instantly, arms curling around something that isn’t there.
“Everyone does,” Stamford smiles the warm thing that stretches his pudgy cheeks, “Everyone knows everyone on Thisby.”
Sherlock wants to crumple. He wants to allow himself that. But John's here now. And Mrs Hudson is asleep down the hall. He feels as quivery as two brass bells wrapped in a twist of scarlet cord - something to keep the water horses on land, something that moves. But the bells are fragile and the cord can break.
But John seems especially shaken by the sole inclusion of the heart organ. He looks both ill and deep in confusion. “Sherlock,” He starts. “There’s something Moriarty said to me yesterday.”
Sherlock smiles at this, because the impression he gets is John trying to find a way to wheedle Gladstone away from the Stockyard.
“I had something this morning.” Sherlock carefully sits on the edge of the mattress after retrieving the towel John used to attack his hair earlier - it’s a little difficult, sitting, what with the messy pile of folded duvets under his bum. They make for a very lumpy bed.
Sherlock wonders if this was John’s plan all along, even from the bar. He can say as much as he wants to that he didn’t plan on getting Sherlock drunk, but maybe he did plan on it, and also planned on claiming he was just being neighborly, helping Sherlock get home.
The hulk of the station seems completely different in daylight than it did beneath Thisby’s black sky the other night, although his side is significantly colder, both with the wind and with the absence of a certain champion by his arm. Making sure his lips are marred into a frown, Sherlock strides right in the front door.
“Your watch.” Sherlock answers swiftly. It occurs to him that Watson really doesn’t have any right to ask after his expression, but he’ll humour the man, all the same.
The piebald turns into Mary, the blonde mare. Her legs shake like Beryl’s and her mane becomes silky smooth, unlike the piebald’s greasy kelp. It becomes a staredown between her and Sherlock, a dying sun alighting the golden plain. He looks to John for advice, but the man’s gone from his side.
At the word ‘users’, John tenses. Sherlock can feel it everywhere. He frowns, flexing his feet a little bit to stuff them further underneath the duvet.
Sherlock‘s knee jerks, just shy of hitting the underside of the table. He pretends to be sifting through papers and very attentive, so he is spared from speaking. After he spent such a time telling her that wasn’t what was going on, she treats him like this?
Much more familiar territory. Sherlock is going to die. He swallows, but his alarm does not die down in the slightest, his growing anxiety. Slowly, he turns his face back to the envelope’s shell in his cold hands. “Right.”
charges forwards and towards the aisle and in that moment Sherlock is certain that death can only be sudden.
By noon today, Sherlock’s fate will be decided. John draws a touch across Sherlock’s shoulder, lingering around the line of Sherlock’s clavicle and sweeping under his shirt. Hunger follows John’s path, like flowers after the fae. By noon today, he’ll figure whether John will ever touch him again.
Sherlock scrawls two lines onto the back of the short invitation, and slips it back into its envelope.
Sherlock risks a glance behind them, enough to see John’s saddle crumple and Mary’s shoulder collide with Gladstone’s. The colors beneath Magnussen’s empty saddle flutter black as Mary hurtles into Gladstone again. The harsh light gleams off a sigil on her hide drawn in sheep’s blood.
Swathes of other silken colors, purples and golds and cobalts and emeralds, glint off of the arms of other riders and from beneath the saddles of their mounts. A buckskin
Sherlock's skin splits beneath his white knuckles like faults over tectonic plates. The island collapses. The scalpel flew across the room and the fault lines in Sherlock’s porcelain facade crack wider.
“The ocean knows your name, John Watson,” She murmurs, Sherlock has to strain to hear it, “It's time to make another wish.”
It's patronizing to such a professional horse, and although Gladstone’s features do not portray any feeling, the air drops thick with a heavy miasma of malcontent. It is almost hard to move. Is he the only one to feel this? There is a terrible dread crawling underneath his skin.
It’s a short message, but the lettering isn’t hurried. Moriarty had written purposefully, evident from each cross and dot to the careful lines of his print. This was calculated, thought-out, constructed intricately to convey the most it could to its intended, Sherlock, without really giving away anything at all. Ballpoint pen, thick black ink.
The warmth of the room spreads across his chest, and he’s certain his whole body is more flushed than John’s. The thrusts of John’s fingers turn softer and shallow, and it’s an embarrassing half-second before Sherlock realizes that John means to introduce a third. Where have his higher cognitive functions gone?
snakes back, yellow teeth baring from rotted lips. The man’s hand hits his arm, twists his fingers. Sherlock fumbles to slip the knot.
“Deadman’s Caves, that’s what these are called,” John’s voice drifts to him, echoing in the ridges in the serene stone. Sherlock seeks the source, watching John press his hand against the walls, a twinge of remembrance on his face. “Come here to wait for the ocean to bring the
The shine from the lights above catch on his glasses. The man behind Sherlock seems momentarily angry about cutting in line, but when he seems to realize that this is a priest, someone who will not be racing, his face smooths out.
“The piebald,” Sherlock clarifies. He nods to the stable entrance, clasping his hands behind his back, “it came here first. Musgrave must’ve been nearly caught, she drew it away, and I rode into Skarmouth. It found me anyways, evidently.”
possess in terms of strength? He had felt it briefly by Mary, remembers standing beside her. But it was nothing like this.
John hitches the leg back up, bent, and it cages Sherlock in. Perhaps it’s the nightmare that has softened Sherlock so.
Is it possible John never made it out of the fray? Sherlock’s hands twist and work the reins, but Redbeard’s will clashes his and they shoot out from beside a slowing adversary bucking to throw the rider on its back, bells shrieking high, needling into the back of Sherlock’s brain forever.
John slips into bed beside him, twisting Sherlock in his arms to settle in for the night. He smells like drywall dust and carpet fibers, like outside wind and sand.
“So, then you find you can’t exercise the half-bloods all in the pastures with the island ponies, and since they’re too small to be ridden as exercise, we swim them.
“How he did all of this for your attention. On some level, I knew he was up to something, he had to have been, but to think he’d been doing so much, right in front of my face…” John’s shoulders slump. “I feel like an idiot.” His body leans away from Sherlock’s as he replaces the shell on the bedstand with a small clatter.
The ceilings are low, the bed is made, but piled with a myriad of color-clashing duvets too big for it. There is a narrow door just beside the sink, closed. Sherlock assumes it’s the bathroom. It’s dark.
What does he think of the taxidermy bat in the shadowbox on the wall, or Billy on the mantelpiece over the ashy hearth? What does he think of the chairs and the paintings and the wallpaper?
The father’s eyes track John as he approaches, squinting against the cold, and his wife is crying against him. The father and John say a few short words to each other, so low and far enough away that Sherlock doesn’t catch any of them. He can only see the pieces of them that are touched by moon and fire. The
He might’ve been able to tell earlier, if he weren’t the subject of John’s attention. If John wanted to sleep with someone
The notion that this can all disappear like wisps of smoke in an instant, in three days, is disturbing. He reaches, tilts, and presses his mouth to John’s, anyways, the warmth of his lips a profound comfort, which he simmers into with ease, eyes drifting shut. John breathes, short and low, a puff of heat to Sherlock’s bottom lip, and the shiver runs between them both, connecting a wildly electric current.
“Do you want to sit?” John asks, not looking at him and drawing a new circle around the water horse. He doesn’t even look tired, Sherlock notes. John gestures then to the cliffs, and holds up his thermos.
“Right,” Lestrade says. He waves a hand, signalling to his lot of officers meandering uselessly around the stables. “Gone back to the mainland.” He turns back to Sherlock for a hope of confirmation. There’s a knowing lilt in his brow. “Right?”
Sherlock fits the saddle in place, and shoves his left foot in the stirrup, pushes up, and swings a leg over the rise. Skarmouth is much too far away for his liking. But Redbeard really should be more fit - he's skinny, but not overly so. Sherlock’s neglected a firm riding regimen.
Tension holds his shoulders stiff and high, like Redbeard. A line deepens between the side of his nose and his lip, an angry line. His left hand flexes at his thigh like it had this morning. He looks back at Sherlock.
, and so it must be significant, a clue, or…” He looks up from studying John’s writing, “or, he’s acted on that particular fantasy twice, now. Just…” he looks up. “Just adding to his collection.”
From the tops of the cliffs grows the applause of spectators and island grass, the seabirds are flying in the wind high above the island, waiting for the availability of the sand, and John is nowhere.
John shifts up next to him, hand held high under Gladstone’s lead up by his bridle, touching the metal ring under his chin. Gladstone tracks the movement of a young child as her mother tugs her along before their path. They stop beside a few island vendors selling Skarmouth trinkets and scarves of Thisby wool.
And just like that, anger shoves through Sherlock’s veins, crackling wildly like the Thisby winds, racing through his lungs and his heart. “Well, then the
“Any idea of what you’d like?” John asks, closing the paddock gate. Behind him, nearly opalescent against the green grass, decorative trees, and the red of the stables, the mare is standing pointedly in the middle of the paddock, just watching those around her.
Sherlock knew, and knows, that he loves the water horses. He loves their unfathomable power, their ability, their tremendous, shuddering speed, but he loves it as he loves myths and pirates. As something far away, and detached from him. He loves Redbeard as nothing else, held close to his heart and sheltered from the cricketing winds.
“I had figured,” Sherlock says. He straightens, tucking his hands behind his back and feeling the exterior fabric of it for comfort, remembering John’s jacket. The back of his neck feels cold, despite the warmth of the room, and his hairs over his arms are beginning to raise. “It wasn’t a good distraction. Failed at its primary job.”
“Once more, I know nothing of your brother. My figurine is a stand-in for me in your world - it’s to keep my place. I am real, and
John says this plainly, as if it does not shake the very foundations of Baker Street. It’s a miracle Mrs Hudson isn’t tossed out of bed or her kitchen by such a quake. (It’s a miracle she didn’t somehow prevent Lestrade from barging up.)
running around crime-solving as promised... I didn’t know for the longest time how I was actually going to deliver on this, but we made it! Hope you enjoyed some classic Dynamiqué.
The man who was whispering about the shell pipes up, directing to his companion, “Who is it in the horse’s head, this year?”
Sherlock crouches beside the body, balancing on bent knees and outstretching his hand to allow John to peer at the wound. “What did you say about the sword?”
“The wolfsbane - the aconitine. Henry Knight didn’t know what it was when he gave it to Molly Hooper - the purple flower - but you did.” Sherlock takes a step back when Moriarty swipes again, his grin widening, “The wolfsbane was from you. You wanted me to know about the flowers, you wanted me to see it, to know you had it. That’s why you sent the seeds to John.”
“So? Where? Near here?” Sherlock assesses the officers. His expectations were never high in the first place, but they fall lower with each passing second. He groans. “No one? Really?”
The shapes of the clouds above shadow over the open ocean, light colors fragmented across sheets of grey, pulled by strong wind that carries the scent of salt and throws Sherlock’s hair back from his brow, Redbeard’s mane across his hock, and the sweetgrass fluttering.
When John leans forward, Sherlock follows. Not all the way. A simple second is shared when their faces are not an inch apart, Sherlock’s heart hammering in his chest, the point of his nose centimeters away from brushing John’s. He stays there for a moment, feeling warmth and heavy heat pouring from John’s skin in the cold ambience, making him druzy with it.
It’s impulsive. It’s reckless. He says nothing to John when the former champion returns to him, hand brushing Sherlock’s persistently.
Surprised, Sherlock blinks, watching John’s expression fall. He looks almost betrayed, as if Sherlock’s not telling him the whole truth was a personal affront. Hm. Well, lying is a personal thing, isn’t it?
“Yeah, just let him do his thing, it’ll only be five minutes,” Lestrade says. When Donovan doesn’t move, he continues, “You don’t want to be here any longer than I do, do you? Sherlock, be professional. I don’t want to see your fingers in a dead person’s mouth
The water surges against Sherlock’s abdomen, and he holds up his arms to avoid getting the sleeves of his coat wet as if it matters. The origami gulls have gathered in number, all crying out the famed headlines, fluttering like the paper they are in the wind.
But Watson pushes his luck by asking him for more speed - Sherlock sees a heel shove into the black mass, and instead of curving away from his leg, Gladstone curves toward and around, veering across Sherlock’s path and dangerously near to the cliffs. Redbeard pulls ahead with great force as Gladstone tugs closer to the edge, wanting the saltwater.
Sheep show up slaughtered, and barn cats, too. Smears of red on the ground, inconsequential and common, like the blood on the sand the day after the Races, high up on the shore where the ocean has yet to reach and lap away.
There’s a terse silence, then, as a testament of how much this island lives off of Watson’s opinion, the mill worker says, “So, then. He races.”
“It seems as though I've lost,” Sherlock says, facing Redbeard. He smells like hay. It’s comforting, near all this stink of fish and bad salt, sour sweat and bird droppings.
“Maybe in 1938,” Sherlock quips, again disliking John’s mention of this woman. Rebecca has been dead since 1996, he’d glimpsed her obituary online, yet Sherlock’s skin crawls with something like jealousy. “And it doesn’t appear to be religious, at the very least not Christian or Judaic. Carbon-dating can be sure of the date down to the decade, but that takes ages.” Ages, as in days, as in too long.
“You know what I want,” Sherlock repeats. The cigarette feels tantalizing down his lungs. He drags hard from it and extinguishes a solid half. He taps the ash down, the wind carries it away. It’s a very good cigarette.
“I’m glad I’ve caught the pair of you,” Stamford says. He looks off-beat, unhappy against the pale moonlight. There has just been a funeral, Sherlock reminds himself, but this doesn’t seem to be the reason why, exactly, Mike looks like this. He seems as worried as when he'd seen Sherlock pledging his name at the tavern. “I thought I’d catch you, John, but Sherlock, I needed you, as well.” This is different, like Stamford has a secret. He leans closer.
“It's all that horse,” Hope snarls, looking at John but speaking to his companion, “Nothing to do with the rider.”
Redbeard isn’t panting. Sherlock dismounts, pulls Redbeard by the reins along the cliffside, and watches the push and pull of the ocean down far below. He imagines what the coastline will be like in two hundred years, when the rocks here crumble and, instead of steep chalk cliffs, Thisby will be made into something entirely flat.
evidence of the same killer. It's delightful. Harboring hatred and anger for that long is bound to give way to overkill and mistakes enough to catch them. His mind flies with ideas and the evidence of his mad process is scattered and spread around every surface and wall, with a large diagram of tube stations pinned to the wall over the sofa.
Men and several women are smoking heavily outside the pub entrance, spitting out wads of chewing tobacco, or doing otherwise gross things. He can tell each of them have already gone through more than a pack this evening, and they eye him like they know him when he walks in. They likely do - everyone knows everyone’s business on Thisby, and with entering the Races with Redbeard, Sherlock’s become more obviously outcast than he had been before.
). He has one hand on the charmed halter and another on midsection of the leadrope, keeping tight hold on the mare.
“You’re going--” Moriarty slashes out with wild flail of his arm, fingers like claws trying to catch on Sherlock’s coat, “--to have to be more specific, darling!” He trills madly. Sherlock leans back, attempting to stay away from Moriarty’s clutches.
really makes you look like a champion,” John smiles. He searches the crowds around them, and steps as close as Gladstone will let him. The people nearby give the water horse a wide berth, moving about well out of striking range and taking photographs of the five-time winner, seven-time racer with flashbulbs. At least there’s breathing room, now.
John’s grip tightens on Sherlock’s waist. His fingers rub suggestive circles over Sherlock’s elbow. “You can get it in the morning.” No one wants to steal an old car.
“Oh, that’ll be nice. There’s always fun things to do in Skarmouth the night before. Me and my ex-husband, you know--”
“You wanted to see my face when John died.” Sherlock inflicts his voice with as much command as he can muster, his throat hoarse and ribs creaking. John glances to him. “And now you can see my face when you go over these cliffs.”
It really isn’t that old of a car, the model is only a few years past its prime, but for most of the car’s life it has been beaten and empty of gas and left for the cold and the salt to eat, frozen then thawed, chipping away paint near the trunk and windows and leaving the metal for the oxygen to react with. That tends to make cars fussy, and the Ford is the fussiest.
“Once upon a time,” Muses Sherlock. John, ever the good man, clearly disapproves. Thankfully, he doesn't berate him. Sherlock hums gratefully as John's body steadily loses its tense edge. He’s become quite comfortable.
Ah. No one she knows has died. At least, not anyone majorly important to her. She’s merely fretting over Sherlock’s wellbeing.
“Well, the only man who spear fishes on the island is my employer, out on those fancy boats of his in the summer and spring. But you never know what the fishermen on those boats are doing,” Sherlock is almost convinced it is Moriarty, until John goes on, “I’ve heard rumors of whaling, during the autumn. It would be going on now, even with the
The fence wraps around the neighborhood. If he wanted to, he could sneak in quite easily somewhere down the line and further from the main road, but that would require vaulting the high, sharp fence, and Sherlock doesn't feel like taking extra precautions to ensure John's safety right now. He instead walks pointedly to the guard's booth, glancing at the scanner beside it. When residents drive through, they touch an ID and the gate opens. All it would take is a quick pickpocket from a passing jogger.
He casts a glance towards the conifer that clings to the island. By far the spot that makes him feel most lonely. Again, his favorite tree, and one of the few that grow naturally. The ones by the Stockyard are all planted for decoration.
Sometimes, he’d feel like that if he were high, scratch at the crook of his arms until they bled. He still has needle-marked scars, and broad scratches, just there. It’s one of the reasons he prefers long sleeves to short ones or rolling them up, why doing so makes him so uncomfortable.
Sherlock can picture it now. Slipping into a darkened stall, with a darker horse pressed against the wood to get away from the crystal weapon. He can hear the low whining ripping through her throat, see the foam dripping over her wobbling lips, coalescing into a scream as Moriarty gleefully slices the most precious part of her body.
“Nothing on Thisby is sacred,” John replies smoothly. His voice is as steady as the way Gladstone is leaning forwards, almost swaying. Gladstone’s head slants downwards, another petrifying noise ripping from behind his teeth, hissing out through his long nostrils. If Sherlock wasn’t on John’s good side, he’d be shaking more than he is now, with the cold nestled up against him and the rain permeating every thread of fabric on his body.
A month of his life, all culminating into five minutes. Thirty years of his life, all culminating into five minutes.
The water horse tipped its head back, and screamed to the clouds. The rider pulled on its mane, leaning forward, face near the horse’s ear, fingers tangled in its rain-slicked mane. The horse’s screech cut off. The rider had tamed the sea, and the sea was spitting water from the sky, resenting him for it.
She fusses with the band on his arm. His cheeks warm, potently aware of John standing solid, watching her mother over Sherlock. She looks fitful, when at last she’s satisfied with the tie, saying something about it not coming loose so that she can keep an eye on him. “You be careful.”
It has occurred to Sherlock that the Yard made its vast amount of profit and wealth by illegal or immoral or unseen means, be it gambling in the Races or rigging them or, more recently, whaling, but never in this way. Within him, the scientist is crashing and kicking, spouting all things about
Anyone who knows their way around cutting edges and knives knows that it’s not the stab, but the ‘twist and rip’ that will bleed someone out the quickest. And they’d have to make sure that a main artery was hit, so the carotid in the neck, or the femoral in the groin are the usual places of attack… An arterial stab wound is nearly impossible stem, and would require immediate medical attention, if the victim wasn’t to bleed out
“She did just have her father die,” Lestrade reminded him as he lugged the castle, mounted on a base of thick plywood, very old indeed and splintering in multiple places, up the steps of 221B. His shoulders strained under the material of his jacket. “The least - you could do - was take it--”
“... Must be one ah those riders…” Someone whispers near him as the bakery door swings closed with the tinkle of a bell. A flare of pride flourishes in Sherlock’s chest, and his chin tilts up.
"She's obsessively organized," he says, unfolding the hatch. The dark wood opens, extending into the business surface and revealing a few small drawers with silver knobs. He shoves aside the padded chair. "Therefor, there will be a nod to where we should go next."
But his wants for the outcome have shifted, mottled, changed. What he’d once admitted wasn’t the entire truth anymore.
“She was old, like I said. If you don't think she was old because you've seen old ones before, you've never seen one that's
The chill presses up against Sherlock, as if it leaks in from invisible cracks in the wall, but his face is flushed. Notebooks and veterinary texts are spilled over the countertop and the chair by the woodstove in the corner, and the flat holds a scent of old paper and tea. The bed is meticulously made, Sherlock notes with interest, with the pillows pushed up by the headboard. Did John expect to have company?
The tourist (American, approximately seventeen, though tall - lives with his stepmother and father, came here with the latter— paranoid) shivers as Sherlock stares at him. This claim makes no sense. Redbeard isn't even a large horse, his ears aren't elongated, his pelt is clearly dry, his ribs aren't showing, and he’s not draped in charms.
