Of all the times it could have happened, not before, not after Tony pregnancy but now on the last month of his second trimester the Avenger gets a call Hawaii was being attacked by a God damn tentacle sea monster, Aliens, Robots he could handle but monster why, isn't it enough to sich mentally disturbed humans or deranged aliens from outer space on them now monsters next the boogyman was going to jump out the closet or sasquatch is going to come down the snowy mountains demanding rights and knowing activists these days they will go for it, ok maybe that's a little too far but who know these days.
“well I'm glad you liked it tony,” Raven said smiling at Tony as she stacked the dirty plates to be washed while the rest went to Charles study he had offered lend a hand but was waved away stated it would be fast and that he should join the rest.
Watching as Tony Stark and his companion leave T'challa turned to Okoye “Did you see that” T'challa asks his general.
“See I told you” Shaking his head “Look I don't completely understand why you want to go but I will support you and dont even think I'm not going with you because I am,” Rhodey said giving Tony the no argument look.
“No stark is too much of an attention seeker to retire he probably just knocked a woman up to have the child as an attention beacon” Wanda sneered.
“Alright then how about you tell me where Barton family is we know he has one we just don't know where”
Tony was having a real hard time looking away from the picture the doctor had given him, that is his baby the sudden realism of what was happening dawned on him he was going to be a father the feeling of protectiveness and love rushed through him like a tidal wave that left him almost breathless.
Walking toward the lift tony tried his best not to get caught he does feel guilty for not telling Rhodey he was going since they decided not to let him go anywhere alone, but Rhodey have missed too much of his Rehabilitation sessions and tony couldn't help but feel guilty again if not for him Rhodey wouldn't have fallen and if not for him again Rhodey wouldn't miss his sessions so sneaking out was the only option.
The morning they had arrived at Xavier’s mansion, they sat in his office they had been coming to Charles ever since mason was born he was glad he had their help with mason’s powers or else he wouldn’t have known what to do sure he would have figured it out but he was grateful.
Smiling at the man T’challa took a chance to look tony over as he was digging through his case, the lightly bronzed skin and the color in his cheeks told T’challa tony was healthy he look extremely better than he did before, before he was pasty pale and skittish like he was just waiting for someone or something to jump out at him “you look well Mr. stark retirement seem to suit you” T’challa said taking note of how tony froze when T’challa mentioned his retirement there were something there T’challa just didn’t know what it was.
“I know you did” replied her father the sound of a weapon charging up caught his attention he looked back “get down” he shouted pushing her uncle down raising his shield to cover them as the energy shot bounced off the shield blowing a hole in the train.
He couldn't understand his mind was a fog and it felt like he was floating why was he here how did he get here but nothing came to mind as the elevator dinged announcing his arrival Steve stepped inside, wide-open space greeted him there was no furniture only roof to floor windows and right in the middle of the room was a playpen with a baby inside a baby girl playing with her toys, feeling a pull steve moved towards the pen as he got closer he saw the very likeness of tony in the baby to her brown mess of hair and the brown of her eyes as she looked up at him giving him a toothy smile “Da Da” she giggled.
Placing the folder down once he finished “do I even want to know what is in the other folder” T’challa asked looking green around the gills.
“oh shit ”they both said in unison knowing it took a real sharp turn and trouble will be coming to there front door
Tony sat and watched mason sleep worrying his lip he wanted to tell her so bad about why he was worried he knew she would understand he needed to go back to wakanda the UN had been paying close attention to Tony’s new Council looking for ways to implant their people so they could have an upper hand in deciding mutants and enchanted individuals fate and with T’challa, Charles and the presidents support the council have been made legal and put into place of authority over mutants and enchanted individuals, only the other day Rhodey had been approached by one of the UN’s lackeys with an offer work for them under the UN guidance or be dishonorable discharge from service only in the eyes of corruption was that un offer but to them, it was blackmail which was stopped swiftly with a visit from the president Tony bet they didn’t see that coming, he wanted to take mason with him to wakanda introduce her to more advance technology but he didn’t know if she would be able to deal with the energy emitting from the place and her losing control while they were there was a big no, no.
Jerking upwards as a bang sounded in the bedroom, looking at the door steve watching as Tony stepped into his room walking toward him
Watching as Tony turned and looked into one of the reflected surfaces only to turn back around with a confused expression on his face, but not as confused as Rhodey's as Tony had turned back around Rhodey saw Tony's eyes had gone back to its natural brown “what about them” Tony asks.
“Tony, there is one thing you should know all though mutants have been tolerated everywhere around the world there not exactly well appreciated anywhere it would be best if we kept your and your daughter's mutation quiet” Charles explained the fact that his daughter wouldn't always have a peaceful and enjoying life broke his heart a little he wanted her to live a life he never could to be able to smell the roses without mass mob of paparazzi following her around but knowing that she was a stark it was going to happen anyway even if they did keep quiet.
A year after civil war the last of hydra's scientist decided it was safe for them to continue with there work since the avengers are no longer a threat and what beter of a subject then tony stark.
“Mr. Stark” Laura was completely confused the last time she saw him was when he had hidden out at her farm,“Did something happen,” she asked Tony.
“Yes well, oh look the king of Wakanda is here why dont you go say hi, i know you still have things to discuss with him,” Pepper said nodding towards the king talking to a potential donator.
Waving his hand in dismissal he couldn't allow T'challa's help knowing one test could show them what exactly was wrong he didnt wants to have to explain what had happened and having Rogers finding out about is not an option “yes I'm fine oldness can do this kind of things” tony lie hoping it would work he didnt really have any good excuses.
Coming at a stop on the floor Rhodey had to get off, he hadn't said a word since Tony had told him the plan, Tony could see he was contemplating it so he stood waiting quietly (which was very difficult for him).
Pulling and pulling Tony tries to get loose but with no success his mind had cleared enough to see through the camera's but the cuffs weren't locked by any electrical so he was still stuck, at least he could get a warning when anyone came his way, at all accounts Tony was mostly left alone the doctors check on him from time to time to see if the baby was fine or if he was ready to pop but other then that he was left alone.
“For one testing her IQ would be a start also there is a big possibility she has eidetic memory, I would suggest Advance classes it would help her learn a lot more than normal classes skipping a few grades, yes but it will also remove the thing she already know it won’t drag on and keep her back, it would be best for her”.
Tony felt like he could pull out his hair, not only does he NOW have mutant DNA but that his DNA matchs barnes “your telling me that my DNA is now so royale screwed up that I'm a mutant and that i have a blood match with Barnes” tony asked the erg of banging his head against the desk was growing by the minute
Landing on a roof next to vision who was sent ahead of them “I dont know but let's see if we lure it back to the sea, if not we need to kill it without causing to much damage and casualties ill scan for any weak spots and relay any information i get to you” tony said firmly knowing what each has to do they set off.
Placing the baby plate of smushed peas in the sink Tony let out a loud sigh “I know she likes her Baby food pep but it's not feeding her properly, her metabolism burns its way to fast for her then she gets hungry again” Tony said wiping away the smushed food all over the kitchen they had gotten used to the teleporting since they realized she only teleported to two places, the avengers compound, and Xaviers Mansion it had nearly given tony a heart attack when he found out she wasn't at the mansion but luckily Rhodey had called and told him she was at the compound.
“Cold, wet and miserable, hows sweet pea,” Rhodey asked and Tony had to smile Mason had both Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy not to mention peter wrapped around her tiny finger it would have been Hilarious if he wasn't wrapped around her fingers too.
Shocked and confused Strange straightened turning towards wong the shock clear on his face “Please tell me you saw that too”.
He was at no means or wants to be a father not with his history but he didn't have the hard to not only abort the baby but to give it up so he decided to keep him or her. He was afraid first but he had help as months go by of mood swings cravings restlessness and pain. Tony Edward Stark gave birth to a beautiful baby girl
Sam looked slightly guilty at that he knew Steve didnt sleep well and even a little sleep he could get was filled with nightmares.
“Okay good everything seems to be in order J.J i want you to record a message for me,” Tony said taping away on his computer before turning towards J.J “Are you Ready,” Tony asked sitting straighter in his chair it was at least he could do, they weren't going tell Steve about the baby so he needed steve to know it wasn't because he wanted to keep the child away from him it just would be best for him to not know, everyone is going to come after her just because of tony, tony didnt want 117 countries's going after her because she was Steve's daughter too.
A loud pitch cry pierced tony's sleep with the sun streaming behind tony's eyelids tony moaned he didn't want to wake up he was so warm and comfortable, tony moaned again when another cry rang through the room followed with more crying, he felt a little shake on his shoulder and movement at his back when an arm surrounded his bare waist “Morning Doll it's your turn” Steve said kissing tony on the shoulder, leaning his back against steves chest he really didn't want to move from this position but the untiring cry rang through the entire Apartment was unceasing “come on babe Maria wants her bottle” Steve says kissing Tony on the shoulder again and patting his hip as he turned away going back to sleep.
Instantly regretting the not allowing Rhodey to join him as one of the cars sideswiped him, Tony reached for the seatbelt, as the car rocketed from side to side as the SUV attempt toed to drag him off the road.
Hands groping feeling every inch of tony body, while Tony undid steve's belt and unzipping him pushing his hand in gripping steve's Cock Stroking him a little awkwardly due to the confines of Steve's pants.
“When they do I want the full report of the events that occurred,” the man said his hand hovering to switch off the feed only to pause“ and doctor if you fail me one more time I will release you of duty and deal with this myself,” the man said ending feed letting the threat hang as Debroski cursed him in every language he knows.
The room started to lit with a blue glow and the man that had given him his successful subject stood before, he never communicated with them frequently due to not wanting anyone to know about his association with the group so knowing he was risking it know told him this was not going to be a nice chat or a usual update.
Hungry he was really hungry, usually his diet as he calls it contains cups after cups of coffee, cheeseburgers, pizza, and other junk food take out orders, whichever one he would get would always make him full or at least content and then he wouldn't need to eat breakfast the next morning or eat the next night but now he can't stop eating he was hungry all the time he could understand the first trimester to be like this but he never stopped being hungry, eating full portions five times a day and snacks in between.
It had puzzled Tony's mind that Charles hadn't asked about Tony's abilities or about the certain bun in the Oven, why keep quiet what had he to gain for keeping the little info to himself “What about the men that had driven the cars what did you do with them, ” Tony asked he wanted to know who the men were.
Entering the lab tony spotted Mason sitting in one corner with a screwdriver and a few other tools lying beside her he couldn’t see what she was working on her back was turned towards him humming a tune tony knew she heard in his lab they had given up keeping her out of the lab she reminded him a lot about himself when he was younger it made his heart swell with pride they had made her promise not to do anything dangerous in the lab and if she did want to do anything dangerous an adult would be present as much as they had tried Mason wouldn’t stay out of the lab even if they tried she would just teleport back into the lab so they gave in.
“It's okay vision just didn't expect it you been quiet these days we almost never see you, are you okay” looking at vision he couldn't tell the wear and tear the man was going through but Tony could see it in his eyes it was a familiar look he knew quite a lot from having experienced it himself.
Driving back from Xavier’s mansion mason was quiet to quiet for her usual self it worried tony he wasn’t use to the silent around his daughter just like him she couldn’t stay quiet she was chatty and bubbly no matter where she went or what she did she would either chat with him, happy, Rhodey pepper, or vision and when peter arrives she was instantly there telling him about her day so the silence was unnerving and unsettling as tony was about to ask mason if something bothered her “daddy is something wrong with me” mason asked her voice was so quiet he almost didn’t hear it but due to the serum running in his veins he heard her well enough.
“So your basically building another Robot,” Rhodey said as he glanced worriedly at tony giving at what Tony had been through Rhodey should have known that Tony would never create something like Ultron again and also that the program didnt have the mind stones influence on it.
Having heard her scream pepper looked at where she had last seen mason only to see she wasn’t there anymore panic settled in as they searched the park and Mason was nowhere to be found “ Mason” pepper yelled out but no answer she turned towards happy that had returned from searching the other end of the park “ anything” pepper asked.
“Oh right sorry, Stark went missing Six months ago it was all over the news when they found out about it but that only after stark got back and when he was asked about it starks statement was he needed a Vacation, but it didnt add up because nobody saw him anywhere” Scott explained.
Having decided on what to do Charles rolled his chair around toward the rest that had joined the “yes I’m fine I found out a few interesting facts which we will discuss” Charles looked at tony “but right now starting next week I want mason to train with the Xmen Jean will be her mentor we will guide her through the tasks and teach her how to defend herself”.
God Steve didnt know when he started wanting this so badly having tony in his arms felt so right, he never had wanted this, but now that he had it he didnt want to let go
Rhodey was exhausted but he just couldn't sleep pepper and peter had both fallen asleep in their chairs vision had been here a while ago but left soon after he understood that vision couldn't exactly sit still so he had gone upstairs to keep himself busy, Rhodey had just started to douse off when the waiting room doors open and a doctor and his nurse walked in Rhodey shook pepper awake before standing his eyes drifted past the doctor to the nurse who was holding a precious bundle wrapped in a pink blanket in her arms it was the most beautiful thing Rhodey had ever seen, hearing a quiet gasp from pepper Rhodey couldn't stop looking at the beautiful bundle but he pulled his eyes away and concentrated on what the doctor had to say.
“Oh don't you worry gumdrop, i already have a plan,” Tony said giving him a brode smile, leaning backward rubbing his swollen stomach while Rhodey was completely memorized as he watched the baby move beneath Tony's hand.
“AS MUCH AS I DONT LIKE TO BE NEAR THEM I HAVE TO DO THIS NOT JUST FOR ME FOR MY DAUGHTER IF I GET THE AVENGERS BACK I CAN RETIRE WITHOUT HER WORRYING IF SHE IS EVER GOING TO SEE ME AGAIN, I ALREADY LOST PEPPER THAT WAY IM NOT LOSING HER TOO AND SHE IS NOT LOSING ME” Tony yelled completely consumed in his mood swing, not even noticing with every word he yelled out the lights had started to flicker and vibrate.
“sweetheart daddy, daddy doesn’t know you yet but I can tell you if he does meet you one day he will love you very, very much” tony said cuddling mason close.
Rhodey had been dealt a lot of shit over the years and he had many regrets but being Tony Starks friend would never be one of them, yes he gave Rhodey a lot of gray hair and made him want to strangle the little shit but he realized that he wouldn't change it for the world not even if they paid him, Tony had many flaws and faults but he made up for it, hell he even made up for shit that wasn't his problem, it bothered him to no end that tony took complete responsibility for what happened with Ultron and civil war even if he knew it wasn't all his fault that everyone had a part in it, he also hated that Tony blamed himself for Rhodey fall truth be told Rhodey didnt blame anyone, not even vision or Wilson it was just pure bad luck that he got hit, one of Rhodey greatest regrets was the fight he had with Tony about leaving it all behind he knew tony would never do it but he still pushed for it and end up hurting tony in the process and now they were in danger again missing for almost a whole month, he didnt care about wither or not he stayed or went all he wanted now was to get them back and making up for the fight they had.
Hesitating tony looked over to Rhodey who had been quiet letting tony be the one to explain and tell his story and support him when he needed it, giving Tony a nod of encouragement to continue.
“yes as it seems you and Sergeant Barnes are now blood related boss” Friday voiced with a hint of sympothy.
The sun was shining the air was wonderful and even the road was quiet and yet Tony couldn't focus his mind keep wondering from place to place one problem after another there wasn't a problem he couldn't solve in turn made this completely maddening.
They didn't know what had happened at the Hydra base only that Steve and Bucky had come back badly injured and bucky was missing an arm from the fight but that was only what Steve had told them and somehow he knew that wasn't the whole truth but he just didn't ask further, now hearing someone else saying what Sam was believing made him think he should have asked for more information he just wasn't sure Steve was going to give it, leaving him with more questions than answers and making him more worried than he was before
Nodding the king straightened from where he leaned against “I can't give you my full support not yet at least but do as you must ill decide about the position you offered until then”.
(1. His lower torso hurts like hell well more like his whole body hurt like hell like he was run over by the hulk without his hulk buster suit on.
“Fry add going to see Charles Xavier to the almost full list to do please and what about the super soldier DNA”
“Did i just heard him right?” Sam asked still looking at the screen showing a just departed Tony Stark with pepper on his tail.
“Ah ah,” the purple Giant said turning her head back toward the blade “Concentrate”. He watched as she balanced the blade on her finger“there you've got it” he said as she succeeded to balance it behind her laid one half of the planet's population dead.
The look and tone of voice he was receiving grated on his nerves but he withheld the urge to snap at the man he still needed his resources to continue his project and he was not going to waste the opportunity by stepping over the line,
Tony couldn't believe what he was hearing “What” hoping he had heard wrong, Rhodey wouldn't judge him for what had happened with Ultron at least he hoped not but the hope was quickly splintering Away, and the look on Rhodey's face didn't raise any hopes.
“Hay hay I know that look, I'm fine, great actually, so don't worry, take a shower and we will go and if it will make you happy then happy will drive” Tony smiled as he stood patting Rhodey on the shoulder.
Nodding the king walked around the table towards tony“ Are you sure you're all right Mr. Stark we can always have a look to see if you are alright” T'challa offers.
Upon arrival in Wakanda, Tony had to completely shut down his mind from reaching out the massive throb he had gotten was horrendous and he wasn't even in Wakanda when it had started the buzz that went underneath his skin when they went through the barrier was also very unpleasant the amount of power that went through his head when they had reached the city scared him and the fact that the metal was whispering at him was even more unsettling, he was now regretting that he had agreed to come to Wakanda but he couldn't say no to the king when it was offered so he wasn't backing down, it wasn't as if the technology wasn't impressive because it was but the info that had been trying to force its way into his head was overpowering he just needed to push through it.
“Scott” Steve cut into Scott's babbling, he knew if he didn't stop Scott now he would babble on for hours.
It said before disappearing into thin air and everything went dark as Mason fell to the floor unconscious.
“Where is steve anyway,” Natasha asked steve hadn't been in the lounge when they had arrived and he didnt come after the statement it was unusual for him.
“Yes thank you, Charles and thanks again for helping, we should probably get going still have things to do if anything pops up about anything you need to know ill call you” Rhodey said as he took a hold of tony's shoulder.
“I just don’t understand it, Charles, she just made him come alive, no I.A no old age robotic batteries or power cords nothing just poof a glow of white light and there he was alive” Tony explaining wildly gesturing with his hands.
“Look,” the purple giant said letting the blades emerge“ pretty isn't it” playing with it in his hand before balancing it on his finger“ perfectly balanced as all things should be, too much on one side or the other” He tilted his finger slightly from one side to the other letting it fall before catching it “here” he handed the blade to Gamora “You try”.
As tony started getting up a wave of dizziness and nausea hit him, he bolted towards the bathroom, lose the little of contents he has in his stomach, he hasn't had nausea in a long while due to the pills the doctor had him on and it is unpleasant as he remembers it.
Tony was completely paralyzed by what he just witnessed he couldn't believe it they were gone, ashed, a memory niggled him as he remembered when he was on his way to Charles and the two cars had bashed and ground against his and the beat of his baby's heart in his ears just before he passed out and finding out about the crash after and the disappearance of the two men in the cars he realized they didnt get way they were vaporized just like these guards were, his baby had done it, protected him when he was in danger or when he was afraid, Pride overwhelmed him, his baby had protected him with her powers and she wasn't even born yet, the feeling didnt last long when he realized they were still stuck in the hydra base, before he could think of a plan the door burst open and the doctor from before rushed in.
“How did you learn that Macie,” Charles asked watching as mason placed the energy ball back into Rex turning the robotic dog back to it yippy happy self-chasing it's tail as it bounded off to play.
“ill think about what we discussed and ill give this gift to him,” T'challa said as they entered the ballroom the party was still on full blast.
And all that had now changed if what he was looking at was true he is not so human anymore, either they found a way to make a serum akin to the super soldier serum or they still had some left after barns and the super soldiers but either way they had used it on him he if he remembered they didn't give him anything that looked like the serum he will have to look into that and by the look of it there are some other chromosomes mixture that combined with his some not the same as the others yet its fused perfectly he needed to do some test to see if he could comprehend what they exactly were
He was already halfway to bartons room when he realized he was so occupied with his thoughts he didn't even notice his path, he knew he had to go see Clint but he had wanted to wait till morning, he trusted Stark not to bug the phone but he still checked by his sister just to be safe, better safe than sorry as they say and he was right the phone was completely bugless and it had only one number on it, the number of the pilot of the plane that would take Barton to his family.
{If i have to tell you, Erik, i may wonder about your reading skills, one wrong question, and he shuts close like a vault, we need to be cautious and respectful}charles answers giving Erik aside glans.
“Why don’t you take a nap ill wake you up when we arrive at school okay?” Tony said kissing mason’s forehead which mason just nodded to before drifting off to sleep.
“Tony” Rhodey called out running towards him skidding to a stop when he spotted the blood-covered walls and the two dead bodies walking over and around them, Rhodey grabbed his bed and started pushing“Come on tony time to go”.
Watching as Steve left the room Sam turned to head to his room only to come to a stop, Natasha standing against the wall staring at where Steve had left “You okay” Sam asked.
They had left early in the morning Mason had been extremely excited about visiting the mansion and had been babbling ever since they left.
Now here he is sitting in a cold, dark and disgusting room full of needle marks and bruises. They took so much blood tony's surprised he has any blood left. And let's not forget about injecting shit into him that he didn't know what it was. But whatever it was hurt like hell and it made him sick. headaches, dizziness, fever, nausea the works.
“Mason get back here this instance,” Tony yelled as he chased her into the living room, the bathwater was ready he was busy undressing her when she had bolted out of the bathroom with him giving chase they were lucky she had stopped with the instant teleportation or else someone would have walked into a naked child giggling like a loon.
“Yes sir we are getting close to finding bartons farm it won't be long now” another voice answered in return.
“Are you sure you want to do this tony?” pepper ask coming to stand next to him he knew she was worried this was a big step for him but he wanted to do it.
If only he was that lucky (which he was not) standing inside the lift is the very person he was trying to elude with an Are You Serious expression on his face(Damn Friday must have warned Rhodey) shoulders sagging tony gave Rhodey his best smile, it won't work but he could still try“ hey i thought you were busy with therapy” Tony asked as he walked into the lift.
“yes he would be okay he'll just have a headache but unharmed are you all alright” Charles ask he already know Tony won't talk about what he saw so he didn't try
Charles rolled his chair to mason stopping next to her tony sat back and watched Charles talking with his daughter until Charles called him over moving towards the couch.
“I miss her too, look called to tell you I'm going to be in DC longer than planned” Rhodey explained looking extremely tired all of the sudden a look that didnt sit well with him making him look twice as old as he really was.
Now all he had to do is figure out how he was going to do that while he was retired he didn't want his kid to go through what he did when he was young that includes losing her parents or parent at a young age
“Of course” he walked Rhodey whatever door “And Colonel, when whatever happened, is over let’s talk again I might be interested in, what we discussed”.
“Because I felt it you were worried,” mason said relaxing in her father’s arms taking in the smell of the soap he washed with cologne and motor oil it soothed her to an almost sleep state.
“shish when did i make an A.I with mother hen syndrome” Tony mumbles to himself as he sets out to work.
“Steve was right there Rhodey God i wanted to tell him, i should have told him, he deserves to know,” Tony said gipping the phone a little tighter.
“I dont care i want that child out of him now if you won't do it then ill find someone who will take your place” the man spoke completely oblivious to her annoyance or he just didn't care, dreed filled him they wanted to take his baby away from him.
“Wanda that's enough” Steve hissed at Wanda, a sudden flare of protectiveness rose in it made his head swim he didnt know where it had come from and by looking at the shocked face of Wanda told him neither did she.
“So while you are so saying having fun, the Avengers are rogue's, trying to save the world with no weapons or technical support or a roof over their heads and with 117 countries hunting them” Fury's glare grew colder by every clipped word he spoke, Tony needed to remind himself to stay calm, the absolute nerve he had to come to him and question him about his loyalty to the Avengers he had stood by the Avengers gave them the best he could make upgraded there weapons yes he had made mistakes but he tried everything in his power to make them right.
“I have asked you here to inform you of Mr. Starks arrival in a few hours, it would be best if you stayed in the guest wing until Mr. Starks departure,” T'challa said watching a cascade of emotions pass over the Avengers face, Anger, Sadness, and the most prominent Guilt “He and Mr. Rhodes will be here as my guest”.
The king rose to shake Tony’s hand before they took their seats “thank your highness for seeing me again I know you must be a busy man so I’ll make it short” Tony said.
“Mason was meant to survive for a greater purpose, a purpose we can’t even imagine and only she can discover it and it had nothing to do with the serums or the mutant gene although it had a part in it but it’s something more and we don’t know what it is” Charles explained tony looked toward where mason was playing now knowing the heavy burden that will be sitting on his daughters shoulders made him want her to remain a child to allow her to enjoy her childhood even if it’s just for a while.
Being pulled from his thoughts he looked up from where he was staring at his hands.“ Sorry say that again” Tony asked.
Okay if he was going to be straight with himself he didn't have a plan, well not much of a plan anyway since the talk yesterday Tony had been boggling his mind in how to do this but he conceded that a phone call would probably be better seeing as he was now 7 months pregnant the baby had decided to show as it should leaving him no choice to stay in bed and completely out of the public eye.
The hunt for Ross had moved forward guess him being one of Hydra's suppliers didn't sit well with the government and was sentenced to life in a high max prison, where not even his high up contacts could get him out, if they ever managed to find him, the raft was somehow destroyed nobody knew how or who did it.
Gapping at Rhodey in utter disbelieve “What, Friday put up the vid right at the beginning would you” Tony said with both of them turning toward the display that popped open, watch a previous tony working at the bench for a solid 5 min before Rhodey Strode in if not stormed in, not much with a greeting rhodey started asking Tony about the call to the king and why there had been a flight scheduled when Tony went on and told rhodey about their upcoming visit to Wakanda as they watched Rhodey try and make tony see reason they noticed as tony shoulders became tense but also the light started to vibrate and swing a little the more Rhodey try as talk Tony out of it the more the light swung until Tony finally snaps and turns towards rhodey eyes blue and glowing slightly a flicker went through the vid briefly but continues as normal till present time were both men watch in utter disbelieve Rhodey had seen tony eyes turn blue but he hadn't noticed the lights.
“Mason dont you do it, dont you dare” Tony warned mason before ducking as smushed peas flew his way just barely missing him they have been trying to feed mason different types of food than baby food but other then smushed carrots and baby food she refuses to eat, getting her off the bottle hadn't been as hard as getting her off her baby food he knew she was a little young but all considered she wasn't a normal baby she had enjoyed her sippy cup but she was stubborn when it came to food.
Tony wasn't surprised Ross would go so low, he just didn't expect it to be that bluntly *asshole* “Even if I did know ross I wouldn't tell you, they don't have anything to do with this and you know it”
“I understand but what i dont understand is why are you doing this i have seen many mistakes the government makes with the mutants and the inchanted humans but even those have been handled by the Xmen quite efficiently too so why,” T'challa asked.
“Retiring,” Sam Wilson says completely dumbstruck after Tony meeting and in the rush, he had left in T'challa had come and informed them of the meeting T'challa didnt need to but he still did, however, he wished he didnt it only made Sam wonder more about what had happened in Siberia he hated thinking badly of steve not only because they were friends but he was also Captain America a hero, or so he thought.
Shaking his head hoping it would clear some of the fog that was still there “I'm fine just a weird dream” he reassured her but he wasn't alright because somehow he knew it wasn't a dream.
“Mr. Stark I’m glad you could join me today, and I’m sorry if I worried you there is really nothing to worry about,” Principal Davis said giving mason a smile before he continued “you have an extremely genius little girl Mr. Stark and we love her here but the thing is we don’t have anything more to teach her”.
“First of all, i would like to apologize for my hasty retreat back in Wakanda it was rude and i apologize,” Tony said he wanted to take it all back but he needed to do this if Ton could get T'challa onboard with the program.
Snapping out of his thoughts he realized he had been daydreaming he mentally cursed himself for not paying attention “sorry got lost in thought what is it you were saying” Tony asked, watching as the king gave him a skeptical look he couldn't blame T'challa for being skeptical.
“He would have wanted to see this” Natasha prodded by the smile that spread The king's face told her she wasn't going to get anywhere even if she prodded.
“I make no promises” Charles chuckled as he watched mason's eyes flutter before they close as she fell asleep.
“Pep I’ll be there soon, did Friday see if she could find anything” tony asked the pacing didn’t stop and tony didn’t look any better than he did before he was pale and panicky running his hand in his hair, T’challa just couldn’t figure out what had happened to make a powerful, in depended and smart man so Afraid “pep I’ll be there soon make sure Friday searches every inch of everywhere” tony said before he hangs up the phone and returned back to the king.
“We're going to have some fun with you stark, you know i think we developed a kink here i think ill call it the pregnant stark kink,” McCrawl said his hand gliding over his crotch landing on tony's stomach where his baby rest, a bile rose in tony's throat just thinking about what they wanted to do to him, oh god how can he stop them he was absolutely helpless he could barely move, the anger in tony rose as McCrawl's hand still rubbed his belly how fucking dare he touch his baby girl how fucking dare he touch him.
“I so sorry tony i should have saved you,” Steve said sadness and guilt run his body ragged knowing tony suffered made him sick.
“shhh hay it was just a dream” moving forward and resting his head on tony's Steve looked into his eyes “everything is okay”
“to oversee the mentally and physical health of baby Stark along with her security and protecting her when the time arrives”.
“So it could just be my Abilities acting up,” Tony asked cautiously trying to curve around the subject seeing how much he could skid another direction.
And didnt that just hurts knowing their friend was going to die and Steve could do nothing about it, and having ended things the way the did make it a lot worse.
“No, No” Tony yelled struggling to get free but the grip was too strong, the others tried to lift him to get his underwear off, the almost unadulterated fear coursing through him made his body shiver and sweat as McCrawl moved closer to him his hard cock hanging out of his unzipped pants.
And given at any day Tony would have been able to concentrate on his work but he couldn't, image after image of his daughter flashed through his mind like a slideshow, a profound amount of joy filed him at the slow and steady beat of her heart that let him know she was healthy, he knew he needed to get his work done, he had Friday keep digging (discreetly) into Ross past collecting all the evidence that Ross thought he buried deep enough for no one to find but no matter how deep she went he made all the little thing that's wrong look innocent it was getting on his nerves.
“Don't you touch her, don't you fucking touch her” tony yelled the fury inside him rose but so did the fear he was strapped to the makeshift bed he couldn't stop them even if he wanted to he wiggled and shift away from McCrawl as much as he could the hand shifted up to his chest and neck grabbing him by the jaw forcing tony to look at him.
“Fine just do your goddamn job don't make me regret this,” the man said there was a sound of footsteps and a door opening and closing as he left the room.
Which she did her tiny hand took hold of his finger holding it as he stood taking her toward a roofed platform before kneeling again retrieving a little retractable double-ended dagger from is armor pocket and showing it to her.
“Don't know, just suddenly there was a sharp pain?” Tony said watching the doctor work tony couldn't explain what had happened he had never experienced that kind of pain before and he knows a lot about pain.
Not wasting any time Charles picked up the phone and called Rhodey “Charles find anything”Rhodey asked charles could tell he was tired.
The mansion was mostly quiet due to the kids being in class already when they reach the kitchen the only few people that were at the table was Charles, Eric, and Hank, Raven was at the stove making breakfast “Ah awake at last I see, please join us”, Charles said upon their arrival.
“well, shit this makes things more complicated do you have any idea what those are,” Rhodey asked as he turned towards Tony.
“Oh come on Fry please i won't do any heavy lifting or anything stressful i promise, please,” Tony asked glancing at the ceiling where he knew the camera was.
After a few minutes of adding the last of J.J coding and protocols to his Core, he was ready to be activated“J.J ”Tony called out.
Nodding Sam turned and walked back to the common room as Steve closed the door he got a strange feeling he walked toward his bedside looking at his clock Steve saw he had been asleep for almost seven to Eight hours.
Never felt before a rush of energy awoken the power lying dormant inside the stone as it searches for the source another rush of energy swept inside it, sensing the change in its host the mind stone send out feelers he wanted that energy, sensing the child in its host's arms, colors, scenes, people and memories went through the stone.
“Oh God” pepper whispered as her gaze landed on mason little butterfly catcher she had been playing with laying by one of the bushed that was near the road, sinking down on her knees pepper took hold of the toy and coming to realize what had just happened.
Sitting in the principal office mason rubbed the sleep out of her eyes she had slept for an hour before tony had woken her up he didn’t want to but they both need to be there when they talked to her principle.
“Oh no baby I wasn’t mad at him I was mad at the people that are keeping daddy away” tony explained.
“You know you're not supposed to be in here doctors orders”Rhodey stated as he walked into the lab he knows he should be angry with Tony, he should be resting the doctor told him it may be a rough pregnancy the second time they went for ultrasound and a checkup to see if everything was still okay the doctor had an expression on his face that he couldn't explain but he didn't like it.
“I don’t know sweetheart they didn’t say” Tony tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear when it had fallen into her eyes.
Fury opened his mouth to talk again but by the way, Stark was holding his body told him he was done arguing so he turned and he left leaving Tony in his own peace.
Glancing down at his own drink Rhodey grimaced he didn’t want to drink he wanted to get this conversation over with so he could go home so he toughed it out and took a drink enjoying the burn as it went down “yes and thank you for keeping me here so long I know you’re a busy man but I only need a few minutes of your time” Rhodey explained placing his drink down, resting his elbow on his knees “you and me both know that mutants and enchanted individuals have been treated unkindly over the years from both the task forces and the civilians of the world and even some of us humans were treated badly because of the support we give the mutants and enchanted individuals and I’m not saying that they are perfect but being treated fairly doesn’t cost any one anything”.
The familiar sound of his baby's heartbeat drummed in his ear getting loud the more they struggled to undress him, a pitch ring sound erupted out of nowhere the guards and McCrawl covered their ears as it came to a point it pained but it had no effect on tony he heard the ring it was soft but it caused the others pain, as a white heat sensation swept through tony a blast of energy, rushed through the room reducing the guards and McCrawl to ash as they were vaporized.
Helping bartons wife pack and getting her kids into the chopper the buzz from before started again, it didn't take Tony long before he cleared up the vocals, he was getting better at using his abilities it still gave him a minor headache but it was durable.
Standing behind the doors leading him toward the stage, a stage he was going to make an announcement on he wasn't afraid he needed to do this it was for the best of his daughter who was home with her grandfather waiting and watching when he was going to make his announcement taking a breath tony reached for the door.
“It's a long story and frankly it's not mine to tell but Remember when Jean came to us she had manifested her powers at a young age of 10 and became one of the most powerful mutants there is”
“stark is nothing but bad news your highness and for all, we know it could be bugged” Barton sneered making T'challa's blood boil stark had so far done nothing but try and help barton and his family not to mention helping the avengers get free.
Sitting in the conference room tony waited for Ross, typed away on is stark pad there were still some coding he needed to do before he could build the inner shell of his project he could just have done it with his mind but he liked it old school working with his hands and he was still new at it if he worked too hard with his mind he gets a splitting headache and his nose bleeds the first time he overdid it he was nearly knocked out cold trying to build a suit from scratch luckily vision was there to catch him when he staggerd to the floor which ended with vision telling pepper and him getting a tongue lashing from pepper and rhodey which pepper told
“Sir we saw him, yes he just left, yes sir he was alone, yes sir we will and no he hasn't shown any signs yet, we will keep watch, will do sir” Ending the call he started the car and drove the same direction stark went.
: Come on Master Anthony we don't want to upset him even more than he already is: The real Jarvis said while he led tony out of his father's lab.
Concentrating only on the voices, Tony started working on clearing the noises and grabbing the vocals.
Turning back toward them, Hank and Erik had bow on the couch he had been on moments ago, the kid was still out cold he felt guilty even if he had no idea what had happened.
“Of course Sweetheart” tony opened the covers allowing mason to crawl in while Rex laid down at their feet.
“when Mr. Stark had come in he had seemed fine a little pale but fine, for a while we were discussing the accords everything seemed well but then he had a pained expression on his face, he had gasped out in pain too, he went paler as well, Colonel had seemed quite distraught by it, as they stood to leave Mr. Stark swayed on his feet and Colonel Rhodes made sure to be at reaching distance to make sure he could catch Mr. Stark if he fell” T'challa explained to them about what had happened previously.
The feeling of consciousness came over him and he felt himself drift again closing his eyes for a second.
“God i dont know what to say, I'm lost for words, steve if you're seeing this then it means you've found out about our daughter and i gave this to you to watch, in this drive im going to record everthing that happens in her life i know it won't be the real thing but its the only thing i can think of so you won't miss completely everything in her life” tony moaned rubbing his face with his hand“Why is this so hard” Letting out a sigh“ okay first thing first you probably want to know how she was created and how she is your daughter, to tell you the truth i don't exactly know myself the only conclusion i could come up with is Biogenetic engineering on an Extreme-scale so far as it seems, semen genetically created from your genetics and a womb, genetically created from mine trust me its insane and confusing all at once, look this is not the way i wanted you to find out about our daughter i wanted to tell you myself but i have to settle for this I'm sorry i had to keep her away from you, i had thought it would be better for her to experience a normal life before she was thrown into the life of superheroes, and danger its why I'm retiring so she wouldn't have to watch her old man die, Again im sorry you deserve to be part of her life but we needed precautions i cant tell you how sorry i am for not allowing you to see her but i will tell her about you the good and the bad she deserves the truth of both of us,”tony spoke softly regret lased his voice, rubbing his stomach trying to sooth the restless baby kicking around about in there she could feel he was upset about something but she didnt understand.
Walking up to Charles as he sat by the window look out the courtyard, it was late everyone was asleep Charles always go down the halls to check if everything was fine with the students, but tonight he didn't which was strange in itself.
“Just please get me the hell out of here” knowing and hoping he will never see this place again he let vision and peter walk with him out of the door.
charles saw something was wrong, tony breathing was harsh, there was pain showing on his face, Rhodey had also noticed this he stepped forward going to comfort his friend.
“As much as we can speculate on what had really happened there is no proof anything did happen, and i understand your worry for him but there is nothing we or you can do without causing an incident or getting captured, so if you will excuse me i have meetings to go to and a country to run” T'challa said as he bid them a farewell and left.
In all considered times Tony was all for a party he would rule the floor, businessmen would sneer, the rich snobs would kiss his ass and woman and some men would sway at a mere wink of an eye, he would pat himself on the back grab a scotch and drank his night away all while he got the girl who he fancied the night in his bed, well before pepper that is, oh how times had changed, more like how he had changed, businessmen still sneered, men and woman still swayed and rich bastard snobs still tried to kiss his ass to just get that little piece of wealth that they could out of him, normally he could play with it or simply ignore it but today was NOT one of those days and he was getting annoyed by the second.
Nodding his head tony took a deep breath and closed his eyes his complete focus was with his daughter for a few minutes there were silence and darkness he fell into focus tony heard his heartbeat and beyond his, he heard his daughter's heartbeat it was a strong beat but he was still in darkness he couldn’t even make heaheartbeathing and other then the heartbeat tony could find anything.
Breakfast how long has he been asleep last he remember it wasn't even past one when he had left for the mansion and he couldn't really remember what had happened, “Wait for breakfast how long was I out”Tony asked not really hoping for an answer.
“I don’t know, Rogers. Someone clearly went through a lot of trouble to give you that gift.” Tony’s hands drummed on his side. “You don’t want to piss off the aliens.” It was a poor attempt at a joke, and the tilted smile he gave Steve melted quickly at the soldier’s funny look.
“It’s not any tech I’ve ever seen,” Tony admitted. But magic? Tony rubbed at the arc reactor as his mind tried to comprehend what his eyes were seeing. There had to be an explanation—there was no such thing as magic. Tiny mirrors, or multicolored thread, was woven into the suit maybe.
Water kept pouring over his face. Over and over, it filled his mouth, tinged with the metallic twang of blood.
“Stark.” Fury mused, admiration and irritation for the man always warred with each other when the genius idiot was brought up.
“Are you crazy? We don’t know what it is,” Steve reasoned, his eyes searching Tony for any indication of sanity. “We don’t even know how it got here.”
Neither of them mentioned that there had been no hills where they had left the car. In fact, they’d been ignoring that for several hours now.
He warmed his hands on his mug as he leaned against the counter. The hot drink warmed him from the inside out, lulling him further into his exhaustion instead of waking him up. Even the coffee was failing him…
“I was in that foggy haze of autopilot which comes from just the right combination of exhaustion and caffeine when the team showed up. I didn’t have to suffer through any of the awkward meet-your-new-roommates stuff since I crashed right after showing them in,” Tony argued, adding “All your talk about time-management really paid off.”
Steve looked at him and nodded shortly, his jaw set. “This is the same chap that girl mentioned. The Magician.”
For now, he’d play the part, listening and nodding like a good team player. As Fury droned on and Jarvis chipped away at SHEILD security, Tony started on puzzling out the team.
The road before them multiplied in different directions into a maze of twisting streets. All were lined with mismatched, rounded shops and carts—each painted shades of vibrant jewels or calm pastels. The stores were piled upon each other, sloppily arranged in gravity-defying stacks like an out of control pile of To-Be-Read books.
“Fine.” Tony sighed, putting the suit back on the rack. The cold had begun to seep from his bones, but it was replaced by a chilling exhaustion. He fumed to himself as they both looked around the shop for an employee, not surprised when they found the back of the shop as empty as the front.
The door creaked as it swung open, and they stepped into a small store filled with hats and clothing. Fabric in every imaginable color lined one wall, some shimmered like the night sky while others glistened with soft fur.
“That thing is a safety hazard, Tony, and I keep telling you to get rid of it. You’ve had that junk since college, and I swear it’s a different color each time I see it.”
Tony took a step closer. A forest green tag with Steve’s name written in shimmering, gold script was tied to the ribbon with matching golden thread.
Tony felt like a ping-pong ball, shooting back and forth around his workshop. One minute his hands were manipulating a hologram in the far side of the room, puzzling out how to defend the suit against and EMP, and only a few moments later he was attempting to speed up the suit-up timing in the opposite corner. He was in constant conversation with Jarvis and his bots: directing movements, shouting out orders, talking through ideas.
Tony took a step forward, taking his time to ensure Fury was fully irritated. “You’re the one that sent Natasha after me, Nick. And why was that, by the way? I thought we were pen pals, but maybe email wasn’t enough for you? I know I’m just irresistible in person, but you could have tried Face Time if you really want to see me.”
The man laughed, a full-bodied sound that implied Tony’s question was the funniest joke he had heard. “No one knows where he is!” the man got out, when he had regained control. “He takes on a new form each game, always working behind the scenes but always right under your nose.”
Tony closed his eyes and leaned back in his chair, trying to memorize the way he felt. It wasn’t always like this after talking to Rhodey, especially not on the days that Tony had seriously screwed up, but most of the time bantering with his friend left him light and happy.
Kind? Tony kept from laughing. “Well I wasn’t going to just shove them in the garage,” He rationalized, “My cars are there.”
Tension muddled his mind as Tony tried to sort out what to do. He didn’t need to be an Avenger—he didn’t even want to be. What he wanted was to be a better man than he had been. He wanted to be Iron Man and to protect and fix what he loved.
“I read the important ones.” Tony explained. He stopped and turned to her, “I didn’t think a glorified bonding session sounded very important, did you?”
Somewhere along the way, Steve had picked up a jagged rock and a sturdy branch. Now, he held a simple spear in his hand, tied together with a piece of vine. He was ready for something, but for what, Tony couldn’t say.
Tony pushed ahead of Steve, brushing his shoulder angrily on the way. Howard had spent his whole adulthood worshiping him as a perfect man; Tony had grown up surrounded by Captain America action figures, movies and t-shirts—countless kids had. But at the end of the day, Steve was just another screwed up, human being, fully equipped with brooding rage, turbulent thoughts, and premature judgment.
“There!” Steve pointed down the road, reading a sign that was farther away than any normal man’s vision could see. “Falon’s Formal Wear. Sign says
“Do you think someone is watching us?” Tiny fairy people may have been far-fetched, but clearly someone was paying attention.
“Figures that difference would matter to you.” Steve stepped closer, “I’ve seen the footage, Stark. Are you worried we’ll mess with your daily routine of getting drunk and sleeping around?”
“The reason is up there,” Fury raised his voice, gesturing to everything above their heads—everything about this world and others that they still didn’t know about. “If they wait for a reason to come down—it will be too late.”
“That is not at all what I meant, and you know that you smart ass.” Rhodey spoke in the tone that he’d seemed to cultivate just for showing how fondly exasperated he was with Tony.
“Do you care about anything else besides you and your suits?” Steve’s words slammed into him, carrying memories of Pepper’s similar accusation.
She was clever, but not in the nice way. It reminded him of his father—the way Howard would use Tony as a show piece, pretending that Tony was his world when they were around other people, then throwing him aside like a used machine as soon as they turned their backs.
Tony sighed, “I’m sorry—I thought—Should we do this again?” Tony pretended to look confused: “Fury wants to see us.”
“I don’t know, its … I saw this rainbow of colors, so bright I thought it would burn me. Loud as all heck.” Steve spun around, his blue eyes searching. “I swear I felt like I was flying. It sounds crazy, I know, but—”
Now Steve’s eyes were narrowed with concern and confusion, a mixture of troubled thoughts that made his blue irises dark and foreboding, the color of hidden thoughts. It was crazy, how much Tony noticed Steve’s eyes, he knew, but they seemed to hold the only indication that beneath the rigid soldier was an impressionable man.
. Tony turned around and began walking down the path of fine sand that veered to the right. “Then don’t.”
There was a bit of green in them, Tony realized, making them a much prettier color than the water he’d just swan-dived into. “What happened?”
“We understand them too.” Steve was quiet for a moment, and when he spoke again his words were wistful. “Maybe we’re still on Earth?”
Her fiery hair caught the sunbeams of the workshop and her coal-black eyes latched on to his. “It’s unfortunate for you, but I don’t operate based on your plans. I may have disapproved of your position on the team, but Fury wants you there.”
The corner of Tony’s mouth quirked up as he nodded his agreement: this was getting to be absurd. “Any idea what Thrimilici could be?”
“You are willing to not see your family for however long the pardons will take over a grudge you hold against the same man that saved your family,” T'challa said astounded refusing to take the phone from barton as he stepped away from him he knew a lot about grudges but the grudge Barton hold against Stark was childish .
A loud bang on the door followed by another before it was thrown open and vision walked into the room, feeling as a massive load was lifted off his shoulders he sank to the floor laughing “you took your god damn time”
Frowning Rhodey went and stood next to Tony on the monitor was a frozen video of mason and the hired men that had taken her.
Kidnapping and torture was nothing new to tony, in fact, it's an old friend of sorts. But this is the shit to the shitshow that rank second to Afghanistan, Fucking Hydra and to think after S.H.I.E.L.D fell and took hydra with it, it would be over but oh no.
“Oh my god James is Tony alright, are they alright” Pepper frantically asks her eyes were red and puffiness told Rhodey she was close to crying, the tear streaks on peters cheeks told him peter already did, he couldn't blame them he had been close to tears too when they had taken Tony into surgery if only they could get any news.
Grinning from ear to ear he knew Rhodey would come to find him when he found out he was in the lab, coming into his second Rhodey became more protective then before, trying to keep Tony off his feet and out of the lab also overfeeding him at dinner stating he's eating for two now which wasn't far from the truth his cravings had also gotten worse(if peanut butter, banana, jelly sandwich, and avocado, Chocolate Ice Cream) have anything to show for it, he would have thought the craving would be gone by now “Gumdrop your just in time”tony beckon Rhodey over where he was working on his project it was just about almost done, all the pieces and parts just needed to be added and put together.
“I didn't mean to frighten you” Vision spoke softly as if he was trying to calm a wild animal, giving at the way Tony has been this week he probably looked like one.
Startling awake mason jumped out of bed and headed for her papa’s room with Rex on her tail she didn’t want to sleep alone after that dream her heart had hurt when she woke up opening the door mason crawled up the bed and shook her papa shoulder waking him up “Macie sweetheart what is it” he asked his voice groggy with sleep.
“, No not yet Friday is still lo,oking,” Tony said turning again he walked towards the open monitor clicking away.
Entering the lab tony felt a little better he was still pissed he was a little surprised Friday had let him in he may have been taken off of bed rest but stress-related things  were still of the table“Fry princess please tell me you have something on Ross” Tony asked taking a seat his work station shuffling through blueprints and paperwork that was cluttered on top, the only thing he could do was categories and sort out all the mess in his workshop after J.J had been finished he was out of things to do really.
“our men haven't come back to us yet, we will find out when they arrive,” Debroski says twiddling his fingers a nervous habit he had developed at a young age, one he couldn't learn himself off of.
{Erik his mind has a mental shield over it, you and i both know that it is impossible to shield ones mind i want to know if it is his abilities or something else} it was a reasonable answer.
“Fine but i don't like this, Friday you better give me updates i want to know how the trip went and you” Rhodey turned pointing at tony “better not tell Friday to withhold information got it,” Rhodey said making sure with the tone of his voice how serious he was.
“On it,” Tony said after helping one group away from the trashing tentacles, he took to the air dodging the tentacles as they made a swipe at him, landing tony could see crashed and crushed pieces of cars and debris making his way toward the group who was stuck by an overturned truck blocking both the window and door, walking toward the truck tony grabbed one part of the end and started to pull the truck away.
Normally if anyone would ask if tony ever would want a child and all the responsibility that comes with the child Tony would laugh at them, LAUGH at them but here he was with child and all and he enjoyed it mason was an extremely smart child she was a fast learner she learned how to walk talk and potty trained in a course of a year not only that he had to go get mason out of Tony's lab not once but a couple of times and she was only three years old talk about the apple dont fall far from the tree.
“Great, fry open a new folder named R.O.S.S then I want you to find out about the past present and future activities of Thaddeus E. "Thunderbolt" Ross heck into it if you have to leave no prove that any one was there get any and or every piece of information you can but be careful.
{what are you up to Charles} he didn't wait long for his reply even though Charles wasn't looking at him.
Watching as the car pulled up Charles tried again to see if he could get inside starks mind but was rejected from starks mind with such force it caused pain to shoot through his mind.
“Yes i drink the pills” Tony sighs shaking his head making him aware of a headache,“ can we please not do this right now I'm tired, I'm hungry and my head feels like its going to explode”.
While trying to get lose from the cuffs tony didn't hear the door open until the guard spoke “Masterpiece isn't it stark” walking closer to the bed,
they had him for 3 months before anyone came to save him 2 months for expermenting and a month for it to settle and take hold.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
Laying in one of the beds Tony with rhodey and vision who joining them a while ago as they waited for results of the test to come. It didn't take long (after all you don't pay millions for bad equipment.)“ it's going to be okay tones” rhodey whispers to tony
“When I went into Mason's mind I met an aspect of mason almost like a counterpart but it wasn’t it told me a few things that worried me”.
Glancing at the Dora leading them towards king T'challa office he had to wonder just how much training they had gone through to be the best of the best and he wondered if when his baby girl was born that she should learn how to protect herself it was a scary thought but also a nice one just knowing she could protect herself would somehow make him feel somewhat better but hell he was her father he was going to be protective and worry even if she just stubbed her to toe or break a nail he just knew he was going to be one of those overprotective Dads.
Tony watched his daughter play with the toys that laid in the principal office, Tony had wanted mason to have a childhood he never had gone to school have friends have good and bad grades, blushing at boys or girls it didn’t matter to him and rebel, enjoy her younger years but it seems she couldn’t even have that he wanted to protest and reject the idea but with the thought that it would hold her back and keep her from earning her goal’s he just couldn’t.
Watching as stark clasp his hands together and sighed “As you know i have been a businessman my whole life and then Ironman before i become and consultant of shield and a part-time Avenger and of recently as not many know i am retiring from the Avengers and from being Ironman,”.
Tony Stark aka Iron Man was retiring to raise his child the retiring wasn't much of a shock but to raise his child when did that happen
Reaching out with her little hands she touched his face she let out a contagious giggle a rush of colors, scenes, people, memories flash through his mind all to fast to grasp but it made him feel warm and safe, she let out a slew of giggles and clapped her tiny hands she was happy for some reason he didnt know but it was adorable.
Tony handed the phone to T'challa who looked it over it was just an Ordinary phone plane and simple untraceable no less, he would have gone for the stark phone but if ross did find barton and his family one way or another he couldn't be able to link tony to them.
He was grumpy, he could admit it but at his current state who wouldn't be and nobody could blame him either “My feet hurt, my back hurts, my head hurts, i feel bloated and I'm tired, ever since she started moving I've been so uncomfortable, i can't sleep because she won't stop when she starts playing soccer with my ribs, not to mention she is sitting on my bladder making me want to pee every 10 minutes at most, so yes Miss Potts I'm grumpy you would be to, ” Tony said as he reached back to rub his back he didnt want to go off on pepper she was only doing her job and looking out for him, God he just wanted to go home.
Steve’s face scrunched in concern and he worried his bottom lip. “I don’t know. But I don’t think we should open it.”
Natasha ignored him, leaning back against the doorframe and looking all too comfortable in Tony’s space. “I see you’re not at all hung up on the consultant bit.”
“This isn’t a hotel, Rhodey! I’ve spent too much of my life entertaining and gossiping. I have better things to do now. You know that.”
Tony didn’t want to think about that, either. “We should keep moving up this hill. Maybe we can find high ground and get our bearings.”
“The serum didn’t make him perfect. From what I understand, it intensified everything in him—he’s still human, maybe even more so than others.” Hill finished, leaving the room in silence once more.
The man gestured to the paths. “Players to the right, watchers to the left. The game begins at sunset tomorrow night.” He handed the tickets back to Tony. “But you must find your lodgings before daybreak.”
“How is this reckless, Rogers? You heard what that girl said. The prize is a wish. If we win, the Magician can get us home. I need to get home.”
“I don’t even know what the hell happened,” Rhodes complained. “And I still don’t know where my pants ended up.”
Right. Now wasn’t the time to contemplate Harry Potter. It was a good question. For a man born without any of this technology, Steve was quick. “I designed his server myself—there’s no place on Earth he can’t reach. Jarvis’ back-ups have back-ups.”
“Should we risk it? There’s no one down there.” Steve pointed out, squinting as though his more than perfect vision was feeding him false information. “Where is everyone?”
Tony continued with the update, pleased that Rhodey didn’t press the issue further. “Steve keeps trying to have team dinners ever since he discovered that Bruce was such a good cook, and Clint seems to have an unhealthy obsession with movies and video games, along with the color purple. Movie nights were his brilliant idea. I’ve gotten out of most of it all since I’ve been working in the shop and sleeping—”
A terrible sound shrieked through the air, obliterating Steve’s sentence. In an instant, Tony’s world was drenched in the brightest light he had ever seen. He felt weightless as a multitude of colors raced around him. The sharp, deafening noise hammered its way into all of his senses; everything crackled with howling electricity.
Slowly, as though it could spring to life at any moment, Steve went to undo the ribbon, but stopped short, his hand hovering in the air. “Am I seeing things or is my name gone?”
“Howard — I knew Howard.” Steve clarified. As if Tony had another father Steve could have been referring to.
The corner of Steve’s mouth quirked up, as if daring Tony to test out what other strengths the soldier had. A frightening desire within him wanted to take the dare.
Tony gave her his most vicious glare. She looked at him like a raptor determining whether to eat a helpless mouse.
He lagged behind Steve and ran through equations in his mind, warding off his hostile thoughts. It did no good to consider how much easier everything would have been if he had a suit. Instead, he was nothing. Useless.
Had he thought falling asleep outside was a brilliant idea? How had he gotten to the forest at all? How long had he been lying there?
Steve wiped his face with a towel and slung it around his neck. “Can I have your permission to shower first? Or did Fury give you orders about that too?”
They were shouting at him, screaming in his ear, but it wasn’t English. He tried to tell him that he didn’t understand, but it came out a blubbering mess of shivers and sputtering. It was already dark in the cave, but the water made it even harder to see.
Fury’s glare pinned them down, looking like a teacher chiding unruly school children. “Would you men like to join us?” He sounded like one too.
don’t realize what is out there, but I’ve seen it.” He pointed to the sky, his single eye scanning the room. “We
“What happened? Jesus, Tony. Are you okay?” Steve looked deathly pale, and Tony imagined he didn’t look much better. “God, I was so worried.”
“I don’t even think I was this confused when I had suddenly grown a foot and gained abs from a science experiment.” Steve breathed out.
Steve’s eyes told Tony that the soldier thought he was crazy. But who knew? Maybe he was. “How can that be possible, Tony?”
“You going to watch me undress, Capsicle? Because I don’t mind.” To prove his point, Tony slithered his belt off of him completely.
The beginning is heavily influenced by Stephanie Garber's Caravel, and if you enjoy it credit her not me. If you hate it, credit me, not her.
One angry hot shower and two steaming cups of coffee later, Tony found himself stepping into a dimly lit SHEILD meeting-room full of Avengers seated around a conference table. It was an unsettling sight: the walls were the color of whispered secrets and double agents and the edges of the glass table gleamed razor sharp.
“We can both change facing each other too,” Tony grinned, taking far too much satisfaction n the way the tips of Steve’s ears matched his pink cheeks.
Before Steve or Tony could get in another word the girl was off, darting towards an obscured path to the left of the cliff. “Maybe I’ll see you there!” Her voice rang from down below.
Natasha’s unexpected visit caught him off guard. Of course, everything about her was designed to be unexpected. “Who said you could let her in, J?” Tony asked.
Like I said, it is very complicated and very individualized, but writing about Tony's struggle to move on and evolve made me think of how relevant this all is.
The drab, colorless beige suit resembled a sack of potatoes, and Tony said as much, earning him a sharp look from Steve. “Guess I can’t be hurt I didn’t get a gift anymore.”
To be fair to Pepper, there probably was a smell, but Tony had learned to love it—the synthetic smell of motor oil and the metallic tang of copper wire mixed with the heat of blow torches and sourness of sweat.
He’d read the emails, of course. Contrary to what most people thought, Tony wasn’t completely irresponsible, he just had better priorities, which didn’t always line up with those of others.
hadread the email, you’d have seen that, as a consultant, my presence was not wanted,” he said, ignoring the sting of the words. After all this time he should be used to being unwanted, but he hadn’t mastered that level of numbness yet.
“I take pride in it, too.” Tony grinned wickedly and returned to his shop, wondering what Fury could want with the two of them, and hypothesizing all any way he could get out of it.
The shop was a spacious rectangle of sharp corners, sleek designs and dark reflective colors. Tony thought it was by far the best room of the tower, though Pepper had always seemed to dislike it. Whenever she had entered, her nose scrunched up like she’d caught a nauseating smell.
without a war.” Anger threatened Tony’s reason, pushing past his jokes and sarcasm. The arc reactor sat heavy in his chest, the same way he always got when people mentioned his past.
Tony’s eyes shot open as his whole body pounded with his panicked heartbeat. He was going to be sick.
Tony’s anger bubbled within him. “Do what you want to do, Rogers. I’m playing. I’m winning. And I’m going home.” His eyes narrowed. “With or without you.”
It wasn’t very hard to avoid people while making it look like you weren’t avoiding them when Jarvis was on your side, Tony thought to himself.
“Yeah, kind of.” Tony let out a bitter laugh. “Think of your laptop, tv, or whatever. It doesn’t have the shows downloaded onto it. You need to be connected to the signal to access the programs.”
“You know I do this kind of thing all the time—it’s not that special.” Tony really hadn’t done much. He was a mechanic: he designed, invented and created for a living and a hobby.
He rubbed at his chest, desperately trying to gain some warmth, his hand colliding with the smooth metal of the arc reactor. He latched on to it, his waterlogged eyes shooting open.
“Not really. And if you’d recall, he didn’t get it to work. His calculations were sub-par at best and he really should have used a different alloy for the coils.” Tony looked up when he heard a snort. Of course, Steve didn’t understand any of that, but it probably wouldn’t stop him from commenting.
Tony held his left hand steady against the wheel though it threatened to shake. At least when he was an ass, it was sarcastic and impersonal. Steve’s cruelty was vicious, his words so cool and carefully measured that they seemed to be facts rather than opinions.
Clint looked at him like he was offering up his first-born child: eyes wide and mouth parted. He spoke with grave sincerity: “Nat might kill me, but you’re officially my favorite on the team.”
The sharp sound of Tony’s mug hitting the counter finally with a bit too much force put a much-needed end to Steve’s rambling. “Not really a hard thing to do” Tony said, his jaw tight. He should have just gone to bed instead of coming up here. Blue eyes widened.
“I see it too,” Steve’s voice was quiet, probably trying to decide if the shop signs spoke truth or not. Tony was trying to determine the same, and the possibilities prickled at the back of his neck.
Tony walked around and tinkered on his various projects, not wanting to give her his full attention. “Little last minute, yeah?”
His suit had transformed into a dark, stormy grey, complete with edgy tapering and smoky shoes. Apparently, Steve’s suit changed to match his mood — but Tony was too angry to feel anything than minor fascination.
Steve flustered, “No! I only—Could you just wait a second? Maybe there’s someone in the back, or we could at least leave a note.”
Steve’s suit had transformed into a stunning sea of dark blue, like the color of confidence or intelligence. A stylish row of shimmering silver buttons ran down the front. Matching threads glistened throughout the suit, weaved through the blue in a elegant wave of pattern. Even the shoes had turned from a dull beige to matching blue suede.
If he let it loose would he finally be free and able to breathe? Or would it continue to terrorize him from the outside?
A muscle ticked in Steve’s jaw, betraying his anger. “That’s my friend you’re talking about.” His voice was low.
“I’m sure you can super-boy, but that would be a waste of gas. You don’t want the paparazzi to hear that Captain America doesn’t care about the environment, do you? Bruce may never speak to you again.”
They stared at it in disbelief for another minute, until Tony realized how much time they were wasting. “We’ve got to go if we’re going to make it in time, Rogers.”
The man ushered them inside the gate, closing the giant doors behind them. They had entered into a giant garden that spread out before them in a vegetative fantasy. Glowing bugs and plants sparkled against the dark sky and their light danced on the vibrant colors of exotic flowers.
“We’ve got to get dressed quickly, Rogers. The gates close at midnight—that’s only a few hours away, assuming time works the same way around here.”
“No sorry boss” Friday responded the feeling of irritation got worse as he worked it was under his skin worming up his nerves, it almost felt like Tony blood was boiling with a swing of his arm tony knocked down everything he had piled and stacked, even with all the shit Ross had done he would still be able to get away with it.
He hated the fact that they could see him like this tony didn't want anyone to see him anything other than strong.
“And you know if i didn't want to Kiss you so badly i would have punched you in the face” Tony hissed again.
“Dont worry about it Rhodes look I have still had a lot of work to do down here and you look tired why dont you go get some sleep okay” Tony mumbled fiddling with the tools and on his workbench Rhodey wanted to  say something to apologize again but Tony turned away from him and he could tell his presence wasn't exactly welcomed
“Yes I’m sorry sir I need to go some, the thing has happened and they need, ed me,” Rhodey said shaking his hand.
“You want to hold her,” the nurse asks stepping towards Rhodey holding out the baby, taking her in his arms Rhodey thought he would never let go this was his God, Daughter, she was so tiny and beautiful and also so vulnerable, he would protect her with his life if he had to, feeling pepper next to him as she looked down at the baby asleep in his arms.
“What the hell is that thing” Rhodey commented with disgust as blob-like body squirmed through the streets destroying everything in its path.
He had started noticing very strange things was happening to him well stranger than being pregnant,  yesterday he was talking to his bots Dum E and U which is normal he always does but this time he understood every single word they said, he could also reach any kind of tech and control them, controlling the suits has been better he still had Friday there to help him but now the bond goes deeper he could feel numbers, designs and codings at the back of his mind like it was a part of him, also now he could see as clear as day what was wrong with the vehicles he has and how to make them work better and drive faster.
He must be getting deaf because he didn't just hear that “I'm sorry what did you say.” Tony stared at the doctor with shock shown vividly on his face he could not believe it, there is in no way a possibility that he is pregnant he was a man, men don't get pregnant.
“You care about them after everything they did to stabbing you in the back leaving you to die and skrewing with your mind after all that you are willing to help them” Rhodey Roared with rage
Sitting up in bed “you don't think I know that, that every time I go to sleep for even a second I get nightmare's and anxiety attacks like I did not have enough of that, to begin with, I know I need to see a doctor I know but I can't I have been poked and prodded and experimented on enough, that even thinking about going to see a doctor gives me horrible panic attacks”.
“so you finally decided to meet with me instead of keeping me on hold,” Ross asked as he walked into the room shaking Tony's hand and taking a seat across from tony
“Why would you think that I’m mad at him sweetheart,” tony asked looking at his daughter's beautiful face.
“We need to go, they found the farm,” he said as he lifted laura onto the chopper before climbing into it himself
“Its going great so far boss the data and protocols is being added and transferred now it may still be a while before they can be activated ”
“Oh honey you know you don’t need to bath and feed a robot dog right,” Tony said he hoped she had already known that.
“Do you really think this is a good idea Tony I know you need to meet with T'challa about the new accords and the roque avengers but actually going to Wakanda” Rhodey asked he didn't like this idea at all knowing tony and the baby would be in the same continent much as the same room as the roque avengers made the hair at the back of his neck stand up“ I mean, think this through it's your second trimester this can't be good for the baby and let's not forget the fact is you're showing” Rhodey tried to placate Tony to rethink and hopefully change his mind.
As the end of the third month came tony almost gave up on being saved he knew vision should have been able to find him by now he was an android for god sake. Waking with a startle sitting up straight he wondered what woke him there was no noise as he was about to lay down again the alarm sounded intruders feeling the hope he shoved down to rise again he stood up trying to hear what's going on after a while Tony could hear gunshots and screaming lots of screaming he was halfway to the door when.
“No wait that can’t be all” Charles called out he hadn’t been able to ask many questions due to his shocking state and now he regretted it as his astral body was pulled out of Mason mind, his eyes snapped open looking at mason face almost unbelievably similar to Enigma without the cold cruel eye.
Regardless they didn't take no for an answer and he got waterboarded again. He knew they were coming for him it was just a matter of time patients wasn't his best quality but he could bear with the beatings and the waterboarding until then.
Shrugging mason continued to play with Rex Tony was a little worried about the new development wondering if it stresses her too much something would happen again like before the earthquake from before had shaken the world badly place been destroyed floods had happened rock slides and over a period of time there had been smaller quakes all over the world, and with the fact that she was stronger than she was, he didn’t want to know how bad it would be now “how would you feel if we went to visit uncle Charles after school” Tony asked smiling as mason jumped up hugging him fiercely.
It didn’t take a genius to know what mason meant and it gave Charles even more reason for him to do what he needed to do “okay sweetheart I need to ask you something and if you don’t want to answer and if the answer is no then ill completely understand” Charles said hesitated he didn’t want to scare mason.
Frowning at that statement he didn’t quite understand what he meant “I don’t understand” tony asked confusedly.
There were so many reasons he needed to protect his baby girl, he hated that she would be growing up with his enemies looming over her he needed to be sure she was protected, building a suit within J.J frame was a challenging move but it was a success when she was in danger she or tony could activate the protector protocol  and the suit will ensemble and take her to safety
Tony watched as the last of the monsters was taken care of by the rest of the avenger and Roque Avengers an aching feeling filled his chest as he watched them work as a team again he wished everything could go back to the way it normally was but it wasn't possible and he wouldn't give up his baby girl for anything or anyone, as easy as it was back then it wasn't a good thing they were blind they believed the people trusted them and they were doing what was right the right way until 117 country's told them it was wrong, the trust they thought they had was gone.
“alright start recording,” Tony said rubbing his hands together, he didn't know exactly what to say but he just needed to explain.
Tony couldn't even imagine how the guy must have felt losing the person he loved he knows what debroski did or still does is wrong in so many ways but he couldn't fathom the pain he went through even the thought of losing pepper or Rhodey gave him a knot in his stomach hell he almost did lose them with the mandarin and Rhodey's fall he sure as hell don't want to go through that again.
“No boss the only thing i can find was the sanctioned and not authorized missions that he was deployed on but the government and council already knew about them and other than the here and their things seems quite simple” Friday spoke voice hinting irritation he was feeling right now, he wasn't surprised the government knew about Ross's seedy business and decided to turn a blind eye but that doesn't mean tony wasn't going to use it to his advantage, blackmail seems like the wisest decision tony could come up with for when it is needed“ however boss there seem to be a large sums of money being extracted from is accounts”.
Looking down at his baby he couldn't help smile “You could help but be more like your daddy nu could you” Tony laughed shaking his head “Happy Birthday Steve”.
It was a nice warm and sunny day so Charles wanted to wait outside for his guest to arrive a few of his students and personal friends had decided to join him when they had found out who was coming.
So i couldn't find a mutant that had the powers i wanted so i made one ill be adding to the tags soon and Btw
“I.i wouldn't know what ill do, yes Rogers Deserves to know but it doesn't mean he should know and even if he did there is nothing he could do about it, he is a wanted criminal in 117 country's Tony do you really want that in your daughter's life” Rhodey ranted on not even hearing tony say his name, he hated that Rhodey had a point not because he thought Rogers would be a bad influence but because there was nothing he would be able to do even if he had wanted to(which tony have doubts about) but none the less.
He knew the feeling, the wondering if he did enough if he did the right thing with pepper if he needed to say or do more but even in the end it didn't work out“There isn't always an explanation for it buddy even if it did the right thing, it is what it is, you just need to ride out the waves till it smoothens out but just so you know your not alone ill be there for you okay” Tony said patting visions hand standing to walk to his lab leaving vision in peace.
“Masons mind is very sharp of the course of two years that mason has been with us we noticed she had been finishing her work and homework in record time she’s even tutoring students in the school helping them get better grades and not student in her same grade but those who are higher then she is the other day she helps an Eighth-grader get A+ in his mathematics and history, she doesn’t read a book like the rest does she just goes through it memorizing every word before she wrote it down with the exact right answer she even corrected a teacher when he got his answer wrong” Principle Davis explained Tony shouldn’t really be surprised genius was a family trait it ran in the family’
“I know baby that’s why your daddy tried to save and protect him,” Tony said looking up at the ceiling cradling mason close “but he went the wrong way about it and it got people hurt”
No matter how far he got from Ross the bad feeling he had still don't go away so he kept going until he was at stark tower he needed to talk to Rhodey about going with him to Xavier mansion he felt safe when someone was with him.
He hoped not to be honest he really didn't want to find out knowing that he is either one of hydra lackeys or worse the madman debroski's kid gave him a bad taste in his mouth.
His limbs prickled painfully with the warmth, but he was still frozen to the bone. Steve had been right: he needed to get out of his clothes.
Steve shook his head, but he didn’t disagree—neither of them knew what they were dealing with. The soldier stepped closer, squinting at the package. A vein in his neck popped outward and his face paled.
“This isn’t Earth.” Tony repeated, as if that would suddenly enlighten Steve and he wouldn’t have to explain the worst discovery in recent history.  And he’d had some pretty crappy realizations over the years, too.
With another groan, Steve stretched beside him. His large hand landed on Tony’s lower back, warm and firm, and far more tempting than it should have been.
“Seriously though. I’m glad you answered; it’s been too long.” Rhodey’s voice was laden with nostalgia, it really had been too long since they had been able to talk, and it was taking more of a toll on Tony than he’d realized.
Small buildings, looking like shops more than homes, formed a path leading up to a towering gate. The shops began just below the cliff he and Steve were standing on and seemed to beckon them onward.
Tony broke away from Steve and tried to discern the path to the car, refusing to answer the question. He was so tired of being this man’s villain.
Steve called out to the empty room, hearing nothing but his soft echo in response. The small, long table at the front was abandoned, the shop as quiet as the entire town.
No. Tony shuddered and shoved the thought away. Steve would never—there was no way. They must have gone to the forest beyond the field together. But why? What the hell had happened?
“The whole thing rides on them,” Coulson added. “Think about it: without Tony, there’s no innovation, funding, and audacity. We’ve all seen what he did in Afghanistan, building that suit with nothing.” He paused, “but he fights only for himself. ”
The guard’s eyes went wide: “You two are the guests I’ve been hearing about, then? I recognize the names!”
“I’ll wait for you in the common room. But shower first,” Natasha turned to slip away up the stairs, feeling kind enough to leave him with another order. She scrunched her nose. “This whole place reeks.”
Everyone in the room blinked. Steve’s brows knit together as if trying to solve an impossible equation. It didn’t compute that Tony could do something kind like this. Why would it?
“Yeah, but what’s there to tell?” Tony said lazily, ignoring Rhodey’s snort at the question. “I haven’t seen them much, in between work and sleep.”
He turned away from his reflection, pulled on the socks and shoes, and was taken aback by the sight of Steve when he returned to the front of the store.
