“So we’ve found Rachel,” Lestrade mentioned, his eyes roaming the flat.
“Mrs. Hudson! Stop pestering John!” Sherlock yelled from inside the bay, before making an entrance. He smiled shyly. “Hi John.” John waved at him.
Sherlock’s phone rang. “Hello-no, well. Really Lestrade, are you so dull? There’s just been a fire at my flat- no, of course, I’m fine, was the ladder green? Right, okay. I’ll be right there.”
“—Sorry-”
“Oh, erm,” John blushed. “…Sorry.”
“Stunning.”
John climbed the stairs of 221B cautiously, an illicit gun stowed in the waistband of his jeans. Sherlock had warned of danger, whether the danger was immediate or not, John was about to find out.
John smiled charmingly, and Sherlock’s stoic face wavered. “Alright, but we still don’t really know each other. If we’re going to be living together for eight months, I think we should at least have dinner.”
“Brilliant,” John breathed.
John shrugged. “Well, I dunno. You didn’t mention one, and you’re looking for a flatshare. Your… brother, well he didn’t say in so many words, but I got the general feeling that you don’t get along with many people. Anderson and Donovan and Lestrade pretty much thought the same as well…”
“So how’d you figure out I was in Afghanistan?”
quiet inner voice. Or thoughts. Or whatever. It was like he was whispering. John really had to strain his… well, he guessed it was useless to strain his ears because he didn’t think he was
“You don’t seem very frightening.”
“Yeah?”
“John, they’ll be here soon. There were shooters on the ground so the helicopter is damaged and may not make the landing.”
Sherlock got a faraway look on his face.
their nightmares. There was no escape. Working in the medical area helped though, since he could focus his thoughts and most of his patients were so high on medication he couldn’t hear their minds screaming.
They got to the front of 221B on an adrenaline high, laughing to each other.
They parted, but only because they needed to breathe. “If giggling was bad while our flats burned down, surely snogging at a crime scene is worse?” Sherlock said between pants.
John held up a finger. “Wait, hold on, I may be a mind reader but I’m not getting everything here. Where’d the case come from?”
“I hate to distract you, John, but I
“Well, it was only-”
have a vampire Gift. Your brother isn’t part vampire, and I can
“Absolutely fantastic. You’re a proper genius!”
“Well. I’ve got to prepare these samples.” He cleared his throat and looked back at the box of plant matter.
After that mission, John spent a lot of his time thinking. Was it really worth being out here, shooting innocent people? Sure, he wasn’t the one shooting them, but in the end, wasn’t it on him? He knew his tour was ending in a couple weeks, and he’d probably be in the med bay for the remainder of his time here. God, he couldn’t
They got out of the car, John paying the cabbie (Sherlock, the arrogant prat, had stridden out and was waiting expectantly by the police tape for John to hurry up). Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John’s cane but held up the police tape for him.
“Oh, you must be John, dear, Sherlock’s told me all about you.” She said in the kindest, most grandmotherly voice.
John looked down and put his hands in his pockets. “What? Who’d want an irritable ex-Terran Corps medic,” he paused with a small smile, “with no sense of smell and light sensitivity for an employee?”
I’m the priority here. If you plan on continuing your association with Sherlock, and I’m quite certain you are, I’d be happy to pay a meaningful sum of money for some… information.”
Bring your phaser. -SH
“Yes, it must be. To see someone’s brain actually work.”
“Sneak in through the service elevator to grab some clothes from your flat,” Sherlock suggested, after the laughter died down (the elderly ladies glaring at them did nothing to help their seriousness). “They should have those turned back on by now.” He nodded then went back to typing on his phone. He paused for a moment and looked down at himself. “On second thought, I think I’ll join you,” he smiled softly at John. “I seem to be… less than presentable at the moment as well.”
What felt like minutes later, but was in all likelihood over an hour, Mike and John were at the other end of the hospital district, coffee in hand.
“What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
“And what do most people say?”
Sally fumed and stomped off. “She seemed nice,” John remarked casually.
“Indeed.”
“Yeah, that was phenomenal!”
“Crime scene,” Sherlock said with relish, a manic grin on his face. “You’ve been in the war…” he said suddenly, eyeing John over.
Sherlock pouted.
God, but John missed Afghanistan. It was so
John gave out a short laugh, then instantly regretted it when he felt the skin on his shoulder protesting. He winced slightly. “Mind if I take a shower?” he felt rubbish. He knew, of course, that all blood had been cleaned, but he just felt the grime of lying still for so long all over him. Uncomfortable was an understatement. He also hoped the water would cleanse his mind, and maybe the solitude would help him figure out his mental thing.
June 3720--London, Sol 3
Oh God. There were two identical buildings. He could hear at the periphery of his mind a faint susurration that was Sherlock’s mind, but he couldn’t tell from which building it came.
“You mean a flat-share? With you? Are you crazy?” John’s eyes were nearly bugging out.
A waiter came by with John’s meal and John tried his best to ignore Sherlock’s endless tirade. “Sherlock, silly question, but you sleep every night, right?” It’d be awful to go to bed to such racket.
“Not really encouraging, I have to say.” John looked back at the building. The fire was probably out by now, but there was still a bit of smoke coming out of one of the windows.
“So that was a no to the money?”
The detective smirked.
“How did you even..?” John trailed off. “I don’t even know anything about you.”
“Does he, now? And how would you know?” Mycroft tried hearing John’s thoughts, though it was a rather weak attempt.
They met up in the lobby a dozen minutes later. John had casually put his gun in the back of his jeans, his bomber jacket covering the bulge adequately. Not that he thought he’d be in danger, but he always felt safer with it closer to him.
In the kitchen, with a hand over the handle of the fridge, John was getting mentally prepared to open the appliance and find a head staring at him, when he heard a noise from the sofa area.
The next morning John Watson woke up and stood up immediately. He took a shower, dressed up with a white shirt for the first time in weeks and obliged himself to smile at the mirror. He tried several times until the grin wouldn't make a little kid to go away screaming and having nightmares and tilted up his chin. His expression on the mirror suddenly reminded him to Sherlock and it just deepened. Yes. He had spent way so much time with that madman and he certainly hoped that it was more than the mere grin that had rubbed off on him.
” finally calmed her down enough to stop struggling and support herself on her feet. She was panting and trembling like a leaf.
“Oh! I could spill it on the floor!” Mrs Hudson said with obvious glee; Rosie clapped and Sherlock snickered. He secretly enjoyed to see her so joyfully cooperating with their cases.
He walked away rapidly, grin still on his features; the expectative of having two cases cooking in the oven promised a lot of brain work.
"Sorry, what?"
“What is the first one?”
Well, that pretty much confirmed his theory. It wasn’t a big deal for John, then. Normal-John was good, better. He could work with that.
“Can you please stop saying that word?”
"Sherlock..." John's free hand moved to touch his erection. It was hurting already.
"Well, that was before, last year... I was just beginning to understand you, Sherlock. I wanted to know what you knew..." John smiled, "You know... I even made a list of the fields you have knowledge in."
Sherlock frowned. He never thought Mycroft would remember that; great minds playing the game of deduction of one another, hiding and showing. He liked the challenge.
There was still something odd about Moriarty's reasoning as well, why did he want to destroy the only distraction he claimed he had? Was it because Sherlock had ruined several plans before? He closed his eyes and entered his mind palace to a new room he created there, it was a kind of spider web, a mental map joined by several threads, cases from years, new cases, the Hot Line case, the last one being the painting, that he had somehow managed to link. Moriarty was the common between all of those.
He sat next to Sherlock on the bed, eyed the ceiling and gave a sigh, his parted lips smiling in disbelief at the current situation.
“The croutons? Rosie likes them in the broth, so I fried enough fo-”
"So... all of that... little show you put up there, was just for him to look." It wasn't a question, it was a statement. Of course Sherlock was the better actor he had ever known, he was surprised. Not because of Sherlock, but because he could still be surprised. "You just wanted to win him over to get... data."
The thing was, he wasn’t used to watch porn.
Without much thought, Sherlock moved his own hand and positioned it over John's. John felt his heart swell at the gesture and stayed quiet, looking at Sherlock's hand over his own. His hands were large and strong and… ice cold.
“I spoke to Mycroft, you know he has that full-time nanny working for us.”
[Lips and brows]
“John.”
"Well, he hit his head on a desk, I didn't think it was serious until now." Lestrade informed him, putting his hands on his hips and eyeing around the place. They couldn't hear more gunshots, but Lestrade knew they were going to be chased. "We need to get out of here quickly, before they come for us."
"John? God, are you o-"
"Is that even possible?" John questioned, talking in the same whispering tone.
"We're flatmates." Sherlock let out between his teeth.
"Labelled..." John repeated. That made sense.
touching Sherlock. The word
"Brilliant... man... you really are... brilliant..." Armand sat again with a thud in the chair, his hand going to take the hair out of his forehead in a typical gesture.
"Everything I can answer, I will with the truth."
He moved down, as soon as he did that John shivered, a light tremor that ran from his legs all the way to his torso, finishing at John tilting his head further back sinking in the pillow, it concluded with a heavy exhalation of air through John's mouth and Sherlock nearly thought John would wake up. He waited expectantly, not moving a muscle as John tilted his head a bit again.
interested, in Sherlock. Déjà vu again. If Sherlock started to call him
There was a faint smell downstairs. John opened wide eyes at the smell of something burning –
Silence. John eyed to the side and after a loud sigh, he answered truthfully.
Sherlock knew he must look completely tense. He visibly relaxed and rolled his shoulders.
As scenes were recreated in his mind, John's torso slowly moved forward until his stomach was almost over his thighs, the cup of tea in his hands long forgotten, he rested his elbows over his knees and left the cup over the coffee table in front.
"I didn't say anything odd..." Sherlock started but was stopped by John's hand in the air.
“Alright. Four clicks and in all of them you’re facing down…”
“Is John...?” she started, taking the mug and waving in the general vicinity of Sherlock’s room.
"Yes I did, but what does it have to do with the hound's case?"
"Sherlock, this is big." John muttered rubbing his temples.
John snorted lightly at the comment. "I won't see you for two days straight... feels a bit odd."
“Ask for tea, too. You won’t be denied tea anywhere in London. Make sure you don’t contaminate it with sugar or milk.” Sherlock took a small syringe without the needle from his pocket and put it on Mrs Hudson’s lap. “Take a sample of tea with this but
"Oh, so you saved her only so he would join the net."
"I think either of us could tell how Sherlock feels." John exhaled, "I think we discussed this already with Irene Adler's case." The doctor's expression was a serious one now, time for playing innocent was over.
And Donovan, irritable all day long behind them, glaring to the DI every two minutes and to the little joke John had managed to try to lighting up the ambiance
sent at 04:09.
"But first..." Sherlock supported himself on John's shoulder and muttered "Forget it, Sherlock. No spaces." Giving himself impulse, he walked to the desk and this time he supported both of his palms there, his chin going down almost to his chest as he stared at both laptops below him. "Which one did Mycroft touch?"
"You don't know me, Armand. How can you possibly talk about feelings when you-"
And last night, talking about humanising, he slept thinking about John's hands. He recalled the calloused and rough sensation, John's hands seemed always warmer than his body. And also the feeling of gentle, warm and strong hands. Doctor's hands. Caring hands, loving hands... and teaser-like-hell hands. In his mind, the events of last night repeated over and over; the ghosting of the fingertips over his nape and shoulders. The fingers moving along his neck, then to his chin... the brushing of a thumb along his lower lip.
Click. A pause.
"We're going out to eat anyway."
"It's impossible you can remember the painting if you were there only once..." Donovan's voice made John turn his head at her immediately, his hand became a fist between his chest and his arm, "unless you were there more than once..."
"You should be, I'm not safe and you know it..."
Sherlock moved closer to the doctor, shifting his position in an attempt to make himself comfortable. "Exactly." He smirked and locked their gazes.
"Sherlock… what is wrong with you?" this time the doctor stopped to look properly at Sherlock, who sighed and kept on walking, taking the sleeve of John's jacket, making him move.
She worried when seeing Lestrade and John walking upstairs with a very lost Sherlock... for the second time.
John took a few seconds to answer. “It’s like I’m living in anger, yeah. I want to come clean with you. Can I come clean with you? I’m not angry at you.” He lifted his face to look into Sherlock’s eyes where he saw concern and curiosity, but not a trace of pity and that was exactly what he needed. “I’m angry at myself, I usually am. I hit you, years ago and I was never able to say how sorry I was. And the letter. I failed you so many times. I failed Mary, and I almost failed Rosie. I hate to admit how much of an arse I’ve been. And you…”
"Sherlock... really, if we don't stop
I’ve always had this crazy idea that Sherlock masturbated to erotic gay literature. I don’t know. He does know Shakespeare by heart, so I’ve assumed he’s learned some favourite parts of various books. God knows I’ve learned my favourite excerpts by heart, too.
"Ugh. Please." Sherlock rolled his eyes at the sarcastic tone of the DI.
“You don’t have to talk about it if you -”
Abby lifted one eyebrow as John cleared his throat, picked up the basket with the oils and gave the thumbs up to Abby for appearance's sake before he said, loud and vowels long:
"Remember, John. He told us he'd been attacked. I was just making sure they weren't waiting for company."
know that?" John lifted his face to him and glared, feeling naked under the scrutiny.
Sherlock released a breath of air he had restrained in his lungs, coming out far too shaky for his liking."You did very well, John". His tone wasn't angry or surprised. He was just stating it as a matter of fact.
"More than alright, actually."
Even thought he was sure of his now oh-so-known sensation inside his body, the things his mind had come up with were a bit frightening. He knew about sex. He and John had gotten off together, and he tried to avoid his mind going to different scenarios. The chemical process in his body had been proved to be strong enough to bring him out of his mind palace. And - here is what he was frightened about – he didn't... mind.
Yes, Mycroft knew something else.
"You never do that... keep on thinking about a solved case. You only have to declare tomorrow at court and come back..."
troubled.
Armand closed his eyes and exhaled.
He smiled for himself.
John was nervous. He knew it was all a natural and a normal process of the body repealing the drug, but despite of all of his medical training, he wasn't mentally prepared to see his – usually composed – friend like this.
**..**
"Sherlock... we seriously need to stop." John said, Sherlock frowned a bit, but he noted a smile behind the words so he didn't say anything, "how can it be possible that, you and me, at our age, can't even kiss properly! We always end up..."
That almost sent a shiver down to Sherlock’s spine when a quick image of John licking the oil off his arms crossed his mind. His penis jumped at the thought but it was quickly replaced with an image of a faceless woman and John licking oil off her body, her stomach, her breasts. He cleared his throat. John didn’t seem to notice.
"I've heard about him... I didn't associate..."
"She got into a fight with Mr. Chatterjee, maybe he finally told her he has a wife." Sherlock said.
John’s internal voice urged him to leave Sherlock alone, to go and wait for him with the Constable guarding the front door. He even knew the bloke - Miller was his middle name - they could even spend the time chatting. But he walked a few steps closer instead, approaching the bathroom. The adrenaline felt like an invitation, like all those years ago.
"I can only imagine how it must hurt, Sherlock... I can apply some cream over, if you want." John said.
"Hang on..." John closed his eyes and frowned, there was still a smile on his face though, "you sucked me?"
"I said: could you please find me a book. Since you took so long I just had to come here and search for it." He eyed the mess he had over John's bed. "I am going to put everything back in place, don't worry." He said with a little smile, he looked at John quickly and his gaze came back to the book in his hands.
It's unbelievable how small details says so much about someone's personality. I actually like Lestrade a lot. In the book too, he's a gentleman, but his backgrounds, knowledge and education are limited. But he has this... thing... He always wants to be the best in everything, but he also recognizes Sherlock Holmes as a superior. I kind of like that. He has a good sense of humour too, which is also reflected in BBC version. And the actor, Mr. Graves, is perfect. "Meretricious" "And a happy new year!" (Oh, how I laughed with that.)
After breakfast, John was sitting in the chair in front of Sherlock, trying to figure out the last two codes. For some reason, John sensed that they were the key to solve the case but how? He was browsing for the owners of the facilities of the hot lines, there were three of them.
"If he can't hear me it’s not my problem." Sherlock took another sample from his side and placed it carefully under the microscope for his scrutiny.
Sherlock's back was not longer against the door and his stance was quieter as he observed down to John's fist on his shirt. There was a noise in the kitchen now, the noise of the kettle gave them a few more minutes in this cocoon inside the bathroom - again. So he dared. He dared put his own hands over John’s on his chest, applying pressure so John could feel his heart beating and do whatever he wanted with that information.
In the street, the sun was luminous but not warm. The wind was chilly but not strong. He rode a cab home, but he couldn't let his mind rest; his eyes scanned all the time for anything that raised suspicion about being followed. Last night's matter was now deep buried, new thoughts taking place quickly. His mind tried to connect the dots fast.
“And…?” John asked, breathless.
"What I'm... feeling, you want me to tell you."
“Keep telling yourself that, young lad.” She stood and patted Sherlock on his forearm, taking the tray with her. There were a few biscuits left on it and Sherlock grabbed them quickly and put them on the table. “For Rosie,” he said. She laughed all the way to her flat.
sent at 13:54.
He entered the small room he had temporarily made up for this case; there was John, a white coat over his clothes, massaging yesterday’s William Scott in slow motion as the mental Sherlock moved freely around the scene:
John was taken aback but took the hint on the second and kept going with the conversation; he was telling him about the boy in Afghanistan.
"He didn't say anything about a hot line?"
“That’s only when
**..**
. Like one of those Lego pieces you fit together perfectly and firmly.
me which made this touch different from any touch either of us had ever known. And he
Received at 5:12
**..**
"You said once, that you cannot let your heart control your mind. You're stupid, Sherlock; that's exactly what you've done, what you're doing. This thing... with Johnny boy, you know what I mean."
“It’s fine. He was there.”
Sherlock snorted. “I’d prefer my masseur clean-shaven, anyway.”
"What!" John yelled.
“I asked the cleaner not to touch this room as you asked, Mr Holmes. Elsie rarely comes in here so you can be sure you’re going to be able to see everything you want to see from that window.” She nodded to it and then to John she added, “Bathroom is over there. Just be careful not to close the door and not to turn on the light. The trigger on the security cameras is sensitive and if there’s any noise they send a message to mine and Elsie’s phone.” She took the phone from her pocket and waved the screen. “If you want to check your phone, you have to go to the bathroom there but do not allow the light to face this direction,” She made a gesture with her hands to the camera behind her. John and Sherlock nodded at the same time in understanding.
"Amazing..." John swallowed and withdrew his hand from the other's hair and placed them on the other's upper arms with a faint pressure. "Sherlock..."
He didn't stop stroking, he knew Sherlock was close, especially when Sherlock's hand moved over his demanding more speed and pressure, his hips rocking into their hands, making his arse bump lightly against John's lower belly, managing a wet sound caused by the water falling over them.
Abby’s breathing was close to hyperventilation at this point, John’s doctorly instinct kicking right in but limiting himself to get closer to Abby. Her mouth worked trying to speak and then started to shiver so hard John thought for a second she was going to have a seizure.
"Sherlock." John lifted his gaze to the detective above and smiled at the odd position Sherlock's torso was contorted. The doctor was surprised, horrified, excited, and even a little angry. Adrenaline ran through his veins at the proximity. "Hell, if you're fucking teasing me again, I swear I'm gonna..."
Almost immediately after, Sherlock came too and, at the sensation, his finger entered a bit and John's jaw clenched as he let out a long and low moan by both; the feeling of watching Sherlock come – and oh God he was gorgeous. His deep indecent growl, his neck thrown back, his fist grabbing the sheet, his hips jerking still shortly and erratically, his jaw clenched but his lips parted and all of the muscles of his body tensing at the unison – and the feeling of that invasive finger entering rapidly and going completely away almost immediately.
The actual voice of the man in front of him brought him back from his thoughts. He noticed how his face had changed his usual cold mask to a worried expression; he returned his features to his usual semi frown slowly. Phillip wore a little smile, his eyes scrutinizing his face, his phone still over his ear and his elbow up in the air, body language said he was in a hurry; he wanted to hang up soon. The older Holmes frowned and returned the little smile.
"Oh, I definitely want to be called John, then." Sherlock opened wide eyes. "They live together, can you imagine?"
"You knocked yourself out on a desk, remember?" Lestrade asked out loud with a grin.
Leaning forward, he really considered waking John up, but there was something he wanted to try he had read in the psychology book; being in a slumber, responses are not filtered by the brain since the body just feels and acts accordingly to a stimulation, raw feelings. John was responsive even in his sleep, he noticed by the shivers. He wanted to make John
"I love you." John's statement was followed by Sherlock's expression; it was dead serious, a bit confused, even. He kissed John again, the doctor's hands roamed around Sherlock's back, buttocks, neck, everything he could reach. Sherlock positioned himself between John's legs, John opened them, welcoming the detective between them.
"John, phone Lestrade..." he said, his eyes looking for his phone. "Tell him a new boat will be arriving tomorrow." He handed the paper to John. "And give him this list. Tell him to search for those vehicles. Tonight."
After a couple of seconds of realisation, he moved his head slowly searching for the source of the sound; his phone was inside John jean's pocket. Carefully, he passed his right hand over the doctor's stomach and reached for his left pocket. In the screen there was a private number. Blinking at the device's bright light, he answered, his voice an octave lower than usual.
“Condoms,” Sherlock interrupted, amused. “I see. Makes sense, it’s not legal to have this kind of recreational business. Sex-spa, then?”
“I’m not, you berk!” John couldn’t help but give a little laugh and a headshake, “I understand close to nothing of what’s going on. What happened to… Toby? And what is that about the cameras?”
Sherlock opened his eyes and shivered again. He sat up slowly, feeling his body incredibly heavy.
"Why?" the voice repeated, a high pitch tone, almost hurting his ears "Why!"
It all happened very fast; Sherlock was in the backseat of the pickup, Lestrade started to drive and John had both laptops on his lap, looking intently at the road and turning his head from time to time to look at Sherlock, who was sitting at the back looking everywhere but nowhere at the same time. His eyes seemed lost.
felt like child’s play compared to this; this was thrill, confusion, apprehension. He noticed how Sherlock was trying to be as quiet as he could, breathing through his nose and a clenched jaw, even though the mirror above the sink gave his expression away.
"I'm very aware of what we did, John."
Alarmed by the unusual growl, John popped his head from the kitchen, phone still in hand.
"Oh... Yeah." They both burst into laughter again. "This is awful..." John gasped, "...sad thing is, we haven't been drinking that much at all."
'' He took another sip of his tea and peeked at the images in Sherlock's hands.
doesn’t. Her girlfriend Elsie, on the other side... she had told her before about her supposedly obscure past, and she wants to honour her wed-”
"I put you in danger. They saw you with me, now they know you."
"No... look, Sherlock, this is a big one. I've been called by the director of the museum, they are going to give the news about the Turner's tomorrow. They want you guys there." Lestrade placed his hands on his hips and shook his head. He knew Sherlock was going to say no, hence his troubled face.
"Yeah." His voice broke a little again.
"Ah?" John breathed out, he saw Sherlock's face coming closer, their noses touched.
"Having fun?" Sherlock purred, not moving from his position on the couch, his head was still thrown back over the armrest and his palms glued together still resting under his chin.
"What else did you do?"
And today, he had followed John to his grave. John had gone with Mrs. Hudson and there was the moment, the moment in which he had heard John say things to his grave, things about believing in him. The last words from John's lips were strong, a strong belief between the two of them and Sherlock felt his strengths restored.
John thought, he grinned for himself as he rubbed his temples.
"I need any information you can get from that man. I need him alive... and in prison." Sherlock arranged his scarf back around his neck.
Just then, John’s phone went off.
John looked away from Sherlock. “Um, yeah, okay, go for it.”
Lestrade grimaced. “She’s the stillborn child Jennifer Wilson had, fourteen years ago.”
So yeah, here he was, in St. Bart’s medical office, with his frankly stunning resume and no job prospects. The whole loss of memory and lack of concentration, along with the weirder symptoms like the loss of smell and sound sensitivity really blocked him off from, well, working with people. And people were kind of critical to the whole doctor schtick.
the desert. The stars, shining so brightly at night you could almost see by them. The desert sand contrasting with the bright blue sky. It was so beautiful here, and it broke his heart to see it torn apart by land mines and families broken by violence.
With a nod, he chased after his flatmate, pausing when he heard Sergeant Donovan thinking at him. He stopped and turned around to look at her.
“Oh?”
Just then, the outer doors burst through with soldiers carrying in the patients. As if a switch had been turned on, the medical area became frenzied. There were soldiers dashing to and fro, fetching medical kits, getting patients on beds, quickly cleaning wounds and diagnosing injuries. John’s patient was conscious and screaming. John strapped on the safety ties, effectively immobilizing the soldier. Except he hadn’t immobilized the head and torso yet and the soldier rose up and bit a large chunk of flesh from John’s shoulder.
John Watson had been given the chance of a lifetime: fighting for the Terran Corps against the Klons from Jethrin, who had begun invading neutral territory in the Persephone and Ophreides regions. The Klons were definitely a fearsome foe, if not in person. The plant people didn’t really… move. It was mostly their subservient species that moved and operated ships for them, but for plants they were rather invasive.
“Ah, Mike, I called for you earlier, where’s the pen?” A man said, sitting at the lab table in front of a metal box. His skin was deathly pale, and he was oddly skinny. He looked half like a corpse, half like someone had just decided to carve out the important fleshy bits of him with a spoon. He was almost grotesquely beautiful, the way that an organized display of the innards of a body could be. “Ah, I see you’ve brought me an assistant.”
“Is that a real skull?” Anderson said in a disgusted tone, picking the skull up with gloved fingers. “That’s awful.”
John shrugged. “I don’t have one. I met him…” John thought for a moment. Had it only been a day that Sherlock had come into his life? Seemed like forever. “Yesterday.”
“Go on and start packing. Remember, Baker Street docking bay, two days.”
The man chuckled. “Ah yes, the bravery of a soldier. Bravery is a kinder word for stupidity, don’t you think?” the man paused and narrowed his eyes. “What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
And the shoe drops. Of course this bastard would want to know about his crazy flatmate. This was so beyond normal it almost made sense.
John nodded and handed him a contact chip, brushing their hands together. “Here, message me if you need me.” Sherlock took the chip and nodded brusquely, looking down.
O00oo0o0o0o0
John left the crime scene to leave his gun in 221B then came back. He found Sherlock sitting in the back of an ambulance with a shock blanket around his shoulders, talking to Lestrade. Sherlock was perched on the edge, almost in a crouch, in a frankly uncomfortable looking position. Then again, he’d been perching like that when John had first met him at Bart’s…. yesterday?
"Why, the name, why did you want me to call you Sherlock?" Sherlock smiled and thought about a quick lie.
Sent at 5:24
, as you call it." Sherlock added with a chuckle of his own and turned around to keep on walking to the exit of the alley.
"Now I'm serious Sherlock..." he said, Sherlock didn't have to look at him to know he was smiling, "I
With a deliberately slow movement, Sherlock moved his face closer to John's. He kissed his cheek softly and John sighed at that. With a little satisfied smile, Sherlock travelled his lips over John's shoulders and circled his tongue there, then over his collarbones.
"Fantasies?" John's brows were high in his forehead.
“Oh,” John breathed. “Blackmail?”
But this time Mycroft was not going to ask anymore. He needed to think. He needed to talk to John about this, perhaps telling him... no. He thought against that almost immediately. The doctor would want to protect his brother even if there was information to be hidden. Mycroft smiled again. It was like that, wasn't it? John was protecting Sherlock's feelings, but why? He had done that with Miss Adler's supposed death as well, even when Mycroft knew Irene was alive. He had tested John that time and John had proved to do what he never thought of: he lied to Sherlock in order to protect him. Was John really up to live with a lie over his corrects, moral shoulders all for Sherlock's feelings sake?
"You changed your aftershave." He said, letting his hot breath fall there.
normal behaviour for a spa. Look, this is the largest towel in here and it’s supposed to cover your whole… bits, and here, listen to this. Every bottle you see here is clearly labelled as
Sherlock kissed John deliberately slow; he could feel John breathing hard through his nose. John’s hands grabbing the shirt at his back. Sherlock had to steady himself so, never breaking the kiss, he placed one of his palms on the backrest of the sofa, right behind John's head.
But he knew better that this time he was right as well, alone, solitude this time was going to protect them both, solitude was going to protect his life. John's life.
He was now very aware of the sensations the younger man was awakening in his body and mind, and with such simple acts; his cold fingers intertwining with his owns, or at the alley, the way their bodies touched... the way Sherlock's body reacted to his closeness. He had felt, very well, the aroused state of the detective pressed against his hip. He had felt the heat of Sherlock's lips over his palm, the hot breath over his neck, the warmth of his body and arms around him as they had hugged this morning. He could almost feel the desperate way Sherlock had wrapped his arms around him last night...
“So much for being straight.” Sherlock chuckled, and John was about to respond, but had to swallow his words as Sherlock attacked his penis with his mouth. It was sensation like nothing John had ever felt before.
“Do you want to go for some drinks somewhere?” Sherlock asked mildly.
“I love you, Sherlock. Whereever we are, I love you.”
“Are you… I mean… “
“Me neither. Shall we watch a movie or something?”
“Oh. Ehrm. Yeah. Religion is a stimulus for people with absolutely no cognitive and rational qualities, and in that precise moment I had neither.” Sherlock said with a cheeky smile.
It takes some adjustment.
“I love you too, John. Now there’s only one thing to do.”
“You always know.”
“Sherlock, please, please, please.”
“I know. Whose turn is it?”
“You will?”
at exactly 1 o’clock.
“You’re not awful.” Sherlock said.
“I think I’ll head up to my room.” John said, and hurried inside without a second glance at Sherlock.
“Keep still.” He told John and then nothing happened for a whole minute. John felt the anticipation and nervousness build up in him. After what felt like an hour, John felt Sherlock's weight press down on his back, and he knew what was going to happen. Sherlock placed his hands on John’s sides and slowly entered him. John tensed as he felt Sherlock’s cock inside of him. It was very large. John heard Sherlock gasp loudly and then he slowly started moving within John, waiting for John’s sphincter to adjust to this foreign invasion of cock. Before John had adjusted fully Sherlock picked up speed and moved his hands down onto John’s arse and dug them deep down.
“Sherlock!” he called and waited the obligatory three minutes before he got up from his chair and went to find Sherlock himself. He was lying in the sofa in the next room.
“Long day tomorrow.”
“I’ve got us tickets for Smetana’s Ma Vlast. With Aarhus Symphonic Orchestra.” Sherlock said. “He is the Czech composer you always ask me to play for you.”
“Tasty.” Sherlock said in a voice so deep and dirty it made John shiver again.
At these three little words, John threw his arms hard around Sherlock and hugged him tightly. Sherlock hugged back and they stayed in that embrace for minutes.
“John.”
“Andiel Rosim. It’s just a cover to make a case that would catch our attention. You’ve fabricated some made-up-man’s disappearance, because you knew that the police would consult with us. And you’ve done so because you, likely for some mad reason, want to hurt Dr. Watson, I’m sorry, Captain Watson.”
“John, I’m sorry.” John heard behind him, but he didn’t want Sherlock to notice the stream of tears that was running down his cheeks.
“Yes, but I knew you would come in here if I didn’t answer. You’re so easy to read.”
Sherlock exhaled. He was past the point of no return. He was completely exposed.
“I’d very much like that.” John said, blushing.
No reply.
“So, let’s unpack and then we could go for a walk or something.”
“What?”
“Hotel Royal, tak.” Sherlock answered, and as the taxi driver started the engine, John gaped at Sherlock.
“No.”
brother alone during the
John got up and went to the refrigerator to collect another beer, but the act was more a way to hide his sudden mood change. So, Sherlock had been with another man before. John had always suspected that Sherlock swung that way, but he’d never dreamed of the possibility that he might have acted on it. Well, Sherlock was close to forty after all, John shouldn’t be too shocked, but still…
“Yes… okay.”
John swallowed down a whole rainbow maki with salmon and directed a new question to Sherlock.
“Yes.”
“There are a lot of things that best friends can do.” Sherlock continued, eyes fixed on the television.
“Up we go then. We haven’t eaten properly all day. Let’s get some take-away.” Sherlock said. They stood up and put on their dressing gowns. As they re-emerged from the bathroom they walked directly into Lestrade, Donovan and Anderson.
“Is that so?”
“You speak Danish too?”
“John. Who is Daniel Morris? Why is he doing this?”
“That was easy.” John said in amusement.
“You must be the lucky Sherlock Holmes.” the man said and put his eyes upon Sherlock’s.
“Yes.”
“Nope.” Sherlock said casually again.
They got out of the bus, collected their suitcases from underneath the bus and went to find a taxi.
“Sherlock, don’t. It’s all right.” Sherlock heard John say desperately from his side of the bed. “Please, Sherlock. It’s all right. It’s okay.”
He looked over at John who was still cold turkey. As Sherlock leaned over and tried to wake him, he noticed that both their legs and arms were bound by ropes. He tried to loosen himself, but the ropes were tight. With this new piece of information his head started drifting back to his deductive self: Someone must have sedated them last night.
“No. I don’t think best friends do that.”
“Well, why don’t you tell me how lucky I am, then?” Sherlock replied, eyes narrowing.
“I’m guessing you don’t know how it works precisely. What I do is that I have large-scale rooms, probably on the same size as Buckingham Palace all together, and in these rooms I store information. Mostly important information, facts, things that might come in handy when solving cases. If I ever need access to this information, I simply visit my mind palace and collect it. What you probably don’t know is that I have a whole area of the palace reserved for one thing. Or one person. That’s an area I visit quite often. In it I store, not information, but fantasy. Dreams. Hope. That’s your area, John. I’ve wanted to be with you in that way… sexually… since I ripped off the bomb from your body by that pool all those years ago. When I realised that I could loose you, for real. And… it’s not just… It wasn’t about the sex precisely. It has never even interested me until then, so in order to sort out all these thoughts I built that large mind palace area for you, so that I could visit it in peace. I’ve visited it several times a day and more frequently after you moved back home. So yes, when I saw you lying there next to me in the bed, naked, I couldn’t help it, I was so aroused, so filled with sentiment I thought I might burst. But that wasn’t the way it was supposed to happen.”
“Well, hello ladies.” Morris said with an evil tone in his voice.
“That is a valid point, John Watson.”
“Sherlock…”
John did as he was told and the anticipation was nothing compared to the actual action when Sherlock inserted his tongue inside him again. John let out a gasp. Sherlock kept this going for ten minutes, before he withdrew and offered to penetrate him for real.
“Like what?” John said, and felt his heart pounding a bit faster, doing unspeakable things to the area between his legs.
“I don’t want to.”
“I just… It seems to me like you’ve solved it already. Why do you need me there?” John asked, still affected by the embarrassment from before.
“You… you have?” he asked Sherlock, then drained his beer.
“Okay. If I hadn’t been tied up I would have licked you.”
“He didn’t tie me up as tightly as I was before. Here you go, best friend.” Sherlock said and put his arm around John’s side and torso. He pulled John into his embrace and kissed the back of his neck.
“NO!” Sherlock was quick on his feet, but Morris’ reaction was fast as well, and he pointed both the gun and the knife in Sherlock’s direction.
John didn’t fall asleep before three in the morning.
“Turn over.” he commanded. John felt like he had no say in the line of events whatsoever, and on a level he felt like Sherlock was almost violating him. But it was all so hot, and he’d never experienced anything like this, with no woman, so he obligingly did as Sherlock told him.
“Well, it’s… it’s not definite… I mean – oh… I need to… yeah.”
Sherlock could see that John was breathing heavily.
“Where?”
John looked down at his tied up body, and Sherlock noticed that a shiver went through it.
“John?”
It was unusual for Sherlock to not finish sentences, John thought, but then again, he had never seen him as emotional as this. He had to fight the urge to touch him.
“What do you mean, Sherlock?”
No reply.
“John?”
(you) burst it, and I’m
“Hvor skal I?”
“Answer me, please. Did I say something wrong?”
“No, John. You can’t.”
“I don’t know.”
“You may think that you’re the only one traumatized here, but if that’s the case you’re incorrect.” Sherlock’s voice was shaking, but he was trying to keep calm. The loss of temper didn’t suit him nor this situation.
“Come on, give me another one.”
Mycroft tossed The Daily Mail at Sherlock who caught it with one hand.
“I saw it in that horrible movie you made me watch. I think people do that after intercourse.”
John laughed.
When they came to their senses John wriggled so that he could kiss Sherlock on the lips.
Christ, this was hell, he thought as he entered his bedroom. He didn’t re-emerge in the living room before he was positive that Lestrade, Donovan and Anderson had left.
“John…”
“Yours.”
“I just wanted to talk about… last night.” John hinted carefully.
John saw that Diana Leroy from The Daily Mail still hadn’t left the room. She was chatting away on her phone. John looked at her for a long time. They had crossed paths plenty of times, and she was the journalist who most frequently asked about the state of their relationship. John approached her when she’d finished her call.
“Well, that’s the comfiest bed I’ve ever laid eyes on, so I’m won’t be hard to please.”
“We’ll eat after.”
“Yeah… yeah, of course.” John answered and went back to sit down on the floor opposite his best friend.
Sherlock took John to a running sushi restaurant in a street called Vestergade. John wasn’t used to eating sushi, but he found it very tasty. Sherlock acted as though nothing strange had happened at all, and that they were still the best of friends they could possibly be. And they were of course. All best friends fight sometimes. They talked about everything, but mostly about Sherlock’s plan to break into Magnussen’s basement. According to Mycroft, there weren’t any indications that Magnussen’s brother, who was called Jeppe Julius Magnussen, was involved in his brother’s former affairs. Apparently he was only holding onto the stuff with the hopes of selling it to the people involved. Easy made money, as Mycroft had said. However, there were still a lot of government secrets there, and Mycroft only knew a little extent of what these were, so he wanted it all collected before Jeppe Magnussen had the chance to selling it to someone.
“Oh. Okay. Well. That’s fine, I guess.” John said, and noticed that all the strange feelings he’d experienced since the whole spin the bottle business, crept back into him, like unwelcome snakes. How would Sherlock feel about sleeping right next to him, when he couldn’t even stand touching his hand?
“Sherlock, I know you can hear me.”
“I asked you were we are!” John said in a slightly more anxious tone than when he woke up.
“Did I say something wrong? I mean… You said it yourself. It’s a biological response.”
John choked on his beer and felt an unfamiliar knot of emotion in the deepest pit of his stomach.
“It’s a Danish too. A movie called ‘A short a long’, ‘En kort en lang’. It’s supposed to be quite good. Or so I’ve read."
“That’s where Jeppe Magnussen lives.”
“You know what’s coming next, don’t you?” Morris said with a rusty voice. Sherlock knew far too well, and at the mere thought of it he felt every single blood cell in his body rush to the area between his legs. He closed his eyes and tried hard not to let this happen, not when John was lying almost naked, tied up and exposed in front of him. A tied up John, god, that’s hot. No. Sherlock reopened his eyes, and at this point, Morris had removed the underpants as well, and Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off the gorgeous core of John’s manhood. This made him more aroused than he’d ever been before. He didn’t know how long he kept staring, but when he noticed a movement from John he tore his eyes away and placed them upon John’s face. He looked embarrassed on a level Sherlock had never seen him before. Not even that time when Irene Adler had been naked in front of him.
Sherlock stood still for a moment, looked down at John who nodded, a nod, which made Sherlock feel like it was safe to withdraw. But for the first time this night, day, evening, whatever it was, he felt scared.
“Sherlock, do I have to tell you again? I don’t mind you being gay. Why do you make such a big deal about it?”
“Wait?”
I just need to readjust.
“I said. Sit still in your corner. I’m not going to hurt him. I swear.”
“I’ll take that as a yes.” Sherlock said and before John could take another breath he felt Sherlock’s fingers inside him. Underwear miraculously removed. That was fast. John gasped and moved his hand directly onto his cock and began stroking it. Sherlock fucked him faster and faster with at least three of his fingers, and John wondered for a second if he would insert his entire hand, but at that thought, Sherlock withdrew and replaced his fingers with the tip of his cock. John could feel it was already rock hard, just like his own. A second later John was filled from the inside out and his prostate was experiencing stimulation like it never had.
“John, there’s something I should tell you. … Even I have urges, and this was simply an adrenaline-provoked reaction to the situation.”
“I mean it.”
“There is something I should have told you, John, but I never really got the chance.”
“What?”
When the next movement ended, John, unconsciously, lifted his hand and placed it on the one Sherlock had draped around his shoulder, and immediately Sherlock withdrew his entire arm, though slowly this time. Once again, John was completely puzzled by what happened. He tried looking over at Sherlock, but couldn’t see a trace of the last minute’s events in his eyes. Sherlock was now mimicking the violins with his hands. Strange, John thought.
John sighed loudly. "Why was the homeless bloke following us the other day?" Mycroft smirked at the question. The gesture was similar to Sherlock's. But, in John's mind, the gesture on Sherlock's features was even appealing –
Sherlock’s heart was about to rip out of his chest and walk out by free will and throw itself out the window. He couldn’t take his eyes off John. His hands were shaking. He struggled to rein in his trembling lower lip and John was looking at him with a frown, his face bright with pure concern like a kid waiting for his mother to forgive him.
"You do realise you do that out loud, don't you." Sherlock was containing a smile and John snorted at that.
**..**
"Sir, this is the last time I'm going to say this. It is not a good idea! We've been in the track of this painting for only one week, and I'm sure..."
John appeared with one cup in each hand, giggling finally subsiding, and passed one cup to Sherlock before sitting down on his chair.
They were outside their home when Sherlock came back from his thoughts; he realised they had everything they needed in different bags; he was holding a couple of them too. It seemed his body was on auto pilot somehow. John had managed to buy their supplies from the only places open at this hour. He had bought milk, tea and sugar.
Sherlock's eyes danced along John's face. The doctor was hypnotised with them; his eyes followed when Sherlock's eyes slid from his forehead to his chin. John didn't move, he completely forgot about Amanda and Lestrade; they were quiet now, probably looking at them.
John shook his head and turned on the hot water in the shower, his body was over sensitive. The water around him was almost aphrodisiac as well as his soaped hands; he moved them around his torso and he wasn't surprised how his mind had only Sherlock's images once again.
John laughed, and jogged to his bedsit and got his phaser, then took a cab to the docking bay. What was that bastard’s brother up to? He arrived at the docking bay in no time, only to find a sweet old lady greeting him at the gate.
“What’d Rachel say?” John asked, mentally noting that he shouldn’t talk for Sherlock frequently lest he be caught for his mental Gift.
“Listen, this is all a bit crazy for me… I don’t know how you guys can do this. I, um, I think I’ll just be heading to my own flat now. Sherlock is… I can’t handle this.” He made sure he trembled his voice a little, biting his lip slightly. He nodded as he heard their thoughts (no suspicions, God, Sherlock was right. They weren’t the brightest of the bunch.) Lestrade nodded back.
“Quite.”
“A wounded soldier has no home in which to tarry, methinks a whiskey-on-rocks relationship with brother Harry,” Sherlock winced. God, he almost sounded Shakespearean that time.
“Funny you say that,” Mike grimaced. “You’re the second person today to say that to me. Sort of.”
“Chinese?”
“The case is over,” John pointed out.
“Um, in a minute,” John refreshed the page again. The phone was further away now. “I just need to check something.” The phone was stopped at a building and didn’t move. Sherlock was definitely in danger if he had just followed a serial killer into what seemed to be an abandoned building. He looked up at the police officers which were regarding him incredulously. He needed to get to Sherlock, and fast, preferably without the attention of the DI and his officers.
John smirked. “Damn right,” he said, then caught Sherlock’s eye and smiled widely.
John frowned, taken aback. So he hadn’t hallucinated? And four days? For blood loss? It wasn’t even acute blood loss, barely enough to pass out over, though he must’ve been injected with something from the fangs. God, sometimes he hated the Gifted. “So what kind of Gift did my patient have? Must’ve been some sort of vampire hybrid, yeah?”
Sherlock scanned him briefly. “Medic, since you’re in the hospital. Military based on your bearing and recently at war in space based on your clear discomfort with, well, gravity. Brain trauma explains why you’re not still in space, mild enough because you can talk and think albeit slowly, which is more than most of the population who can only do one at a time. Severe enough that your sense of smell is gone, along with your memory based off your conversation with Mike. Mild insomnia and irritability, but that might’ve been from PTSD or just your personality. And you’ve written on your arm with pen to contact someone named Harry. You’ve gone over it a couple times because it keeps washing off because you’re procrastinating it. Chances are that it’s a relative. Anything else?”
“The leg must be hurting you. Sit down.” The man gestured towards the chair again.
“Partners are… not really my area. I consider myself married to my work.”
“Oh, hello dear, Sherlock’s just upstairs. I’m the landlady, Ms. Hudson.”
“Well. You’ve met him. I’m the closest thing to a friend Sherlock Holmes is capable of having. We’re…. enemies. He might even be dramatic enough to call me his
“Proud of you, son,” his dad had said a bit gruffly. “Sorry Harry couldn’t be here, but you know how she is.” There was really no love lost between John and Harry.
John grinned, “Who’d want me for a flatmate?”
“He didn’t order a taxi,” John answered.
“Broken limbs, damage to the lungs from gas inhalation… the medics on board are also hurt, but trying their best to keep everyone alive. No one documented as Gifted, except for the night-vision guy, but he shouldn’t pose too much trouble…” he hesitated. “They’ve been gassed with something, and it’s making them violent.” The soldier looked dead on his feet, but they were understaffed enough as it was.
“Sherlock Holmes, native to London, entirely human according to my mother, an alien according to essentially everyone else.” he said this carelessly, as though he’d repeated it a thousand times. “I consider myself more of a freak of nature than anything else. The experiment is, obviously, on the Klon and how they fare in space, I’m aware that microbodies have an alarming growth rate in space but I’m unsure how that applies to the Klon. And you, my dear Boswell, will be documenting this experiment as well as overseeing certain simple portions. We will always be working in dim lighting, as the Klon have a remarkable ability to grow in synthetic light, and we will be working in an isolated pod orbiting Sol 3 for approximately eight months. Does that cover it for you or would you like it written down?”
Sherlock raced up the stairs and John sighed. Having a psychosomatic limp was shite. It only really started showing itself when he had returned to London. Thank God, he’d hate to imagine the old man jokes he would’ve heard on base.
“Oh, uh, yeah I’ve already, um..” Sherlock started aimlessly stacking papers. “It’ll be clean enough, don’t worry.”
He was walking one day, after briefly contemplating shooting himself for the hell of it. But anyway. He was walking through a park, making sure it was amply busy so he wouldn’t have to have someone’s thoughts rammed down his throat (figuratively speaking, of course).
“Should we just—” John looked towards the police cars.
“Mycroft?” John asked. “That’s quite a name. Then again, you being Sherlock and all, I reckon it makes sense.”
“Thank you Mrs. Hudson, please do not worry, the game is on, I’m in a hurry,” he dashed out the door, then popped his head back in. “The game is on, it is a thriller, goodbye John, I’m off to catch the killer.” Sherlock winked and headed out the door, his mind a frenzy of thought and deduction.
Luckily the receptionist here was pretty, at least.
“Rachel is the name she tried to write,” John supplied helpfully.
John grimaced.
John furrowed his brows. “Afghanistan, wait, how did you- never mind,
Their hands were still touching.
“Thanks.” John said sarcastically.
Sherlock was the first to reply. “Two-”
Sherlock snorted.
“You don’t seem very afraid.”
“Wow, it… I can hear you a bit, if I really try, but it’s virtually silent.” John smiled. He could actually hear the other patrons in the restaurant, though even then they were a dull roar. “Incredible.”
What actually happened was an embarrassing bump of noses which Sherlock tried to apologize for but his mouth was interrupted quite happily. It was one of those unremarkable kisses made all the more remarkable for the people involved.
Sherlock hesitated.
Anthea smiled. “None at all.”
“Check.” Alex smiled grimly. “Ready?”
“Bugger if I knew,” Mike said with a smile.
*****
“How did you do that? Have you always been able to?” John asked curiously.
“Is he always like that?” John asked.
“Mm, yes, I’m sure she’s thrilled. Mrs. Hudson, go away. John and I need to prep the samples,” Sherlock said after clearing his throat.
“He’s a freak, you know. He’s not paid to come here. He gets off on it. Blood. Murder. He’s a complete psychopath.” Donovan’s lip curled in disgust. “One of these days we’ll be standing around a body and Sherlock Holmes is gonna be the one that put it there. Look, I’ll do you a favour. Go now, and never come back. Trust me, whatever life you have now is much better than whatever you’ll get pandering to Sherlock.”
“How long have I been here? The guys who were gassed, they’re all okay?” John looked around belatedly, but he seemed to be the only patient.
John furrowed his brow and smiled. “Ah,” he hesitated, looking out the door. “I, um, yeah I should probably follow him. Can I get your number so I can send you the details? Yeah, thanks.”
“Now look at the camera on the building to your right.” It swivelled away. “And finally, the camera on the building opposite to you.” And that one faced away as well. Right.
A dark car began following him down the block. At first he thought it was coincidence that there was only a single vehicle on the road, and the new engines in cars were silent so it took a while for him to notice the shadow behind him.
“Oh, uh,” John paused and cleared his throat a little awkwardly. “So your brother’s a bit of an arse, eh?” he said, switching the subject.
Alex nodded sympathetically. “I guess you’re not going to return after the end of your tour, then. I don’t blame you for it… you haven’t been okay for a while now. Do you want me to recommend you to a psychiatrist? That’d be sure to get you sent home quicker…”
Well that was a threat if he’d ever heard one. He cursed himself for leaving his phaser in his bedside table.
Inside was blissfully dim. John looked over to Mike, who was grimacing again in that beside-an-incontinent-family-dog kind of way again.
The car left him at a warehouse, where a man stood with as much gravitas as a man could have considering he owned an antique umbrella. “Have a seat, John.”
“Why are there human eyes in the microwave?” Anderson said from the kitchen.
“Her name’s Jennifer Wilson, we’re still researching,” Lestrade said. “Have anything?”
The man gave no response and texted on John’s phone. He hit send and gave him his phone back.
He held out a hand. “Sherlock Holmes. Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Yes.”
Mycroft sighed. “Once again, unfortunate.”
Oh bugger. This man was a mind reader too. Okay, John, think boring thoughts. Panic about your situation.
“A newbie assassin I’m willing to bet, not morally bound, Lestrade I’m in shock, go get.”
John was taken aback. Seriously, that was it? “Not to be rude, but… I think that’s none of your business.”
“What’s the point? It’s not like the dead are going to up and run away,” Sherlock said sarcastically, much to the concern of the people surrounding them.
“Um, I don’t…” he paused, looking towards Sherlock.
Sherlock smirked lazily.
“And a soldier!” she interrupted. “Sherlock must be ever so pleased--”
“Liar.”
With that, they left.
John frowned. “Piss off. Sherlock was nearly killed today, and you’re, what, teasing him? He’s my patient; he’s in shock. He needs to get home, so whatever you have to say, don’t.” John ignored Sherlock’s mental tirade against his brother and underlying tone of awe directed at him.
John sighed again and worked his way upstairs. After making it to the landing, he smiled at Lestrade. The DI gestured into the room. “He’s in there, doing his thing. Can I trust you to make sure he doesn’t… oh, I don’t know, steal the body?” Lestrade chuckled grimly.
“There is a security camera on your left, do you see it?” A man’s voice spoke. He had a posh accent, not unlike Sherlock’s.
“Piss off.”
“Freak,” a police officer greeted.
Sherlock stared at him, blinking. After a moment, he cleared his throat. “John. Here’s a write-up of what we’ll be doing for the next eight months. Please make an effort to keep this on you. Our ship leaves in two days from the Baker Street docking bay, you’ll need security clearance but I have the means to expedite that.”
“What do you mean, we’ve only just met!” John was flabbergasted; who was this Sherlock anyway? And how did he know so much?
“One?” Sherlock frowned.
John’s mouth twisted into a funny sort of smile. “And get honourable discharge for being a mental fuck up?”
“Go ahead, dear,” Ms. Hudson replied as she bustled off.
“Unfortunate as this all may be, I am an interested party, John. I wouldn’t be unwilling to compensate you, if you were to help me.”
He nodded. “Course, yeah, but who are you? I’d quite like to get you know you better. And what experiment is even happening?” The man moved closer to John, and from up close John could see that the man was, well, actually quite breathtakingly handsome.
“John Watson.” A woman said from behind him in a disinterested tone. “It would be in your best interest to get in the car.”
John looked Sherlock up and down, and raised his eyebrows. “Well, I think you look fine.”
“Is that your real name?”
“Ah, Sally, always a pleasure, how was Anderson’s last night? Still adulterous? That must be nice,” Sherlock said in a not-so-pleasant tone.
you.”
“Tomorrow,” he answered, smiling slightly. He was a bit nervous, excited, scared, and filled with anticipation. He could sense his mum’s hidden distress, which she was trying to suppress.
Sherlock blushed momentarily and cleared his throat.
It’s funny that no one questions him anymore. He’s become something of a legend, so much so that some people call him psychic. It’s absolute bullshit to them, but it’s sort of true, really. John tries not to read people’s minds and invade their privacy, his mother taught him better.
“Yes, I think so,” Sherlock answered, their shoulders bumping each other as they made their way to the crime scene.
Mrs. Hudson came up the stairs. “Sherlock, dear, the taxi you ordered is here.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and flopped onto the padded grey bench. “You’ve met Mycroft, I take it?”
Mike gave a self-deprecating smile. “Yeah, I know, I got fat. Weren’t you off in the Terran Corps trying not to get shot at? What happened?”
“A phone for texting would suffice, else a life is cast to dice,” the man said, wincing slightly on his perch.
The man across from him was wearing a rather expensive looking suit, even more expensive than the stuff Sherlock was wearing. He was leaning against an umbrella, and had a very
“Anthea.”
Sherlock shrugged meekly. “My brother and I, well, when we were younger—”
“You think the killer will come to our door?” John asked, looking out of the front window at the street below.
“Try the main road up ahead.”
And so John kissed him. Because it seemed like the thing to do. And Sherlock apparently was fine with it, considering how enthusiastic he was participating.
Sherlock stood up and raced out the door, pausing slightly for John to catch up. The good doctor had the social grace to turn around and nod quickly in thanks at the restaurant owner, then dashed off after Sherlock.
John pursed his lips. “You know, I don’t think that’s any of your business. You don’t get to ask my intentions after your… brother? After what you did you me, you should be well out of my life and my way, Mycroft.”
“Uh, yeah, samples...” John trailed off, enjoying the flush on Sherlock’s throat.
“Sherlock’s told me all about you,” she clasped her hands together. “Will you be needing another bedroom?”
“Er, thanks,” John nodded. “I’ll have the er…” he looked down at the menu and picked one at random. “Sherlock, what did you want?” The consulting detective snorted and shook his head, his curly hair bouncing slightly.
Sherlock grinned.
John held back a frown and gave Sherlock the phone.
Donovan or Anderson).
“Seen a lot of blood?”
Just then, a grey-haired man came in. “There’s been another one at Brixton, Lauriston Gardens,” he announced gravely. He looked away from Sherlock and noticed John. “Oh, hello. I’m Detective Inspector Lestrade. Who’re you?”
“Dunno, didn’t see them…” John trailed off. Great. So he’d have bloody teeth marks on his shoulder forever. “So when’ll I be fit for duty?”
“How you’re holding yourself. Also you’ve just come back from a war and I told you we’re visiting a crime scene. It’d be idiotic if you
Sherlock came bounding down the stairs, his large black coat fanning out behind him dramatically. “Come along, John, no time to wait, there are dead bodies to be examined!”
“Anything else?” John asked.
“I’ll go ahead, Erikkson, you cover my back,” he ordered, marching toward the seemingly abandoned shack. There were tons of shacks to be found in the desert, some filled with explosives, others with corpses. There was rarely anything nice to be found within one. Still, he found that he
“As said before a life’s at stake, I must be gone, the accused is fake. A flat-share arrangement, that we will see, the address is 221B. Baker Street is the location, 9am tomorrow, no hesitation.” Sherlock winked and headed out the door.
Again, Alex shrugged. “Remember the guy with the night-vision thing? His name’s Alfred. He said it suppressed it for a bit, which was a bit surreal for him. But by the time he got in the chopper, his senses were in overdrive and it was almost like he could see
John frowned. Was he hallucinating? Alex’s mouth hadn’t been moving. Alex rubbed a hand over his face. “Actually... That guy who bit you really put some strange shit into your bloodstream. Never seen the likes before. He started convulsing too, afterwards. He died, but everyone else is okay. I think Lauren is gonna have a limp for a while, but that’s about it. We’re mostly worried about you, mate. You’ve been out for four days.”
No one was available to help him, so he got out some gauze and quickly wrapped his shoulder before finally passing out from blood loss. Goddamn he hated his job sometimes.
Sherlock wasn’t actually about to poison himself, was he? The daft idiot, he was going to, of course he was. Because he’s Sherlock Holmes and he’s a bloody idiot.
Sherlock gave the phone back to John after typing in a number.
Sherlock shrugged wordlessly.
John frowned. “Right. Okay, but what was the job about?”
John soon regretted his decision to get a psychiatrist. Not that Ella wasn’t great, but he just didn’t feel comfortable exposing her to the harsh realities of the army. At least that’s what he told himself. It was impossible to describe his simultaneous hatred and love for Afghanistan.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “Strange how your mind automatically went to flat-sharing… still, I think we know enough about each other to live together, don’t you think?” He placed his phone into his pocket, letting the housecoat slip a bit (yeah, no, he
Sherlock opened the door to 221B to pause momentarily, then flop onto the couch.
“Oh?”
“Ta,” John nodded and went on his way, leaning heavily into his cane. Well. This was certainly a new experience. Bit of an eye-opener. Seemed like no one really liked Sherlock at all, not that the bloke himself cared at all.
She looked over at him. “Who’re you? You the freak’s new pet?”
“Fire! Oh God, Sherlock again?” he heard the voice of Mrs Dodge call out.
It hadn’t even been that long since he’d been in the space war, and yet he missed the dark sky terribly. It was the kind of missing that had no name, the same depth as say, betrayal, but not as tragic-sounding as longing. A phantom limb, maybe, or when you dream about a really great breakfast then wake up in the morning to realize that you don’t have the ingredients.
“That’s not what most people say.”
John frowned and cocked his head. “Er, right. Well. I’ll be off. Uh, where am I?”
“So, Lestrade, the case is right here. And according to
hearing thoughts. Anyway.
John frowned a bit and gave the man his phone. “Here you go. You must be Sherlock, right?”
“Drugs bust,” Lestrade said sharply, looking around the room.
“Hm… shockingly loyal. Sherlock? Not going to say anything?” Mycroft raised an eyebrow. “No? How very telling. I’m concerned, brother dearest, and Mummy is ever so worried about you.”
“No really, John, I might have something. Come, let’s grab coffee and I’ll tell you about it. I’m sure this bright white end of the hospital is doing wonders for your head right now.”
John went ahead in and found Sherlock inspecting the dead body. It was a woman, wearing a bright pink raincoat and pink shoes. An awful lot of pink, really. Pink nail polish, pink lipstick.
“So have you told me about this job?” John asked. He was sure they’d been talking about it. What else would they have been talking about? Surely they had been talking about it.
With the energy of a man much younger than himself, John jumped out of bed and quickly marched out of his flat, not even sparing a glance to his laptop or cane. His leg twinged slightly, and he hoped to God it would hold out on him at least until he got outside.
himself sometimes.
It was a bit chilly out and John suddenly regretted his choice of sleepwear. A ratty vest, pants and socks currently made up his outfit. Trying to get out of the group of people milling about, John bumped into someone.
John coughed slightly. “Sentiment,” he mumbled.
John was confused, until he walked inside and saw the crew, including the DI they had met earlier that day. (Was it only that day? Time moved quickly, John supposed.) The DI was joined by a small crew of three, all in uniform.
“How did you guess that I wouldn’t be able to sleep?” It was crazy enough that John was psychic; it just wasn’t fair if Sherlock was psychic too. The man was too brilliant to be trusted with a Gift like that.
John gave a noncommittal grunt.
In fact, he did quite look like the Mike from years back. “Oh! Mike. Yeah, it’s been long, eh?”
Sherlock frowned and looked away.
John giggled. “Well that’s hardly right. How’d you figure all of that out?”
John giggled. “Your nose is enormous.”
“Sherlock, your life was in danger!”
On his transit home, he decided to get off a stop early to enjoy the walk. For there was finally something to enjoy, now that life seemed less dull. And it was early evening, so the outdoor light didn’t bother him and he could almost make out a star in the sky. Soon. Soon he’d get to venture off into the dark.
Sherlock gave John a look. Ah. Right. Probably didn’t understand a thing he was saying. Sherlock went silently to grab his coat, popping the collar like he was cool.
in London. And he could barely afford a flat with the army pension. The home-sit he was staying at now was about as thrilling as his life was… he was pretty sure at least two people had overdosed in the past week alone. He didn’t blame them; this place was depressing. Especially since he was sure his night terrors could be heard every night.
Sherlock lifted his head haughtily.
Lestrade frowned. “What, no rhyming insult from you, Sherlock?”
“Really?”
Second floor. Right. Stairs would get annoying after a while, what with his cane and all. He made his way up and opened the door to… well, a disaster of a flat. The walls were covered in different patterns of wallpaper, there were files and papers stacked up all over the room, and there were some frankly… alternative pieces of art hanging on the wall. Ignoring the skull (a real human one?!) John’s eye caught the bull skull wearing headphones. Well. Certainly whimsical.
“Well. That too, I suppose,” John grinned. “You’re a bit wrong, though.”
John had been working as an army medic who would go from spaceship to spaceship and try and rescue and recover anyone alive, and it was general knowledge that anyone in a red spaceship was medical and therefore not to be shot at. And yet, it was just his luck that while he was docking his spaceship onto another that had seen better days that the entire area was ripped apart by a blaster. He had had few precious seconds to get on a lifesuit, but his first priority had been to get a lifesuit onto his patient. As a result, of course, he was delayed in his own suit, and had suffered a mild brain injury due to lack of air. His suit’s air supply just hadn’t kicked in in time. The PTSD hand tremor also wasn’t great.
“By the way, I ordered some beers to go. The same Japanese one you’ve been drinking tonight. You liked it, didn’t you?”
