"And for the record, Cassie is a mean cook too" Gabriel added.
Your big kudos and comments are so welcome 😍❤😍❤😍
After few minutes Cas starts to yawn as his eye starts to shut slowly.
"Whatever fuckers I don't have more time for your crap," Dean said even not bothering to look back.
"Aww sweetie, thank you but I'm full already. I just came back from the greatest date ever" She said beaming like a college girl.
"Cas breathe, breathe with me, hey breath in breath out" What the hell? is that Dean? Why was he.. And did he call CAS? Oh hell, here we go.
They stared at each other for few moments before Dean pulled Castiel into his chest, snaking his hands around Castiel's soft waist, hugging him tightly. Castiel gasped but quickly hugged back humming as the familiar warmth wrapped around him like a dream. Dean's scent always made him like living in a dream and made his heart filled in peace and protective feeling.
"Mmm Good Morning honey bun" Cas murmurs and turns to Dean with sleepy eyes. They share a loving smile while Cas caresses Dean's face as Dean melts to the soft touch of his boyfriend.
Dean held the bag to Castiel and half expected Castiel will reject it but Dean's wonder, Castiel took it to his hand in awe.
"Hey Cas"
Dean didn't bother to thank her and ran again checking the room numbers. And finally, he found the room. He stopped in front of the door and wait for a second, he got a deep breath and slowly breathe out just for calming himself down, slowly opening the door as he didn't want to wakeup Mary if she was resting.
“Three days. And it’s final. But hey, you have to promise me though"  Cas says in a warning tone.
Dean glared at Alastair without looking at Castiel, he groaned a little.
"I'm gonna miss you so much more and more since today Cas because now I know how it feels when you are in my life, it's gonna be hurt life here without your presence" Dean whispered and Castiel felt he lost on words.
"Yeah, it's me and.. Um.. Hope I didn't wake you up?" It's a question more than a statement. And what the hell happened to his voice. It's almost not like Dean's voice.
Dean was glaring at him.
"Just only one chance. One date sweetheart, please?" He whispered.
"Wow, that's a really huge one," He said but then he saw Cas is shaking and also he was trying to wake up Sam.
"Yes, Coach. I'm sorry, I got it" He answered quickly glaring at Dean more.
Then Castiel drove off the car park and Dean fist-pumped to air. Oh my god, Winchester, it's a good step. I'm glad that Cas finally found I'm not some rich brat. He will eventually understand my love too. Yes, I will wait for him coz I love him so much. Dean thought and drove off his beloved baby to his home.
Then there was an uncomfortable silence between them for the next few seconds. And also Dean drove the baby very slowly. He didn't want to think about why he did that. Because the roads are wet and slippery from the rain. So he just being a bit careful. That's it and it's not like he was kinda didn't want to end this ride so soon. He would answer like that if someone asked him about that.
Dean asked and his voice came very comically. And Castiel started to burst out laughing at that. And obviously, he didn't miss the way Dean simply said "My Cas". How lovely was that, am I really his? Castiel thought while trying to stop his laughter. Okay, Novak gather yourself. Don't make that poor man crazy.
He didn't know what he should do now, even though he knew one thing very surely. He can't hate Cas anymore. And his heart craving for Cas's presence surprising him more. Maybe because now he knows about Cas's life a bit and he knows how he saved his mom. Anyhow the only thing Dean knows is he can't control his strange feeling towards Cas. He didn't want to label it though. Whether it's all about Kindness?, pity?, feeling sorry?, trying to making up to Cas everything? trying to be a good son as his mom wishes? trying to make a new friend? Or to end a useless hateness?
"Dean please leave me, why do you hate me this much, what I have done to you, Dean. Please let me go" Castiel cried and he was so weak. Dean only heard those words as he felt huge pain inside his heart. His eyes went wide as suddenly he realized what was he doing. He wanted to hit himself and also kill these assholes. Dean just stayed few seconds lifting Cas shaking with anger like that and then he let go of Cas as he dropped to the floor and then Dean stormed towards the school building without even looking at the students who were gathered around them for watch the fight.
"Ah ha, seems like everyone has a brother's troubles in this Christmas. Anyhow Look dude, I'm also in a hurry, and the funny thing is I even don't like this shit and I'm not a freaking vegan. but I need to bring this home for a huge vegan nerd who suppose to stay in his home alone without giving this much trouble to me" Dean burst out without breaking eye contact with Castiel.
Charlie also smiled at them happily.
"You know what.. Okay. I will take him, okay? Happy?" Dean was a bit angry but most of all he felt little frustration with everything happening right now. Wow, now he has to give a lift to that nerd. Amazing.
“It's the third day,” Cas says and caresses Dean’s head lovingly.
"Yes?"
"Jesus Christ Dean! You know this is crazy. you can't just hold a cute little adorable puppy on your chest and walking like it's nothing, middle of the guest area of my freaking office.
"Oh Cas I really love to and want to, but unfortunately I have to leave right now, but I changed the time table a bit and got some time to get rid of the other directors, so I can run here before they got to know that I'm missing," Dean said chuckling. Cas nodded at him with an understanding smile.
"um, Actually I was thinking that should I do this or not, but since Gabriel is getting better and you are a bit relax than yesterday I thought I would try," Dean said and grabbed a beautiful box behind his Car. He held it for Castiel.
his head whipping around to the direct sound came. He can see that It's his armors through the silk sheer curtains around his tub. But he remembers that he put it on that desk, but now it's on the floor, still moving back and forth. And it's impossible to fall because there is no wind coming into the chamber as all the windows are already closed, so there must be no way the wind is coming inside.
"What Mom what are you saying? Okay, we can talk about it later, let's talk about the elephant in the room. do you know this is not Clarence this is Novak, Castiel Novak the nerd from my college, and of course I just messing with him when I asked my cloths back. Jeez.." Dean shouted as he was angry and still in shock with everything happend.
Cas sighs before leaning in and grabs his beloved boyfriend's face.
"Please let me Cas," With that Dean opened the car door for him. Dean's face was a few inches away from Castiel's.
A few minutes later Dean came back and sat beside him. Again almost on Cas's lap. The fresh coffee aroma hit his nose within a second and it feels so wonderful. But Cas even didn't glance at him, just looking at the screen. Then suddenly Dean held a smoking mug in front of Cas's face and Cas looked at him with a questioning look. Dean's face was very calm but seems like his cheeks are a bit flushed. The emotions on his face are soft.
"Hey Lis what's up" He smirked.
"What's wrong with you Lisa? You don't have to be so mean to people like this"
“Um morning, actually I got ten missed calls from this number and you know I just wanted to check, I guess,” he said nervously.
But Castiel's surprise Gabriel didn't giggle at him, didn't make a funny face or yelled and ran around teasing him unstoppably. Instead, Gabriel starts to think as he drives his lower lip between his teeth. And then his eyes sparkled suddenly.
"Oh! Oh.. wait a minute, is that mean you accepted his date? Oh OMG are you guys together or something now?" Gabriel practically ran to Castiel and grabbed his shoulder in one hand still Miracle in his other hand.
"Shut up, I will take care of my guards, now you let my hands go and get off of me, you demon" Cas yells.
"Dean... God, I.. I just don't know what to say, I mean you don't have to. It's.. It's too thoughtful of you,  I mean it's so nice, and wow" Cas chuckled staring at Dean like he is heard something unbelievable.
Castiel didn't know what to say but then he remembered his hand is still covering by Dean's big and warm hand, he lifts his eyes to find Dean was staring at him and that look on his eyes did something to Castiel's heart. But he shook off that strange feeling and gave a little soft tug on his hand thinking maybe Dean get the hint and release his hand.
"Hmm okay then, I think I should go now," Castiel said hesitantly like he didn't want to go away from Dean, still his hand on Dean's chest.
"Another Valentine's Day drama" He muttered under his breath before going back his way.
I mean, just just the way Cas said it to Dean, man that's incredible. I felt like it's a REAL real happening in my real life.
"Wait, is this about that demon Alpha prince? Please don't tell me that you are.." Gabriel starts but Castiel stops him.
“Ok! Four days…” Dean chuckles and says.
"See you, tomorrow sweetheart"
"I remember the day they announced that 'true mate' word as a forbidden and then vanished it from the kingdom by threatening the people. I triggered that memory when Michael threatened me"
"Oh god, I'm sorry I should get up, I forgot about it, and no I'm not naked, I'm in a towel" Cas babbled in a shocking voice still closing his eyes. That moment Dean understood that their position and his heart started to skip its beat.
"What a coincident Cas, mine too," He said back staring at Cas.
"Finally Dean slowly pulled out only to see Castiel's face. Castiel's eyes were closed peacefully as he was hugging Dean for dear life. And he is still not let go of Dean.
"Oh hello Mr. Winchester, I didn't recognize you. Seems like you are going to surprise your girlfriend" Castiel said but he can practically see the jealousy and bitterness of his own words.
Dean rolled his eyes but secretly wiped his face because there were still few tears.
"Hello Donna, how have you been today?"
"Cas are you okay?, Dean, what did you do now? I swear to god if you have pulled any prank on him.." Sam tried to warn Dean but Castiel cut off him.
“God Cas you are so beautiful.” Cas smiles at him and pulls him for another hot kiss.
Dean chuckled at that.
"And Clarence I would really really like to come to your house and talk with your parents and thank them for raising a son like you, actually they should be very proud of you. No one helped me that day besides you, without you I don't know what would be happened to me"
But Dean got an idea and he asked to invite Gabriel's little brother too. Dean and Castiel had never met or see each other before, so also they can get to know each other. That was a great idea and Sam was beaming with that. So Castiel got invited and next second he kindly rejected it by saying,
Only fools rush in
"Hey guys, um Castiel are you okay? You look like you are not okay" Charlie said and go around the table to sit near the Meg, looking at Castiel with a worried face.
"You are so beautiful Cas, the most beautiful boy I have ever seen, you are the most beautiful Angel in this whole universe baby, the most beautiful and gorgeous Angel prince ever, I don't have words to explain your beauty" Dean murmurs while Cas moaning softly.
"To say sorry? But for what Dean? I don't understand" Castiel said unblinkingly.
He should be thankful for Cas, should apologize for everything he did, and should be good for Cas. And also at the same time, he should seduce Cas, should get his v card. Fuck, how he gonna do that? How he gonna get his V card and make him feel better at the same time? And of course, in the meantime, Dean didn't want other people to know that what's going on between them. Dean is too chicken for being a friend with a nerd and a gay boy. A fucking gorgeous and handsome gay boy though. Yeah, Dean was fucked up big time.
"Oh is that so? Dean, I don't know how to thank you, man. Really. I can imagine how much my little brother will get shocked that time and thank you for taking care of him and everything. Thanks, man" Gabriel said smiling genuinely.
Castiel turned the box around in awe because it was really beautiful. There was "Bee my honey" Written on it. And Castiel blushed more.
Dean closed his eyes because he didn't expect things to turn like this. He just wanted to make Cas feel special, he didn't try to push Cas.
Michael said with a cocky smile on his face who always wanted to get the leadership of the gang beside the football team. He was already the captain of the football team, but always he lost it when it’s come to their normal life gang out of the playground, Dean literary eventually be a leader, and the rest of the team became the followers without even asking. Dean believes that because of his charming power, sometimes he said it to Michael’s face that “you can’t beat Winchester charming bro”
They stayed like that few minutes. Then he felt he can open his eyes and can breathe properly.
"Wait, is that means you know that reason? Did Cas told you about that?" He asked looking at Sam and then looked at Cas, with a hurtful face. Cas gulped, he opened his mouth to say "no" but Sam beat him to it.
"We were talking about the failures and the problems that occurred in the Russian new office, Mr. Winchester. Every management we send their screw up and seems like we have to close it soon if we don't do something for that as soon as possible"
"That's him, Sam," She said pointing towards the boy who was walking slowly and grabbing items, few meters ahead of them.
//um, Cas, thank you //
"Oh it's fine Clarence you don't need to bother we are fine," Mary said waving her hand towards Castiel.
Then he licks around clit and massages it with the tip of his tongue.
"Castiel tell me what happened, those assholes did something again?" Alfie asked.
“Cas. Oh, babe” Dean keeps moaning as
"How's going on with you guys, need any help?"
"God Mr. Winchester would you please stop, at least not in the hospital," He said through his laugh.
Mary opened her mouth to say she wasn't, but before that, they can be heard and see Dean moaning with a mouth full of apple pie.
“Shh…I got you babe” Dean soothes him and leaves his leg and makes him lays on his back again.
Castiel started to laugh and he launched until tears coming from his eyes.
"Yeah, I can understand what you want. But I got only one question, Winchester. Why can't you ask this from him directly? I mean not only for the Assignment, you even can ask for help for maybe tutoring from him, even you guys are in the same class, you guys are friends. why'd I should be involved in this?"
"Shut up Dean, stop your nonsense, now hurry up and go bring some ice cream and some Cake. Anything you can found but make sure they are good, hurry up and go" Mary shouted.
"Okay, cool. I mean great. I mean, I knew that nerd wasn't perfect for you. Shit, it came wrong, I mean.."
Castiel's eyes went wide again.
"Gabe! Nothing happened. And if Anna has already told you everything, there is nothing more to tell you, and maybe Anna forgot to mention that I have threatened him to stay away from our kingdom" Cas says proudly.
“Joke? is it a joke to you? Did you fuck with some guy named Benny? Huh? Is that why you moaned just right now his name instead of mine? tell me you fucking whore, how the fuck did you do this to me you slut?”
Dean : *Blushing
"Who the fuck is that?" He almost growls. Cas hesitates a bit before answer.
“And yes let’s go to the Doctor, but Cas, forgive me plea…” Dean couldn’t complete as Cas press his lips to Dean’s.
Castiel asked mirroring Dean, as he crossed his arms over his chest, putting on his fake glaring.
"Why'd I act Cas, for what?" His voice getting weaker than before when he asks.
//I miss you too Dean//
"Jesus Gabriel Thomas Novak, can you please behave yourself, oh my god"
Cas felt his heart raising at that, because again in Winchester House? No, no he can't. Not again. Last time he had enough and he promised himself that he will never go there again. But this is Mary after all inviting him. She is like a mom to him, for the first time he felt loved again because of her. So how could he say No to her? But also he was not ready to face Dean in his own house again, just like last time. Cas was stuck between two worlds when he heard Mary's voice.
Dean huffed at that. Cas wasn't giving a direct answer, is that mean they are really dating? Dean's blood rushed to their brain as he felt huge anger.
"Oh Castiel you are a kid who needs to eat more, so don't say anything just eat it "
Dean gasped in shock.
"ohh Cas It drives me crazy when you look at me like that" Dean said before he starts thrusting again.
"Oh, I guess it's pizza. Wait I'll get it" Sam said and rushed towards the main door, leaving Cas and Dean alone. For the first time, Cas looked at Dean because still he can feel his eyes on him. Cas caught Dean staring at him but Dean didn't even try to look away, instead, he gave a soft smile.
The first one was very distracted And very half-naked and wet, Cas stormed out from the bathroom.
"Distracted? Distracted by who? Damn it Dean you know that whole college Distracted by me, who is here to distracted over me?" Lisa was in a murdering mood and gritting her teeth.
Sam just staring at his brother for a moment before his face lit with a  bright smile as Dean's eyes lit knowing that his idea is probably working.
"Actually I really wanted to see my little brother this morning, was having a hard time and wanted to talk with someone, but I knew my stupid brother not coming to office this early but it's near to come here rather than going to his house, so I came here even if I have to wait here for him," Dean said his face still covering with that sad facial expressions.
Cas is now super pissed off. How dare this demon acting like this. First, he kissed Cas's cheeks and then slapped his ass in the other day. Today he sneaked into his kingdom. god, not only to the kingdom but also into his chamber.
Cas's voice came out hoarse and rough. Kinda gruff but low and honeyed. It sounds very nice, but still, it sounds like he just had sex or something like that. Dean didn't know why but he felt like so.
"What the fuck was that, are you fucking lost your mind Charles, I'm not gay. pray to god for being my best friend, otherwise, I would punch you right now" Dean yelled and Charlie snored.
Cas was done with Dean at that time as he was too late when his mouth took the lead.
"Mom, oh my god, you lied to me. you had already made a pie" Dean yelled as he can't believe it.
Dean keeps going down and starts sucking Cas’s collarbone, then he moves lower and lower, kissing all the way down to Cas’s delicious body. Normally Dean loves to tease Cas’s sensitive nipples for hours, but for now, he gives wet kisses to each nipple. Then he took one nipple into his mouth and sucks hard.
"No offense though Mom" Sam added.
"Holy shit, I'm in my worst enemy's bathroom and getting a shower from the same shower he uses" He mumbled and his body did a full-body shiver.
"Whatever, Cas just tell me why do you hate me this much?"
He was thinking about this strange mystery boy, Clarence... Hmm, who would be that much of a big-hearted kid, whoever is he, I owe you my life, Dean thought while he walked to his car. He determined to find him anyway.
Have a great day ❤
"Uriel please leave me, I can't deal with you right now, please let me go," Castiel said directly looking at Uriel's face.
So Dean starts to lick Cas's neck when Cas starts to moans in his sleep and pushes his ass into his Alpha's growing cock. Dean grin at his permission and trails his hand along Cas's clothed ass, between his glorious ass cheeks into that hidden, little precious hole, which already starts to soak with Omega's slick.
"Nope I'm not kidding and I'm serious like a heart attack" Her answer was very clear.
"The first one the way you have tried to stop the blood and second, your blood donation, actually I hope that lady is very lucky because you were there at the time accident happened. And now tell me, you feel okay? Do you feel any uncomfortable or any pain after the donation"
"Woah easy boy easy, I just wanted to talk with you and ask how you doing after your little vacation," He asked with an innocent voice and all the gang started to laugh. Except for Dean.
The place was beautiful, all green with lots of indoor plants, pots a little beautiful water pond with a pouring little waterfall. In front of the door, there was the reception table and Donna was always there with a cheeky and kind smile plaster on her lips. She has always been polite and never even glance over when Dean and Castiel argued about the gifts and dating since the first day.
.....
"So when can I take you out Cas? Tell me any day you feel better" Castiel felt so bad for Dean. He should not be like this, so easy and protected with Castiel.
"Hmm okay, then Dean see you soon. Drive home safety" Cas said feeling already missing Dean.
Cas slowly slipped from the bed and walks towards the bathroom. He feels pain gets worse when he walking, but he walks slowly and gets a quick shower, then he comes back and he sits on the bed and slowly touched his hips with a towel to dry there. and he can see the Dean’s deep nail tracks. Those wounds already turn to red.
Castiel rolled his eyes.
Castiel suddenly said him to wait a minute and ran to the kitchen. He came back with two cute little bottles. And handed over them to Sam who looked at him with a surprise.
"Look at him Sam, he is so protective himself for some reason, look, he is even walking very carefully, I mean when he came to me that day, in the hospital, I noticed that he is scared of something. like he was hiding from something, and that's proven when his information is all wrong which he gave to the hospital and also he never came back to meet me, so what you think will happen if we go and talk to him right now," Mary asked while keep eyeing at the boy who still finding something from the racks.
And then they start again throwing leftover icing at each other and giggling like kids. Sam smirking at them and slowly slipped out of the kitchen.
"Oh what a shame, I thought you guys having fun last night though, what to do? your lost" Gabriel shrugged.
"And the best part is, how you only get blush that time instead of fighting him the moment he slapped your ass. And I can remember what happened to the last person who tried to touch you without your permission, so I wonder what's going on your head about this mystery prince charming of yours" Gabriel says very seriously this time.
Mary glared at him and then chuckled. When she looked at the boy her face changed again.
"Don't be stupid. I'm not planning to do something like a third class thing like that. And yes I was listening to you and I'm sorry about that. But I never expect something like that. I only wanted to know why would you used a fake name, that's it. And obviously, I'm not an asshole, your secret is safe with me" Dean explained and Castiel huffed to that angrily.
But fortunately Cas able to get into the room before Dean attacks him again as Cas close the door with a loud thud and lock it quickly. And for more protection, he drags a chair nearby and stuck it with the door lock. Cas's belly cramps as he is sick with fear right now.
But Cas was fed up with both of this boy's shit as Cas quickly walked towards his class. Without wasting time Alfie followed him after glaring at Dean once again. Dean also gave him a death glare but not followed him instead he stayed there until his friends come.
"You are an unbelievable man Dean Winchester" Castiel groaned making Dean grinning at him more.
"You know I think we can beat the Royals this coming up match without a game, heard the captain caught when making out with the coach," Michael said before laughing loudly. And whole the gang started to laugh.
Finally, they all agreed to Dean's suggestion and after few hours the meeting ended for tonight as everyone hurriedly walked out of the conference room.
"Just let me go you assholes" He shouted and pushed Alastair as much as he can as he throwback few steps back, and the bullies laughed at him. It made him angry so much. Alastair looked at him with a murder glare and the next second he slapped over Castiel's face so hard. Castiel didn't expect that as he felt on the floor with a loud sound.
"Actually, I was thinking"
*Prince Demon Dean returned the kiss with happy and Both of them started to kiss passionately.
"What's the matter, boy? it's kind of interesting. just let this man say it" Alastair smirked and signed Azazel to continue.
"Klaus and Caroline, Castiel and Oliver" Dean almost jerked up with the shock but he barely hold himself giving shocked eyes to his teacher.
"What the hell Idjit what are you doing? Are you lost your mind?" Bobby burst on Dean as he just stared at him with shock.
"You better keep eyes on mom, got it Bitch?" Dean yelled as Sam gone out.
"Mother?" Suddenly Cas asked with a very weak voice. Dean's eyes got wide. Shit, Cas must be really unconscious. That's why he hasn't got any idea what's going on with him. Dean's heart is shattered with that because the poor boy has forgotten what's going on right now. It must be like he is in a dream. That's why he calling for his mother. Maybe he never is held like this after his mother died. Maybe, but Dean isn't the perfect person to hold him like this, after all. right? Yes, Dean isn't the best person for that, but at least right now he is the only one here to help Cas, so be it. Dean felt a huge guilty feeling and a very pity for Cas. Poor boy must be going through a hard time right now. Dean closed his eyes and
Castiel felt a strange feeling but he didn't know what was that and he quickly got out of the car.
"I've got you Cas, you are safe" Dean said softly. And then Dean understood that Cas is sleeping or fainted. His eyes got wide as he tried to see his face, which was now tightly pressed into his chest.
One- Sam entered the room with his phone and one earbud inside his ear, suddenly his smiley face gone and he got shocked, his face turned to the most terrible look Cas had ever seen.
"So Clarence, the nurse said that you were suddenly disappeared yesterday, is everything all right? I hope you are fine" Mary smiled at him.
Wow, Castiel has to use Dean's phone now? What's going on with my life. Castiel stopped his thoughts and took the phone from Dean's hand.
"Oh, you will understand the relationship between pie and our family soon Sweetie. And we will talk about everything after making sure you are not cold, now first fresh clothes. And thank you so much for this and so nice of you to bring this with you"
"Cheesecake and ice cream," Mary asked pointing at the refrigerator.
But that's the exact thing that happened as Castiel didn't reply to Mary for a while but Mary could hear Castiel's long breathing suddenly. So Mary decided to say something to calm him down as she understood that Castiel definitely hiding something or having a problem. That's why he hesitated to come around and try to stay hiding.
"You gonna accept my gift Cas?"
He hit Castiel's face until it's covering with blood. And Castiel was unconscious and he didn't try to say anything only cried with pain.
"I can do it, I'm a Universal donor, I can give her blood" His voice was quick and strong that he definitely wanted to help and never had any hesitation about it.
"Man, this egg salad is awesome, Cas, you know you are a blessed cook, I must say that" Sam babbled while eating. Cas's face lit up with that along with a shy smile as he thanked Sam quietly. But surprisingly Dean was very quiet but Cas can feel his eyes on him the whole time. Dean took another bite. And he can't help but closed his eyes with the taste he felt. Cas suddenly glanced at Dean just right the moment to caught it but he tore his eyes away. Finally, Dean had it enough. The food is amazing and he can't hold it without praising the cook.
"How about on your home office table?" Dean smirks knowing that he finally checkmate Cas with that kink. Because Cas never let Dean do sex in his home office room before. Cas rolls his eyes as Dean finally caged him and he can't resist that anymore.
"Awesome, I was Born Ready " Dean smirked and jumped to his feet.
"You, boy, just stay away from my kid" He yelled and next second he stormed to the car park.
But before Castiel answer that, the doorbell went rang.
Dean : press a peck on Cas’s cheek.
He checked his phone if there would be any reply from Dean but, No. There is no any miss call or any reply. But C'mon, the man in a big meeting, so how could he message here and there with Castiel. No. that's ridiculous. He will text when he got the free time. Castiel kept telling to his heart like that.
"Please Mam, don't cry everything is okay now, God will always protect you and your family, please don't cry it's not good for you, " Castiel said with a worried voice.
"You are such a drama queen Gabriel" Castle gave him a glare and sighed.
Dean pulled him again tightly and tried to make him calm.
This time Dean started a giddy laugh.
"Yeah, and why'd you asking?" She started.
“Dean, why are you doing this to me? I never ever betray you Dean, why I’m doing that, I love you, I don’t need another man Dean, I don’t know what you talking about or why you hurting me like this, please Dean leave me and let me talk, what happening to you, you never hurt me before.” Cas cry and sobbing with pain.
"Yeah, I noticed it few days Dean, you have dumped us and sneaking around the college like you are trying to hunt down something, what's going on with you huh?" Jo questioned her cousin brother and Charlie got off her eyes from the game she was playing on her phone. Dean gulped glancing at Jo, shit Jo's sharp eyes always catching his secrets.
"Castiel, I told you, you can tell anything, ANYTHING to me and I never ever misunderstand you or never let you go, son, I promise to god I'm not gonna leave you. I promise" Mary said wiping her tears. Castiel gave her a very sad smile through his tears.
Dean gritted his teeth and shrugged his hand from his shoulder and glared at him.
Castiel was going to say something but the door opened and a doctor came out. he stopped when he saw Dean and Castiel.
"Okay Mary, thank you for everything" Castiel didn't try to argue anymore.
Then Castiel sighed as he got understand he was stuck with Dean in his amazing car here. Besides he didn't want to make Mary disappointed or drag Dean into another trouble, making his own college life more threatened over it. So he decided to be patient in this situation.
Maybe this will be controllable. Maybe I can do the same trick with Winchester. I will do the whole assignment along and give his part to him. No teamwork, no chat, no bullying, no friendly talk, no home crashing. That's it. Winchester will definitely agree with that, so no problem. Castiel planned his escape inside his head when he heard Mrs.Pamela's voice again.
"Yeah? Love? Gabe c'mon tell me who ended up being happy with love? Huh? No one? You do love, then you ended up with a broken heart that's how it worked" Castiel stated.
Dean glance at his hand, which is now on Cas's stomach, then glances at Cas's face with a questioning look.
He glanced over it for seconds, then looked at Dean with wide eyes.
"You are a fucking asshole, go to hell Winchester " She yelled at him and stormed away.
Dean looked at him like he saw a ghost.
"It's fine Cas, I swear. And I'm happy that finally, My Angel came to rescue me" Dean mumbled again as Castiel can't hold his angry face as he huffed a laugh. He put one hand on Dean's shoulder and the other on his chest. Then they slowly walked to the Car Castiel just parked in front of the building. There are four watchmen and they came to help them but Dean said everything is okay and close the office for the night.
"No problem"
The mouthwatering smell of baked apple and hint of cinnamon made Castiel's stomach growled. He got the hint as he checked the time. okay, it's time to get ready.
"What can I say Cas, even I didn't know I can flirt like this until I see you, and I hope when we meet next time you will call me Dean"
Woah, now Dean saying that he doesn't have a girlfriend? Why? Is that true? Cas was asking himself when Sam's pissed voice came on.
"Definitely cute," Grath said before drinking his drink loudly, as Dean glared at him too.
"Oh Mr. Winchester how nice of you, I'm doing great. actually Mr.Winchester I wanted to inform you something. Because I believe and if I'm not mistaken that you came to see our Castiel, just like every other day, right?" Donna asked very politely, but Dean found there is a kind of unhappiness in her voice.
Dean isn't going to go home tonight? Even after the practice? Is that because of me? Does that mean he got changed his mind again and hating me again? Is that why he ignored me and pretend like didn't see me in front of that Lisa girl? And then again he ignored me and released Alfie in the washroom. What're all these about? Cas can't understand anything. But right now he can relax because he is sure that Dean would not be in the game night today. Cas sighed before walking away.
Did you made your Christmas tree?🎄🎄🎄🎄🎄
"Who's this" Castiel understood his voice came very rudely.  it's too late but he tried again quickly.
"Are you blind now faggot? Can't you see around? Is that why you walking around like a fucking idiot" Dean yelled as he was so pissed at him right now. Everything happened because of him. Dean hated him more than anything else.
"I'm fine too son, and it's fine, actually I called you yesterday for a little invite," Mary said hoping Castiel will not be afraid of that.
"Thank god finally you got the hint, I thought you will never understand" He giggled at his own joke.
But again today is going to be worse because Cas knew Dean also in this class. And his other two friends. And on the other hand, these marks are very important to Cas. His chain of thoughts broken when he heard Mrs.Pamela started calling names.
Who's hair was very much messier than ever and directed to every side as much as possible, he was covered with sweat.
"Hey, nerd where you think you going, huh? And what's the hurry, where's the fire"
"It's okay sweetheart, it's okay. You don't have to say anything. I promise. You can get your time. I'm here for you until you come around one day. Just remember what I said. That's all" Dean's voice was soft and lovely.
Next second Dean leaned to Castiel's face and cup his cute face with his little hands then press a sweet kiss on Cas's lips but didn't get back and stayed still for seconds remaking the scene in his mind. Both of them stayed like that without even knowing what are they doing because they were just little kids and didn't know anything and had no hatred feelings in hearts. only pure kindness and love-filled hearts. Everything was some kind of experience to them, never had any kind of wrong idea on those little hearts.
"You can keep him. I know you will. it's not like you are allergic to puppies just like kittens" Castiel kept petting the puppy as he felt Dean's piercing eyes on him.
As a habit, the Football team used to hang out and getting beer sometimes in the evenings, in the dark. After a Long time, Dean also joined them today. Dean was on his baby. Laying there holding his beer. Others had a beer and smoked.
Castiel just rolled his eyes and chuckled.
And then Sam wiped his tears with a very determined face then stood up. Dean glanced at him with a glare and sigh him to stay down but Sam didn't even look at him as he stormed to the dining room.
"So Mr.Winchester you said he is your brother or cousin like that, right?" Doctor asked while they all going to his office.
This is the worst thing Castiel can think about. he never wanted Mary to think about him like that no, no, no, please. He felt very sick and he wanted to throw up. And then Castiel was going to say that he wasn't a liar. But then it happened, he felt like the room spinning, and then he was on the floor. then everything went blur.
It's been freaking six months. yes, full Six months and still when Castiel comes out from the office, Dean freaking Winchester will sit outside of the office, in the huge guest area with something new, something different kind of gift in his hand.
"No mom, there is no one named Clarence in the college with the same features as you explain, and also I went to the address he had given to the hospital, but mom I don't know why but there is no house in that address, I feel like he had given some wrong details mom," Dean said.
"Ohhh Dean aahh feels so good. Uh uh" Cas moaned and shivered with the pleasure he felt as Dean continuously pounding into him.
.....
Dean grind.
"It's kinda strange. The two questions you asked me now, it's strange. First the word, 'true mates' it's kinda related to you even you think it's a joke, in present. And then Demons. You are a great warrior but you have never deal with them even once. Very strange Cassie, but right now let me tell you the answers what I can think about your questions"
"Checked," Sam said quickly while open the fridge and grabbing the ice cream tub and looking for the cheesecake.
He scared the thought if Dean understands that too. But Dean only grinned at him from the side of the bouquet.
"Oh damn, I remember that Dean telling that. It's an amazing man, I mean you guy's relationship" Azazel said that examining Castiel's face Very carefully.
Every time Dean rubbed his fingers over Cas’s prostate and Cas cries out with pleasure. Cas is mumbling and whimpering, begging for Dean.
"Okay dude, you know I'm sorry okay, didn't mean to bring the past, but wanted to tryto ask that favor, hmm okay anyhow give my love to Mary, and drive safe bitch" Charlie wanted to cool down him.
Cas :
"Dean?"
"Oh my god, Cas I'm so sorry, I'm a huge idiot, I should have warned you before I go to bring the mop. I forgot that" But Cas quickly cut off him with a bubbling laugh.
"Um son me and my two sons want to invite you to a dinner over my house, and I would be very happy if you will come," Mary said very patiently not wanting to panic Castiel.
"What? Aren't they our friends? don't be rude Dean"
"I got you, baby. Cum for me sweetheart" Dean moans into Cas's slit as he is fucking Cas's pussy with his tongue and fingers while fuck his asshole with his fingers using his other hand.
// Hey Beautiful,
"Dean I heard that, and behave," Sam lowly said before opening the door.
"Well, well, well, baby, what we got here, looks like your tits are not the only thing enjoying my tongue. Your pussy seems like enjoying it too when I ruined your delicious tits. Look at that huge wet patch baby. You are leaking so bad, So beautiful and sexy. And fuck, The aroma of your juices make me crazy baby"
Okay, it seems Dean apologizing or something like that? Cas is not sure what is he doing.
Dean just nodded at the boy and walked towards the poolside office of Coach Singer. He gulped and stand in front of the door having no idea about why his uncle Bobby called him right now. Normally uncle Bobby or Swimming coach Singer never called him like this if it's not important.
Actually, he loved to cook and bake. He still remembers the way his mom used to bake pies and cakes for him. Even he was a little kid those days he learned everything from her. But now he barely baking because of few reasons.
"You and this Alfred or Alphabet guy?" Cas almost laughed at those names Dean mentioned. But he reminded himself of what Dean is trying to do here.
Cas was on his bed early that evening. He can't understand why he can't forget about that Demon prince. Every second when he closes his eyes, the only thing he can see is Dean. Why? Of course, that Demon is a bit different, and of course ridiculously handsome and strong. But Cas can't be like this. He is the hope of his kingdom. As the only royal Omega Angel, he got a huge responsibility on his shoulders.
Dean closed his locker after grabbing his dirty football jacket and push it inside his bag. He was so tired after the evening practice. Dean was kept checking the time during the whole practice though. He wanted to practice to end quickly then he can go to the hospital and check on his mother. Dean didn't want to stay evening for the practice but Mary was strictly telling him to go for it because she knew Dean already skipped 4 days. Finally, Dean agreed but he never felt that he should go to it. Sam promised to visit mom and Dean being happy about his little brother to get growing up and trying to do things to make sure their family is doing okay. But that's his responsibility, he has to take care of his family. After all, he still thought his family got cracked because of him.
"Ohh hey Sweetie look at me honey, it's fine Dean, that's just not even a problem. I swear that's not your fault what happened to me and you came here as soon as you got the news and I can see that" Mary tried to comfort him and she smiled at him softly.
"Fuck, baby I can't get enough of your nipples, god so hot, so sexy"
"Hey, Sammy" Dean normally not be that much polite to knock on the door instead burst into the room most of the time. but right now he didn't want to piss off Sam as he slowly knocked on his door.
"Mmmmm Cas so good baby... Ahh love your lips more right now"
On the other hand, Dean was dying to hug Castiel again. and maybe press a little kiss to Castiel's cheek. And of course, a tiny little kiss to the corner of Cas's mouth wouldn't hurt anyone. Yeah, a great plan Winchester. But at the same time, he didn't want to scared Castiel. So Dean cleared his throat before he doing some stupid thing like pulled Castiel to his chest and kiss the hell out of him as he wanted the way since he saw Castiel for the first time.
Dean smiles.
Dean was a little kid at that time and had not a big idea what his Dad was trying to tell him. But those speeches even successful to grow hate in his little heart at that age but with time Castiel became only a memory and of course Dean never forgets about him. But he never felt this kind of strong hateness, detestation toward Castiel before.
“Damn boys, looks like all of you guys have forgotten who really am I, right. Maybe I should show you and remember you all”
I couldn't able to update on date as I decided to make it a a long episode.
In the evening Cas came home early but Dean messages him to inform him that he will be late because he got a meeting in the office.
Cas never expect Dean to be this gentle with him as Cas just watched the way Dean closing his eyes and moved, with a surprised face. Then he quickly fixed his towel and got up from the floor. And he quickly grabbed his clothes which Sam was left earlier.
Soon, Mary started to prepare dinner but she did most of all the things as Cas and Sam were there chatting and laughing with Mary.
"Hmm not bad quite nice room, mainly very clean more than Sammy's room and mine. then it smells like you which I find amazing" Okay Castiel staring blush again. He just cleared his throat.
"Yes Cas, YOU are the only one who cares about me like this besides my family. And it's so sweet of you. It's making me feel better and making me more crazy about you. Can you understand what I'm saying?" Dean's voice is so sweet and serious.
The whole day also went in a normal way. they went to the office together came back together, got dinner together. Dean got a call from his brother Sam to discuss their family party on the upcoming weekend. Then finally it come to bedtime. Cas was in the bed before Dean, and he was curled like a cat under their covers. Dean came from his back and runs his hand on Cas’s back while pressing a warm kiss on Cas’s back of the neck, slowly moves his hand on one of Cas’s thighs then softly nibs on the neck.
"Seriously? Mr. Winchester, you were here yesterday at exactly the same time and we were talking just like this yesterday, in right here" He said politely as much as he could, without showing his anger.
"What? How you even..." Cas starts giving a death glare to Dean but suddenly he reminds him that he is fully naked. even his whole body is covering with thick milk, He is still fully naked in front of this powerful Alpha who was flirting with him yesterday morning.
"Nothing Gabe, it's nothing, I think I'm feeling a bit tired, maybe I should get an early sleep today," Cas says trying to be casual because he knows how annoying Gabriel can be if he gets any clue that he is hiding something.
"What? Are you insane man, how could you tell that Castiel is fine when he got a family problem, he is definitely not okay, and as I know him he will never rush Like that leaving his work if it's not an emergency" Dean interrupted Sam angrily. Sam rubbed his face and held it in his hands.
"Hey by the way how did you know that I'm allergic to kittens, looks like someone secretly interesting in me? Are you stalking me, Castiel Novak?" Dean smirked at him.
"Prince Sam, I want you to tell me everything you know"
"Okay, thank you. Of course, you don't know anything about me" It's slipped in his mouth again and Castiel cursed himself again. The last thing he wanted now was making Dean pissed off.
"Mary, my beloved friend, I do everything I can do for him, for our beloved Prince, but I need to do some test first, but I already gave him essential remedies as needed" King John suddenly walk into Queen Many.
"Oh my god, how did you get that right now?"
Both of them looked at each other with an open mouth.
"Aahh finally, give it to meee" Gabriel sang and held his hands for Dean.
"Dean, if you are so sure that you are not gay and you are not having feelings for the nerd, then proved that, let's make a bet," Azazel said with a sly grin with his bloody mouth.
"Ouch, no kiss Cas?"
Please tell me what you think about my fic? 😍😍 love to hear from you.
"Baked vegetables"
"How many times do I have to tell you that I am not your omega, you stupid, dumb demon"
"She is beautiful Mr. Winchester, seems like she's in good hands. She is marvelous and shining"
"Dean please don't stop babyy" He moans.
Suddenly Dean cleared his throat and looked everywhere but Cas. With that Cas also understood that he was staring back at Dean without even knowing what he was doing. Sandwich, yeah Dean was offering him a Damn Sandwich with all suspicious reasons in the world.
Dean didn't know what to do, but he was beyond angry. He didn't want to be here, to attend this bullshit. He hated the gang and he hated Castiel too.
Castiel just looked at their connected hands and nodded.
"See you soon Cas" Dean winked at Castiel then he walked out of the room still laughing.
Dean looked at very panicked Cas.
Castiel got blush within seconds.
Dean knew Castiel is not doing good. Castiel can be badass and cheeky but after all these times slowly exploring Castiel, Dean knew inside Castiel is so soft and breakable. Especially when it became to people he cares for and loves. So the only thing Dean wanted right now is to be with Castiel, to Confort him. So while the ride to the hospital Dean got few calls to few people to make sure everything is under control.
Castiel looked into his eyes.
"Why'd you even care" His voice is no emotion.
"Who the fuck Balthazar is? Why he wants to come inside of your chambers?" Dean mouths again grabbing Cas's wrists. Cas rolls his eyes. Putting his finger on Dean's lips signing again not to talk.
"GET OUT DEAN" with that Dean understand what he was doing and he jumped back and closed the door the next second.
Dean got a goofy smile on his face as Castiel continued.
"Castiel's eyes were shining for the whole time.
"Because I can't resist anymore Cas"
“Oh, Babe… aah ” Cas keep moaning and licks his lips.
"Yeah of course never thought we both meet at the same college after years. So, Dean how are you, I did wonder sometimes where would you live and how you doing, coz I didn't see you after the elementary school"
“Dean, Dean, Look, it’s not like you been a psycho because of you going to a psychiatrist, okay? It’s just an illness, just like a normal day headaches or cold, so we have to meet a doctor then get some medicine, then it will be gone. It's very simple. Okay? It’s nothing. Not a big deal babe, believe me. And besides, this only between you and me, no one will know about this, even our parents. I promise you. And about the Balthazar, because he likes to hit on me, he will never ever play with his patients, babe he is a family friend, family Doctor, so do you think he will do any bad to us?, no we have to do this babe” Cas calmly says Dean but Dean rolls his eyes.
"Okay but you know what, it makes sense. Coz a gorgeous guy like you definitely need some protection around you. but I'm afraid your pepper spray will do the job, may I suggest you a proper idea Cas?"
The Demon Alpha prince, Dean Fucking Winchester is in his tub with him. And making it's more disaster, Cas is naked right now.
"Gabe you think it's funny? God I got a shock of my life, I have never seen you like that" Castiel said almost crying and Gabriel's smiley face changed into an emotional.
"Woah, you are definitely not my Cas" He murmured making Castiel chuckled nervously. Because Castiel had no idea that Dean was okay with giving him more time, or not.
Dean chuckled softly as he saw Cas's embarrassed face.
Castiel looked at that in awe. Then got it to his hands, quickly opening it to see what he got for his dating request today. He had a full understanding of what he was doing. He had never even touched anything Dean gifted him before. Of course besides puppy and Roses. But today he was asked to show his gift to him. And of course, he had already eaten an apology cupcake baked by Dean Winchester. Castiel Novak, you are going too fast. And giving this poor human a huge hope.
Dran brought some coffee and a water bottle for Cas. But Cas didn't drink coffee only drank a little bit of water.
What if Cas already got a decision after I went to his home? What if Cas decided that he don't want me at all? What if anyone already flirting with him in his office right now? Dean's mind started to give him question by question as Dean slowly rubbed his forehead unable to control himself.
"Can you please move now?"
Castiel tried his best to stop Gabriel. Because he knew how hard his brother working and he didn't want him to use his only free hours for driving home.
"Hey Dean, see what I have found, it's a video clip of your wedding, but it's all about me and Gabe's flirting, huh huh look how cute he was" they heard Sam's voice near the door as Cas's eyes went high.
"I really want to say something to you right now, but I don't want to scare you, so I holding it to myself for right now, but at least I want to say that, I like you so much" Dean's voice came hoarse and strong. Like he really meant that.
"Then you will accept me as a friend in front of the whole college? Or just only when we are alone? Or you gonna introduce me to your " Best friends"? And your others besties from the football team? Huh? Is that so? And then what? You can pull your dirty joke over me and maybe hit me too" Cas said while tears started to falling over his cheeks.
"I can't resist you anymore"😍😍
"What? Why is that? I can't understand Mom, why'd we hiding like this" Sam asked with a very confused voice and he was kind thinking that his mother is acting like weird.
.....
"Hmm but only this one, and don't even think about to bring more animals ever again" Castiel threatened while took the puppy to his chest. It was warm and god it's smells like Dean. Great.
Please let me know what you think about the chapter.
So This chapter is very important to me 😍 because I have imagined this scene long time ago and I couldn't write it those time.
"Cas, but why? Why do you hate me this much?, I mean you even don't know about me"
"How did you get my number?"
I just wanted to wish him.
"Yeah was gonna go," Azazel said while shoving carelessly few students who passed around him.
"My love, you sure you want me to stop playing with your delicate pussy?"
Dean was an angry mess, he ignored the football team and hang out with Charlie Benny and Jo's classes, even he was not in those classes. When the college end he said goodbye to his friends and walked towards the parking lot when he sees Castiel. Castiel was also walking out in the College building. He didn't see Dean. He was walked a bit uncomfortably. Dean saw his face clearly when he turned around to go to the main gate and Dean's heart shattered with the guilty. Castiel's lips, his beautiful pinky lips were cracked and Dean can see that from here. He cursed himself and got into the Impala and Drew it fast away from the college.
"Cas, look I'm sorry, I just.." Dean started but before he says anything else cold hands wrapped around him messily and he heard a soft sob near his ear.
"No Mr. Winchester, how could I?"
"Sweetheart, are you kidding me right now? I was always dying to eat something made by your hands, just give it to me please?" Dean burst out and Castiel felt a relief. He nodded enthusiastically as Dean pulled out from their long hug a bit hesitantly.
"Clarence, please Come inside quickly. oh god, you are shivering, what happened to you son? You are okay?" Mary's voice is so concerned and Sam was staring at him like seeing a ghost. Mary pulled him inside the house and closed the door.
"What is he doing?" Michael asked with a wondering voice.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh don't even think about it Ben son, you gotta work hard too, I'm not gonna do your part this time" Charlie slapped on his shoulder earning an ouch from Ben. Dean only chuckled but his whole attention was aiming at Mrs.Pamela.
Damn Cas making me go nuts. You have no idea how much I love you Cas. But you will eventually understand that. And you will love me as much as I love you. I can't wait for that day though. He thought and a beautiful smile spreading on his face.
Within seconds everything was arranged and Gabriel took for the operation. Castiel just watched everything with wide eyes. After Gabriel took inside the operation theater Castiel grabbed Dean's hand.
Dean just stared at him with a blank look.
Castiel felt a strange feeling but nodded at him anyways.
Seconds pass and then minutes. But nothing happens. There is no sign of Dean evenly. Cas wants to cry again. Where is his Dean?
"Come let's sleep, you gonna get a nice and warm sleep then in the morning I'm gonna make your favorite breakfast for my baby, okay?" Cas says in a lovely voice as he trying to make Dean feels good. To make relieve his stresses a bit.
Mary and Sam were in the kitchen and they were talking about what happened.
Castiel smiles and humms.
See, Castiel was right. Dean is a real gentleman. He never tried to even remember his dating proposals today. Wow if he wanted he could pull out his teasing, flirting mode. But he never acted like that. He is a real nice guy. Cas thought staring at him. when he spoke up again, his voice was so soft.
"Still angry with me?" Dean asked leaning a bit more into Cas. Cas moved away from him and sit away from him a bit like Sam's seat is empty now.
"Charlie just, just be honest with this okay, just tell me what you genuinely think okay," He said thinking about how he gonna put this out.
"Oh, you sure about that Cassie? You sure that you were not daydreaming about that handsome Demon prince of Winchester?" Gabriel asks wiggling his brows and Cas whirls around his head so fast and looks at his brother with fearful wide eyes.
"Dean" He whispers back. And then he wipes his eye to see clearly as he can see that man also wiping his face copying Cas.
"Um, yes of course Donna, I'm here for him, why'd you ask like that, is everything alright?" Dean asked with a bit concerned voice.
"Dean please leave me, you have to go to your chamber now before guards realize that you are missing"
Castiel knew that was not good.
Castiel slowly put those on his car which he was parked a few steps behind them. Then he stands face to face with Dean.
At that moment Alfie sighed and came closer to Castiel.
Dean was pissed at Sam for making him go out to the market to bring a vegan eggnog for his brother in law, while it's heavily snowing outside and cold.
"Nooo, Okay? I said I don't want to prove anything you assholes, Azazel that's it, c'mon give me your fucking phone, and stop your bullshit, this is too much, don't go too far which you can't hold my punches"
After the class, Alfie mentioned that he is going to collect Meg from her class and they are going to work on their projects again and asked Cas to join with them. But Cas said he also has some studies to complete as he walked down to their personal hanging out space edge of the college playground. The tree Cas always loved to sit and do his studies.
"Damn baby don't do that, you don't know what you doing this to me when you blushes like that, I'm gonna eat you alive" Dean groaned.
Castiel was wiping his tears, cursing for his weird hormones. Why in the hell I'm crying, I'm the one who said no to him. It's my choice. So why am I being sad like this? God I know zero about the guy, I can't even ask Sam about him as he said. Hell like I'm gonna do it. Never. Never. I can't. Sam is my boss. And even though I never trust rich people and of course I never trust love. Till now I have never seen a true love so I don't wanna make my heartbreak. so this is good. the way I live it's fine with me. I'm okay with being single, no dates, no love. Castiel determined again when he was about to lose it. But he was still shocked by the thing that happened to him earlier.
So this is his first chance and he is gonna test the waters.
"And how would I know that you didn't poison it? Cas asked and Dean never turned that much fast. His face filled with disbelief emotions.
Castiel felt a trace of bitterness in his heart and he didn't know why. but he felt very upset. He wanted to call Gabriel and tell him to not come today because he wanted to crash on his bed and cry. But cry over what? He never liked the guy. So why his heart falling like this to the news he discovered right now.
Half naked? (shit I missed his gorgeous nipple) (concentrate Winchester Concentrate! Focus! )
"Yes Dean, then I asked who is that, the doctor said when the accident happened there was a boy and he had stopped me bleeding out by using a cloth on my wound and when the ambulance came he also has volunteered for the blood donate as he is a universal donor, and Doctor said he saved me doing both actions and it's a miracle because I was lost lots of blood at that time," Mary said and Dean's heart shattered the mentioning of how her mother's life was in a danger.
discomfiture, and the thoughts of how Dean will react now.
Castiel staring at Dean as slowly walking into his personal space. Then put his free hand on Dean's chest before leaning into his face pressing a soft kiss on Dean's right cheeks making Dean freeze.
"And you don't have to be awful of my gifts, and god never think like you are using me. It's ridiculous. I just bring these gifts because I lo.., um.. because I want you to have them, because I want you to be happy, and want to see your smile, you understand?" Dean asked. And Cas nodded again but a bit hesitantly.
Castiel was sitting in the study area when Dean roaming all over the college searching for him. When Dean finally found him the first thing he did was scan the area like an eagle to check whether was it secure to talk with Castiel. To his relief, there were no many students in there but only two nerd girls and three more nerds boys were there minding their own business. Dean was sure that they will never notice even Dean dance here because they just attached to their books like glue.
He smirked as he planned to do the worst thing to both Dean and Castiel.
.....
"But to be honest he was trying to hide something just like Mom mentioned before, I don't know actually what it is" Sam added.
"Hmm you know Cas, don't worry about that though. Coz I'm the boss, so not a big trouble to get a day off" Dean said winking at Castiel as finally, Castiel nodded at him.
Castiel was crying loudly without even knowing what's happening and what to do. He only knew his Best friend dragged by his very pissed off Daddy, and his cry goes to high with that. Dean also started crying, telling his daddy that let him go, he wants to check Castiel and also wanted to play the match. But John never let go of Dean's hand and kept walking to their car.
Mary said with a sad face.
Dean obviously saw the way the light of Cas's face gotten dark as soon as he turned around and saw Dean. And it's a really sad thing to see but It's okay, he will come around soon. Dean quickly hid his emotions.
"Yeah but I touched it first and it's mine"
Finally, Castiel looked at Dean with clear eyes. Very beautiful blue eyes were shining, making them more beautiful.
Dean grabbed Cas’ trench coat and press him to the wall, pinned him against the wall.
Well I don't know, will see. But hope you like my fic 😇😍
"Hey Cas" His voice was very happy and excited.
Then suddenly he noticed it as he gasped looking at this new flower beds he made few days ago. Those all new flower beds Cas made and planted all the bee-friendly seeds Dean had gifted him were grown up. All the seeds have germinated and there were tiny, tiny leaves all over the area. Cas looked at them with a awe. It's a breathtaking view for any gardener as his face lit with a beautiful smile and without even knowing he started to do a little dance over the joy of new plants. He shook his ass and hands all in the air.
"Cassie? Castiel" Gabriel calls loudly as Cas jumps out of his thoughts, not having any idea of what's going on around him.
"Okay, then cool" Dean agreed.
But next second Cas's phone starts to ringing again and Cas opens his eyes to sneak into it. He moans before the breaking kiss.
Castiel laughed.
"It's not any of your business," Cas said quietly but also no anger in his voice this time. Dean didn't tell anything but kept staring at Cas still blocking his way.
Suddenly Sam's frustrated voice came as a yell, breaking the spell. And making both Dean and Cas shocked again as they looked over at door.
"I don't know Sam, did you see that poor kid's face, I'm so upset about him Sam, I'm so sad about him," Mary said with a real upset tone.
"Oh it's fine, actually I'm glad to help the patient"
"See you tomorrow?"
"Dude, no. I'm not. How many times do I have to tell you that I'm done with that? I'm not going to do anything against Cas, just don't judge me every freaking second" Dean burst out.
"What, you are not good Cas, not good, you should have told me. okay but how about the second one?" Dean asked.
Cas starters awake in the morning, he stays there for like that few minutes and suddenly he feels a huge pain in his hips, he looks down and he remembers everything happens a few hours before. It makes him shiver and he starts to cry slowly. he can’t understand what happened or what Dean was talking about, even he never heard Benny name before.
The next day in the college Castiel was in a huge fear. He didn't know what to expect from Dean Winchester. He believed all of his words from yesterday were lies, maybe a part of his prank which he is gonna pull any time right now. Castiel's heart going uneasy every time when someone talking behind him or someone brushed past him.
"Leave my hand Winchester, I already apologize but on the other hand I can say you the same because you even didn't see me coming, so are you blind too?" With that Castiel yanked his hand away from Dean's death grip. And next second he started to run. He heard Dean cursed and other's laugh. Castiel felt he is getting a panic but he started to whisper it's okay, it's okay, you are okay, nothing happens to you, like a mantra while he  was running.
"It's okay Cas you can hit me as much as you want, but please try to see who are we. Please try harder to see our bond my Omega" Dean pleads but earns another few punches from Cas.
"Okay, okay, fine" Dean held his hands up and muttered. And then he opened his car door again to get other gift bag he brought. It's a little bit bigger more than the earlier bag.
"Hmm you stay honey. I will go and check baby, you get some sleep" Dean says in sleepy voice and press a kiss to Castiels's temple, still closing his eyes.
"Yes, yes. Everything is fine, I'm on my way to my morning class Alfie, why'd you join me" Cas asked nicely but slowly removed Alfie's hand off his waist.
Cas knows what Dean is asking for, he also needs that but he can't, for Angel's sake he can't, not yet, not now, he can't get a risk. They were in a middle of a war. Everything is dangerous right now.
"Heyya Cas"
Hello again. So sorry for the long break. But I'm gonna do this fic now and promise to do my best.
Cas said without breaking the eye contact.
"And he was fucking gorgeous and I couldn't help myself but wanted to flirt with him, it made him angrier, and then, then" Dean burst out laughing. and Sam chuckled with him a bit.
"I'm glad you understand everything about me Sweetheart"
"Who the hell told you that bullshit?"
Please let me know what you think about it again with your comments💞
"Yeah... Ok, ok, so then in the morning, the kid made us breakfast too. And it was delicious Mom, you should have been here I'm telling you, god it was good" Dean said acting dramatically as Mary stopped her work and turned to face Dean with a questioning look.
It broke Cas and he cried out loud. "oh yes babe I love it, want your cum inside me, want your baby, want you. Mmmhhhaa gonna cum Babe aahh Dean" and then Cas cummed untouched , with a loud moan and clench around Dean's cock, shooting white cum all over his belly.
So how's it? Tell me?
Cas Sweetheart - //bye sweetheart, xo xo//
"Dean, please, please don't do this. You are hurting me. Please try to remember Dean. this is not you, please come back don't do this. Dean, please let me go"
"Oh No, I mean no I did not mean that, you are not old. You are definitely not old. I mean I can see that. And I mean yes yes you are right. Um yeah I will try"
Castiel could see the sudden light of Dean's sad face.
Both of them didn't notice that someone was looking at them since Castiel came to his locker.
"Even Sam let Cas pick a movie, and you know what he picked, Harry Potter" Dean chucked.
"Hmm, but Dean, I think you should take care of yourself a bit more. I mean Don't put a lot on you that much, just take it easy. I know how hard you working, so just take some time for you too"
"Castiel, what's the matter, we just here to check on you, coz we saw you are not ok, you like you are not okay, just as Charlie said here"
"But, Cas seriously I know you forget about your clothes because you worried that much about me, and that's what makes me feel better Angel" Dean stopped to get a full breath.
"Um, yes mam it's Clarence. I.. am.. Aaa, I just wanted to check that how you doing.. You know um..." Castiel said with a blush tone.
"No, I'm not going to sit here with you, at the same table, I'm not stupid that much, now leave my hands" Castiel pulled his hands back but they are started to hurting too because Dean's grip is too tight.
"Well, Alfie had seen you running out of the corridor, and then we started to find you. Actually, we couldn't find you easily but glad we found you at the time" Meg said pulling her hand of Castiel's shoulder and make him sit on the chair in the cafeteria. Then others also sat with him.
"What was that?" He asked.
"Yeah Cas"
A frown creased Dean's forehead as he cleared his throat.
"My goodness, Benny here look at this cut, fuck it's a long cut" Suddenly Sam yelled carefully touching the around the wound in Dean's neck.
"God, Dean... can you understand how rude that comment is? What's wrong with you?" Jo complained as Charlie laughed at them.
“Dean! What?, what the fuck are you talking about? Who is Benny? If this is a joke, it’s the rudest one you have ever done.” Cas’s voice is shaded with a little warning tone but also confusing.
"Mary, Sam, Clarence is not my name. My name is Castiel Novak" Mary and Sam looked at each other then chuckled a little bit. Then Mary glance over Castiel. Kindly smiling at him.
"You fuckers, you think you did a great job? Huh? You know what Michael, you can't get decisions on your own. I will take care of this and you all gonna be face to the consequences"
"Resist looking at you, resist touching you, resist kissing you, I can't hold it anymore Cas, every second you make me crazy about you more and more, so I'm so done with waiting and hiding" Dean whispers placing a wet kiss on Cas's neck.
Castiel nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard Dean's shout.
"Huh? Do you know what is your problem faggot? You think you have a smart mouth, isn't it?"
"Yes Sammy I think I'm totally in LOVE with Cas"
"Cas, it's okay, I actually like staying here. Can we stay here a bit? Although I'm in a hurry also wanted to talk to you" Dean said.
Cas didn't want to think about it more and made his mind crazy so he decided to let his thoughts go away and going to the class peacefully.
Dean was still staring at him with shining heart eyes.
"Yes Dean"
“Hold on babe, I’m gonna give it to you” Dean lifts Cas’s legs and settles between his legs. Cas wraps his legs around Dean. Then quickly Dean applies some lube on his own cock and stork it few times before lines himself up and rubs his cock over Cas’s well-opened hole.
“No, don’t come any closer to me, I mean it Dean, don’t touch me, and just get the hell out of the room. Go away” Cas start to cry and he is really shaking because of the fear.
"What? didn't know that you are gay just like your twin sister" Dean couldn't stop his sarcastic comment as Charlie punched him in his shoulder.
"Welcome, Clarence we were wai..oh god, son what happened" Mary was going to say they were waiting for him but as soon as he saw Castiel her face got shocked. Castiel was on her doorstep shivering and all wet and muddy. Water droplets were falling off his whole body even from his hair.
Castiel opened and closed his mouth a few times but words didn't come. This is so embarrassing.
"Actually Dean, I don't know how you got to know about that, please tell me?" Castiel asked and Sam interrupted suddenly.
Castiel just glared more.
“Oh yeah babe, me too, uh…please harder, aah harder
"Oh c'mon Cassie Love, you know I can make you feel better, let me in, I will kiss you better my darling" Cas's mouth fell open at the same time Dean's jaw clenched.
"Really? Well now everything is fine and we are here. Soo.." Castiel didn't complete but wait to see Dean's reaction teasingly.
Mary and Sam cooked and prepared dinner quickly. Actually, Sam can't cook but he helped his Mom at his best and when it's 4.30 they finished all and the whole kitchen was smelled like heaven.
Dean's hand clenched and he looked at Azazel and others blast into the laugh.
"Because you guys had a sleepover without telling Mom"
*What On Earth is Castiel Doing Here, in my room, half-naked?
"Cassie, if you remember, when we were little pups, we used to hear this word always. I mean maybe in our pup storybooks, or maybe from bedtime stories our mother or our nannies used to tell us. But.." Gabriel stops and thinks more.
Okay I really enjoy written this one because I really love love love Flirty Dean and shy Cas😍😍
"Go away I'm not gonna say twice" He groaned back as Alfie get the hint, but he didn't left Castiel, he just stood there helplessly. At that point, Charlie also ran out there. She didn't involved yet but she was determined to stop Dean, if he try to hurt Castiel.
So have a great day 😍
"Dean it's already stopped raining. just go, NOW" Mary yelled this time Dean ran to his room.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah okay fine. Mom, tell him that I wouldn't be home tomorrow night. I got football practice so you guys can have your stupid night, however, I also don't interesting in those childish games" Dean said grumpy way as Mary smiled.
"Yes Sam I can see that, did you ate it" Mary glared at him.
"Oh, is that so. Um, good, I mean sounds like you are having a good time. Shit, not like other way. I mean I didn't mean it in other, other way. Okay, god I'm so screwed up" Dean babbled like an idiot, and unexpectedly he heard Cas burst out laugh very loudly at that, making a little bit of relief on Dean as Dean also grinned like an idiot.
"Yes Cas, but before I'm going I wanted to greet you, so you are not going to invite me to your room Cas?"
But hey, the kid got kinda fair point. Dean was his first and most loveable kiss when he last checked by the way. Of course, they were kids, but he still can feel Dean's lips, how much love and care filled in that kiss. So he got kinda right for fall him.
"Um, I'm on my way to college Sam, is everything ok?"
Dean kisses all over Cas's face and then finally he licks Cas's soft plump pink lips.
"Dean, please tell me how you even know about that?" Castiel pealed.
"Dean, I'm not shoving you away, just give me a second, you are not gonna sleep on an empty stomach, not on my watch," Castiel said as Dean lift his head until he can see Castiel's face clearly.
Castiel looks at his completely zoned-out brother.
Dean kept checking on his watch hoping maybe this director gathering will ending by Monday, not dragging to Tuesday too. But unfortunately, they all decided that they should discuss more and definitely they have to participate tomorrow too. As the boss, Dean can't act unprofessionally and disagree with that. So finally he agreed to the decision and concentrating on the meeting properly this time.
Dean clapped like crazy and he almost whistles on Castiel, but barely hold himself when Sam and Gabe give him a pointed look.
Dean was standing out of the main door and still beside the Rose petal path he made for Cas.
Dean looked at Charlie with a surprising gesture.
"God bless you, Mary, see you soon" With that, he smiled at her and slowly walked out of the room.
Charlie nudged Dean and asked with a frown.
Cas cries out with every thrust as he feels Dean nails his sweet spot again and again.
"Oh my sweet god Cas, do you carry pepper spray with you?" Dean asked through his laugh.
Dean grins. Pushing his cock another inch into the wet, tight heat of Cas. And he forgets everything as his head falls back and his eyes close.
How's it? Tell me everything?
Cas see it and he gasps, his eyes go wide as closing his mouth with his hand.
Well, what you think?
Dean can't believe what he heard. They knew exactly what is his weak points and they hitting on them. He can't be lost the chance to play this match. It's the first match he playing after he came back to college and maybe he can fix his family issues with the match. He knew his Dad damn like to see he play and won a football match after a long time. So this is his chance to show him who he is and he is still his man of the man son. But that bet. It's directly driving him to his nightmare. No no no there must be another way. He will find it. He will figure out something else.
Dean quickly leans over and takes those kiss swollen lips once again and kisses his lover passionately.
"Okay son"
"Hi" He murmured smiling with him.
"Coz I brought them?"
"Oh yeah? You know Novak you don't know about my mom yet" Dean huffed.
However Sunday afternoon Gabriel went back to his bakery and as usual, Cas surrounded by his usual loneliness.
"I love you Dean"
"No baby I'm not letting you go today, not again, please sweetheart" Dean whispers into Cas's ears and licks it slowly taking his time, massaging inside of it with the tip of his tongue. His one hand rubs his thumb over Cas's hard nipple, still over his silk dress.
"Please stay Cas, I promise I won't hurt you," Dean said softly almost like whispering and leaning into Castiel a bit. Castiel didn't know how to react to that or what should do as he felt his heartbeat getting speed.
"Yeah, just as usual you are covering his underworld work, isn't it baby?" Jo frowned at her girlfriend.
"Yeah and I came to check out that you are okay, because Dean was not doing good either. he just kept talking about you and worried that maybe you get upset with the incident, so I wanted to tell you that Dean is not upset with you, actually it's kind of the opposite, " Azazel said with a grin on his face.
"Cas, don't do that"
"No, actually maybe it's my fault. You don't need to be inside, it's okay and Just bring back those soldiers too, tell them to stop the search, and thank you for helping me" Cas always been polite to his servants and soldiers. That's why the whole kingdom loves Cas so much.
He licks and sucks Cas's lips while Cas tasting himself from Dean's lips. Dean is smiling when they apart for the air.
Dean was very quiet, glancing at Castiel's way, now he is a few steps in front of them.
"are you fucking kidding me, babe, I can't... I can't just..." and that's it. Then next second two things happened.
Dean just let go of Alastair but still glaring at the team.
Castiel took it and sign when the boy went to his van to bring the parcel.
"Dean? Are you kidding me" Charlie asked.
"Don't be like what" Castiel shots out. His voice was definitely angry now.
"Yeah? So let's say you are not friended with the football team anymore, but why'd they suddenly stopped bullying me? It does not make any sense?"
"Um, actually Mom wanted to say something to you, I guess" Sam babbled and Cas's forehead furrowed.
"It was allergic, sometimes allergies hit the patient heart and that's very dangerous. She was in that situation. But nothing to worry about now, We already gave her injection and antibody treatments and now she is 100%fine, you can see her after she wake-up"
And then that made Castiel over the edge and he blushed harder until he was scarlet and roasting hot.
"No problem. Well, I almost forgot that you are in the middle of your bath. So I would hang up now, I don't want you to catch cold or something. So finish your bath peacefully" Dean chuckled.
Castiel sighed heavily.
Dean just pulled the chair next to Castiel was sitting and fell into it making Castiel jumping with the sudden sound. Because Castiel never expected Dean to come to this table too. Dean glanced over Castiel as soon as he sat there and started to talk before Castiel go and sit another table or leave the library.
(See the end of the chapter for
"God Dean it's so big, massive, and giant"
Dean winked at him.
He closed his eyes and focus on cleaning the dirt out of his body and hair. He got the shower quickly as possible. Damn everything smells like Dean. Everything remembering him. Cas closed his eyes again. This is a mistake. He shouldn't come into this bathroom. Shit. He curses and quickly got the towel Sam offered him.
So obviously it's not a huge party or something, and of course, there is nothing, something like he had to impress someone. So no fancy stuff just comfortable is the main point as always. So he chose to wear a white shirt written "I love bees" With a bee who had a business suit, a tie, and a briefcase. He loved that shirt. There is no one to call him a nerd or to judge him there. so it would be fine to wear it. And of course, no one gonna see it because he always wore his light blue cool sweaters on it. So no problem indeed because he is not gonna remove the sweater.
Have a great day my friends 😍😍
Warning! Abuse, violence
“Don’t apologies Dean, we passed that before”
"Are you even real?" Cas put a step closer and acting like he is trying to touch something invisible over Dean. Dean shyly laughed at his attempt.
When Dean was settled at the dinner table, Castiel brought the food from the microwave.
Dean, slowly, very, very slowly leaned in and stopped near Cas's neck as his hot breath touched Cas's neck. Cas just stayed still, couldn't be able to move, and without any idea of what's going to happen to him. And he didn't know what should he do. Slowly he felt a familiar feeling rising through him. Oh god not now, not again in Winchester house. It's a panic attack. Cas started to breathe a little bit harder.
"Dean, why did you close the door?"
"And of course besides when you are blushing" He added.
Dean looked at both Mary's and Sam's faces then smiled. He standard up and came to Mary's chair and wrapped his hands around her neck and pressed a kiss on her cheek.
After kindergarten the ended up with the same elementary school. They both stayed as best friends. Everything was normal. John always came to pick Dean from the school, Castiel's Mother Mrs. Naomi Novek came to pick him always.
"Look at you my love, I already fucked you so many ways and I saw all of your holy body, the prettiest, gorgeous, delicate and softest, mouthwatering body, and I touched you all the ways and did so nasty things, but you still being shy in front of me. fuck, baby you still blushing and it makes me so fucking wild baby" Dean groans grabbing Cas's both nipples pinching and pressing them.
"Well, thanks Cas"
"But Dean.. You.."
Dean saw the way Cas grabbing his backpack and finding something. And Dean's wonder, he was shaking. Dean knew Cas is the edge of having a panic attack but he didn't know why? If he knew why he could help him to stop it. Maybe his staring becomes too much? No, no way. It's impossible.
Castiel murmured and he never got dressed that much speed in his life before.
Dean knew he has to do a lot more than this when he noticed it had been a month and his time for the bet is running so fast. But the only progress he getting is, his whole heart was literally being blinding with the strange feelings towards the Castiel. And Dean couldn't understand what's wrong with him but the only thing he knows is Castiel makes him happy, even the kid's existence makes Dean's heart warm. Every time Castiel came in front of him Dean's heart skipped his beats but Dean was always able to show it in a cool way to the outside. Dean couldn't stop staring at the poor kid and smirks at the blushing and helpless Castiel when he caught Dean staring at him.
Dean fucked him so deliciously in the shower as Cas screams his name until they both cums so hard. Finally, they went to the office after another hour and Cas was sore like hell.
Dean quickly ran out of the room and close it behind him.
"Dean, oh god Dean, please open the door, can I use your bathroom? My shower got broken and I'm covered in shampoo. Open up, man. Hurry"
Dean glanced at him again. But Dean really didn't want to get rid of Castiel.
Okay, that's not nice. 1. He called Castiel sweetheart, how dare he. And 2. He caught Castiel trying to stop his laughter. Castiel's cheek getting blush and he couldn't able to hide it how much he tried.
"Yeah, yeah I will just wait, I brought puppy's all equipments"
Dean held his glance more than necessary seconds.
"I had your number from the first day I saw you Cas, but I didn't want to make you uncomfortable or push you further"
Dean wanted to cry but the whole time he was scowling at his own palms which were on his lap as both Dean and Sam were sitting and hiding upstairs.
"I was so scared, so so scared Mary. I cried a lot. I ran and ran and ran along the road until I saw a telephone booth. I remembered Gabriel's number and I called him. I don't know how I got lucky that day because Gabriel answer the phone" With that three Winchesters sighed relief at the same time but in different positions. Mary tightly hugging Castiel and then Sam and Dean in their hiding positions.
"Mmm okay, that sounds like a plan. But I wonder one day would enough for both our stories?" Cas laughed.
So that was after two months he joined the company. That day also he went early to the office as usual. and normally he used to brings two coffees for himself and his friend/boss Sam. It's like a habit and Sam was very thankful for that when every day he coming to the office in a rush.
"What?" Gabe joined.
"He just loves herbal tea products, Clarence," She said.
*The prince Demon Dean threatened to the innocent prince Castiel and force him to go with him unless he will never return the Tape ball and rabbit.
"What? Cas... At least kiss me with tongue before you leave me behind all hard and cold" Dean yells but even then Cas is running out of the door giggling like a kid.
Cas chuckles and caresses Dean’s face. “What? Do you ask me now? Don’t you remember what were you up to?”Cas palms Dean’s crotch and slowly massages it as immediately Dean moans to Cas’s lips again.
"What did he said?" Dean can't wait as he asked trying to lean into the phone.
"Yeah, yeah congratulations on that" He tries to get up as Michael offers his hand to him.
“It’s not like complaining, this is so sweet and. but what’s going on babe? I thought that you got angry” Dean mumbled to Cas’s lips. he slowly licks Cas’s bottom lips.
It's finally Saturday morning. Castiel loved Saturdays. Normally on weekends, he let himself sleep a bit more than on weekdays. He likes to stay few hours in bed lazily. Most of the time Miracle also joined him in the bed. So Cas spending petting Miracle and talk with him and he loved it. Because those times always remind him of Dean, because of Miracle.
"Where are these coming from? Is that about your ex Dick Roman?" Gabriel raised his eyebrows with suspensions.
"Listen, I brought something, but you know it's not much, when I coming here, I remembered maybe you didn't eat something, because you said you were still in the office. So I quickly grabbed my leftovers, but it's just a thought, and besides, I can cook something for you quickly if you like to have something else. I mean something you think good with your situation now" Castiel said a little hesitantly.
"Yes, Sammy we will see," Mary said with a nice smile on her face.
"You know, actually I really was prepared for that too, but Cas, I decided not to propose you middle of something like this. It's not a good time. Real gentlemen never do that. Besides, I don't wanna be an asshole who took advantage of this kind of situation" Dean said.
"What I just.. You know his name is after an Angel right?"
"I'm talking about Castiel, you big baby, actually why can't you stop bulling the kid, you can't do that repeatedly you know, it's fucking illegal and I can't believe how anyone like you doing that, especially to HIM, I mean after all the things.."
"I Love You Cas"
"In the orphanage, there was a male matron, and he kinda horrible person. One day he tried to touch me the ways I don't want him to touch me" Castiel tightened Mary's hand and took a huge breath.
, uhh… fuck me hard with that huge thick cock of yours, and cum inside me babe, fill me up with your hot cum”
"Cas, c'mon it's me, just show me your precious, delicate pussy baby?"
Dean slowly let his hand off of Cas's mouth and he put his hands up in defeat.
And then he walked out to his backyard which he used as his flower garden. But there were not only flowers but also all kinds of vegetables and few fruit trees too. He really loved gardening. Besides running, gardening was his favorite hobby. So he slowly walked through all the trees and plants touching the leaves and flower petals. Sniffing the sweet smells of flowers, It's a different kind of medication and Cas loved it.
"Um actually Dean I have to tell you something"
"Babe, I said I'm so sorry about that, but you are aware that they can't get some decisions without me" Cas tries to convince Dean for the hundredth time now.
"Cas, please, I can't do that, I can't pretend like you do not exist. Man, I really want to be a friend of yours. I swear, I'm not gonna hurt you, let's just be friends" Dean said, softy. Most likely a pleading. But Cas huffs bitterly.
"See you soon Dean" Castiel murmured and then he hopped into his car.
"babe you are so wet for me, look at that hole. Mmmm made just for me" he said before nibbling over the hole. And lick around the pink hole and suck it. Quickly he started to tongue fuck the lube and split soaked hole as Cas felt it's his call.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Wow, he must be a real Angel to save you like that, and Mom was he came to meet you?" Dean asked.
Dean nodded and gave her a smile, Sam just looked at both of them and smiled lightly without knowing what to say.
Dean grinned and Castiel looked at him with a disbelief look.
after sometimes I would be gone, don't worry" Dean said and before Sam starts to bitching about it, Dean left the room quickly.
"No Charlie, I'm not doing that, and you know I don't care about that weird shit, I don't give a fuck for him and you better shut your cakehole about that, I don't want to talk about that anymore and if you are done with a negotiation about your charity case I have to go now," Dean said little bit like a pissed off voice.
"Dean... Yes me too baby and please hurry, concentrate and go to your climax. We can't get risks anymore. You have already taken everything you wanted" Cas says softly. They both finally connected but they can't get caught like this. So Cas wants to feel everything but quickly.
"What? Damn Sammy, you are so a gossiping bitch you know?" Dean glared at him.
Dean never thought Castiel will react to his gift like this. Dean knew Castiel loves Teddys. He had found that when he gathered his information. But he should have given to him that privately. Shit, I'm screwed up. But it's fine, I will make it up to him tomorrow. Dean thought before he went to bed that day.
She started to hand over papers to every group.
"Hey, thank you man, it was a great idea, I think me and Cas can have a great sleepover and I can help him with, you know his stuff," Sam said happily but for some reason, Dean didn't find it as great news. He felt like Sam should not the one who should have a sleepover with Cas, it must be him. Hell, he was Cas's best friend since they were in kindergarten. But now Cas didn't want to look at his face or even don't remember that they were friends before. But tonight he can find a solution for that.
Dean didn't know how to explain that to this stubborn one here. The only thing he knew was he never leave this room without a real forgiveness.
"But Gabe, why don't I remember it even a bit, it's kinda crazy," Castiel says in a confused tone.
"Mmm it's not good, it's amazing and perfect Dean" Cas blushes before looking away from Dean biting his bottom lips.
Mary gave a kind smile at him.
"Hey hey it's okay it's okay, you are okay Clearance" Meg tried to calm him down hugging him tightly. She soothed her hand on his arm telling him it's okay. Kevin was the edge of starting to cry. Alfie also was saying that he is gonna be okay. They stayed there a few minutes before they heard some student's footsteps towards the washroom.
Finally, Sam pulled back and thank him again.
The minutes Castiel spend with Dean, he also got to know about Dean more. That, the funny, kind, crazy, and smart side of Dean. So who knows what will happened next. Because when it comes to Christmas, always happen Merry things. so Dean waited to happen Merry things to him too.
"Good morning Sam" Cas greeted as soon as the call connected.
After the first day of reunion with Castiel, Dean couldn't stop thinking about him. Dean sure Castiel also very happy to see him again. But the problem was Dean knew in deep down he can't be more visible about how much he is happy to see Castiel or to be with him. Because he knew he can't control himself when he saw Castiel.
"Fuck baby you are fucking tight" Dean mumbles licking over the clitoris again.
Actually, Dean wasn't expecting something like that. But of course, Cas is gay and the poor kid was a virgin. So Dean can understand this shyness of his.
Dean kisses Cas’s neck and sucks few love marks there as he doesn’t care that Cas has to go to work in the morning. He keeps kissing, sucking, and licking hungrily like a hungry man.
"No Dean.. You didn't kiss me. Never"
Castiel's throat was gone dry this time. Fuck did they recognize me already? Is that what she means by that? The real answers? Will I have to go through the consequences of giving fake details for the hospital records.
Castiel palmed his face and laughed at him.
“Fuck, oh my god, that feels so fucking good,” Cas whimpers biting his lips.
"So, seriously Cassie, tell me the whole story" Gabe claps his hands together as he is ready to listen to the story as Cas sighs again. Cas knows that he can't get rid of his brother until he telling him everything. so he starts to explain what happens yesterday morning, with the demon army. Also, he determines to not mention about the kiss but unfortunately, it slips out of his mouth and Gabriel didn't stop laughing for a long time.
"You don't have to ask Dean" Castiel murmured into Dean's head as he lets his fingers card through the soft short hair of Dean's. Dean felt he is in heaven. The warmth of Castiel's chest, the softness of his soft fingers playing with his scalp and hair, Castiel's soft and Amazing scent, and that comfortable, soft, and clean smelling Castiel's bees pajama, all of these things made Dean into a quick sleep. The position is comfy too even it's not the bed his couch was very much comfortable.
"Thank you, coach, I'll do my best," Dean said proudly and a bit louder. As soon as Coach walked away,
.....
.....
"Yeah? Mmm that's good to hear baby, told you will make you feel good"
Dean:  *Staring
"Okay Mary I will be there, and I hope you are no longer upset with me?" Cas's voice was hopeful as Mary chuckled.
"No problem Sammy," Dean said after a few moments.
"Please, stop calling that, he is not my boyfriend okay?" Cas said quietly, still not looking at Dean whose eyes went wide with that.
Cas eventually rolls his eyes. “Dean, you are an idiot, I have already forgotten all and now you bring it again, and what a timing Dean, you bring it the middle of our lovemaking” Cas gives him a look.
Suddenly Anna gasped dramatically.
The End💚💙
Castiel tilts his head in confusion and then he glanced over his middle to check his clothes. His mouth went dry as his jaw dropped out and his eyes went wide with embarrassment.
Cas moans getting into whimpering when Dean nibble on his creamy thighs. And Cas can't resist anymore as starts to push Dean's head down into his pussy when Dean starts to play with his clitoris, making Cas a squirming and whimpering mess.
"What? Someone has to start this, right? And I don't know where to start" He said like a complaint but playfully. Castiel can't believe what happened to him. Why always everything happens to him.
"Actually Mrs.Pamela, we kinda, you know, not actual Friends. So I'm pretty sure he will never gonna help me if I asked him directly and you know he is the smartest kid in the class and he already helping few kids with tutorials. So this is the only way" Dean said without any hesitation because he was ready for this question.
When he opens them back the beautiful green eyes are turning to red as pure lust.
"Dean, why I feel like it's baked by you? He asked giving him a suspicious look.
"Nope he didn't, and I know stuff okay? Not only a handsome face" Dean grinned and
Sorry for the delay and hope you will enjoy my fic😍
Holy crap Castiel? Dean could not believe what was he seen as he forgot that he was driving. So he turned his neck to see Castiel who passing by the car. With that he witnessed a nice bubble ass of Castiel's, tightening in his tight runner Short.
Gabriel put Miracle down and patted on Castiel's shoulder.
"Oh, he is Coming," Gabriel said and he saw Dean and his face brighten quickly. Gabriel went and hugged Dean.
"Cas you know, can I confess what was I thinking just right now? but you have to promise me that you aren't gonna hit me or leave me or something like that" Dean asked smirking for the first time today. It's a good sign that he is healing.
Mrs.Pamela going on and now Dean can't hold it anymore. Because she already was about to ruin his plan.
Castiel is sitting in his favorite place in the Royal garden. This little water lake is natural and it looks like a rainforest from the outside. Castiel really enjoys this cool weather around this lake. Thousands of unbelievable colored Birds and butterflies are always there making the place more breathtaking. And every time Castiel wants some peace for his own, he eventually came here and sit there for hours without wanting to deal with anyone.
They hugged with Love filled eyes.
Within seconds Dean's very attractive, perfect, charming, and talented voice came alive slowly.
"So Deanoo how's life, are you actually single these days?" Gabriel asked laying his head over Sam's shoulder.
"What? I just asked did you guys.." Gabriel started pretending he has no clue why Castiel scolding him. But Castiel interrupted him.
Dean glared at Benny and punch him in his arm.
"Cas, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I should apologize to Donna too"
"Deaaannnn, please don't baby" Cas moans and Dean can't resist anymore. He leans down and press his lips to Cas's beautiful and delicate pussy and press a long kiss.
Dean just waited there with a sad face. But he didn't know how to accept "NO" as the answer. Because he is "Win Chester" and Castiel was his love of life. So he will never gonna stop until he got his big win.
Mary chuckled at the last sentence she told.
"What do you think happen to him, Sam?" Benny gives a fearful face when finally they put Dean on a temporary bed they used in the camp.
"Oh, C'mon Cas don't be like that" Dean started but Cas didn't even turn around. And suddenly he started to run toward the bus which stopped at the halt, at the same time.
And his beautiful majestic sparkling green eyes will looking into Castiel's eyes like he is trying to sinking into his soul.
"Okay, fine, awesome, great. Wow, Cas thanks Angel" Dean babbled after they pulling out of the hug. Dean saw the way Castiel's eyes filling with happiness, and his rosy lips like inviting to wrapped them with Dean's lips. Dean licked his own lips glancing at Castiel's lips.
He thinks that Dean must be gone to the bathroom as he waits few minutes listening to whether there is any water sound coming from the bathroom because he can see that the bathroom light is still off. When few minutes pass without Dean comes to bed, Cas climbs out of the bed and check the bathroom, no Dean is not there.
"Oh I thought you said that I'm an Angel a few minutes ago"
The chapter isn't about it though. Hope you enjoy this. Sorry for the mistakes.❤💕💕
"I brought those yesterday evening and put them in the fridge, what happ" Mary couldn't able to finish it as they heard Dean's sleepy voice.
"Hey, sweetheart don't cry. Everything is gonna alright. Cas hey, hey it's okay. Look at me, It's okay, Gabriel is gonna be okay, he will be fine soon" Dean said stroking his soft hair sweetly.
"No Castiel no, I'm not thinking about anything other than that, you are very free to come here anytime you like to, that's mean this is your home too, we are your family, we are always there for you son, please remember that, okay?" Mary asked with a reassurance way.
"I mean you always wanted a puppy when you were a child but never tried to get one even didn't ask, and after you became an adult after you owned your own house you never tried to get one, till now, thanks to that lovesick Winchester decide to gave you one" Gabriel snorted.
"Yeah okay let's go I'm coming with you" Charlie also stood with her then glared at Dean who smirked at his best friend.
"Dean.." Castiel gulped staring at Dean's beautiful green eyes.
Castiel slowly opened his eyes he still can't breathe perfectly.
Dean rolled his eyes at her this time.
"Dean, Dean, please open your eyes, Dean can you hear me? Sam's worried voice fills with fear and sadness.
"Yes yes, of course, Sir. I will do everything you said, thank you" Dean said quickly.
"Oh, you are asking about my lips still hurting from your hitting?" Castiel burst out and Dean gulped.
Cas took a minute to answer that as he sighed heavily.
They just stopped the games when Sam's phone started to ring. But his face changed soon as he saw the caller Id because it was Dean. Sam knew if he answers the phone in front of Cas, his mood will change in a second. So he excused and walked into his room then answered the call.
Mary looked up at the opening door and her expression of exhausted suddenly changed to one of the delighted amazement
............
"Dean this is a lot. Thank you so much. I like this a lot, but how did you know I love bees?"
He didn't remember the last time he got laid even he didn't hit on a chick after a long time.
"Okay, cool so Gabe and I gonna make breakfast you guys wanna join?"
"See it's not any kind of blasting thing or a bomb man, it's just a freaking PB & J sandwich," Dean said and put it again on Castiel's lap. This time a bit slow as his two fingers barely touched Castiel's thighs.
Cas quickly control himself and tried to stop his tears.
"Oh hey, here you are, so let's dig in then, can't wait to taste," Sam said rubbing his hands before sitting.
And he was a bit busy with glancing over Castiel's lips, eyes, and his body, he can't take his eyes off Castiel because god damn, the kid is wearing his clothes and he is cute and sexy as hell in those.
"But Dean I didn't do anything. The only thing I did was turning down your every proposal. So I really can't get that credits Dean" Castiel said in a sad voice.
Castiel felt a little calm and he quickly answered.
"So class, I can see all of you got your partners. Very well. Now, this is how it's going to happen. I'm giving different, different assignments to all of the groups. And you gotta work together. I'm repeating it, You. Gotta. Work. Together. not only one partner does the whole project and share with the other one. Not this time" She insisted.
Castiel was running and he ended up crashing into Dean and both of them felt as Dean grabbed his wrist and Castiel touched his chin very near to his sweet pink little pump lips. They both hurt a little bit but they didn't cry. Castiel was scared a lot because he thought Dean would cry. Because they both had a huge pout on their cute little faces. Suddenly Castiel came to Dean and his pouting face change to cute and kind smile. His beautiful blue eyes were shining a lot.
"You are a... Aagh... shut up and come quickly" Cas says in a fake piss-out tone then he climbs out the bed.
"Bye Dean"
"I'm done with all of your bullshit. I'm out and you fuckers be ready for the consequences" Dean gritted his teeth. But before he leaves Alastair stopped him.
"Dean you know my vagina can't getting mix with any saliva but by my royal husband, and also it would be after the wedding. Even every second I wish you will be my husband, it's impossible to let you do that right now my love. I can't pull your life into danger baby" Cas says and Dean rubs his thumb over Cas's sharp delicious-looking hip bones towards his pantie.
Gabriel give him a suspicious look but nodded without picking on that.
"I believe you Dean, okay then I will sit," He said and let Dean take him to the seating area.
"Woah Dean what's going on, are you okay?" Sam got surprised by Dean's sudden entering at this time. Because even Dean came every day to see Castiel he didn't come to say Hi to Sam every day. And of course, Sam can see Dean's upset face.
“Babe, you know whatever happened, I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. Okay? So, you have to listen to me, we should go to the doctor. Okay? Just right now” Cas caresses Dean’s hair and press another kiss on Dean’s temple.
"Castiel? Is that gay boy from high school? Damn Did Dean kiss him? Is he also a gay or something?" That's the ending point of Dean's patience and he groaned like an angry wolf and grabbed Azazel by his shirt and pushed him to the nearest wall.
"Okay fine, I will get this but you have to promise not to bring more gifts, okay?" Castiel asked before taking the gorgeous box from Dean.
"Dean, do you want to go to your room and maybe wash your face and change into your pajamas, meanwhile your food getting ready?" Castiel asked from the kitchen surprising Dean as he never expected something like that.
"Yeah whatever Cassie, anyhow I know how it's hurt to accept but I think Mr.Winchester is done with you, people are talking Dear. So anyway I have to go, I will send those documents later" With that Anna went back to her cabin before Castiel say something.
"Cas, don't think much okay?, drive carefully and eat something before sleep. Promise?" Dean asked a very caring voice.
Finally, Dean pulls out his fingers from Cas's pussy and ass and glances over his beautiful blissful face. All flushes and pink with pleasure.
Gabe grabbed Sam's hands and blinked his eye's signing him that, `not to worry, let them handle it` Face.
"And I know you are panicked because you are very naked right now. But don't worry. I'm not going to put a finger on you without your permission. And I'm going to protect you at any cost. I promise you, my Omega prince. So if you understand that, I can let you go, but you have to promise me that you will not yell at guards? Will you sweetheart?" Dean asks so softly even Cas can't believe can any demon talk like this softly.
Sam was scared of her behavior and quickly came in front of her and grabbed her hand.
"Now please stop crying Dean, you are very ugly when you are crying" Mary chuckled and Dean also chuckled wiping his tears.
"Wow that's amazing" Uriel added.
Then as the both of them, the world stopped for a few seconds. And two things happened.
"Mmm oh my god Mom, Dean was correct, this one tastes amazing, like the best one I ever had" Sam moaned with the first bite, and Castiel's face lit with a smile.
But seems like Sam didn't like it.
Dean caught Castiel's gaze as he stared at him licking his lips unconsciously just as always he did. Dean can't get enough of looking at those freaking sexy and pinkish lips. Sometimes before he wondered how do those plum and kissable lips taste like, but then he goes terrifying with those thoughts and his hatred popping up for covering those dangerous and "ridiculous" Ideas. That's how Dean normally dealing with his feelings, always covering up those with his fake hate. But right now it's different. Dean was in the middle of apologizing, so he has to behave.
Art Credit goes to Laleesha, Me. (background pictures got from Google)
"Hey Dean, what? Where are you going? you don't come to help us with cooking?" Sam yelled.
Castiel thought while looking at the nurse.
(See the end of the chapter for
//Dean called Mary Mom?//
Oh, look who finally arrived, the fur baby... The little brokenable faggot" He shouted towards Castiel as he scarlet and looked back at the bullies.
.....
"And Dean you know why I got so emotional with your gift? Because it's one of my secrets I locked and buried a long time ago. Ballet was my passion and you are correct I was obsessed with it, but once I told it to my parents when I was a kid, my parents got shocked and horrified about that. They did everything to make me stop joining the ballet team in school, they even threatened me. Gabriel was the only one who was supported by me." Castiel said and Dean unconsciously took Castiel's hand between his hands Protective. Castiel smiled with him.
Dean was listening and he also looked at Castiel's chin who seems like got hurt when they felt earlier.
All of them shouted cheering Dean as Castiel's heart get speed, he was very weak, he just wanted to sit for his exam after all things happened to him since in the morning. This is the last thing he wanted to happen now and not with Fucking Winchester, not at all.
"Hah, pizza time boys," He said smiling at Cas.
"So Mary I'm not a cheater or I didn't mean to be a liar, but I had to, I hope now you will understand me and my situation at that moment" Castiel sobbed. Mary hugged him more tightly.
"No, I really want to, and the first thing I want you to know is I missed you so much" Castiel said looking into Dean's heart eyes. Today he is not going to be afraid to express his feelings.
Have a great day 💐
"But I really didn't want to see more tears or you crying. Coz you are not gorgeous when you are crying" Dean added to make the situation a bit cooler and it worked as Castiel smiled with him.
"No problem Dean, that's what friends are for" Castiel smirked making Dean get out of his imagination.
(See the end of the chapter for
"And Mom is going to give him a lift now" Sam added.
"Oh that's your fault Dean, you shouldn't be such an idiot and should not drink all the freaking vegan eggnog which I brought for my "To be brother in law" " Sam answered back after opening the front door.
"Then why is he not waking up yet? And he is so weak, look at his chest, he is breathing very hardly" King John questions with his angry voice.
"So they must be afraid to mess with you, cause they might thinking it would trigger me up over them. Like you know, I am the only one who can be bullying you, I know, I know, it's very rude thought, I'm so sorry but I just said what I felt, actually I don't know about their behavior" Dean said but regret the next second as Cas burst out with hurt and sad.
"Mmm I don't know that it's a good idea, but what you wanna know?" Castiel asked.
"Baby, I nipple fucked you. But now I want to fuck your tits, can you hold your precious and delicious tits for me, baby?"
"Cas I'm really sorry, let me tell you what happened. I drank all of your vegan eggnogs which Sam had brought yesterday and he was pissed. So I had to go out to bring some more. And you also know that it's snowing heavily outside since morning. So I just pissed off because of that, I didn't upset with you or hated you Cas, I swear. And all are my faults. I'm really sorry for hurting your feelings"
This is not the first time Dean brought food like this. there is one time Dean brought Pie boxes just like this, all the flavors whatever shop he swore as "the best". Castiel was pissed at that time so he just burst out and said he hates pies.
"And then Mary, my very brave brother, did everything to find a better job for us, that time he was stopped his school too. Finally, after one month, he found a job in a bakery and he found a little but clean apartment room for us. Then we lived there without anything fancy but happy because we both had each other" Castiel said softly but still tears coming from his eyes. Mary was crying and Sam also was crying like a baby.
So right now Dean was in his room cursing himself for got into this mess.
Castiel chuckled a bit before answering him.
Have a great day lovelies ❤
Dean was tieing his shoelaces when he heard Sam's scream the next morning. He rolled his eyes before open the door faced to very much shampoo-covered Sam standing in front of his door. Normally Dean would laugh his ass off this kind of situation, especially he got a chance to tease his little brother but even making Sam surprise, Dean's face was all covered in a grumpy way.
Dean spread some water on Donna's face.
"What? How'd you know? Man, just look at them?" Benny responds as he is not ready to give up on his opinion.
Dean made a dramatic face as Castiel cut out his last attempt too.
"Don't call me Angel"
"Dean?" Castiel's surprised voice burst out in the next second.
"Your highness, there is a visitor for you, he is waiting here for you right now," The guard says and Dean's brows drew together with a question on his face.
Castiel helped Gabriel to ready to the bed before settled him for the night. Then he poured him some wine and leaned on his couch. The couch is kinda very comfy and he didn't want to go to bed yet even it's almost late at night. He sipped his wine glass slowly. it's felt very nice and Castiel just laid there with his very comfortable bees pajamas. Okay, but the truth was he just needed some peace okay? But his heart was stubborn and forced him to think about the absence of the Dean more and more.
He answered.
I wish if I could write what I want to say to you at the end of this note. But I'm not gonna make you frighten, so I will not write it here. And besides, I wanna say it to you looking at your beautiful blue eyes. And I want to see you getting blush and to see your beautiful face tinted with my second favorite color red (it's become my second favorite color after I met you) when I saying it to you. And my first favorite color is.. I'm not gonna say it. But I will give you a hint. the color always remember me of the very special person in my life, who's "Eyes like the Sky". Got it? Lol.
"Because you are a demon, you are our biggest enemy, and I was right. I felt something wrong since yesterday, it's you? Aren't you? Tell me demon? You were everywhere? right? When I and Gabriel were talking you were there, and then, that rose, it's your trick, isn't it?, and of course I felt someone is in my chambers last night, and today when I trained with my brothers, you were there. You were everywhere? Aren't you, demon?" Cas's angry voice came out like a snarl.
Please note that this chapter contains some past memory of violence.
"Says who flirted with a man who met him only for 3 minutes," Castiel said.
"Dean? Um. You wanna go find the classes and the lockers, I didn't go there yet" Castiel asked with hope, maybe they can start over again their friendship in here. They can be best friends again. Cas never forget his best friend ever. of course, everything changed with the time but the kindest and caring soul he met in his life was Dean. He took good care of Castiel every time even he is the same age as Castiel. So he wanted to have him again in his life.
"Oh hey smells awesome guys, seems like I have missed the best part, sorry I just fell asleep" Dean yawned.
Dean's face lit up with that and he staring at Castiel's face.
"What are you doing here sweetheart?" Dean mumbled interrupting Castiel.
Dean staring at him with love fills eyes.
"It's the day you presented as an Omega, my little brother," Gabriel says slowly and Castiel's eyes go wide.
Sam said and Dean smirked. He knew his mom is a badass and he knows that she will convince Cas however.
Cas gasped and hummed, he caressed his lovely husband's hair slowly.
And there is a small sound from the other side. Like someone chocked on the air. Like breathing very hardly.
"Yeah, yeah... So how are your studies, Sammy? You doing good right?" Dean asked. Now that's not a surprise though. Dean normally didn't forget to check on Sam's studies and school stuff as he always offered help to his little brother. So Sam didn't found this is another thing to surprise as he just shrugged not getting his eyes from the novel.
"I don't know if you remember, we were little pups then. Actually, you were 8 years old and I'm 10, as I remember. You got this storybook then. It was your favorite one. And every night you wanted to listen to it before you sleep. And you loved it so much, do you remember?" Gabriel stops to check whether Castiel remembers it.
"Nah Sammy it's fine, When I see Cas for the first time there is something happened inside me I didn't know what was going to happen then he turned kept dancing, then he got shocked and scared over me. I saw those blue amazing eyes Sam then I lost. Shit man, I'm sound like a 16 years old lovesick teenager but man believe me that's exactly what happened"
"Of course Sweetheart, I can wait, no problem or no rush" Dean smiled.
.....
.................
"Look I'm sorry, it's my fault I didn't see you coming okay? I'm truly really so sorry" Finally Castiel said and started to getting up slowly.
There will be some mistakes and pardon me.
Whatever happened Castiel was always excited to see Dean's gifts even he turned down every one of them. Sometimes Castiel can't believe how Dean's every gift turned out Castiel's favorite things. Everything happened to be Castiel's most favorite things. First, he suspected that there must be a traitor in the office who was telling about his favorite things to Dean. Maybe Donna, just like she gave his address to Dean for sending the Roses other day. (As Castiel suspecting her)
Dean runs his thumb over the little hole and runs it around the rim. Cas hisses and grinds his cock over Dean’s cock.
The cold wind was howling and the snow was splashing with the wind. The door Swing opened and very angry Dean came out gritting his teeth. He hissed when the coldness of the air touched his skin even he had worn a few layers and a warm jacket too.
"Cas, why'd it scared you?" His voice is so quiet.
"Castiel are you okay? You want to go to the school nurse?" Kevin asked with a shaken voice, everyone knew he is the weakest guy in the group as they smiled at him with a knowing face.
"Ouch aren't you? So then I will ask it politely. Castiel Novak will you please be my boyfriend?" Dean asked looking at Castiel's beautiful blues.
"Look, Cas I'm not gonna argue with you here. I just want you to know that I regret what I did. That's it" Dean said in a very low voice. Cas was still scowling and Sandwich is on his lap.
Cas curls his hand around Dean’s leaking cock and with that, he pressed a wet kiss on cock head.
Azazel grinned at him licking his lips.
Castiel rolled his eyes.
Dean looked surprised with that "what you guys crazy? It's just the morning fuckers, besides I thought we might be sneak in again the class then we can sit for the exam”
"Cas, hey, hey, talk to me, are you okay? Tell me how can I help you to get rid of it before it started. Cas, talk to me buddy, please. Let me help you" Dean begged but Cas didn't give any attention to him as he tried to find his headset. Finally, he found it with shaking hands but before he connected it to his phone, another lightning flashed across the sky as the light came through the window, following that another huge thunder hit and even the whole house shook with the power of it. Cas lost his control and last strength. his brain started to shut down with fear. He didn't know what's happened to him as he started to fall down but before that very strong and warm hands grabbed him and Cas can felt he was pulled into a warm chest. And he can feel a nice smell, like apple pie. Everything was gone blurred. He can only hear a fading voice.
Castiel can't believe Mrs.Pamela right now. How is he going to do this assignment with Winchester? No way. This was his great fear and now he gotta work with his great enemy.
Castiel checked his phone after the when seems like everything is calm down. There were few messages from friends and Gabriel, he quickly opened Gabriel's message. He has not sure is Gabriel got the news or not, but if he got the news, he will never fooling around sending texts and will crash ASAP.
"Mmm yeah, that's you. You never pushed me or rushed me. You are a real gentlemen Dean. So good for me" Castiel answered beaming at Dean.
"What, I just showing my respect to it, showing my love," He says and settles behind Cas, wrapping his arms around Cas's hips protectively, pulling Cas to his chest tightly.
He heard a door close sound and the sound of the nurse's steps. Castiel slowly walked towards the Room he noticed before. He waited a second before open the door he got a deep breath then slowly open the door to cursing himself for doing this. But his curiosity and kindness towards the patient make him feel he is doing the right thing. The second he opened the door, Mary looked at him then her eyes made a questionable look.
Mary grabs her best friend's hand and tightens her hands like begging.
What if Anna and Lisa were correct? What if I don't deserve Dean, am I really playing him. But yesterday everything was fine. He even texted me a lot and called me. He really want me but why he didn't even send a message to me today. Am I not worth it? Some stubborn tears quickly rolled out of his eyes as he wiped off his face.
Castiel just glaring at him. He crossed his arms over his chest.
Dean rolled his eyes before shoving his phone to Castiel mouthing as Told you.
“okkkk… I promise we will wait and watch 3  days, happy? Now can I kiss you? Dean says with a fake angry voice.
Sam saw Castiel's face getting red as he quickly holds his hand towards Castiel.
"Oh yes yes son that would be so awesome Clarence, my sons will be very happy to hear that"
"So what do you going to do about it, Dean?" Castiel couldn't believe it as he heard his voice bust out like a whisper. Dean also never expect that right now.
"He is the one who my Father suggested me as my husband" Cas mouths sadly. But Dean's eyes fill with anger. He grits his teeth.
"Yeah okay, fine" Very confuse Gabriel says and leave the library without asking anything.
Claire hug both of them, saying Dean to "Hello Father" Making Dean laugh with happy.
Castiel sent it and then covered his face with his hands.
"God, Dean don't touch it, baby, it's too much risk, we can't go further" Even Cas wants Dean's fingers inside his pussy he can't let it happens, so he pleads.
"It's nothing Mich, I think I'm a bit tired, that's it," He says smiling at the floor.
"Mr. Winchester listen, you can't keep doing this. You are playing with my job, and I have explained lots of time about this, and clearly, this is not gonna happen because I don't do dates, I'm really really sorry Mr. Winchester.
After the shower, he came out with a towel wrapped around his hips and quickly rushed to the kitchen as he heard the timer goes off. The moment he put the step into the kitchen there's an amazing smell of freshly baked apple pie. It's reminded home, of course, Castiel was at home but when it's come to living alone here without anyone in his life it's mostly like a cold, smell-less, just apartment. But now the whole kitchen was like it's come to life again. Castiel mentally noted to bake often even how much it's hard to do alone.
"Ohhh Cas, you are fucking tight babe, shit... Like virgin tight for me, fuck...aahh" Dean cried and fucked even harder into his husband's tight hole.
He didn't want to see how Dean's unbelievably handsome face falling every time when Castiel reject him.
"Good, good. if you need any help with your stuff just ask, okay?" He said pointing at Sam.
Dean cursed and Benny looked at him.
"Oh hey, looked at the mess I did, please let me help you" Dean pointed at Castiel's coffee-soaked trench coat and he was already in Castiel's personal space tried to wipe down the spilled coffee. Castiel had to collect himself before Dean touching him and make him blast right here.
Castiel can't remember any other day he was happy like today, and he can't stop smiling for a second. And Dean was also happy to see 'Happy Cas'.
"Done, and please give me a ring cut Then I will save your number" Said with a smile. Way to go Castiel way to go. What are you doing? Exchanging the numbers? His mind screamed at him, but he didn't care or he hadn't time to care as he was having a wonderful time with these wonderful people after a long time or he can say for the first time in his life.
.....
"Yeah, sure Dean, see you soon" Cas smiled with him softly.
Castiel said suddenly and when he turned around to see Dean, he found Dean had stopped his work and staring at him.
Dean gulped. Fucking great. He wanted to give something special to his crush here, and make him surprise. but he ended up making Castiel cry and upset. Way to go Dean way to go. now Castiel will hate me forever.
"Aww Dean, that's so cute of you. Charlie Don't you dare to say no to my cousin, look how sad he looks like and he is trying to apologize to you for being rude to you yesterday" Jo said poutine at Dean and she hugged him.
Castiel came out of the door to see a good view of that rose petal path and he gasped because it was beautiful and smelled amazing.
"Um yeah I should probably start my work, and Sam should be here in any minute now, so enjoy your coffee until then, it's nice to see you again Mr. Winchester," Castiel said and stepped toward the door. But Dean also stood with him quickly.
And then Sam is the one who feels like he is going to faint that moment.
"No I don't want to do that, Sam knows about me, so I think that's enough, thank you" Castiel answered firmly and Dean grinned more.
"Okay Dean thank you"
"Gonna miss you tomorrow babe" Dean whispered.
Then Castiel heard a very heavy sigh.
Castiel was having a very busy life working at a very popular company when he gets the call from his old friend Sam. Castiel was very keen to join with Sam as he joined the company after one week.
He knows this is not going to end well, this is like cotton and fire put together. It's ending catching fire and burn. But he also wants this, wants Dean. So he finally let it go.
"Fuck. Yes yes sure. Sorry almost forgot about that. And you know why? Because I got distracted. this is the best mattress I have ever laid" Dean said winking at Cas, loving the way Cas completely going red with that. Fuck, he is gorgeous when he blushes like that.
Tell me how you feeling about this chapter.
Castiel awoke with a gasp as he waited there trying to remember where is he then he remembered that he was just laying on the couch last evening without even had his lunch or dinner. And now his stomach is grumbling and that's why he suddenly woke up. He slowly rose and checked the time as he understood that it's too early. It was 4.30 am and he got more time for college. Then he thought a bit and decided go for a run. Because he hadn't much time for a Running session the past few weeks. it's a good opportunity to go for it and also to forget everything was in mind. It's still hurting his back a bit, but he knew it will be shaded with the rest of the day. So he got up and had a quick warm shower and had a cup of coffee then he got dressed in his running gear. He closed his door and went for the morning run.
Dean chuckles. “Ah! My bad. Sorry, sorry. By the way, sweetheart, where we were?” Dean asks while reaching for Cas’s lips as Cas leans down to kiss his lover. The kiss goes smoothly as Cas starts grinding his ass on Dean’s cock, and Dean moans to Cas’s mouth. Dean’s hand slowly snakes to Cas's bubble ass cheeks and squeezed it slowly. It feels so hot and the sensation makes Dean moans. Dean’s cock getting harder when Cas’s firm ass cheeks and his hard cock rub on his own cock repeatedly.
"Dean, man c'mon that's not what I mean, you know about the whole situation, I mean Cas wouldn't be..." Sam started but cut off by his very angry big brother.
Castiel gulped and looked at Mary who gave him a fake glare.
When it was a year ago, before Dean moves to New York City, the gang was not bad this much. They never hit any kids just bullied lightly, actually, even that was not bullying, it was mostly having a proud and walking through the other kids like a wolf pack, heads up chest out and they make fun of some weirdoes but never hit or never did any harm to the students like they did today. But besides only one time. There is only one very unfortunate incident and that will never forget for two students and that’s the only time Dean hit a kid in the collage. That happened in begin of their freshman year before Dean left the College.
Cas laughed sarcastically.
"Winchester, what are you planning? Are you going to kill me?" Castiel asked dumbly tilting his head and Dean almost forgot he was driving. Castiel was fucking cute when he doing that. But hey he can't think that kind of stuff about me. Dean gasped.
"Did you say something Cassie, is that a growl? Are you alright?"
"Nope no.. Never. I'm not gonna rude to them. You are definitely correct. They are our friends" Dean said trying to hold his grin.
"Actually not yet, but I think I should start studying as soon as possible," He said with a sly grin on his face.
Cas: yes, I am.
"It's fine Mary, it's been a long time but actually I'm still scared so much when I remember that day," Castiel said in a very low voice.
Dean looked at him sadly.
Castiel quickly made the dough and sliced the apples. Finally, he put the pie inside the oven and set the timer before going to the bathroom for getting a shower.
Cas's terror about Dean's attack changes into another fear as now Dean's absence. Cas go downstairs with very light and slow steps making sure to not make any sound. No. There is no Dean anywhere. Cas's fear gets higher as he starts to call out for Dean.
Finally, Alfie said bye to him when he was going to his own class and Cas opened his locker to grab his books. The door of his locker was on his left side. And suddenly a knock came out of it as Cas almost jumped catching his chest. He felt angry as he closed the locker door.
"Hmmmmm okay then, and can I drop you home then? Will you tell me your address?" Dean smirked.
"Okay, Dean I told you it's not much and it's .."
Now, that's the warning alarm for Castiel, his face gone pale, he barely sit there without running out and never look back. He thought quickly before answer to Mary.
"Oh c'mon Cassie cut the crap, I know about yesterday's incident, Anna burst out everything to me about the way you all almost get attacked by the Demon army" Gabriel said rolling his eyes.
Cas finally joined to the game night and he faced with a unexpected incident 😍😍
They talked with Donna after she woke up. Then both of them came to Dean's car.
"Cas, Cas it's me, don't fight, please stop. I don't want to hurt you, it's me"
It has been almost two days since they have had sex because Cas is so busy with his job. Today is the third day when he got an emergency call demanding to come to the office as soon as possible. And of course, without even not any Advance notice about it.
Dean signed heavily looking at Castiel. His eyes were very sad.
Cas let his silky panties fall through his creamy thighs and slowly getting into the bathing tub, feeling the warmth of the lukewarm milk. and he feels so much better when the warm milk touches his naked body as his whole body is covered with the milk now. He sighs heavily before relaxing his body to the milk and put his head on the edge of the tub. He closes his eyes relaxing more into the wonderful feeling.
.......
Lisa turned back to look who's that and her face lit up seeing that was Dean.
Hey so don't forget to tell me how it is? 💕❤🌸  it's 4.16 am and I'm finally updating my fic for the New year.❤💕
"No, Dean but we.. Oh God"
"Okay, stop your pathetic crying, kids. You are not children anymore, c'mon grow up and face the reality like grown men and women. Besides I know you can do other things like grown men and women" She added sarcastically, giving them a hard look. But the whole class started to laugh at that.
"Hey, it's okay. It's okay. I'm not angry. You can use my bathroom, it was just an accident, and take it easy. I'm not angry Cas, just being curious. And wondered about what's this secret connection between you and my room these days" Dean said softly as Cas opened his mouth again to say there's is no such thing like that. But Dean started to laugh.
"Yeah, but it's mostly you asked me to not bring those, and I rejected your request" Dean smirked stopping in front of Cas.
"Oh," Castiel said when he realized what Dean was talking about.
Dean was there and as usually smiling his unbelievable Winchester charming smile that could break the ice, or can make the rays of sunshine ashamed about themselves, because Dean's smile is brighter than that. Ok, stop making poetry over Dean. Definitely should stop that Castiel.
"What? Don't be ridiculous Dean. I'm very happy to do this for you, it's my pleasure don't think otherwise. And don't say sorry, I really want to help you"
Castiel signed before answer.
He brought back a hot tea and gave it to Sam as he started inhaling, drinking, and moaning again.
Dean didn't want to share it with these guys, I even don't know these guys are his best friends yet, shit now what I'm gonna do? But he said Dean said everything about us to them.
"Shut the fuck up you filthy animal, you are not my Alpha, and NO, I'm not feeling anything about you, and your scent makes me want to puke and it's so disgusting to even remember. Evenly, I feel itchy right now because my hands are dirty by punching you. Your scent, your face, even your presence makes me so sick. because it stinks and so disgusting. The ugliest scent I've ever smell" Cas barks out. But in a deep down, he knew it's not true. Dean isn't stinks, he isn't ugly or disgusting. But the truth is Cas must feel like that, but he isn't. And that's what should be because he is a demon. Demons are the worst enemies. That's how they told abd prepared the all angel kids since they were born.
With that question, he got pale within seconds. And he didn't answered for that as only staring at Mary wondering how to answer that. He didn't want to lie to Mary anymore, but same time he didn't want to tell his life story to this lovely and kind lady here and make her disappointed.
Sam came that extract moment and his concerned face lit by a beautiful smile when he sees his brother and his friend like that. He wanted to see this a long time ago and he didn't want to wake them. So he waited there without talking to them. But Dean opened his eyes and saw him. He also didn't want to wake Castiel so he signed Sam smiling at him. In his face, there was no hesitation or worry about Sam seeing them like this. Because Dean wanted Castiel so much and loved him more than anything in his life. And he knew Sam know that too.
"Dean don't do this, you can't take advantage of my puppy weakness" Dean grinned.
Castiel can understand what happened. He was already about to pass out in the morning after the blood transfusion, if he reminds the things to happen since the morning, first he skipped his breakfast in the morning and then he did the blood donation then he had to run without any rest, for another plus point then mentally break down from the bullies, then they beat him without mercy. That's too much for a day. His body and brain both couldn't take it anymore. Maybe that's why he was passed out for too long.
Dean gave him a dumb face, raising both eyebrows.
"What in the world are you saying? Samuel why didn't you stopped your brother" Ellen yells as she is so scared right now.
Dean got a little shock but he successfully hid it from Alastair who was a high school friend of his (of course he didn't like him much but hang around however) as he knew how much dick was he.
" No Dean, I only got hurt my chin thank you I'm also ok now" Cas answered with a huge innocent smile.
"Castiel, what did you do to me?" He murmured quietly, under his shower when Cas's scent surrounded him like a dream.
"You know Gabe, I thought you already know that I do not believe in love, and of course I normally hate rich brats who playing with other's hearts and lives. And it's not like I'm telling that Dean is a bad guy, but he was an "a happy-go-lucky" attitude person before. You know this carefree Casanova, so why'd he suddenly have this major and huge crush on me? ME Gabe? can you believe that? Don't you see some weirdness there?" Castiel huffed annoyingly.
"Yeah whatever, now please go"
Cas sighs trying to smile.
"Cas? aren't you upset with my gift then?"
- Once Upon a Time there was Destiel -
"Oh No, not really. Mr.Winchester, I know how busy you are so I'm not gonna take your time more"
Dean starlet woke up to the alarm and he knew it was Saturday. Heck, then why in the hell he set the alarm... And then suddenly his brain started to work. Cas! Shit, he has to talk with him. Dean got out of the bed in seconds and ran into the kitchen. The first thing that welcomed him was that amazing smell, and a very happy faced Sam taking out the toasts.
"We need to do a blood transfusion asap"
"You know Cas, in that case, I'm not gonna apologize you about that. Coz I kinda like flirting with you" He said smirking and stepping towards Castiel. Who glared at him now.
Dean moans thrusting and thrusting, pounding and pounding into Cas as the headboard knocks against the wall with each and every snap of his hips.
Dean thrusts and thrusts and thrusts in and out as Cas pushes back his ass, to get deeper every thrust inside him, Dean changes the angle, and immediately Cas cries out with pleasure.
Okay, see you tomorrow darling :*
“No Sex Cas? Babe?” Dean asks in a very low voice mostly like asking from himself. Then he sighs, he can’t ask it directly from Cas as what happened last night. So he pulled Cas tightly to his chest and press a kiss on Cas’s neck. “Good night love” he hums and closes his eyes.
"But why? I mean you never do that, saying sorry or admit that you are wrong? This is the third time you said sorry and that's dangerous for me" Castiel said.
When finally Dean finished his late-night dinner, the whole food was gone and Castiel felt happy. And Dean was babbling about how delicious the food was and thanking Castiel.
"Guys what are you saying let's mess with him" Uriel beamed and grabbed Castiel by his shoulders when he going between them.
"Cas, will I get my answers tomorrow?" Dean asked slowly leaning Castiel's side as only Castiel can hear him.
*Then Prince Dean lifted his Prince Castiel and spin him around with enthusiastic and kissed him with all his love.
Other team members laughed at it and Uriel kneeled beside Castiel who suddenly tried to get away from him.
“Mmm, me too, and this is my turn,” Cas mumbles and kisses Dean’s lips hard and dirty. He licks all the way down to Dean’s hardening cock and he wastes no time and pulled his underwear down as Dean Lifts his hips to help Cas to remove it. Cas throws it away quickly then he glances at his boyfriend’s throbbing cock with lustful eyes.
"Oh... Honey? Wow, it's smelling wonderful" Cas's whole face lit by a big beautiful smile as he quickly got out a big bottle of fresh honey.
"Really? Washing these three plates is not a big deal Dean. Just shut up"
But then suddenly someone put his hand on Cas's waist and yank him to their side from behind. Cas would think it's Dean if he wasn't in front of him. But besides Dean, there is only one person who would do that.
"Please, just once. Please Cas I beg you"
Castiel huffed angrily.
Castiel was beaming his smiley face never faded since he saw Dean.
Sam rolled his eyes walking near to Cas.
Velma : Jinkies… well, you are a real an Angel, huh?
"Did you really telling me about you now?" Castiel gave him an adoring smile looking down a bit a shy way.
"Okay okay man just let me finish okay? I know he must be so upset, but I was just tried to tell you that he is the one who not facing the problem. Jeez, I wanted to calm you down. And definitely, I also care about him a lot. He is my friend too okay?" Sam said very calmly. And then he started again.
"Of course my beloved Queen, I do anything to save my prince here, I'm his godmother after all" Ellen murmur hiding her tears.
Cas did his best on his work and he
"Yeah whatever, but please don't hurt him ever again," Sam said like a beg.
Damn it, he cursed and palmed his face.
Then he opened it and gasped looking at Dean.
Castiel gave him a meaningful look.
"Finally Gabe is here" Sam jumped and ran to the door grinning like an idiot.
"And Castiel like my Mom said, I'm your third protector, I know I'm younger than you maybe three or four years. and also I didn't mean that you are not strong. but I mean I'm always with you for anything, ANYTHING you hear me?, and Castiel I want you to know that I'm so glad I got to know you man" Sam confessed not letting go of Castiel.
"Yeah, whatever it is I can take care of him, Dean. I'm not sure about you. I'm sorry Dean. But please Let me take care of him. I'm the host and I'm his friend after all" Sam said and tried to pull Cas away from Dean.
"Cas, just scent me, please, just scent me from my scent glad, this must be some kind of mistake. Because I thought you were just angry with me earlier. But I can't believe you don't feel it, feel US, the bond we share, feel about us, please scent me Cas, just once? Then you will understand that I'm your Alpha, that we are true mates"
"Fuck, Azazel? What the fuck are you doing here?" Dean's voice mixed with anger and a little bit of fear. Fear of the question his mind asking which is,  if Azazel saw anything that he was kept doing here.
"Well well well look who we have here, the biggest nerd of the whole college, huh what a surprise I never thought you faggot got that much of gut to face me like this"
"Collin and Bradley, Steve and Bucky, Kabir and Khalid, c'mon stand up and change your seats, kids, I gotta mark this list correctly" Mrs.Pamela instructed them as students started to cry and happy yellings over name paring. Castiel's heart slowly started beating fast. On the other side, Dean was too excited and was smirking like a wolf.
"Hey, you boy, mind your language around me or I'm gonna give you a card, and you gonna sit on that bench in the next day. Do you understand?" Coach Rufus groaned at Alastair unexpectedly and Alastair quickly nodded at him.
"Sammy, what the hell man? You sure you are not into boys? Coz I think you are. When you gonna stop talking about this boy. I mean you said the exact same thing about him for the hundredth time now. Stop it dude" Dean yelled and Sam rolled his eyes.
"Yeah, yeah right, right of course. Um..
Castiel opens his mouth a few times like he was going to say something but, quickly make his lips into a thin line and frown at his hands on his lap.
"Woah Woah.. Dude, we are not being kind to you. We are friends of yours, remember F.R.I.E.N.D.S, So we just caring for friends idiot. That's all, but I didn't know about last year's incident until you tell it now, I will definitely take care of it" Charlie said with a determined voice.
"See what happened when you tried to fucking with the wrong guy Castiel? And remember I would never ever even think become friends with someone like you, you are a nothing but a curse for the world, cocksucker, remember I fucking hate to even see your stupid fucking ugly, cursed pathetic face, never show me that again" Dean shouted and stormed out of the corridor. Castiel just laid with a pool of blood and his vision gone black and all the insulting coming out of students, going more unclear.. Everything went blur and his whole painful body felt like floating. And slowly his eyes being shut without even knowing.
Dean felt his anxiety getting higher but before that, his phone started to vibrate which was on his lap. He grabbed it like a tiger who jump on a rabbit.
"Dean, you can't say things like that, why don't you understand, if someone sees us like this we both will end up with a huge disaster"
"No Mary it's not a big deal, just give me a minute," Said and Castiel rushed to the kitchen area. It's totally visible to the living room as they could talk while Castiel making drinks for them.
"Oh time is not important Cas, for you, I have my whole lifetime, no worries" He blinked dramatically making Castiel chuckled. Oh god that sound, Dean can hear that sound for whole his life. It's a kind of addiction.
Claire rolled her eyes when Alex asked for her win money as she won their bet.
"Great" He murmured before walking to his baby.
"Nah man, it was a family call and had to run, still have to take care of it, was a bit busy with it, so what's going on? you gonna go for the class or not?" Dean asked with a fake chuckle wanting to end the conversation with that.
Dean was impatient to know about Castiel. He knew he will not get from Castiel, so Dean tried his best shot.
Dean's gaze was on Cas's lips and then on Cas's eyes. Cas gulped looking down at Dean's lips but no one did not dare to move. Dean was dying to kiss those lips. Lick them just as much as he wants but he didn't want to scared Cas. He still didn't know if Cas is ready yet, so Dean didn't want to push him. Because of that Dean had to control his desire and hold him from leaning on and Kiss those plump waiting lips. And then Dean broke the staring contest and clapped his hands.
Castiel smiled at him and looked at Mary with a more relaxing smile on his face for the first time after they came here.
*Both of them are surprised with that and Prince Dean told to Prince Castiel that he was cursed by an evil witch and he will be a demon until he got the Kiss of Truelove.
"Wow, not bad" Dean started looking over Castiel's newly revealed office suit.
Well hello, I feel  bad because there are no much kudos and I feel like you don't like it.
Cas : are you Jealous Dean?
Suddenly the doorbell rang off.
Dean hates Castiel. He can't save him, and of course, he doesn't want to. And he doesn't want to watch the innocent kid get beaten by these demons here. But they are his friends his team he can't give his back to them. And there are some more major reasons that he can't help Castiel. So he used his brain. They were near their classes and probably the teachers have come to classes already. So he stood in front of Castiel. And growled loudly.
"What did you mean by real answers?" He asked with an unsure tone.
Sam ended college and he went on the same steps of his brother. Dean helped him with the financial side and after three years Sam started his own company which of course not big as his brother's one but Sam was very happy about them.
Castiel cried when he heard that and they kissed when they pronounced as Husband and Husband.
"I love you my Angel, my Beloved Cas"
"No, absolutely no Sam, I can't go into his bathroom. No way. The last time it happened because I didn't know it was his, but not again. God this is like a Déjà vu" Cas protested.
Cas was ready to end his work when he finally checks his phone. happiness glowed inside him as soon as he saw a text from Dean's number. Even he was thinking about Dean at the same moment. So he started to text with Dean the next second.
It was raining outside a few hours ago but now it's not raining that much. Anyhow he drove a bit carefully.
Dean gasps and looks at Cas with wide eyes.
"Nop there is another inappropriate behavior of yours, remember?" He asked.
"Let me finish what I started baby, let me make you cum, let me give you feel the best orgasm you ever had"
Okay, now it's getting clear. Castiel felt he is going to faint and he had to fought the rising panic. his heart hammered in his chest when his brain started to solve the puzzle piece by piece.
"Dean.. Stop dreaming about that" Cas says with a fake angry voice as Dean grins again. Cas slowly touches Dean's cock. Dean gasps and lifts his hips like he is fucking into Cas's hand.
"Whaaat? What kind of place do you plan to take me, Dean?" He asked through his laugh.
Dean stopped the impala with a sharp break and running to the hospital as soon as he can. He gave his mother's details and mention that she admitted in the morning after the accident as the nurse who was at the front desk quickly gave him details of the room where Mary was now.
At first, Castiel turned down Dean's date requests kindly and respectfully. He tried his best to be nice to his boss's elder brother, who was running his own company separate from Sam's company. Castiel was working as an Executive Assistant of Sam Winchester. At that point, Dean was only his boss's elder brother, not a friend but Castiel respect him because he is Sam's family, that's all. Otherwise, Castiel knew how to treat people like Dean. rich, spoiled, Narcissistic brats who have no idea of the value of people or never gave any respects for others, just easygoing, manipulative, selfish, patronizing, and demanding bastards.
"Thank you, sweetie, okay now we have to check everything, come check with me" Mary wanted to make sure everything is covered.
"Holy mother of god Cas, ohhhh fuck" Dean swears as his cock head finally going home.
This sudden comment made Dean's heart raced wildly. What's going to happen? Is Cas already got his decision? Is he going to say no? Is today's surprise made him angry? Thousands of questions popped into Dean's brain and he stayed still like a statue.
Castiel's shaking voice cut off by the stranger.
"Why?" Cas interrupted.
"Clarence son, sorry I didn't see your call, I just see the missed call, everything is okay right?"
"Oh okay I guess, um thank you for your kind words Mr. Winchester" He barely said those few words.
First one, there is no one to share the baking foods here anymore, if he bakes something he had to eat it alone, and he hated it. Of course besides the days Gabriel visiting him. But practically Gabriel was living in his own bakery so baking is not a fascinating thing or new thing to him. But He always loved Castiel's foods. He even had offered the job in his bakery after Castiel's graduation making Castiel rolling his eyes for his elder brother.
"Cassie, c'mon please open the door, I just want to see your beautiful face then I'm gone"
Castiels' voice was very weak. His face was flushed and redden with the cry and pain also it made worse, causing his plump split lips and the bloody line there.
"Oh is that so? Then I think maybe he will agree, I mean hell yeah, let me text him" Sam grabbed his phone and started to text with a huge grin on his face.
"No, Gabriel. You are not. I'm really, really fine now and you don't need to drive back here for nothing. I promise you, I'm fine. Besides you going to visit at the weekend, so it's fine. No need to come right now. Please I know how hard you work for your bakery and shop. so please don't try to drive 3 hours at night. Okay? I'm actually fine Gabe I swear"
"Oh, really Dean? I'm 25" Castiel said rolling his eyes this time.
"You never gonna forget that, right?" Castiel asked very lowly.
Dean said surprising Charlie and few other members. Because it's the best option to settle down the problem right now and lots of members were about to propose that, and even Charlie didn't know that Dean was aware of the problem. Because he didn't pay much attention to the Russia office lately. But seems like Dean is just the same old Dean, smart, very intelligent, and born for business kind of man. Even he was busy with his main company, he got this instinct to take care of all the problems around him. Charlie gave him a proud smile nodding at him, showing she is proud of him.
Then before he turned toward Sam to say bye, he pulled into another bear hug as Sam hugged him so tightly. The giant kid is a completely different one. Castiel felt happy and remind Gabriel. He never got a hug like this besides him. A real one. He hugged back with happiness.
"Okay then wait here, I will come back soon" With that she gone out of the room and Castiel knew this is his chance to escape as he jumped out of the bed and grabbed his trenchcoat. he didn't waste any time and escape from the hospital when he got the chance.
"And you, Michael. As the team captain, I expected more than this from you. But seems like it's time to change our captaincy. I warn you boy, if you did not start working harder than this, I'm going to rethink about the captaincy, okay? Coach warned Michael who is now staring at the floor gritting his teeth. The coach turned to Dean.
