Baby: Dean, are you almost done at the doctor’s?
That was why I was afraid.
Before he can cross the border of the camp, he’s on the ground, screaming.
he says
can’t
breathing gone ragged, his
on Cas’ neck, he plants a disgustingly wet and sloppy kiss right over it.
They’re breathing hard for a moment, as if maybe they’ve been running,
And now he’s not coming back.
Permanent.
“Yeah. Right. Totally what I was talking about. Let’s do that.”
“You came,” he says and his voice cracks and he sounds as if he worried about it all day, as if he didn’t think that Dean’s
It’s been weeks and weeks of being confined to his bedchamber
But now that it’s finally here, his throat closes up altogether.
who had run away. So hastily, Sam told them that they could sleep together in Dean’s bedroom tonight, which only resulted in thirty percent less tears, because Dean was emotional and cried, anyway.
the demon says and he can barely contain his chuckle
Okay. So one thing that Sam learns is that if he’s popular with the guys, then Cas is a freaking man
So, “What?” Rob says.
Cas grabs his wrist when he tries to go, reels him into bed, and Dean says, “Damn it, you idiot,” and then they're right back to kissing, except this time it’s tongue and the soft plush inside of Cas’ mouth and Cas
“I am…only a brother to you,” Cas says. “I won’t pretend to be—I won’t take advantage of a situation that—Dean, you…”
It’s only been one day since his little brother left for his mission and Dean doesn’t know how he’s going to get through twenty-nine more.
“You did it to save your family,” Cas says, quiet, and Dean's eyes blink back quick and confused.
alright, to preface this insane chapter, i will say that i truly did know not one but
He only remembers being locked up in a cell and one month where Sam suffered from pneumonia. Memories that were Sam’s. Memories that are now Dean’s.
Cas’ face breaks into a smile. It breaks into such a joyous glorious smile that Dean’s own heart seems to swell with adoration in answer.
“Mew,” the kitten kept whining urgently, batting its paw at Dean’s mouth whenever Dean tried to take another bite of some delicious patty and Dean fought the baby cat bravely, finally putting his meal down when the onslaught of the kitten’s terror became too much.
Cookie ended up shaking her cane after all. Sam too looked beside himself with exasperation. What a foolish boy! What a sweet but maddeningly oblivious child! Cookie couldn’t believe what she was hearing!
Cas rests his head against the window. Cas doesn’t acknowledge Dean’s vow.
Dean doesn’t know where the angel is taking them, but he keeps his distance. He trails behind, and maybe it’s with a half-hearted hope that if he manages to get back far enough from the group, he can make a break for it. But...he knows that he can’t leave Mom. And even if he could, it’s no use. As soon as he wanders too far, Cas—not Cas—appears out of nowhere to usher him along.
“Cas,” Dean says and he grabs Cas’ wrist but the angel isn’t looking at him anymore and he pulls away from Dean’s arms abruptly.
Except he can’t call Cas, so he ends up calling Sam.
A knife is placed in his hand.
“Cas,” Dean says, every time they pull apart for air and each time, his voice seems a little more desperate and maybe he just goddamn is. “
When Dean goes down, it’s only to find Cas and their pervert innkeeper in the sitting room with three other newlywed couples discussing Dean’s failing marriage.
“I saw him,” Sam says, “by coincidence in a store.”
. It takes all of his will power not to knock him to the ground right there and then. It takes everything, everything,
So Dean just watches Cas throw his clothes into the bag.
Cas says and he sounds triumphant.
Dean swallows
and Dean maybe feels as if he has the power of the whole world in the palm of his hand (Cas gave it to him).
Bobby raises an eyebrow.
Cas sits up in bed.
The Prim and Proper Men, The Docile Househusband’s Guidebook, Tips and Tricks for Well-behaved Gentlemen Groomed for a Submissive Disposition
Castiel giggled at the face Dean pulled after grabbing the wrong chips, “Excuse me, I believe those are MY chips, here are your demon chips.”  He said passing a purple bag of chips in Dean’s direction.
“No i didn’t, Dean told be about this ice cream place that i needed to try its apparently quote un-quote ‘the literal best fuckin’ ice cream in the world!’ And no, you don’t get any.” Castiel said all of this rather dryly even though inside his heart was going a million miles a minute thinking about the conversation with Dean. They were talking during study hall and got scolded multiple times, but neither of them stopped, about things in the town. Dean told him about a really good diner, apparently, with phenomenal bacon cheeseburgers and apple pie. Castiel had laughed at this comment, asking Dean if he was planning on dying at age 65, he replied with the fact that he’ll die happy and full. He then proceeded to tell castiel about other good spots and ending with the ice cream shop, and how he had said that he would “Love to take you there sometime,” blushing rather furiously, surprising himself how quickly that came out and continuing with “Ya know, so-so you could-uh- have someone guide you one the… Ice-cream-flavors.” cringing as the the last part came out.
“Alright--okay--mercy--mErCY” Cas said through a fit of giggles.
“I would never lie about food, let alone ice cream.” Dean basically scoffs this statement.
Castiel, stunned, didn’t say anything, which caused Dean to pull back and look Castiel in the eye to convince him that Dean wasn’t mad or upset. When he looked into Castiel’s shocked eyes, it warmed his heart, and they stood  like that for a few minutes, neither one breaking the gaze, finally Dean said “God, I’m so happy I could kiss you.” Except he said it so quietly and sincerely Castiel blinked, blushed and received a shot of corague from some unknown source.
I am SO SORRY this took me so long to upload and it's super short, these past two weeks got away from me before I even realized it. I will be trying to post every Saturday and I apologize if i get off that schedule, but you know, life happens. Please forgive me, and please enjoy this embarrassingly short chapter.
“Yes, I'm sorry, I never meant to take it, I just forgot it was on and thought it would be weird if I returned it later.” He said ashamed and embarrassed.
Chapter Three 1/2
“Um, oh, you know, um, never.” Castiel’s dropped his head in shame as he could feel the heat rise up his neck and get comfy on his cheeks.
I got quite a few kudos so I decided to continue it, I’d like to thank everyone, and please stick with me, I don’t have a good posting schedule yet. My apologies.
“Okay, no need to get your panties in a wad, I was only joking.” Cas says trying to suppress his giggle.
“I  NEVER CALLED YOU OLD!!!!! SAM WAS LYING.” Dean said defensively.
“Wakey, wakey, eggs and bacon!” Castiel sung into his room while knocking on the door frame.
“I’m serious, asshole,  I don't see them anywhere.” Dean says spinning on his heel so that he can gaze upon the entire parking lot and outdoor seating area.
-Real smooth there cowboy. *tips imaginary hat*
~~~~~~~~~
Through his laughter, he could only get out a fraction of sentence without dying once more, Cas was giving him a Sam level bitch face. “Ohmegod! *Laughter* you should have seen *wheezing* your face!”
:I kinda thought you already knew. Sorry.” Sam replies quietly, closing the door as he hangs his head in shame, staring at his hands that lay helplessly in his lap.
Castiel woke up at five in the morning to get ready for his first day of senior year at a new school. He woke up this early for the soul reasons that he was nervous as hell and excited to sleep any longer, so he got up and showered. Cas got dressed, he decided to wear his favorite pair of jeans and shirt, and for extra comfort, he also decided to wear his leather jacket because it gave off a badass vibe. He wanted people’s first impressions of him to be good, and being thought of as badass is great.
Cas glances at Gabe and just busts out laughing, like the kind of laughter that someone has to remind you to breath so you don’t die. The look on Gabriel's face was pure terror, he’s pale, eyes wide, eyebrows up, pupils tiny dots surrounded by a light golden brown sparkled with olive green and crimson red, and his mouth hanging open. Once Cas can finally glance up at Sam, he full one dies of laughter, clutching his stomach, head thrown back, and halfway to kneeling, all because Sam looked like a mixture of shock, embarrassment, and plesure. Sam’s eyes are wide, but pupils normal size, a slight smirk on his lips, and forehead slightly wrinkled by his eyebrows being drawn in.
“Could you at least tell me that you aren’t straight before I catch you making out with the new kid after school?” Dean asked Sam as soon as he opened the passenger side door.
“Wow, great conversation starter.” Sam scoffed.
“Are you just acting like a four year old or ARE you a four year old?” Sam spoke through laughter.
Mhhmmmm,” Dean sighs, “just the way I like it!” He says taking another sip from his coffee. “Thanks Ma.”
“Really?!” all the amusement drained from Castiel’s face and he glanced around the surrounding. “No one is around us how could I be making a sce...YOU ASSHOLE!” Cas looked at Dean who was biting his bottom lip while trying, and failing, to suppress a laugh. He then proceeded to hop, while spinning, from foot to foot, laughing.
I swear I didn't abbandoned this fic, I have had life happen this past few months, I am SO SORRY!!!!!! It has been hectic, I will not promise anything anymore about following a schedule, clearly I can't handle one. So i will post when I finish a chapter, i am SOOOOOO SORRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love you guys so much, and again I am SO SORRY! I will try harder to post much more frequently.  Again so super-duper sorry!!! <3
A few minutes later Dean came down the stairs wearing a pair of black jeans, and green Led Zeppelin t-shirt and a pair of black combat boots. Sam is already standing by the door with his backpack already on, he’s wearing a light wash pair of jeans, a black Pacman graphic t-shirt, a pair of black Converse high tops, with a green and yellow flannel tied around his waist.
“It just sounds kind of odd, I never said I thought it was gross.” Cas states with a very goofy grin, in Dean’s opinion.
“Castiel Novak, it’s nice to meet you.” Castiel said extending his hand, surprised that his voice even worked.
They both look forward at the 3 guys standing about 30 feet away and in unison both whisper, “oh my goodness.” at the to younger boys. Cas put a gorgeous face with the green eyes, and lets just say they looks so much brighter closer up and with the contrast of his sandy brown hair. Gabe was stunned by the other boys face when he walked through the doors, it was pure of innocence and shock, that he was now determined to ruin.
“Not until you agree to tell me when and WHY you were in my closet!” Dean said through giggles as he watched his best friend turn red, knowing full and well that he wouldn't last long.
-Hey I found them and sent them to a picnic table in a well viewed area lol
“You thought he was hot, didn't you?” Gabe says it like he just figured out how to crack the case to find the treasure. (National Treasure reference)
“Yeah, yeah, just don’t forget, you need to ready to walk out the door in 45 minutes.”
“Hey, I had to do something special for my big senior on the first day of school!” Mary replies. “And my big freshman!” she adds after Sam scoffs.
“Great!” Gabe said getting lost in Sam’s olive eyes in them.
“Okay, where’s my next class.” All nervousness vanishing from his voice.
They got into Cas’ baby blue Volskwagen bug and Cas plugged his phone into the aux cord, Queen began playing immediately.
“I was never in your closet, and why are you now standing?” Castiel wearily glanced out of the corner of his eye.  “Get that smirk off of your face, Dean, why are you smirking?” His voice slowly rose in pitch.
Sam on the other hand was looking at this geeky, hawian-shirt-wearing, boy with dirty blond straight hair, who was smiling. His smile was the most perfect smile Sam had ever seen, he had to have clearly had braces before, for his teeth were unnaturally straight. The reason he was smiling was because he saying some stupid, simple joke, a 5th grader wouldn’t find funny, and through his head laugh in laughter at his own joke causing Sam’s heart to skip a beat. His laugh was pure magic, and his smile could light up a funeral, maybe not his jokes though.
Jack opened his door, and snuck into the kitchen to put his plate in the sink, but spooked when he saw Sam, who was grumbling, while trying to wash the two-week buildup of dishes in the sink.
“So this shouldn’t be too long.  The body was buried, we’ll just need to figure out where.”  Sam stated, as Jack began picking the rice off of the vegetables, as he tried to consume only the veggies in the roll.  It was far too late to eat much more - a stupid rule that had emerged less than a week ago.
It seemed that people were being called one-by-one into the weight room, but for something that Jack didn’t know.  He just sat by the matted wall, waiting for them to call his name.
“I didn’t mean for it come off as rude, it’s just, we’re worried.”  Sam stated, and Jack found himself peeking.  He was tired of it all - really, but he just couldn’t get better, or eat, or gain weight - not now.  He had just gotten to a place where his body wasn’t giving him awful anxiety.
“What if you let me know if you do it?  I just want you safe.”  Sam suggested.
how's it working?
Christmas was something they had never celebrated, but with the end of the world not happening anytime soon - it seemed they had plans.  Sam didn’t really like the idea, but he had come around to the idea.  Inviting some old friends, familiar faces.  Jodi, and all of them, Garth, they even asked Crowley if he wanted to join them.  It was one of the strangest ideas they’ve had, but it only seemed the right thing to do, after everything that they had put him through.
“Yeah, really.  I’m fine.”  Jack lied.  He was terrified to make eye contact, as it would give everything away.
“I didn’t want to stop.  I’m sorry.”  Jack said.
It wasn’t until later, when he was interrogated by Ryan’s posse.  They had laughed at the number, but why?  Jack didn’t know why it mattered so much, but it hurt.
November wasn’t really that nice of a month.  Jack found it frankly irritating - the way he kept eating too much somehow kept his weight at the 118 mark.  It’d go up, and down, but always around 118.
Until it they started working their way into the woods.  Jack hadn’t eaten nearly enough for lunch, and the past month of not eating had gotten to him.  The stampeding through branches and brambles was hard, even for him, a Nephilim.
The other kids were really the part that Jack hated.  His teachers were nice, but the other kids seemed opposite.  They weren’t physical, which was probably a good thing, because Jack promised he wouldn’t use his powers for the time he spent at school.  They did tease him, mainly because of how awkward he was, as it placed a target on his back.  It seemed to hurt worse, as Jack wanted to make friends with the other students.  They would act as if they were nice, but just constantly use backhanded compliments to tease Jack.
144.4
Jack was washing the plates with Sam, who looked towards him, as his sleeve slipped just enough to see how boney his wrist had become.  The veins seemed to bulge just a bit out of skin.  The skin seemed to stretch so thin over his hands, causing the bones to jut just as much.
“I bet it’s 160, it’s definitely what he looks like.”  The other kid said, snarkily.  Jack just looked confused.
(See the end of the chapter for
He sat back in the booth, and just awkwardly waited until they decided to leave.
“Has it improved since the first session?  Or at all?”  The therapist asked.
finally working with my Cas trench on a cyr act - life update
It was Cas who walked out the door last, how duffel bag hitting his legs with each step, as his arm swayed behind him.
Jack was observing one dish on the kitchen table with intense intrigue, trying to figure out the contents.  He found oil to be a part of it, causing him to shake his head.
Getting better really just felt like he was getting worse.
Jack held onto Cas for a few moments, while they began the long walk back in the blooming darkness of evening.  It wasn’t a crazy long hunt, surprisingly.  They just spent a day with it, and it was over.  This was much easier than the last time Jack had hunted, mainly because they already knew what it was.
Dean's on his ass
“Five and a half, but my fake birth certificate says fifteen, sixteen in a few months.”  Jack explained, unashamed.
But this wasn’t easy at school, no.
“I said I’m fine.”  Jack said again, trying to keep the tears in his ducts.
One of the classic Winchester fights had begun - and it bothered Jack, but he didn’t have the confidence to get in between them.
Odd - that felt like it was high, as it was just a pretty large number for a single human being.  He felt sort of disheartened, and for no reason.  No one had ever said anything about it.
“Fine.  It’s been a weird morning.”  Jack said, and then pulled the assigned book from his bag.
Having Sam know was actually nicer than just Dean, who seemed to force food on him.  Sam was the one to make sure that he was ok.
“Bad day?”  Dean asked.  Jack just quickly shook his head.
Purging was something he read about, but not something he wanted to do.  Frankly, it scared him.  He knew it would feel good, but the actual thought was unfathomable.
Jack was restless in the car, especially because Dean had suggested food, and Cas had started searching nearby places in maps - that were open late.
She just found it weird, as well as him.
“Jack?”  He heard Dean call, and as much as he wanted to look, he couldn’t.
“Yes.”  Jack said - fibbing.  He wanted nothing more than to be left alone.  This was the absolute worst time to be seen by anyone.
“Why do I have to be here?”  Dean asked, rudely.
Sam called Cas to the room.  He showed Cas everything, and promised Cas to not blame himself.  It was not his fault, it was no one’s fault.
Sam was the last one to walk into the room.  He placed his bag down beside Jack.
He felt far too human for comfort.
“Earlier, at dinner…,”  She trailed off, obviously unsure of what to say.  Jack suddenly felt his body run cold.  This would not be easy, and it was not about his harmless crush.  His heart rate had started to pick up, while Claire’s cheeks also started to run red.  She inhaled deeply.  “You’re not vegetarian, huh?  And you were hungry, obviously.”  She pointed out.  The blood seemed to run from his head.
It wasn’t a way to live.
She also seemed to lead a large part of the school - as if it was a popularity contest.  Jack had heard of this in movies, but that it actually happened was weird - it was almost spooky.
He was silent, leaving the feelings to brew in his body - anger seemingly seeping, but remaining calm.  He couldn’t do anything but let them sit, destroying him.
The further the year went, the more Dean would do it, and it did hurt, yes.  Once the time was up; Dean ended up with quite a bit of crap pain.  A stabbing in his stomach, digestion issues, and his teeth were on their own way to destruction.  Dean had destroyed himself before the Hellhounds could.
Jack just had to keep this a secret - a tormented secret.
“Yeah except when he’s eating the kitchen and throwing up in the bushes.”  Dean pointed out, and it went quiet.
“You would’ve tried to stop it.”  Jack said.
“Is that your bowl from today, or did you forget to do dishes?”  Cas asked.
He was just not hungry.
He was still unhappy - that hadn’t changed in months.  The new year had pulled, and with it came the worst time of the year.  Jack hated February, but now, when he was in school - it was worse.  Kids had friends - and actual lives outside of school.
The first night that it happened, it wasn’t anything crazy.  Jack had snuck into the kitchen at 2 am, after another painful awakening.  He had scoured for basically everything that he could find in the room - everything that wouldn’t alarm anyone.  If big things went missing - which meant - if Dean’s pie ended up missing, there’d be some real scary consequences.
The first few days of school, Jack didn’t like it, and he tended to be blunt about it to most of the teachers - they didn’t like it all that much.  They never tried to show distaste, as they were under the assumption that he was homeschooled, so he didn’t have the social skills that most of the other students had.
Jack just walked straight into the bunker, not able to see anyone’s face.  It ended up being too much to bare.  He ended up in the library - in a corner.  Terrified of facing anyone.
“And that’s why you lost all the weight?”  Dean asked.  Jack nodded.
“And what do you mean by ‘anymore.”
It was worse than the stupid pain of November.  It was so much worse.
The most frustrating part of the class was his exhaustion.  He had run the two warm-up laps, and found himself feeling defeated.  He had read about being tired, but that was for humans.  He wasn’t fully human, so why was he tired?  Food couldn’t be that important, really.
Jack ended up getting up from the chair, and he walked into the kitchen.
Cas and Dean never really questioned the change in habits - they just assumed that Jack was adjusting to a normal life.  Sam seemed to sometimes observe Jack during dinner.  He never seemed worried though, just observant of Jack.  Probably just a bit of a reflex from a parent - Jack would assume.
Dean’s words didn’t change much, but now it put this idea on Dean’s radar, and anything on Dean’s radar goes to Cas’s radar, which ends up on Sam’s radar.
“You doing ok?”  Cas asked.  Jack just kept his back turned.
He couldn’t quite open his eyes - but he could hear most everything around him.
The small moments began to grow, and Dean found himself more in a state of how he used to be.
“After this, let’s split off again.  Sam, you and Jack, go ask around, research potential nests.  Cas and I, we’ll go prepare for the raid later.”  Dean suggested.
Jack was used to yelling - just not about him - it had usually been about Chuck or some demon - and Cas, before Dean got over himself and actually came out.
Jack had gone back to school a few days after the hospital, and no one seemed to leave it alone.  Some people reached out with genuine concern, others teased him for it.  Jack had learned to just stop caring - no one really noticed him anyway.
Getting back to Bobby, and then Sam was awkward - really.
Sometimes he’d force himself to eat less the next day, to make up for it.  It was the only thing that felt right - but it didn’t actually end up that well.  He’d either eat the normal amount of calories or eat too much again.  He felt pretty ridiculous.
“There’s leftover waffles in the fridge, if you’re looking for food.”  Dean pointed out.  Jack just shook his head.  He was unsure if food would even feel safe, or if he was still trying to get over the night before.
“I uh…”  Jack trailed off.  The therapist sighed.
“Cas, shut up.”
“All around, we’ve got enough space to house.”  Sam stated.  He was observing Jack, and the small movements of his body.  Sam hadn’t realized exactly how skinny Jack had become, but it was obvious.
“Jack?”
The large door opened, and Dean was walking beside Jack.  Sam couldn’t help but take extra notice to the large flannel drooping over Jack’s shoulders, and the masses of extra fabric.  He noticed how hollow Jack’s cheek were, and the way his neck tendons seemed to move when he talked.  It was haunting, really.  Sam could feel his own lump in his throat.
Jack threw wrappers in the trash as he went along, watching another mindless show, just to feel less like he wanted to just off himself.
Jack observed the menu, and the tiny numbers at the bottom of the descriptions.  He settled on some form of breakfast sandwich with about 300 calories.  It wasn’t great, but he couldn’t let anyone know what was going on.
Jack looked up, a terrified expression on his face.  He didn’t say anything more and escaped to his room.  That had pushed him over the edge, and all he wanted to do was throw his body to the toilet, puke until the acid burned, and watch himself fall apart.
He assumed he was just destined to have issues with food, and it’s either he eats too much or nothing at all and then consumes too much.  He actually found himself filled with more hatred for the fact that he couldn’t just starve himself.  Even for someone like himself, someone who didn’t really know all too much about eating issues - there was this hierarchy, and even with no competition; not eating was at the top, and binging was at the bottom.
Jack nodded slowly.  His heart rate started going down as the anxiety faded.
No one knows how to help
“Oh, yeah...I know.  I’m just not that hungry right now.”  Jack lied, as his stomach kept up with it’s awful protesting.  He picked more off of the bread, to alleviate some of the stress.
It felt as if this was crime sometimes, that he was breaking every moral law by lying, but he couldn’t possibly tell the truth without anyone getting involved, and consequently worried about him.  The sympathy kind of sucked, especially when it was Sam.  Sam just made it sound like some therapy session that Jack never asked for.
Footsteps in the hall, which caused Jack to quickly cease moving.  He waited for a bit, as he assumed that Cas was entering into Dean’s room, either to be on the same bed, or just to be present.
Going to the bathroom right after eating was such an obvious sign, but no one actually would pick up on it without tangible or audible evidence.
August was just horrible.  Jack couldn’t fit in, not with the hand-me-down flannels from Dean.  It was hot, but Jack felt more comfortable in the flannel, just to hide himself.
“Sam” awkwardly slapping the other boys hand.
“So you agree you like him.” Gabe says with a smirk despite the fact his cheeks are still painted a rose of embarrassment.
Sam glanced down at both of their schedules in his hands to compare them. “It’s all good man, we have all of our classes together.”
“Probably making out somewhere inappropriate again.” Cas says rather dryly, which earns him a rather painful punch to the arm.
“Boys!” Principal Jared’s voice echoed throughout the school over the old intercom system. “Other students will be arriving in around 10 minutes.”
As the younger boys run off, Castiel breaths a laugh and then whips out his phone to reassure Dean that he has located the boys and sent them in the correct direction.
“Oh my GOD! You totally do!”
He and Sam had to be there early on the first day to show around the new students, two would be actually be joining Sioux Falls High, a senior, Dean’s grade, and a freshman, Sammy’s grade. School starts at 8:30 in the morning usually, so they were asked to be there by 7:30. Since Sam is such a whiner about being late, he makes sure that Dean is ready to go by seven so that they can be there by 7:30, when they live fifteen minutes away, but Dean won’t burst his bubble.
“You’re really tall.” Gabriel said matter-of-factly.
Dean, sensing Castiel’s sudden awareness, held back a laugh and ended up coughing. “ okay so our first class is History, the teachers kind of a bore, but I heard the material is easy.”
Castiel collides with a hard surface and apologizes immediately without even looking up to see what is is he ran into. Glancing up to see it was a wall, only for a second before lowering his head in an attempt to cover up his flaming cheeks after hearing Dean’s bubbly belly laughter.
. It was strange, but underneath that was the overwhelming, encompassing feeling that he was truly
“Alright I did,” she let out a deep sigh and began to fiddle with her coffee cup. “I knew how important it was for you to find your true mate so I cast a spell.”
Crowley jerked free from his son’s hold and leered at both him and Dean. “Atlantis has lost its luster—letting humans in. Taking humans,” he scoffed “as mates!”
“I love you too, Dean.” Cas purred as he nibbled on his mate’s plump bottom lip. “Now, Alpha, why don’t you show me just how much you have missed me.”
“School.” Castiel sighed as he chewed on his bottom lip. “Are you nervous about school starting in a week, about being around so many new people... What if they don’t like us?” He let out another deep breath. “What if they think we are freaks?”
Thanks for reading our fic! Until next time guys... XOXOXO
Cas moaned into Dean’s mouth as he pressed closer to Dean and threaded his fingers through his hair, deepening the kiss. Castiel ran his tongue across Dean’s bottom lip, nipping it gently until his lips parted on a sigh. Cas wasted no time dipping his tongue in and letting it slide against Dean’s as the kiss grew heated.
“Castiel?” Dean’s voice was soft, timid, and so very unlike the Dean Winchester Castiel had known.
“Yeah,” Dean whispered as he wrapped his arms against his mate’s waist and pulled him flush against his body.
Castiel scuffed the toe of his shoe across the linoleum before he met the Alpha’s eyes. “I was just making sure Lucifer got socks and underwear too, because you said Ellen would have a fit, and I didn’t want my brother to get punished.”
chill, bitch,” he growled.
“It is,” Castiel agreed as Dean passed him his winter coat. The omega just stared at it.
“Oh, he did, did he,” Dean remarked, his eyes on the omega.
Cas nodded and snorted. “Get your mind out of the gutter, Dean,” the Omega mumbled around a mouthful before reaching for his napkin and wiping his mouth.
“I waited for him,” Cas hiccuped against Mick’s chest. “Even after all he had said, I waited for him for three goddamn hours by the Impala. He never came for me.” The Omega sighed his whole body deflating in the Alpha’s arms. “True mate or not, how could I have let him mate me when he couldn’t even stand up for me or what we had? God,” Cas growled as his fingers tightened in the meat of his thighs, “how could I have been so fuckin’ stupid?”
“My Omega,” Dean growled as he pulled his mate on top of him and into a fervent kiss. Castiel keened as his Alpha ran his hands down his shoulders, the dip of his back, and gripped the supple mounds of his butt. “Gods you have a great ass,” Dean murmured against his mate’s lips as he squeezed tighter. “Wait,” the Alpha pulled back and met his mate’s eyes, “is it called an ass?”
Castiel whispered right back, “Then do it.”
Now this hallway is always empty because it doesn’t lead to anything other than outside, it’s kind of a small hallway about 15 feet long and 6 feet wide with extra lockers, (that are never used), the only people who use it are dean and who ever he’s taking with him. He had told Sam to meet him by the car, not telling him about the secret hallway, so can you imagine his, and Cas’ reactions when they exit the doors and turn the corner to see Gabriel and Sam making out, quickly ending because of the creak as the door opened.
“Please, Castiel, call me Ms. Fran, when you call me ‘ma’am’ it makes me feel old.” She said with a slight chuckle. Her face then fell and she looked directly into Cas’ eyes, I feel like she’s staring into my soul thought Castiel. “I am NOT old.” she said physically cringing as she said ‘old’. “Ask Dean here, he’ll tell you how I’ll react from experience.” Ms. Fran said with eyes of daggers as she glared at Dean.
Dean climbed off of him and held out his hand to help him up. “Okay, here give me your hand you rolly polly.” He chuckled and pulled Cas up. As Castiel caught his breath Dean just stared at Castiel’s parted, pink, plush lips and his---Dean shook the thought out of his head and focused on his friend who, finally, has caught their breath. “Okay, spill.”
“Hey hey hey, stop Sam didn’t tell me anything, no need to go all homicidal on me, and get back here, you took the blanket and warmth with you.” Castiel picked the abandoned blanket off the floor and dragged Dean back to his seat by his sweatshirt sleeve, the anger immediately leaving him from the touch.
Finally a red SUV drives into the Principal Parking Only spot and hurries to the building and unlocks the doors. The two other students get out of the car and walk to the doors, the taller, obviously older one, turns around to look back at the bug and MY GOD… his eyes are a majestic green. He turns around and walks through the doors.
“Shit!” Sam howled through laughter.
“BEST BIG BROTHER EVER!” Gabe cheered jumping out of bed and sprinting down the hallway.
I have so much i wanted to put into this chapter, so i decided to split it into i think only two parts, to spare you a long ass chapter, this one's really short. BTW still haven't come up with a posting schedule, but i will try my hardest to post weekly.
Followed by a full seven minutes of full on belly laughs, until Castiel joined in.
Dean chuckled at his awkwardness, “it’s fine dude really.”
“Ugh, fine,” Cas starred as his feet, ashamed, “IwascoldandyouwnettogogetsnackssoItookoneofyoursweaters.”
They both burst into laughter, grabbing at their torso’s since their lungs were running out of air.
Castiel shot up, knowing exactly what Dean was getting ready to do. “ You back away sir, back-back away!” At that exact moment Dean shot towards Cas and tackled him to the floor, which had a beanbag in the way, and began to attack Castiel’s sides with his cheese covered fingers.
“Oh no reason, no reason at all.” Dean said oh so suspiciously and oh so calmly.
“Why didn’t you tell me you played soccer?” Dean questioned Castiel one afternoon after school. They’d started hanging out regularly after school for the past 3 months.
He walked down the hall into the kitchen to make breakfast for him and his brother, he walked over to get some coffee and on the pot was a note that read, “I hope you boys have a great first day! Me and your mom will be home around 6:00 tonight, we have to work over a little to be able to be caught up in the department. We love you guys! <3 - Dad”
“No.  I won’t yell.”  He said.
Or rooms?
“Then it’s working.  Recovery isn’t easy, especially for high school students.”  She explained.
Jack is back in school
There was more dread in his body, as it was another PE day.  Running had actually become harder - as if he was human.
His mind was racing with every single way he could try to burn the food off, so he could lose the weight again - when it was really, probably not anything more than temporary weight.
“Yeah.  Really, I’m fine.”  Jack reassured Cas, but it seemed that wasn’t enough.  Cas ended up sitting across from Jack, again.  Jack snuck the wrapped candy bars into the pockets of his shorts.
Apparently someone had put Gabriel on babysitting Jack duty.
This thing was thriving on secrets.  Dean always said he ate in the morning - before everyone else, dinner was usually just enough to not get looks, and then at 2 am, he’d gather what he hid, and eat and puke in the bathroom.
Everything, as crazy as it may seem.
“Yes.”
He kept heaving, with the odd gagging noise coming from the stall.  Footsteps had entered, but Jack couldn’t tell.  He just kept trying, and eventually it came up.  The gross clump of crust and the blueberry and sugar mixture - they were disgusting, but Jack just stood above it, flipping the puke off, while he flushed the toilet.
Except for the unending hunger, the cold, the way his hair seemed to collect on the hairbrush, the weird feeling he would get in his body every once in a while.  He was fine, really.
“Kenzie.”  She said, and gently smiled.  Jack couldn’t help but feel slightly better, knowing he wasn’t alone.
Jack quickly hid the scale away again, and wandered downstairs, just to see what was happening.  The best case scenario was Claire being down there, but he knew she was a late-sleeper, like Dean.  It was more than likely that Sam was down there.
“I’m fine.”  Jack said, quietly.  Sam went to sit beside him, and just sighed.
“Like you met them?  Or did you actually talk to them?”  Dean asked.
He ended up stripping into his boxers, and just staring at a mirror, again, his clothes beside him.
106.2.
Jack wanted to cry - obviously he wouldn’t in a class of 30 people, but he was overwhelmed with joy; just from feeling like he was a part of something.
The constant fluctuations of numbers bothered him, but it was apparently normal, he learned from a quick google search.  They were annoying, yes, but not completely infuriating.  He just learned when things would change, and how it felt when the numbers would go down or up.
Jack is back, and I found some time to finish a short chapter !!
Jack gets worse
He tended to aim for closer to 900 calories - higher than what he’d read online, but it was safer than eating too little.  He had made that mistake for so long, causing so much guilt to arise.
“He stopped it though.”  Dean quickly said.
“What’s up?  Not to your liking?”  Sam asked, jokingly.  Jack looked up.
“Dude, you good?”  The kid on the right asked.  He had curly brown hair and round glasses.  Jack was blanking on his name - Cory?  Cole?  It started with a C.  That’s all he knew.
“I mean, I can try.”  Jack said, defeated.
“I guess I don’t know.  I don’t want this to be the reason I’m weak, but I don’t want to lose it.”  Jack explained.
“Yeah, and it’s a bit concerning.”  Dean stated, but Jack had just ignored him, and went along his way.  His cheeks burnt red from anxiety as he walked back out.  He sat down, and even with Dean watching, he didn’t eat anything.  It was just not worth the aftermath.
Jack waited for Dean, and when the blaring music came close, Jack couldn’t help but feel relief.
“Anything you need to.”  Dean said, clearly unable to say anything.  Jack just sighed.
“Will he be ok?”  Jack asked.
“What time is it?”  Jack asked, groggily.
“Yeah.  It’s not something I talk about, but seeing you?  I couldn’t just remain quiet.  It might not do anything, but I just wanted to say sorry.  I know things haven’t been kind to you.”  She said.  Jack couldn’t help but find his cheeks flush.  He had never actually talked to anyone at the school - at least not anyone who wasn’t trying to be mean.
Dean ended up walking in next.  Jack just kept his eyes on the bowl, trying to avoid eye contact.  He felt heat radiate from his cheeks - embarrassed.
The door closed again.  Dean walked through this time, followed by Cas.  Dean was worried - which was hidden underneath the usual angry demeanor he had about him.  He looked like every single word wanted to just come bursting out - but they couldn’t.
He ate the piece, but not without guilt.
“About what?”  Sam asked.
“Leaving early Kline?”  The kid said.  Jack just kept walking, making sure to assert his disinterest.
But suddenly Jack couldn’t really catch his breath.
Dean and Cas had decided to stay behind at the bunker, because Cas insisted he wanted to decorate the entire library for the holidays - and as much as Dean didn’t want to stay, he didn’t want to leave Cas alone either; the last time hadn’t ended well at all.
It was some time before they left again.  Jack on his phone, Dean getting more food.  It was the usual sight.
“How’d it go?”  Sam asked, as he was walking from the library.  Jack chucked the bag onto the wood table under the stairs.
“Dean seems to be.”  Jack said.  Sam couldn’t help but smile.
October 16th was the day where the class was being weighed in gym.  It seemed normal, but Jack didn’t even know what it was.  No one had ever talked about it.  Dean maybe twice, but as a joke.
He just slammed the door to his room, distraught.
“Is 145 a lot?”  Jack asked, blatantly, confusing Dean.
“So what now?”  Dean said - definitely in his irritated voice.
The room wasn’t the most roomy.  Two beds and a couch, as per usual.
He quickly pulled the shorts up.  He tended to leave his shirt unchanged.
He eventually found some sushi, and happily handed it to Sam, who thought nothing of it.  They paid, and went back to the motel for research - which usually was Sam’s job.  Jack was mainly there for the physical stuff - and for moral support, assumedly.
They cornered him, and his legs, while shaking with each step back, seemed to buckle.
Cas was busy watching over Dean though, so Jack was alone, and bored until he fell asleep.
Sam was Sam, and worried.  Cas was confused, and Dean didn’t care too much, as long as Jack was eating.
Which felt dumb, but it was also a sign of starving.
Jack had noticed the way his body was different, as he stood in front of the bathroom mirror.  He noticed the little ways his bones brushed closer to his skin.  The sharper angle of his hip bones, ribs, and chest.  It was almost satisfying - if he could relax and not have to constantly run and hide with the fear of anyone seeing.
back again
It had gone from something so stupidly habitual, to the only thing he still hung onto from his past.
“Yeah uh-”  He started, trying to make excuses.  It was his defense, and it worked around Dean, Sam, and especially Cas.
Jack remained silent.  He looked upon his hands, and ignored the voices in the room.
He was picking at the plate, again.  It wasn’t bad; he just didn’t feel that great physically.  He wasn’t sure if it was just anxiety, or if he could get sick.  He just knew that if he did eat, it wouldn’t be staying down, so he just got up from the table, and walked up to his room, leaving a full plate.
He could feel Sam’s eyes on him for a second longer, but it didn’t feel like a critical stare, just a bit of a surprise, probably to see Jack in less than a full hoodie.  The stare diminished, and Sam was probably off to shower, leaving Jack in the library with a very sentimental Crowley and a clearly still intoxicated Gabriel.
“Ah.”  He said, out of reflex.
It went silent, and the therapist, who had just witnessed a very usual day in the bunker, blinked a couple times before processing what had gone down.
He had acquired a strange obsession with food.  The longer he went with restricting, the more obsessed he was becoming with food.  It was strange, but apparently not uncommon.  Watching the videos seemed to feed his obsession, as well as turn him off of food - even though he just wanted it all the time.
He would log everything into it - he promised.  It was the only way to track his progress.
“Jack?”  Claire asked.  Her tone of voice had changed.   Quiet, hesitant.  She didn’t sound scared, but he swore that Claire was never scared - not even when confronted with packs of werewolves.
To keep the cover, he reluctantly ate.
So he ended up flushing, even with the knowledge that it was awful - horrible for him.
So he hid.  He hid even more.  He would purge in bushes. Walk further, both to burn calories and to find public bathrooms, just to puke.  He hid his weight - it was easy in the dead of winter.  He wore lots of baggy clothes, so the only thing that could get worse is his face.
It was easier to sit with the discomfort.
Jack shook his head.
“What happens if you don’t?”
He was going crazy - and this was another sign.
Sometimes he’d find himself in a state of reminiscing  over a dark toilet bowl- remembering the old motel rooms, and the way Cas would just try to talk him out of it, every time he did it - but it never worked.  Dean just liked the sentiment.
“I’m not here to tease or anything.  I actually wanted to apologize.”  She said, calmly.  Jack just kept his gaze straight front.
“None of it looked good.”  Jack blatantly stated.  Sam rolled his eyes, and walked into the kitchen, where Dean just said: “I told you”, with his eyes.
A lil huntin'
“You know, you’ve lost a crap ton of weight.”  Dean stated - concerned.  Jack found himself stopped in his tracks.  He hadn’t really thought of what he would do if this actually happened.
He was sick.
Dean suggested they all go hunting together, but Sam and Cas had other ideas.  With Jack now able to just live - they suggested he go into high school.
He felt Claire’s eye on him, well, more on the exposed skin.  His shirt had accidentally rode up during the shift, but if he would pull it down, it’d be more suspicious.  He just left it, ignored it, and hoped it wasn’t too much.
Food didn’t do much either - it was just other pains - with more stomach issues.
“I don’t know.  I’m not feeling too great.”  Jack whispered.
126.8.
resolving of an argument
“Please go.”  Jack said quietly, and waited until Cas closed the door to even touch the food.
Jack finds a newfound obsession with food, and it sucks
He wasn’t really wanting to tell them, but he wanted someone to figure it out, so he could have permission to eat again.
“We found a spot.”  He explained.  Jack reluctantly unbuckled, and followed them into the diner.
It got worse, as life grew more normal, Dean became more abnormal.  He found himself just completely lost.  He’d stare himself down in the mirror, before and after a shower.  He never realized how much he seemed to hate himself.  The burdens of his past lay on his now slightly bonier shoulders.  He couldn’t help but notice the old scars and the way his shoulders held tension.  He could never escape his past, but he continued to attempt it, through all the stupid things he was doing.
“Yes.”  He said, nervous.  The whole bullying thing hadn’t stopped, even when Dean kept reassuring him that it was only because of being new.
“And Chuck?”  Cas asked, falling into a defensive mode.
There was silence in the room, as everyone was eating, and Cas was staring off into the corner, as per usual.
He couldn’t help but feel terrified.  It was something he rarely felt, but now, if he used his powers, he’d basically drain everything he had.  The only good thing was that his body still healed any wounds, instantly.  It was the one thing that kept him from completely freaking out.
He was far too tired to stay awake, and with it he fell asleep on top of his covers with nothing but boxers on.
“You’re acting like my parents.”  Jack mumbled.
“It’s just, it’s been two weeks.  Something’s different about you?”  Dean asked.  Jack felt the blood drain from his cheeks.
Some nights he’d still be up at 3 am, over a toilet, just trying to get whatever stupid thing he binged on.  It wasn’t diner food, nor was it crappy gas station burritos, no this was actual food, and it never settled well with his digestive track, which never quite healed up.
I need some prompts to get me thinkin on this one
(See the end of the chapter for
“Jack, it will.”  Dean said - giving Jack a look.
Why was he still here?
He just didn’t want to change.
“No.  I don’t want to.”  Jack said, quietly.
“What do we do now?”  Jack asked.  He was scared of the answer - really.
Jack couldn’t lie.  He was concerned, but it was also the first time he felt any form of accomplishment since he had saved the world.
“So the day you-you came into the car asking if you weighed too much, it was because of them?”  Dean asked.  Jack just nodded.
“I just-”  Jack said, quietly.
“I know you’re only like five, but geez, you’ve got the habits of a Winchester.”  She pointed out, as they sat.  Jack noticed the smell of reheated pie, and some other stuff from the night before.  His stomach seemed to drop with the same anxiety.  He observed the table, and found nothing safe.  He did want it, he wanted to eat all of it, really.  There was a hunger he had developed, and it seemed to never end.  It was the small stupid reason of calories that held him back.
“This is why-”  the therapist pointed out.  “Clearly there’s a lot of conflict.”
especially in restriction (at least not in my experience, but even in my worst moments, I wasn't dramatic - but drama makes stories fun)
“I love you.”  Cas said quietly, making sure Dean heard it a second time.
“You had an eating issue?”  Jack asked, confused.
“Sometimes you need to ignore it, as hard as it is.  Mostly they’re just bored.”  Cas explained - Jack just nodded.  He wasn’t really into the conversation.  He knew they’d stop if he just lost more weight, that was the reason they kept doing it, right?
Jack gave up on finding a book, but made sure to remember the spot.  He wanted to get away from the kitchen, maybe he could even get out of breakfast by sneaking up the stairs, as everyone was getting down.
“Yeah, Sophomore apparently.”  He stated, as his cheeks flushed just the slightest.
Sam and Dean seemed to believe Cas.  They were skeptical yes, but they believed him, until one day, where Sam was in Jack’s room, cleaning the floors, and he saw something odd from underneath a chair.  He thought maybe a blade of sorts, so he looked closer, and his heart had skipped a beat when he pulled the scale from its’ spot.  The glass blinded him for a second, and then the truth rang too clear.  Sam looked in the same spot to find the notebook.  He began to flip through it, and found the numbers.  The day it had started, and how it went down.  The weeks after.  Months, and to this day.  Sam saw the start.
“That’s a lot of food.”  Jack pointed out.  Dean leaned up against a wall.
He was never one to be crazy addicted to the whole thing.  It sort of ran in the background of the oncoming Apocalypse.
hello to all of you !
“Again, he’s fine now.”  Dean said again - making sure that conversation could be over as soon as it needed to.
“You going to eat?”  Sam asked. Jack put the cup down.
“You don’t just fix trauma, idiot.”  Cas said.
They stood entirely dumbfounded, eyes on each other.  No one spoke, nor did either feel they could speak.  Dean’s heart dropped as Cas’s heart rate picked up.
It wasn’t Dean or Cas that he feared when it came to confrontation, no, it was Sam.  Sam actually knew something about food - even this, obviously.  If he figured it out, Jack would see no end to it.
“Sorry.”  Jack said, and put his backpack between his knees as Dean sped off.
“Siren, most likely, but we’re not entirely sure until we ask around.”  Sam explained, as he made space for the plate being placed in front of him.
Jack pulled his hoodie over himself again, and walked towards the gym floor, where others started to run.
Dean would scoff at the idea, but he helped forge all the papers needed to get Jack into a local public school.  They lied about the fact that he really was only five, and said he was 15, going on to 16 in May.
He felt groggy, as if he hadn’t really gotten any sleep at all.  He tried to shake himself awake before heading to the bathroom.
“Jack, are you sure you’re ok?”  Dean asked, suddenly.  Jack’s shoulders dropped a bit.  Part of him wanted to explain everything that was happening, but there was something holding him back - completely.
250 calories.
He left the rice on the end table, in the original packaging, and brushed his teeth.  The food was terrifying him, but he had to just fight through the awful feelings and somehow sleep without weighing himself.
“My room.”  Jack said, and pointed towards the stairs.
Dean didn’t feel awful.  His head pounded, but that was normal.  His normal was a constant feeling of being ill.
He observed the movements of his ribs, as he picked up the white shirt.  It swallowed him, as he put it on.  His pants weren’t any different.  He had to poke new holes into the belt that once belonged to Dean.
“Yeah, bye.”  Dean said, and he received another swift kick from Cas.
“Well, then he’s fine, right?”  Cas asked, as he climbed the stairs to reach higher up points on the tree.
Cas was the one who pulled him up, after the aftermath.  He couldn’t really breath, no, as Cas held a hand to his forehead.  Their eyes met, and somehow he couldn’t face Cas.  It just kept bringing him back to his brother, and every memory ran through his mind.
“I wasn’t hungry.”  Jack pointed out.
“Yes?”  He stated, confused, and sat at the table.  A plate of pancakes slid in front of him.  He scrunched his nose, ready for an excuse, but Claire seemed to meet his eye with a look.  It was a daunting stare, which didn’t seem to go away until he actually ate at least a bit of a pancake.
“We are your parents now.”  Cas called from the foyer.  Jack sighed while washing the milk residue from the bowl.  He noticed the stronger heartbeat as he walked back out.  It wasn’t uncomfortable, but it was absolutely not comfortable.
“I tried cutting my own hair last Saturday.”  Jack lied.  It had just thinned a bit from the loose hairs that he kept shedding.
“I think most people are.”  Sam said.
Jack wanted nothing more than to stay up and do a bunch of completely useless exercise in his room, but he his body just didn’t want it, and he crashed while his computer was still on.
“How’re you doing?”  Dean asked.  Jack just sighed.
It seemed he was still the target.  The whole school was in on it now, and it seemed only his English teacher actually liked him.  She thought he had such fresh eyes to look at things - he liked hearing that.
“I guess I forgot.”  Jack stated, as he scoured the kitchen for anything that wouldn’t cause the hunger to start up.
Jack slinked into the bathroom. He noticed a dial one the corner, probably unused in years, but it still worked.
Being deceptive kind of sucked, especially when the one thing that doesn’t heal are the small red bruises on his knuckles.  They just seemed to remain, almost screaming at him.  It seemed his powers were definitely weaker when he didn’t really eat, but it was only small things that let him know.
Jack made some small talk with Cole, before heading towards the front door, to wait for Dean.
The side effects weren’t that noticeable, as his hair wasn’t long enough to be noticed when it fell.  His skin had always been pale, and clothes hid his body.  He always made sure to go to bed after Lisa, and in the morning be dressed before she could see any part of his body.
Dean ended up trying to contact others, he yelled out for Cas in attempts to wake him up a second time.  No avail.
“So you did all the research already?”  Jack asked.  Sam just nodded.
“Jack isn’t getting better.  That’s a fact.”  Cas stated, in the usual emotionless state.
The bunker looked so different with decorations.  A tree even stood by the large blue window.  It was the most normal thing they’d pretty much ever done.  Lights were strung along the stairs, and there was even a wreath, not made of meadowsweet, on the door.  Jack loved it, really.
It was hard to ignore it, but the party was going.  A few movies were watched, and a lot of alcohol was consumed.  It seemed everyone in the room, who had witnessed multiple endings of the world, had forgotten their differences, and even Crowley had pushed aside his own beef, to be with those he had taken a liking to.
Dean couldn’t help but feel nothing.  This wasn’t the ending he had predicted, nor had hoped for.  There was still a gaping hole.
Jack awkwardly shook his head, as his gaze moved to the floor.  His heart fluttered, as he stood.  It was almost strange, how tired he was just standing up, as if he had nothing left.
Sam tossed a fork at the wall in a sudden fit of frustration.  Jack flinched at the gesture.
“Is there a way to fix the trauma?”  Dean asked, and Cas kicked his shin.
Jack sat on the front steps of the house, he needed the air of the morning.  The January air was cold, piercing cold, really.  Cars drove by in the neighborhood, the sound of wet snow on their tires.
“I don’t know, time, I guess.”  Sam said, but it was obvious he was still on the fence.  Jack thought nothing more of it, and the absolutely awkward drive continued.
“Did you eat lunch?”  Dean asked, as they pulled into the road.
He knew his skin was thinly stretched across his ribs, and that his Iliac Crest stuck out on his back.  He just couldn’t care - not with his energy levels.
“Yeah.”  He lied - thinking it was enough to get out of talking - but the moment Dean shoved another stupid sandwich into his lap - Jack just couldn’t.
sorry ya'll time is not on my side
By about six, the prep was done, and people had started to settle at the large table in front of the library.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I didn’t ask for fries.”  Jack stated, once the waitress had left.
October was beginning to come to its’ close, and with it came the signs of frigid winter air.  The leaves had now fully fallen off of the trees, leaving the trees barren.  Jack had kept himself in check - still eating the same 700 calories, hoping it’d be the stupid solution to his problems.
This was one of them.
dude, it becomes so apparent that i'm mainly a realistic fiction writer -
“Well, you’re still technically five - also I get bored sometimes, not sleeping is weird when you are the only one.”  Cas explained, which basically confirmed Jack’s theory.
“Do you promise not to do that either, anymore?”  Sam asked, and motioned to the knuckles.
The night turned to early morning, and one by one, everyone either left, or fell asleep on couches or spare beds.  Dean didn’t make it to his room, and Sam dragged himself to his own in the nick of time.
Dean hadn’t ever expected it to come back, as his life had seemed to be so stagnant.  It was always the same, just different areas with different monsters.
It was mindless.  He just ate with no thought, consuming anything he could - as he channel surfed - so he couldn’t pay mind to the food until he awoke from the trance - which had him panicked.
“Just making sure, still in pain?”  Sam asked.  Jack shook his head.
It was another dinner, and Jack was shoving the food along the sides of his plate, trying to figure out if he wanted to eat anything, or try and wiggle away from the table - with another dumb excuse.
“Would you eat if you were left alone?”  She asked.  Jack shook his head.
Jack spooked, and pulled a hoodie over his torso, to try and hide the scratch wounds.
“How was tonight?”  Sam asked.  Jack took a deep inhale.
He also liked French and the theatre class he had wanted to take as his elective.  He didn’t like anything else.  Gym was awful.  He liked running, but only when chasing a werewolf or some ghoul, when it was for a grade, he just felt awful.  He wasn’t slow, not by a long shot, but he was still human.  He would get tired, and it wasn’t fun.
They finished packing the room, and prepared for the long drive back.  Jack was in the back with Cas, as usual.  He just remained silent, hoping no one would say anything.
“In this instance it’s basically making yourself puke - can be other things but-”  She explained.
“I did.”  Jack stated, proudly.
“Maybe later.”  Jack stated, and went for the last bit of coffee instead.
He needed support that no one could give him, as they never really learned how to deal with anything either.
Jack’s heart was beating out of his chest as he sat.  He reached for a roll of bread to pick at, so his plate wouldn’t be blatantly empty.  The voices of everyone talking all at once echoed throughout the library, while Jack sat quietly, picking apart the roll, trying to keep his eyes down.
“I brought you food.”  Dean said, and Jack just sighed.  He started to get up, so he could pack his bag.
“It was cold.”  Jack said.  He continued into the library, hoping to get away from his room and laptop.  It got boring, and sometimes just overwhelmed him.
“Would you feel better if you could eat in your room?”  Sam asked.  Jack nodded.
“I should probably go sleep before Jody comes searching.”  She said, and left the room, leaving Jack and his Nephilim-induced insomnia in the dark.
“Talk to me.”  Dean said.  Jack kept his gaze on the table.  He found it almost funny, how Dean liked to play therapist with him, yet Dean wasn’t exactly one to open.
“Jack.”  Dean said, and it was all Jack needed to turn red.  He looked down at the plate, picked up a fry, and started to tear it into pieces, consuming just a few of them, but many of them didn’t make it anywhere but the plate.  It wasn’t until Cas noticed the mess, and just quietly shook his head.
“I uh, want to help, for real this time.”  Dean said, in an odd tone.  Something empathetic, something he had rarely ever been.
It seemed that meeting Castiel brought him back to reality, but when he learned of Sam’s whole demon blood addiction, he found himself back with the awful guilt.  The guilt that caused him to completely fall back into his old habits.
“Yeah, well, you ended up passing out.  How’s the head?”  Sam asked, quietly.
The early morning began to grow, and Jack awoke at the usual time of eight.  He felt a pang of hunger in his stomach, but it was normal to wake with such a feeling.   He had to go pee, and then weigh himself.  Jack had dragged himself to the bathroom in a t-shirt and his boxers.  It wasn’t until he was midway through the morning piss that someone else walked in.  Jack froze. If it was Cas, he was dead. If it was Sam, he would be in for a long hour. If it was Dean, he was dead.  Jack remained in the bathroom for a few moments, but it seemed whoever was in there didn’t leave. Jack realized he would need to reluctantly slink out at one point.
He was quite surprised when Dean just threw himself onto Cas in a hug.  Not a bro hug, not a friendly hug, but a close hug.  Dean pulling close with Cas hesitantly accepting, and held Dean’s head in his palm.
“Yeah, as of yesterday.  Sam told me.”  Dean said.  Jack could hear some of the skepticism that ran through his voice.
“I uh, I know Dean can be difficult.  I promise you he cares.  I brought you dinner, uh, I know you’re hungry.”  Cas said, carefully.
He noticed how the weather started to change in September, and the leaves changed.  He always liked the way they changed.
The world was finally not on the verge of ending.  Jack wasn’t dead and he had a soul.  The Empty had broken its’ deal with Cas.  Dean got to say “I love you” to Cas, whom reciprocated the words.   Crowley had taken Hell back from chaos after somehow finding his way back to life, and Chuck finally learned common sense - which caused him to run again, as he tended to do so.
Jack wasn’t keen on therapy - not when it was mandated by the hospital, and not now.  The lady, Laura, kept asking him questions - and they were all questions that he didn’t want to answer.  They were hard, and Jack always wanted to leave.
It took an hour before a word was spoken.
what's up
Jack froze for a few moments.  He started to form excuses in his head.  Everything was already used - and they’re not believable for much longer after one use.
Jack found himself on the motel bed, his head aching as he sat up.
He kept trying to hide the wrappers with tissues, but he realized that clean tissues probably wouldn’t help his case.  It was all just there, obvious.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t know, I’ve not gone a day without it.  I guess I am addicted.”
He did eat - and didn’t feel too horrible while he did so, but the awful feelings came afterwards.
“No.  I just feel like I don’t know who I am without it anymore.  I know it’s only been a few months, but it’s changed me.”  He explained.
Jack hid the scale, pulled the one hoodie over his torso, and trudged downstairs.
“And now?  Do you still think you’re too big?”  Dean asked.  Jack just looked blankly.  He was far too scared for emotions, but truth rang true.
He assumed it was Dean or Sam, maybe even Cas.
After splashing some water on his face, he walked downstairs, acting as if nothing was wrong.
Here it was scary - everyone was eating the same time.  Eyes were everywhere, and if he didn’t eat - they wouldn’t let him hear the end of it.
Jack walked into the room on his schedule - they called it “homeroom”, but it really wasn’t home at all.  It smelled strange in the room, and the air conditioning was blowing in his face.
“How tall are you?”  The teacher asked.  Jack felt his eyes widen.  He had only really figured that out once, but it had been a while ago, while being compared to Sam.
“So you’re not ok?”  Dean asked.
“Yeah.  I brought what I didn’t eat.” Jack said quietly.
Mainly Dean to Sam or Cas.
“Well, yes, it is Jack after all.”  Cas stated, his voice satisfied.
Silence continued.  Jack avoided any eye contact - as it would make things more awkward.
Jack could feel all eyes upon him, and some were concerned.  When he looked up there was only a single pair of eyes on him.  Cas, who seemed to have nothing better to do than stare at his son, who was picking a single roll of bread apart, but not eating anything.
“Well, everything.  I don’t know why I do this, you know.”  Jack explained.
“Well, yes-”  Sam said.
He shoved himself onto the cold, hard floor, so he could try to at least heal partially.  He wasn’t the best at it, not anymore.  His body didn’t quite have the energy.  It was slower, much slower, and with the extent of all the stuff he was doing, well, he could never quite let it heal.  There was always a slowly increasing amount of destruction on his body.
Jack felt a pang in his stomach. Hunger most likely, and with it he got up.
Jack looked up.
Jack ended up going back to the library, as others were still talking, while snacks lay everywhere, and he found Claire again, just to keep himself from feeling lonely.
He found himself standing on the surface, and saw a number.  He didn’t understand the number.  One-hundred-and-forty-five pounds.  It seemed large, but maybe it wasn’t.  He didn’t know.  The teacher seemed indifferent, so it was probably fine.
Then he saw Gabriel, who apparently wasn’t dead - again.  Then the apparent King of Hell, Crowley, who gave himself a second to look at Jack like some proud uncle, much to Dean and Cas’s amusement.   It was more like an awkward family reunion, but with a family full of mismatched souls - who were all damaged in some way.
Sam was back at the bedside at those words.
writer's block galore
soz bc it only comes out every few chapters
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t know.  He won’t talk, and now this?  I thought Nephilim were basically bulletproof...Cas.”  That was absolutely Dean.
No longer was Jack the target of any bullying, interestingly enough - he was now just consumed with the stupid disorder.
There was yelling downstairs - a plate had broken, and Jack felt like he was to blame for all of it.  This was his fault - but he couldn’t control the reactions of others.
“They keep asking me questions.  About food.  I’m sick of talking about it.  I just want to be left alone.”  Jack said, his voice raising and lowering.
One turned to two, then three, then four, then it was the box.  Jack quickly stuck it into the trash, as panic began to set in.  He was scared, but it seemed to not be enough.
Hospital feels time
Sam cleared his throat.
Chuck had fallen, Jack had decided to separate from the Winchesters, and they were safe.
And he absolutely hated himself for it.
The break seemed to end, and Jack went back with a new confidence. Maybe he would be left alone for once. He already seemed to find himself blending in, as if he was small enough to just disappear.
“I was, but it’s hard to stop.”  Jack said, trying to reassure Dean.
“Where are you going?”  Dean asked, his eyes glaring.
“Yeah, I’m vegetarian now.”  Jack said, again, hoping to use that excuse.
Dean ended up walking back in a few moments later, and Jack found his anxiety really increase, especially with the look of concern on Dean’s face.
Cas ended up in the kitchen next - probably waiting for Dean to trudge in the familiar bathrobe.  It was still funny to Jack - everytime Dean would trudge in with the robe and morning hair, usually attached to Cas.
This was his own stupid thing, and with the starvation came the addiction.  He was so damn broken.
Jack ended up running into Cas as he walked out into the library, who was just being Cas and standing, staring.
“So you’re not angry?”  Jack asked.
Jack crawled into bed.  He felt a strange pang of hunger in his body.  He couldn’t help but find the reminiscing strange.  Part of him wished that he was just normal again.  It had only been two months, but it never actually occurred to him that he couldn’t actually just stop.
Jack just retreated to his room, leaving a half-full plate.  He felt an odd heaviness in his body, as he sat on his bed.  It wasn’t comfortable - he didn’t like the feeling at all.  It made him feel fat - frankly.  He just felt gross.
He couldn’t say anything about it though, so it just ended up being buried like everything else.
118.6.
The expression on his face was unrecognizable when he saw Cas back in the flesh, standing, and just as disheveled.
There wasn’t much to do on a Saturday, unless there was a hunt.  Sam would sometimes drive to local farmer’s markets in the sumner.  Dean spent the time looking for more cases and telling Jack to find friends.
“I know.  It is getting better now.”  Jack explained, and decided to drag himself back to bed, before the morning weigh-in crossed his mind in detail.
115.8.
Sam opened the car door, while on his phone.
The door opened, revealing Jody, who had apparently just got home.  She smiled, as she let them inside.  Jack awkwardly stood in the living room, while she closed the door.
Dean came running out, leading the vamps straight into the other three.
Jack finished the first piece, and spent so much time trying to not touch anything else.  He was still hungry, mentally and physically.  He was always so stupidly hungry.
He couldn’t help but smile at the recent success.
As often as Sam, Dean, or Cas would fight - He assumed that he had accustomed to it, but he still hated it - every time a voice was raised - it would stress him out.
“Good.  Sorry about the hunt anyway, I know you wanted more than some angry ghost.”  Sam apologized, but it still irked Jack.  He wanted that escape, but it wouldn’t be the last hunt during the break.  It was just interesting, how few monsters seemed to show themselves at this point after saving the world.
He had no control.
Stairs never felt so hard.
“Dean, it’s a good thing.”  Sam explained.
No one seemed to notice, but Dean kept a closer eye on him, just in case something has started up. He had heard of most of the stories from the first two months.  He knew that school wasn’t easy on Jack, but he also knew that Jack was strong.  He promised they’d take him on a hunt during the fall break.  It would be a good break for everyone.
“And what would help?”  Dean asked.
“If we don’t, then you wouldn’t eat.  We tried that.”  Sam pointed out.
“I mean, I’d have to ask, but all signs point to it, yeah.”  She said.
It was Dean who felt guilty, after Sam released Lucifer from Hell; had he not been trapped by angels, could he have stopped Sam.  It was his fault, and Sam seemed to blame himself, and not Dean.
no time for anything
Sam’s eyes ended up on those - just for a moment, before jack quickly pulled his knuckles into sleeves.
It was another day of Soccer, and Jack being picked last for teams.  It was definitely the other students’ way of still giving him crap, but not getting in trouble for direct bullying, as the school was cracking down a bit.
So time rolled around, and they pulled into the torn up parking lot.
“You don’t have to be, really.”  Jack assured him, but Dean seemed unable to let it go.
“So what?  We’re talking about feelings now?”  Dean asked, mockingly.
“You sure you’re ok?”  She asked.  Jack nodded.
“How’d you sleep?”  Cas asked.  Jack shrugged, as he prepared his bag.  The early morning light really let itself be known through the window - illuminating the large room in a very soft light.
Jack said nothing. He wasn’t hungry, but it was again, Dean who shoved a plate in front of him. He looked up with fear in his eyes. He wasn’t in the state of mind for food - even if he wanted it.
“Hi. What are you doing here?”  Jack asked, confused.
So with the exhaustion, he found himself unable to continue to stand - so with it, he passed out.
The success being his own self-destruction, but veiled as just “another 10 pounds”.  Even with his weight dropping under 110 for the first time.
The problem with being a nephilim was the fact that anything healed.  Any ailments - which included the damage from purging.  He basically had this free pass to puke all day without pain, but he didn’t do it.  Purging was his most hated behavior, and it was only recent.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jack went to take a shower, mainly from boredom.  He closed the bathroom door, and stripped naked.  The mirror tempted him, but so did the shower.  He liked the feeling of water, especially when it beat down his back.  The constant pressure relaxed him.
Jack found his own face unnerving - it wasn’t what it used to be.
“It’s ok.  There will be another one.”  Jack stated, and he ate the sushi rice, and picked at the breakfast sandwich.  He didn’t know the calories, and promised to frantically google in the car later.
The first day of school was rough on Jack.  He slammed his alarm across the room, inhaled more food than he had basically ever inhaled, rivaling Dean’s love of garbage in the morning, and complained to Dean the whole way there.  Jack just didn’t like the whole concept of being stuck for hours a day, learning useless things.  The others didn’t even know what he was, or anything that he did.  No one knew that he saved the world, twice.
It seemed some long time had passed before he was startled with a knock on his door.
It had been a few months, and they had all decided to take a longer break...a vacation as one might say.  They finally tried to find the piece of mind that they needed, even trying therapy to work through all the awful feelings that they sat with.
“God.  When you thought it was all over, this happens.  It’s like we never get a break.”  Dean exclaimed again.
Dean found himself in an awkward position.  Relieved to be with Cas, frankly, he had been entirely desperate for this moment - yet now he had to go back into hiding with his old coping mechanisms, knowing that someone was over his shoulder, and knew every small detail about his head.
hello ya'll
and still have a lot of writer's block
But he couldn’t.  The bathrooms were no longer soundproof with the doors remaining open.
When he had access to food, and it was moreso regular; the habit never left.  He just started purging to keep himself in check.
“Kid probably deserved it, didn’t even touch his pancakes.”  Dean said, sitting at the spot, and basically inhaling Jack’s breakfast.  Sam rolled his eyes at Cas, who gave just the slightest acknowledgement.
I'm determined to finish this thing.
He wasn’t pushed over the edge for a while.  It just came to haunt in many small ways.  The way he’d sometimes eat a little too much at night, causing him to not eat the next day - but it seemed to only happen every once in a while, and it didn’t really scare him, frankly he found it calming.  It helped him when things started to get bad.
His life changed drastically, and with it, so did he.
It wasn’t the consistent need for food, no, he had already been dealing with that for ages - now it was the pain that came from it.  Pain was the biggest indicator that something was wrong, something that he wasn’t able to immediately heal.
Sam asked too many questions.  He was worried about Jack, and that was fine, but he seemed too invested - it was uncomfortable for Jack to have no boundaries.
“Jack was uh, he helped out.”  Dean said, realizing that Cas wasn’t aware of the transfer of power.
The Impala had a completely different environment.  Jack just awkwardly sat in the passenger seat, and Sam kept skipping through the radio, trying to get a station without christmas music.
The morning was different.  Jack was the last to wake up, and it was to the smell of bacon. He blinked a few times, and then sat up. His body hurt, and all he could think about was checking the bathroom for a scale.
Dean had the idea of just doing everything that day, instead of a whole investigation, especially with the knowledge they had from the first time.
Jack was one of the last people on the sidewalk.  The August heat had started to get to him, and once Dean pulled in, Jack was basically drenched in sweat.  He excitedly got into the Impala.
“It’s a movie, nothing you see is real.  They only care about the drama.”  She explained.  Jack gave a nod, and ran a hand over the tendons on his wrists.  He liked the way they moved.
Jack was an excited kid - literally, this was the first time celebrating Christmas, and he was ecstatic - until the afternoon.
“I can forgive you.”  Jack said.  He found his right fist to be clenched, his nails digging into his palm.
“Why, is it giving you anything other than pain?”  Dean asked.
“So now you’re speaking for him?”  Dean asked, still peeved.
He noticed the way his eyes began to light with frustration, but he made sure to hide it before he acted on it.
“I’m hungry, but I’m scared of being hungry.  I’ve been doing it since December.”  Jack said.
never thought I'd find the time to update holy
The class passed, and he went to pack up his stuff.
“I don’t know how much I remember, but I can try to help.”  Sam sighed, as he sat beside Jack.  The two started trying to figure out simple equations, and Sam kept googling different formulas upon formulas for Jack.  Dean had started ordering dinner - as he was never a fan of anything home cooked - especially not from Cas.
The air was absolutely awkward - Sam knew, Jack knew that Sam knew, but no one could say anything.
Back at the bunker, Jack found an almost horrifying smell begin to waft.
The panic of afterwards.  The pain that came with binging, and then the onset of the crappy amount of guilt.  The silent running to the bathroom, the water running as he shoved his fingers down his throat and puked up all he could in the same panic as before.
He was hungry, yes, and that absolutely bothered him.  He picked at the food that felt safe, and consumed just a bit.  It was enough to make him feel better, but he stopped with remorse, knowing it was just going to get worse.
Sam was beside him, and Jack couldn’t dare look up.  As empathetic as Sam was - he was still stern.
“I’m perfectly fine.”  Jack said, and shoved the clothes into his duffel.  He laid himself onto the bed, and pulled the sushi from the end table.
“Look, I know things haven’t been the greatest.  I mean, everything that happened with Heaven, and Chuck, and then throwing you into public school, which was probably the hardest, honestly.  I know we haven’t really been there for you, really, but I want you to know that we are here for you.  This is some rough stuff to get through.”  Sam said, his voice soft.  Jack looked up.
“Trust me, you do.”  Dean explained.  They piled into the car.  Sam and Dean in front, Cas and Jack in the back.  Jack started tearing a few pieces off.  Hiding some in a tissue he had in his hoodie pocket, the rest he actually consumed, but not with a stupid plan for later in the drive.
“Yeah, what?”  Sam asked.  Jack pointed to the sheet.
Jack sat upon the table - his hands shaking, and the small scratches upon his wrist burned - only slightly.  They tended to itch much more.
“It’s just stress, really.”  Jack lied again, but just enough that Dean would buy it.
“Dean, it’s ok if Jack doesn’t want to speak.  This is a lot to process.”  She pointed out.
“I was going to eat in my room.”  Jack said, turning red.  His eyes were locked with Cas’s own sad eyes.
He just scoured the library for anything that wasn’t lore or about monsters.  He knew there had to be something.  No one could live in a library of only monster lore.
“Pounding.”  Jack explained.  He felt his cheeks redden from embarrassment.  He started to try and get up, but Sam was looking at him with some concern.
“So it’s weak?”  Dean asked.
Dean was already out the door, and Cas followed.  Jack followed Sam with shaking hands and far too much anxiety.
“He’s just curious, I mean what does the son of Lucifer do after the world is saved, you know?  Frolicking with god is obviously off limits.”  Dean stated.  Jack just stared blankly, unsure of what he should do or say, so he wandered back to help Sam set the table, and carry the food out- mainly to observe it closely, and figure out what he can eat.
Sam just wanted to invite friends without the whole Christmas thing.
It wasn’t until they pulled back into the bunker that anyone spoke.
man, writer's block can suck it
“Not going to be a problem anymore.”  Dean said, and started to get closer, realizing it had been a week since he had last showered.  One of the more embarrassing parts of his inability to cope.  Cas found himself backing away, still terrified of Dean’s response.
They’d stop if he changed.
“They don’t like me, and I don’t understand why.”  Jack explained.  He felt the guilt rising in his throat, and he felt as if he might puke, but he read about that.  He didn’t want to do it.  It sounded pretty horrible.
When they arrive at the school, Dean shuts off the engine and looks around the parking lot to only see one car, a baby blue, Volkswagen bug. The principal does not drive a baby blue Volkswagen bug, so they must be the new kids, and the principal isn’t even there yet because it is 7:08 in the morning.
“Okay Mr. Never-lie-about-food, they have some pretty odd flavors here, which would you recommend?’ Cas asks after the laughter subsided to a minimum.
“We...umm.. should probably get going.” Sam said, the floor was suddenly very interesting, hoping Gabe didn’t see the growing blush across his cheeks.
“Well boys I must be getting to my office. Here is what you need to show them.” Principal Jared said handing Sam and Dean both a paper. “I am sure you’ll like it here, I’ll talk to you guys later.” He said directed to Gabe and Castiel.
“Well it’s better than silence, Samsquatch.” Gabe replied, not even thinking about it.
“Oh thank God! You are my favorite person on this entire planet!” Dean said wrapping a very confused Castiel in his arms. “My great aunt got me that and it makes me look like a carrot! I wore it once when she was here and she was here this past weekend and Mom tried to get me to wear it and when I couldn't find it I said that it must have shrunk in the wash and we got rid of it. Goodness it’s uncomfortable, I hate wearing sweaters.” Castiel watched as Dean rambled, still holding Castiel in his arms.
They walked out the door, Sam scurrying to the passenger seat, which had Dean rolling his eyes and lightly chuckling. Dean through his backpack in the back seat and hopped in the driver's seat and started his Baby up. They drove all of the 15 minutes in silence except for the purr of her engine and the humming of the wheels on the pavement.
“Okay, first of all, my Doritos are not ‘demon chips’ just because they’re spicy, secondly back to the original topic, how come you never told me you played soccer?!”
“Are you alright?” Gabe asks knowing something is up with Cas that just happened.
Their last class, gym, both boys fairly athletic, so the class was an easy A. During gym they usually had to pick a partner, usually Dean was with Jo, his best friend and sister figure, but this year, they didn’t have the same class, so Dean asked Castiel if he wanted to be partners. (not even thinking twice about it before asking.)
“So Castiel, like the angel?” Dean asked after about 15 seconds of silence.
“Umm, *cough* Ms. Fran, this is my friend Cas..tiel.” He said blushing like a mad person, looking at his feet like they were the one who did this, and rubbing the back of his very red neck.
“It could be though!” Gabe said this and Castiel, not even looking at him could hear the sly smile in his voice and picture it on his face. “By the way, sweet cheeks, you went the wrong way.”
Principal Jared eyes both of the boys and then turned to Gabriel, “Gabriel, this is Sam Winchester.”
Chapter four
“Yeah, I don’t even know why though, we aren’t even religious, it’s kind of odd but I like it.” Castiel rambled. “Sorry... didn’t mean to rant.”
“Okay.” Is all Gabriel says, thinking oh he totally thinks he’s hot, but now he's pissed so lets make that better! “ Okay, but if you get married one day you so owe me some strawberry syrup covered bacon.” He says as Cas opens the door, flipping him off as Gabe is smiling like he won the lottery, when he flipped him off that quickly escalated to him laughing his ass off.
“I AM NOT BEING EMOTIONAL, you-you’re just being...being...a PRICK!” Dean exclaimed as he stuffed his face with a handful of Fritos.
“I wasn’t knocking it, I was just commenting on the unique name.” Cas replies cautiously not wanting to actually offend Dean about his hometown ice cream joint’s creativity.
“I’m giving you an out, okay? You guys go and sit at a picnic table and I tell Dean that you guys were talking around the corner.” Castiel said with a stern look, almost fatherly, or like that one really cool uncle, at least that’s the vibe Gabe gets. “So Sam, you can chill I won’t tell him that you two were making out,” Sam exhales a breath, “ONLY, if you please, for all that is living, stop making out whenever you two get your hands on each other. Deal?” Castiel still has the stern, ‘I’m-your-uncle’ look glued to his face.
“Oh shuddup!” Dean slightly pushes Cas in the shoulder, who is currently doubled over in giggles, which causes Dean to chuckle and turn bright red. “You realize you’re making a scene, right?”
“Do we have to always listen t….” Gabe whined, being quickly cut off by Castiel, “Yes. My car my music, my rules.”
“Fine! But if we get yelled, I’m blaming you! And it’s SAM!” he yelled slamming the door behind him.
“Okay, it will take me 15 minutes at maximum, so can i please enjoy my breakfast for a few minutes before stressing?”
“Oh come on Dean! How come you never told me you LARP?”
“No need to apologize Sammy, and we are getting celebratory ice cream.” Dean said with fake annoyance.
Gabriel only grunted in response, so Cas walked over to his bed and flipped off the blankets, and stole his pillow from under his head.
He laughed at the note, his heart filled with love, he made breakfast, bacon, eggs, and biscuits, and went to wake his brother up.
Principal Jared was the first to break the awed silence with a slight cough, “ Welcome to Sioux Falls High! As a reminder I’m principal Jared, and Castiel, this is Dean Winchester.”
“It’s 6:30 in the morning, Sammy, we won’t be late!” Dean hollered back, slightly chuckling at his brothers perfectionist attitude.
-They were just around the corner talking of the building *wink* *wink* *nudge* *nudge* *fake coughs* makin’ out *fake coughs to cover up dialogue super smoothly*
“Well i kinda figured out you weren’t straight when you were in seventh grade, i was just hoping you would officially come out before I would ever walk in on you doing anything with anybody but a girl.” pulling out of the parking lot and turning in the opposite direction of their home.
Dean is damned because of this angelic-ly gorgeous man is standing about 30 feet away. He’s wearing dark wash jeans, a Queen shirt, black combat boots with glittery silver stars decorate the sides, and to top all of this off he’s wearing a leather jacket in 70 degree weather. After dean checks out his outfit he looks at his face, and my god, his eyes are a shade of blue that is so blue and vibrant dean can’t even think of a word to describe them, the very next thing he notices is his hair, it looks like someone has sat and for hours ran their fingers through it and then he fell asleep, giving his hair a sexy as hell bedhead look.
Dean swallows.
And it worked.
“Do you want to?” Dean says when he’s busy dragging his lips over the shell of Cas’ ear and Cas pants and Cas says, “Dean, Dean.”
Damn it, kiss me, Cas, Dean prays and he’s itching and itching and Cas’ lips twitch, and he’s heard, hasn’t he?
“Now look, angel lover. I know you’re a slut for them but if you see one…”
darling
, the star says so Dean says, “I’m not leaving without you.”
The trio parted ways then, preparing for the work they were about to commence, and Samuel shuffled through some heavy books he had on a table while in this hubbub, Dean gazed at Castiel most longingly. He did not go to him, and perhaps this was what Castiel himself wanted, for he had not looked at Dean once since entering the room and rather seemed to be avoiding him. But Mrs. Christian could not help but notice how Dean Winchester seemed to tremble ever so slightly, how he had one hand curled into a fist at his side and how his other free hand seemed to jerk every so often, as if he wanted nothing more than to take Castiel’s hand in his own. And then at last, Castiel looked up, and their eyes met across the room, and Mrs. Christian’s own heart seemed to stutter to a stop in her chest for there was so much yearning in those eyes and how saddened she felt knowing how little it would have taken to satisfy it!
At that, Dean slams the brakes and his hands start shaking and then all he can hear is the
you. He touched you and—”
: my name’s dean winchester. what’s urs?
The angel tilts his head, intrigued, when he spots him.
The man pulls off a sigilled ring and his ugly true form becomes visible.
Cas mentions dying again and Dean just fucking loses it.
Cas is naked.
“Oh,” Castiel said and his fingers curled very tightly around his mug and it seemed that he could no longer meet Dean Winchester’s eyes. “If it truly makes you happy, Dean…I’m glad. I’ve…always wanted nothing more than for you to be happy and if I could give that to you in some way—”
“But how will I be ready, Dean? I need practice, but…I can’t practice without going on this date.”
he thinks.
After that, they don’t see each other much. Sam grabs them at breakfast and sends Cas off to help with another witchy spell, tells Dean to get to know everybody because he’s scaring them.
Sam runs a hand through his hair, the stress of the situation getting to him. Why won’t they just tell him? Sam feels
Outside their room, Mrs. Norris presses her ear against the door even more firmly.
But Sam can’t help but feel like some of the pieces don’t seem to fit the puzzle…
And you’re holding on.
Sam follows him to the library.
And then
“Why, all the way up to the eleventh grade, Cookie! Before you ran off with that vile wo—”
“You should call the police,” the woman’s husband grumbles and he probably thinks that Dean and Cas are up to no good when they insist that they don’t want the police—they just want Sam.
Instead he seeks more pain.
“Oh,” Dean says.
It happens, and then out of that pyre, as the wood that’s stood tall for months collapses, from its very centre,
Cas’ ragged breathing ceases. It’s abrupt. He’s holding his breath.
But then their lips meet.
Dean wonders if it’s a survival instinct, if he’ll go day in and out now, trying to appease the egomaniacal angel, if Mom and he can’t get out. If maybe some kind of Stockholm syndrome is setting in, and the stupid worry that Dean feels for the angel’s changing mood is just a way that his brain’s chosen to stay alive.
“I didn’t try to kill you,” Dean says.
He can feel it. The handprint scorched into his arm. Any moment now, the pain’s going to be back, a knife to his arm, incapacitating him.
Sam’s voice is strained when he answers, maybe a little bit disapproving, but mostly it sounds as if he is trying to coax thoughts out of Dean, persuade him to think otherwise.
And that’s all. The seventy-seven year old gives him a hard smack on the ass and her conversation must be done because she doesn’t come see him for the rest of his shift.
“Dean, where’s Cas?” he said and at Sam’s question, Dean’s face crumpled.
You’re wrong, Cas.
Or, well, at least something amiss with
It’s snowing.
Long ago, Cookie too had experienced heartbreak like this, but it wasn’t her wife who she’d told to leave her. It was her son, and Dean’s sweet face often brought him to mind. A scholar of two-spirit identities who’d left Lebanon to pursue his studies for what Cookie and her wife had thought would be a short time, but ultimately he’d resettled in nearby Oklahoma. He’d found his birth mother, from whom he’d been forcibly separated by the state in toddlerhood for reasons that simply didn’t stand. Much like Dean, he too had grown up to be a sensitive closed-off man and Cookie didn’t have the illusion for a second that he’d ever fully heal from the trauma that the loss of his mother (among so many other things) had caused him. So when he’d come back to Lebanon out of a sense of duty, both Cookie and her wife had told him to go where his heart desired, and after nearly eleven months of constant prodding, he’d at last admitted that he wanted to get to know his mother and had finally left. It wasn’t any wonder that seeing Dean like this now brought tears to her eyes. Over the course of the last couple of years, over many visits to her diner, Dean had slowly revealed bits and pieces of his family history to her, and Cookie had instantly recognized him for who he was—someone who buried all their pain, so deep that it couldn’t ever be let go of. She didn’t doubt that Dean needed prodding like her son to pursue Castiel, something she was sure would also heal Dean, because she knew that much like her son, when Dean found love, he would let go of some of the darkest parts of himself and finally make some room for happiness. She’d told her son to go out of love and concern for his well-being, and she knew that Dean likely thought he was doing the same for Castiel. But what the poor boy didn’t seem to understand was that what would make them the happiest was each other.
10. TBA
Instead, “Someone told me you were watching me sleep today,” Aarif says and
you now. I just fucking miss you all the goddamn time and it’s never going to be anything else.”
Dean turns the lamp off.
voice.
He’s gone.
They’re in a different room, too, one with two beds and Dean’s already sick of it, already sick of Sam and the feeling of the old, because they’re on a case and it’s like nothing’s changed and Dean
“Bind him!” Sam shouts amidst the chaos but Rowena vehemently shakes her head, tries to run and Dean grabs her arm (they need her to send the devil back to his cage).
Watches the fog of his breath dissipate only to return with every exhale.
When Cas finds out that Sam’s his brother-in-law, that knowledge makes him really happy.
“Dean, you saw how popular he was at the club last night. Besides, it’s not your decision. Cas—”
Big fucking surprise.
He runs out his room. His bare feet are silent on the floor but even then, Sam sees him.
“Not bad for a first date, huh?” he says and Cas gulps and a year later, they end up married.
“Oh,” Dean says.
They both relax.
The drunkard child, however, took this grunt as assent, and then he said something that made the freckled man very angry.
It’s what keeps Dean moving.
Dean’s been acting weird. All day, he’s been on his phone, texting. More than once, Sam’s turned around to see Dean, disappeared, only to realize that his brother’s a distance away, talking quietly on the phone, looking like he’s found a little piece of heaven maybe—a pie or something—and then Dean will go a little red, rub the back of his neck an awful lot, as if he’s nervous or anxious, and then he’ll clear his throat and he’ll be ducking his head, smiling secretively at the ground.
with Sam.
But he sits up.
“I know a place,” he says.
Cas doesn't let him go.
him, his hands on Dean’s hips like iron, and everywhere their bodies meet, there’s
But his lips quiver.
,” he says even as Dean crumbles to the floor. The vial that he’s been holding shatters. “This closet’s making you claustrophobic, Dean. You can breathe. I
Now he knows that he made a very grave error of judgement.
The case leads them to a pub where the patrons are rambunctious and the food is cheesy, but whenever Cas remembers that he’s hungry, he’s suddenly
When Dean thinks he can't look anymore, Cas clasps his jaw and kisses him.
Dean panics and doesn't know what to do so he surges forward and kisses Cas.
And even he’s not here.
But the voice comes again, this time puzzled.
Cookie shuddered.
says,
So he sits in the chair. He lets himself be trapped in a ring of fire when the council’s servant lights up the circle of holy oil. And he prepares himself for the moment when the council will say,
“Why don’t I feel hungry?” Dean says, louder, and his voice croaks as if he hasn’t used it in years. Suddenly, he’s not sure how long it’s been. “Why the fuck isn’t my ass freezing out here?”
anymore. He gives Dean a smile even, maybe because there aren’t enough hands to get what needs to be done today or because he’s been too afraid to ask too much of people when they expect a break. So Alejandro nods and says, “Yeah, kiddo, I got something,” and he sends Dean off to do laundry.
Basically, nothing
Dean's voice trembles.
Sam snickers on the other end.
Cas’ll say then.
. Somewhere outside his inner chaos, he hears grunts. Somewhere out there, there’s a scuffle, someone fighting for their goddamn life. He hears the thump of a body colliding with the ground. When he’s aware again, Dean presses a shaking hand to his cheek, wet with tears.
With just the two of them, the apartment had suddenly felt really big.
The satisfied, smug smile. That smallest, smallest hint that everything that’s happening, there’s pleasure being derived from it by Cas, a corrupt, corrupt joy as Dean shows how far gone, how compelled he really is.
Castiel’s heart had twisted painfully. He had made himself visible.
And then Cas divulges his secret.
But god, he
“Took you all day to catch two measly rabbits, angel?”
Baby: Dean, I thought that you said that you cut ties with Crowley because of the uncomfortable feeling in my stomach that I had whenever he called you every night to do nothing but make elaborate sexual innuendos.
By nightfall, the two kids were exhausted and Sam was on the brink of death himself. He tried to put them in their own beds, but as soon as Sam approached the two, Dean buried his face into Cas’ chest and said tearfully, “I ‘wuv you,” as if he expected a long heart-wrenching separation from his buddy.
Dean’s disappeared again.
“Dean, don’t go.”
It’s hard to admit that this isn’t real, that they’re not a couple when Cas keeps reminding him of how much he loves Dean.
He doesn’t want Dean to hear.
They’re in a restaurant. A fancy kind. Dean doesn’t even remember the name because after googling and finding something suitable, he had dialled the number immediately and made a reservation. His hands had been so sweaty that his phone had slipped mid-conversation just as he had been giving his name.
But he hands over the money to the front desk clerk as if he loathes his situation.
“Hello!” Jack said, right before he took in the scene of his father bloody and unconscious in the demon’s arms.
Cas nods, picks up the vial stopper and sniffs.
Castiel gives him another one of his smoldery looks and tugs at his belt.
are engraved on the outside face—Sam makes sure that all three of them alter their rings to say
Overwhelmed with guilt, Sam had blurted, “I’m sorry about your ass!” and Dean and Cas had both choked.
Cas’ fingers in his hair are warm and gentle. Cas’ thumb soothes the skin over his temple, coaxes the tension out of his face. He sits at Dean’s side, legs crossed, but Dean wishes that Cas would just lie with him.
“Room 113.”  Dean stated, and then headed back out the door.  Jack was bracing himself for the outside air.
“I had it too.”  She said, quietly.
It didn’t get awkward until Cas started talking.
“What is?”
also re-watching season 7 is stupidly triggering lol
“Either you tell me what’s up, or you eat.”  Dean said, pretty pissed.
Looking through the numbers listed on the side of the menu listings was all Jack would do - trying to find anything he could eat.  The numbers just scared him - everything was far higher than what he was comfortable with.  He couldn’t do it, and just put the menu down.  He didn’t care if anyone noticed anymore.  It was almost welcome, as he was so tired of feeling like absolute crap.
The array of food was much larger now, and eyes were on him.
Jack found himself awake - sounds coming from all ends of the room.
Sam was out pretty quick, and he assumed Dean was as well. It left Cas, and then him.
He crinkled some wrappers, as he unwrapped some old candy bars, and then footsteps were heard.  He quickly tried to hide the wrappers in his white shirt.
Jack wasn’t in a mood to talk.  He just responded with sounds whenever Dean asked anything.
“Let’s say we hit up another diner, grab something.”  Dean suggested, as he tended to do, and Jack found himself with a sharp inhale.  He frankly didn’t exactly feel up to food, which was ironic, knowing that the feeling was brought on by hunger.
“Hey, we’ll grab a hunt, and then even try and celebrate the holidays, you know, if we can convince Sam.”  Dean said, hoping to reassure Jack.
“Yesterday, just to try it.  I’m curious.”  Jack said, which made Sam do his usual suspicious nod.  Jack just ignored the whole exchange, and kept helping the prep with Jody.
Sometimes Sam would be the one to pick him up, and he would try to be a counselor.  Jack didn’t like that any more.  He just wanted the bullying to stop.
“Yeah, totally.”  She said, and unpaused it.  Jack just sat awkwardly on the bed, cross legged in some old basketball shorts.
Throughout the walk, Jack started to get back onto his own feet, as he found the black dots to go away.  By the time they got back to the Impala, Jack felt somewhat decent.  Hungry, yes, and the adrenaline began wearing off; causing Jack to see the spots again.
Sometimes Dean would get angry, and shove food into Jack’s personal bubble.  He’d bark “eat”, and Jack would reluctantly eat just enough to calm Dean down.  It was rough, almost horrible.  It would be horrible if he wasn’t still losing weight.
The two were silent for a bit, until Jack’s stomach decided to growl.
“I know you don’t want it, but you were killing yourself.”  Dean explained.
“What will you do now?”
It was a bit of a whim decision.
Sam walked in with masses of plates, which was the sign for dessert.  Jack picked up what he could, and placed it on the table.  The smell was enough for him to feel the hunger.  He wanted it so badly.  He needed it, but he couldn’t eat it, no.
Jack just assumed he wasn’t sick enough yet, and that it would validate him if he suddenly felt the ill-effects from all of it.
He chucked them into the trash, and walked back to the table, as if nothing had happened.
When it came to lunch, he was just as clueless, and even called Dean, who told him “to find some cute girls”, but Sam definitely tried to give some other advice by yelling in the background, before being thrown across the room by some spirit, assumedly.  Jack couldn’t help but laugh, while he searched for someone who looked a bit like Claire, as that was his first crush - which faded a couple months ago.
“Gracie,” Cas spoke, his tone kind and encouraging, “we promise not to judge you or to think you're crazy. Please.” The angel gave them a soft smile. “What did you see?”
“Wait.” Dean’s eyes glanced down to Castiel’s drink. “Sammy, how’d you say incubi drugged their victims?”
“Well, yeah,” Jo nodded her head and gave him another smile. “If he’s your true mate… then he’s going to end up understanding you more than, like, anyone else, right?”
“I’m just as old as you, if not technically older.” Jack grumped at Claire before he turned, looking at Dean and Castiel with wide excited eyes. “I’d be the big brother, right?”
“Okay,” Dean nodded, but when Castiel started to move the Alpha held him tighter. “Wait,” he whispered and he cupped the Omega’s jaw. “Can I kiss you first?”
“Tell me this is okay,” Dean whispered against Cas’ mouth.
The alpha took it in his hand and it felt
The Alpha leaned back and met Cas’ wide blue eyes, knowing his were all Alpha red now. He relished in the hitch of the Omega’s breath and how the cloying scent of Cas’ lust amplified. A impish smirk played on his lips. “You really should learn to close your blinds. I can see
sleep.”
The Omega blew out a shaky breath and removed his hand from the Alpha’s cheek. “Then I saw your tail, and my first thoughts were selfish. I couldn’t draw my gaze away, it mesmerized me. Long and firm, a dazzling emerald color that almost rivals that of your stunning eyes. Then reality set in, and all I could think was that you were going to hate me for what I had done.”
. Dean’s lips lifted in half a smile as he heard Jack ask why they were only connecting four when there were obviously more slots.
“Okay.” Castiel nodded, immediately flinching and squinting, his eyes practically slamming shut as the light shone on him.
be with you?”
At Castiel’s nod, Dean moved around the island and grabbed the wine, pulling off the foil top so he could open it. He traded the opened bottle for the plateware so Castiel could pour them two glasses.
“Yeah, okay.” Dean stole one more heated kiss from Castiel before turning to Crowley. “Let the tale of terror begin!”
When he was done, he nodded at them to let them know they were free to mingle. “See you later, Gomez and Morticia. We got a hunt to dominate,” Dean called out as he glanced back at the couple.
Dean picked up his goblet and drained it. The Alpha stared at his mate, his pupils dilated with desire. “I’m holding you to that, Cas.”
Ketch and Sam were sitting at the little table, both drinking a beer and by the looks of it, they were in deep conversation.
“Does he have to ask the same thing over and over? Does he have to rehash everything Dad said? Newsflash, Sam, I was there too!” Dean shoved Bobby’s hand off his knee, spinning in the chair and kicking out, toes of his boots slamming into the side of the counter. “Are you okay? Dean, you look upset. Do you want to call Dad back? Do you want to say goodbye to him? Are you mad? Dean, Dean, Dean -- Like,
The Alpha’s hand clutched at his mate’s hips as he fucked Cas harder and faster, the Omega’s inner walls spasming and clenching around his cock as he came. Slick poured from the Omega as Dean pushed in one final time, his knot swelling to completion as he spilled his seed, filling his mate with thick hot bursts and marking Cas as his from the inside.
“We’ll take it.” Ketch slid over his credit card and waited for her to input all his information.
“No, no, no!” Gabriel shook his head as he spun around before further damaging his psyche. “For the love of God, not again! Look away Sam!” Gabriel gripped the younger alpha’s sleeve and yanked, turning him away. “The longer you look the more it will get seared into your brain.”
“We could do that. Or,” Castiel reached up and gripped Dean’s shoulders as he swung his leg over his Alpha’s thighs and settled in his lap. “We could do that thing we
“Don’t be scared, Cas,” Dean whispered back, tightening his grip and jogging up the back steps. “We’re home, okay? We’ve got you -- I’ve got you.” He kicked the bottom of the door and yelled, “Ellen!”
“First shift?” Bobby’s brows furrowed.
“Well, Darlin’,” Dean drawled out, turning to face Castiel as he placed the last piece of charcoal in the snowman’s smile. “I hope you got good balance, because you’ll be riding bareback all night long.”
The Omega gripped the cold ground, his fingers crunching the leaves and digging into the dirt. Cas let out a soft mewl as the hot length filled him. Dean’s cock was massive, he had never felt so full in his life; his heat toys were nothing compared to his Alpha.
“Calm down, Dean, deep breath, come on,” Sam urged, “breath with me. In out, in out, in out. Now’s not the time, think of Cas.”
“Dean,” Castiel furrowed his brows at the alpha, “you call your car ‘Baby’.” Sam choked on his beer, hiding his laughter with a cough, but apparently it didn’t fool anyone because Dean shot him a glare before turning his attention back to Ketch.
Castiel was becoming more comfortable, Dean could tell by his posture and scent, but he was still asking questions, wanting to know more about the Alpha and Dean won’t make a move until he knows Castiel is ready... plus he was 99% sure he wouldn’t be catching the Omega until he wanted Dean too.
“Look at that, Dean! That alpha of yours has manners,” Andrea teased as she handed them the bottles of beer. “He said please not
“Maaaaybe,” Cas drawled out as he shrugged. “You complaining?”
,” Lucifer replied matching her expression.
Dean couldn’t speak, he gave a weak nod in return as he scritched behind Finn’s ear, trying to calm him. Dean’s mind racing with nefarious scenarios of where and what could be happening to his mate. His inner Alpha paced, clawing just underneath his skin. Just one clue, that’s all he needed. One clue to his mate’s whereabouts. He needed to hold Castiel, scent him, take care of him. But first he had to find his Omega. Find him and make whoever had him pay, with their blood.
Castiel’s father, Triton, was an imposing Merman and an intimidating Alpha. His long thick goldenrod yellow tail made him taller than most of the Merfolk, and he wore his age well. The only give away was the steely salt and pepper hair and beard, that while a mark by age, retained the fullness of his youth. Behind the stoic visage, Dean saw both cunning and wisdom. Dean was struck by the icy blue eyes that held a hint of warmth. In a way, they reminded him of Castiel’s, but in others not so much. Like now, they bore through him in a distrusting manner that made Dean want to squirm.
“Wait!” Dean yelled across the house, not caring that he was being
Glitter and Gold - Barnes Courtney
“Mine,” Dean growled, his inner Alpha scratching at the surface. He bit down on his Omega’s mating mark, not hard enough to break the skin but rough enough there will be one hell of a bruise for days.
Castiel looked around.
A low whine poured past Castiel’s lips as he clutched his stomach and the fever spread through his veins. “Hurts,” he whimpered as he leaned forward fighting back an intense wave of arousal as the earthy scent of pine, blackberries, and pure
“Yeah,” the Alpha pressed a kiss to his Omega’s messy hair, “but you love me.”
“I’ve got to give you credit for the strategic placement. Right above the entrance to the kitchen where I have to pass under it to get to the food.” Cas clucked his tongue. “Well played Winchester,
Castiel nodded and met Lucifer’s eyes. His brother nodding back before replying softly, “It’s been… a long day. I think my brother and I will probably… rest.”
Castiel’s heart ached at the mention of
“Holy hell, alpha!” Dean keened loudly as Castiel’s fingers joined his tongue. The omega moaned in pure unadulterated pleasure as Castiel scraped his teeth over his sensitive soaked hole. The alpha’s fingers worked to spread him open, his tongue slipped between them. Castiel dragged the tip of his tongue along the omega’s fluttering inner walls, rumbling happily when he was rewarded with a burst of slick.
“No,” Dean snorted. “Sammy and Ketch are at the door.”
“Wha-what are you talking about Mister?” Cas stammered as he stumbled backwards and bumped into his car. The Omega’s eyes widened as the stranger stalked towards him. “I-I,
Once Dean was at his mate’s side again, Triton cleared his throat and met the younger Alpha’s eyes. “First off, I want to thank you, Dean, for bringing my son home safely. Secondly—”
Dean cried out again. The omega was burning up in the cool autumn night. He felt as if he was on fire everywhere Castiel touched, from the hands that gripped his hips, to the sinfully talented tongue and fingers working their way in and out of his body. The chill in the air and the heat from his alpha drawed a full bodied shiver from Dean as he pushed back again Castiel’s face in a silent plea for more.
