“Fine”, I huffed, and squirmed out from beneath him with a final defiant, buck of my hips, “I will endure his false platitudes and abominable fare, and the fawning, simpering advances of those counterfeit virgins at his table….for your sake”, I added, as he glowered at the vehemence of my rudeness and ingratitude.
The wind stung his cheeks raw, and the cold cut through him to the bone, but Sherlock barely noticed it now. Everything had narrowed down to the rush of light and colour, slick, wet tarmac that glittered like diamond beneath the wheels of John's bike.
‘Oww’. It slipped out unbidden from my throat and John froze, ‘Shall we stop?’ ‘No’ I gasped, ‘press on, I can bear it’.
“Very direct, Sherlock dear, you always did love to stick that gorgeous…..nose…where it wasn’t wanted”
“Ah, but you know I have eyes for only one”. He winked at the ladies which sent them all of a flutter again and pinched my arse at the very same time and made me yelp out loud. I hopped on one foot a little, pretending to have stubbed my toe while he laughed until his eyes were wet with tears of mirth.
“John” he whined, voice muffled by a mouthful of pillow. He wriggled his arse against the pressure wanting his body to be breached and taken so damn much that he wailed in relief when John finally took pity and penetrated him. One finger at first, the slow deliberate drag against a smooth, tight wall of muscle pumped in and out, then extra lubricant and another finger pushed in, twisting slightly to find the spot that would make him convulsive and shake, heat rolling off him in waves.
John bid me make haste, we must go now before the house finally woke and we were discovered, ‘for if I leave this place without you now I fear you will be lost to me forever’. So I kissed him once swiftly and rose, leaving him to catch up the discarded remnants of his clothes as I made my way as silently as before to the bedroom, pulling on breeches and shirt, stockings and shoes trying desperately to avoid every squeak of floorboard and rustle of material and all the while keeping one ear cocked for signs of life. My possessions were few, just the battered trunk I had arrived with and the small leather purse with the remainder of my inheritance, hidden by Tom on my arrival lest Mrs Turner claim this also as her due. The board beneath the bed lifted with ease and I drew it out with a sigh and looking up, my heart leapt in my chest as I saw Tom’s eyes, open and fixed upon me. I froze.
The sight of Sherlock bent forward, lapping up his own come was enough to make his cock twitch in interest again even though he was completely shagged-out. He settled for a long sticky kiss before reluctantly pulling out, feeling the trickle of fluid that soaked into his pants. Sherlock groaned and snuggled up against him as John stroked his hands gently up and down his back.
They discussed my attire, agreeing that the best course of action be to send, at the earliest opportunity for the tailor to have me fitted out in more appropriate garments. I asked how I was to pay for this generous endowment, but my lady laughed gaily, giving every assurance that I needn’t trouble my pretty little mind on that score. They had another plan in mind. I was not to be seen or spoken to by any other member of the household or visitors until such time as they could secure a good price for my virginity (or maidenhead for want of a better word), assured as they were of its existence by virtue of my innocent appearance.
Even though it was ridiculous, his chest clenched with a bitter stab of jealousy, and John wondered if Mycroft Holmes felt like this, knowing how attractive Greg was, and the attention thrown his way on stage? But John had yet to meet the infamous Mycroft Holmes and could only draw from his own limited experience. He had never felt so instantly, jealously possessive of anyone before, Sherlock was special, he could see it, and his fear was that far too many other people would see it too. What could boring, ordinary John Watson offer that could hold the attention of someone like Sherlock?
“All taken care of” said Sherlock with a confident smile, “He confiscated a beautiful box of French confectionary from me this afternoon….laced with a rather strong sleeping draught”
“Greg, are you in? Get Anderson and some of the other lads as well, we need at least ten” John flashed him a lop-sided grin then, the kind that spoke of devious plans and hidden intrigue, the kind that, unknown to John, made Sherlock want to do some very, very rude things…
“You distract me”, he said, stroking along my spine, “how is a man to think when you throw yourself before me in this way, near-naked , the fire-light reflected in your eyes such that I cannot bear to look away?”
“So?” he said, and it sounded much more like an invitation than an actual question, and who the hell cared any more anyway? So he answered instead with his lips against the curve of Sherlock’s neck where it met with the bony hollow of his collar bone, so he didn’t have to look up yet and see those penetrating eyes that had read him so quickly like a trashy novel, so bloody obvious. And just when he got to the interesting part, the bit where Sherlock slid a hand down the back of his jeans and John ground his hips down just a little and he could feel the heat and hardness from someone else’s cock pressing right back into his, just when he’d decided that this neck under his lips was lovely, but he would really much rather have a warm tongue sliding around in his mouth and had propped himself up on his arms, hovering right over, bending his head slowly down as Sherlock ran his hand under John’s t-shirt and scraped his nails down John’s back….it stopped.
Mycroft blamed himself of course, for failing to notice sooner. In an unforgiveable lapse of judgement he had preferred to believe that Sherlock had finally made a friend, that he was attempting more social integration and learning to curb his anti-social impulses, rudeness and impatience, and he had been grateful to Victor for giving Sherlock his time and attention, not realising….not knowing what they were….
“And you will not tell them either Sherlock, at least not before you hold it safe in your hands….and don’t you think it should be cared for by one who sees it for what it is and recognises it’s true value?”
He quickened his pace at that, it wouldn’t do to have Jute hurt herself. The ebony horse pawed at the ground, dragging up the stones into untidy little heaps, and huffing clouds of hot, horsey breath into the cold night air. Perone, the grand old dame, snickered softly to calm the young horse and rubbed her nose lovingly along Jute’s proud, elegant neck.
“You came early”, said John, popping his head round the bathroom door and releasing a cloud of steam, “and I told you the train was at twelve so you could’ve had a bit extra kip”.
His heart sank as he read the expected reply, and turned around again as he reached the end of Baker Street, with a new destination in mind.
John risked a quick glance, and sure enough two women in their thirties, he guessed, were watching him appraisingly. And while it might have been good for the ego, his libido remained unmoved.
“That’s what you’re thinking about? Not getting our arses back to the common room before we really do get caught?”
And it was only going to get worse, John was calling out the register now, any minute, any second, he would see Sherlock’s name and the world would end.
And it was right, as it should be, he had never deserved to keep someone like John, especially not now when the sins of his past had caught up with him at last. Sherlock had never felt that before, the deep sense of shame curling in his gut, even in the darkest of times sprawled on his back, legs spread wide or a needle in his arm pumping poison into his veins, but the reality had shone in John’s stricken face, it was over, done, he was alone.
An unctuous, condescending voice drawled from the vicinity of the back seat. He peered cautiously through the open door.
“That says it all really…that he couldn’t do it sober” he said coolly, forcing himself to turn away and lean over the bar to catch the order of the next customer as the rising cacophony of voices made it harder to hear. He deftly flicked the cap off a Bulmer’s and passed it over, an upturned glass balanced over the open neck.
The idea, while being truly abhorrent piqued my curiosity to the extent that I found myself rising to follow her regardless. That Mrs Turner herself should entertain paramours was an incidence that in my naivety I had failed to consider.
“Nope…and I don’t think she’s the only one…our Frank’s been sticking his hand in the honey pot, or his dick, actually” Sherlock flashed a mega-watt smile.
“Ah, no…not sunk….captured by the Spanish, all those on board either dead or taken, but it cannot be confirmed …and the fate of the ship is unknown after that time”.
Mycroft snickered to himself in his bathrobe as he sat by the fire, all pink and fresh from the shower.
Fuck, he had to get out of there now. Sherlock willed himself to calm down as his heart threatened to burst out of his chest. John had said ‘I love you’ and he knew had had to let him go, to send him away.
“Yeah well, just keep the little fuck-wit far away from me….or I might just tell everyone that story about the love-bite….”
He crested the slope and barrelled towards them, hands held up, knowing that any stranger in this barren land would be treated as suspicious until proved otherwise. It wouldn’t do to take a chance and risk being shot again. My god, it’s Bill, he thought, Bill Murray, my second in command. Bill extracted a knife from a sheath strapped to his calf and split the material of the lightweight fatigues that were soaked through with blood. A young lad, early twenties lay semi-conscious with his head propped up against a filthy kit bag. Even from a few metres away, John could see it wasn’t good as the ground turned dark around the prone form, as blood pumped from a gash in his thigh. The boy was bleeding out, only a few hundred yards from camp.
John scowled, he wasn’t an idiot and could read between the lines just as well as Irene could, the family were against the education of muggle-born’s like he was, didn’t think them worthy of an exclusive magical education. Only an idiot would believe that those outdated attitudes had ended in the last uprising.
Greg answered the door. He had just come in himself and still had his coat on, collar turned up against the wind and rain that had battered the building for most of the afternoon. Sherlock was still in the bathroom, nervously styling his hair again, the steam from the shower had turned his curls into a frizzy halo that made him look like a cherubic choir-boy, which was not quite the look he was aiming for.
‘Pish’ he declared, ‘You do yourself a great disservice, for I know you to have a keen eye and a cutting tongue. You will be a great man one day and it will be my honour to help you on that path, and until that day comes, you may take full advantage…of my connections of course’.
“Forgive me”, he said, drawing out a handkerchief from the pocket of his coat to wipe the sticky mess from his palm.
‘How about Asda?’ Mike said then, coming back, hands full, sliding in the booth beside him again. ‘The bloke behind the bar just said they’re taking on more staff to cope with the online shopping lark, need drivers. It could be okay as a stop-gap till something comes up at the hospital.’ A fresh pint banged down on the table in front of him, foam slopping over the rim of the glass, a bag of crisps slapped down in the wet patch.
“Behave yourself Sherlock” John chuckled, winding a hand under his abdomen to help him to his knees and guide his thighs apart. He felt so exposed and at John’s mercy with his wrists bound and his arse in the air, spread wide and waiting to be filled. His loosened hole twitched and fluttered at the thought, a slick trail of lube dripping down his balls and sliding down his inner thigh.
John barely registered Mary’s voice as he continued to stand and stare. He might even have drooled a bit too. Too-tight jeans outlined every inch of thigh and tousled curls jumped around wildly with every flick of his wrist. The bastard. Why the hell did he have to look so good… and fuckable too? And why had he agreed to come here tonight? His denims felt uncomfortably tight. Fucking fantastic….an inappropriate hard-on to add to his shame. This wasn’t helping, not one little bit.
He sat down with a wince at Sherlock’s side, the cold brick seeped through and chilled his arse through his jeans and the boy beside him tensed, his body undecided whether to bolt or give in. This hadn’t been part of the plan. He had come to say sorry for being a dick and to warn him that people were on the lookout, Doug Miller and his gang. It wasn’t a game anymore, they needed to stop this now before one of them ended up dead, and last night he very nearly had. But he was so close now John could count every freckle dusting over his pale skin .
I watched wide-eyed as he pushed two fingers to my parted lips and commanded that I suck upon them: and how could I refuse? I knew enough about the practise to realise just how he would use them and that compliance would be to my benefit, but could not have foreseen the sensual nature of the task. I rolled my tongue around his fingers, sucked and licked up and down between the cracks until he drew them out again, glistening and wet with my own saliva. Their destination I already knew, and the warm press of a slick, soaked digit at my entrance confirmed it to be true as first he gentled me with kisses and praise circling softly as I relaxed once more beneath him. I breathed deeply, great lungfuls sucked in through my nose and out, mouth pressed into a tight line, determined not to shoot off like a tom-cat as I had the first time as I braced myself for pain. But none came, just a mild sting at the stretch as he finally penetrated the borders, the passage eased by the slick that I had supplied, and once I had relaxed my rigid grip upon his arms, he began to move them in and out slowly at first and then more rapid, pausing at times to add another. He kept me there, suspended for what felt like an eternity as he pushed and probed and fucked me with his hand, and on each outward pull he drew across a place within which had me crying out in ecstasy at the touch. It was almost too much, this mastery over my senses, cruel and magnificent and I cried out once more as I felt my body tense, wits gone, near incoherent.
He didn’t mention the harder drugs and the three weeks in rehab, or the five other times he had been expelled from different schools. He didn’t mention the constant itch inside his brain, the noise and the chaos, the deep black pit and the whirling kaleidoscope and the blessed calm of the chemical high.
Feeling calmer, he risked a glance back up at the stage. Sherlock’s attention was now directed elsewhere, over to the left, by the fire exit door. Two men stood deep in conversation and another lounged idly beside them, leaning against the metal frame, taking long leisurely pulls on his bottle of Stella as he took in the rest of the room. He looked to be about late twenties, tall, muscular with close-cropped hair and a tribal tattoo on his left arm, and didn’t look at all the type to be watching a band like this. John swallowed down a gulp of anxiety that he couldn’t pinpoint and followed the line of his vision back across the room. He was staring directly at Sherlock, with a look that could only be described as predatory, and to his horror, Sherlock was staring right back at him. The tall man tapped one of his friends on the shoulder and indicated to Sherlock on the stage, a lascivious grin on his face. He locked eyes with Sherlock, jerked his head towards the fire door and calmly pushed his way through, disappearing into the night air. John felt sick. Sherlock had leapt down from the stage, set ended, and was hurrying, not towards John, but to the exit, he was going to follow that guy.
He should have realised that Sherlock was way beyond anything as simple as a good morning snog as he bent his head to gently kiss and lick the inside of John’s thighs with teasing butterfly strokes, leaving cool wet trails on his sensitive skin, blowing softly as John shivered beneath him. John couldn’t stop the moan that escaped his lips, groping down to find soft dark curls. He gripped a handful in his fist and pulled hard as Sherlock gasped arching his long neck. He relinquished his grasp and lay helplessly, panting in shallow huffs of breath as he watched Sherlock crawl up the bed towards him on all fours looking positively predatory, his already hard cock and balls bobbing obscenely beneath him as he moved.
John stumbled back, startled by the hand that shoved him in the chest as the door slammed shut in his face.
The gentlemen, or their ‘sweethearts’ as the girls were won’t to call them (in mockery I knew), were commonly men of means their fortunes made in business, or men of letters from high places such as government and the law, a sweet, sweet irony you will agree considering the nature of that most disreputable of establishments. They came for the gratification of those base needs the relief of which their wives or significant others could not or would not partake of. The sons came too, encouraged by the fathers to educate themselves in the carnal arts before committing themselves to a future with wife and child, or simply to indulge in such indecent perversions as would be frowned upon in more polite society, (of which I shall come to later). The men took great liberties to my mind, cavorting about the room with the girls half- dressed around them, touching and groping what naked flesh they could find blind to the spectacle of debauchery as they suckled at breasts like babies at a mother’s tit.
Oh god, he couldn’t do it, John would never fit inside. But he did, pain fading into tingling pleasure, fuck, how he loved this. He thrust forward gently and pulled back, and Sherlock felt every glorious pulse and drag as John’s cock throbbed inside him. He must have been leaking precome too as John rocked faster the sound of their fucking sounded wet and slick, thighs slapping hard against his cold bare arse as Sherlock bucked back too.
“Did you see a tall kid, hood up, cigarette in his mouth…can only have been a couple of minutes ago?” he called to a scruffy looking kid who looked vaguely familiar, Bobby or Ben or something similar carrying a battered old guitar slung over one shoulder.
“He’s covered in fragments of synthetic blond hair, blunt cut with a pair of kitchen scissors I would think…Billy has given an impromptu haircut to his sisters dolls, the length and texture of the individual hairs indicates more than one. The motif on the little girls’ clothes indicate an affinity with a particular brand of anatomically unrealistic Americanised doll. He is jealous of the attention his  father lavishes on his only daughter and decided to ‘get his own back’, is that the saying?...now how does that fit any given definition of ‘good’?”
Damn it, the man was fucking terrifying, circling around you like a bloody shark, mouth full of hidden razor sharp teeth waiting to rip you in half at the first scent of blood.
Where the hell had she got to? He raised his head again. There she was, fifty yards off bouncing around with another dog, a bright red Irish Setter. John sighed and got up, best to go fetch her now before she became a bloody nuisance, not everyone appreciated an addition to their Sunday afternoon dog walk and Dawn could be annoyingly persistent.
“Shut up…you love all this” said Sherlock, as he turned to him with a smile “…you’re an adrenaline junkie…just like me” (I swear to god he can read my mind) John winced a little at the word ‘junkie’, dropped so casually, as if it wasn’t of major significance to them, to Sherlock specifically… the proverbial ‘elephant in the room’ and the catalyst for all the problems, mistakes and vitriolic anger that had followed since. But this, the danger, the puzzles, Sherlock in full flow, that fact that John would follow him anywhere, into anything, well, that was clearly an addiction too, of a different sort. No less destructive though.
“Christ squirt, stop growing for fuck’s sake, this is just embarrassing now” he drew back to look up at Sherlock’s face with a beaming smile, and how could Sherlock ever have imagined that he wouldn’t be welcome here, disgusted at his own rampant insecurity. John was right though, Sherlock towered a good five inches over him now, just the right height for John to fit his golden head right in the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
The mental image made him giggle….shit ,he was still pretty drunk. That could be the only explanation for what he said next.
He folded his jacket up in a bundle and gingerly sat down. It would be a while before the cold registered because, right now they were both sweating buckets.
“Mycroft” Victor faltered slightly before he gathered himself again, “…I didn’t expect to see you here…. my father would wish me to extend to you his sincere gratitude for your help in arranging this evening”, he bowed his head politely. They must appear to the onlooker, thought Mycroft with amusement, as two Regency gentlemen here to discuss the honour of some blushing maid.
“No”, said Sherlock glumly. His brother had sworn he’d be kept in the loop, informed as soon as the forensics came through from the hotel room, but naturally he was concerned that Sherlock’s rampant curiosity would lead him into trouble again and so there’d been radio silence for days. Greg didn’t want him involved at all, knowing the drug scene and low-life that inhabited it almost as well as Sherlock, he’d been leaning on Mycroft to keep him away, for John’s safety he’d insisted as well as his own. It was all annoyingly reasonable. But what they wouldn’t tell, he could hack and what he couldn’t hack he could find out anyway. Maybe he should try this week, in a place where Mycroft’s influence had yet to penetrate. John had a laptop, there was a family pc, it could be a possibility.
John was still worried about Victor. John wanted to see him again, for a date, an actual date, and not just sex. They would still fuck, that was a given, but he wanted to take Sherlock out, in public, where people might think they were a couple and it would be normal and wonderful and what he had wanted all along without knowing. He punched in his number, his fingers shaking slightly, and let out a breath as his own phoned chimed in his pocket.
“I’ll find you something when I get out of here…in a minute or so, I expect…oh god this feels marvellous John. It’s strange isn’t it, how one always detests the idea of taking a bath, but then you never want to get out once you’re in?”
“You need to be careful there John”, he jabbed an angry finger at John’s face, “he’s never been one to give it away for free, isn’t that right Sherlock?”
“You have been cozened by a whore…you will cast him off this minute or I swear that you will never see another penny of my money…you will be dead to me, ridiculed and scorned, denounced by all who know you as a whoremonger and sodomite…and if that is your choice then go…I will here no more of it …you sicken me…you and he both”.
“Yeah, I guess, I mean the cameras must have been knocked out a few hours ago, and he didn’t find out I was Sherlock’s boyfriend until later…sorry….I just wasn’t thinking straight”.
All that unnecessary touching…ugh…Sherlock shivered at the mere thought, and wondered how the hell he was going to avoid it.
They wobbled drunkenly down the road to the Red Lion pub, bumping shoulders before veering off like repelling magnetic poles, John heading for the road, and Sherlock for the nearest brick wall. Lestrade grabbed his arm before he could stumble into the path of a moving car.
"Oh," John said, relieved, rubbing circles over it. "Nah, it's just a bit sore. Rough tackle last match, it’ll be fine in a day or two. Honest.” To prove it, he tried to ease himself up to sitting. His weakened arm shook with the effort, and it promptly gave out again, unable to bear his weight.
He reached the bottom of the driveway, a deep trail scored through the snow by the drag of his boots as he glanced back over his shoulder to look. Sherlock’s footprints were barely visible now, rapidly extinguished by the relentless snowfall. But the tracks stopped just a few paces ahead and veered off left, away from the Holmes’ house and off to the other end of the street. He hadn’t gone home, the bloody stupid idiot, where the hell was he now? Licking his wounds somewhere probably, to make John feel guilty when he hadn’t immediately followed him out the door. Well it was working the stupid arsehole. Congratulations Sherlock, he definitely felt like a piece of shit now.
‘He’s not likely to miss a mark such as that now is he?’ whispered Susan beside me, drawing my attention away from this fright to the form of her most gallant stallion, now unbuttoned and standing stiff and erect before her. He bent down, spreading the lips that concealed her entrance and without preamble thrust his great machine inside her mighty orifice with great ease and began to move, hips pumping with a rapid friction, the bed protesting to the accompaniment of their sighs and moans.
“Come on John”, Sherlock wriggled impatiently, fighting to push his jeans down his thighs and shove them the rest of the way down his legs, as if they didn’t have all night, as if this had to happen right now.
“That’s me fucked then”, Sherlock said with a yawn, “I piss everybody off whether I mean to or not”.
Sherlock was to take his bath in his own room, in front of crackling fire, while John would use the bathroom next door and have the luxury of Mama’s beautiful roll-top bath. John laughed when he saw the copper tub that Sherlock would have to bathe in.
The answer came quick and I could sense an underlying anger there. I waited with patience until he drained the last of his beer. He continued.
It was ridiculous, Sherlock wasn’t some prize and this wasn’t a game, he was more like a bloody war zone – lob in a grenade then duck and cover, wait for the fucking fallout.
“That young man that you were chatting to” she whispered, thumbing in the direction of Victor, “was having a bit of a to-do in the foyer earlier, with a very dapper gentleman with the oddest eyes…quite put me in mind of your young man, you know, how he doesn’t just look at you, he looks into you?” She shivered slightly, a faint tremble of bird-like shoulder’s clad in dark-blue velvet. “Do you know each other well dear, because I couldn’t help overhearing them talking about Sherlock.” she didn’t elaborate, but John knew with certainty the man had been Mycroft.
“Yeah, that little dick’s got it coming, him and his pretty new boyfriend” Seb sniffed as they padded across the foyer and disappeared through the large oak doors.
“I was just thinking”, he sighed, stifling a yawn, the lack of sleep telling at last after several days of intermittent insomnia.
In the past eighteen months Sherlock had given him more than cause for concern, taking drugs and sleeping around. Why should Mycroft think John was any different from the countless nameless, faceless others Sherlock had spent the night with, or more accurately, fucked, in the intervening months. What was unusual this time, in fact, unprecedented, was that he had stayed until morning.
“You need a lift somewhere? Only, you’ll look like frosty the snowman soon if you don’t get the hell out of this blizzard”
“Er no mum, we’re fine, just a bit grubby off the journey, we’ll just get changed and come down, okay?”
“Come talk to me…you are by far the most interesting person to barge in uninvited tonight, and I’m bored now” he patted a space on the bed beside him.
Sherlock climbed out of the car looking every inch the innocent schoolboy, young and unspoilt by the world.
“You do realise we will kill each other if we keep this up” Sherlock gasped when he could finally breathe without difficulty, collapsing forward fully onto the bed, pulling John down with him as they smeared the already filthy sheets.
“But you see brother dear…. from the way you’ve been devouring the poor boy with your eyes….I rather think you do”
“No, Nanny” he mumbled, not meeting John’s eye as he clipped an expensive brown leather lead to Redbeard and hovered awkwardly, torn between obeying the call and staying here with his new friend.
Billy spoke with a seriousness and wisdom way beyond his fourteen years. It would have been chilling, if Sherlock didn’t recognise in Billy a bit of himself.
“Rough night?” said a blond kid, pushing a glass up under the optic twice before sliding the tumbler of amber liquid to him across the bar.
“For myself I see nothing to forgive, you have acquitted yourself admirably and have done us great service for which I’ll be forever in your debt. But now you must consider your own safety,” John said.
“This is no joke I can assure you”, Mycroft tutted, rolling his eyes in clear disapproval. Sherlock noted a hint of pink on his sallow cheeks, a sign of his embarrassment. My god, Mycroft was such an old-fashioned prude, could he really be only twenty-five?
“Oh,” Sherlock smiled as if something had just occurred to him, “Well, you know beds aren’t just for sleeping in.”
“Oh god what a lightweight, we’re not even out yet” Sherlock huffed, “Okay, I’ll share a bag of chips or something, some nice greasy, deep-fried, artery-clogging potatoes, will that do?” he gave a long-suffering sigh, leaning back languidly on the bed.
“Going to…. do anything that is. You would have stopped yourself, you always do. I offered you the ideal opportunity on a plate, the closest you’ve ever come, and you still would’ve stopped…..clearly you have issues….and I’m not your fucking counsellor” he hopped up, ready, and grabbing a bunch of keys from a bowl on the dressing table he stalked across the room, and turned as he reached the door.
Shit. He didn’t know what to do. Was this really the time to admit that the most he’d ever done was puff on the odd ciggy when he was drunk, like now, and had never been anywhere near an illegal substance before in his life? At least not in a social situation. Steroids were disgustingly common on nearly every sports team he’d been a member of in the past few years. He would never use himself and made sure the ones who did knew exactly how much damage they were doing to themselves.
Victor reached out a trembling hand then, and ran soft fingertips down the side of his face, his touch left a burning trail on his skin and his heart began to hammer wildly in his chest, he felt sick and light-headed, he had stayed too long and heard exactly what he didn’t want to hear.
The clean, crisp sheets felt cool beneath my skin as we slipped beneath them. We moved toward each other on instinct and I reached out tentative arms to twine them about his back, burying my face in the crook of his neck as I did so. ‘John’, I breathed into his skin, the warm ghost of my own words falling back against my own two lips as I spoke, and he answered with a murmured ‘Sherlock’, nuzzling his face in the curls atop my head and parting my rigid legs with his knee to insinuate a thigh between my own. My breath quickened. I could feel the roughness of wiry hair that coated his strong limbs where it brushed against the sensitive and oh so responsive skin of my inner thighs, enough to elicit a shiver of delight. But more so, I could feel the velvet hardness of his erect cock at the jut of my hip, pulsing deep with blood and wet at the tip. A gentle hand pressed beneath my chin and raised my head, and he reached out to trace the along the outline of my swollen mouth.
Sherlock hung up the phone and sat for a while, twiddling with the aerial. John had asked him to the party and he had said yes, then John had said ‘that’s all I want’ and oh fuck, what the hell was he going to do now?
I understood the sentiment, but for that simple twist of fate we may never have met. And so I told him of my family’s fall from grace by my father’s own mismanagement, by brother Mycroft and his estrangement while I was still a child, and then, the untimely deaths of both my parents. I could see his jaw, tensed and clenching with anger when I told him of Irene and how she hoodwinked me with the promise of employment and good fortune in the city, but I could not lay the blame at her feet for the life of me, for it was born of my own poor judgment.
Kate was spared any further involvement in the conversation by the sound of a key turning in the lock, the door opening wide to reveal a tall, wide-set man with close-cropped red hair, dressed for the gym in sweat pants, vest and sports jacket. He rattled a set of car keys in his left hand, gesturing to Elsa, ignoring Sherlock and John.
Mycroft appeared in the bathroom doorway and held up a hand impatiently to cut him off. “Stop Mr Watson, I can barely make out a coherent train of thought amongst that endless stream of babble. You just called for an ambulance…of course I would know.”
John stumbled out of the back of the van onto the silent avenue, slamming the doors before Greg pumped his foot down on the accelerater and sped off. The large white houses in Sherlock’s street glowed eerily in the dark night, lit only by the feeble glow of the yellow street- lights.
Everyone sat in a circle, about ten people in all. Sherlock realised he must have been out of it for longer than he thought if that many people had already gone, the room had been twice as full at least before he left. John started, in a clockwise direction which meant that Sherlock would be last, thank god, and really, everything started out innocent enough. John chose dare, because well, he was John Watson after all and Sherlock wouldn’t have expected anything less, but they were obviously going tame to begin with as Mike dared him to do three consecutive vodka shots. Easy.
“Get the fuck up, I am not sitting through registration and double Biology on my own. Seb said the new teacher’s a right stroppy bastard, used to teach at St Luke’s but he left cause his wife was fucking the Headmaster….still, Marty’s brother’s mate said he’s good if you don’t piss him off”.
John stiffened. There could be no mistaking Mycroft’s meaning this time, that Sherlock was basically whoring around. Sherlock had suggested to him when they first met that it was not the first time he had had such an ‘encounter’ post-gig and John certainly wasn’t naïve enough to think that anyway despite his obvious lack of experience.
It didn’t matter now anyway, if he couldn’t have John then he would just be anyone’s again, go and work for Irene, an expensive fuck-toy for those willing to pay the price, and he knew exactly where to start…
That was typical of Harry, thought John. He had first voiced his fears to her about ending things with Sara about a month ago and she really had tried to convince him that the best thing to do was make a clean break before university. But she was tired of his dithering now and had taken it upon herself to ‘force the issue’. Yes, it was sneaky and underhand, because she must’ve known that Sara would turn up right in the middle of this thing with Sherlock, but it had worked, sort of. She would definitely owe him one now though.
“Yeah, and twice as much to spare, but that won’t matter when him and his mates beat the crap out of us”
“Good day John, sorry to have kept you so long. I’ll look forward to Friday evening then. If you could be ready for seven thirty shall we say? I will arrange to send a car for you”.
He picked up the t-shirt anyway and rubbed absently at his skin as he settled cross-legged in front of his lap-top screen. John yanked the duvet off the bed and padded over to sit down beside him. Sherlock had bright red marks on his shoulder blades to add to his collection of injuries, the result of being pinned on a hard wooden floor. He was sure Sherlock would get his own back in time. John spread out the soft material to cover them both leaning a little against Sherlock, still needing to be close.
John pushed himself up and rocked back on his heels, scrubbing a hand across his face in a mixture of arousal and growing frustration. The change in mood was instant, the charged air and electric crackle of an imminent fuck was gone, replaced by resignation and a growing sense of disappointment at something lost, something they could never recapture.
He stepped inside and closed the door with a click before crossing the room to perch his arse on the edge of a large four-poster bed.
“There is a chance, a small chance”, Lestrade said, looking at me with earnest eyes. “But what I can say for certain is that there is no further record of a William Sherringford residing in this country, not that there ever was.”
The hall was almost full now as the final preparations were made for tonight’s show, the stage already set for the headline act of the night. John felt a shiver of anticipation, as he remembered just how much he loved to watch a band play live.
“Hang on a minute…is there any need to call him that…?” John looked furious on his behalf. He had his jaw clenched and his lips pinched together in anger. If Sherlock could have puffed out his chest like a proud peacock he would have.
A door opened somewhere down below, a blast of voices raised in song. John kissed me again, slow and deep this time, parting my lips with his tongue and teasing my own with soft flicks enough to make me melt against him. His hand stole down my spine, pressing in the small of my back to draw me flush against him. He was hard just from his mouth on mine, and I felt his hot prick trapped beneath his clothes, against my hip. Thrusting forward, he moaned, and the hand that had been at my waist, sprang up and pulled my head back, grabbing at a fistful of my hair. “Ah!” I gasped, as he mouthed along the length of my jaw, and set at my neck with nips and licks that set my skin ablaze. He meant to mark me, where anyone could see. The thought should have scared, not thrilled, I should have thrown him off not pressed myself closer. The urge to feel overwhelmed, and I stole a hand in between our writhing bodies, dipping down between his legs. John shuddered, helpless, and buried his head in the crook of my neck. Deft fingers made light work of the placket of his breeches and my fingers made contact with firm, silken flesh sticky with his desire. “The door,” he panted, voice rough with arousal.
Sherlock didn’t know how he would be able to ignore it, as he caught a quick glimpse of something red and rather tight.
This was the first that I had heard, and he ignored my questioning looks until we were safely ensconced once more inside our room, where he sat me down on the bed , he on the chair facing me.
Oh god, he just had to…he dipped down, licking a stripe of warm sticky fluid from John’s chest, savouring the taste of salt and musk and sex. He bent to catch more, resisting the temptation to swallow, holding it on his tongue, moving up to press his open mouth to John’s in a filthy kiss.
So he didn’t sleep and didn’t eat. John wondered just what other weird habits his strange new roommate might have.
Yes, he remembered……how the heat of Sherlock’s skin was still branded into his palms, even as the chill damp air seeped into his bones.
“You could buy them something much better than this with the twenty pounds anyway…go ahead, report me…I was only telling the truth”
A young lady burst forth, her bodice and hair in much disarray and flushed pink about the chest with exertion, exclaiming that ‘she would not ride the St George, and you cannot make me sir, dirty beast that you are’.
“Stop doing that, it makes you look like a creepy old perv” Sherlock hissed in a gap between kids as John pulled some wet-wipes out of his pocket and cleaned the result of an explosive sneeze off the side of his face and arm.
I knew this place. It had become so familiar to me in the time we had spent here that in some small way, it felt like a home, the patrons my family and the landlord like a benevolent uncle; even considering how our time here had ended.
Walter shook his head sadly “John, please try and understand…don’t fight it…this is for your own good…..I’m so sorry, I wish there was an easier, less painful way to do this….”
“Here, this might help with the shock” he pulled the bottle of whiskey from his inside pocket, and was surprised to see that almost a quarter had already gone. But something was bothering him more than that.
‘Sir’ I called prodding at his prone form as a growing wetness soaked into my breeches, ‘are you well sir?’
Sherlock had already been taller than John when he left, and since then had grown a least a couple of inches more, and Mummy said his voice was like a sonic boom too, ridiculously low for a sixteen year old boy.
Sherlock didn’t even raise his head as John clambered onto the bench next to him, his shorter coat riding up at the back a little so the snow on the back-rest soaked straight through his jeans, wetting his arse. He hitched up a little and yanked it, then sat back down, the wood bending a little under their combined weight.
At the risk of annoying Mycroft even more he chose to ask the obvious again. “But how come you didn’t know about the cameras earlier?”
“Twice more. He taught me how to bugger a man without causing harm…and the time after that was the eve of his departure…he fucked me in Regent’s Park against an oak tree, I had scratches up my arms from the roughness of the bark…I believe he is a major now, I never saw him again after that”.
They walked along the outskirts of the playground, barely warranting a glance from the group of girls, then across a narrow strip of scrubland to a tarmacked courtyard, ground marked out for parking spaces, weeds growing through the cracks, to finally stand in front of the correct block of flats.
“Remind me again why you brought me here”, he said, taking a careful sip of the bitter amber liquid and wiping away the puff of foam that clung annoyingly to his lip. He scrubbed his hand dry on the back of his best jeans and watched Harry knock back a whiskey and lemonade in one gulp, she thumped the empty tumbler down turning slightly glazed eyes on him.
He took in his appearance at a glance, designer suit, expensive haircut, Brietling framing a manicured hand, good-looking? Yeah, he would give him that, but with that distinctive whiff of the English Public Schoolboy, all mouth and no trousers. (John had no doubt who would come out on top if it came to a fight). But he couldn’t control the uncomfortable spike of jealousy that this man had slept with Sherlock, and not only that, to be his first, someone special.
“What else?” Sherlock asked, eyes lighting up like an excited child as John crawled slowly up the bed towards him.
“SSH”, John hissed, as a very enthusiastic young body pressed against his back and he missed the keyhole again. “Damn it, fuck!” he said, rather loudly as the key slipped from his fingers and clattered to the floor. Sherlock giggled beside him and bent to scoop it up, the arse of his low cut jeans revealing a delicious glimpse of porcelain skin, just ripe for sticking his teeth in.
Sherlock stifled a groan. Billy sticking his oar in wouldn’t appease John it would only serve to piss him off even more. This was not what he wanted from tonight, no more rows, he was done with all that.
John got in position behind him, hooked his arms under Sherlock’s armpits and physically hoisted him up. God, he was strong, and gorgeous and smelled so good…. He squeezed his eyes tight, unable to think straight anymore.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, and sucked in his plump bottom lip as he turned John’s words over in his head. Then a grin of pure evil lit up his face like a beacon. “John Watson, I really think I like you.”
(Not that the hard drugs were Billy’s fault, he’d been speedballing on a semi- regular basis long before that).
I looked away, as much to escape her penetrating gaze, and supped far too much wine than was good for me, snatching up the bottle myself to pour out again. John frowned a little, the slightest of looks to show he had noticed, but said naught, for my moods were known for their inconstancy. I took it on trust that he would know and understand the cause of my displeasure.
John paid the driver and sent him on his way as I stared in wonder at the well- kept shop fronts of the high street, the hand-painted signs in cursive swirls, brightly coloured and inviting. For this I had not seen, so unlike the spare and unadorned premises of a country village, where everyone knew what wares were stocked inside and so none had cause to flaunt their produce in this way. For the butcher a ham or two hung on hooks outside the door was all, and the grocer a cart of vegetables that changed as the changing seasons would warrant, and the baker, well, the delicious and tempting aromas were known for miles around to both locals and strangers alike.
“Go on, let’s have it, who’s the lucky girl then?” he punched Mike sharply in the top of his left arm.
John Watson sweated like a beast, through equal parts exertion and pain, trapped beneath a less than fragrant duvet. No one could say it wasn’t a valiant performance on his behalf, or that John was not an extremely considerate lover. At least he hoped that was the case. Except he couldn’t quite remember the name of the lady in question. And that was pretty bad form. A basic requirement. Was it Andrea? Angela? Sandra, maybe?
“But I think I need to punish you some more” his heart rate kicked up a gear again as John slowly dragged off the loosened school tie.
He sounded a little uncertain in a way Sherlock had never noticed before. Perhaps he was ringing out of politeness, pressure from his mother, and he didn’t really want to include Sherlock after all. John was twenty now, and he probably didn’t want some irritating kid hanging around, pissing off his friends every time he opened his mouth.
It was an innocent enough question. Just a polite enquiry on the events of his day, but the sight of Mike, just sitting there in the same damn position he had been in at nine this morning just made him see red.
It was too much. My own I had lost when my father’s estate had been seized by the Crown. It had not been so fine as this, being smaller by a quarter and made for a child’s arms only, but I had loved it so. I had told John one night, in that time in the early hours of dawn when sated and steeped in the afterglow of sex, of the music room, and of how I learnt to play there. My mother would sit at the pianoforte and I at her side, and together we would compose our own music to suit whatever passing fancy we chose. Just to hold such a beauty would be gift enough.
“Well you’re dead wrong this time mate”, John said defensively, “And what’s more… I’ll bloody well prove it”
“Sorry” John mumbled sleepily, wriggling to find a more comfortable position and accidently grinding on Sherlock’s cock in the process.
The officer behind the front desk looked a weird combination of bored and harassed, resigned to the utter stupidity of these prime examples of humanity who were currently cluttering up his waiting room.
This was most unexpected, for I knew the nature of this place, for all appearance respectable while concealing the depravities that I’m sure were in progress within. It was a bawdy house, the very same that Irene had spoken of and in which she plyed her trade.
Greg mouthed along his throat, an occasional light nip and tug, and Mycroft gave himself over to the sensation. They had both been too tired the night before, Greg from a day pounding the streets and endless reams of paperwork, Mycroft simply overwrought with the strain of keeping Sherlock in check for the three days of his suspension, and this morning, well, nothing dampens the libido quite like hearing your own brother in the throes of orgasm.
“Oh....do you come as a pair? How sweet!...And all the young ladies in the room will be hoping to engage you for a dance, no doubt…I must set my card down early in that case, if you attend”.
The sense of relief was inexpressible when he opened the door and saw the gleaming porcelain bathroom suite, and even more so when he finally got his dick out and let go, with a stream that was completely disproportionate to the volume of liquid he had consumed going by the time it took to finish.
Mycroft really was a diabolical bastard, Sherlock thought, not for the first time, as he strolled nonchalantly across the football field to the changing rooms, and his locker.
And when John set the brakes just a little too hard, fishtailing out and kicking gravel in an untidy arc, well that was just the icing atop a fuck-you Mycroft cake.
Who the hell did this posh smarmy git think he was? Did he think he could intimidate John with all this obvious wealth and power? Well, maybe a little bit, John thought ruefully, but he was damned if he was going to let the bastard think he had him rattled. John didn’t know what else to do, so he dashed off a quick text to Sherlock
A sharp burst of pure agony radiated out from his jaw and his head snapped back. John let go of his t-shirt and Sherlock fell, hard, as the cold concrete ground jolted every bone. He was on his back, floored by a single punch.
It was ten minutes before the reply came through as Sherlock mentally counted the seconds, telling himself that this….distance…was what they both wanted now, that John had other priorities than replying to his texts in under two minutes and it was useless to wish they could turn the clock back. John didn’t need him anymore, if he ever really had.
She proposed to travel with me, and in my eagerness to agree thought nothing of taking upon myself the expense of our journey, procuring us both places on the Chester waggon.
He should’ve said no, and had felt guilty about agreeing to do such a ridiculous thing. Neither of them had discussed it since.
Sherlock wrenched his locker open angrily, pulling on his shirt and trousers. He left the tie off and undid a couple of buttons too so that his lovely purple John-shaped mark was on full display just above his collarbone. Using last night’s t-shirt, he wet the material in one of the cracked ceramic sinks and dabbed carefully at the blood on his cheek. The cut was small and shallow, but surrounded by a bloom of pink and purple and it hurt if he pressed down too hard. He gave a hoarse chuckle at the irony, that he had escaped unscathed last night from a drug-dealer intent on force-feeding him cocaine and had his face smacked by some pathetic tosser at school a few hours later after letting his guard down for a split second.
Sherlock’s eyes were unfocused, not even pretending to listen. He chugged the last of his beer, wiped a hand across the back of his mouth and seeing nowhere to stash the empty, he shoved it into Victor’s hands with a wink and said, “Don’t wait up”, with no further explanation. He slapped him on the shoulder his eyes still fixed across the room on the bloke who stood, hands in pockets, waiting, an eyebrow raised questioningly.
He drew the proferred digits into his eager mouth and sucked, swirled and licked, working his tongue into every dip and fold of skin. It was John’s left hand, the other free to unbutton belt and jeans, and push down pants and press…oh fuck…John’s hot, damp erection fit perfectly into the crease of his arse, as the head left a sticky trail at the base of his spine.
He felt like a giddy school girl tonight, thrumming with excitement and anticipation, and it wasn’t just the early alcohol buzz. It was ages since he’d had a real night out drinking and clubbing. The last time had been with Mike and Bill from home, Bill’s eighteenth birthday. They had organised a coach trip to London, thirty people in total, he’d shared a fishbowl with Mike, almost pissed himself twice and got off with Sara at the end of the night, fingering her on the backseat of the bus on the way home, Sara’s coat draped over their bodies, fooling no-one and too drunk to care.
He heard a soft murmur of voices, Mycroft low and sonorous, all precision and clipped vowels, and the doctor, the one they’d just seen, with a higher female voice joining in. The door opened again and Anthea emerged, Blackberry clasped in her hand as usual, but actually making eye contact for a change, but she didn’t speak just smiled at John and nodded to Greg, walking off down the corridor in a swish of skirt against nylon tights and clicking stiletto heels.
“I was joking for god’s sake Vic…there’s no way I would have any of his body parts anywhere fucking near me….what I did say”, he paused braced for the smack he would get any minute now, “Was that he could watch while
Well, you’re not wrong there, thought John. His shortness of his temper when deprived of food was legendary.
“Ah yes, very amusing, unless of course I was referring to strippers of the male variety, although I very much doubt ‘The Kitty Club’ would cater to the hen-party crowd John”
“So…Sherlock….coffee? “ Mary’s disembodied eternally breezy voice broke through the charged atmosphere, “John was just on about you the other day, wondering what you’re doing now…so you can humour the old sod and put him out of his misery”.
He could never admit to John just how close he had got to the edge. On the third night back, unable to sleep with the fear closing in he’d been so fucking close to bailing and contacting Wiggy for a little help-mate, just an eighth or a wrap, with the primary objective to get off his tits for an hour or so, he’d been pacing the kitchen in his underwear when Greg had come in from work. As tired as he was, Greg had stayed up with him, called out for pizza and spent the rest of the night playing draughts and chess until Sherlock fell asleep around six on the living room sofa. He’d woken up at ten with a cheese headache and dry throat, but calmer, and they’d both agreed to keep it between themselves.
Two pairs of hands fumbled desperately at buttons and belts and zips, clothes discarded carelessly. It was messy and clumsy, neither wanting to break away, tongues licking at each new area of bare skin. Sherlock revelled in the taste of salt on his tongue as he traced along John’s neck, while pushing hands finally rid them of the hated confining clothes. He kicked his trousers onto the floor impatiently, reaching down to drag his boxers off his ankle relieved to be naked at last. They lay, pressed together head to toe sweat-slicked and panting, frozen.
Lestrade, a little younger perhaps, but no less grey, ducked under the tape and strode towards him. He stopped, metres away and leaned against a garden gate with a sigh, before pulling out a cigarette and lighting up. A little of the tension drained from his face as he sucked, inhaling the acrid smoke into his lungs and Sherlock’s brain itched with longing at the smell. Lestrade glanced from side to side, a little nervously, Sherlock thought, and he reached into his pocket again, and took out a small silver flask. Drinking on duty. Sherlock struggled to hide his shock and surprise. They may have had their differences over the years, but Lestrade had earned from him a position of the highest regard and respect (not that he would ever tell the man that – it would make him insufferably smug and Sherlock always liked to maintain an aloof distance)
I avoided his eyes as we made our way down yet another flight of stairs, and the people in the house below, a small family of four hungry children neither noted nor seemed in the least perturbed by our presence. I wished to repay them for their kindness, but John, as ever knew my mind and offered up some coin to the lady of the house. But she would not meet our eyes. It was not ingratitude, neither was it deference. If she did not see our faces we were never here at all.
What the fuck was he doing over here? He should be there on the floor beside him again, watching, waiting, monitoring like the doctor he was supposed to be, he couldn’t just sling a blanket over the mess and then leave him there, because Sherlock might not be a crime scene but it didn’t stop him looking like one. So he grabbed some pants that lay in the tangle of sheets on the bed, and walked, in stiff mechanical movements to drop down on the carpet beside him, knees banging painfully onto the thin, cheap carpet which barely cushioned him from the unyielding hardness of the floor beneath.
John would hate it, the smoky ash-tray breath but that had been the bargain – he could keep the fags for now if he agreed to quit the hard stuff.
Mycroft was being very secretive about the guest list for this evening. He knew it was to include work colleagues and a couple of other family friends perhaps, but Mycroft had been less than forthcoming on the finer details.
“Mycroft said two boys…..shouldn’t do…that” he whispered back, as Sherlock led him up to the bathrooms on the upper floor, and waited for Mama to appear.
“Not really, most of the time you wouldn’t notice that I was any different, I was probably nicer than usual, actually”
Sherlock sighed and released his hand, then replaced it on the top of John’s leg, rubbing slow teasing circles with his thumb along his thigh, while long fingers snaked down between his parted legs Ah, so he had been paying attention after all.
“I’ve got you….I promise Sherlock…I won’t let you fall” he reached around and placed a reassuring hand on his arm.
Greg was all about territory and boundaries, Sherlock could feel the hostility flow off him in waves.
And so I sat, until the warmth of the bed left my skin and my body was wracked with the shivers, and only then did I dress myself, ring down for the breakfast tray and set my mind to the work once more.
“Leave it John” , now he was the one placating and calm, any sarcastic retorts died on his lips as the image of John, drugged and cuffed by some unknown assailant in a room thick with the stench of petrol, set to burn, sprang behind his eyes.
“Your mum?” John asked, knowing how totally humiliating this was as Sherlock turned beet red and stood up, brushing dry grass off his arse.
He tried to move, to fuck himself on John’s hand in delirious abandonment, his cock hot and aching now, dribbling in anticipation. He tried to rut against the covers to create some friction, yelping in surprise when he was rewarded with a stinging slap on the arse. John puffed a cool breath over the stinging patch of skin, instantly soothing.
He dragged his arms and legs in and out, ploughing through the freezing drift, and giving Sherlock a kick in the shin, signalling him to do the same. They hadn’t done this for years, since he was eleven and Sherlock was seven, when the perfect day was building an igloo together and sliding down the hill at the back of Sherlock’s garden on industrial strength bin bags. Sherlock’s mum soon put the brakes on that, when unable to control speed or direction, they had crashed. He had suffered a split lip and Sherlock a mild concussion when he cracked his head against the garden fence.
Out of breath and panting hard, John rocked back on his heels and dragged Sherlock up with him, bouncing him up and down on his fully-clothed lap like a baby on daddy’s knee…. (Daddy?.... Oh no Sherlock, not that too!.....)
That would explain a lot about his ridiculous reaction, John thought with relief, it wouldn’t be his fault then, just a magic trick, the power to ensnare the senses that all Veela’s possessed. But still, seeing as the new kid was a boy, wouldn’t that only work on the girls? The uneasiness returned.
“Move back”, Sherlock gasped, pushing back on his shoulder and he dutifully shuffled until his spine made contact with the headboard. For comfort’s sake he grabbed the pillow trapped under his arse and stuffed in behind him instead. Sherlock climbed into his lap and pressed his lips against his neck, biting and nipping his way along John’s jaw until he fisted that fucking wild hair again and pulled his mouth up to where it was supposed to be. Right against his.
“You think too much” said Sherlock, breaking into his thoughts and pressing right down on the sore spot yet again. “Is your internal monologue where you agonise over whether or not to kiss me going to end any time soon?, because I can’t feel my right arm anymore”.
‘Please, I must impress upon you Sherlock you must not call me sir. It is John, and John only, Watson if you insist, but from this moment on we go forth as friends’, he gave pause and smiled at that final word so playful as his mind turned to that which we had so recently shared. I could not help but return it with a smile of my own. ‘And equals also’, he concluded with a determined nod.
Sherlock took a large sip from his glass and shuddered as he swallowed. He bloody hated wine, where was the sodding vodka?
But still, I look back now upon our first days at St James as happy ones. Our rooms themselves were adequate, plainly furnished and comfortable each with a bed of four posts, a wardrobe for clothing and a chaise set before a small hearth in which a merry fire burnt warm and inviting. John saw no sense in spending more of our limited finance to furnish them with anything finer, and I must applaud his frugality in this regard, he being ever the practical one.
“Yeah right…later Sherlock”, he smiled and waved as the boy bent down to give Dawn a final pat on the head before he turned to walk back down the path.
John shook his head, snorting in disbelief, but he filled the glass and grabbed the toothpaste anyway before he padded back across the bedroom floor, carefully dodging last nights discarded clothes, vague grey shapes in the dim morning gloom.
Vince had also pitched in “Yeah, I might have to invest in some of those noise cancelling headphones – Christ mate, you make some fucking noise”
“More of what…?” Sherlock panted above him, his hands gripped tight on John’s hips now, moving faster and smoother because of the release of fluid from his eager cock. John reached behind him and grasped Sherlock’s right wrist, pulling it under his body and guiding it towards his own cock, throbbing and heavy with want between his thighs.
I thought I would choke on her name when I gave voice to my deepest fear.  “It is Miss Morstan,” I said.
“Of course you do”, John smiled into his skin, cupping his chin with one hand and slowly kissing him. Sherlock couldn’t make sense of it. Victor’s touch, in fact any of the men had had been with in the recent past had left him cold and empty inside, unsatisfied. None of them had even come close to…whatever the hell this was. Even to his own ears he sounded desperate and he flushed.
They were out in the cool night air before he dared crack open his eyes again, blinking rapidly in the fading light, while they waited for a suitable break in traffic. Sherlock was ready this time when John indicated left and took off again, weaving through the early evening rush hour with a practised ease. It was…not at all what he’d expected…it was terrifying yes, but in a way that was oddly exhilarating. Sherlock tried to relax into the motion, loosening his claw-like grip on John’s sides just enough to ease out the cramps in his fingers.
John’s fingers twitched compulsively, itching to punch out another text asking where on earth the stupid git was, but knowing after number forty seven, he was definitely not going to get an answer.
“If you’ve quite finished discussing my sex life Mycroft , may I be excused?” Sherlock rose as he spoke, voice low and silky as sarcasm oozed from every pore, not actually bothering to wait for permission as he swept out through the door.
“What business have they here?” John said, his eyes on the now-open door, as if at any moment, the law would burst through and clap us both in cuffs. My mind said we should hear their approach while my body screamed out with the urge to run, and run, and run far away from this London.
“Why not? The place is empty, I don’t think Mrs Hudson will be back anytime soon. Besides it’s a bit cold in here, and I need something….someone to warm me up”
“Then he was not himself Tom!” I said, in a babbling stream of consciousness, “I cannot believe he consented to this voyage…or…or to this travesty of a betrothal, he could not have had such a change of heart, it goes against his very essence.”
Victor breathed softly, as his hand reached out to caress Sherlock’s face, stroking gently down his jaw to his chin. This could only end badly, so why the fuck was he here? To punish himself…to prove how low he could go and that John was better off without him.
John moaned, pulling Sherlock back down for another kiss anyway, tasting himself on Sherlock’s lips. It was the hottest thing Sherlock had ever done in his entire life.
Sherlock wants to fist the front of that perfectly pressed shirt until the sweat from his palms moulds it into a criss-cross of shattered lines…chaos.
A bright white glow lit up the dusty floorboards beneath the rumpled bed, unseen, ignored, a message,
I had his cock most every night, and though it would pain me to wait a while longer for my feast, I grudgingly complied.
“I didn’t think you were the shy type Sherlock…feel free to hold on a bit tighter, I promise I won’t break”
It had taken him long enough to think these thoughts, and now John really, really, wanted to know the answer to every question he had ever had about Sherlock Holmes and sex.
What? John took a minute to process what Sherlock had just said. Wait a minute, he was out of his mind? What the hell was that supposed to mean, they hadn’t had that many drinks and it would have worn off by that time, so did that mean…he was high? Oh fuck, that was it, wasn’t it, the stupid fucking bastard got high.
“Yeah mum?” John bristled at his side, the note of tension clear in his voice, wondering if this was it, ten minutes through the door and outed in the most painfully obvious way caught half naked on the floor with an erection. Sherlock half wished she would just barge in and have done with it, end the charade before it began, but he had to admit there was a little frisson of excitement to be had in sneaking around, something rather lacking in his previous encounters, but it wasn’t his choice to make this time.
“Oh…I can’t quite imagine that myself dear, call me old-fashioned but he’s a fly-by night if ever I saw one, shifty looking like he’s hiding something, and young Sherlock needs a firmer hand, someone to pull him back down to earth when he disappears off into that funny old head of his” she smiled fondly “Do tell him I said hello John love…and as I said last time…don’t be strangers” she squeezed his hand before she tottered off, the large G&T clutched in her hand.
The servants stared in awe as we passed, John set and determined, striding angrily, so swift it was a task to keep pace. My side burst in pain, but I followed on dogged, outside and around the side of the mansion to a well-kept stable. He cast around and headed for an open stall where a lad was bent at his task, with firm brisk strokes, he smoothed a brush along the flanks of a young dappled grey, who snickered softly at our approach. John let go of my hand, and in two quick steps he buried his face in the pretty mare’s neck, smoothing his hand in soothing strokes over her thick glossy mane.
“There he is, look….once you let him loose in the toy department he’s gone for hours….just a big kid really, but you remember that don’t you?....JOHN!” Mary waved madly at a figure just merging through the automatic doors. He was pushing a toddler in a bright red buggy with one of those clip-on skate board things on the back, a tiny blonde-haired child clung onto the handles as he raced along making engine noises while she squealed in delight.
“Look mate I’m a doctor, and I think you might be suffering from some sort of stress reaction, because really, you’re not making a whole lot of sense right now…is there someone I could call? Wife? Family?”
“What…you’re going to do that here…now? I was under the impression we were here to visit a crime scene not shoot up with illegal drugs” his lowered voice screamed ‘seriously pissed off’, “Are you fucking insane Sherlock?”
“Cheers Myc”, Greg said beside him, and guiding the flask to John’s lips he made him take a drink. It burned, catching the back of his throat at first, but Greg made him sip again, and this time it slid down , the warmth of it spreading slowly through his chest.
Her splayed thighs hung down, laying open to my view the greasy landscape of her womanhood, a red gaping slit overhung with a thick bush of grizzled hair offered up like a beggar’s purse.
Convenient? What the hell! John didn’t believe for one second that Mycroft gave a shit about what would be convenient to him, there was a catch here somewhere, he was sure.
I took little enjoyment from the journey there, for the jolt and sway of a carriage over cobblestones did little to ease a discomfort born of excess. For what had been pleasure in the moment, the shiver and tingle from sweet bubbles on my tongue had curdled in my gut like week old soured milk. It was a feat of endurance and a test of my fortitude, to keep hold of the meagre meal I had consumed, but John had insisted that we would not venture forth until I tried. He also made mention of withholding certain favours, which I must admit were more of a spur than was any desire for sustenance, it was a masterstroke, for he knew I could not do without.
“He’s all yours”, he snapped at John, holding the door open to gesture him inside, “and for god’s sake try and keep your hands off each other…this is a bloody hospital…and the doctor will want to see him again in a while…just so you know”, he quirked an eyebrow, as John brushed past him and finally stepped inside closing it behind him.
There was another moment of blind panic concerning his underwear. Should he leave them on, take them off? Was a bare arse a no-no? What did she say?
“Sherlock, watch those biscuits dear, they’re almost due to come out” Mummy said, trailing a cloud of flour and icing sugar through the house as she bustled through to answer the call.
“Oh god, don’t look at me like that John, only in an emergency, and that night when Greg and the rest of the band got pissed at a twenty first birthday gig, and I was the only one capable of driving us home. I’m a very good driver actually, and I am old enough, I just haven’t passed my test and I’m two years younger than it says on here”
And just to show this meant something, even though it didn’t, he kissed him. A long slow snog with tongues and a little bit of biting.
“Hmm, yeah, I might have done, actually. But you know that’s because they’re mostly a bunch of mouthy arseholes who can’t resist fiddling with shit they shouldn’t. Hey, speaking of which. It’s Friday,” he said, abruptly echoing Sherlock’s earlier question. “Aren’t you supposed to be out with Mike tonight?” Graham Watson pushed back from the desk to take the finished sheaf of invoices over to one of the filing cabinets. He dragged open the one closest to Sherlock, stuffed the binder roughly inside and shut it with a clang. Sherlock pressed back and tried to take up even less space to get out of his way, but which only pushed him further into John’s left side. He could feel John’s body-heat, and a tantalising hint of firm muscle.
Irene bade me farewell, for she was expected back at her position in a milliner’s shop in Covent Garden under the instruction of another good lady by the name of Mrs Hudson. However much I might wish to stay with my only friend this knowledge made it impossible, unsuited as I was for such skilled and delicate labours .
“The coat she was wearing last night is gone” said Sherlock, “and there don’t seem to be any indications of a struggle, so it looks like she left of her own free will at least.” He tried the door leading out to the main hallway. “Locked. She at least had time to lock up, but something’s still not right”.
“Jesus fuck Sherlock” he grunted, caught unawares by the sudden, violent switch, leaning back in for another kiss anyway, pulling Sherlock flush against him, his hard cock digging into Sherlock’s hip through the thin fabric of his pyjama pants. Who had the upper hand now, Sherlock wondered, and did he really care, as Victor’s warm hands pushed up under his clothes and traced over his chilled skin leaving a firey trail, thumbing circles around his nipples until they hardened to tight erect nubs, body responding despite the conflict in his head. He moaned so softly he wasn’t really sure he had, disgusted with himself but helplessly turned-on despite all the doubts as he let his hands drift down to cup the swell of Victor’s arse through his thin cotton pants.
“I was there for god’s sake…I lived through that and I’ll keep on reliving it to the end of my days….don’t you dare tell me I wasn’t there”
John held his breath as Sherlock’s talented digits squeezed at his full, aching balls and rubbed his cock through his jeans. John just couldn’t decide which of them Sherlock was really trying to distract. He should put a stop to this now, before he was past the point of no return, or the end result could very well be him coming in his pants in the back of the van. Sherlock rested his head on John’s shoulder and nuzzled into the side of his neck, the tip of a tongue slipped out to paint a wet trail across his skin. Shit. The urge to pull his head up just then and kiss him was overwhelming. John bit his lip and considered pushing away Sherlock’s hand. This was mad, someone was bound to notice. Oh god, someone already had.
Oh god, he actually was a mad-man John thought as the lock clicked, echoing in the darkness, and the door edged open engulfing them both in an icy blast. The wind had picked up and a flurry of snow was beginning to coat the ground and John knew from bitter experience that by morning they could be knee deep in snow. But Sherlock was obviously not put off in the slightest as he boldly struck out across the courtyard.
“What do I want with marriage….or do you for that matter?” I railed, and stomped about the room shedding my clothes as I went, until I stood full naked by the foot of the bed as he looked on, a soft sad smile playing at the corners of his mouth.
‘I wish for a good hard cock in my hand…the scrape of an unshaved face against my skin and a tight hole to fuck’.He ran his palm along the length of my cock in mirror to his words and I sucked in a breath at the feel of a fingertip as his hand stroked on the downward again, sliding slowly up the crack of my arse. He paused, gauging my reaction, and with a smile of satisfaction with what he saw in my eyes he circled, slow and teasing at the puckered skin. ‘Just like this…’
“What the hell….where the fuck have you been? I was just about to come looking for you” he hissed angrily at the sight of Sherlock looking supremely unconcerned.
interrupted” Sherlock corrected him, staring daggers at the boy in the doorway. He was tall and slender, with short sandy hair, left a little longer through the top, and he had those same cut-glass vowels as Sherlock did and that same air of entitlement.
“Yeah well” Elsa interrupted “Little miss fancy knickers gets more fucking tips than the rest of us put together some nights, so don’t go feeling all sorry for her, lucky cow” she produced a battered pack of cigarettes from her pocket, offering them round, Sherlock pulled one out and let it hang between his lips, quirking a brow at John.
“Hmm yeah…Paprika…isn’t that Sherlock’s favourite flavour?” she darted out the way, arching her back in an attempt to stop John kicking her up the arse. He caught her lightly on the backside just before she managed to slam the door.
Sherlock lit a much needed cigarette and took a deep, calming drag. He leant against the outside wall, just right of the fire exit door and waited.
At this point Sherlock should have apologised, at this point John should have turned and walked away. They did neither, just stood there, as their breath ghosted white in the night air, staring one another down.
‘Oh indeed mistress, I should like it very much’ Tom replied pacing in circles around me so that he could take in each and every angle. I blushed under the intensity of his gaze, anxious that I would be found wanting in some way.
“Hey look, don’t feel like you have to spill your guts out here, we’ll have loads of time later…if you still want to tell me….and anyway,I believe we have some flying to do” he grinned, feeling suddenly alive with the desire to be up in the air once again, for no matter how short a time.
My heart sank at such a cruel blow as this. I must refuse his advances, of that I was certain, Mrs Turner would never be disposed to go back on her bargain with the esteemed Lord to satisfy the lustful desires of a stripling boy and a novice whore. For that was how he saw me, as one of the house there to satisfy his needs. I did not think the less of him, for in which other way was he to see me?
“We should leave this for his parents to deal with… whatever it is that’s wrong, it’s not our place John”
“What the fuck is up with your brother tonight, I knew he was probably planning some sort of headfuck, but he seems to be going above and beyond the call of duty to wind you up – is that what tonight is all about?”
“It’s been fucking great so far, so why should this be any different? But if you want me to stop just say stop, okay?”
Sherlock wrinkles his nose and gently pulls away. He smiles apologetically at a pretty red-head with Irene’s lipstick smeared across her face.
The reason for her softening praise soon became clear. Tom was to help me dress, ‘tricking me out for the market’ if you will, for a gentleman had come that very day eager to make my acquaintance, a very fine gentleman I was told before whom my charms were to pass for his consideration. In truth, he had insisted on a previous sight of this good house to determine if such a place as this could be diligent in the keeping of a valuable commodity such as I, and that satisfied, I was to be brought before him with all haste lest another become aware of my existence.
Might as well start the preparations now or in an hour’s time they would be yelling at each other to get out the damn bathroom. Sherlock had his own ensuite, the lucky sod.
“It doesn’t matter John” said Sherlock, because it honestly didn’t. John came back, and that was all he needed to know about John’s feelings. “So will we be platonic friends who share a bed or will I be banished to the living room sofa on my own?”
Greg was in fits of laughter now, not ideal when negotiating London traffic, “Seriously mate, tell me you at least own Call of Duty (Dimmock shakes his head), Halo? (shakes head again). Christ, how old are you, ten?”
“I am sorry if I scared you. I swear by god Sherlock I would never seek to hurt you in that way, I….”
“Mmm handcuffs…” Sherlock buried his face in the back of John’s neck and inhaled deeply, “I think I would like to see you in some of those…on your knees maybe…”
Sherlock considered walking away, it wasn’t as if she could out-pace him on those short, arthritic legs.
Sherlock was prepared this time and at least managed the dignity of remaining upright, the new scene coming into focus much faster than the last. A large stark office, walls painted a deep, shadowy grey and a wide mahogany desk framing a tall-backed, blood-red chair.
if you refuse to back off…..as my brother is so fond of saying” he said, swinging his umbrella jauntily, “The Game Is On”.
“Not going to happen mate, we’ve never hidden a thing from each other in the five years we’ve been friends and I’m not about to start now”.
He would have been content to lie, to give me pleasure and take none, for that was his true nature, to put the needs of others before himself. But how could I not repay that which was so generously bestowed?
“Oh fuck off Sherlock, you were a rampant little cock-tease long before I came on the scene, so don’t try and pull that shit with me”
For the second time that night John placed a steady, warm hand over his own. He blinked in the harsh light, ashamed and confused.
John wandered in at just that moment, as Mike stepped through behind him and closed the door. His breath hitched a little at the sight of him as John stepped forward without a moment’s hesitation and ignoring Mike for a second, he pulled Sherlock into a crushing bear-hug, squashing the cold bottle between them. It left a damp mark from condensation and snow on John’s t-shirt.
Mycroft knew about the break-up last week, how could he not with Sherlock indisposed in a drug-induced stupor for most of the time, blissed-out and languid one day and exhaustingly energetic and manic the next depending on which substance he had chosen to abuse. But John’s sudden reappearance tonight had not even warranted the raising of an eyebrow which could only mean one thing, miraculously Mycroft approved.
“Sherlock, we have to stop, you said they would still be looking for us” John pulled back reluctantly and Sherlock gave a frustrated whine.
“I meant what I said Sherlock…don’t you dare, or…” John stuttered, throwing down his book and pen in agitation as he yanked the cigarette roughly from his mouth.
Was he serious? John snorted into his pint glass. ‘Porn? Yeah right. I can just see it now.  An army veteran with a limp and a badly healed gunshot wound, they’d laugh me right out the door in a heartbeat. And that’s before I could even get my kit off.’
Still, if it were true the gesture was sweet beyond belief and set my heart beating fast against my ribs that he would do this for me, for us both when for days he surely had observed the way I’d fretted and worried at the wild divergence of his behaviour; distant, and pensive by turns and the primal urge that swept over him, the need for demonstrable affection, by pleasuring my body and his own whenever the chance arose. Not that I would ever deny him, for I just as surely had needs of my own.
‘It is what you love, the danger, what you choose…you have had many a blushing young maid in your bed, a man such as you….but yet…few have given you true satisfaction, am I wrong?’
“Tell me then….what happens….how does it end….because I can’t stand here and watch him do that to himself….because I….I…no, this is too much”
I protested a little, for how could we succeed when I had no money or connections and no education worth speaking?
God, he was so going to regret this in the morning (or sooner), he thought checking out the crowds of significantly younger and much fitter bodies. He tugged at the front of his new checked shirt self-consciously, aware of the ever expanding paunch he’d developed from a few too many years of takeaway’s, beer and desk jobs. Depressingly, thirty-two felt ancient in comparison. He sucked in a breath and bravely scanned the crowd.
“He’s fine”, Mycroft said, “We just have to wait now, he’ll wake when he’s good and ready apparently”.
“I must admit Mr Watson… may I call you John actually? He continued without waiting for affirmation, “I find myself intrigued. Who could possibly have captivated my brother so completely? I must congratulate you John, you are the only one thus far who has managed to hold on to my brother until morning and earned a repeat….
“Jesus Sherlock, you arse…give a bloke some warning when in the vicinity of a burning hot cuppa”, John winced, as he slopped hot liquid on his jeans, “how long have you been storing that one in the wank- bank? – I’m almost scared to ask”.
Sherlock fished out his leather pocket book from under his pillow and rescued the nub of pencil from where it had rolled under the bed, ‘The Science Of Deduction’ the title page read.
John moaned and bucked his hips a little as an electric charge shot through him, caught unawares by his embarrassing lack of self-control. But Sherlock seemed pleased by the noises he made and the frantic movements of his stuttering hips as he squeezed John’s arse with his free hand and trailed a finger down between the tight cleft. And that was enough, as much as he could take, as his body surrendered, and he came, pulsing hard into Sherlock’s mouth.
Oh god, this was hideous and he was so fucking annoyed with himself, how had he not noticed this? And if he had, would he have come anyway? Fuck it, the answer was yes. That didn’t mean he wasn’t pissed off by this rude interruption to his latest depressive phase. And until proven otherwise this devious trick had Mycroft written all over it, and Sherlock would make him pay.
He collapsed against the mattress, still pulsing in weak bursts as John pounded into him a few more times jerking and uncoordinated , as warm sticky semen pumped into his arse.
A good eight inches flaccid with an impressive girth, easily the best cock in the room, John Watson was the surprise package in more ways than one.
Sherlock panted beneath him. The heat of Sherlock’s body was tight and intense around John’s cock, as he fought to remain in control. He was desperate to move, to thrust.
If Mycroft noticed their smeared faces and ragged breathing, he said nothing, just signalled them towards the kitchen with a jerk of his head.
The carriage came at eight for a late-evening supper, and the light was still bright as day when we arrived at John’s family home in Hampstead Village, a beautiful red brick mansion house in the North West of London set back from the main thoroughfare. A wide sweeping drive led up to the entrance where large oak double doors sat atop seven wide stone steps, bordered on each side by carved stone pillars in the Grecian style. It was impressive, designed with an eye to the aesthetic, displaying the wealth of the family that lived there without resorting to overt ostentation.
Mary got up from the table and squeezed past his chair to the other side. She helped Daisy down from the seat next to John and bustled off towards the ladies room with a Marks and Spencer carrier bag and a dripping wet child. Poppy ignored the whole thing, munching happily on the biscotti that had come with Sherlock’s coffee.
No-one could ever find out about this. Victor wouldn’t tell anyone, Sherlock trusted him implicitly, but maybe he was worrying for nothing, maybe John wouldn’t make the connection if he hid at the back and pretended he wasn’t here, he could pretend the shit wasn’t about to metaphorically hit the fan.
Oh hell, John was panting slightly now, eyes transfixed by Sherlock’s hand. He was sure the graphic mental image of him sitting at the back of the class, pants unzipped, lazily stroking his cock while the lesson went on around him, would be sending wild electric sparks of desire straight to his throbbing groin.
And that was it, apparently. She knocked a rubber wedge out from under the door and stepped from the room, pulling it shut with a soft click. He was alone, in a monochrome nightmare with scented candles and fairy lights about to be fondled by an oiled-up stranger for the next half hour. John fingered the edge of the towel, doubting very much in it's ability to either unfold, or to cover him. It resembled a Chinese paper fortune-teller.
“Never, you scurvy cur” John swiped at Sherlock with his stick, and they parried back and forth, the wood clacking together, until Sherlock caught John off guard, and his stick went sailing in wide arc. It bounced off a tree-trunk and disappeared into a spiky bramble bush.
Sherlock tapped at the screen again, spelling out words he never thought would come from him. Because Sherlock was always sure. Sherlock was never like…this.
Sherlock lifted his left leg and draped it over his right, ankle resting on his knee as he played idly with the laces of his shoes and wondered why this was so fucking hard when he knew in his heart what he wanted. But he had to hear him out. It had been too long and they needed this, both of them.
I glared at him and drew myself up to my full height which was not inconsiderable, “I thought perhaps sooner, but if that is the best that can be done I concur, I would not wish to have wasted my time in this way for nought”.
He glanced around, the warmth from his drink slowly flowing through his body as the world lost its sharp edges, less white noise. His cup was empty so he refilled it from the two-litre bottle by the pizza boxes on the table and added a generous slug of vodka, and then a little more for good measure, determined to silence that nagging voice in his head that wore his mother’s disapproving face.
“Assumed that you were going to get lucky tonight I see” he said archly, then added “You did realise I was a dead cert didn’t you?”
The room was dimly lit, curtains closed and the overhead lights on a dimmer switch, as he stepped inside, eyes immediately drawn to the silent form of Sherlock, dark hair spread out upon the stark, white pillow.
“Oh God Sherlock…please don’t say that that was your first time?” John felt suddenly sick with the implications of what he had just asked his friend (lover maybe?) to do. But that was impossible surely? No-one could be instantly
The doctor came out, minus the self-comfort of his clip-board and silently motioned John over, holding the door open for him to enter.
“How did you know?” Sherlock was bent over at the waist clutching his side. He peered up at John, mouth tilted in a slight smile, eyebrow quirked, questioningly.
“Yeah” said the bouncer nodding in agreement, “ Do as your girlfriend says now Sherly, piss off and stop wasting my time”.
“You’re powers are slipping brother darling, a bench in Regent’s Park, although there was a rather large bin nearby”
“Come home” John sighed as he leant his ruffled blond head on Sherlock’s arm, fingers hovering uncertainly over his own then snatching up the hand not holding a mug and linking them together so hard he felt metacarpal scrape against metacarpal. Wonderful.
“Shut the fuck up, you’ll wake the whole building Sherlock” Victor hissed as he grabbed his arm and hauled him inside, closing and locking the door again with a deft click.
“I was coming here anyway” he blew smoke at John’s face “ You have however, made things ten times worse, I can handle those morons just fine on my own…I’m not your poor little damsel in distress for fuck’s sake…. and you can’t
Gregory would say that was enough now, to reign it in somewhat, but self- restraint had never been Mycroft’s strong point.
Of course he would protest, I would not expect any less knowing his character as I now did, but I pressed my case and he relented, on condition I would allow him to purchase a token gift instead. On that I agreed, not knowing then the extent of his scheme.
“Sorry…I’m sorry…I didn’t mean to scare you…just…I’m happy now Sherlock, with Mary and the babies…I …I just wanted to see you…I didn’t mean to drag this whole thing up again”
Fuck. Sherlock’s nerves were jangling. He toyed with the half-empty pack of cigarettes in his jacket pocket, desperate for something to just take the damn edge off. All this, it reminded him of all the sneaking around they used to do, empty classrooms, the supply cupboard at the back of the gym, the fucking staff lounge at one point, anywhere and everywhere and no-one ever caught them, not once.
“You!” the teacher stabbed a finger viciously in Sherlock’s direction, “put some clothes on for god’s sake then you can get your worthless arse to the Headmaster’s office”
He sucked in a breath when Sherlock took his cock in hand again, and steadying it at the base he hovered over, spread his legs a little more and teased the livid red head around his entrance. John felt pressure, delicious warmth as he reflexively pushed up with his hips. He felt Sherlock tense, the head just breaching his body. And he paused, reaching down for the discarded tube of lube, signalled for John to raise his hand and squirted a generous amount into his open palm. He nodded in understanding and spread the cool gel around Sherlock’s hole where it strained around his cock and the rest slicked down his shaft. Sherlock bore down again, a little easier this time and they panted and grunted in unison until finally he bottomed out and sat flush in John’s lap.
“You do realise that Mycroft will have tracked your every movement as soon as you set foot on British soil Victor?”
Sherlock dragged him off the pavement and into the road, right into the path of a large horse-drawn cab, they froze for a second and time stood still as the world filled with a rolling tomb of metal and wood and ton of terrified horse-flesh. He dived forward, pushing Sherlock clear, feeling the heat from the horses skin as they narrowly avoided an idiotic brush with death.
“And when was the last time you got laid Seb?, four, no, five months ago, in a public toilet, it was over in less than three minutes and you didn’t even know his name, oh, and that’s just when you aren’t pretending to your family that you’re straight, how is the lovely Claire by the way? Does she still believe you’re saving yourself for marriage? so kindly fuck off Sebastian”.
‘My dear Sherlock, what a brazen tart you are’ he said, shedding his clothes with reckless abandon, all the quicker to lay himself over me. Youth was on our side and the liquor did nothing to dampen the strength of our desire to make love, and so, with care this time John placed a pillow under my hips to raise me up and bid me drape my legs over the top of his shoulders. I couldn’t give a care this time, loose with drink, my stomach shaking with laughter at the comedy that the sight of us must present, that I was to be fucked upon my back like a maid. And then, oh god, the laughter died in my throat at the first sweet push of his cock at my hole. The salve was a miracle, I take back my derision ten-fold, as he slid inside, inch by glorious inch. What pain could stand before a pleasure so transporting? What insupportable delight! We were joined at last, he was buried to the hilt within me holding still with the shock of it, and I pushed back against him to bid him move lest I die, I needed this so much. And so, he ruined me, for how would any other man even hope to compare to this.
He needed to see him now, just to know he was okay, and that would be enough, it just had to be enough. But John knew when it came to Sherlock it never ever would be. His body however had other plans and he pitched forward as his legs gave way at last.
And continue he did, kissing his way down my body to dispel my fears for all that had not yet transpired. A nip here, a light suck there, the trail of a hot wet tongue tracing snake-like, heedless of the shivers and tremors the teasing touch inspired, such sweet, sweet torture, and he knew it, knew all, saw in my face what he did and smiled throughout taking pleasure from my growing desperation.
‘You are out of your way sir’, Tom interceded, ‘please take your friend back’, he nodded to the other lad.
“He is a thief”, I stated simply, stealing from his employer and worries that we have been sent to spy on him, expose him and hand him over to the runners. We have been here three times this week yet our business is not clear, two strange young faces….he is old and afraid, in debt most like….but of no import to us”.
They were just outside the ballroom in a large circular vestibule, as guests milled around them clutching complementary flutes of champagne and nibbling politely on intricately presented hors d’oeuvre’s on silver trays. Mycroft stood in front of him, his fury perfectly concealed by an outward appearance of innocuous benevolence. He allowed himself a moment to savour the look of guilt and anguish that crossed Victor’s face even as he squared his shoulder’s defiantly.
“I only wish to inquire of John’s whereabouts, I was given to understand he is attending his grandmother.”
“What about you….don’t you want me to...?” he started, but the moment was stolen by a stern voice calling out from the yard. What the hell was Mycroft doing back so early? He was supposed to be lunching with father in town.
And then there was the seating plan. When had there ever been a fucking seating plan? Never, until tonight apparently.
“Oh shit…this doesn’t mean something illegal does it? I’ll kill you myself if this night ends with both of us under arrest”.
If any of these self-deprecating thoughts showed on his face Mike gave no indication that they had as he clapped him on the shoulder with a beefy hand. He went to Uni with John, the same year group, same course, and they travelled and even boarded together during term-time. Sherlock envied him that, so much time in John’s company, and wondered if Mike realised how little he deserved the privilege. But at least he was reasonably tolerable and didn’t take the piss too much, so Sherlock was willing to put his envy aside and at least fake a semblance of friendliness.
It was just too irresistible, this chance to feast my eyes upon his beauty, so young in sleep, face smoothed of all lines of care. He was sprawled upon his belly, sheets in a tangle around his knees from where we had kicked them down to seek relief from the heat of our restless motions the night before, and there they had stayed as we slept, kept warm only by the press of skin against skin. He looked so perfect, a full ruby pout, swollen from my mouth on his. I touched my own, and felt the ghost of his touch still upon them, smarting at the edges from the delicate scratch of hair on his upper lip. My gaze lingered, seized with a desire to lean forward and steal a kiss, but I refrained despite the violence that it caused within me, for I did not wish to wake him as I was not yet done. I traced the curve of his neck where blond hair lay in soft waves at the nape, the skin creamy white and inviting, so much so that I had yielded the night before and left my mark upon him, a mottled patch of purple and red at the hollow where it met his shoulder, a strange sense of satisfaction and pride welling up within me at the sight of it.
“Believe me, knowing Mycroft, it would be literal.” Sherlock raised his voice to be heard above the noise. It wasn’t an exaggeration. Not really. There was no doubt about Mycroft’s very real capability in that regard, but there was absolutely no need for John to know the twisted ins and outs of his family quite yet or their capacity for state-sanctioned murder.
“Are you sure?...you believe that the world would have been a better place without John Watson…wouldn’t you like to see if you’re right?”
“I beg your pardon madam…I wasn’t hiding….well, yes I was, but I have a naturally curious and suspicious personality and this area is noted for the high level of criminal activity at this time of year”
“That’s right, you cocky little bastard, don’t think for one minute you can put one past me” he peered closely at Sherlock as they passed by the stairs, and he lowered his eyes, palms sweating nervously at his sides.
“Outside of Winchester there is little indeed”, she turned away from me to address him in my stead, confounded by my air of hostility which I had so poorly concealed, “I look forward to every entertainment that town has to offer…tell me, will you be at the next masquerade?”
, of all people. And he wanted to do it again. John, for his part had loved every second, of the wind in his face, the open road, the risk, the speed, Sherlock clinging tightly to his waist. Oh God, especially that bit.
“I have the perfect cure for a filthy little slut who can’t keep his hands off his dick….hands behind your back…now”
The back street was unlit and deep in darkness all the better to cover our retreat as John took up my hand to pull me onward, following the boy. The noise from the tavern was but a distant hum by now, the faded yellow lights and sound muffled by the fog that for once, I found favourable even as it crept inside my lungs. It set me to coughing, and with head bent, better to stifle the noise in my sleeve we passed swiftly through a narrow, piss-soaked alley-way and back out onto the thoroughfare where he promptly melted back into the shadows and was gone again.
The kitchen was a bomb-site. People really had no respect. John leant forward and thumbed open a pizza box that lay, looking slightly battered, in the middle of the kitchen table. Some dickhead had stubbed a cigarette out on the last remaining slice, ash mingling with tomato puree and congealed mozzarella. He wrinkled his nose against the sour stench that wafted up from the greasy cardboard. His stomach lurched and he snapped the box shut again. If he had been hungry before he definitely wasn’t now.
“If it helps to quell your obvious apprehension, my name is Mycroft Holmes, and I believe you are….acquainted….(he let the word hang in the air, both an accusation and a challenge) with my younger brother, Sherlock”
For a moment John thought he had pushed too far as Sherlock’s eyes flashed dangerously dark, but then he huffed in annoyance, turned on his heel and flounced off. Not exactly a no then, but it hardly counted as a yes. No matter, John was on to him now and the bastard wouldn’t slip by him again.
He had tuned out of the general conversation about a half an hour ago, moving out of the crowded living room where the music was too loud to hear what Mike was saying to him, and the air too thick with cigarette smoke which made his eyes water and the back of his throat burn. He mouthed ‘going to get some air’, and shook his half-empty bottle in the universal sign language of ‘do you want another one?’ Mike smiled broadly and gave him the thumbs-up.
“Ah, Mrs Jessop, I see you’ve already met my colleague Mason Wilkes, Sherlock,(he beckoned him over) I do believe you already know Mason’s brother Sebastian? –from Hampdon College I believe?”
Sherlock fixed him with a steely glare, almost like a dare as he drew near. The hand holding the cigarette trembled slightly. Good, at least he wasn’t the only one going crazy here.
“Don’t! Not yet” John growled, seeing what was about to happen. He had an overwhelming urge to call the shots this time, to have Sherlock shivering underneath him, begging John to give him what he craved.
“Much better” he hummed, “sliding his hands around John’s chest with a soft, contented growl nipping lightly at his earlobe, “You should always be naked, I should have Mycroft make it a law or something – John Watson shall never wear clothes on pain of death when in the presence of one Sherlock Holmes”
The sleek black car was blessedly warm and dry, hot air blowing like a desert breeze. John sank into the black leather upholstery with a soft, contented sigh while Sherlock plopped down next to him, resentment oozing from every pore, as he squirmed around on the seat making a series of damp, squeaky, irritated noises. How dare his brother make him feel
But more sex led to more drugs, and more risky behaviour, selling himself like a whore, and not just the occasional back street blow job. And his head, the noise just wouldn’t stop, he couldn’t think anymore, the only cure – more of everything, until the night more meant far too much and it almost ended right there….
“Come here” John beckoned him over. Sherlock lurched forward like a puppet with the strings cut, and pushed him back until his knees hit the mattress. John sat down heavily and shuffled back, settling himself against the headboard again with a stack of pillows to cushion his head. Sherlock climbed up beside him and curled around the side of his body like a cat, burrowing his face into John’s wool clad stomach to hide his red-rimmed eyes.
“We’re going to break in?” whispered John incredulously. “Are you fucking insane? We can’t just barge our way into some poor woman’s house in the middle of the night!”
The noise from the street was muffled here, a high wall, three storeys on either side, a tall mesh fence with a padlocked door in the middle at the other end, only one way in and one way out. He pulled John in after him and faced him, back to the wall again, and John reached down, his left hand gripped at the top of Sherlock’s thigh, gently coaxing him to lift it up to wrap it around his hip. John braced and then lifted him from the ground. He was surprisingly strong, scooping up Sherlock’s lanky frame with ease and backing him into the wall more firmly, John used his body weight to pin Sherlock there.
Greg looked from one to the other, forehead wrinkled in confusion, until he put two and two together and made five “I already told him, about the bird thing….Moran and Anderson”
It wasn’t exactly difficult to work out where Sherlock had met these so-called friends, not the usual habitat for a wealthy, privately educated kid, that’s for certain. John tried to picture Sherlock on the streets, doing whatever he did to get the money for a fix.
“It itches…I didn’t even….when did we get out of the shower?” he sat down heavily on the toilet seat and bent over, head between his legs.
Sherlock broke for air and said, “Get on for fuck’s sake John”, tugging at the belt of his jeans to try and drag him up on the bed beside him, and deciding it would be a very good idea to keep his fingers there and unbuckle it at the same time. John had one knee on the mattress for balance, caught between heeding Mycroft’s warning and sliding his hands just a little further down to cup Sherlock’s arse through his flimsy cotton pyjama trousers. Damn it, need won out, so cop a feel it was, squeezing and kneading the firm flesh of that glorious behind. But common sense prevailed and he drew back, the doctor in him appalled, and pushed Sherlock gently down against the pillows again, ignoring his moans of protest.
John reached over and dragged him up from the sofa, kissed him hard and teasingly pinched a nipple between his thumb and forefinger. Sherlock gasped as John pulled and twisted slightly.
John scrunched his eyes tight-closed. It made him feel dizzy and disoriented, like he might pitch over. “You can’t see a bloody thing in here. Christ Sherlock. Are you
What seemed like a hundred pairs of eyes turned to stare as John pushed open the inner door and sauntered into the bar area. In reality it was maybe half full, most of the tables were occupied with people two- deep lining up to pay for drinks, mostly men, and most of them over forty, people of their age thin on the ground.
“You done?....good…van then…now”, Greg jerked his thumb to the left, “And you”, he said, turning back to Victor, “Don’t get too cocky, I don’t give a shit what daddy said, I’m going to make sure my Inspector pulls you in, you know, just so we can rule you out of the inquiry…I’m sure you understand eh?”
When next I woke, it was to the sound of footfall, boot-clad feet that clattered and paced about the room, impatient or in agitation I could not quite discern. I raised my head, eyes squinting tight with the pain.
Was it any wonder, he thought, that Sherlock had bailed on him when John had been hurt, so unable to process the turmoil inside him he’d drowned the whole thing in a chemical high.
Greg sauntered back hands in pockets, looking slightly apologetic. “Give us a minute kid? Myc wants me to brief the Inspector before we head off…and don’t worry, No-one’s going to hassle you for a statement tonight, stay here and I’ll do my best to convince them you’ve already gone okay? Pull you in tomorrow instead”.
The station was crowded with shoppers and commuters, each vying for space, and slowly, inexorably John was pushed to the platform’s edge. He peered down the track into the darkness, inhaling heat and dirt suffused with a metallic tang. It would be so easy, he thought, to just let go and step off, leave the mess of his life behind. John shivered and took another drink, heedless of the disapproving stares, eyes drawn to a group of boisterous lads, early twenties, pushing and shoving each other, completely oblivious to the people around them. An old man was shouldered in the back and stumbled towards the edge, arms windmilling as John dived, catching him in a firm grip around his chest just as a train thundered past.
“Fifty feet maybe, give or take.” John heard Sherlock huff through tightly clenched teeth. His voice strained from the effort it took to set his jaw and stop his teeth from clacking. “You’ll see a break to the right in the treeline – there’s a clearing. Turn in there.” The words came out in a series of breathless gasps muffled where his face pressed into the shoulder of John’s jacket, and a shiver ran through his body at the contrast of heat on cold damp skin.
The boy dropped his hand and moved swiftly along the street, just expecting John to follow along behind. He could have bolted then, buggered off out of sight and found a new target somewhere else, in another street. But something about this odd boy had him hooked and he stumbled along in his haste to catch up.
“Bit shit really… apparently, girls don’t seem to like it too much when you spend the whole time talking about someone else”
“Yeah…something like that” he poured some well-stewed tea from a pot into an over-sized mug, adding milk and then two sugars as an afterthought. Blood sugar, needed a boost after last night. He hid his smirk inside the giant cup.
“And that’s…is that what you want, or do you want me to take you home?” John asked him, frustrated at the turn this conversation had taken. He really hadn’t meant to bring up Victor again, however inadvertently, and now Sherlock seemed really pissed off with him.
I could scarce take a jot, the smooth silken head of him being all that would breach me at the start, and so it had been with my arsehole, tight and closed against him till I learned to trust that I would not come to harm. I pushed my tongue along the underside and the slick slide of saliva eased the passage enough that I might take in more, and in doing so he cried out, my dry lips dragging somewhat rough and unprepared for skin more delicate than it appeared.
“It’s been less than four months John” he said, more softly than he had intended, but noted that John’s and his concepts of ‘a long time’ must differ wildly. Four months had felt like an eternity.
“Shit”, John said, eloquence deserting him once again, “so I take it you have no idea who attacked you, male, female, familiar, stranger, anything?”
That calculating, icy stare locked on his and John felt a flutter in his chest as Sherlock smiled and said “Oh yes…I’m sure he will”
I felt the sweet flame ignite within me as I looked upon it, imagining all the things which we had yet to do and that I both feared and craved. How would it be to sink within him as he had done to me, holding his hips as I pushed into his willing body and spilled my seed inside him? Or he, on his back as he was this minute guiding me down to impale myself upon his cock? I flushed as I felt myself harden, aroused by the image of debauchery conjured from my own mind and stole my hand down beneath the rumpled sheets, heart racing at the thought of touching myself in this way while he slept alongside me, oblivious. My eyes closed and I sighed.
“Less of the sass young man, I’ve but bigger than you across my knee in my time….I’m here to help you, but I’m curious…I expected a ….different reaction from you”
John’s face, John’s arse, his lips, his firm toned thighs and gorgeous long, thick cock. A checklist of John-ness in his head. Did body parts count? Sherlock paused in his mental appraisal to give the matter a full two seconds thought and decided that yes, every part of John, every single molecule was infinitely important. That was why, when they stepped into the shower together he decided to show John exactly how much.
“So here it is….Merry Christmas, everybodieeee’s having fuuun!....”he croaked before John finally managed to control his flailing arms enough to pull him back down. Sherlock shifted slightly to avoid the puddle of liquid slowly pooling out across the floor.
Sherlock padded across the room and ripped the covers off roughly, “Get up shithead it’s after eight and you stink of fucking beer”.
“It’s a classic” Sherlock glowered, but John could tell he was only pretending to be offended, “…or it will be…I restored it myself”.
“Really? You have to ask? Come on, it’s hardly The Kings Road around here….whatever you don’t mind getting soaked in beer or me ripping off you later”, John grinned and grabbed a towel from the end of his bed heading towards the door and the bathroom. Sherlock picked a t-shirt in faded grey, one of three, almost identical and pulled it on.
The weeks turned to months and still every Sunday they met up, except the long summer break which Sherlock would spend with his grandparents in France, only returning for the last weekend before school began. Sherlock never talked about his other friends, or school (John knew it was the posh private day school on Lancaster road), or even his family, but encouraged John to spill every detail of his life, stopping him from time to time to make ‘deductions’ he called them, about classmates and his mum and Harry which usually turned out to be spookily accurate, like magic or something.
“Ah, and they say romance is dead…as long as I don’t have to hold your hair back off your face while you puke up all over the place”
(The time to walk away would have been after the punching bit, but his dick had apparently had a completely different set of plans tonight).
“Thit, m’thorry”, John lisped, as he levered himself up again on his remaining good arm and discreetly attempted to extract several pubic hairs from the back of his tongue, (as well as his face from a near-strangers nether regions.) He stifled the resultant cough as one caught in the back of his throat anyway, and swallowed thickly. His own interest had blessedly wilted in the both the figurative and literal sense thank god.
(This is an odd one because I've only ever written in the 3rd person before - but I got strangely attached to this little fic, so I decided to post it in all it's ropey glory anyway)
John stood by the door, back against the wall with a hand pressed tight to his ribs where Greg had hoofed him into next week.
I threw back the covers in remembrance I was no guest and exclaimed that if it would please her would get up now and attend to my duties, such as she would have me do and to beg her pardon again for my tardiness and neglect. The good lady laughed at my eagerness, bidding me calm myself, declaring that the gentlemen would be fair thrilled with a ‘bud of beauty’ such as I and that they would admire me vastly for my looks and disposition.
Mycroft’s gaze passed back and forward between them both, as if considering something carefully in his head, making a decision before he answered.
Sherlock glanced at his discarded towel on the floor and then to his body, where the nails of his left hand had scored livid red scratches down his right arm, some of which had started to bleed a little, tiny beads of red welled up.
Then it was tongues brushing softly, gentle nips and licks, a slight tug with eager teeth, and oh god, he just couldn’t stop the soft moan that escaped from his throat.
John crossed the room in three quick strides and cupped Sherlock’s jaw, yanking his head down to claim his mouth in a hard, possessive kiss, the other hand tangled in his hair pulling hard enough to make his eyes water. John stepped back again releasing him, breath heavy and panting, and Sherlock whined pathetically, actually fucking whined, and that was one of the least embarrassing noises John always seemed to pull from him. He was gone, a mess, totally besotted and he couldn’t do a damn thing about it.
John groaned inwardly, and thought about the dingy bedsit which he could only just afford on his pittance of an army pension, and just how far he had yet to sink. Yeah, it really was a joke Mike. He had not gone through six months of hell in recovery, to come home like an invalid and work minimum wage in fucking Asda.  No way. ‘I’m really not that desperate yet,’ he said, even though he clearly was.
Mycroft crossed to stand beside him and then hunkered down, throwing his umbrella on the end of the bed and then bent carefully over his brother, hands braced against the carpet for balance. His face was close, not more than an inch or two away as he scanned up and down Sherlock’s still, pale body, gathering data, assessing, to draw the same conclusions that John had already come to.
He curled over onto his side to face him, and stretched out yawning. Sleep had eluded him last night, another annoying side-effect of no John in his bed, the level of co-dependency since the attack ramping up exponentially. His own weakness was a constant annoyance.
How the hell did he do it? A few whispered words in his ear had reduced him to a quivering, needy wreck. No-one had ever, ever affected him like this before, turned him on so much with a few well chosen, filthy words knowing exactly which buttons to push. It was instinctive, incredible, that he could hone in, in a heartbeat on every single one of Sherlock’s weak spots. He would be terrified if it wasn’t so fucking hot.
“Come on, over here” John whispered urgently, pushing Sherlock roughly to a small recess behind a suit of armour at the foot of the stairs.
His hips began to rock slightly, back and forward, he wanted to fuck Sherlock’s mouth, that gorgeous mouth, oh god he needed to come, he was going to come down Sherlock’s throat, and Sherlock would swallow it down and lick him clean.
He pinched and rolled and pulled until Sherlock’s nipple was livid red and hard then he licked over it with the flat of his tongue in soft soothing stripes. Sherlock shuddered and moaned clinging to his waist.
Despite what he said, John set about disrobing me quite of his own accord. And whilst I teased him for such a display of impatience, I let his hands roam over me, touching and stroking, felt the light, stinging scratch of the stubble on his chin as he peeled off my jacket, then waistcoat, then shirt, mouthing each inch of skin that was uncovered. Kisses pressed down the length of my spine which made me arch and gasp and curse him beneath my breath but more of a benediction in nature than from any desire for him to stop. And he did not stop, continued as I knew, and yes, hoped that he would. He looped a hand around my chest and traced his fingertip over the ring while his dominant left hand slid down, down, beyond the curve of my back stealing beneath the boundary of my smallclothes.
My cheeks burned. I understood the implication. She had already guessed we did not have her money, but had reckoned how to make more. “Two weeks the rent is overdue dear – or else there are others who’d be willing to take up your burden, I’m sure, pretty face like yours.”
With a course of action fixed, I could not sit idle. I dressed myself in haste, washed quickly, ran a damp cloth over my face and neck, wiping sweat and grime and John from my body. I meant to set out for St James’ square with intent to take a carriage from the avenue. But as is the way with the dogs at your heels, Mrs Davis blocked my way upon the stair.
“No…that’s not it…I came in with Greg, they wouldn’t let me come in the ambulance with you….but Christ Sherlock, you scared me so much, just lying there…when I opened that door and you were on the floor…shit…I …thought you were …were dead”.
“Just don’t Mary….how could you…talk about guns, like it’s some sort of joke after….what you did to…Sher…”
Christ, if Sherlock was swearing it must be bad….hell, if he had resorted to shouting at Lestrade, the only one apart from himself who could instill in Sherlock, some sense of calm.
“Oi! Not funny,” he scolded, ignoring the chorus of wolf-whistles. Good-natured as it had been, he could fully understand why girls hated it when boys did it. Christ, a pack of women could be scary.
John just rolled his eyes “Come on….seriously…you’re toffs…and I’m just some…oik…your words” he added defensively.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed dangerously for half a beat, mostly green today Mycroft noted, which was always particularly telling regarding Sherlock’s current mental state. He must remind Greg to take extra care this evening.
“Good luck hiding that on the tube – don’t stand too close to anyone and watch out for the vibrations”
He cleared his throat to break the silence, rubbing his hands nervously upon his thighs, “Well aren’t you going to ask where we’re going?” he asked, “Always did have to know the far end of a fart and which way the bloody wind blows”, he added with a grin.
I cast my eyes down, the memory of our mutual pleasure yet clear in my mind, the stain of which lay still upon my body.
“Anderson. Fuck. That’s more than enough time for that idiot to trample all over the evidence…my source suggested bodies?”
“Go ahead, I aint stopping ya, it’s not as if I don’t know you’re a bender Shez so each to ‘is own…bit scratchy though innit snoggin another bloke?”
As he said it, a phantom pain shot down the side of his leg and John winced and shifted in his seat. A timely reminder of the broken body and the equally broken soul he’d only just managed to drag back from the desert. But of course, no-one else was allowed to see that, least of all Mike Stamford who’d known John when they were young and whole making plans for a future that only one had managed to achieve. How had John got it so, so wrong?
There was anger there this time, and irritation too, and John could sense the fear, the ultimate nightmare for Sherlock that he couldn’t rely on his own mental faculties, they had failed him, the answer to a vital question beyond his grasp.
Damn. Sherlock was intrigued despite himself, now he would have to listen to his insufferable brother a while longer when he would much rather have taken John back home to continue their very interesting discussion. John yawned widely beside him, a timely reminder that not everyone suffered from rampant insomnia.
Sherlock would not mind in the least”, she said holding out her arm to him, emboldened within these surroundings, and why not? Hadn’t I only minutes before revelled in the feel of his tongue in my mouth at this very spot, drenched and tingling with champagne? I wondered if the talk she had heard spoke of that.
“Look at you…you look so fucking gorgeous…writhing around like a cheap tart…oh god, I wish I could fuck you again right now”
Sherlock eased himself up and pushed the sash up further, it stuck so he gave it a shove with his shoulder, hooking his right hand underneath the frame. He winced at the noise, a teeth-jarring squeal. Victor stirred and popped his head out from under the blankets with a groan.
‘Sherlock here is fresh from the country Mr Weston sir, as pretty as a picture I’m sure you agree and innocent as the day he was born, with a hole as tight as the lock on the crown jewels that’s a guaranteed solid gold certainty….Tom’ she inclined her head towards the door, bidding him take me from the parlour to the back room while she talked terms with this ghastly vision, making clear to me in that moment that I was not the first to be presented to him in this way.
Sherlock snapped his hips forward hard, quickly building up the rough, driving rhythm he needed, in and out, skin slapping skin with sweaty smacks like whip-cracks in the echoing space.
“Sherl….Sherlock”, John cleared his throat and Sherlock raised his head and peered around the heads in front of him to the man behind the wide oak desk. He was pale, his fingers gripped at the edge of the wood and his knuckles were tensed and white, and his face was a studied mask, a fixed and awkward smile of faked joviality as he gathered himself and read out the name again.
“Oh, a doctor I think, if I do well at school, or maybe a soldier, I haven’t made my mind up but I’m only thirteen so there’s loads of time yet….bit boring, your idea is so much cooler”.
“Master Watson says you’ll be having a bath now, and to dress in the blue that brings out your eyes….oh, and be ready to leave the minute he returns”.
“Now who said it was going to be fun? And whatever happened to the art of stealth, because for someone who doesn’t want to be caught you’re making a hell of a lot of noise” Sherlock scowled at him again in the light from John’s wand tip, the shadows accentuated the dips and planes of his face. “And you can put that out for a start…I have excellent night vision”
It had been hard to leave him this morning, and also hard to acknowledge that he felt such a deep-seated need to be with someone, to have them close. Emotional entanglements were dangerous, he felt, made you foolish and vulnerable, compromised your ability to make rational decisions. Sherlock chose solitude as form of self-preservation, a way to avoid being hurt (again), wrapped it around his heart like barbed wire. The outside world might see a heartless, arrogant arsehole, but the truth was, Sherlock was afraid to feel, because when he did, he felt too deeply and it consumed him.
“Patience, we can’t…not here”, John whispered. And Sherlock glanced up to see the driver eyeing them with disapproval through the rear view mirror. He turned his head slightly into John’s neck and slid his tongue out teasingly, giving tiny little licks at the skin. He heard John’s breath catch in his throat and smiled.
“He’s right, there is no Doctor and Mrs Watson living here…Mary Morstan on the other hand, is a career assassin, solely responsible for eleven deaths in the past eighteen months, currently residing in Paris awaiting her next assignment from a Mr Moriarty…I do believe you’ve heard of him…. my boss is very pissed off with her, I can tell you”
Sherlock hissed, aiming straight for John’s kink button with pinpoint accuracy – of being caught in the act, successfully reminding John who was really in control here, even from the bottom.
Sherlock opens her closet and reaches for a dress, any dress, she won’t care which, he pulls out something tight and red and throws it at her in mock irritation
“Oh God John, I thought you would already know…Molly told me…Mike said……” she trailed off helplessly as John stood frozen in the middle of the room.
“I’ve already had my ‘kicks’ as you so elegantly put it…anyone you know?” he inclined his head towards the burnt out shell.
“So John”, Sebastian called his attention from across the table, “how do you and Sherlock know each other? He never did say how you met”.
He deserved it, for that moment of weakness in the early hours when he should have been strong, deleted that damn message from the ghost of his past, when the scent of John was still on his skin and his come up his arse for fuck’s sake, but the urge to see Victor one last time had proved too strong, a mistake, a terrible mistake.
“Really? Christ….yeah I suppose it must have been…Daisy has just turned four and Poppy’s two in March”.
John leaned in and stretched out his free hand. His index finger hooked around an errant curl and brushed it gently back. Then that same fingertip traced a path along his cheekbone and down, down along his jaw. John’s eyes flicked back and forth across Sherlock’s face, and just when Sherlock really thought he might combust, his lips parted and he whispered, “Sherlock…can I just…?”
“When I came round” he ignored the small gasp (didn’t know I was knocked out cold then…feeling guilty now?) “I tried to call again…where the hell did you go?”
It was crowded but not as bad as last time when he had been forced to inhale someone elses bad breath and body odour.
His stomach lurched again as he finally set foot on the Kings Road, feeling conspicuous and out of place even though he knew he looked like he belonged, his extraordinary looks earning more than a few passing glances as he made his way past smart shops and bars to The Jam Tree, a favourite hang-out of the rich boarding school set, chilled, funky décor and over-inflated prices, how very Victor, Sherlock thought with a smirk as he pushed open the door and stepped inside.
When he woke, bleary eyed and disoriented in the morning, he fully expected Sherlock to be gone, like last night had been a dream, a figment of an over-sexed adolescent imagination. But there he was, curled up under the covers, looking impossibly beautiful and young without the weight of expectation and a notorious reputation hanging over his dark, curly head.
Why should I notice such things you say? Am I not allowed to admire, to appreciate beauty in those other than myself be they male or female? (My admiration, such as it was, was purely selfish having no wish to share a bedchamber with a more disagreeable fellow).
Sherlock shuddered, sinking a finger into his body, he rolled his hips and his mouth fell open. He placed his right hand on John’s stomach to steady himself and rocked up and down slowly. John could see the tension in his thighs, the way the muscles quivered with every shallow little thrust. The steady rhythm stuttered a little as he eased another finger inside his own body and dropped forward, body curled over John’s fucking faster against his own hand. His breath ghosted over John’s body as he panted desperately, hips slowing and stuttering to a halt.
“Don’t you dare ring” he called in a disgruntled voice from his place on the floor “, I’m not going to anyone’s party, I’d rather stay here”
Sherlock and John are childhood neighbours and best friends, but when John comes home for the holidays, could it turn into something more?
Fucking hell. The response was instantaneous. John scooted to the edge of the bed with lightning speed, and swung his legs over the side, hauling Sherlock’s lanky frame across his knees with a sudden rush that knocked the air from his lungs, and made the blood go rushing to his head.
Walter stared up into the endless white sky, frowned and shook his head. “No….I’m afraid we need to make a couple more trips”
“Next time? I got busted. What makes you think there’ll be a next time?” John said. In truth it was a relief Sherlock didn’t think he was some sort of creepy, crazed stalker. John closed his mouth with an audible click. This was….not how he’d imagined their first conversation. It sounded much too close to flirtation.
“If Sherlock wishes it”. John conceded with a smile, and I baulked at the touch of her hand upon his arm, the hateful coquette. Never had I been more glad for the maid, who at that moment came round to clear the plates for desert. Her hand was removed with a twitch of his arm and she drew back, the ghost of a smile playing at her lips.
Irene scowled in annoyance at this unintentional slip, having revealed much more than she wished to my tender ears, her countenance only clearing at the sight of a plump, smiling matron who had lately entered the room.
Under the guise of the twitchy addict Sherlock’s eyes darted to and fro taking in every detail of the small flat, and it’s occupants, but John could practically see the cogs whirring inside his brain as he digested and assimilated the information before him, then turning his attention fully to the two bemused occupants. Elsa was short and curvaceous in stature, bleach-blonde hair about three weeks regrowth, various minor cuts and abrasions to the face and neck, also her hands. This much John could see for himself, but Sherlock must have found something else, as a brief smile of satisfaction ghosted across his lips.
And so it had been for all the time we had been together, as the days had turned swiftly to weeks and months, and the cool chill of late winter gave way to the promise of warm summer days. My happiness only grew through this time, long hours spent in each other’s company doing little to dampen our desire or mutual regard for one another with as many hours spent laid down all sticky and sweat-slick, as ever was spent in the company of others.
Peterson nodded and he clicked on the first image of a bedroom, badly charred, with an old fashioned iron bedframe taking up almost the entire back wall. A body lay stretched out on the bare mattress, left arm raised above his head, attached by handcuffs to the bedpost. The next shot was of the floor by the blown out window, and another body, propped against the wall, similarly cuffed to the radiator.
“What can I do?” Sherlock asked, in a low, tentative voice, that unleashed a twist and curl inside him as if a snake was writhing in his gut.
“Hey there gorgeous” she winked, her friends bursting into a volley of drunken giggles, already loaded up before they even hit the bars. Not a bad idea really, Sherlock thought, maybe John had some vodka or something, sink a few shots before they left….
“You’re sitting on the stairs aren’t you?” John’s voice spoke into his ear, making it race faster still, “sit against the wall or you’ll hurt yourself Stegosaurus spine” he laughed, and Sherlock didn’t even bother to question how he knew,( John always did), he just shuffled over obediently and settled himself on the opposite side.
“A car will collect you from school at 3.30pm, you will be brought directly home where you will shower, change for dinner and complete any outstanding homework. Lestrade will arrive to collect you at 8.30pm. you have an engagement tonight I believe. You will arrive home no later than 1.00am. I will be waiting in the study. You will not be engaging in any further acts of public indecency, do I make myself clear?”
So, here he stood, doped up on Codeine, stomach a nervous flutter just at the thought of seeing Sherlock again.
“Worried about your back old man?” Sherlock smirked, grabbing him by the hand and heading through the kitchen towards the bedrooms. “Standard layout…it’s this one here, am I right?” he said cheekily, kicking open the half open door and dragging John in after him.
There was obviously something going on here, a layer of subtext, every word had a double meaning John was sure, but she was hardly Sherlock’s type now, was she?
Greg flinched as he screamed out the last word, and it finally hit home. This wasn’t a game anymore. It only took a few seconds for the images on the wall and the scene on the floor to connect and register, then Greg was raging, standing over them both, disgusted and horrified.
“Forgive me Grandmama”, he said, regaining his composure once again, “ This is Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes, a most treasured friend”. He clapped a hand to my shoulder and made no attempt to conceal his broad smile.
They rounded a corner which led back through the alley to the high street and Sherlock stopped abruptly, spinning John around to face him.
“On the contrary” she said, glancing over my shoulder, “Your reputation is growing in town. It is only a matter of time my love before you are seen for what you are…take care”.
William Holmes pursed his lips in thought, staring around the shabby house with a dark and dangerous look in his eye.
“There are no flies on you dear are there? To show you the truth of course….how things would have turned out had you never been around”
“Her sudden change of heart at the mention of Doug Miller of course, don’t you see John? People don’t like telling you things, but they love to contradict you. If I’m right, they were threatened into silence that night by people who knew Frank and knew their secrets too”
By the time John had made it out of the tenth circle of hell that was the London Underground during rush hour, he felt filthy and irritated and desperate for another cleansing shower (solo this time, regrettably) and not at all horny anymore.
Yes, dance! The thought of swaying in his arms was most appealing. He laughed, and caught my chin, then taking a swig from his glass he pulled my face forward and pressed his lips to my open mouth and allowed the tingling liquid to slide onto my tongue. How exquisite it felt! So much so that I lost myself in that moment, forgot where I stood and chased the taste around his lips with my tongue. Hoots of laughter and cat-calls sounded out around us and I sprang away, face flushed with guilt.
“I can’t believe you’re really here, I thought after what I told you, you might never want to see me again” Sherlock reached out a hand and brushed gently across his face, his icy fingers burned like a brand on John’s skin.
“It’s Mrs Watson” she stared in disbelief. So many faces, good kids, normal kids from normal families, just like Sherlock and John.
He stared back at John with an air of defiance, school tie askew, top buttons undone, sprawled across the bed, the very definition of slutty jailbait.
“It’s fine, I was tested after….” He hesitated. “….well, I got the results back a couple of days ago, it’s all fine….do it John…please”
John was struck with a vivid memory from the night before and felt a heady rush of desire, Sherlock, riding him, sweating and desperate, pinning John’s wrists to the bed over his head, shouting John’s name as he came. He couldn’t let his thoughts continue down that path just yet, it would be near impossible to hide a hard-on from his mates.
“What did he say, did he see me touching your prick?” John whispered worriedly in his ear “Cause we weren’t doing anything wrong if that’s what you thought”
Graham Watson cleared his throat. “Just don’t stay out too late,” he said. “But if you do,” he threw John a significant look again. “Just be quiet when you come in or Harry will do her nut, so erm...just keep that in mind, if you, uh…” he waved a hand, gesturing helplessly. “Do whatever it is you boys do…”
There was no need to explain thank god, John knew what was on his mind every minute of every day because he thought of it too, near constantly, the guilt of not knowing consuming them both in subtly different ways, and so John shrugged, and rooted in his pocket for some loose change as the lady with the trolley passed by. He bought overpriced Quaver’s and some M&M crispies and pushed them wordlessly across the plastic table towards him, smiling contentedly as Sherlock in silent appreciation wolfed down every single bite.
“Get her out of there Irene, or I’ll begin to worry if your powers are waning, she had sub written all over her, surely it won’t be that hard?”
“Because I can see it in your eyes, and that funny little crease you get along the top of your nose”.
“You were passed out on the bed, off your face on god know’s what” John moaned as Sherlock slammed him into the wall between kitchen and living room and thumbed his nipples through his clothes.
I felt John step up beside me, and taking my arm he pulled me away so that he might speak into my ear. “Sherlock, come away now”, he whispered urgently, “seeing her here can only be to your disadvantage. She betrayed you most horribly and is in league or was, with Mrs Turner and may yet have cause to wish you harm. Her mistress seems honourable enough, but you must think upon their business and take care”.
“Of course I don’t. Look, I guess this is payback for the ride over, right?” With as much dignity as he could muster, John shook his foot free. “ Um, sorry.”  John said, feeling guilty and a little chastened. Guilty because he’d felt Sherlock’s grip tighten in fear. Guilty because
John closed his eyes and dipped his head down a little, the remnants of a shredded napkin in his lap, “I want to split you in two” he said, looking up at last. His eyes had gone dark now, a bare rim of iris around the black hole of the pupil. Sherlock noticed these things. He also noticed himself, heart-hammering and cock hard, as he pictured it…what John could…no….would do to him.
“Something wrong?” he asked, fighting back the urge to bite down on his bottom lip. John tracked the movement anyway, and cleared his throat. “Um, yeah, you’ve got….let me just…”
“No, no problem, he’s just a Grade- A cunt” Sherlock sighed, standing up to pull his boxer’s back on, wobbling a little as he tried to hook his foot through the other leg-hole “….shower?”
“Opium I heard tell,” I heard Charles say, “and the suspicion of immoral activity. For the two to go hand in hand is most commonplace these days. Some of the patrons, ah, raised their objections and that is the disturbance you can hear.”
He slid into a cocoon of steamy, wet heat, and all his muscles seemed to cry out with relief, easing all his aches, and his stinging, sore feet. Someone had hung a rough flannel on the side, so he used it to scrub his skin until it was pink and glowing and it felt silky smooth.
“I can get you off if you want me too…I know how to do that” John whispered in his ear as he clung to his shoulders unable to speak or even think. He gave a shaky nod and John continued, sliding his fingers up and down his prick until Sherlock thought he would die from the sensation.
“On a break, ten minutes, just enough time for a smoke and a piss and to come and see my gorgeous little brother and his twat of a boyfriend”, she glared at Sherlock and pressed another kiss to the back of John’s neck.
Mycroft plopped down heavily on the velvet cushions at his side and tapped the side of the carriage, signalling to the driver to move out.
John stepped up alongside Sherlock. “It looks like a church, or something,” he said in a reverent whisper. His warm breath tickled Sherlock’s neck and made the boy visibly shiver.
Vic tossed the box at him and he caught it one-handed, “Well?” he said, looking at him expectantly, “you coming in or what?”
He climbed over the side and rubbed himself dry with a soft, white towel as big as a bedsheet, thankful that he didn’t leave any telltale smears of dirt to show him up as the urchin he was. There was nothing else for it, but to wrap the fluffy folds around himself like a makeshift dress as he padded down the corridor to Sherlock’s door.
John paused, just about to deliver an unequivocal ‘fuck off’. That week when he thought they were finished, when even breathing proved difficult, and not from the bruising on his legs and ribs, but from the realisation that he might never get to hold him again, that had damn near killed him. And this poor bastard had pined for almost two years. Maybe they weren’t so different after all.
For the first time Lestrade looked hesitant, touched by the longing now apparent in my voice. He reached across the table and covered my hand with his own.
“Christ Sherlock, no need to take it so seriously. I’m only fucking around,” said Victor with a huff, hands held up in mock surrender. “John,” he said, inclining his head toward him, “please accept my humble apology for such unforgivable rudeness, of course, you’re perfectly welcome to stare at my boyfriend’s incomparable arse any time you want to.”
Sarah held out her hand, face blushing madly and there in her palm sat a shining golden guinea, a fortune indeed to lowly young housemaid, and a handsome tip indeed for the delivery of a simple note.
Before Greg could stop him, before he could even think, he stormed across the carpark, feet thudding loudly against the tarmac, closer and closer as Victor’s eyes went wide in realisation, backing away with his hands raised in a gesture of supplication.
“Well its better than having a boring, ordinary name like John”, he snapped, hugging his knees now and mouthing at the fabric of his jeans where they stretched out over the bone. John stared at the growing wet patch, realised he was staring, and that that was a bit creepy, and suitably distracted, took a much bigger drag than he meant to.
“Come on” John answered, “If I had the skill to change into an animal at will, do you seriously think I’d choose a bird?”
And here lay the source of my disquiet. We could not be open, and every wench in London it seemed was at pains to win his regard. For myself I cared not, let them think me a cad or an arrogant prig, for hell would freeze before I would suffer any one of them to lay a hand upon him.
John flashed him an apologetic look and pushed up from the wall, heading inside to the downstairs cloakroom.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and gave John’s balls a squeeze as punishment, smirking at the strangled moan as he squirmed, caught between slapping Sherlock’s hand away and begging for more. In the end it wasn’t a choice. The begging would have to wait.
“She’s a rare beauty Sherlock” John approached Jute and patted her neck without fear. The young horse tossed her head a little and then buried her soft, wet nose in John’s palm. He laughed “She’s after a tasty treat I think, shame we didn’t pinch an apple from the kitchen, I bet she would’ve enjoyed that”
“Kitty dear”, Mrs Hudson called out. The girl looked up from her task, and leaving her things strewn wild on the table she rose, walking to the gent and offering her arm, “Fancy goods sir?”, she asked, and he answered with a curt nod, and indicating the door with the willow and birch trees beside it she lead him by us and entered into that mysterious chamber beyond.
“We should leave it”, said John, “not try and force it, these next few days while we’re here. Let’s just relax and treat it like a holiday, it’s my birthday tomorrow for god’s sake, and you can piss yourself laughing while I die of embarrassment coming out to my mum, because there’s no way I’m sleeping on my own again tonight”.
When they did make it over the threshold ten minutes later, his whole body tingled from both the alcohol and the cold air from outside. They stood still and scanned the crowd for familiar faces until they noticed Vince approaching from the right, expertly balancing three pints.
His eyes lacked the kaleidoscopic vibrancy that Sherlock’s had, but his gaze was equally as penetrating, subjecting John to the same soul-stripping scrutiny he had felt when he had first encountered Sherlock – was it really only two days ago?
“Nope,” said John, popping the ‘p’ with a smile. This felt good, much better, to joke around and tease a little. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind it. He shifted his weight to his right leg which tilted his body closer. “And I’m not some secret billionaire crime-fighting superhero with a tragic past and a death-wish either… just in case you were wondering.” John added, lowering his voice to almost a whisper.
the house…always have an escape plan John” he added cheerfully as he cupped his hands around his eyes to block out any residual light and peered intently through the window.
He sat on the chaise like a large squat toad and I hovered in uncertainty, fussing about the tea things to delay the moment when I must go sit alongside him, but the violence of his ardour had been misjudged and I found myself gripped in a tight embrace as he rose, flinging his arms about my waist to roughly draw me to him. His size gave him the advantage of me and we sat back heavily upon the chaise whereby I was subjected to a barrage of pestilential kisses upon my face and neck which in my surprise I endured, quite passive and unresisting, my wits momentarily overcome by the force of the attack. Emboldened, his wandering hands soon sought to divest me of my waistcoat and shirt, pressed back as I now was with his full weight atop me, pawing at my naked chest.
“Oh, I have…loads…” John trailed off, looking thoughtful, then guarded , impossible for Sherlock to read anymore. John bumped shoulders in a completely matey, platonic way and leapt up.
‘You could do what exactly Susan Evans?’, Tom’s voice sounded in a hoarse whisper behind us making me start with the guilt of our discovery, ‘there will be hell to pay if your mistress finds you here’
Sherlock stopped bouncing and fidgeting long enough to move closer to John. He invaded his personal space with practised ease and casually cupped his arse with both hands and squeezed
“What’s the plan then?” John had to ask. There was no way this was just a merry little pub crawl, not when your drinking partner was Sherlock.
He held my eyes for too long a moment, and weighed his next words carefully. “Did you indeed? And how pray, were you privy to a private family message I ask you? You were with him when he received it– do you deny it?”
He could definitely do without some posh twat taking the piss when he didn’t know how he was going to get home tonight and had to be up at eight for registration and induction regardless of whether he felt like shit.
“Ah yes” Irene shifted into gossip telling mode, eyes alight with excitement “We have a new student joining us…a transfer”
“It was a fair old fuckin blaze Shez…took three fire crews to get it under control in the end, must’ve bin going for a good twenty minutes before they got here, don’t know who called it in, neighbour probably, but it was a right ole fuckin circus, ‘alf the bleedin street were out…scared it would spread along the roof cavities, common in these old ‘ouses”
And Sherlock looked terrified, like he was scared of him, like he was going to pass out or something, and if he didn’t then John probably would.
to hurt yourself, you idiot?”  Sherlock was spinning with his head thrown back, arms stretched wide. John fished his free hand down his front jeans pocket and pulled out his phone, turning on the torch function. He swept it across the floor in a careful arc. “This…Sherlock…this is…amazing.”
“What I think”, he said, noting the glint of mischief in her face, “Is that you think I couldn’t pull anyone in here anyway, and that I’m a sad and lonely old man or something”.
Fingers withdrew and firm gentle hands tugged on his hips, raising him to his knees, shoulders still pressed down into the bed. Greg’s large glorious cock dripping with lube pressed insistently at his loosened hole pushing forward into smooth tight heat, filling the emptiness, stretching him so wide he could hardly breathe.
Jesus Christ, John’s stomach clenched as his fingers made contact with something smooth and hard, the flared base of a silicone butt plug sitting flush inside Sherlock’s arse.
“You will be performing Sherlock, I am not entirely certain that those engaged to perform would be granted a plus one” .
It had taken surprisingly little persuasion to get the guys to agree to a change of scenery tonight, leaving the campus and surrounding area for the first time since the weekend. They were keen to check out the ‘posh arty totty’ who were rumoured to be ‘well up for a shag’. They had also been surprisingly unmoved by John’s life-changing revelation. Bobby had been particularly candid.
And try as I might, the fact that he wished to conceal his concern and not to show himself to me was enough to make my own gut lurch with unease. The gooseflesh that rose on my forearms, I felt, came from more than just the morning chill and the fact that I was undressed.
‘But he didn’t hurt you now did he dear? Not to speak of anyway’ she said, filling a cup with wine to ‘calm my nerves’ and bidding Tom to take me abed now the beast had departed taking with him her fifty promised guineas.
“Can I?.....Do you want to?” he gestured nervously to the covers on the bed, pulling them to the side slightly with one hand. They wordlessly scrambled beneath them, shyly shedding trousers, socks and pants which were unceremoniously shoved off the side onto the floor.
He groaned as Sherlock continued with teasingly soft kisses and licks along his neck and jaw, arse sitting frustratingly still on top of him.
John kept his face carefully blank, determined not to show his relief that this ordeal was finally over.
“Well you bloody well better make it up to me later, the rim-job was spectacular but I still need to ride your cock…and we’ll both be sharing a bed here later anyhow” he gave John’s arse a parting squeeze and reached behind him to turn up the spray on the shower.
Physical exertion was to be avoided for the immediate days following, and so he had spent an excruciating five days in bed every night at home alone, texting John back and forward well into the early hours until one or both of them had fallen asleep. That was invariably John. He would get out of bed then, and spend the remainder of the midnight hours chain-smoking and researching retrograde amnesia.
John bowed in thanks to Oxley and replied “Then a give you my thanks once more, for your assistance and your generous hospitality, this is all that I ever could have wished for.”
“Don’t push me you twat…and then what…you took a nice little stroll by the Thames in the middle of the fucking night?”
“We’re just a couple having a quiet snog on the way home” John whispered into his ear, “Just move along mate, nothing to see here”.
Sherlock sucked in a breath as John eased his fingers around the elastic band and drew it slowly down. He wasn’t going to hurry this, there would only ever be one first time after all. His thumbs brushed against a nest of downy black pubic hair, surprisingly soft to the touch, and even better than that, John could feel the heat from Sherlock’s cock radiating up.
“Okay mum, we’ll just be down at the park” John called, as he took the long red lead down from the hook by the back door. He bent down, fumbling to clip it to the matching red collar of an extremely enthusiastic Golden Labrador.
“Exactly as I thought” Sherlock continued. “You would sit facing the window, because you like the natural sunlight and you would pretend to get all pissed off about the mess in the kitchen, but you wouldn’t be that annoyed, it would just be an excuse to have angry make-up sex all over the flat”.
They stood at a roadside, or more apt, a well-worn dirt track as the sun beat down hot and unrelenting, casting a shimmering haze off into the distance obscuring his view of the road ahead. This place was familiar though, it was the main road leading out of the camp. His shoulder twinged in remembrance, of lying, nose flat to the dusty ground as a hail of bullets flew past his head, so close he could feel the heat of them on the side of his face.
. He slipped it on my finger, the third from the left. The fit was perfection. It was truly beautiful.
A few people stepped forward to slap him on the back. John laughed clearly delighted to be runner-up (well obviously, he didn’t have to snog that wailing harpy now)
“Let us not dwell on that which we cannot change Sherlock, for this a happy night. I will see you soon enough, god willing.”
Angela-Andrea-Sandra gave a sigh, and swept back her mane of red hair. “Look, here, ring this number,” she said, scrawling on the back of an old cinema ticket with a dusty blue biro she had miraculously liberated from the floor beside John's bed. “They do a fantastic back, neck and shoulder. Almost as good as a sports massage. Just ask for a hard one," she added, without the slightest trace of irony. "Fifty per-cent off for students.”
His words struck at the heart of me, for they spoke of a truth which I had sought to conceal, for I knew he had lain with many women too, and that would be the easier path for him in the end. Social acceptance and propriety, which only a wife and family could give, not a life of rumour and suspicion such as he must endure if he remained close to me.
