“You sure about that?” Sam called over his shoulder.
The agent held his stare for a long silent stretch of time.
something. Something other than surviving Steve supposed. He’d snapped something churlish and harsh when Steve finally had enough and demanded he stay put. The fight that followed was loud and heated, like it always was between them, only this time it was different too. Harsher. More teeth. Distance between them that left Steve feeling cold and urgent in a way there was no recourse for but to keep shouting and pushing himself into Tony’s space.
Stevie said it wasn't magic, but that was Stefen, always thumbing his nose at the old ways; but as Bucky swallowed the bitter drink - the tomatoes seasoned with pepper until the heat slapped you in the face - he thought there were few things in the world as magical as the Rogers women. The drink burned all the way down.
“Tony?” he heard Ian’s voice coming muffled through the wood and his brow furrowed, worried that some new crisis was underway. He hadn’t meant to give the children so much free time, but when he’d finally given up being able to reach Freddie at the Castle, he’d come back here to collect himself before facing the world again.
“Péter, you’re coming with me now. The rest of you will stay. Ian you’re on lookout. If there was a search party anywhere close sound will have carried.”
Natacha stared at him long and hard, until Frau Carboni reached over and patted her with a wrinkled hand.
He swallowed thickly and motioned towards the water once more.
No. That wasn’t quite right either. He didn’t just want to be Stefen’s lover. Tony’d had plenty of lovers over the years (four or five, which for a monk practically made him Casanova). He did not want to be someone whom Stefen bed and then set aside, or kept at arm-length from his troubles or his children. He wanted to share in every joy imaginable, yes, but more prevalent to their current situation Tony wanted to share in every burden just as staunchly.
“How much further?” Tony asked, on edge. The leather creaked beneath Bucky’s fingers. He didn't answer.
“Don’t
“I know you care Tony. But Father loved James more than anything and he’s too broken to love us now that James is gone.” Natacha countered, only the tightening of her hand on his arm giving away how the words affected her.
Translations
“They are having a lesson with Herr Stark.” Virginia confirmed slowly and before Steve could dwell too much on his confusion Justin opened his mouth and launched into a long winded tirade.
“We don’t know-”
He didn't know. There was so much to do, royal visits aside. People to meet with, pieces to set in place in order to strengthen their network. A month maybe? Two? If Thorson agreed to help them weaponize like he hoped it could be more...
E grazie: (Italian) And thank you.
“Major?”
“But if you follow it all the way up to the top of the mountain, it will take you to where they have built the Kehlsteinhaus.” Frau Zemo was saying, to the awed gasps of the younger children. Natacha’s eyes traveled upward till they reached the tree line, but all she saw through the snow-covered branches was white sky and falling snow.
Even if Steve thought the other boy was a bad influence, he knew how much their friendship meant to Péter. He trusted Péter to know his own mind.  But more importantly he realized, even if Péter hadn’t yet, that the friendship between the two boys had a time limit, and the clock was only ticking downward.
“No Captain, bodily they’re fine.” Tony amended, wishing to maintain the sense of gravity but not wishing to draw out the man’s worry that something terrible had befallen one of the children.
“They are.” Rogers answered simply, as if it cost him nothing to say so. As if it made no difference for the pride of Austria to stand before a man like Weiss and say with such sincere fondness, “I hardly know what I’m going to do without him.”
birthday.
Tony’s words echoed inside of Steve’s head with every step he took away from Maria Santiago’s home. He made an effort to be careful, but if there really had been someone watching the house, it did not bode well for them. The voices in Steve’s head were overwhelming. So loud that he didn’t recognize the sound of a blaring horn until the headlights of the oncoming automobile were blinding his eyes.
Sure, Stark was odd and frustrating at the best of times (utterly infuriating at the worst) but he was also warm, kind, frighteningly intelligent, and so full of life it was a wonder he didn't shoot off sparks.
“I have written to them, urging them to seek custody of the children."
Okay, so it was arguable that the little bouts of banter that he and Stefen seemed to fall so naturally into (now that the captain had managed to loosen the iron pole lodged in his ass) could be called flirting, by some very hopeful individual willing to overlook the very obvious fact that a man like Captain Rogers did not flirt. Obviously.
“Yes. The children spoke often of your many abilities. You teach, you sing, and now I hear you played a big part in nursing the Major through yet another horrible round of illness.” Countess Schrader ticked off, and if Tony didn’t know any better he’d say it was for the sole purpose of irritating her daughter, who took another sip of her wine and chortled into her cup.
His mouth twitched toward a smile as her eyes widened and in a far more confident voice than before she answered, “Je suis bien… Monsieur Majeur. Et vous, comment vous-allez?”
Steve had thought he’d carefully laid out what he needed from Father Niklas. Someone level headed, obedient, loyal, disciplined, and consistent. In retrospect what he'd needed was a soldier in the form of a monk. Someone who would pass Reich protocol but remain loyal to him.
"I guess you're right then," he replied stiffly. "I must have been thinking of breakfast."
He started when there was a violent thud against the back window, he turned to see that Clint had twisted halfway around, the rest of him still turned toward the road behind them where he was pointing emphatically with the hand not banging rapidly on the glass.
“He wanted better for you.” Tony assured Clint by route, the same assurances he’d heard for more than half his life, and that he knew damn well wouldn’t make any real headway against the feeling of abandonment.
“Ah Chavi, I’d love to dance with yah but-” he halted abruptly as the pounding in his head reached critical levels, unsure if his stomach was going to make an appearance on the table.
"It's to house the new furnace. It takes a lot to heat a camp this size, and winters cold already bites us."  The warden replied. It was a simple enough answer, and readily believable what with the soft snow drifting around them. This was the coldest November they'd experienced in quite a while.
Damn. With him being away, Tony had nearly forgotten how sharp Péter was.
"Are you as old fashioned as he is?" Rita asked just as quickly, with a catlike gleam in her eye. She didn't wait for him to answer as she turned and announced to the group at large that her father said that Major Rogers was a prime example of an old German conflicted by old ideals. "Not everyone has the right stomach for progress. Thankfully the old ways are dying out. Young people like us will bring in the New Order. I bet you’ll be right up there next to the Führer one day, just like
He hadn’t said so, but Ian could tell. Tony used to spend practically every minute with them with some interesting new lesson planned – now he disappeared for long hours, and when he was with them he was only half there.
He’d created things to create better things, but he’d never truly believed he’d ever leave the abbey, or that one of his inventions could be of real use to anyone. That was apparent to him in the way the sight of his tools settled in his gut like a stone, the way they filled his thoughts and called to his hands like siren songs he had no will or desire to ignore.
Tony fretted.
They were gone in a whiff of sweet perfume and musky cologne, just a single part of one of the many people walking off their dinners on their way to the evening’s entertainment.
“Bucky that’s enough!” Stefen’s shout echoed through the kitchen after his, but damn him to hell if he thought he could shout Bucky down like some subordinate. Like he was going to click his heels and say his ‘yes captains, sorry captains’.
Ian didn't blame him for being aggravated. James wasn't stupid and neither of them liked it when he acted like he couldn't understand things.
“And there you have it Major.” The countess cut him off, pinning Stefen with cold eyes. “Even common men are schooled how to dance.”
“What are you doing?” he repeated the question slowly, a dangerous edge to his tone and he took a step closer. Tony fought the urge to take a step back, suddenly aware with every sense of preservation that he had, that he was alone with someone who would not hesitate to kill him for the right reason.  Something told him protecting Stefen and his interests would
But Coulson just sat there, holding the thing, daring them to believe it with his silence and Tony shivered, a feeling of dread prickling over his skin.
"I will have Milthede pack my things. I intend to be gone by evening." Charlotte said as she strode purposefully for the door. She'd only just grasped the handle and pulled it open when Stefen caught her elbow, the grip unbearably gentle despite the tension coiled tightly around them.
Martin Pavlok’s secretary was a strange girl. Pretty in the English fashion, but not at all some demure garden flower. She’d been actively flirting with the handyman who had come to fix the piping problem since Tony had sat down, what seemed now like ages ago. In truth there was a foul odor hanging about the little office, as if someone had upended a toilet.
They were a picture. With their faces so close it was hard not for Tony to map out their similarities, brain putting angles and distances in categories.
Steve stood at attention just inside the door and gave a short general salute. Schmidt’s exactly lips turned up in a parody of a smile, like a dog’s did right before it bit.
“What are you doing skulking about in the dark?” He asked, picking up tempo. “Something spy related?”
Rain drizzled off the roof of the Grand Hotel splattering the rows of black umbrellas with the departing guests shivering under them as they waited for cabs and valets with black beetle cars.
Indeed. And thank God for it.
Natacha stopped in front of him again, an aggravated scowl on her face that made Tony want to ground her to the house for the next decade for the sheer audacity.
“I’ll be back. I’ll come back. I promise.”
Stark didn’t demand respect or loyalty the same way that Stefen did. But people gave it to him just as readily. Likely because his competence was undeniable, his cleverness engaging, and his charismatic nature made all the more pleasant by the genuine warmth of his personality.
October the twenty seventh, somewhere after eight in the evening. He'd taken her hand for a dance.
Tony’s heart only began to calm down when the door to the attic stairs finally came into view. Keeping a level head was the key here. They could get out of this, but only if they all kept their heads.
“Wasn’t expecting you till morning.” Grimm gruffly barked, giving the signal that he was infact the man they were waiting for and things were good to proceed.
“Water it is, Cap.”
Steve knew what he had to do. What he should do versus what he selfishly wanted.
“It belonged to this guy Archie we served with. Used to read to everybody. When he froze to death we all split up his stuff. Stevie didn’t want nothing but that stupid book.”
"Which mean's what exactly?" Steve asked once he heard Bucky clomping up the stairs. He wanted to see if it would work almost as badly as Tony seemed to want to show him. Anybody could get their hands on one of the cheap People's Receivers that were manufactured around the country but a military grade radio with a transmitter was not so easily come by.
Happy New Year! Moving into the two year anniversary of this story we just wanted to take a moment to thank each of you for supporting us. When we started brainstorming we quickly realized this story was going to be a war-time epic, but we had no real idea how long of a journey that was going to be. We appreciate uniquely those of you who continue to take the time to leave your feedback.  As readers we know the many varied reasons why that doesn't always happen, but as writers there is nothing so encouraging or as affirming as hearing a response from your audience. You continue to give us the push we need to see this labor of love through to its conclusion and naturally beg you not to stop. :D
Tony jerked violently out of his fantasies as Pavlok’s office door swished suddenly open, and the skinny solicitor stepped halfway out into the reception room, his disgruntled scowl melting into an expression of startled surprise as Tony stood from his seat.
“I'm surprised it took so long,” Steve grumbled. He looked up just in time to catch Maria’s worried glance and he tried to gentle his expression.
“-Not for me, for the children.” He interrupted because the faster he got permission the quicker the conversation would be over.
They lay in silence, Tony resting his head against the headboard happily basking in Stefen’s warmth and the scent of him, concentrated and dense from days of being bedridden. Tony didn’t mind it. Though it was sharp in places, it was kept from sourness by frequent sponge bathes. In a strange way he treasured it. The heat of his skin as well as what odors clung to it, were all signs of life.
Five days since Christmas, and Bucky’s tail was still dogging his heels. It was starting to make him jumpy – and the thing was, he couldn’t rightly discern if there really was a reason for it, or if it was just his own paranoia. With the Führer’s strategy book fallen into enemy hands there was no reason for the Abwehr not to pull out all the stops to get it back, but they weren’t. They hadn’t touched Bucky.
“After the way your ma pulled her into this world how could I forget.” he chuckled darkly as he took a deep drag on his cigarette before he added like an afterthought, “Maybe she should have died in the womb.”
Tony turned back to Ian, intending to tease him some more when he caught a real look at the expression on the boy’s face.
“Tony give me Maria. We have to- “
“Do you truly hate dancing so much? James is a wonderful dancer.”
Tony watched in horrified wonder as the captain proceeded to demonstrate, blowing on his whistle in sharp (not to mention increasingly irritating) bursts as one by one the children marched forward to present themselves for introduction and marched perfectly back into line.
Hammer gave him a disdainful look and refused to meet his eye, but that was just fine with Tony. The less he had to do with the much too uppity butler the better. A shame that, he’d known some fantastic butlers in his day. Hammer should be fired simply for giving butlers everywhere a bad name.
Tony turned his head and kissed the wrinkled palm of her hand in answer. She smiled quite sadly at him in return, her thumb back to stroking his cheek.
He found himself wishing she’d finished the touch but he quickly pushed the thought away.
Péter looked even more doubtful but his answer had stirred the rest of the children.
A little thing like swimming should be easy and if it wasn’t… well Tony suspected Ian would rather be sliced open than have his father look at him and see a little boy scared in need of help.
"Stark. You know what you gotta do."
a squeak in his voice. “
“I’m Herr Stark, the children’s teacher.” Tony explained, finishing his decent down the stairs. Gesturing to the books in his arms he continued, “I’ve just been fetching some more material for the children’s lessons. Is everything alright? Why have the police come?”
He was barley managing to do it now. The children had gone terribly clingy, prone to break out into tears and distress at the thought of being separated from each other or if Steve was out of their sight for too long.  But Tony couldn’t seem to sit still (damn him).  They’d all be settled in one room where Stefen could watch them and all the entrances, he’d turn for a second and Tony would disappear out of his view and Steve would lose his breath.
“Why not? Are the Nazis in the habit of arresting monks now?”
came first – always – and they’d dropped a bomb on her.
"Be my partner for the three-legged race!" Artur begged, tugging upon Steve’s hand as soon as he reached him. Glancing around Steve noticed that James had already abducted Bucky and was hauling him toward where Cameron’s father Joshua was passing out old neck ties to the eager pairs who were excited to begin the next game and win something from the table of baked goods set aside as prizes.
They had not been extraordinarily heavy, but he still felt that a great weight had been lifted from him and his breath hitched in his chest on another uncontrolled sob. Distantly, he imagined picking up the fallen chains and strangling her with them as he should, as anyone who wanted to live would, but he couldn’t. He just couldn’t.
It was extraordinarily painful in a way he'd never expected to feel, watching these youths realize that the truth: the Germans did not care whether the people they were deporting lived or died.
“He’s sick. I’ve already told you about the things he’d do... the mad things he’d say. He’s never been the same since my mother died. I wanted to believe that with time he’d get better, that it was fever talk.” Natacha said, watching as her interrogator took notes on his notepad, his expression much like hers giving away nothing.
You wouldn’t even need to touch him. He already had seven handy little targets.
Artur beamed up at him even as Steve felt his stomach lurch.
“Yes, Captain?”
It all happened in flash. Bucky knocked his hand away, swinging his other fist with the intent to hit him square in face. Stefen twisted out of the way, stumbling backward and Sara cried out, sliding off the chair in a tumble of blankets. Shouting, Tony saw it happening and lunged over Ian to try and stop him. There was a scrape and clatter as Ian scrambled out of the way and fell out of his chair.
"No." Steve cut in, he would not concede this point "You're my son and I'd die before I let someone hurt you the way I was hurt. If lying kept you safe, then I don't regret it."
, and Steve didn’t want to see anything else.
“Why does my father need a boat like this?”
God, why hadn’t Coulson’s man made a move yet? Tony wondered irritably not for the first time as the night dragged on. He highly doubted Beutlin would be foolish enough – or brave enough for that matter – to hang around telling the children tall tales with the book on his person. Which meant there was still a danger the book would be discovered before it left the house, and Tony didn’t really think plausible deniability would be enough to save Steve in that case. Not now that he’d met Striker in the flesh and seen the way the man looked at Stefen.
“Captain, I wasn’t expecting you to join us.” Tony murmured in greeting when he was close enough to trade whispers their audience wouldn’t hear. Something had to be wrong to get Stefen up on stage with them. Stefen had never even rehearsed with them. Tony would have to think of something quick to make it seem as if they had.
“Herr Stanislov is correct.” Tony said with a regretful sigh that he drugged up from somewhere. It was a pity he’d never taken to the stage. “I was expelled from the university when I was seventeen. I never properly finished my schooling.”
“Relax, will you.” Bucky huffed from where he sat in the passenger’s seat beside Steve as they drove up the narrow mountain road. Worry had gripped Steve hard since he’d been summoned for a meeting with General Striker. Steve had hoped that Dr. Erskine’s testimony regarding the children’s many illnesses would be enough to keep Striker at bay, but he knew the man was under pressure from Schmidt now that they suspected that Stefen had stolen the letter; but he’d not expected them to move so quickly.
"I can't pretend to know what this means to you both...” Tony began slowly, trying to keep the bitterness out. He could do this for Steve. It would be selfish not to. “But I know what
Good men and women, the truly innocent ones like Yinsen, and the Grandparents he’d never really been allowed to know, they would be arrested or killed. Because that was the state of the world.
“Unless of course it’s me you find boring?”
The monk rubbed his forehead, squeezing his eyes shut once more as if he had a headache.
He thought he heard someone calling his name distantly, a woman's voice, imploring and soft over the fierce drumming inside his head and he blearily opened his eyes to find the blurred shape of a face pressed close to his.
Stark raised his glass at him, that curious look intensifying.
“No! Herr Stark, no! I want to walk with you!” The girl pulled away from Tony’s reaching arms in protest. Her tiny hand was still clutched in Tony’s however and she didn’t get very far.
And gone was Tony’s hope that anything he’d said to Captain Rogers that one afternoon on the terrace had registered.
“I suppose this means Péter will be late for super.”
“Worry about your damn job, why don’t you?” Tony pushed the frantic thoughts away, let anger burn away the icy tendrils of fear as he glared at Bucky. Stefen hung between them like a hare on a wire.
His hand came down over hers, squeezing tightly, prepared to wrench her grip loose and it seemed like he took a breath to shout at her – but they both heard the quiet click of a door opening down the hall in the same instant. His eyes flew past her, searching out and locking on the new threat at the exact same time as her fingers released like springs and her hands fell back to her sides limp and lifeless.
“He didn’t trust Obie.” The conclusion when it came to him, seemed shamefully obvious. Knowing it now threw everything else he’d thought he’d known in shadow.
They made it to the river on foot, hoofing about two miles north to the place where the boat was stashed without running into further trouble. If they were lucky, whoever had been sent out after them had come across the two burning wrecks and assumed them all dead. The Avenger had been unloaded on the river bank, mostly hidden by a crop of thick trees, half in the water and the other half strategically beached and roped to a nail driven deeply into the ground to prevent her floating away.
Schmidt’s eyes flashed but he remained motionless, breathing heavily through his nostrils.
“Captain.” Stark replied neatly but his gaze was as razor sharp as a bird of prey.
"I'm Italian darling, everything I do is eccentric. " Tony answered with a dramatic waggle of his eyebrows and Stefen chuckled again, louder, shaking his head as he turned back toward the mirror where he was shaving off the mornings shadow. Tony cocked his head and tried to imagine what it would look like if Stefen were to let it grow, and found himself intrigued by the idea. Though to be certain, it would be a shame to cover the chiseled line of his jaw and those gorgeous cheekbones of his. A crime against mother nature herself.
Many of the old and infirm died due to the rough conditions of transport. Others were shot attempting to escape their fate. The death count is unknowable and Germany unconcerned with counting. The Reich has tasked cleanup crews of impoverished German Jews to clear out empty homes and dispose of bodies.
“Hush now, everyone's asleep.”
~*~*~*~
He should have known better. The children had begun a game of zigging (or at least trying to) around Tony, enjoying the speed of their bikes and the freedom of being out and about. They so rarely got to be uninhibited this way so he let them, largely amused by their showboating. The maneuver was harder for Natacha and James, both carrying small children on their backs, though it didn’t stop them from trying.
- Ministry of Interior, September 1940
“The legal one will be leaving Genoa and headed to Shanghai at the end of the week; but no one thinks it is wise for refugees to wait on legal means. Every day the German’s put more pressure on our government to hand us over to them. They’d never send Italians of course, but all these poor people who come here to get away, they are vulnerable.”
Stefen smiled wistfully, watching as Artur sucked the sticky residue of melted cream off his fingers, and plopped back down into his seat at Tony’s side on the bench.
Steve frowned at the dark memory. She was the reason he was here. Learning what she had done had changed his priorities. Not that he blamed her.  She hadn’t been given many other options.
Tony chanced a look in the captain’s direction. Outwardly he appeared preoccupied watching the window as Artur pointed at something outside, but Tony could tell by the clench of his jaw that he had heard.
“Yes, you do. And for what it’s worth, whatever you think anyone else might want or need from you, I am glad you have decided to be true to yourself.” Tony knew it was time to address the elephant in the room. “But if I could say something about the woman that I met this afternoon? I don’t know who that was or what she was doing, but I need
Bucky's cigarette snapped between his fingers and he dropped it, crushing it under his heel viscously.
It was a great pity that he did not love her the way he had loved Margrit, but Charlotte did not believe that anything worth getting was easily come by. She was not some young girl to be so easily deterred as by a man's reluctance. It was a universal truth after all, that men were far slower at these things. Her mistake had been in giving him space in which to forget her. Out of sight out of mind they said, and for good reason. She would just need to make herself indispensable to him from this moment forward. How difficult could it be? Antony Stark had managed it in mere months.
Stefen kept saying it had to be that way for his own good, but the thing about that was Tony had never really been very good at doing whatever was best for his own good. Nor was he any good at doing what he was told. So really if one thought about it in a certain light, Stefen Rogers had this burglary coming.
It was easier for him to get his papers stamped to be out late by volunteering for more patrols and other activities within his program. His sudden burst of nationalist fervor was viewed positively by his superiors as a wise attempt to make up for his physical deficiencies. Hammer had even pulled him aside at breakfast the other day and commended him for his change in attitude.
Péter looked uncertain for a moment but a moment later her shook his head, a scowl setting on his lips.
“I don’t need to ‘find’ a way to defeat them. I designed them to be defeated.” Tony revealed slowly. “I hid a flaw inside the formulas I gave Stanislav, something I could be sure his engineers wouldn’t find if he had the wisdom to show it to someone and verify my work. Something that would appear to work as designed but that would backfire under the right conditions. I and I alone know what those conditions are.”
Well that was a god damn lie, wasn’t it? Tony had plenty of skill. And it was about time he used it for something other than silly games or children’s lessons. How many more people had to get hurt before he realized that?
“It was your mother’s. I had it taken to the tinker’s shop, so it should work.” Stefen explained from Péter’s right. Stefen was wearing the party well, with his twinkling eyes and wind tousled hair, but his nerves in that moment were betrayed in the tension of his shoulders. Tony had to look down to hide his smile.
His lungs juddered like a rusted pipe on an old car but he dragged air in slowly and pushed it out, following the gentle rhythm of the soft voice in his ear. Deeper now. Too deep to be Ma, too mature to be Bucky. Not an uncle he recognized.
"Should the boy really be -"
So he’d heard Tony thought with a smile as Daniel asked, “Is Willamina going to make her mulled cider?”
“You should have told me before.” She accused, rising from her chair. “I could have made a mistake with Frauline Werner.”
The house smelled like oranges and pinewood, a thick cloying scent that seemed to seep into every crack and crevice of the lodge and made Ian glance longingly toward the wide windows. Outside he could see the mountains of Austria reaching up into the sky, a dusky blue and grey. Both a reminder of home and the bars of a giant cage that locked him and his family within Germany.
Steve couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen Natacha cry. She must have when her mother had died, he knew that logically. But no matter how hard he tried to remember, all that he recalled was her pale face and her skinny arms and legs drowning in a black dress. Her vibrant hair had been tamed into a severe bun because her mother wasn’t there to help her get the curls she liked and Virginia insisted that buns were more practical for a funeral.
Bucky barked a humorless laugh.
“Again, I’m sorry. And as someone who always hopes to keep you from making his mistakes, I hope you will consider making up with your brother. This is all very trying on everybody and he’s not as mature as you are. It’s not always fair having to be the bigger person, but if it means being there when your brother needs you I think it may be worth it.”
He was fine with his status of widower. He didn't have to marry ever again; and truth be told the more Stefen thought on the exhausting exercise of finding another woman who could make him feel the way that Peggy had made him feel, the more he just wanted to be alone.
Stefen blinked before slowly, nodding again, turning his head slightly to rest his cheek against the crown of Tony’s head.
“Maybe if you weren’t so hell bent on proving the same, this wouldn’t have happened!”
Stefen reached one handed, fingers gently brushing the bruised swell of Tony’s cheek. Tony shivered and ran his tongue over the split in his lip, allowing the sting to ground him, heart thudding heavily inside his chest as he came to the precipice of a decision he hadn’t even known he was making until it was suddenly set before him.
Bucky glanced around at the others and waved them over as well. When they’d all gathered around him he gestured for them to sit.
“We’d better get them home, haven’t we Stefen?” Charlotte, on Stefen’s arm, tilted her head to look up at him, some dreamy fondness in her eyes as she stared up at him from under honey colored lashes that could have made her a star on the silver screen.  Tony wanted to roll his eyes. With that sort of expression on her face you’d think she’d birthed all of them herself and that this wasn’t just their second meeting.
rung loudly in Tony’s ears, along with the splunk and crash of bullets tearing through the sides of the boat.
“This can’t go on,” Fil murmured under his breath once the younger monk was gone. “Germany is tightening its grip on Austria every day. He takes far too many risks.”
Everyone, even Pepper, stared at him.
“Tony?” Steve called down anxiously into the dark space. There was a second of delay that felt like a year before Tony stepped out of the dark and peered up at him, voice trembling with relief.
The children ate silently with their heads ducked down. They could have been machines, or perhaps very life like dolls shoveling their food into their mouths and avoiding looking at each other.
"Most?"  She asked and Charlotte nodded, the anger resurfacing. She'd waited all morning for her father to return from his meeting with General Schmidt and the Mayor, but when he'd returned and gone straight for his office without so much as a word to Charlotte or Mother, she'd gone looking for him, finding him pouring an overfull glass of the brandy he liked at his desk.
Go on boy. Leave your family and everything you love behind you, for your own good.
Bitterly he wondered if today his pulo would manage to scrub away the evidence of his Roma blood and his irritable heart. Surely there wasn't enough lye soap in the world.
“Vati quit moving!”
Almost better than he knew anything else.
"Why are you smiling like that? It's too early for smiles." Bucky grumbled as he plopped into the open seat between Natacha and James. One look at him had Steve chuckling despite himself. He didn't look to have slept well, and a portion of hair near the back was still spiking upward where his brush had missed.
?) shoving it far down to be examined later.
Artur, it seemed had the same reservations as Péter, but the contrast between them couldn’t have been more painful, because Artur was all trust and innocence. He was still so eager to place his faith in his father where it hadn’t been earned.
The people, eager to see their dreams of a return to the ‘homeland’ become a reality were no longer content to keep their heads down or their hands idle. Riots had broken out before then and people had died, but that was Hughard, always so convinced of his own invincibility. Always so forgetful of the workers who filled his factories.
"Are you going somewhere?” she asked, eyes flicking to the coat slung over his arm. "I have a letter I need dropped off at the post office if you're willing."
She knew what war was. She’d seen what it had done to her father, even though he liked to pretend that she was still his little girl, too innocent to understand what it meant when he shook and screamed and forgot where he was.
“I'm fine.” He couldn't make out if Virginia, because this was all clearly by her hand, wanted them to stay the night out of concern or something else. Either way the three of them had made up their minds it seemed. Just when you thought you were the master of your own house.
He could recite it from heart, knew the story better than his drills and his ditties. His fingers trailed over the damaged pages and he sighed again, his heart sitting heavy in his chest. He couldn't help it, the stupid tears just leaked out of him no matter what he did. He didn’t want to be around the others he decided.
Just one truck with two individuals was better odds than it could have been, but not great. They’d gotten here before Tony could and there was a chance the other children were trapped inside. He’d left Péter on lookout. Had he seen the truck coming with enough time to get the others and flee to the woods? Tony’s eyes moved up to the loft. The window shutters were still tightly closed. If Péter and the others had escaped into the woods it hadn’t been from the loft, and with the chance that they might still be inside Tony couldn’t just sit and do nothing.
Captain,” the man’s lips turned up in a stale smile. Steve bristled, “It only occurred to me that, there was a reason for brother Filip’s pence. I learned that forgiveness is a luxury, sometimes hard earned. Brother Filip would always give it to me if I worked for it.”
“Oh and you brought the children! You really should have told me you were coming I would have closed up.” Addressing Natacha and Péter directly she smiled warmly at them and said, “I haven’t seen either of you since you were just babies. You probably don’t remember me. I’m Susann Richter.”
Steve tucked the box inside his jacket and turned away, striding from the alley and not looking behind him to see if Bucky followed. Bucky cursed under his breath.
Stefen grit his teeth. Taking all of them to the opera was going to cost a small fortune. He’d already spent too much on housing them all and Natacha had this hungry look in her eye that didn’t bode well as she eyed the clothing racks.
The whistle was still held out between them.
“Yes, quiet is what we all need I think. And nice big cups of hot chocolate.”
For a moment his head was so clouded with rage it ached sharply, a threatening pulse pounding at his temple. He should have known that Tony would go poking about in the attic even if he was forbidden. Damn him!
“Mio dio, God has truly forsaken me. The way you look right now.” Tony cursed under his breath and Steve huffed a laugh. Tony wanted to ruin him. He was surely going to hell.
"You're quiet James." Tony called out to the boy, who didn't look up from his sketch. "I thought you'd be the most excited of all. All these people to show off to."
Springing into action, Tony cataloged the damage to the hull while he directed the others. Natacha, he set about searching the many storage units above and below deck for shoring tools (rope, twine, patches, planks, shotplugs, whale fat, whatever the captain would have kept for emergencies) while the others scrambled to find stopgap measures. Cushions, pots and pans. Anything they could press up against a hole and slow the water coming in.
"Work faster!"  Clint returned, ducking as more bullets pinged against the truck.
“Don't go back to the cottage tonight. Stay with the children. I don't want... I don't know about Herr Stark.”
"You only know what that is because of Tony." Péter teased and Steve laughed, caught off guard but relieved. He could tell that Péter was relenting.
"But they said you were going away." She flicked her eyes toward the policeman again, who was watching them with a strange expression. But Tony wasn't acting as if he was worried about being understood.
He pushed at the lid, scrapping blunt nails against the old wood.
Tony wasn’t going to let it rest. When did Tony Stark ever? Steve could feel the smile forming on his face. “- but Péter deserves everything they can offer him, and more importantly he deserves to be safe.”
“Don’t touch me,” he snarled irrationally, leaning back so far that he almost tipped over again. And if he weren’t so paralyzed with the fear of it, he would have kicked himself for scaring off her touch. He had to let her get closer, and yet the very thought of it was enough to make his whole body break out in sweat. He could feel the phantom pain of a hidden knife, of whips, boots, and sharp slaps to the face, the blunt pressure of a hit to the back of his head.
“Don’t. Stop!” Steve whipped around, panting heavily, straining to find the owner of that voice. A burly figure stood in front of him, one mitted hand flung out as if to stop him, the other clenching a small knife. From head to toe they were clad in men’s outerwear, but the stricken white face bundled under that headscarf was decidedly female.
"It's not as exciting as playing hero, but somebody from the family had to make an appearance at the rally. Charlotte agreed."
Tony bristled, not because he had any particular issue being described as common, but because of the way this brittle old hag – who apparently hadn’t gotten the message that the era where being a part of the aristocracy made you better than everyone else was
The unknown boy shook her shoulders, face in a rictus. Steve grabbed his arm. Shouting for him to stop, the boy froze at the command eyes widening at the sight of him before he snapped his teeth, snarling like a vicious dog and took a swing at Steve.
Prastlo- (romany) dishonored/unclean status. *The Rom do not follow any specific religion however they place a high emphasis on what is “clean” and “not clean”.
Herschel opened his mouth, trying to catch the spray of droplets on his tongue, head tilted back like a baby bird. Steve ducked his head and let the spray pound over him. Herschel continued to stand; face turned up. Steve grabbed at him, fingers slipping on the thin rubbery skin of Herschel's arm.
"People have gotten hurt, Darling. I don't know if the mood is right for a concert." Charlotte tried to let them down gently, but Tony got a very thoughtful expression and adamantly disagreed.
His office smelled heavily of burnt paper these days. Hughard’s office had smelled like that, near the end, like secrets burned in the dark.
“You’ve heard it Artur, years ago.” Ian pointed out and Artur gave him the driest most scathing look; Tony had to lay a hand over his mouth to keep from laughing out loud.
"You shouldn't be here. Go home Stefen."
But father had given him Calico Bush. Mama had read it to him every night even when he’d been sick, and when Mama had gotten sick he’d read it to her. She’d liked when he read to her. It had helped Da sleep. It helped Ian sleep when he missed them. It was all he had left of either of them and James had just thrown it like it was garbage!
Steve looked for Tony in the crowd and found him already partnered with the two youngest girls, the three of them looking like a wobbly four-legged beast.
"Is something the matter Péter?" He finally asked.
“Natacha Rogers. I’m twelve.” And just to prove she was an obstinate little thing she looked directly at him and drolly told him that the most important fact about herself was that she was a girl. Only a simpleton could look at a young woman like Natacha and see only a girl, but then again Tony was a man of extreme intelligence who had run across more than his fair share of dullards and he was sure she’d grown used to them.
Teeth gritted, a barely repressed snarl twisting his mouth, he knelt to the ground, balancing his weight on his heels as he crouched to pick up a small shard of glass from the surrounding particles. He held it in his hand, and thought deeply, plans running through his mind like quicksilver.
Steve licked his lips and pressed forward, unwilling to feel the guilt or the shame he knew he should feel thinking about that shadow and the jeopardy he might have put the brothers at the abbey in. There wasn't room for it. Nothing else mattered besides getting an answer.
“Péter?” Bucky demanded. He looked very confused. It made her want to laugh. She almost did, but she caught it in time.
“Why didn’t he follow?” he asked voice small. He burrowed his head against Tony’s neck.
“Why would you be scared of us? If you are a good German girl then of course you have nothing to fear” the man said, and Maria shrank back into her chair. “You are good German children, aren’t you?”
Steve didn’t sleep. Despite a full day cramped indoors no one felt like sleeping, even though they all knew they should in order to be at their best when the moment for action came. Bucky had hunkered up beside him, shoulders leaning heavily against his, the sound of his familiar breathing lolling Steve closer to sleep.
“Speak for yourself Striker. We need to come down harder on these rebel roaches and their allies. We can’t afford another attack like the one on Dachau!”
“What do you mean? Is Ret in trouble?” She began but she fell silent when Steve shook his head in warning. Mouth settling in a firm line she bent to scribble the last of her notes with a decisive scribble.
Good. Everything was good. For once.
Ian stirred, his eyes still focused on the door.
It was a few more days before he was able to move more than at a crawl from the water trough to refill his cup and back to his nest. Another day after that for the goat Patroche to stop glaring at him like an intruder. Steve, tired and wary of the animal’s intense scrutiny, tore off a portion of his bread and tossed it toward the creature.
He was hand in hand with mama, walking through the groves. The branches so thick overhead and so full of blossoms that he could only see patches of the blue sky. White petals drifting all around them and catching in his hair.
No. Tony bit his lip to keep from snapping. There was no
“Shut up, Kroger. I’ve heard you in there.” Steve nodded over his shoulder, effecting a playfulness he didn’t feel for the benefit of those watching. “I’m surprised you haven’t ripped your cock off by now.”
But his mind was sinking again, into the black ocean, under waves of exhaustion. Steve clung to Tony as best he could but the hand reaching up from the depths was stronger.
for these parts, for fictionalized depictions of historical violence, anti-antisemitism, injury to minors, and just ALL THE TRIGGERS guys. Please read with caution and at your own pace.
“The police have come.” She said, keeping her voice low so it wouldn’t carry to the children playing on the grounds below. Tony’s hands clenched the edges of his book but he kept silent, slowly nodding in acknowledgment.  “They are looking for a pair of gypsy children. Someone reported seeing a pair that matched their description on our grounds!”
“Never mind that now, Hammer. I’m home now and glad for it. Where are the children?” Steve asked once more. He narrowed his eyes shrewdly at the sudden darkening of Hammer’s expression and the quick glance that Harold and Virginia shared. It was quick enough that a less careful man would have missed it but Steve did not, nor had he missed that this was his third time asking with no answer forthcoming.
“Can the Hogan’s visit us in Pola, Tony?” Maria asked, standing. The slushy snow squished beneath her wrapped shoes. “I don’t think they’ve ever been to the sea either.”
~*~*~*~
Heil the Führer.
“And why was that? Tony’s his heir, smart enough to continue the work. So why shut him out?”
Tony turned to toss the limp rag back into the basin, and Steve struggled to sit up. It hurt like the very devil but he grit his teeth through it.
Tony’s words from early blasted through his swirling thoughts. Your son. Trying to prove he’s like you.
They were meant to take him away Steve realized. To flee the scene before his rescuers could get to him. Dvorak must have turned on them. They hadn’t been expecting it. Steve wouldn’t have believed it if the evidence wasn’t standing in front of him.
“You’re as arrogant as your old man.” Obi sneered. He gestured to the room around them, sneer sliding into a smug smirk as he said, “Hughard didn’t think he was touchable either. He died choking on his own blood, begging those men not to touch his wife, for someone,
August had continued its merry way, the cold wind from the mountains occasionally sweeping through in the onset of fall. The captain continued to devote his time to official matters and matters more secretive, but also to their continued delight continued to make time for small outings and moments of leisure with the Children.
“Is she pretty?”
"So understand, you want me as a minder for your children?"
James found his tongue, glaring up at Tony with tears beginning to slide down his cheeks as he sputtered, “Y-you…you can’t do this to me!”
“No, no canceling the excursion,” Tony smoothly interjected, handing Maria carefully off to Bakhuizen, standing in the boat, and watching until she was safely settled. She clutched onto the edge in a white knuckled grip, casting big round fearful eyes up at Tony still standing on the dock and he smiled encouragingly at her. She relaxed some when Tony handed Artur down and he plopped into the seat next to her.
“Captain? What's happening, I heard screaming-”
Steve looked down at his soup trying to judge how much more of it he would have to swallow to appease his overbearing head of house before he could call the meal to end. He stirred it, watching the cream smother the tiny bites of cucumber and slowly loaded his spoon trying to ignore the way his stomach rolled in protest as he swallowed.
Once again Steve found himself rushing through the streets, his heart bounding fiercely in his chest as fear flowed through his veins like ice.
"Father can we go and get the tree now?" Steve barely had a moment to let his bottom rest in the chair before Artur asked, leaning over his plate and dragging his coat through his half-eaten food.
Stefen swallowed, his hand clenching Tony’s and it was deathly silent within the room.
His thoughts spiraled as the minutes ticked on, never landing on anything, skipping from ache to ache as the dreams played on like visions in his head. All of it was too heavy… too impossibly possible. It hurt. But he still wanted each and every one.
“We are not dancing for pleasure,” Steve reminded her, hand’s tightening in warning as he glared down at her.
“I’m sorry.” She said, as if that was good enough. As if that would save her brother from a bullet if he got caught sneaking around the border in an active conflict zone.
“I just assumed that a monk would like the countryside. Simple people and all that, with a dedication to the faith. But I suppose you’re right. A man who runs to war might not be your typical monk.” She finished, something slightly bitter in her voice. She slipped her pale fingers around the neck of her glass.
“You’re a heathen, do you know that? And all of you just let him get away with it. Shame on you, and on the birth of the Christ child.” Stark prattled to the children’s delight and Bucky hunched protectively over his coffee as if Stark was going to snatch it right out from under him. Ian scooted over making a space for him as he greeted Stark.
“You are our teacher. We are your students. Students don’t question their teacher’s Herr Stark.”
The dream that had chased him out of bed so damn early still lingered in the back of his mind, casting a dark shadow on his mood. His sister Rachol, laughing in his face as she pushed him over and pulled him back up again in a circle of sisterly torment. She’d leaned over him, her pin straight black hair whirling like a nest of feathers around his head, like the bird of death, her mouth smiling wide.
Try as he might Steve could not stop himself from picturing his son’s face. Not the way it had been when they parted – gaunt and shadowed with grief – but full and bright with warmth and curiosity, his blond hair flopping out of Virginia’s careful combing, and his fingers sticky from one of Willamina's treats. It was a kind of self-inflicted torture to picture him that way, Steve well knew that. That boy was as dead and gone as his mother was, and yet his memory haunted. Artur’s ninth birthday had passed in March uncelebrated, Maria’s seventh in January before that, only remarked upon with hushed whispers from Tony and the children.
Natacha said nothing. Frauline Werner’s gaze narrowed on her and Natacha stilled.
And then finally it was time. He heard the rumble first, and then the distant sound of the whistles blow warning the men working on the track of the trains approach. The Forman started barking orders and the men scrambled to distance themselves from the side closest to the completed track. The smartest had already started lining up at the truck for water, but Tony had carefully rationed his last haul so that it wasn't more than a minute or two before every last drop had been drained from his barrels.
nothing.
When they’d finally ended the lesson so that the children could have time to wash up and make themselves presentable for supper, Stark had appeared on the terrace with a tray of refreshments. While the children had rushed to slack their thirst and generally add the iced water to the sweat soaking their jumpers, Stark had poured a glass for Stefen and drawn him into a conversation about…. Mechanical wash tubs? Or maybe it was soap machines. It sounded like gibberish to Bucky but Stefen had seemed amused by it.
“German?” Tony inquired and Grig shook his head. “An Italian, no military or government distinctions. First, he asked for Antony Stark but Carlo became suspicious when he started asking if we have records for an Antony Carboni. He sent the fellow packing on privacy grounds and alerted me, but he may come back.”
Tony’s heart fell into his stomach. His pulse raced as he released a shuddered breath and laughed. He leaned down, gripping Stefen’s hands with both of his now, and pressed his lips against the clammy skin on the backside of Stefen’s wrist to hide how quickly he was crumbling.
She bore them no ill will,
“Oh hush. Too much to drink is all.” Willamina quickly hushed her, nodding empathetically in Sara’s direction. “Just have a seat with your sister Péter and I’ll fix you up some of my cider. No spirits this time.”
“A what?” but before Tony could explain what a sloth was, Stefen had moved behind Ian and gently scooped him up from under the arms. The boy stiffened unsure of what was happening and Tony watched nervously, unsure either.
“And here I am,” Tony bristled.
Once Tony and Harold had managed to get the children and their trunks unloaded and a bell hop had come to assist them with their luggage they’d been met by a Herr Shultz in the lobby, who had seemed amused by the children’s gasps of awe at all the gleaming marble and the grand staircase spilling out into the center of the floor like the very stairway to heaven, rails a brilliant shining gold.
“I’m certain this conversation is a delight, but for those of us that don't speak Polish it's far from it.” Stark interjected, his voice echoing harshly in Bucky’s head. “It’s Christmas morning. Either calm down or take whatever this is outside.”
Right. Tony had only met General Schmidt the once but the man had left him with a cold feeling. He did not need to imagine what would happen if the twins were discovered here and Steve had his own children to think about.
"Children, there's something else I'd like to discuss with you," he announced as spoons had begun to clink at the bottoms of most of their bowls. He noted with a frown that Tony's was still mostly full, and Natacha had hardly touched hers. Resolving to address it later, as the table looked up at him expectantly Steve caught Charlotte's eye, and though he was unsurprised to find that she looked braced for bad news he felt a familiar stab of guilt for all that he'd put her through.
One after the other Steve lifted the children up into Tony's waiting arms. Ian was the last, refusing to go until he’d watched his older sister clamber through the opening.
“Done.” Tony exclaimed, hands shaking slightly in excitement as he jumped up. He followed the other four out the door, remembering the suitcase at the last moment and dashing back inside for it.
Tony was suddenly struck by the notion that Natacha was at the age where little girls began to think like young women, and now that it was certain Clint was not some thief attempting to rob them in broad daylight, he must appear to her a curious new entity (around her own age) and possibly not bad looking. Tony wouldn’t know. He wasn’t a twelve-year-old girl but he thought that maybe Clinton had a certain roguish appeal to him. It was a wholly discomforting realization, because much as he enjoyed Clinton he was a scamp and Tony wouldn’t trust him to look after a paper bag let alone a young lady.
He pulled her tighter to him, forcing himself to take a slow breath and not to come off threatening. It was no small thing what he was asking her to do. A monumental amount of risk. There would be no one to save her if she were caught.
Complete silence fell over the room in the wake of his words. Bakhizen’s mouth had actually fallen open. Not that Tony had noticed, gaze intent as it was upon watching the shock and anger take over Stefen’s face in turns.
The pulled up outside the Kaiserhof and were met by a busboy who helped them unload Tony’s luggage onto a trolley and wheel it through the busy lobby, and onto the impressive new electric powered elevator. Tony barely paid any attention to it or what direction they took to their suite.
Bucky’d said that to him when Steve had told him he wanted to build Peggy a house. It was something the uncles would have said. He hadn’t been wrong.
He had a hunch they’d really meant it for Bucky, who was rushing toward black out drunk with a dopey grin smeared across his face. Turning in was the last thing Steve wanted to do but Bucky had been vocal enough about Steve's irregular sleeping habits in the past that he was hesitant to prove him right now.
Steve banged his fists upon the table and the mugs rattled, sloshing their contents. Tony jumped a little.
This is the KNIGHT at the INN. You asked previously for a detailed report on the current health of Germany. I have acquired assistance, who will henceforth be known as PAGE. It is our solemn duty now to tell you what goes on now in the body known as Germany.
“When do they play?” Tony asked again and Captain Rogers blinked at him mulling it over like he’d never heard the words before.
“Maria. What a pretty name. Are you waiting for your mother, Maria?”
He wasn't inferior. He hadn't been sure at all he could really fix the small radio on his own without Tony there but it had worked! Péter had fixed it and all the other boys had been admiring him. Johann had just been jealous, because even without taking the stupid exam Péter had beat him at something.
still clinging to his fingertips; and easy, like drifting into a dream, he was in the parlor at their villa, the leathery palms of Jacob Yinsen’s hands cupping his as they guided to the correct keys, his mother humming quietly as she worked, the words occasionally bursting past her lips in her beautiful soprano. Tony sang them now from memory, eyes drifting slowly shut as he tried to cling to the memory of her voice, the smell of her perfume, the vibrations in her chest when she sang lullabies in the dark.
“Wake up Rogers!” a voice demanded before pain bloomed again in his cheek, bright and burning, before the hand that had struck him pulled back.
“Why?” Péter asked, voice cracking. “Why do they hate us?”
“What business is it of yours! I have good reason for keeping them home and you – ”
"Herr Stark!" Jann greeted Tony with a bright smile, leaning in to pepper his cheeks with kisses in the non-German fashion that reminded Tony warmly for a moment of his mother. "How wonderful to see you again. But you look surprised to see us."
"Here!" Bucky immediately whirled on him. "How in God's name are you going to explain them coming here? The staff will-"
“You boom right back.” At the seven (minus two lumps under the covers) pairs of eyes that met him with disbelief he nodded, getting up on his knees. “It’s easy. We can be way louder than a little thunder. Happier about it too, watch.”
Sara had started to cry, big fat tears that made her little body wobble. Father frowned and gave it up as a bad job and scooped her up, shushing her quietly.
Tony was startled into a laugh. Artur, for all his twig like limbs could eat for three. Sure enough,
“You weren’t slacking, you were helping.” Ian insisted firmly. “I’m sorry James theatrics pulled you away from your work.”
“It’s my job to take care of you, Natacha. Not the other way around.” He teased, grateful beyond anything that he sounded normal again and that she dropped her head to rest on his shoulder like she was a little girl again.
Consequently they weren’t there when his guard fell and those little nuggets fell out of the jumbled bag of puzzle pieces that made up his past.
Steve certainly never had.
“You don’t have to be a martyr Susann, to feel you’ve done the right thing.” He shot back. “There is no shame in protecting your family. You have a responsibility to them too.”
. Tony shivered.
Jarvis.
“Be careful out there. I’m not there to pull you out of trouble if you don’t watch your back.” Steve warned, mindful of Agent Coulson's warning of the phone lines being monitored. They wanted Striker’s men to focus their energy on watching Bucky and the other decoys, but it didn’t sit well letting Bucky stride into danger even if he’d volunteered for it.
Another couple of hours had passed that way without event. The tension that had been winding him up most of the morning had relaxed by the time the singing had died off and most of the children had dozed off. It had been quiet again for about thirty minutes or so when Baroness Schrader, who had been staring pensively out her window quietly remarked, "Do you think they'll finish the federal road this year?"
Perhaps that's what Germany saw in him. Captain Rogers: a fixed star, a rallying point, a shepherd boy for the lost sheep.
He was only vaguely aware of a small body wriggling across his to join them in the bed.
"I won't say it again, and you can wipe that smug smile off your face while you're at it." Tony retorted playfully, withdrawing his hand with an indignant sniff.
“You wanted to speak?” Stefen prompted as soon as Milthede had shut the door behind her with a smart thud.
"You're not helping!" Stefen growled at him in aggravation. When he turned to look back at Tony, his struggle to speak calmly and clearly was in every line of his face.
So where...where were they? Why were they not here? What had happened to them!
“That is very kind of you Péter.”
“Natacha!” He admonished, glaring at the girl who had appeared from nowhere to loom over the desk like a phantom in a magazine. “A little warning. I nearly lost a finger.”
“Everything alright Captain?” she asked quietly, her voice nearly drowned out by Harold’s snore.
“Fabels Metals, and then a little shopping. I promised to bring gifts back for the little monsters. Then I think I would like to come back and see if I can’t get their father naked again. If he’s agreeable.”
“Someone had to think of their best interest. I don’t expect you to thank me.”
“Berlin. Salzburg, what does it matter? It changes nothing.” Tony said and Steve jerked. How could he say that?
They were mostly correspondence between Stefen and the professor Xavier, about the disappearance of a mutual friend and German research into superior genetics. Some sort of rescue attempt was underway, but the letters were scarce on details. They were being careful.
Bucky winced gearing up to say something when Péter fixed his little brother with a sneer and said, “Yes well, he only said that to make us leave him alone. That’s all he really wants.”
When he asked this, James nodded and murmured that he liked boats.
Tony tucked the letter back into the pocket of his trousers (that’s three times now he’d read it, one would think it was some great literature) grimaced at the heat, and then decided once more that it was time to take action and end all their misery.
“No one will believe it.” Tony scoffed.
Steve struggled to sit. Managing a weak slump once she had situated him.
“You are not Eva Braun. There isn’t a woman alive as sorry as that silly creature but at least she has the sense not to tie herself to a sinking ship. People are questioning his loyalty! I won’t stand for this Charlotte. You’ve endangered the entire family with your selfishness.”
for Christ’s sake.
Ian hurried to fetch the sauerkraut, tucking his chin close to his chest to hide a triumphant grin.
“The last time we were on a train I was ten. We were with our Baka.” Péter said unexpectedly and Tony blinked at him, wondering at the sadness that had crept into the boy’s voice. Péter was looking at Ian though, who had lifted his head up just enough to give away the close attention he was paying to the conversation.
anger either.
"I hired extra help. I know you are against it, but it is simply unfair to expect the staff to manage a party this size -"
They sloshed through the kitchen, searching the back hallway for an exit, warry of going upstairs to the front of the building where the gunshot had come from. They found a little mudroom in the back with a single door. It took a moment for Steve to pry Sara off of him (
It just might work, Tony thought. It had to. He’d make sure it did.
Steve huffed out a laugh that made his head swim, dizzy with relief, feeling lighter than he had in months. He didn’t have to go this alone. He’d have done it, had been prepared to do it, but having Bucky at his side made even the impossible feel possible.
“It’s just the sky making noise Sara,” Ian explained though he looked uncertain and Artur was attempting to weasel under his legs to join Maria.
Bakhuizen played his violin as the children drifted off to sleep, the sweet lilting notes a pleasant companion after the somber turn the evening had taken. Tony had gotten up after he’d begun to play, needing to breathe. He’d walked into the trees a ways until he was close enough to see the glint of moonlight on the lake.
His cheek and lip were bleeding, and even through the ripped collar of his shirt Bucky could see the blossoming brussies on his chest. A dim part in the back of his mind wondered who’d beat Stevie up this time and where Bucky could find them. Nothing had changed, and that was the worst part because of course everything had.
Tony’s hips bucked beneath his again and his cock pressed against Steve’s. When Tony wriggled his hand between their bodies and took them both in hand, he saw spots and his chest constricted so tightly he couldn’t breathe.
James dropped his armful of wood, either not seeing or ignoring altogether his father's vague look of disapproval, and trotted over to Ian.
"I don't see how. They don't look a thing like us." James had insisted, glancing around disdainfully at the other children with their gaunt faces and dark hair. Not for the first time since the train had started moving through the countryside he shivered, hugging his arms tightly to his body. He was pressed up so close between Artur and Ian that he shouldn't have been cold, but James still felt like he was standing outside on the platform with the wind biting through his sweater. A tear rolled down his cheek which he sniffed away with a dark glower.
play?” Tony asked, but the captain didn’t seem to believe in moving or holding up conversation (ever) so Tony charged on. “I used to play.
Perhaps just mercy Tony decided, his chest tightening with pity he knew better than to let Stefen see.
“Alright, alright hold still now or we won’t be able to tie ya.  Oi, I’ve not seen you wiggle this much since your christening.”
“It’s a risk Tony.”
"No! Leave him alone!" Artur shoved and darted around Ian, who had opened the door just enough to peek out at the commotion in the hall. The little boy bolted in between his father and what was clearly the braver of the two officers, who had one hand on his firearm and the other holding a pair of metal restraints.
He was cut off by Frau Boehringer who flipped a hand out impatiently and said, “She’ll be fine, Captain. We know what we’ve gotten ourselves into.”
“Toda raba. Toda! Thank you for your kindness.”
Tony huffed a quiet laugh.
When you first saw the film, did you like it?
“Italian is a beautiful language, much better than French, better than German even. Italian is like spoken water-”
He could not allow Péter to go to public school and had never intended to allow it. Especially not now that Schmidt was closing in and Steve was scrambling to come up with some new way to keep Péter out of the General's hands; but of course Tony had not liked to hear his protests, going on about how smart the boy was (as if Steve did not know).
But there were only burlap wrappings for their hands and their fingers weren’t the only bits and pieces of their bodies left vulnerable to the winter elements. And always, just as pressing as the fear of frostbite, was the fear that sound echoed. While the sound of a falling tree wasn't unusual in a mountain wood there was always the chance of it drawing unwanted attention.
He introduced him as such as they made their rounds and perhaps it shouldn’t have surprised Charlotte as much as it did, but Stark seemed well versed in social niceties. That was something of a relief, and the evening might still have been salvaged if he’d used any of that considerable charm of his on any one of the numerous ladies vying for his attention.
Steve sat, swiveling his spoon in his drink but couldn't bring himself to lift it to his mouth. Instead he thought about how he was going to explain to Bucky about the letter and how he was going to get Bucky on board with helping him stop the German army, which would mean in turn betraying their own country.
"Nothing is wrong Miss. I simply wanted to be available in case you or Master Clint required service during the night. Would you have preferred my brother? He is in Master Thor's room."
“Really?! I get to stay with Captain America?!” Tony shouts, bouncing up and down in his seat in excitement.
I gotta be honest. I did not expect this chapter to come so quickly. But I shared my ideas for it with my husband, and after some conversation, I got so absorbed with what we talked about that I managed to get this chapter done WELL ahead of when I thought I was going to. And it's even twice as long as the other chapters. It's nice to be writing again.
"I don't know, brother. But we had to get out of there," Tony answers readjusting the bag on his back, "What we did was wrong, remember?"
"That good, huh?" Bruce asks his friend.
After their breakfast turned lunch, Thor takes Tony out into the backyard for some fresh air, letting the boy ride around on his shoulders and pretend he’s flying. Steve allows himself a moment to sit in the peace and quiet of the living room. His respite is interrupted when Pepper drops by with several boxes.
“Good,” Steve responds before dropping the subject and returning to the explanation of the plan, “Banner. Thor. Once we land, you two stay with the jet. It won’t do us any good to get Stark and then end up grounded. Hawkeye. Widow. You’re with me. You know the carrier better than any of the rest of us. If things do go south…” He takes a deep breath. He knows they can’t go in without a contingency plan, but he’ll never stop hating the need to have one. “Tasha. Stark is the priority. Find him and get him to the jet. If the rest of us aren’t there, leave us and take him to the mansion. We’ll meet up with you later. Anyone have any questions?”
“You’re using me!” There is anger in Tony’s voice now, which startles him. Logically, it makes sense, and Tony knows it. But the fact that it’s
Clint’s argument is valid, and they all know it. So they don’t try and fight it. If Clint says everything’s fine, then it is. Steve nods once and goes to get his uniform, while Thor and Natasha head for the jet. Before they leave, Steve goes back to the kitchen and picks Tony up, pulling him into an enormous hug.
“Natasha! Clint! Come here for a moment!” Steve calls loudly at the closed door.
"What? You think 'she' fits better?" he asks with a dismissive wave of his hand, turning back to his schematics, "The shield's practically another member of the team with it's physics defying abilities. Might as well give it a name too. What about AmeriShield? Or Captain Saucer? Oooh. Disc of Death. I like that one."
“I’m afraid I can’t do that, Tony. You need to be taken to medical. If you’ll just go with these agents here, they’ll take you to get checked out.”
“Shhh! We do not say the ‘M’ word, Tony. It’s a very bad word! Tasha sleeps in here because we’re partners. And sometimes partners sleep in the same room. Okay?”
Tony flings his arms around the archer’s neck and cries quietly for a moment. Clint lets him, petting his hair and whispering soothing words to try and calm him. After a moment, Tony pulls away and lets Clint take his hand and lead him inside.
"I agree with these assessments. But first we must speak with them," Thor reminds the group.
Steve blushes and ducks his head a little, embarrassed. The Tony grabs the sides of his face and kisses him again, much more passionately this time, and Steve grips his waist, pulling Tony tight against him. They quickly shed each other's clothes and lay on the bed, breaking their kiss so they can just look at each other for a while. Steve runs his hands along Tony's arms and chest, drinking in the sight of Tony arching into each touch, and loving the small little mewls of pleasure that escape his lips. Tony's eyes rove the length of Steve's gloriously naked body, gulping audibly when he sees Steve's cock, which is just as huge was it was the first time he'd seen it, and it's not even fully hard yet. Steve follows his gaze and lays a hand on Tony's shoulder.
"Really? You think the straight-arrow, all-American boy from the forties is going to just take my confession in stride and be okay with it? Not a snowballs chance."
“Yes, ma’am,” comes the even quieter response, though he doesn’t meet her eyes.
“What’s the plan?” she asks, her voice angrier than Steve can ever remember hearing it.
"No! No," Tony says vehemently, "That's... not what I want. But I think we might need to... wait to... until I can prepare myself a little better. Besides, I don't think we have any lube anyway."
Steve takes the sketchbook and pencils and sets them on the floor next to him. A single tear runs down his face and he looks up at Natasha. He wipes it away quickly, but she still sees it.
"Oh my God! You too?! I am not the Mata Hari of gay sex! I already had this conversation once with Steve. Go talk to him. Communication is the foundation of a healthy relationship. I am not going to be you guys' sex therapist. Go! Shoo!" Clint waves at him to go away, and Tony blushes even further as he stands and Clint goes back to his book. Just as he reaches the door, Clint speaks again, "There's nothing to be afraid of, Tony. If you're careful, and safe, he won't break you. You'll be fine."
"Where would they go? Why did they run away?" Clint asks, burying his head in his hands.
"I don't know, Clint. But we can't give up on them."
Tony waves and disappears just as quickly as he'd appeared, leaving a thoroughly confused and disoriented Captain standing in the middle of the kitchen.
“That’s true, and it does sound very cool, but it’s very late, Tony, and your body needs sleep. We can ask Clint to show you the apple trick in the morning, alright?” When Tony nods, Steve goes over to stand by Clint, “Now, Tony, you need to apologize to Clint. He was asleep when you ran in, and he could have accidentally hurt you when you jumped on him like that. You scared him. Can you tell him you’re sorry?”
Steve is silent for an incredibly long period of time. He blinks rapidly, trying to decide if he’s actual awake or not. He’d spent so long wishing that Tony could or
"Considering that they're terrified of being disobedient, they shouldn't be too much trouble. Just don't be gone longer than you have to."
“Be safe,” Tony says quietly when Steve finally sets him down.
"That was..." he says, unable to find the words to describe how wonderful the experience had been.
"Steve, do you... do you remember anything from before you were with those trainers?"
Once he’s certain his face has returned to a normal color, and his heart has slowed back down, he joins the rest of the team in the living room. They go over a strategy for how to handle their child teammate, (most of which involves Steve taking care of Tony while the others deal with any problems that arise,) and what to do if they get called to assemble. Steve knows they still have to do their job, but with Tony in his current state, and Bruce busy figuring out how to fix it, the team is down two members. Plus whoever ends up staying to watch over Tony. Clint suggests calling Phil to watch the boy, but the idea is quickly rejected as Coulson lives in San Francisco, and it wouldn’t be fair to call the agent away from his work on the off chance they’d need him to play babysitter for a few hours. Natasha proposes simply leaving Tony and locking down the mansion since Bruce is still there, but Steve worries it will make Tony think he’s being abandoned. And the team immediately vetoes Steve’s plan to let the other three handle whatever fight they get called to while he stays with Tony, and he relents because they’re right. The team can’t very well go into a battle without their leader.
information actually."
"Steve. Tony. Come here please," Natasha says, taking a seat on the couch and waving them over.
"We won't. And if something happens, just call me and I'll head back immediately," Natasha promises him.
“Who will be staying with our young friend?” Thor inquires of the team.
“No. Go away. ’S too early,” comes Clint’s muffled and groggy reply.
Fury looks down at the two sleeping Avengers resting on a couch in the corner. They are wrapped tightly in standard issue SHIELD blankets, their tiny fuzzy heads sticking out of the huge blankets that are engulfing them. When the rest of the Avengers had found them, both Tony and Steve had been shrunk, at least that's what they thought at first. But upon closer inspection they learned that their teammates had been regressed. To approximately the age of four.
Tony takes deep breaths as Steve pushes inside of him. It hurts, but not as much as he thought it would, as Steve had done an extremely thorough job of preparing him. There is still a moment, when Steve is finally full seated inside of him that Tony does feel a little like he's being torn in half, but the feeling is fleeting, replaced instantly by want, and even more pressing need. Once he's certain Tony has adjusted, Steve pulls out a bit then pushes back inside, the tiny moan it causes making his dick grow even harder, which he hadn't thought was possible.
“I have to finish these calculations, Tony.” Bruce responds easily, sliding his chair to the side and looking around Tony. “Besides, integrating alien tech into new weaponry is way more your department than it is mine.”
"No. I'm going," Natasha says firmly, her voice broking no argument, "You haven't slept since we brought them home and are in no state to be flying the jet."
Clint nods and pulls back on the stick, lifting the quinjet effortlessly into the air. It is ominously quiet while Hawkeye heads them in the right direction before turning the controls over to JARVIS and swiveling the pilot’s chair to face the rest of the group.
“He suffered what appears to be some minor abrasions and possibly some bruising, but he’s resisting being taken to medical. Which is most likely due to the side effects. The detonation has turned Stark into a child, no more than four years old at the most, and he thinks we’ve kidnapped him. He knows who he is at least, but doesn’t have any of his adult memories. We managed to corner him in an interrogation room for now, but until we can convince him of who we are…”
Shocked by the honest admission, and the heartfelt emotion in Thor's words, Steve and Tony are speechless for a moment. Then Steve raises his head and looks at them.
Steve makes them toast and scrambled eggs for breakfast, stopping Tony when he’s finished and goes to wake Clint.
“Wha th fu…? Tony?” Clint manages to get out, pressing a hand to his chest and trying to catch his breath when he sees the little boy on top of him.
Steve’s chest rumbles as he laughs at the memory, and Tony feels warmth starting to pool in his groin at both the sound, and the sensation of Steve beneath him. Situated as they are, Steve can’t help but notice. He clears his throat suddenly, trying not to shift and make Tony’s problem worse.
"The sexy kind," he answers, voice muffled.
It’s nearly lunch time by the time Steve finishes making the pancakes and sets them on the table. Thor joins them for the meal, and tells a delighted Tony about all the strange and fascinating beasts he’s fought on Asgard. Tony had insisted on hearing about Thor’s home once he’d discovered that Thor was an alien, and had completely stumped the demigod when he’d asked why Thor wasn’t green.
"By the time we figure out a way to neutralize it, it should have already worked its way out of their systems, but until it does, it might be harder to convince them their training is wrong. Once the effects wear off, they should start having independent thoughts again, and understanding what happened. Though that might be a whole new problem in and of itself."
Tony spends the better part of the day locked in his office and resolutely ignoring his entire team. None of them have mentioned his childhood adventure the few times he's seen them, and he did make sure to swing by Bruce's lab and thank him for his help in turning him back, promising the other genius that he would call Stephen and do the same. Instead of tinkering with new suit designs or working on the pile of projects sitting on his desk, Tony searches the internet for advice on dealing with a partner that is of significant size. Unfortunately, most of what he finds is either for straight couples, or contains images that are far too graphic for his innocent mind. And the images scare him. A lot. Now worried about stretching out so much his anus will never close again, Tony takes a deep breath and goes to talk to the one person in the mansion that has actual real world experience with the act. He finds the archer in the library reading a book. As soon as he enters, he takes a seat in the chair next to Clint and folds his hands in his lap, trying to think of the best way to start the conversation.
“Sure, kid. I’ll shoot as many apples as you’d like, okay?” Clint smiles at the boy, showing him that he’s not mad.
"And both of you," Clint interrupts before the conversation can go any farther, "Both of you need to respect that while I'm more than happy to offer advice, I am
"But we did something bad. We offended Master Clint!" Tony protests, his eyes darting between the three of them.
Because they work with a covert shadowy government organization that frequently doesn’t tell them everything, Tony had programmed JARVIS to record any incoming or outgoing calls to SHIELD, encrypted or not. The AI starts the play back immediately. When he hears the small voice calling out for help again, Steve grips his seat so tightly it dents. When the recording is finished playing, Clint turns back to the controls without a word, and pushes the jet to the limits of its acceleration abilities. Bruce takes deep, measured breaths, his skin tinged faintly green, while Thor glares angrily at his hammer, blue streaks dancing around its edges. Natasha pulls out her guns and checks them, flipping off the safeties and making sure they all have a round chambered.
"Hey there. What are you two doing?"
Startled, Steve hugs Tony back and rubs his back in a comforting gesture. He opens his mouth to tell Tony he’ll always come to get him, when the brunette head suddenly shoots up and nearly clocks Steve in the jaw.
"Not at the moment. Why? This better not be about my shield again," warns Steve with a suspicious look.
The sensation brings him to full wakefulness and he looks down his body to find, not Natasha as he was expecting, but Steve and Tony, holding his hard cock. Steve smiles and leans back down to lick him again, but is stopped suddenly when Clint pushes them off of him and vaults over the back of the couch slamming into the wall in his haste to get away.
be going on a tirade, trying to save what little dignity I have left, I won’t. Cause I value our friendship too. And… if it works out… I’d like to maybe explore the possibility of there being something more.”
"Did you finish the work up on Steve's shield? Any improvements that can be made?" Banner asks with a small shake of his head.
"Is he back to normal? Or is he still a kid?" Clint asks, almost hoping Tony is still a child so they can have more fun.
"Tony," Natasha starts, going around the boy to kneel in front of him with Thor, "I know those trainers punished you for everything, but they were bad men. Steve has a sickness. He can't control it and he needs to be treated, not punished. You can come and interrupt us any time. Even if you just want to say hello. You
Fury sighs heavily, trying to rein in his temper. It won’t do him any good to yell at the kid, who has already managed to escape his teams twice before they'd managed to corner him into one of the interrogation rooms. The boy is clad only in a large AC/DC tee shirt, and Fury can see a few bruises and abrasions on his arms and legs from the explosion. He needs medical attention, but he seems convinced he’s been kidnapped, so short of bodily forcing him into the medical wing… Fury’s not sure what to do. Dealing with children is not in his job description.
"I'll call Strange and Richards," Fury assures her, and she can tell he's upset despite his best attempts to hide it, "You and the rest of the team focus on caring for those boys. Xavier's people can handle the rest for now. You need anything, you call. Have JARVIS send lists of things you need. I'll have them delivered. Keep me updated if anything changes."
"I'm not going to give up on them," he counters hotly, "I just can't... if we'd gotten to them sooner, hadn't split up the team, waited for SHIELD back up. I just keep running all the what ifs in my head and hoping this is some sort of demented nightmare."
"Are you sure you're ready?" Steve asks one more time, "I'm okay with waiting until you're ready if you need a little more time."
"I really do. Pretty sure a couple of people are rolling in their graves right now at the idea, but I don't really care."
"We'll keep you apprised of how things are going down here, and if we get any new information from them," Natasha promises.
"Two? What breathing problems?" Fury demands.
"I understand that, but if I tear you, even just a little bit, I'd never forgive myself," Steve remarks, sadness in his eyes, "We've only been... doing this for a few months. I think we should wait until you're a lot more used to it at least. What do you think?" he turns to the man they've come to see.
Clint nods, laying his head back and taking slow measured breaths. Steve stands to go and talk to Tony, but stops when they hear a rough scraping noise coming from the hall. After a moment, Tony emerges again, dragging Clint’s bow case beside him. Clint jumps up from the couch and vaults over the coffee table, gently taking the case from Tony before he can hurt himself.
“What happened? Is he hurt?” Bruce asks worriedly, standing.
Steve nods, accepting the answer and grabs the bottle of lube, popping the cap, drizzling a bit on his fingers, and setting it by the pillow. He gently pushes Tony's knees apart and sits between them. He lifts one of Tony's legs and pulls it on to his shoulder, effectively granting him access to Tony's hole. He gently rubs lube around the small pucker, spreading it around and occasionally dipping the tip of his finger in before pulling it immediately back out. When Tony softly cries out for more, Steve obliges, pouring a bit more lube on his fingers before pushing one inside of Tony at an almost excruciatingly slow pace.
“You came! I just said that to scare those bad guys, but you actually came!! My dad found you, and you actually came!” Tony throws his arms around Steve’s neck and hugs him tightly.
Steve looks at each of them in turn, but before he can make a decision, Clint sighs heavily and lays his bow on the table and begins unbuckling his quiver.
"We could still... get each other off...." suggests Tony, hope in his eyes.
“Pretty close. Milliseconds probably. He pulled out his knife and dropped it like a hot cake right after you left. Scared him half to death.”
"Of course we want you. We will always want you. You're a part of this family. Why would you think that?"
on a list of things she ever wants to do.
"You feeling alright there, Cap?" Clint asks him suddenly as he looses his next arrow, "You look like an over ripe tomato. Something you want to talk about?"
"That video we saw..." Tony nods, "They kill people, hurt people. That's what they do. And they'll do the same to us. Especially now that we've made them angry."
“Hi!” Tony responds enthusiastically, “Do you really help Captain America save the world? What are your super powers? Can you fly? I’ve always wanted to fly. How many bad guys have you stopped? Was it hard?”
"Him? The shield has a gender now?" Bruce side-eyes Tony with a teasing smile.
He starts to shake his head then stops, but doesn't nod either. His blue gray eyes are pleading as he looks up at her.
"Mister Barton. Miss Romanoff. You must wake up," JARVIS's voice comes through the speaker in their room sometime around four in the morning, waking them both from a sound sleep.
“Wait a minute,” Steve stops Tony’s long winded explanation, “You faked being asleep just so you could cuddle with me for a few more hours? And all those times you insisted on going on a mission with me, you complained the entire time about how boring it was, and you didn’t need to be there!”
"Good idea. I shouldn't be on the carrier too long. Clint, can you handle watching them for a few hours?" Natasha asks her partner.
"You're not going to be punished. We don't punish people in this house. You didn't do anything wrong. You can both sit where ever you like. JARVIS is the computer that runs this house, and has a huge collection of movies to watch, all you need to do is ask him to turn one on for you. We're having some toys sent over for you to play with," she tucks a hand under each chin and lifts until they are looking her in the eyes, "You aren't our slaves. Do you understand? You're a part of our family now. And we will never let those monsters hurt you ever again."
Clint stands flattened against the wall breathing hard, his brain struggling to catch up with the situation and failing. He zips himself back up, now completely flaccid, and pulls out his phone speed dialing Natasha's number. She picks up on the second ring.
"How do two guys have sex?" Steve repeats, refusing to meet Hawk's eyes.
"We're terribly sorry Master Thor. We knew we should have waited for you to come and administer the punishment, but we didn't think it right to disturb you, and our trainers made sure we knew how to punish each other if we disobeyed when there wasn't a Master around. We didn't know where you kept the punishing equipment, so I used one of the spoons from the kitchen."
"I... had Natasha take me to the right store earlier. I wasn't really sure where to go to get what we needed. She was... enthusiastic... which was terrifying. But she showed me the things Clint was talking about and told me a bit more about how to use them. Plus a whole bunch more I never wanted to know, and those are images I can never unsee. But these should work to start with, right?" Steve questions, raising his eyebrows and wondering if Natasha had been pulling a prank on him when she'd shown him the appropriate items.
I hope you enjoy it. ^_^
“Afraid I don’t have time for jokes Captain. The artifact Stark was researching detonated in the lab, and it had some… surprising side effects.” Fury informs, a bit harsher than he intended.
"What conversation?" Clint responds, standing and going back to the table to pick up his bow.
As always, leave a kudo and drop me a comment to let me know what you thought!
Steve doesn't interrupt or demand he hurry. He knows how hard it can be to open up about a problem, and for Tony it seems to be doubly so. So he stands near the bar waiting for Tony to finish gathering his thoughts. It doesn't take him much longer.
“We need clothes for Tony. He can’t go around in giant tee-shirts forever. Could you run to the store and get a few things?”
They sit there in the living room for over an hour, holding the boys and reassuring them countless times that they are loved and cared for. That no one will ever hurt them again. That they are part of a family. When it starts to grow dark outside, Thor makes them all dinner. They watch and make sure Steve and Tony clean their plates, then take them to their room. Tony takes the top bunk with Steve in the bottom, and once they are tucked under the covers, they fall asleep almost instantly.
"I shall research current theories and provide the necessary items and literature to all your inboxes by tomorrow morning. Do you think they would prefer separate beds or a bunk bed?"
I warned in the beginning, but I'm warning you again. This story is dark and deals with the severe abuse of children. There is assault in this chapter. You have been warned.
"What you did wasn't right, but those men who took you made you think it was. It isn't your fault," she adds, taking one of each of their hands in her own, "You are not slaves, and if you are grateful for something, you say thank you. There will be no more servicing, or attempted servicing of anyone in this house, or of anyone ever. It's inappropriate and wrong. But you will
"It's a possibility. I'll have JARVIS run some silent tests on them to see if I can verify it. How are they doing otherwise?"
Tony’s eyes widen at the prospect of getting to see a cool arrow trick,
Giving Tony a bath very quickly rockets to the top of Steve’s list of the hardest things he’s ever done. And he once took on an entire Hydra base by himself with nothing more than his shield. He has to refill the tub because the water is apparently ‘boiling,’ ends up chasing the naked boy out into the living room
At first, he thinks the room is empty. He’s about to storm back out of the room and start punching down doors, when he hears a soft scuffle from under the table. Slowly, he kneels on the ground and looks underneath. A small boy with big brown eyes stares back at him in fear, knees pulled up to his chest to make himself look as small as possible. There are several visible bruises and a few cuts on his arms and legs, and Steve has to rein in his anger at seeing his teammate, his friend, hurt. Even if he is currently a child.
Natasha stays in the room the entire time they're being examined, as the boys seem more nervous around the men than around her. Clint tries to stay and be supportive, but finds himself unable to watch the cataloguing of their injuries and goes down to the range to shoot until he's exhausted.
"Thank you, JARVIS. Have Thor bring Mjolnir just incase. How's Clint?"
"If you two don't stop bugging me, I'm going to start practicing on you," Clint informs them calmly, but with steel in his voice.
"Sshhh. The important thing is that you're safe now," she says, petting his hair and continuing to whisper small comforting nothings to him.
“How can you abandon me like this? Sending me alone into that den of wolves? You’re a traitor. I feel so betrayed right now.” Tony retorts without rancor, heading for the door.
"How are we to handle this?" Thor asks, "They are expecting a punishment. How are we to make sure this sort of thing never happens again while also keeping from frightening them?"
“Tony,” Clint asks cautiously, “How long were you with those trainers?”
"See? You don't have to treat me like I'm going to break all the time," Tony comments, feeling like he's won the argument.
"I think I hate you both," Clint says, exasperated with both of them, "But you're both right. Tony, you need to respect Steve's reservations, and Steve, you need to respect that Tony knows his own body, and that he'll tell you if there's a problem."
“Imagine that,” smirks Steve, “They called in a weapons expert to help them make weapons.”
“I’m sure he did,” Steve responds with out skipping a beat as Tony takes his hand, “But Tony is four, and I’m fairly certain you started it.”
Steve wants to ask, but he also doesn't want to pry. If Clint actually wanted to talk about his past, he would. The silence once again fills the room, but it's more comfortable now, with Steve watching Clint take his shots, noticing for the first time that Clint doesn't take more than a second at most to line up his shot. Almost as though he's doing his aiming before he even pulls the next arrow out of his quiver. Steve know he's stalling, watching Clint practice, but the very idea of the conversation he came down to have with the archer makes his face turn a bright red.
"We didn't let them. They took you away from us, and we fought to get you back the entire time they had you. We never gave up, and we're not giving up now. You two give us hope, make us feel like we belong somewhere. You are the light in this dark world that reminds us why we do what we do. We love you so much, no words can describe it. When we learned what those men did to you... it broke our hearts. We failed you. We didn't get to you fast enough and those men... they did horrible, terrible things to you. And that's all our fault. We are so, so sorry. Can you ever forgive us?"
"Three fingers is still plenty of preparation!" insists Tony, glaring slightly at Steve, "It's not like I'm saying not to prepare at all. I just... like the burn... that's all."
Steve isn’t sure he’ll ever get use to little Tony’s excited, fast paced pattern of speech, but his excitement is infectious and Steve smiles.
come to take him, Clint, Natasha, and Thor have joined him in the kitchen already in their gear.
"Tony. Steve. I've told you before. You aren't slaves. I'm not your Mistress, and the others aren't your Masters. We're your family. And you don't have to play with the toys if you don't want to, but they're yours to play with if you do. Would you rather watch another movie? Maybe go outside and play in the yard? It's a nice day out."
They walk over to her silently and stand in front of her, heads bowed. Clint takes a seat next to her and Thor does the same.
"Right away ma'am. However, I feel I should warn you, Dr. Banner's heart rate is quite elevated. Should I prepare counter measures incase of an incident?"
Clint finishes with the last nail and sets down the hammer. He leans his forehead against the frame and takes a deep breath.
"He's himself again," Steve informs Clint in a brusk voice, "And he remembers everything that happened while he was young, so he might be a little distant for a few days. Try not to tease him too much."
"No thank you," he says quietly.
"I don't know. This is so far outside the realm of anything I've ever dealt with," Natasha answers staring at the ground, "Maybe it's time to call in a professional."
He stares at the child for several long moments before speaking.
“Did you actually sleep, Tony?” Steve looks at the clock next to his bed, flopping back down heavily when he sees it’s barely five in the morning.
Natasha stands and gives them both a kiss on the top of the head, then ushers them into the kitchen to have them help her make some dinner. It's a simple meal consisting of a prepackaged frozen stir-fry and some boil in bag rice, but it suffices, and the boys are more than happy to help clean up when they're finished eating.
Bruce chuckles under his breath and lays a hand on Tony’s shoulder, taking the seat on the other side of his friend.
"Steve, honey, why are you sleeping here? Did you have a nightmare? You know you can wake me up if something is wrong," she says, placing a hand on his shoulder and mentally cursing herself for not noticing that he'd slipped into the room at some point.
"I think the alien regression technology didn't work perfectly," Natasha tells Bruce when she calls him from Tony's office later that day.
“So does that make Steve and me partners? Cause I sleep with him!” Tony says loudly, and resumes jumping on the bed.
“Destination?” Clint asks once he’s finished his checks.
“I’m coming up there.” Steve proclaims matter of factly.
"I think, the main reason we came to see you today," Steve starts flushing furiously, "Is because Tony wants to try doing it with a little less preparation. And even though things have been going well, I'm still worried about hurting him."
“Steeeeeeeeeeve! You came back!” Tony shouts, dropping his controller and practically launching himself at the Captain, “Guess what we did? We watched a movie, and then we fixed Clint’s bow cause it was kind of broken, and then I put the other one back together caused I got them mixed up and took the wrong one apart. But Clint wasn’t mad, and he said I could live with you guy forever and ever! Then we played this fun racing game where you throw turtles at people, and we’re tied for first place! Come play with us! Come play!!” Tony insists, pulling on Steve’s hand.
"I can't. The rest I could deal with, but this... not this. Anything but this."
I know. It's been over a year since I updated this story. And I'm afraid this chapter is woefully short. But I have finally felt like writing again, after so much writer's block and life getting in the way. So, I know it's short, but I hope you still like it. I just wanted to let you all know that I haven't abandoned this story. I still fully intend on finishing it. And there is still darkness yet to come.
"Is Phil... big... you know... down there...? Tony asks, turning a deep shade of red as he voices his question.
"Did he then?" Steve chuckles, "That's good. I'm certain I would die from the embarrassment if I had to talk to him about this again. They knew, by the way, about us liking each other. Apparently we were the only ones who
hurt me, but it’s kind of thrilling to feel powerless underneath you,” Tony can feel his face turning a million different shades of red as he speaks, hoping his admission won’t ruin the mood, or Steve’s desire to have sex with him. Which he fervently hopes is going to happen. Soon.
.” Steve says, his voice low with anger and laced with unspoken threats.
"They don't call him super for nothing."
“Does he know who
“If he shoots all of them, there won’t be any left for pie,” Steve reminds the boy.
"Can we go home now?"
“Pancakes sound great. I’m gonna go shower first though. Why don’t you go with Clint and start getting everything ready, alright?” Steve proposes, laughing when Tony immediately goes and grabs Clint’s hand, pulling the archer into the kitchen.
"I'm afraid so," Steve retorts, and the conversation quickly devolves into a make-out session, with Tony grinding his rapidly hardening erection into Steve's own. After several minutes, Steve puts his hands on Tony's shoulders and the brunette pulls back. "We need to talk, Tony. I need to tell you what Clint's advice was, so we're on the same page. I don't want to go any further if you're still nervous. I won't push you into this."
the bow he’d been using on the apples earlier. They look deceptively similar, but one is for practice, while the other is for combat. Clint drops into one of the kitchen chairs, folding his arms on top of the table and letting his head drop onto them.
Recognizing the holstered weapon at the man's side, Tony holds his brother's hand tighter.
“Not exactly the metaphor I would use…” Steve chuckles, unperturbed by Tony’s glare.
"You do
Thor stands and goes behind them, pulling all four of them into a hug. They sit there for several minutes just holding each other tightly, then Tony lifts his head from Clint's neck.
"Do they still believe they are our slaves?" Thor asks in a quiet voice.
"Good idea. And if there's an emergency, Mjolnir can just rip through the vault anyway," Tasha reassures Thor with a smile, "JARVIS..."
The man stares at them for a long time, choosing his words carefully.
at sneaky. The only people who
“I haven’t even asked you a question yet!” Tony counters, frustrated, sitting on the arm of the chair Steve’s sitting in.
Steve nods and runs a hand down the side of Tony's face gently.
"We just found out they were raped and trained to be sex slaves and you want to bring in a stranger?!" Clint practically shouts at her.
"They're for you to play with. You can use them any time you want," Natasha informs them, trying to hand a sketchbook and set of colored pencils to Steve.
“Okay. Good night, Steve. I love you.”
“Are you our new trainers?” Tony asks in a small voice, barely audible.
"He... it's complicated. I think he's afraid of my... of my size," Steve says in a low, almost inaudible voice.
Steve allows himself a few moments to brood about his team making bets on his love life, before straightening and moving on to the next item on his 'talk to Clint about this' agenda. And the second topic is even harder to broach than the first. But with how easily Clint had accepted the news of Steve and Tony finally being together, (which he was honestly more concerned about the 'being teammates' part of the equation than the 'being with another man' part, as Clint himself is dating not only Natasha, but Phil Coulson as well, which is the reason Steve has decided to go to the archer for advice,) he figures he might as well go for broke, and takes another deep breath to steel himself.
"Hey there boys. What are two such young kids like you doing out so late at night? Where are your parents?"
"I don't think we have to do anything special. We just need to remember that when we're working, the job comes first and we can't prioritize each other just because we're together." Steve smiles and goes over to Tony, pulling him in for a hug and a quick kiss. "I want to make it work. I don't just like you Tony."
“Just like the Commandos,” responds Steve, trying to keep the sadness out of his voice at the memory of his friends, “Would you like to meet them?”
“Tony, I’m not
When Tony walks back into the lab several hours later, Bruce takes one look at him and chuckles to himself.
"Right. So, you retrieved them. Were they in this condition when you found them?"
Natasha raises an eyebrow, impressed at the AI's efficiency and calm reactions to what's happened to his creator, but she supposes that's one of the benefits of having an emotionless artificial intelligence as a sidekick.
The question tears at their hearts and Clint pulls Steve a little closer. Natasha lays a hand on the side of Tony's face.
"Absolutely," Clint smiles at him.
"Steve, you don't need to sleep on the floor. You have a nice soft bed that's just for you. I'm sure you were probably trained to sleep at the foot of the bed, but remember that your training is wrong."
"We're not going with you!" Tony shouts suddenly, startling the team, "You're killers and bad guys, just like the men that took us!"
“All of them, except for the ones we need for pie!” Tony amends.
Steve tries to repress the blush that is threatening to color his cheeks at Tony’s closeness. It feels nicer than he dares to admit, and he can’t afford to lose his cool.
Tony climbs up on the table and crawls across it, jumping into Clint's arms and sobbing into his neck.
“No, sweetheart. We’re your family. We saved you from the bad guys and brought you home. Do you know who we are?”
(See the end of the chapter for
There's a moment of silence which has seemed to follow every question or revelation from the two boys, but the adults are getting better at recovering from the shock of their tiny friend's words.
The room is silent for a brief moment. Clint and Thor turn their faces away from the accusation, and Natasha closes her eyes for a moment, sparing a moment to wonder how they got their hands on footage from the battle of New York, before opening her green eyes and meeting Tony's dark ones.
"I'll take them up," Clint offers.
"I'm fine, Sir," Clint assures the director, wrapping a strip of his torn shirt around the four inch slice from the center of his palm to past his wrist, "It's superficial, and it's not my nock hand. It'll be fine. Hurrying might be nice though."
Steve moves his hand and reaches for Tony's cock instead. As soon as he wraps his hand around him, Tony moans in pleasure and falls back to the bed, eyelids fluttering. With slow, gentle movements, Steve runs his hand up and down Tony's length, drinking in the sight of Tony coming unhinged beside him. As aroused as he is, and with the skillful way Steve moves his hand, it doesn't take Tony very long to finish, and within less than a minute he's arching his back even further than before, calling out Steve's name in a nearly breathless scream.
“No. That would have been terrifying,” Tony shudders a bit, and Steve pulls him closer, “I mean, when I woke up as normal sized me and remembered it. You should have told me no. Mini-me expected you to say no. But you didn’t. You let me share your room, and run around in clothes with your shield printed on them. You cared about me. And you didn’t have to. You could have left me with SHIELD. They would have called in Banner, who would have called in Strange, who I now probably owe a favor to, goody, and I would have been put back to normal. But you didn’t. And that… I don’t actually have words for how much that means to me,” Steve opens his mouth to say something, but Tony quickly covers it, not finished, “I realize you probably would have done the same if any of the other members of the team had been hit, but that’s sort of my point. The fact that you saw me as a member of the team… made me realize how stupid I’d been, denying my feelings. I had already told myself I was going to tell you soon when you started talking. It might not have been for a few week, but I was going to tell you.”
Thankfully, both boys remain in their room that night, though they do end up both sleeping in the bottom bunk together. After breakfast, they sit the boys on the couch to watch a movie, (JARVIS chooses "Brave" this time,) and the team convenes in the gym for a meeting.
"You're right. We do kill people. But we don't do it because we want to. We do it because someone has to be there to keep the world safe from the men who want to destroy it. That's our job. Sometimes it's awful, and innocent people like you get hurt, but believe me, we aren't the bad guys, and we will never let anything happen to you."
"Tony..."
So... here we leave Tiny Tony behind and venture forward with Stoney. I hope you enjoyed it, and I hope you enjoy what's to come!  Please leave me a comment and let me know what you thought!
The jet lands at the mansion in record time, and she jumps out before they've even finished landing, trusting JARVIS to stow the plane safely. She rushes into the living room to find Steve and Tony standing in their 'punishment' position, feet shoulder width apart and hands clasped tightly behind their backs, staring at the floor. It takes her another second to find Clint. When she does, her heart nearly breaks.
"No, no, I promise. No more trying to name the shield," Tony responds, flapping his hand in dismissal of the idea.
"If they felt so useless that just being allowed to do dishes made them that grateful, then maybe we should let them help with chores. Let them take the garbage out, or help fold the laundry. Real kids in a real family are expected to help with things like that," Clint suggests after a deep breath, "We need to do things with them, play with them. So far all we've done is set them in front of the TV."
"Affirmative. An Officer Warrington brought in two boys matching the young sirs description not five minutes ago. Shall I inform the police department that you are on your way?"
"They’ve got several fading bruises and a few fresh ones," Bruce reports, pulling his own blanket tighter around his shoulders, "But I can’t tell if those are from their adult selves, or if something happened to them. Although the fading ones leave me to believe they're from their adult selves. It only took us forty five minutes or so to reach them and bruises don’t fade that fast. The newer ones might be fresh though. I’ll run a full work up when we get them back to the mansion. Steve’s been favoring one of his arms, and I’m worried it might be fractured. I think their powers are gone. I took a blood sample just to be on the safe side though. Steve's small for his age, which probably means I won't find the serum in his blood, and Tony's intelligence might still be intact, but his reactor is missing. Although, considering how much trouble it gives the adult version, I have to admit I'm glad of its absence. We don't need two children with breathing problems."
Steve stands as well and turns to leave. As he reaches the door way, he stops for a moment.
Tony leans against Steve’s arm, pretending to read the paper over his shoulder. He’d really hoped the Captain would go with him so they could spend some time together, (which Tony is determined to think of as team bonding and not as him wanting to spend time with his crush, because that is so patently ridiculous it makes his head hurt. Just because his heart beats a little faster when he hears Steve’s voice in his ear during a mission, or his breath comes short when the Captain lays a hand on his shoulder to pull him from his work for dinner, doesn’t mean he
“Hey there. Are you Tony?” Steve asks in a calming voice.
“Woah, woah. Slow down, kid,” Clint interrupts with a laugh, “Give us a chance to answer.”
Startled by Steve's sudden outburst, Tony doesn't know what to say for a moment. He's immensely touched that the shy and reserved Captain put himself through the harrowing experience of asking Clint for advice on sex. He leans in and kisses Steve soundly for a moment, reveling in the fact that he
Steve holds out his hand towards the boy. He’s still dressed in the adult sized AC/DC shirt he’d been wearing when they’d gone to get him. Steve is almost entirely certain they don’t have any clothes that will actual fit the boy, considering how small he is, but at the very least he needs to change into something that isn’t covered in white powder. Tony runs over to him, leaving a trail of flour behind him.
“You really are just a giant teddy bear full of sap and mush, aren’t you?” Tony asks suddenly, causing Steve to flinch and yank his hands away from the man.
“Aren’t you going to sleep too?” Tony asks quietly when Steve heads for the door.
Slowly, almost like he's putting on a show, Steve pulls his shirt over his head and tosses it in a random direction, not really caring where it lands. His sleep pants are tight, and his own erection clearly strains against the fabric, outlining his impressive bulge. Steve lays down next to Tony, shucking his pants and boxers quickly and efficiently. Tony sits up and stares at him for several long moments, looking him up and down, gulping audibly at what he sees.
Thank you so much for reading! Please leave me a comment and let me know what you think!
"Yes, ma'am."
we’ll have any problems, but it’s better to be prepared,” Steve says. Then his voice quiets, “Clint. I hate to ask this. I know it’s a tough subject, but…”
Clint winces at her statement but can't argue. He's taken tiny cat naps here and there, but has spent most of his time either in the gym or on the roof staring out into the darkness.
He hangs up the phone abruptly, but Natasha is used to his mannerisms and it doesn't phase her. She goes back into the living room and finds Tony and Steve sleeping peacefully, curled up around each other.
Clint immediately sits up and covers Tony’s mouth with his hand, forcing the kid to stop jumping.
“The idea that… you could… well of you… of you holding me down… while we… do… things…” Tony gasps out, his body aching to be touched, “I know you won’t… you know…
"Soon as we're done here, you better get yourself to medical Barton. Can't have you loosing a hand."
“What happened to the pirate guy?” Tony asks in a quiet voice.
is being
"Steve. Tony. Can you tell me what happened?" She keeps her voice calm and gentle despite the circumstances, not wanting to make what ever problem has arisen worse.
"Are we not already their family, if not their blood?" Thor asks, confused by her statement.
“Stark’s in trouble. Suit up,” he says in his ‘Captain’ voice.
“Well, that’s…” Tony’s voice hitches a bit when Steve’s hand keep sliding down, “That’s good then. Do you want to… now?” Tony asks, finally giving in and arching his back as Steve’s hand finally slides over his bare ass, and down to his thigh.
“Are they coming in friendly?” she asks, picking up on the tone of his voice.
“I was too excited to sleep,” the small silhouette shakes his head.
“A bit. Let’s get him on the jet and you can take a look at him,” Steve says before nudging Tony’s shoulder softly, “Tony, this is Dr. Banner. He’s one of my friends. He needs to take a look at those cuts you have, alright?”
"It's slow going. We still haven't been able to convince them they aren't slaves. You would think they'd understand it after being told forty or fifty different times."
Steve wraps a tired arm around the boy and pulls him close, tucking him against his side.
Natasha quickly collects the required blood samples, and the boys don't so much as flinch when she sticks them with the needle. Thor pulls Mjolnir from the vault and they both leave in short order.
“Are you a superhero too, or just a doctor? Do you have powers? Why does the big guy have a hammer? Is this plane really yours? My dad has a plane, but he hasn’t let me ride in it yet. Do you have a secret base? Can I see it?”
"Afraid I can't afford anything that would be up to your taste," Steve grins at him, looking at the opulence in room around him.
“I’m going to kill Steve,” Clint mutters under his breath pulling a pillow down over his head.
"Of course, Steve. What would you like to know?" Natasha sets down her fork and gives the small boy her full attention.
"With a lot of caution and kindness," Tasha informs both him and Clint, "JARVIS is sending us some literature to look over about dealing with traumatized and abused children. But I do know we should keep our voices down, stick to soft inside voices, even...
“No, I’m okay,” Tony says before stifling a yawn.
"His heart rate is also elevated, and he has missed twelve of his intended shots due to tears clouding his vision. I have sealed the drawer with the explosive arrowheads, just to be safe."
"For now, take them back to the mansion. Try and see if you can get any information out of them, see what they remember. I'll call Strange and Xavier, probably Richards too, see if they can help us shed any light on the situation and help us deal with that ship.”
“I love you too, Tony. I’ll see you in the morning.”
"Clint, what happened? Were you attacked?"
He turns in her arms and holds her tightly. They've never been a conventional couple. Their relationship has stayed mostly in the bedroom, but these are trying circumstances and they both need the physical comfort.
When Steve finally pulls away from the kiss, they are both left breathless, unable to do anything more than stare into each other’s eyes for a moment while they catch their breaths. Steve lets his hand slide up underneath the too-large shirt Tony’s wearing, and ghosts his fingers over Tony’s sensitive nipples, purposefully avoiding where he knows Tony wants to be touched. He leans down and kisses him again, then proceeds to kiss down his jaw and on down his neck, stopping momentarily when he finds a sensitive spot, and sucking gently, leaving little bruises in his wake. Tony arches into each kiss, whimpering in pleasure each time Steve leaves a mark.
“What idea?” Steve asks, confused.
"More than anything in the world," Clint assures him, wiping away his tears.
“As for the secret base, we do have one, of sorts, and you’ll probably get to see it at some point, but for now we’re going to take you home.”
At first, Tony sits quietly and patiently while Bruce tends to his injuries, although he reaches for Steve’s hand when Banner takes a blood sample. He answers the questions about his name and birthday, and what the last thing he remembers before being kidnapped was. Much to Bruce’s dismay, his miniaturized friend doesn’t have much to offer in the way of information. And although Tony’s intellect is still in tact, he only has the knowledge he’d had when he was four the first time. None of his adult skills and smarts are present. It’s a bit disheartening, as Bruce isn’t sure he’s up to the task of solving this on his own, and SHIELD is now well out of the question, but he is determined not to let his friend, or his team, down.
"Well, those trainers took you away from us. They erased your memories and made you forget who you were and who we are. Then they did all those horrible things to you. We didn't give you new names. Your names are Steven and Anthony. And we are so happy to have you back home where you belong."
They stay in the archery range for most of the morning. Tony begs to be allowed to hold an apple while Clint shoots it, and that archer finally agrees to let him hold it in his hand, his arm out to his side. He practically shrieks with joy when the apple shatters in his hand as the arrow hits it. Eventually, Clint moves from just shooting the apples, to performing every trick shot he knows. He has Tasha toss one in the air, then she and Steve toss one at the same time. Then he has them each put one on their heads and hits them both simultaneously. Then Natasha picks up one of the destroyed pieces and has Clint shoot that off her hand. She continues picking up smaller and smaller pieces, until the shot would actually put her hand at risk of being hit. When they finally put an end to the fun, the entire range is covered in mutilated apple pieces, with arrows sticking out of the walls making the room resemble a pin cushion, and there is only one box of apples remaining. Steve sets Tony on top of the box and gives him a ride upstairs, while Clint puts away his bow and arrows, and Natasha goes to shower off the practical applesauce the adventure has left her covered in.
Tony yawns widely, then nods.
"We are, but that's not what I mean. We adopt them so to speak. Treat them like we would if they were our own kids. Try to undo the damage the aliens did." She turns and looks at Bruce meaningfully. "I think you should join Richards and Strange on the hellicarrier. You're a ticking time bomb down here. Go and help them find a way to turn them back. We'll handle taking care of them in the mean time."
feel. I talk about what I think all the time, but feelings… I epically suck at those. Plus, I… was trying to pretend to myself that what I was feeling wasn’t real, you know? You’re from the forties for godsake! Having feelings… like this… for another guy… wasn’t really kosher back then. Still isn’t as kosher as it should be. So I tried to deny it. Told myself it was just friendship, and hero worship, and seriously, you’d have to be a blind person not to appreciate how perfect and beautiful your body is. And I made excuses. Went on missions with you when you could have handled it fine on your own. Touched you when I didn’t need to. Hell, I faked being asleep a few minutes ago, just so I’d have an excuse to keep snuggling up against you. Figured you’d be fine with it, since I was four ten minutes ago, and then we’d brush it off in the morning, and forget about it. But then you started talking…”
"Hey," Steve responds, putting down his book and patting the arm of the chair he's sitting in. Tony crosses and sit on it, leaning into Steve's shoulder, as he has a thousand times, though it has more meaning now than it did before. "How are you feeling?"
"You couldn't have known. And you were right not to go. A two man recon team is much safer than three. And just because you're not from this world doesn't mean you can instantly identify ships or beings from others. Keeping you back with Banner was the smart play," she assures him, squeezing his arm gently, "Given the same situation again, I know I would make the same call. So would Steve. And honestly, Tony only asked you to go because alien cultures scare him. They have since New York. You didn't do anything wrong, Thor. This isn't your fault."
"Clint. Is everything..."
"No, Tony. We are not going to sell you. Ever. The way you were treated by those trainers was quite horrible and incredibly wrong," Thor tells him, pulling the little boy close in his arms, "We will never treat you in that manner. We love you far too much to ever harm you."
With a nod, Fury takes one last look at the sleeping children and heads back to the bridge, trusting that the Avengers can find their way out. Silently, Bruce picks up Tony and Natasha carries Steve back to the jet. Clint gets them in the air quickly, pushing the limits of the small craft's capabilities to get them home as fast as possible.
Steve smiles and chuckles a little under his breath.
“He thought something happened to you when you weren’t there when he woke up,” Clint explains, handing the Captain a towel.
"Are we no good? Do you not want us?"
“He kept escaping from my agents while they were trying to get him to medical, and interrogation was the best place to keep him contained.”
On the way home the boys both yawn hugely and Thor makes an executive decision that everyone is going back to bed as soon as they get home. Steve and Tony balk at having to sleep alone, so when they get back home, Clint and Thor move all the furniture out of the living room and pull in two king size mattresses and every blanket and pillow in the house and make a giant sleeping fort. Thor settles in the middle with one boy on each side and Clint and Natasha take the outside positions. JARVIS puts on 'Fantasia' and they all settle down and are asleep in no time, happy to be back together as a family.
"Oh. Hello, Tony. I didn't expect to see you again until dinner. How goes the work on Natasha's bites?" Steve asks, tossing his towel into the bucket by the door.
Fury raises his hands in mock surrender and steps away from the door. Clint and Tasha take up places on either side of the door, keeping their respective weapons holstered, but they stay ready to draw them at any time. Steve hands his shield to Tasha, and opens the door.
"I'll do some work on it too," Bruce says, his voice daring Fury to argue with him, "They're my friends."
“Looks like you guys had a lot of fun,” he comments as he sits and takes the controller Tony hands him.
. Was it the loss of a warm fire and the comfort of Tony’s presence while they ordered their thoughts into something less like a storm; or the loss of any chance of having Tony in his bed that night, and having no thoughts at all but for how to make a night go on forever?
“Yes. Yes, just-fuck.” Tony cursed - too loudly in the quiet but he didn’t care, couldn’t care - bucking his hips up into Stefen’s fist. He felt Stefen smile against his shoulder just before he sped up the motion of his thrusts.
“Stand back.” He instructed as he stabbed at the window viciously, the end of the broom cracking the glass in spider fragments that tinkled as they fell to the floor. That sound was going to haunt his dreams.
As the fireworks burst over the park that night Péter wondered if they were high enough for the whole city to see. There was something nice about thinking of everyone in Vienna under the same bright stars and colorful lights. He wondered sometimes (even if he was either too afraid or unsure of who to ask) how it was supposed to be that some people were better or worse than others when the universe was so huge. What did it matter what you looked like or how much money you had? The sky sat over everyone, and they were all equally small under it.
Tony blocked their voices out. His heart was beating so wildly in his chest, it was difficult to breathe, each forward step more difficult than the last and dark spots appeared in front of his eyes.
“I’m counting on it.”
“My God, what have you gotten yourself into?” Tony asked, already knowing Stefen would consider this one of the things too dangerous for him to know and frustrated by it.
and Steve was very much alone. But his children were depending on him. Sitting opposite from him was the War Minister and the Army Commander, both of whom seemed intent on peppering him mercilessly with questions about his tour, and the recent speeches he’d given, meticulously picking apart his opinion on everything from new uniforms for the men to how he thought children of the Reich should be schooled.
But now Ollie Boesch was in a jail cell somewhere, his future grim. Turned in by his own nephew.
Sam knew damn well what those flowers meant. Sam had put in the little blue flowers the same year that Sara had been born and that Peggy had died. She’d insisted on them, had sat amongst them for precious moments of quiet before the fever had taken her strength.
"Then the rest of it!" He huffed looking over at Tony for confirmation that he'd made sense. Tony nodded, a wane little smile on his face.
Well, Tony wasn't about to sit on his ass now and let Stefen hang himself around his morals. The Captain wasn’t going to sink with Austria, god damn it, and they were all going to get the hell out of here
“They can’t.” That quiet stare again before Fischer let out a breath that sagged the skin around the mouth and brought a touch of humanity back to his face. “But I’m the best at what I do.”
Held so close to his father he looked tiny Tony thought. He hardly looked his eight years at all.
“Why don’t you shove it up your ass. Yeah?” Bucky flipped back. He turned his head from the window to look at Steve, sitting at the table they’d dragged in from the kitchen. “It might be our last supper. I wanna know who’s bringing it.”
~*~*~
Artur popped his hand out of his mouth with a groan of aggravation as if Tony were being particularly dense and making things difficult on purpose.
“You mean Uncle Bucky?” Artur asked, his head aching with confusion. He didn’t like this man and didn’t understand why he was asking all of these questions, but he knew he was bad. The man wanted to hurt Artur’s family, and Artur was afraid he’d say the wrong thing.
He was hopeless.
"What did you say?"
Quietly, not trusting the bustle of the station to completely mask their conversation Steve whispered, “I can’t risk it. Give Falsworth my message and have him contact Frau D’anvers. Tell them I’ll get the letter to them as soon as I can.”
He'd warned him plenty however, about how he likely wouldn't even make it past training camp and how the other men would wipe the floor with him.
He’d made a promise.
If Stefen ever made it home, that is. The idiot, the great big noble idiot. Did he really think Austria was going to thank him for giving his life in her defense? He should have taken Tony’s advice and run with the children when he’d had the chance but since when did Captain Rogers think he needed Tony’s advice?
But then the bell for the maids had rattled like it was strapped to the end of a pissed cat, and Bucky's heart had sunk into his stomach. He was no Drabarni to tell any man his fortune but he trusted the sick feeling and the way the hair on the back of his neck stood on end.
“So long as ignorance and misery remain on earth, books like this cannot be useless.” He snapped defensively, though he didn’t know why he expected Stefen to understand the reference or to care, when Tony was teaching his children banned material. So he went with the strategy of saying as much of whatever else came to mind as possible, in the hopes that maybe Stefen would get distracted and forget to be angry.
He took another satisfied bite of the fruit and Tony blinked sluggishly at him, his brain revving back up to its regular speeds. Well then, a theory he’d definitely have to investigate further.
“Get moving. That morphine won’t last forever and Schmidt will be right behind me.” he heard Dvorak say as the man grabbed the back of his shirt and hauled him to his feet. Morphine? Steve struggled to understand what was happening even as Dvorak shoved him forward and he took his first stumbling steps.
“Twenty years changes a man,” Tony replied. He couldn’t help but dig, at least a little, but he softened the words with a smile for the admiral and his other guest, a fellow with greying hair in a sharp business suit and hat.
“You really need to get some rest,” he advised and then with a cheeky grin he added, “You look like you've been hit by a truck.”
“No, Herr Hammer.”
He bit his lip, waring with himself.
“Maybe next time,” Péter told him with a regretful smile. He’d love to see England, but he needed to go home more. Ned seemed to understand, his smile dimming as he sighed.
“I’ll do
After a few minutes more of chase Ian appeared on Tony’s other side, out of breath and dragging his bicycle dejectedly. He didn’t say a word as he plodded alongside them dragging his feet and stealing puppy dog glances at Tony, but Tony knew what he wanted.
were less inclined to the vanities of style and had practically grown puritan about it with Hitler in power.
Bucky stepped up beside Charlotte, soaking in the intimate moment. Private moment. He took another long swig of his drink.
Péter opened his mouth, trying to think of something witty or appropriate to say but all that came out was an abashed, "hello".
“Happy Birthday, Tony,” Stefen whispered, breath tickling Tony’s ear and he sniffed back the tears that threatened to make a mess of him. He laughed again, the first genuinely joyous one he’d felt in a very long while.
“You’re the worst monk I’ve ever met.” Stefen chuckled lowly, breath hitching as Tony shifted purposefully in his lap. “And you’re a tease.”
“It was so we could hear the stories,” Ian chimed in, sounding more vehement than Tony thought he’d ever heard him. “She told me that once she was gone, that I had to remember because they wouldn’t be in any books. Only I don’t remember them very well. I didn’t do what she said.”
“We’re going to change his mind.” Tony announced and he didn’t miss the alarmed looks Péter and Natacha traded. “Rumor has it, he used to enjoy music. It’s a shame don’t you think, that he’s forgotten? There are enough terrible things in the world, it’s a pity to forget one of its most beautiful. But we’re going to remind him and by the time we finish you’ll sound so lovely he’ll forget all about laws against music.” He promised, touching Maria’s nose. The little girl beamed at him.
"Good morning Herr stark." She greeted him softly, her pink lips tilting toward a small smile. "Or is it afternoon already? I confess, I've lost track of the time."
"I do know. I'll make sure of it." He answered, turning from the window, from the children, toward the car where his captors waited. Fancy title. Fancy uniform. But it was all just smoke. He was as much a prisoner as Stefen was, his cage was just more comfortable. He could only imagine what hell they were putting Stefen through right now. Except if he did, he knew he'd go mad with it, and he couldn't fail the children that way. He wouldn't let Stefen down. He'd do what he had to in order to keep them safe. Whatever it took.
Bakhuizen met his cheerfulness with a cold stare, his eyes slowly moving from Tony’s face and down to the tiny silver key he still held clutched in his palm.
“Herr Stanislov informed us that you were never much involved with the business,” Hoch began and Tony barely resisted the urge to look at Stanislov. It wasn’t exactly a lie but it wasn’t the truth either and Stanislov damn well knew it. Hughard hadn’t liked Tony interfering with the work down in the yards, but he’d been training Tony to take over since before he could walk and Tony had usually found a way to stick his nose in anyway.
"But you boys must be excited for the party!" he commented, expecting the whoop of good cheer he got from Artur but not the non-committal shrug he got from James.
“All of those people have to leave? How the hell do they expect them to manage that in twenty-four hours?” Hogan murmured in bafflement as the news castor went on to describe the unexpected terms of peace the Führer and the other European powers had reached, and what a historic and triumphant moment it was for Germany.
The cover caught his eye and he paused, recognizing the picture before he ever read the title sprawled across the top in bold letters.
“I disagree,” Tony mused, holding her gaze. “Survival alone is merely reaction and adaption to one’s circumstances. You’re a lot of things, but passive is not one of them and you’re certainly more than smoke.”
Bruce.
[To Natacha] There was a rumor at the time that you hated it. Is there any truth to that?
Sam had meant as a soldier. Of course. What else could he have meant? Nobody knew about the other thing.
“Lay back darling.” Tony panted and just in case Steve was too far gone to hear it he tugged gently on his hair, pulling his head down toward the bed. Steve went, slow and easy Tony’s cock sliding out of his mouth until just the tip lingered there. Tony slid his hand out from under Steve’s head before he could pin it to the bed, and pet his hand over his sweaty brow, massaging his scalp in reward. Steve’s unfairly long golden lashes lowered to half-mast like he might fall asleep, but Tony bucked his hips when Steve curled his tongue around the head in a slow motion as if he were examining the texture. Steve just lay there, taking what Tony gave him, his gaze hazy and warm with a devastating amount of gratitude.
The soldiers were the worst, their feet drumming loudly as they marched boldly through the streets, proud as peacocks of their smart uniforms and flashy guns. And Tony walked among them not just a plain clothed monk on his way to assignment but a Jew, unmarked and falsely documented: a lamb hiding amongst the wolves. He put on a smile and a confident swagger because experience had taught him he had no better shield.
"But..." Whatever was troubling Péter had him squirming in his seat.
Steve gets his family safely to British territory only to discover it is not the safe haven he was promised. War changes people. Just ask Steven Grant.
“No, no. It's a secret for now, but it's gonna change things for the captain here, I promise you that.” Bucky insisted with a cheeky wink for Dobas.
Péter wondered about her reticence but let it go. It wasn't like it was unusual for Tacha to hold back or get quiet. Trying to force her to talk about it wouldn't do anything. But it was discomforting to realize that he used to be certain she'd talk to him when she was ready. Now he wasn't so sure. It felt like years since they'd really talked, even though he knew it had only been October, before he left. He'd never realized how much could change in just a matter of weeks. Months he realized. Almost two of them.
“On a dockside.” Tony threw up his hands in a gesture of surrender as Stefen’s glare intensified. “I’m not lying. Hamburg, red-light district. The girls there know how to show a sailor a good time.”
“Can't say you don't know my taste, Cap.”
Schmidt lifted the glass, eyes sharp and calculating.
“…Tony helped me tie it! Do you like….”
“And what intelligence work is this, that fits you so well, Willham?” Steve grit out. Péter’s name on Strikers lips made him see red.
"Can I assist you Miss?"
Fury is caught off guard for a moment. The Captain is the most level headed member of the team, and rarely snaps at anyone. And Fury had honestly thought Rogers would be more thrown by the ‘turned into a child’ part of his explanation, than the ‘cornered’ part. But with everything they’ve seen in the last year or so, he supposes none of them are really surprised by strange things happening anymore.
"Tony, talk to me," There is kindness in Steve's voice and it gives Tony a tiny shred of hope that his idea of confessing might not blow up in his face completely, "I can see that something's bothering you. Talk to me about it, please. I want to help if I can."
“You made the mess, you clean it up. Come on Tony. Let’s get you cleaned up.”
. No knives, no spare arrowheads lying around, nothing. Pull them out of every room, including all the bedrooms. I'll empty my room," she holds up a hand to stop his protest, "I don't want to sleep unarmed anymore than you do, but we have to be safe with this. This house has one of the best protection systems on the planet. If something gets through JARVIS, the weapons in our rooms wouldn't do us any good anyway."
Steve allows himself a second to wish Howard Stark was still alive so he could punch the man through a wall before going to the bed and lifting Tony into his arms and pulling him close.
It's kind of short again, but I wanted to get it posted for Christmas.
The two men nod their agreement and quickly situate the mattresses. Natasha helps them with the sheets and blankets, then they go into the living room. As they walk down the hallway, they hear a soft smacking sound. They quicken their pace, but stop dead in their tracks as soon as they enter the room.
“Tomorrow is gonna be the best day ever!”
"Bullshit," Tony says, sneaking another chip when Steve flinches slightly at the curse word, "Everyone else's weapon has a name. Tasha calls her spider bites 'Widow Makers,' Coulson named that giant gun he used on Loki 'Retribution,' 'The Incredible Hulk' is obviously Bruce's weapon, all my suits are named 'Mark' something, Clint's bow is named 'Charlotte' after some French assassin or some such whatever, and Thor's hammer has an unpronounceable name, 'Mafudgenick' or something. Your shield needs a name too."
