Dean threw on jeans and a tee shirt, and brushed his teeth before walking back out to Cas. He wasn't positive that he was even breathing at the moment. His hands were shaking as Castiel passed the baby into his arms, his eyes went completely wide when he was fully holding the boy.
"How about Frozen 2? Papa hasn't seen that one!" Jack exclaimed, his eyes staring brightly into Dean's through the mirror.
It was pointless, he was shattering. He wanted to crawl out of his own skin, tear away every piece of himself that Castiel touched so he couldn't think about it anymore. He pressed his fist to his mouth as the heat behind his eyes finally took over, tears falling in constant streams, landing heavy on his skin. He dug his face into his hands, trying to soften the sobs wracking through him.
"We always do. Their defense sucks" Dean comments half heartedly as he walked through them, setting off a whole new argument amongst them as he walked away. He found his friends in the backyard, passing around a bottle of tequila. Dean huffed loudly when he sat down between Charlie and Benny, Alfie across from him. Dean noticed that Charlie's pink lip gloss stained the rim of the bottle when he steals it from Benny and takes a generous swig.
"What?" Dean lowered the shirt to his side, his heart starting to beat harder. "Jack's in the school play. He's been talking about it for the past two weeks."
There is a thrill that shoots up Dean's spine when he brings it up to his nose and breathes it in. The guilt in his stomach is no match for the shock of pleasure that courses through him at that smell. His head feels cloudy and clear at the same time, he can't decide which one. The bed is soft beneath his legs when he climbs on, laying down on his stomach. Her voice is in his head again, much clearer after hearing it so recently. The gum lays on the bed right beside his nose, his temple pressed to the sheets as he rolls his hips down into the mattress. He recalls the feeling of her hands on him, gently encouraging his hips into a steady rhythm; a purposeful grind instead of a mindless hump.
"Am I making you uncomfortable? I can leave you alone, I would pass on the speech if it wasn't something so important," Cas took a step back, putting more space between them. Dean tried not to let his breath hitch again.
"She tastes like lemonade," she said with a deliriously sweet smile. The girl put her hands on Dean's cheeks and pulled him down, pressing their lips together. Dean kept his hands on Charlie, gripping her waist as he kissed the girl between them, her lips soft and full, her hands warm. Her coiled black hair tickled his face when he dipped his head to kiss her neck. He lost himself in the feeling of her and Charlie, something sweet and comforting rather than arousing. Though it was arousing, he wasn't seeking release here, he was seeking the comfort of another person's body.
"Can Kevin and I go to the movies with Jess and Channing?" He asked with the deceptively innocent smile of a fourteen year old.
"We'll have to get a new car seat, I doubt this thing would pass a state approval," cas said, poking the car seat. Dean only nodded as he strapped Jack in. Cas was right, the straps didn't even tighten all the way. He barely remembers Kayla, but if this is how she was caring for his child- if it is his- he really fucking hates her.
"No," Dean shook his head adamantly, his knees shaking as Castiel swiped his thumb over the head of his dick. "I wasn't, I swear. I just kissed her cause I couldn't stop thinking about you. I thought I was dumb for wanting you so bad after only one night. Couldn't stop thinking about you all week, just needed something to distract me. That's all it was, I promise," Dean fumbled with his words, rambling more than was probably necessary.
Castiel licked up the filling across his chest, then repeated his process on Dean's other nipple, abusing the hard bud with his teeth, then licking it softly to soothe the ache. He sucked a few bruises into that side, then leaned away. Dean whined, his eyes fluttering then settling again.
"Cas!" Castiel kept walking, ignoring Lisa as she attempted to catch up with her on wedges. Cas sped up a bit, trying to get to third period unscathed.
"I'm sorry bub, maybe next time," Charlie patted his thigh sympathetically. Dean sighed wistfully into the air, tilting his head up towards the sky.
Castiel had to wear stockings under her skirt the next day because of the bruises Dean left on her thighs.
"So, you want to tell me who it is you've been seeing?" Bobby asked with all of the nonchalance of someone asking about the weather. Dean dropped the wrench in his hand, banging his head against the hood in his haste to look up at his uncle. He took a second to not look like someone who had something to panic about.
"Stop! She looked like she was barely eighteen," Cas laughed though his cheeks were flushed bright pink.
"Need you," Dean whispered, every spot that Castiel touched sang for more, pressing up into his hands, chasing their touch.
"Go home, Dean. Get some sleep." Ash smiled at him tightly. Deans eyebrows furrowed, his teeth starting to hurt with how tight he was clenching them together.
"You rushed out so fast after we..." the boy looked around coyly, "you know," he smirked, "that I never got to ask you out again. We had so much fun, why not do it again?"
let someone get the drop on him like that, he's too good. Literally nothing about that night makes sense and Gabriel and Luke haven't been seen."
"Well you weren't dating then and Kelsey saw Meg Masters leaving your room so there's rumors that you had a threesome," Abigail lowered her voice like she was saying beetlejuice.
"While the idea of fucking you in the backseat is an idea worth exploring, I'd quite like to have you on your hands and knees tonight. Also, hotels have room service and room service has pie, I'd like to lick pie filling off of your chest if you're amenable to that." Castiel's voice sounded so nonchalant as his words tore into Dean, making his stomach flutter and his cock twitch in his jeans.
"Jee, Sam, how nice of you," he said through gritted teeth. Sam smiled innocently, then pretended like someone called him. Dean rolled his eyes and looked back to Jack as he opened another Christmas present. He couldn't lie, the sixteen year old was surprisingly good at the drums, Dean likes to take credit for it because of all the classic rock he played when Jack was a kid.
seeping past his lips. His eyebrows furrowed and his mouth opened on a wet sob, his knuckles turning white with how hard he was gripping the sheets.
"I feel great," Dean said with a little shake of his head. "You have to get Anna," he said, swaying slightly as he struggled to keep his eyes open. Everything was fuzzy. Castiel's hands were warm and firm, making Dean's skin pulse with relief rather than pain.
"Tilt your head back for me, honey." Dean guided his head back with a finger under his chin. He dipped his cup beneath the running faucet, and drenched the dark curls with lukewarm water, rinsing all of the suds out. When the water ran clear, he shut the faucet off and stood up. "All done." He pulled him up slowly, guiding him out of the tub with strong hands so he didn't slip on the wet tiles. Dean wrapped him up in a fluffy white towel and walked him to the bedroom. He rubbed lotion into his pruned up tan skin, guiding him into his underwear and a pair of black slacks.
"Ride me. Ride me, please. I want you to ride me, Miss." She laughed fondly at his enthusiasm as she straddled his hips.
"Ah!" Miranda screamed again, car lurching again. A car came speeding up the hill and Miranda, in a fit of blind pain, smacked her hand on the wheel, forcing the car to the left, right in the path of the oncoming car. Cas shouted, yanking the wheel back to the right. The car moved past, but Miranda's hand was still hooked in the steering wheel and when Cas lost his grip, the car lurched to the left. He sprang forward, gripping the wheel again, but they were too far off. The car jerked as the front tires tried to bring them back up onto the road, but the two back tires were failing. Cas spun the wheel but they are already tumbling off of the side of road
Castiel pressed his hands down against Dean's hips and held him down firmly as he licked at Dean's cock. He started at the tip, making little kitten licks all the way down to the base, swirling his tongue and pressing open mouthed kisses along the veins. Dean's legs twitched and he was thankful for the firm pressure of Castiel's hands on his hips, because he desperately wanted to buck his hips up for more friction. Castiel pulled back just sightly, gripping Dean's cock so he could wrap his lips around the tip, chasing the taste of cherry out of the slit. Dean gasped, his hips twitching, his fingers shaking where they were still clenched around the pillow.
Dean buried his face in the pillows to muffle his screams, his thighs trembling with the pleasure curling in his body. Castiel buried his fingers in Dean's hair and gripped the strands hard, yanking him up. Dean gasped, his hands flying back to hold onto Castiel's waist, his back flush against his chest.
"I love you too!" Castiel yelled back before the apartment door shut. Dean smiled to himself as crawled up the bed and buried his face in Castiel's pillow.
"Poor Dean, can't get good dick to save his life" Charlie pouted at him. Dean rolled his eyes, shoving her shoulder.
"That would be nice. We'll have to make it a one or two week trip. You know the first two days are always too stressful to be relaxing. And with our track record, we'll need at least two days to clean and pack," cas said.
"What happened?" He asked. Castiel glanced at Bobby and Sam warily, but took a deep breath and stepped closer to the bed.
"While I do enjoy instilling fear in those who claim to be unafraid, I do have plans for you, so I'll leave you untouched for the time being. I just wanted to meet the boy my son was so hell bent on protecting. It's not everyday a Novak boy puts a claim on someone." Deans eyebrows furrowed despite himself and Chuck made a delightedly surprised face. "But you didn't know that," he chuckled as he leaned back in his chair. "You see, the only reason we've run so well for all these years, is because we have rules. Very delicate, very important rules. Castiel," Chuck shook his head, tsking, "I was too soft on Castiel, I grew too attached, which is something I pride myself in never doing. Castiel, he showed so much promise, I never would have guessed he'd be the one to throw everything off balance. Such a shame, I looked at him as my own-"
"When I was made aware of your presence, I have to say, I was quite shocked." Dean tilted his chin up, staring into Chuck's eyes with steady inhales and smooth exhales, taming the nervous fear in his gut. "You don't look scared, Dean," he remarked.
When Cas was gone, Dean fell back against the wall with a soft exhale, allowing the air in his lungs to rush out. His face fell with the closing of his eyes and he didn't realize how boneless he felt until he almost slid down the wall. He caught himself with a stutter, steadying his body on shaky legs. He brought the gum up to his nose and inhaled the artificially sweet scent. The smell of it sent a shiver through him, he felt utterly disgraceful shivering at the smell of a piece of gum, but he didn't have it in him to care. He slipped the stick into his pocket, beside his slightly crumpled pack of cigarettes.
"How fucking dare you," he spat, keeping his voice low so Jack didn't hear him through the car window. "You have been here less than a week, Meg, you have no idea what we've been through so don't you dare act like you do."
"Um, yeah, sure," he nodded, allowing Mark to take his hand and guide him to the stairs. Dean looked over at Castiel one more time, watching the boy raise his cup in mock salut then drink from it.
When Dean looked to his left, he could see Bobby, waving his hands angrily as he yelled at Castiel. Castiel is just standing there taking it, bowing his head and nodding. Dean takes a second to remember that Castiel is alive. Alive. Alive.
Jack fell asleep an hour into the movie, his hand limp in his empty popcorn bowl and his head tucked in by Dean's hip. Dean carried the boy up to bed, tucked him into the blankets, and kissed his forehead. With Jack sound asleep in bed, Dean was angry again. He pulled his phone out again and dialed Cas' number. This time, he picked up.
"Yeah, buddy, why don't you go up to your room and build your new train while daddy cooks dinner?" Dean pulled Jack's new train set from one of the grocery bags and Jack takes it with an excited nod of agreement. He kicks his shoes off and sets them neatly on the rack by the door before running up the stairs, the pieces of the set jangling in the box.
"My brother is getting Anna, I'm getting you out of here." Castiel guided Dean's arm over his shoulder, sliding his other arm under Dean's knees, carefully picking him up.
"Aw, baby, you have no idea how hot you are, do you?" Dean unlaced their fingers so he could throw his arm around Cas' shoulders, leaning in to kiss his cheek with a dramatic smacking noise.
"I'll see you later. I have a meeting after school so I'll pick you up at the garage and we'll get dinner?" He suggested.
Castiel pulled away and chuckled softly when Dean chased his mouth with a whine. Dean tilted his head down with an embarrassed flush, his eyes catching those scars again.
"Please, I, I can't, I need. Touch me, please! Please, I can't," Dean cried out, gripping his own hair with frustrated whines.
"It's Winchester isn't it? Winchester, you in there?" Meg smiled cheekily as she tried to peek over Castiel's shoulder.
"No," Dean cut him off, throwing his own door open and running around to Castiel's side. "You're in pain, I get it," he said as he carefully helped him stand. He guided Cas' arm around his shoulders and kicked the door closed. He helped Castiel up to the porch, taking extreme care to soften the steps as Castiel winced with every one. Castiel knocked hard and loud, and they only waited about two breaths before the door swung open.
"Yes, yes, Castiel, please. I want," he paused on a low whine when Castiel didn't pull his pants down, just left them undone. "I need," he couldn't finish his sentence.
"Does my boy want to play tonight?" It's a useless question because they both know the answer. She's just teasing him.
His feet froze on the stoop, his stomach churning and twisting as Castiel's screamed tore into his eardrums. He couldn't image what his face looked like in that moment, all Dean knew of Castiel was his pleasure. The parting of his lips, the openness of his expression, and the backward tilt of his head when he was admiring Dean, always during something slow and always right before praise, '
"Ditch today, no one will even know you're gone," Dean said, pawing at Castiel's stomach with a little pout. For as manly and butch Dean acts, he can be quite clingy and demure when it comes to these private, intimate moments.
"That's not a nice thing to say to your girlfriend," Cas said with a pout. Dean chuckled sitting beside cas and wrapping an arm around her shoulders. She leaned into his chest and curled her legs over his lap
every single child, teen, and adult that Chuck ever took. The dude sure loves his photos," Ash ran his hand over his face, digging his fingers into his eyes.
The ringing of his phone snapped Dean out of his thoughts. He flinched and nearly knocked the pot off of the stove as his heart rate accelerated. With a sigh, Dean pulled his phone from his back pocket and blindly pressed the answer button.
Having her so far out of reach grates on his nerves for days. He refuses to touch Lisa and he snaps at everyone, it feels like backtracking.
"Well when you're married to someone who, on a monthly basis, says, 'let's go camping tomorrow', you pick up that role pretty fast," Cas admitted.
"They are, aren't they? I can't believe how well they get along. My cousins tormented me, I thought it was the rule of life," Cas laughed.
"No five," Gabe snickered. Cas rolled her eyes and smacked him upside the head. He clicked his tongue as he dramatically rubbed his head. "Fine, I need it for gas," he said.
"I will, baby, and I'll even let you pick how. Do you want me to ride you, or do you want me to fuck you?" Dean looked down at her with wide eyes, his lips parted wide. Dean loves when Miss rides him, she doesn't do it a lot because it's not her favorite, so when she offers, he doesn't refuse.
"I'm sorry you've had such a rough day, baby," Dean ran his hand over her back, kissing her forehead.
Dean was not going to be that naïve girl in the terribly made mafia movie, so he tries to distract himself, but his act quickly crumbles when Castiel appears again and Dean is putty in his hands.
"Fuck, fuck, I'm going to come," he clenched his teeth, the chains rattling, her heat clenching down around him.
"Yes, so you've told me every morning of the last two days," Castiel said nonchalantly, even though his cheeks went pink. Dean followed him into the bathroom, wrapping his arms around the mans waist as he started brushing his teeth.
The nurse brought them an already prepared bottle of formula, and a tub of what she said they used. Dean thanked her profusely as he took the bottle with shaking fingers.
"Come on, Dean. I'm just trying to make you nice and pretty. You see, your little friend Ash should be watching by now." Chuck smiled at something over Dean's shoulder, something he couldn't see in his position but he can only assume that it was a camera. "Clever little boy that Ash is. Ash and Castiel were so close growing up, I know that they cared very deeply for each other. So, Ash would most likely do anything to save Castiel's little pet." The name made Dean's blood boil coming from Chuck's mouth. "Including, getting me the money that's being watched by the FBI. I bet he didn't know that I knew I was being watched. The moment I found out my files had been touched, I became very vigilant. Of course the shock of it being Castiel came as quit the stab-" Dean gasped as the knife plunged into his hip, "to the back," Chuck finished with a little chuckle. "I want my money, and the moment I get it, I'll let you go," Chuck pulled the knife out and Dean screamed. "Shh, it's alright," the knife plunged back in, Dean's head falling back with a scream. Chuck weaved his fingers into his hair and yanked his head forward.
There was a quiet chattering to the right, so Dean walked to the left, keeping his footsteps light and his breathing slow. The end of the hallway saw two other long hallways. Dean took the left turn, walking cautiously as he passed several closed doors.
"Another one bites the dust?" Dean gasped when he opened the bathroom door. Castiel was leaning against the wall opposite of the bathroom door, his solo cup gone. Dean's skin instantly started tingling, raising with goosebumps. Castiel was wearing a tight pair of black jeans, a white tee shirt, and a black and yellow flannel. It was simple but he made it look so fucking good.
I feel so warm inside seeing posts about pride on social media and I just watched Hayley Kiyoko's video with Alexandra Shipp and BY GOD DO I LOVE WHEN WOMEN EXIST. Hayley is an absolute goddess and I love her.
"I am never letting you out of this hotel room," cas said, sighing as she went boneless against the mattress. Dean chuckled, leaning up so he could dispose of the condom.
It's his fault. His fault for falling in love with Castiel. Nevertheless, he'd do it again if he could.
"I filled your tank when I took your car to the store yesterday so what is the fucking money for?" she asked.
Lisa was waiting for him when he forced himself to leave Castiel’s apartment, sent away with a gentle kiss to the cheek. He sat in his car for twenty minutes, trying to remember how to breathe on his own. She raised an eyebrow at him when he stumbled through the door, exhausted and bleary eyed.
“I know, I want you to know that I never did anything with anyone while we were together. I wouldn’t do that,” Dean assured.
"You want to repeat that for another one?" Mr Jacobs asked, raising his eyebrows. Castiel thought about it, she thought about throwing the detention slip in his face and maybe flipping a desk, but she couldn't afford it.
," he repeated in his head as he strode unhurriedly to the elevators. The ride up was familiar and almost comforting, the phantom smell Castiel. Cigarette smoke and sugar. He had a sweet tooth, Dean is sure that Castiel didn't know that Dean knew, but he did. Castiel had a sweet tooth the size of Texas. The thought makes Dean smile, then the elevator doors opened and he was yanked back to the present. He steeled his emotions again as he walked down to room 314. Their room.
"Cum," the word was growled, in such a demanding tone that Dean stopped breathing for a second. His entire body shook and trembled, falling completely apart in Castiel's hands. He came untouched with a soft cry, his toes curling, his release splashing against his chest, a drop landing on his chin.
"Well how about we do something once you get changed? We can grab a bite, maybe go to the Lookout?" He asked, tilting his head down with a suggestive smirk.
"I don't think your roommate would like that," he said, getting up so he could throw the condom away.
Bobby drops him off at Lisa Braeden's house with a firm hand on his shoulder, the rules clearly laid out on the table. Bobby knows that Dean knows them, but he repeats them anyways, mostly for Sam's comfort where they boy is watching from the backseat.
"Right, well, try not to think about me while you're in there," she pulled her hand away front when door, "in the shower," she pressed the button for her floor, "naked," smirking as the doors began to close, "wet," she watched Dean chest rise with a sharp inhale. "Bye Dean," she waved her fingers as the doors shut.
Dean had a brief wave of fear that Castiel was going to be all bark and no bite, so to speak, but it was quickly washed away when they got to his bedroom and he was being pinned to the door. Castiel put one hand up Dean's shirt to rest on his hip, the other pressed against the door beside Dean's head. Dean's breath fell away, his back naturally arching up.
"We know buddy, but it'll be good for you to have a relationship with your mom," Cas said, catching Dean's eye roll and giving him a pointed look while Jack wasn't looking.
"No, you're not a twink, what are you?" Castiel slid the hand in Dean's hair down to his neck, his fingers squeezing just slightly around his throat. Deans cheeks immediately went red, his hips stuttering. "What are you, pet?" Castiel asked again, squeezing his throat tighter. Dean's eyes rolled back, his head falling back against the wall.
"Mm, my slut wants me to fuck him harder?" Cas licked his lips, tilting his head down with a soft expression. Dean bit his lip, swallowing down a moan as Cas' hips continued their torturous circles. Dean nodded when it was obvious that Castiel was just going to keep staring at him until he got a response.
Kayla had smirked their way and they avoided her gaze at all costs. The judge allowed Jack to testify and the boy did so with a calm, even voice. He read from a piece of paper that he spent three weeks perfecting.
I assure you my mother is not sleeping with your husband. I'm sorry Mrs benson but I'm in class. I'll go over later and we'll have a chat.
"Don't tease me when you have to leave right now," Dean whined. "That's just cruel," he walked away with a pout. Cas chuckled softly as he watched Dean face plant on the bed. "And you know there's no food aloud in Baby!" His voice got muffled by the sheets, but Castiel still caught it.
"I tried so hard to be what he needed, but what if I just pushed him deeper? What if I was just supporting his depression? What if Jack and I aren't enough?"
"Just checking in on the grieving, that is the polite thing to do," her eyes flicked up to him, watching to see how he would react to her words.
"I've been teasing you all day, huh? I bet you're more than ready to come. Do you want to come, sweetheart?" She asked as she pulled his pants and boxers down, tossing them onto the floor.
"Help now, questions later, Meg," Castiel growled, stepping forward into the cabin. The brunette rolled her eyes and grabbed Castiel's other arm, ignoring his grunt of pain.
His arm was tugged back at an awkward angle, his wrists bound behind him. Blood seeped down from the throbbing cut on his forehead, stinging in eyes, which were forced closed by a hard tightening of cotton over his eyes.
"Okay, it's okay," Castiel walked over, gently cupping the back of Dean's head. "He's okay now. We'll take him to the hospital to get checked out, things like this are weird, they'll have to call CPS and they'll have to decide where he goes because technically you're not legally the father," he said.
Dean tipped his head back to take a bigger swig of his drink, cursing himself for not telling the kid to put ice in it. The cranberry juice and vodka was warm, making him shiver with every sip. Dean threw his arms over Charlie's shoulders, his cup dangling from his fingertips as he rolled his hips in sensual circles against her.
The bathroom was sparsely in use when he walked in. He ducked into the first stall he saw open and took a second to just breathe. He couldn't unclench his jaw, but his body felt a little more secure. He was still floating somewhere outside of it, but it wasn't as bad in this smaller space where he could press his back against the stall door and dig his feet into the ground.
Dean rolled his eyes again and his cock went a little softer as the boy thrusted up, stilled, and came into the condom. Dean pulled off and slid off of the bed, pulling his boxers up and allowing his cock to go completely soft. He can hear the chatter from the party downstairs, the music on full blast and the cheers from whatever party game they're playing.
"I know you Dean Winchester, something is upsetting you and if you don't tell me what it is, I will give you the silent treatment until you do," Charlie crossed her arms over his chest firmly.
"So?" He asked, flicking his eyes between the. Benny had a similar smirk on his lips, but it faltered a bit with the furrow of his eyebrows.
A bad, terrible idea that turns into a text that turns into Castiel Novak in Dean's bedroom sometime past midnight.
"Need a light?" His breath hitched before he even looked up. Her eyes were soft and dim in the faint light of the alley.
"Do you want to get dressed so we can go to the hospital?" Cas asked, peering at Dean over his shoulder.
"Castiel!" Lisa shouted after her. Cas rolled her eyes, walking as fast as she could to her third period.
Dean pulled into their driveway with a smile on his face and an excited bubble in his stomach. He checked his hair in the mirror and popped a piece of gum into his mouth before killing the engine. Jack unbuckled himself and jumped out of his seat, bouncing on his toes the entire way to the door.
"Stop," the voice was unfamiliar and rough. Dean opened his eyes and they widened as he watched the shaggy haired boy press a gun to the back of Meg's head. There was a blonde beside him, the same blonde at the place where Cas was shot.
"Eh, I wouldn't mind," Benny raised an eyebrow, his face nonplussed but his eyes shining with the offer.
"Yeah, that's what everyone else is saying too," he took another drag, trying desperately not to look her in the eyes again, in fear that he won't be able to look away.
above him smacks his ass. It's less of a smack than it is a pat, an unsure, soft pat that has Dean rolling his eyes. The boy takes the eye roll as a sign of pleasure instead of annoyed frustration, smirking like he has something to be proud of. It was hard enough to find guys that would top Dean, the star basketball player that he is, everyone expects him to be the dominant one in bed, so when he got guys interested in topping, they turned out like this.
Dean opens his eyes slowly, blinking against the bright hospital lights. He blinks a few times to adjust, then slowly starts taking in his surroundings. There's someone holding his hand and when he looks down, Sam is squeezing his fingers around Dean's hand. His head is beside Dean's hip, face buried in the bed to muffle the little sobs he seemingly couldn't control.
"I'll trade ya," her voice was just as he remembered it, if not a little deeper, she had probably been drinking, her voice dropped a little when she drank champagne. It took him a second to realize that Castiel was gesturing at the pack of cigarettes sticking out of his pants pocket. He probably looked like such a mess, with his clothes ruffled from searching them, his button up slightly yanked out of the waist of his slacks. He shut his mouth and swallowed hard as he pulled the pack out and offered them to her. Cas took them with a soft smile, taking one stick and handing it back. He didn't dare touch her, even though he wanted to. There was a guilty feeling creeping up his spine with how badly he wanted to touch. She lit hers first then offered him the lighter. The smoke seeped past her lips in smooth clouds, twisting and disappearing in the air above her. The lighter was warm from her purse, and he would bet anything that it smelled like Peach gum.
"What, Dean? What do you want?" He asked, voice deeper than before. He dove right back down, his tongue sliding inside of him, reclaiming its spot, lapping, flicking, fucking.
Alright y'all, this is where we start giving our very sensistive author (aka me) some slack for the CPS stuff. I tried my best, Google doesn't exactly take scenarios, ya know? Anyways, I hope you enjoy :)
"Having fun?" His breath left his lungs with a stuttered gasp. He didn't try to turn around just yet, he gripped the shot glass in his hand and shrugged.
"Yeah well I've been pretty busy," Dean said with a little shrug. There weren't many people around anymore, all of them either in the parking lot or at Lisa Braeden's house already for the post-game party.
"You were such a good boy tonight, ate all of your food," she dragged the material of his hoodie up, taking his shirt with it. "Cleared everyone's plates," she guided his arms up and slipped his hoodie and tee shirt over his head. "Packed up all the leftovers," his eyes fluttered as she ran her palms over his chest. "So polite, so well behaved," she praised, her fingers teasing at the waistband of his jeans. "Hmm, such a good boy," she whispered. He whined again when she pulled away, a little smirk on her lips. She hooked two fingers into one of the loops on his jeans and tugged him along as she started down the hall. She led the way into their bedroom, shutting the door with a soft click and releasing his pants.
"Slow down, baby," Castiel gripped his hips with both hands, leaving his neck cold, guiding him into a slow, filthy grind that had Dean's head thumping back against the wall. Castiel swiveled his own hips, sliding his thigh up and down between Dean's legs. "There you go, good boy. So good for me." Dean whimpered, wishing he had taken the time to take his pants off beforehand, it wasn't enough with all of the layers between them. He whined, digging his hips down harder, gripping Castiel's waist to try and pull him in closer. Castiel chuckled against his cheek, Dean could feel his smirk on his skin.
"Meaning that's not what you're afraid of. So what is it?" There it is again. She's too good at reading him. He sighed softly, flicking the ash burning tip of the cigarette.
"Okay," Castiel mumbled mostly to himself as he slipped his fingers out to dig around in his pants pocket. Dean picked his head up to watch as Castiel pulled a packet of lube from his jeans.
"We should make the sugar popcorn for papa, that's his favorite right?" Jack asked as Dean unlocked the door.
"Maybe," Cas sent him a wink before slipped back into the bus and slid the window back up. She caught Lisa watching her, shaking her head when the other girl ducked her head to pretend like she wasn't just staring. Cas rolled her eyes as she sat back in her seat, smiling disbelievingly as the cup of coffee in her hands. She put her headphones in and turned her volume up as she sipped her coffee.
"Please, please, no, Michael please!" Dean shouted as the man spread lube over his gloved fingers. He was studiously ignored and Meg watched with the brightest smile as Michael went behind Dean. Dean squeezed his eyes shut at the first cold, dutiful touch.
"Then why'd you pick him if you knew I liked him? Why couldn't you have picked someone else?" Lisa countered.
"Absolutely," Dean nodded hastily, pulling Cas along faster towards the apartment door, reaching for his keys. Cas pressed himself against Deans back, kissing at his neck, sucking at the sensitive spot behind his ear and smirking when Dean fumbled with his keys. When Dean finally got the door open, Cas pushed him inside, kicking it closed with his foot. He stepped away to lock it as he simultaneously kicked off his shoes. Dean dropped his keys into the bowl beside the door, peeled off his coat, and threw his arms around Castiel's neck. Their tongues tasted like red wine and the chocolate cake they shared for dessert ("how do they not have pie? This is pratically a fellony, should we sue for emotional distress?-
Castiel's clothes joined Deans on the floor and grabbed the lube from the nightstand before climbing onto the bed between Deans legs. He sat back on his heels, guiding Dean's legs open, pressing little kisses along his thighs until he was impatiently wiggling. Deans head fell back with a sigh when Castiel pressed one finger into him, the slide smooth. When Cas pressed a second finger into him, he simultaneously pressed his thumb onto his perineum, making Deans hips buck. Castiel slid his free arm under Dean's thigh, sliding over his hip and pressing his hand against his stomach to keep him down.
"Mm, I hope so, a full 24 hours away from my devastatingly handsome and still incredibly flexible husband?" Dean leaned in close, his lips ghosting over Cas'. "Unfathomable," he whispered with a smile. Cas hummed, leaning in the rest of the way, pressing his mouth firmly against his husbands. He tightened his grip in the mans hair, savoring the taste of him.
"Seriously though, you look like you're having a bad day. Your eyebrows are doing that thing," Dean said, running a thumb over her forehead.
"Meg Masters is a spunky brunette who Castiel was best friends with in college. It's funny though, because I've maybe heard her name twice before. It took her five minutes in a room with him to get him out of bed. You know what my running time is? Three hours. I have spent three hours by that damn bed bargaining and begging Cas to get up." Dean was angry again. Dean was a lot of things, too many things. There were too many emotions running rampant in his head, none of which he particularly wanted to deal with.
"What can I do? I can't just sit and do nothing," Dean said, something eager and helpless trickling into his tone. Ash shook his head, sighing at the mountain papers surrounding them.
Dean woke with a start, his heart racing and his forehead clammy with sweat. He looks around, trying to figure out what woke him, but all he sees is darkness and the opening title to Frozen 2.
"Mm, you're not my type," someone said, a finger running over Dean's chest. His angry shout was muffled by his gag and someone else chuckled.
"I've been corresponding but this is sensitive shit Dean, it needs to be done carefully so Chuck doesn't get away," he said.
"Let's go inside, I can feel Claire bargaining with Judy for another slice of pie," Castiel laughed softly to cover up how much he wanted to cry out of pure joy.
"No!" Dean took his hand away from his face, shaking his head adamantly. "No, I just don't... I don't think Meg was entirely wrong," he whispered.
Two weeks, not a single Castiel sighting and not a single text. Not even when Dean sent another picture of him in panties- jade and satin- absolute radio silence. He'd stopped himself multiple times from asking Castiel where he was, afraid that he'd seem desperate or needy, even though he really is. Mostly he's just concerned. He has no idea where his-sort-of-boyfriend, sort-of-friends-with-benefits, sort-of-
Dean had spent almost an entire hour fixing the lighting, fixing his bulge to fit neatly inside the panties, fixing his mirror, fixing his position on the floor. He'd ended up with a perfect picture when the sun was almost behind the mountains, golden light streaming over his skin, making him glow. He was sat on the floor, ass on his heels with his knees spread open. He lifted himself up slightly so his thighs flexed, one hand on his inner thigh and the other holding the phone at a good angle. He took a handful of pictures and was surprised at how good he looked in all of them. He knew he was good looking, but his body was something entirely different. He'd never loved his body more than when he was looking at that picture.
"It's your day," cas gestured down at his outfit with a smile, that really did make Dean roll his eyes. "So, I'm treating you to dinner. Wherever you want to go, my treat."
"Let's be glad that's not the case," Miranda shared in his laughter. Cas opened his mouth to respond but the car screen lit up with a phone call and Miranda smiled affectionately. "Speak of the devil," she said before answering. "Hi handsome."
"I brought you some lube too, and you bet your cute little ass that I'm coming back later for the details," Meg said
"You will never live in that world, doll." And he kissed him slowly, trying to emphasize his words with his kiss.
"I'm too impatient for the dancing around, it's why I've never been too good with relationships. They like the chase and I can't think of anything more boring than acting like you don't want someone when it's clear that you do," almost as if proving his point, Castiel pressed his hand against Dean's stomach and pulled him back. Dean let his head fall back with a whimper as Castiel's bulge pressed into his ass, the line of his cock prominent through both of their jeans. "Do you want me, Dean? Or should I leave you alone?" His hands fell from Dean's body and he could think of nothing worse than being left alone when Castiel was right there. He twisted around and gripped Castiel's tee shirt, keeping him close. Dean was vaguely aware of the people staring at them now, but he refused to look away from Castiel's face. It was very lightly bruised, a ring of purple around his eyes, a scab over his left cheekbone, and a quarter shaped bruise at his jaw.
"Missed you. Missed you so much, I tried so hard to remember how you tasted. Got a dildo I could suck when I missed you. Got quite good." To prove his point, he sinks his mouth down on Cas' cock, taking him down until his nose was nestled in his pubes.
"Then we better get in the shower, we only have thirty minutes," Castiel said, patting Dean's ass before grabbing the plate off of his stomach.
Dean's head fell forward, his chin at his chest as he watched Castiel's hands guide his hips up and down. His stomach clenched and his thighs shook as he came, spilling over Castiel's stomach. Castiel grunted, pulling Dean down hard, holding him down as he fucked up into him, releasing inside of him. Dean let his head fall back with a pleased hum. His absolute favorite part of their arrangement was feeling Castiel inside of him, buried deep as he filled him up. The look in his eyes was always a little bit wild and possessive. His hands always tightened on Dean's waist, always enough to bruise, and usually Dean could look down and see the purpling outline of Castiel's fingers.
"Baking!" Jack excitedly grinned, flour dotting his cheeks and completely coating his hands all the way up to his elbows.
"I'm sorry, kid, it's not my business to share. You know what Castiel wants you to know: nothing," Ash squeezed his shoulder with another tight smile that Dean assumed is supposed to be akin to sympathy. Dean wanted to protest, wanted to demand that Ash tell him what was on the hard drive, or demand to know what the hell those pictures are, but most of all he wanted to know if Castiel was okay. He took a deep, steadying breath, and stepped back to the door, trusting Castiel.
"I think there is," he whispered, catching Castiel's eyes. His voice lowers to a whisper, "that world is dull and full of longing and I thank whatever God is out there, every day, that I don't live in that world." Castiel brings a hand up to cup Dean's cheek, and he leans in until their lips are just ghosting one another's.
He brought it up and took a long swig as Sam asked, "what the hell?" He gave a stiff nod, smacking his lips before taking another long gulp.
"Where are you going?" Cas asked from across the table. He and Meg had been in deep conversation about whatever show they were watching. Something with doctors and a soap drama type plot. Dean couldn't keep up if he tried.
"My point is," Dean said with a pointed look, "Cas is a really great guy and for some reason he likes to spend his time with me, in my shitty apartment, and he's nice enough to pack my damn lunch. Plus, he's great in the sack," he smirks. He doesn't mention that Cas is the only person on planet earth that Dean is comfortable sharing his every thought with without fear of being judged. He doesn't mention that when he is with Cas, the world doesn't feel as though it's caving in. He doesn't mention that before Cas, he was underweight for his height and age, and he had almost lost it when Cas praised him for looking healthier. No, he doesn't mention that, that's just for him.
"Jeez ash, have you left this room at all?" Dean asked, looking around at the mess of documents, files, and photographs.
"I know," he whispered. The drive was quiet except for the low volume of the radio. Jack fell asleep on the way, so Dean carried the car seat inside and they sat it down on the floor and sank down with their backs to the door, staring at him as he breathed. Dean held Castiel's hand in his lap, leaning his head against his shoulder with a tired sigh. It wasn't even 1pm and he was exhausted.
"Cas," she said firmly. Cas took a slow, deep breath, before following her direction. He pulled up his voice memos, hit record, and held the phone up near Miranda's mouth.
"Hi there, how can I help you?" A blonde, wide smiling, nurse greets them when they walk in, and Dean holds Jack tightly as Castiel explains their situation. Her smile falters as she flicks her eyes over to Dean, a sympathetic smile on her face.
He gulps down breaths of air, Peach and the phantom hint of firewood. He circles his hips, clenching his hands down into the sheets to keep them above his head. His thighs spread a bit further and he loses the rhythm a bit, the friction so, so good.
So, Dean pulled himself out of the bed, shoved his pants on, gathered the rest of his clothes, and walked across the hall to the bathroom. He bent himself over the sink, pressed three fingers into his hole, and stroked himself until he came into his hand with a shudder. It was the most shameful orgasm of his life, and he could almost see Charlie's sympathetic smile as he was pulling his pants back up.
"Did it feel good?" She asked as she sat back on her heels and started unbuttoning his jeans. Dean swallowed, watching her with heavy lidded eyes, trying not to wiggle his hips as she teased his zipper down at an excruciatingly slow pace.
"I don't know, all I know is that I have a handsome husband and an adorable little girl at home that I cannot wait to get back to," she smiled, the kind of smile that was so genuine and full of love that it was contagious and Cas found himself smiling too.
"Why do you care? We're practically mortal enemies, Dean. Just go prance along with all of your ten thousand friends, being the cool bisexual jock, and leave the weird stoner kid to blaze up in the stairwell. Let's just fit our stereotypes nice and tidy okay?" Castiel looked up, their left eye slightly swollen, eyebrow split and dripping blood.
Dean was coming down from an adrenaline high after the basketball team won against the other high school, jogging lightly towards the locker room. He was stopped by a hand around his wrist, pulling him back, making him stumble slightly. When he looked up, the boy from the party was smiling cockily at him, his hand still around his wrist.
Castiel came back a minute later with a glass half full of orange juice and a straw. He had Dean sit up and drink the whole thing before he let him lay back down.
"You can't be mad at me while I'm injured, plus I technically didn't lie. Cas isn't a bad guy, he was just raised by one," he argued, swallowing around a dry throat. Sam jumped up and handed him a bottle of water. Dean smiled, gently patting Sam's shoulder as he accepted the bottle. He took a few slow sips before handing it back. Then he looked to Cas and squeezed his hand.
"Dude, Castiel was onstage for thirty minutes and the entire time you looked like you could actually breathe. I saw the effect she still has on you, so you want to talk about it or do you want me to pretend I didn't see it?" He asked. Dean sighed, swallowing as he turned his body towards Sam, feeling too vulnerable in the fact that he is so easy for the people around him to read.
"Dean, there's nothing we can do except everything they tell us to do. Okay? Just breathe," Cas squeezed his shoulder, guiding Dean through two deep breathed.
"I asked what we should do for dinner. Sam and Jess wanted to check out that Italian place downtown, but I know you're a bit wiped from the event and the song writing, so I suggested we just do dinner here," she said.
"Okay, well I'll bring you a keychain or something," she smiled, throwing Cas a peace sign before opening the door. "Oh! Well hello there," Cas glanced up when Charlie greeted someone at the door. "Well, I was just on my way out, you have fun," there was a clear smirk in her voice and Castiel heard the door shut and a pair of feet a second before she saw Dean enter the room.
"Don't you dare muffle those pretty sounds," Castiel warned, holding Dean up with one hand in his hair and the other splayed out on his stomach. "When I'm done, I want everyone on this floor to know what a good little slut you are for me. I want them to know how good I fucked
of their guys, they'll know something is up. They watched Meg pull that little stunt in your house, they heard what she said."
"Ah, ah, daddy Chuck has plans for me doesn't he?" He said, licking his lips. He could see the man's nostrils flare from where he stood, his friend at his side clutching his shoulder, trying to keep as much of his blood inside of it as he could. The man's eyes subtly flicked over Dean's shoulder and he spun around, raising his gun. A knife was lowered and it sliced down on his forearm, making him stutter. A punch was thrown to his nose and he reeled back as his gun was knocked from his grip. He gathered his bearings quickly poising himself for a fight. The man from behind him slammed his gun between deans shoulder blades, sending him forward into Meg, who gripped his head and yanked him down into her knee. He was sent to the floor in a flurry of pain, his hands twisted and pressed down to his middle back, a knee settled on top of them. Dean struggled to twist his head towards the confident, authoritative set of footsteps. Dean scowled when Chuck bent down and tilted his head at Dean.
"I love you." Dean tilted his head into the kiss, stealing one more before Cas pulled away fully with a soft laugh.
She looks almost the same. Four years later and she is just as beautiful. Her black hair fell down to her shoulder blades, pinned back because she hates it in her face, naturally wavy with a little product. Her eyes still make his heart stutter, worsened tonight but the shock and the guilt. They peer into him, reading his every thought, understanding his every emotion before he even feels them. He can’t bring himself to look away, all he can do is hope that he doesn’t look as shocked as he feels.
"Yes, because an empty room full of eighth graders won't be suspicious at all," Cas rolled his eyes with a fond smile as he fought his way out of deans grip. Dean groaned, rolling onto his side so he could prop himself up on his elbow and watch Castiel start to get dressed. Cas had fought for a pride week at the middle school, so he was wearing the colors of different flags on each day. Today was the bisexual flag, so he had on blue denim jeans, a pink shirt, and a purple belt. It looked atrocious but somehow he pulled it off. He wore a pin of the flag on his shirt, three threaded bracelets of each color, and the black and white converse he wore every day.
"Alright," Dean took another deep breath. "I've been seeing Castiel Novak." Charlie's eyes widened and she opened her mouth with an inhale of breath but managed to bite her tongue and nod for him to keep going, even though she looked like she wanted to scream. "It started over three months ago. He gave me his number, I texted him to come over, we slept together and I thought that would be that. It wasn't, obviously." Charlie rolled her eyes and shrugged as if repeating
"He gave you the ticket last Friday, it's been right here all week." Dean walked over to the door, where the admission ticket was taped.
"Yeah, he has a terrible rash, Cas. I," he stuttered, his throat closing. "I know she said she could afford much but this is just fucking neglect," he choked.
"I love you too, Cas," Dean whispered between breathless kisses. Castiel sniffled as he pulled away, holding the photo album tightly against his chest.
"Aren't you guys going to Florida this weekend?" Charlie asked, drawing Dean's attention away from all of the strangers surrounding them. The question was directed at Sam, who was sipping casually from a glass of champagne. Dean's not sure where he got it or when.
There he goes again. Lisa interrupted the zen he had created with Lena and Charlie, now all he can think about is the differences between Lisa's touch and Castiel's. There were a lot of differences, too many for Dean to think about right now. He wondered what Castiel's mouth tasted like. Lisa's, beyond the vodka tasted weirdly of grass, not a terrible taste, just earthy. All Dean had tasted on Castiel's tongue was himself. Salty and a little sweet. Dean shivered at the thought, and he could feel Lisa smirk against his mouth like the reaction was for her.
"Okay, don't move," she pulled back and reached into the box again, pulling out two leather cuffs and a set of chains. There were two small compartments on either side of the headboard that concealed loop hooks. Dean had blushed the entire time while he was inserting them and she teased him mercilessly for it.
"Give it to me, baby." Dean gasped as another orgasm was ripped from him, his stomach clenching over and over as he spilled between them. Castiel smiled against his lips, pumping his fingers slowly until Dean pushed him away with a sensitive little whimper. Cas leaned up, biting his lip as he took Dean in, completely fucked out with an exhausted look on his reddened face, cum and saliva cooling on his belly, hole puffy and red and leaking.
"Say it," Castiel whispered, his hips pausing entirely. Dean cried out softly, his chest heaving. "Say it, Dean, tell me how my little slut wants me to fuck him harder," Cas said, his hand sliding up to Dean's neck, fingers settling lightly around his throat. Dean took a shaky breath, his teary eyes fixed on Castiel's hard, unrelenting gaze.
When he came to, Chuck was grinning maniacally. "Wow! Look at how tough you are! Gosh, I'm really having fun now, but you're bleeding all over my floor. That's not very nice, Dean," Chuck hummed, rounding Dean as he gently caressed his thighs. Dean tried his hardest not to react as Chuck ran his hand over his ass.
"I want to take you apart but fuck," he bit down on Dean's jaw, grinding harder, "I missed you so damn much."
"It's the doorbell," he said. Dean whined as Castiel stood up, Dean falling to the bed. Cas grabbed a pair of sweatpants from the laundry basket and slipped them on before shuffling out of the room. Dean followed him with his eyes and laid back with a groan as soon as he was out of sight. He pulled the blankets over his head, waiting for Cas to come back. It was probably just a package, Dean was waiting for a car part and Castiel was always ordering books or supplies for the kids in his class. Dean just hopes it has nothing to do with glitter this time.
"Lube," Castiel didn't put it as a question, so Dean didn't take it as one. He scrambled to his bedside table, reaching inside and clumsily taking the lube out. He dropped it twice before it reached Castiel's hands, blushing fiercely at the amused smile on the other boy's face. Dean struggled to settle back down, slowly relaxing with his thighs spread completely open around Castiel. Around the brilliantly beautiful boy with mysterious scars marring his tanned skin. Castiel allowed Dean to study him as he slipped off of the bed and unbuttoned his pants. His eyes didn't leave Dean's, his head tilting a bit as he peeled his jeans and boxers off. Deans gaze fell from the scars to Castiel's lap, only managing a small peek before he was climbing back between Dean's legs. Dean tried to steady his breathing as he heard the flick of the lube cap.
"Castiel, Cas, please," his forearm was wet with how hard he was breathing, Castiel's tongue mapping out every inch of Dean inside, finding every single spot that made his thighs shake.
"Yes," he pulled Dean back up to his feet, grabbed the front of his shirt, and smashed their lips together. Dean couldn't stop smiling as he slipped the ring onto Castiel's finger.
"Everything the FBI would need to take Chuck and his entire empire down. I'm talking usernames and passwords, bank accounts
"What are you doing here?" He asked, jaw clenching. Meg didn't look up at him as she flipped to another page, sighing.
"Why not?" The frustration in her tone is making his teeth grind, "Just say what you're not saying, Dean!" She throws her hands up.
"Don't worry about Chuck, I already dealt with him," Castiel said as he carried Dean out of the house.
"I'm talking about the massive hickey I caught a glimpse of the other day. We don't have to talk about who it is, I just want to make sure you're being safe and looking out for yourself," Bobby said. Dean took a second before responding, working on the engine in a familiar groove that he was comfortable with while in the midst of an uncomfortable conversation.
I might do some timestamps in the future, when I have more downtime to write. Maybe of Dean reconnecting with Charlie. Otherwise, this is it, thanks for the love <3
"What... What does that mean?" She asked in a whisper. Dean swallowed down the lump in his throat as he sat back down, placing his hands in his hair. The room was silent for a second as he regained control of his tongue.
"It's Saturday, turn your alarm off," he grumbled, turning to cuddle into Cas' chest. Cas groaned beneath him, patting his back.
"Thanks," he muttered before lighting his own cigarette. Castiel smiled at him without responding verbally. The color of her lipstick stuck to the cigarette as she pulled it out of her mouth, her chest rising as she inhaled, then sinking as she pushed the smoke out.
"Hey, doll." His heart empties the nervous energy and refills with that thrilling excitement he had been feeling all year when he got that first unknown call. His shoulders sag a bit as Castiel comes into view from behind the wall. Dean throws himself at the man, broader, hands bigger on Dean's waist. Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel's shoulders and buried his face in the man's neck, gulping in the smell of him with greedy inhales. Castiel chuckled, but his arms went around Dean's waist and he squeezed like Dean could disappear if he didn't hold on tight enough.
Dean was tempted to call Castiel, but there was always a little voice in the back of his head that told him that he didn't do the calling. Castiel did the calling and Dean did the chasing. That voice grew louder and louder each day, slowly swallowing the voice that said all the nice things like 'you're the only one he wants' and 'he said it himself, you're his'. That other, nasty voice is starting to argue, 'he never said he was yours'.
She hooked chains onto the loops then onto the cuffs, testing the slack of them. Deans elbows rested at head level, his arms could comfortably rest on the bed, but they could go no lower than his head. He tested his own strength against them, making sure the cuffs couldn't slip past his wrists, then gave her a nod.
Dean relaxed in his seat as he grabbed the brown paper bag and peered inside again. A little smiled stretched across his face as he pulled out a sandwich bag full of grape tomatoes and cut up cucumber. There a note attached that read,
"He's not a criminal or anything, is he? I don't need you wrapped up with the law," Bobby raised an eyebrow.
"Yeah," he said, trying for nonchalance as his skin begged him to turn around and seek shelter. There was a gravelly chuckle somewhere near his neck, a warm breath floating by his ear.
He made sure the ringer was on before sliding his phone back into his pocket. The microwave beeped it's completion, so Dean steeled himself before walking back out to the living room. He sat on the couch with Jack's head in his lap, his fingers running up and down his arm.
build," he rolled his eyes as he turned in Deans arms. "Are you kidding?" He wrapped his arms around Dean's shoulders and kissed him softly. "I love it. You did such an amazing job, I can't believe you built this," he whispered.
"He's in the living room with Meg, cracking up at something on the tv. They've done all kinds of things." Bitterness was seeping into his tone and he honestly couldn't care less. "They went to the mall, they went to the Aquarium, they even went to a fucking bar last night. Meg has done more with my husband in the past two days than I've done with him in 2 years. And was I invited to any of these outings? Nope. I-" Dean looses his breath for a moment, cutting himself off with a gasping inhale. "Sam, what was I doing wrong?" His voice turns to a whisper as an unbearable heat filled his eyes. "What
Castiel is better with stories and sleepy time. He'll lay Jack on his chest, skin to skin, and breathe as evenly as he can while reading a book. Jack goes instantly still when Cas starts to speak, like a switch goes off and he's boneless. Dean watches in amazement most nights, when Jack is fussy and hates everything and doesn't like skin to skin contact with Dean, he'll go quiet in Castiel's arms, just rest against his skin and breathe.
"I know, baby," she assured, pressing once more on the plug before settling her hands by her thighs. She licked her lips and gently smoothed over his stomach before she began bouncing on him. Dean had tears in his eyes as soon as she started her relentless pace, rising up and dropping down hard. She pinched and flicked his nipples, occasionally reaching back to tease at his plug. Dean gasped and moaned, his hips unbearably still, his eyes glued on her.
Dean sighed when he put the impala into park, gently skimming his hands over the steering wheel. He was grateful that he'd finally made it, but it was a bitter victory when all of the memories came crashing back, a reality before his eyes instead of memories inside of nightmares.
"I understand, you've been on a break for about a year, right?" She asked. He looked up again, his cigarette pausing halfway to his lips.
"Alright, start talking. Why is Meg afraid of you and what did Castiel literally probably die protecting?" Dean asked, crossing his arms over his chest. Ash picked up one piece of paper amidst the mess of everything else and handed it to Dean. It was a photograph of a young girl, maybe ten years old with dirty blonde hair, looking at the camera with terror in her eyes. Just her face was in the picture, smudged with dirt.
"Hush, we'll shower in a bit," he said, pulling Dean down to lay against his chest. Dean grabbed the plate of pie and set it on Castiel's stomach, picking up one of the cherries and popping it onto his tongue with a satisfied smile. Castiel watched with raised eyebrows, rolling his eyes when Dean dramatically licked his fingers.
Dean shakes his head and grits his teeth, trying to focus all of his attention on his textbook. It had been over a week since that night, over a week since he has even seen Castiel, and all he can do is try to remind himself that he is not a 13 year old girl
Thank you so much for reading, as always Kudos and comments are welcome and appreciated. I hope you liked this chapter and I hope you stick around for more :)
"I didn't want to assume you'd just have sex with me," Dean threw his hands up. Castiel let her head fall back for a second before she sat up and grabbed her phone from the bedside table. She held a finger up when Dean gave her a questioning look. She shook her head and glared at him as she held her phone to her ear, listening to it ring.
"I should get going, I gotta feed the dogs," Benny grunted as he rolled off of the couch, stretching his arms over his head with a dramatic groan.
There are tears in his eyes when he pulls his face out of the mattress, accompanied with a deep feeling of shame and guilt when he rises onto his knees, his boxers soaked and the gum completely crushed. He couldn't stop the tears if he tries, and he barely wants to.
"Can you keep these here for me?" He asked, his nose dragging against Dean's cheek. It takes him a second to answer because all he can think about now, with Castiel's lips so close to his, is the fact that they haven't kissed yet.
"Step away from him Michael," the blonde said, pointing a gun in their direction. Michael's touch slowly left Dean's body and the blonde advanced forward. He kicked the cart out of the way and pulled a pair of handcuffs from his back pocket. He bound Michael's hands, then started working Dean's restraints off. Dean fell with a pained grunt. The blonde carefully lowered Dean to the ground, cautious of his wounds.
"Ok, ok, you worry wart," she chuckled as she slowed the car, turning to the side of the road. "Ah!" She shouted, the car jerking as her foot pressed down in the gas petal. Cas slapped his hand against the dashboard to steady himself. A car swooshed past theirs as Miranda straightened the car.
"Way to ruin the moment, Winchester," Castiel teased as they moved around Dean to pick up their glasses. Dean rolled his eyes, gripping Cas' hips and pressing them back against the wall, connecting their lips again. Cas made a startled noise that made their lips part and Dean sucked their bottom lip between his own, gently dragging his teeth over it as he pulled away.
"Yes you do," Lisa insisted, her mouth twisting up. "You knew I liked Dean and you made a show in front of the entire cafeteria."
"Yes, we will all watch a movie later." Castiel returned his smile and Dean just about fell to his knees.
"Of course. Come on," he spread his legs and laid his jacket down on the grass, guiding her down onto it, smoothing her skirt down as she got comfortable. She pillowed her head on his thigh, his other leg pressed to her back. He draped her jacket over her shoulders and brushed his fingers through her hair. "My friend Benny went off campus for lunch, I'll have him pick you up a coffee."
"Dad, look!" Jack held up a new pair of drumsticks, and Dean looked at Sam with a sarcastically wide smile.
"Maybe. I mean, if it was one of Chuck's buddies that shot Cas, that makes more sense than a deal gone wrong. No one is as good as Cas," Ash said.
"Miranda!" Cas shouted, taking hold of the wheel with his left hand, keeping it from going over the side of the road.
"Well Castiel of course," Meg put the magazine down and clicked her tongue as she stood. "What a shame that such a useful little player was knocked down by such a tiny little bullet." She held her gun up and ran her finger over the slide, tapping a nail against it. Dean took a step towards the bed, a subtle slide of his feet. "Michael really had to dig in there to get the bullet out, and Castiel screamed and screamed, it was a little pathetic," she giggled manically as she tapped the hammer of the gun. "Of course I was a little bit sad to see him go, he was such a generous partner in bed, though I'm sure you knew that,
"Castiel! I know you hear me." Cas huffed, widening her steps. She cursed under her breath when Lisa gripped her elbow and forced her to stop.
"Very good, brush it all over the top," Cas instructed, smiling softly as Jack brushed egg wash over the top of a pie crust. Dean smiled softly, leaning against the kitchen entrance. He silently pulled his phone from his pocket and snapped a few pictures before announcing his presence.
"Will do, please don't forget to have your suit dry cleaned. We have that dinner next week and that's your best suit," she leaned over the bed to kiss him before grabbing her purse and leaving the room. Dean huffs a bit at the thought of errands, but surrenders to it. He makes a cup of coffee first, mentally going over the things he has to do. His goal for the day was at least three songs, or at least the bones of three songs. He'll mess around with his guitar for a while, maybe see if one of the boys wants to come over to throw around ideas because they have to officially get together and talk music.
We're getting into the actual plot y'all, I'm almost scared to get into it, I hope it bodes as well as the smut has haha. Anyways, enjoy :)
Dean got a glass of wine thirty minutes in, and it eased the tension in his throat. He kept his hand on Lisa's leg, trying to ground himself in the feel of her, trying not to squeeze too hard even though it was getting harder to anchor himself to her and all he wanted to do was squeeze harder. She gave him a look when his third glass of wine arrived, not judgemental, but definitely warning. Sam was talking about some new book Charlie loaned him, dissecting it with her, and Benny was talking to Lisa about the last speaker that was just on stage. Dean couldn't hear a word of it. He was sinking into his skin, and he was a second away from surrendering to it.
"You want to build a sandcastle with me, daddy?" Jack asked, taking ahold of Dean's hand, his smaller fingers curling around Dean's palm.
"You fuckin' sap," Dean wanted to roll his eyes but he more so didn't want to look away from cas. The man smiled softly, leaning in to press a kiss to Dean's lips.
"You have pretty eyes." Deans eyes squinted because that is surely not what he expected. He expected Castiel to say something like '
They made love again in room 314 that night. Dean had new bruises the next morning that made him feel alive again when he touched them, remembering every squeeze and tug of Castiel's hands. They laid wrapped up in each other arms, gentle fingers tracing healed scars, never retelling the story behind them, just acknowledging their presence, acknowledging their importance.
"Yo, Benson, you got ten more minutes," someone shouted with a few firm knocks to the door. Dean took a steadying breath as he stood and grabbed the gun from the bed. He took one last look at Anna and sighed.
"Yeah, he is," Dean licked his dry lips, his eyes starting to get a little heavy. "He was ex CIA, really paranoid. Taught me to shoot a gun by age seven. Always made sure I was prepared for anything. Most of it stuck I guess. He taught me to always keep tools on me. I had a razor blade, a Bobby pin, and a handcuff key wrapped in duct tape in my shoe. Told me never to freak out. Fear gets you killed." Dean's eyes fluttered shut, the heartbreak settling in again.
"Hell yeah I am, no one messes with you but me," Dean threw his arm over Castiel's shoulders, "and now," he gently cupped their cheek, tilting their head so he could kiss their lips. "If you'll have me, no one kisses you but me," he said, his lips brushing theirs.
"Cas, do you know how this makes the squad look? You're reinforcing a stereotype that we're easy," Abigail said.
"You don't have to be ashamed of falling into a rough patch. People make mistakes and people do bad things, especially when it messes with the chemicals in their brains. If anyone tries to make you feel ashamed for having a hard time, then those aren't the people you want in your corner. I'm glad you told Benny, because now when you go back on the road, you'll have someone looking out for you, who I'm sure won't judge you if you stumble a bit. But, you have to tell him if you get that urge again, if you start falling again," her voice was so soft but so sure and firm.
Hello! Thank you so much for all the love on the first chapter, I really hope you enjoy this chapter just as much :)
"I missed you," Castiel said, grunting as he gripped Dean's thighs and hoisted him up against the wall. Dean wrapped his legs around Castiel's waist, seeking out the man's lips again. They kissed feverishly, teeth scraping and tongues pressing. Deans hips pressed up in search of friction he hasn't felt in years. This time, they didn't find unforgiving air like all the times he was lying in bed, sweating and panting and desperate for a touch he couldn't have. No, now when he pressed up, Castiel was there pressing back. He gripped Dean's ass, shoving his hips into Dean's hard and fast.
"Mhm, just want to be yours," Dean cried out, reaching back to bury his hands in Castiel's hair, his hips desperately pushing back onto his cock.
"Dean?" Castiel’s voice is so soft and reassuring that it finally does send him to his knees. The contact with the ground hurts, but he barely feels it behind the relief that washes over him. This feels pathetic, utterly and truly pathetic, but he can't find it in himself to care because he feels lost and Cas is staring down at him.
"She asked about Mandy." Sam smiled sadly. Dean shut his eyes for a second. "I finally put up her photos again, she pointed to the frame and said 'that's my mommy'," he chuckled, eyes reddening with the formation of tears.
"Fuck you," he spat to anyone and everyone around him before another piece of cloth was shoved into his mouth, tied behind his head.
"Don't lie to me, Gabriel. What is it for?" Castiel pushed her wallet back into her pocket, waiting for an honest answer.
Dean was shifting through the toolbox, looking for the wrench Bobby told him to get, when Sam came barreling outside.
"To fuck you," he said, turning his attention back to the door. Dean rolled his eyes. The alcohol was still buzzing in his system, making him less nervous this time.
"Please, please," he doesn't know who he is begging to, but the pleas come tumbling from his lips anyways, a mantra that he can't control. "Please, pl-" a deep whine cuts him off and his hips stutter as his orgasm suddenly washes over him. He stuffs his face into the bed, the gum right beneath his nose, nothing but Peach filling his senses. She's right there when he closes his eyes, praising him, helping him down from his high with gentle hands and soft kisses. It's the best orgasm he has had in months, and the thought alone sends him into a spiral.
"Right," Dean looked down at his tray, trying to figure out what he would normally say. He blinked at his sandwich like it would give him the answer he needed. "I don't know, I just haven't been in the mood lately," he shrugged. He could see Benny and Charlie sharing a look in his peripheral but he didn't look up to see what that look was made of.
"I'm free Friday night past 10, if I get a text with a time and location, I'm all yours." Dean's body sagged against the wall when the warmth of Castiel's body left him.
"She used to top me!" He's yelling it before he can bite his tongue again. Lisa's hands slowly lower back down to her sides, and she's staring at him in confusion again.
"I'm glad I fingered you before dinner," her voice dropped into that sweet, seductive tone that it always does when she has settled into a scene. It makes Dean settle into his own skin. "You were so good, sitting there with a plug in, in front of all of our friends. You never safeworded so I assume you enjoyed yourself," she kissed down his chest, her tongue sliding around one nipple, her teeth following. He gasped, pressing his chest up against her mouth. "How did it feel, baby? Did it feel good?" Dean opened his eyes a little wider, trying to focus as her knee pressed against his crotch again. The chains jangled as he tugged at them, he knew the cuffs were a good decision. It was instinct to try and grip onto her thigh, try to gain leverage so he could hump against her as he so desperately wanted to.
"Cosmopolitan," he said with a wide smile, "and you can't make fun of me because I made you come," he said, lightly kissing her lips.
"I'm so sorry Anna." Dean gently laid her down and walked to the closet, grabbing the first shirt her found and a pair of sweatpants. He dressed her quickly, his eyes continuously flicking to the door. He picked her up and set her down on the rocking chair by the window then returned to the man on the bed. He rolled him over, struggling to get him further up the bed. Where Anna's wrist were just restrained, Dean secured the mans wrists, wrapping the gag around his head and buckling it into place.
"Okay, okay, don't say it," Dean laughed, rolling his eyes fondly as Charlie let her shoulders fall again. "I'll ask Bobby if I can go. Happy?" He said.
"You barely even look at him, you keep his son away from him all day, you throw Amy in his face like it's nothing, you waited almost a full minute to say that you loved him back. I mean, how is he supposed to recover in this environment?" She asked. Dean was so overcome with anger that he immediately started shaking. His knees were on the verge of buckling and his face was filled with so much heat that his temples started to ache.
"Oh trust me, I won't" he doesn't wait for the boy's response, just closes the door and shrugs on his jacket as he makes his way back downstairs. There's two girls smoking a joint on the stairs and a group of boys at the end talking about the upcoming basketball game.
"Well she certainly acts like a jealous girlfriend," Cas rolled her eyes as she jabbed her finger into the elevator button.
"Hannah!" His eyes flew open again as that voice shouted, that deep, gravelly voice. Dean sighed with as much relief as he could muster with a gun pointed at his temple. His body sagged a bit as his eyes fell to Castiel's, electric blue and
"You didn't hear?" Charlie asked with a surprised raise of her eyebrows. "His dad totally beat the shit out of him. I mean, Castiel got a lot of good shots in, Mr. Novak looked fucked up when they arrested him. Donna King lives next door to them and she said she didn't know who looked worse, Castiel or Mr. Novak. Do you remember when Castiel smashed up that teacher's car?" Charlie asked.
"Yo Winchester!" One of them thwacks Dean's shoulder. "Tell Keith we're totally going to crush Creek this week"
"Mr. Novak?" The nurse that helped them caught their attention after about twenty minutes. Cas stood up first, approaching the nurse and the doctor she was standing next to.
"It's alright, buddy, I'm just going to change you," Dean said as he carefully unclasped his onesie and moved it up. His diaper was practically falling apart, one of the tabs were unstuck and hanging open. "I bet this was really uncomfortable to sit in, huh?" Deans face twisted down as he removed the overfilled diaper, sucking in a breath at the rash that had built up. Jack started wailing as soon as Dean started wiping him down. "I know, buddy, I'm so sorry. I have to clean it or it's going to get worse," he winced as Jack thrashed. He didn't see any rash cream, so he finished wiping the baby down and put a fresh diaper on him, then carefully maneuvered the onesie off. It was soaked through, so Dean tossed it in the empty trash bag with the diaper. Jack was still crying as Dean put another one of the onesies on him. as soon as he clasped it, he scooped the boy up and held him to his chest, standing up to gently bounce him.
"No. I got out of the car and he freaked out and locked the door. He wouldn't open them until he knew the appointment would be over. He didn't stop crying for the rest of the day." Dean couldn't help the lump of shame sitting in his chest as he retold the events. Sam sighed sharply through his nose.
He doesn't remember falling asleep but when he opens his eyes, it's dark outside. Castiel is still sitting there, her hands still in his hair, her gaze focused on the tv. He shifts slowly, trying not to think about how numb his legs feel.
"You can move and come whenever you want," the words barely left her lips before Dean was bracing his feet on the bed and thrusting his hips up. She gasped as their thrusts met, her hands clenching down a bit on his chest.
He had to pull the bottle away several times so Jack would breathe between gulps. Deans eyes filled with tears as he fed Jack, watching the boy greedily suck from the bottle, his eyes darting around the room.
He laid in bed that night thinking about Castiel and staring at his phone, reading through their previous messages, scrolling through the pictures he'd taken in their hotel room. Most of them were of Castiel being soft and annoyed with Dean after they've fucked. Some were pictures of Dean he'd sent to Castiel when he was feeling greedy for attention and praise. Castiel was always a little rougher after Dean spent a few days teasing him over text.
"I see that," Dean smiled, ruffling the boys hair. "Look at this beautiful mess. You know what a mess means, Jack?"
"Okay, then just come drink with us. Come on, you've been distant all week, do I have to say that I missed you?" Charlie raised her eyebrows threateningly. "Because I will. Dean Winchester," she said his name like a proclamation, puffing her chest up and opening her mouth.
"Look daddy, papas happy." There is so much amazement in Jack's eyes when he points this out to Dean. It feels like a stab to the fucking gut that Castiel is laughing at a tv show Dean has never even heard of before. His husband is crying because he's laughing so hard, smacking Meg because he can't speak, gasping between silent, wheezing laughter.
"Yeah, that sounds nice," cas smiled, nudging their nose against deans, leaning up to kiss his lips again.
He gulped down the air with needy satisfaction, walking a few steps away from the door and settling with his back to the wall. His pack of cigarettes was a bit crumpled coming out of the pocket of his slacks, but he saw that none of the sticks were damaged when he pulled one out. He smacked his pockets in search of the lighter, sticking the cigarette between his teeth to free up his hand. He dug into his pants pockets, finding nothing but flimsy, expensive cotton. He grunted in panic as he searched his jacket pockets, almost ripping the inside in his haste to find the lighter that he obviously left at home.
By the time lunch came, cas was ready to just go home. She skipped the lunch line and started for the courtyard, the gym too crowded and too loud for her.
He gulped down his fear, settling his eyes on Meg as Michael leaned in to whisper in her ear. A smirk made her lips curl up and something twinkled in her eyes as she looked back to Dean. She walked to the other side of the room, where there was a waist high metal cart with three drawers. Dean couldn't tilt his head enough to watch what she pulled out, but she was in front of him with a pair of scissors before he could question it.
"Slow, doll, that's it. Don't rush it," Castiel gently stroked his hand through Dean's hair, tugging a bit when he tried to go down too far and gagged. "What did I say?" He pulled Dean all the way off, raising a firm eyebrow. Dean looked up at him with tear stained cheeks, flushed from the tips of ears down to his chest. He blinked dazedly at Castiel, his hand still absently stroking his cock.
"Garth, I need your toothpick arms!" Bobby yelled from somewhere outside in the garage. Garth shot them both finger guns, and Charlie grabbed an apple from the fridge before following them.
"Who cares? It's dumb high school rumors," Castiel rolled her eyes, grunting when she still couldn't find a pen.
"What is even in these things?" Charlie asked with a grimace as she poked the piece of meatloaf on her tray. Dean tuned out the conversation, poking at his sandwich for the rest of the hour.
"Dean, of course I want you. I've always wanted you, I just needed you to be as involved as I was. But, honey, it's you that has someone, not me," she said with a little, sympathetic, tilt of her head.
"Hell yeah you did," she tangled her fingers in his hair and pulled him down for a kiss. "Now take your clothes off," she demanded, shoving him up. He scrambled off of the bed and he fought to get his clothes off of his body, pausing with his fingers hooked in the waistband of his boxers.
"I wouldn't want to be anywhere else." Dean cries a little bit more, then Cas decided that their pity party is over. He grabs two sodas from the fridge, and sets out a piece of paper on the coffee table between them.
Some internal turmoil leaves Dean's nerves on end and his eyes constantly searching for a hint of the man he can't stop thinking about. His weird behavior sparks an interest in Charlie, who Dean finally confesses to.
"Anna is fine. She's being treated on the floor below, they're detoxing her and she's speaking with one of the agents. And the blonde, that's Luke, he's going to be fine. Thankfully." Dean sighed, relaxing back into the bed.
"Hands above your head for me," Castiel said as he set the plate on the bed beside them, his hands settling on Dean's stomach, fingers teasing lightly at his abdomen. Dean stretched his arms above his head, clenching his fingers around the pillows. His stomach muscles contracted as Castiel walked his fingers up his belly to his chest, then slowly dragged back down.
"I love you," Castiel whispered before ducking out of the room. The agent gave them a tight smile, informed them that another agent would be in with them soon, then followed after Castiel. Dean gasped, his breath coming to him in short, jagged pants. He slammed his head back against the pillows and brought his hands up to his face as sobs tore from his throat.
"I don't know for sure. Michael said he didn't make it, but Dean, Michael isn't what I'd call a reliable source. Unless you see that body yourself, Castiel could very well still be alive," Ash rushed to reassure.
"I love you too!" Castiel yelled back before the apartment door shut. Dean smiled to himself as crawled up the bed and buried his face in Castiel's pillow. He breathed in deep, an intoxicatingly warm feeling settling low in his belly. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the warmth for a second before forcing himself to get up.
"Cas," he breathed his name like a prayer. He was pointing a gun at Meg, but she ducked down behind Dean, and he could see Castiel's jaw clenched.
"My face." His voice is wrecked. Castiel grabs Dean's hair with his left hand, and strips his cock with his right. He yanks Dean's head back, making him tilt his face up as he cums, painting Dean's rosy cheeks white. His breath stutters and his head thunks back against the wall as Dean wraps his lips around the head, sucking and milking every last drop onto his tongue. A shiver runs through him when the pleasure turns sensitive. Castiel picks his head off the wall, looking down at Dean, his mouth parted open, his eyes wide and directed up at cas, waiting and longing for instruction. His hands are obediently placed on his thighs, even though his dick is aching behind the confines of his jeans. Cas Swiss his fingers against Dean's face, gathering his own release then pushing it onto Dean's welcoming tongue. The boys eyes flutter shut when he swallows, something content settling on his face.
The hotel parking lot was completely full, so Dean parked across the street and jogged up to the front door with the note and the drive safely tucked into his pocket. The woman at the front desk, who was always there when Dean showed up, look up at him with a familiar smile. She held out the key for him and Dean thanked her with his usual politeness.
"Crowley is nothing but a stoner, I don't need my reputation tainted by rumors saying I was slumming it with stoners," Abigail said.
"Do you like it?" Dean asked nervously once Jack was sound asleep in his new bedroom, the walls a soft blue with a space theme. He wrapped his arms around Cas' waist as they stood in the foyer, the living room the right, the stairs to the left, kitchen directly ahead. Cas leaned his head back with a furrow in his brow.
Cas rolled her eyes and exited out of their messages, clicking on another thread as another message popped up. The message on the top of the screen was from Anna. Castiel pulled it down to read it first.
"Don't freak out. Don't freak out. Don't freak out," he repeated after each exhale. "Focus, Dean." He looked to the passenger seat to see if there was blood on the chair, pausing. There was blood on the seat, not more than a few drops, but there was also something trying to hide in the crease of the chair and the backrest.
"Don't be a dick," Dean laughed, leaning up to catch Cas' lips in a kiss. Their bare skin shifted under the sheets as they pressed themselves closer to each other, enveloping themselves in the others warmth and skin.
"Yeah," Castiel smiled proudly, his fingers tightening around Dean's throat as he snapped his hips again. This time, he didn't stop. He gripped Dean's throat with one hand, his hip with the other, and used his leverage over the boys body to fuck into him with a hard thrust of his hips. Dean gasped, his moans choppy and high, his hands gripping Castiel's wrist, not trying to pull it away, just holding onto it as tight as he could to ground himself. He tried to meet Castiel's thrusts, but he kept a tight hold on his hip, keeping him where he wanted him. Castiel was controlling everything about the situation, and all Dean could do was throw his head back and moan, taking everything he was given and begging for more.
"Woah. Haven't seen this in forever," cas takes the key for room 413 and flips it gently in his hand.
"I'm sorry, buddy," Cas smiled tightly, his eyebrows furrowed down with soft sympathy. "Why don't you talk to Mrs. Talbot about it, maybe she'll have some advice for you."
"Okay, Jack," the name was foreign and stilted on his tongue. "No offense to you, you know? No hard feelings if you're not my kid, I just, you understand right?" He rambled as he slowly lowered himself onto the carpet. Jack wriggled a bit as Dean adjusted him so he could grab the trash back and dump it out. He gently lowered the boy onto the carpet, watching as his little limbs splayed out in a mock stretch as his eyes opened. He had bright green eyes that made Dean's throat close up. He blinked up at him, his calm breath hitching a bit.
Chapter number six, I hope you enjoy, if there is any mistakes please blame the hangover or the exhaustion. Your choice haha. Thank you for the continuous love on this fic, I hope you enjoy this chapter :)
"I'm so scared, Cas. What if I mess something up? With you or with Jack? What if I screw him up?" Dean whispers.
"This is so unfair to you." That is not what Castiel would have expected, but he doesn't let his surprise show. "A baby shows up on my door step and suddenly you have to co-parent with a guy you've only been with for a year. I can't imagine how hard this must be for you. I probably made you feel pressured to stay with me, God, Cas," Dean pulls at his hair as he tried to soften his cries. Cas picks his head up and looks towards Dean with furrowed eyebrows.
"I'm here," he said, voice shaky. "I shared my location with you, it should be a ten minute drive but I would very much appreciate it if you took that as a light suggestion," he said.
"I have an extra shirt in my bag, you dork," Cas kissed him again, slapped his ass, then made his way out of the room.
"When I woke up, I was in Australia with literally nothing on me. It took awhile for me to contact Gabe, then it took forever to get back. By then I was just waiting for the FBI to do something. When Ash told me Chuck had you, I couldn't wait any longer," he said.
"I know how to shoot, Dean. I'm only as good as my teacher you know," Sam said, giving Dean a sarcastic, pointed smile. Dean rolled his eyes, that was fair.
to mouth off at a very dangerous, very pissed off, man? You're lucky I have other plans for you," the man took a breath, his face pulling up into something pleased again. "You are correct though, Castiel is not mine by blood, but I did raise the boy. Maybe I spoiled him too much, you don't know how hard it is to be a parent, there is such a thin line between punishment and reward. I gave Castiel too much freedom, I mean, he snuck off and claimed a dirty little whore off the street even after I gave him Anna," Chuck shook his head.
"Hey, you could borrow Benny for a night," Alfie asks giving an innocently devilish smile, "but only if I can watch."
Castiel rolled her eyes, graciously not reminding the old woman that her husband died five years ago.
Then Castiel took one look at Meg and suddenly his world had color again. Dean is trying so hard not to let that break his heart. Dean is trying to enjoy the fact that Castiel is back to himself, but it's overshadowed by the immense fear that he'll slide right back into bed the moment Meg leaves. And Dean will go back to waiting on him hand and foot, loving instead of helping.
"Jack saved you a bowl of kettle corn. He knows it's your favorite," he said, though he couldn't bring himself to look back. He started up the stairs, trying his hardest not to let his tears fall.
"Whatever," Jack pulled away and stomped back into the house. Castiel sighed heavil, taking the few steps towards Dean until he could wrap his arms around his husbands shoulders.
"Fuck, pet." Dean's throat buzzes with a moan, his eyes fluttering. He pulled off with a soft breath, hand wrapped around the base of Cas' cock, the head resting on his tongue. He closed his mouth for a wet, sloppy kiss to the head before pulling back, stroking.
"It is. I didn't know how you liked it so I brought you a bunch of different kinds of those little creamer things," he held up a small white bag, his cheeks turning pink. Cas bit her lip, stretching her arms through the window to grab the cup and the bag.
"I know she's the one who spoke at the charity event. Her name sounded familiar but I only realized when I saw the old photos in your phone. Is that what this is about? I know you two were pretty serious but that was, what? Three years ago?" She asked.
"Remember Hannah! You lived in Long Beach California. She took you to the beach every weekend because you were always so full of energy and it was right down the street. You loved the water but you liked building sandcastles more because she always sang-"
"You can't stop what? Thinking about her? Have you been seeing her?" There is an accusation hidden in her tone.
"You have juice or anything downstairs? You need to drink something," Castiel asked, his hands running soothingly from Dean's knees down his still trembling thighs.
"Just fucking say that next time," she pulled the cash from her wallet and held it just out of reach. "What are the weed rules?" She raised an eyebrow.
"I love you." Cas wrapped his arm around deans waist, pressing his forehead to the back of his neck, curling around him.
"Yes. We'd like to speak to you about where you'll be placed. As part of witsec you'll need new identities. The sooner we get you out of here, the better," the agent said. Dean forced his eyes open to catch her.
to interact outside of your hookups?" Bobby asked. Dean sighed, abandoning the engine to simply lean against the car, rubbing a rag over his grease coated fingers.
"Your sweet little novio pack your lunch today, amigo?" Garth asked, his entire uniform covered in grease and oil. Dean isn't quite sure how he manages to do that every day, his own uniform is spotted but not nearly as filthy as Garth's. Charlie's uniform is nearly spotless, but Charlie can do practically anything under a car without getting her hands dirty. Dean isn't sure how she does it.
"Maybe that's because I didn't want to push him so I let him stay where he was comfortable. What was I supposed to do? Take him out to get shit faced and then break into a school? Should I have done that before or after tucking Jack into bed? Or maybe bailing after finally agreeing to watch a movie after two years of missing movie night? Should I have quit my job? Been here 24/7 to watch him stare at the wall for hours on end, or not eat a single thing for two days, or flinch at the sound of her name. You've been here a week, Meg, I've been doing this for two years!"
Castiel had been held back a year because of his time spent in juvie, and Dean started school a year later because he had a shitty father, so while he was eighteen, Castiel was nineteen. For the past three months, Dean met Castiel in this hotel room, and when they left this room, they were nothing. Dean would see him at school, Castiel would smirk at him, and they never engaged.
"I like your tattoo," Dean whispered, hesitantly reaching out to touch it. Castiel peered at him from over his shoulder, his face a careful mix of open and closed.
"Yeah, what is with that? It's like these people have never heard of personal space." Cas reached down to the floor and grabbed their bag of gas station snacks they'd picked up for the ride home. He cracked open a red Bull for himself and a Snapple for Miranda, setting them both in the cup holders.
"Are you sure? You haven't seen Amy in quite awhile," he said. Some of the cold darkness returned to Castiel's eyes, his face flickering, like he was stuck between his Meg induced happiness and his old haunted darkness.
This is what he'd been thinking of that night. All he knew of Castiel was his pleasure, was his adoring annoyance when Dean was being bratty. He knew nothing of this, nothing of the awful pain displayed on Megs phone.
"That's enough ladies. Lisa, you do something like that again I'll have to switch you to the back," Coach Harvell warned. Lisa clenched her teeth, but nodded. "Alright. Let's run it again." Cas shook her head, stepping back between the three girls. They started counting again and Cas twisted in the air and landed safely in their arms, continuing onto the flip.
"You need what, baby?" Castiel teased, his fingertips running lightly over Dean's stomach, just beneath his shirt.
"You got it good for someone who once told me 'commitment just isn't my thing, Charles'," she quotes him in a dramatically low voice, "'Its like pie, why would you settle on one flavor of pie for the rest of your life when you can have apple one night and Cherry the next'," she continued, pursing her lips in some form of an impression of him. He shakes his head as he bites into his sandwich.
"Don't worry, we have all the time in the world now," Dean whispered, reaching up to cup Castiel's face, thumbs stroking over his cheekbones. Castiel leaned in and took Dean's lips in another kiss, this one slower, deeper, filled to the brim with relieved longing. Dean broke it first, gasping wetly into Castiel's shoulder as his orgasm made him tremble and jerk with pleasure. He slipped down to the floor, pressing Castiel up against the wall as he worked his jeans down to his knees. He pressed his face into his boxers, sucking the taste of precum from the material before Castiel impatiently tugged them down.
"Not tonight, but you have fun, honeybee." Castiel gave the boy a soft smile, and Jack's face opened with partial shock and partial joy. He ran to his father and gave him a loud kiss to the cheek. Dean looked away, his throat tight with emotion.
"Prove it. Castiel said Dean had a birthmark on his hip," the guy said. Dean carefully lifted his shirt and the light flicked on so the guy could examine him. Dean stayed pressed to the door as the guy drew away, running a hand through grown out, dirty blonde hair. "Sorry about that, just had to be sure. You weren't followed were you?" He asked.
Her knee jerked over Dean's shoulder when he licked over her folds with more pressure. Then he was tonguing at her clit with purpose. He trailed his fingertips lightly up and down the thigh that wasn't propped over his shoulder, a light touch that sent tingles through the rest of her.
"No, I have to get some writing done today or Benny will kill me, you have fun though," he smiled back at her.
"I, wha-what?" Dean stuttered, his body freezing, head swimming to catch up through the bleary haze of lust and desire. Castiel didn't look angry, but there was a gleam in his eyes that Dean couldn't decipher the meaning of.
"So you," Dean couldn't finish his sentence, a lump forming in his throat. Ash reached onto the bed and picked up a folder. Inside was the former identity of Nicolas Peters. A young boy born to Pamela and Doug.
"And I'll probably say it again tomorrow morning, and Friday morning as well, because you deserve to hear it," he kissed Castiel's shoulder and along his back, sliding the collar of his shirt down so he could get his lips on his neck. "I wish I had a teacher like you when I was young and stupid. It took me until I was twenty and in college to realize that being straight isn't "normal" and being anything other than that was okay. I can't imagine how many young boys with shitty, intolerant fathers, are rethinking what's been drilled into them because they have someone like you showing them that it's okay to be who they are," Dean said. Cas stared at him in the mirror, for so long that Dean had to hide his face in his neck because he couldn't handle it. Cas spit the toothpaste from his mouth and set his toothbrush down so he could turn to Dean.
"I'm not sure, buddy," Dean said truthfully. He guided the boy out of the front door, sparing one more glance towards the room. Silence. Darkness.
The room is cold and Dean wants to get under the covers, maybe take his time, just acquaint himself with her, but Lisa is half drunk and impatient. She undresses herself, wiggling her hips and teasing at the waistband of her panties from beneath him. She's waiting for his approval, he can tell, he knows that she's putting on a show for him, so he obliges. He presses heated compliments into her skin, his fingers pressing down against the silky material of her undergarments. They're so soft and warm that it nearly makes his head fuzzy, then she was tugging him up and flipping him over to straddle him. She kisses him hard and messy as she shoves her panties off, pawing at his boxers until he's kicking them down his legs.
"Or what? You'll spank me?" Lisa grins over her shoulder. Her and Jess erupt in laughter, and Dean forces himself to chuckle as his jaw clenches and his stomach turns itself on its side. He hides his emotions a lot better when he walks outside. He masks the discomfort in his steps and he starts talking about the new show he and Lisa have become invested in due to Sam's suggestion. He started ranting about his own thoughts and theories, and Dean threw himself into the conversation head first.
"Yeah," Ash nodded distractedly, staring with furrowed eyebrows at the laptop. Dean turned for the door, his nerves on end and his head cloudy with fear and worry. Goosebumps gathered on his skin as he reached up to move the door stopper out of place. He saluted Ash as he unlocked the deadbolt and pulled the door open. Ash gave him a halfhearted smile, his eyes barely flicking up to Dean before settling on the laptop again. Dean walked out, stuffing his hands into his pockets again as he walked to the stairwell, his fingers grazing over the gun in his waistband.
"Oh, uh, yeah, sorry." Dean moved to the side and opened the door wider so Castiel could walk inside. "My room is just, um, up here," Dean pointedly awkwardly to the stairs. Castiel followed silently, his dirty boots thumping intimidatingly against the wood.
"Fuck Abigail, the only one reinforcing stereotypes here is you. You're pretty, blonde, a cheerleader, and refuse to associate with anyone below you on the high school food chain. Abigail, your mother works at the gas station and her boyfriend is an unlicensed masseuse. Humble yourself," cas slammed her locker and turned on her heels, pen-less and irritated.
"Cuddle me," Lisa sleepily demands, reaching back for him. He rolls over to her, wrapping an arm around her waist. She presses back against him, her bare skin rubbing against his. Before she settles, he slips the blankets between them, barricading his delicate flesh from hers. A tear stains the pillow beneath his head before he finally relaxes enough to sleep.
Dean blinked hard at his notebook, scribbling the last of the notes on the whiteboard as the bell rang. He packed up all of his stuff in a blur of emotionless overthought, then walked out of the class with his elbow hooked around Charlie's. She walked with him to his car, kissed his cheek then left him to get a ride home with Lena.
"Hey Cas, some of us are going down to the pool later, you want to come?" Charlie asked, smiling brightly as she gulped down a bottle of Gatorade.
"Oo, I always love seeing you behind that thing, looking all manly and whatnot," she stood up from the couch and kissed his forehead. "I'll prep the sides like a little housewife, how domestic of us," she laughed. He forced a laugh of his own but his eyes fell shut tiredly. He didn't get up for a few more seconds, just listening to Lisa greeting Jess on the phone as she started pulling things out for a salad. He only knew because she was asking Jess which dressing she should use.
"Because I got to him before I got to you," Castiel said, his face going cold. Dean only nodded, content with that bit of information.
"Okay," he pushed out a breath and steeled himself. "I'm invoking rule number 1 of the friendship code," he said. "I'll tell you everything but you have to wait until I'm done, you can't judge me, and you can't tell anyone," he held out his pinkie and she promptly linked hers with his. They kissed their hands and shook their pinkies once before releasing.
is Meg, but there she still knew that her name is really Hannah Lund." Dean stared down at the photo, his eyes widening as he stared at the terrified brown eyes that would turn out to be so malicious. "Taken from outside of her elementary school in California. Shipped off to New York where Chuck Novak got his hands on her, took a liking towards her and a certain blue eyed boy named Jimmy Shirley," Ash handed him another photograph and all of the air in Dean's lungs fled in a rush.
"I feel like I wasted a lot of time being a dick to you," Dean mumbled softly, directly his words at Cas' chest, where the bright red lines of Dean's fingernails had left the ghost of a trail from Cas' collar down to their stomach. This conversation never came up. Surprisingly. They spent all of their time just being in the present moment, acting almost as different people, meeting for the first time and getting to know each other as if they were strangers.
"Now," Meg pressed the gun harder against his back. "I know Castiel gave you that hard drive, and you're going to give it to me or I'm going to go downstairs and put a bullet in your uncle's head. Then, I'm going to give my friend the word and he's going to put a bullet in your brother's adorable little face. Poor Kevin will be scarred for life," Meg whispered. "I can't hurt you because... well let's just say Castiel ensured your pretty body would keep flowing with blood, but there's no rules saying I can't lodge a carefully placed bullet in your spine. Now, the hard drive please," Meg smirked, walking her fingers along Dean's stomach.
Dean kisses Cas hard when everything is done, and they both kiss Jack's cheeks. Bobby gives Dean two weeks off of work, and Cas is only in school for another week before spring break, so they spend their time cooped up in the apartment, getting to know themselves as parents. Getting to know Jack, Jack getting to know them.
"No! Castiel please, you just, I just," Dean couldn't find enough words to string together to properly express how much he was feeling. He was feeling too much and the only thing coming out was harsh breaths and a constant stream of tears. "Don't leave me again," he pleaded, helpless to do anything but watch as Castiel took slow steps towards the agent patiently waiting by the door. Bobby placed a gentle hand on Dean's shoulder and Sam was holding his hand, but Dean couldn't look anywhere but Cas.
"Yeah," Dean pressed his hand into hers, linking their fingers and resting his head on her shoulder. Charlie squeezed his hand and leaned her head against his. "Now that you know my secret, wanna see the pantie pictures I sent him? We're the same size in panties by the way."
Another agent came in half an hour later. Dean told her everything he knew, leaving out the blissful three months that he spent in room 314 learning every inch of Castiel's body, memorizing every dimple and mole, mapping out every scar with gentle kisses. Castiel learning every inch of him. Castiel spending a full hour counting Dean's freckles. Castiel's honey soaked voice calling Dean "pet" and "doll" with so much adoration and care that it made Dean's heart feel so full he'd thought it'd explode.
"He doesn't need a ticket, he's in the play," Dean pointed out gently. "Cas, please don't do this." Dean dropped to his knees beside the bed, his stomach at his feet with the dread slowly clawing its way from his throat down. "Jack was so excited because he thought you were going. It's only an hour and we'll come straight back home. Please, Cas, you can do it, just, please." Cas was avoiding his eyes. Dean tilted his head, trying to catch his eyes, but it was already a lost cause.
When Dean was finally out of his head, Lisa Braeden wiggled herself between Lena, the beautiful black girl switching between tilting her head back to kiss Dean and leaning forward to kiss Charlie. Lisa tugged Dean back until he released his hold on Charlie, and slipped her arms around his neck to claim his mouth with her own. She tasted like Vodka, sharp and bitter compared to Lena's lemonade sweet tongue and Charlie's cranberry coated lips. Dean allowed her to kiss him, pulling away a few times to chug from his cup, swapping the taste of vodka between their tongues. He gripped her hips, sliding down to cup her ass, pulling her into him, trying to let the vodka steer the show. He wasn't going to sleep with her, her lips were nice and soft but her hands were too delicate. They were gentle on his waist, sliding over the places where he had had bruises from Castiel's hands.
"Fuck me, please," Dean whispered, tilting his chin down, looking up at Castiel with teary eyes and flushed cheeks.
"Lies, don't listen to him Jack. I took this big dork to a bee farm, plus the pie was rhubarb, not cherry," Dean argued.
"You never hurt me, Dean. Ever," Cas said, eyes directed at the whirling blades of the ceiling fan. "It's not your fault that banter is our foreplay," they said. Dean huffed a laugh, tilting his head up to lean his chin on Cas' chest.
"Dude, what the hell is going on?" Despite his language, his voice is soft and concerned. Dean shakes his head, his knees shaking. There was so much emotion crawling through his brain that he almost felt numb. Benny called his name over and over as he got into his car. He shouldn't be driving, he's too on edge, but it's all muscle memory at this point, and he can't stop once he has started.
"These two were arrested for public intoxication and invading private property, no charges are being pressed so I was just bringing them home safely," the officer explained, looking as tired as Dean felt.
"Yeah, I'm not really in the mood. I'm just going to do some reading," cas smiled softly. Charlie was one of the only girls that Castiel really liked. She was sweet, funny, nerdy, and she didn't try too hard. She was real, and that's all Castiel wanted in a friend.
"Where are you? I," he looked out of the window at the impala, thankfully parked on the street. "Text me the location, okay? I'll be there as soon as I can," Dean jammed his feet into his sneakers and snatched his keys from his dresser. He opted for the window rather than risking the front door. "Hang on, I have to put my phone in my pocket but don't hang up," he said. Castiel gave a grunt of acknowledgement so Dean took it as his answer. He shoved his phone into his pocket and slid the window open. He stepped out onto the ledge and braced his hands against the big oaktree outside of his window. He carefully lowered his window with his foot, then started climbing down the tree, landing softly in the grass. He scraped his leg once, but it didn't hurt, so he dusted himself off and silently walked around the house. He opted to run through the junkyard rather than go down the gravel driveway. When he was a safe ways away, he pulled his phone from his pocket and called Castiel's name.
"Why doesn't papa like us anymore?" Jack sniffled into his neck. Dean couldn't respond, his throat was too tight and he didn't have a satisfying answer.
"Miss," he moaned, his mouth falling open again as his eyes closed. She smiled down at him, circling her hips to make his breath stutter some more. He pressed his head back against the pillows and she used the distraction to reach behind herself and press against the plug still inside of him. Dean gasped, his body automatically trying to curl in on itself as pleasure shot through him. She smirked from above him, her tongue dragging over her teeth. Dean wanted to roll his eyes back at the sight, so effortlessly sexy that he could barely breathe, but he didn't want to miss anything if he closed his eyes again.
"Come on, baby," she tugged him up until he was pressed into her side, his arm going around her waist, his head resting against her shoulder, nose rubbing against her jaw. She ran the tips of her fingers along his back, her voice soothing sweet nothings against his forehead as he sank into a blissfully light headspace.
"No, I think I drank too much," he said. She nods understandingly, kissing him a few more times before falling onto the bed beside him. He doesn't realize that he is shaking until he turns onto his side and tries to sink into the blankets. His teeth would be chattering if he wasn't clenching his jaw so hard. He curled into himself, clenching his hands hard into the blanket. He sits up enough to slip his boxers back on, everything touching his skin feels like it might tear it off.
"Enough!" Dean yelled. Cas flinched, sniffling as they were cut off. Dean breath hard in their space for a second, his thumb gently swiping away stray tears, cautious of the bruising skin around their eye. "You don't have to change shit for anyone," Dean whispered, his hands settling on either side of Castiel's face. "You are absolutely perfect the way you are." Dean was a little shocked at how close they were when the adrenaline of Castiel's outburst wore off. He swallowed as he glanced down at Castiel's lips, watching their tongue swipe out to wet them.
, Dean thinks distantly. Cas' fingers dig into Dean's skin like they're marking their territory, imprinting themselves onto his skin to make sure the outline will still be there even when the hands themselves are gone.
With a deep inhale, he straightened out his suit jacket and started tucking his button up back into his slacks. His hips stuttered when he realized he was half hard, his eyes shutting as he stilled. He finished tucking his shirt back in, he ran his fingers through his hair, and stamped out his cigarette before walking back inside.
Jack smiled at him, then looked towards his parents. "For what it's worth, you'll never meet better parents than my dads. I could list a hundred things that makes them amazing parents, but all I really have to say, is I have never once questioned their love for me. I might be young, but I know what love, and support, and stability means, because I have really good dads.
"You're a dick, you know that?" Dean yelled after him, digging his face back into the bed. He popped his head up a second later and yelled, "I love you!"
A small usb drive and a mangled piece of paper. Dean looked back towards the house, staring at the drawn living room curtains, where he knows Castiel is laying on a table getting a bullet dug out of his hip. Above the living room were two windows, both dark, the curtain slightly ajar. On the other side of the house were two more windows, both dark and shut. Dean leaned his elbow on the center console and discreetly stretched his arm to the passenger seat, grabbing the drive and the paper. He kept his head pointed at the house as he looked down at his lap, opening the paper carefully so it ripe.
There were times when Dean got that itch under his skin, that need to not be the one in control, where would think about this moment. The moment he was under the weight of her gaze again. After the first few months, when the panic attacks and the excessive crying calmed down, after he could breathe normal again, he thought the effect had worn off. Like a detox from a drug he didn't know he was taking. He thought the temptation would disappear. Obviously that is not the case, because here he is, sighing into the warm evening air, already feeling utterly intoxicated in her presence.
"Yeah, I run a shelter for teens, specifically for lgbtq+ teens who need a safe space. We have on campus counselors who work pro bono," she explained. He remembers her talking about that. It's been a few years but that passion is still in her voice. "I'm speaking later so I guess I'm glad I ran into you now. I'm sorry if I blindsided you, I know it's been awhile since we've seen each other," she said.
"Yeah, that's a good one, buddy," Dean agreed, blinking heavily. Jack hummed, lost in thought as they continued their drive. Dean thought maybe this would be a stepping stone. His talk with Sam was based off of anger and sadness that Meg seemed to be so much better at bringing Cas out of his depression. But they did movie night every Friday since they adopted jack. He was a mere eight months old and the first movie they subject him to was Indiana Jones, Deans insistence. Dean would claim it was Ford that kept his attention for nearly 2 hours, but Cas knew it was because Dean talked to him the whole time. Jack was enthralled by Dean's voice, and the picture Cas took that night was the first picture ever taken of Dean with their son.
"Thank you officer, I'm so sorry," he apologized for the both of them as he grabbed Cas' wrist and tugged him inside. Meg turned to the officer, gave him a salacious grin and a wink before sauntering inside.
"He was four when he was taken, used mostly for drug smuggling. An adorable little boy and a charming sociopath, Chuck made millions," Ash explained, referencing different photographs and documents, not that Dean was paying attention to anything but Castiel's young face in the photo. "Kept him real comfy, took care of him like a father would so that he wouldn't look scared for TSA. He took a real liking towards him, taught him everything he did like it was a family business. Did the same with all the Novak children," Ash shook his head.
"Sugar, please." Jack laid himself down with his head pillowed on the arm of the couch, his knees pulled up to his chest. Dean ran his fingers through his sons hair, leaning down to press a kiss to his forehead.
"Yeah, yeah, just actually remember and use what I taught you. You know what happened the first time," Dean said.
"She sang you Baby Beluga, and you sang me that song sometimes when I couldn't sleep. You told me you sang it in your head when Chuck let people touch you."
Dean stands in the doorway for a moment, holding bags of groceries and feeling like his stomach might be coming up through his throat. It takes everything in him to turn away from Cas and Megs second round of hysterical laughter and walk to the kitchen instead. He drops the groceries on the counter and pauses as his eyes settle on the kitchen table. Castiel's robe is draped over the back of one chair, and Dean gives up on trying to hide his discontent. His face and his shoulders fall, lips parting on a shaky sigh. Dean's been trying for over two years to get Castiel out of that damn robe, but Meg manages it just a few days? Dean walks over and yanks the material from the chair, stuffing it deep into a laundry basket in the linen closet, no longer able to stand looking at it.
"Breathe for me, baby," he said. Dean released all of the trapped air in his lungs, allowing his hips to relax. "Good," cas whispered, hand still resting on Dean's belly, thumb rubbing back and forth with reassurance as he pressed in deeper. Dean gasped, his hands scrambling at the sheets as Castiel slipped completely inside, making himself at home inside of every one of Dean's cells. Castiel leaned over him, his hips stilling. He pressed one hand into the mattress beside Dean's head and used his free hand to press two fingers to Dean's mouth. Dean opened his mouth on instinct, his eyes rolling back when Castiel's fingers settled on his tongue. He brought one hand up to the man's wrist, holding him in place lest he dared try to pull away.
"Good. Go get your shoes on so we can get going." Dean jerked his head and Jack jumped out of his seat, running to follow directions.
"Kids almost got a full head of hair," Dean said, his heart pounding in his chest. He slowly brought his hand up and touched the boys head, just hovering and running his thumb gently over dirty blonde hair.
His shoe fell to the floor and Dean reached down, grasping the little rectangular piece of duct tape. He felt around, finding the seam of it and unwrapping it carefully.
"How can we get papa to smile like that lady did?" He asked in a soft, tentative voice. Dean's face fell carefully blank, his eyes filling up with tears. He opened his eyes wider, trying desperately not to let his tears fall. He looked down at Jack's lap, blowing out a quiet breath. How could he answer such a question?
"Of course." Castiel tilted his head like the question was absurd. "Drive safe, I love you." Dean froze, Jack's little hand in his, Dean's heart in his stomach.
Cas comes to sit behind him, wrapping his arms around his waist, tucking his chin into the crook of his neck, kissing the warm skin there. “What are you thinking about, doll?"
Charlie dragged him out to the living room, where he struggled to keep his drink in his cup amongst the swaying bodies. Dean isn't surprised that Lisa attracted this many people. With absent, wealthy parents, and a popular role on the cheer squad, Lisa is prime party throwing material.
When Jack turns three, Dean stumbles upon a cheap house in a good neighborhood. It was nearly run into the ground because of foundation issues, no one wanted it, and the couple was desperate to sell. It took very little convincing from Cas to purchase. Dean tore the entire house down and started from scratch. It was almost nine months before Dean allowed Cas and Jack inside of the shell of their home, pointing out rooms and different features. Cas had cried the first time he saw it.
"So, what is it? Stage fright? You've been offstage for over a year, there are bound to be some kinks while you find your rhythm again," she said.
"Do I look like a teenager to you? I need a bottle of water and a granola bar before even attempting to get hard again," Dean said as Cas kissed up his chest. Cas laughed, smacking the side of Dean's thigh as he crawled up the bed. Dean wiggled up the bed and turned himself away from Castiel, wiggling his hips back against him as Cas draped the blankets over their bodies.
"I'm sorry," he's not sure exactly what he's apologizing for, maybe for prepping himself, but it was the only thing that came to mind.
"Good, proud of you," Bobby gave him a small smile over his shoulder and Dean returned it as best he could. Sam was walking down the stairs when Dean was walking up, and he ruffled the boys hair.
kudos and comments are always appreciated. Thank you for reading, last chapter will be up tomorrow :)
"Okay, next on the list, find forever home," Dean widened his eyes dramatically. Cas huffed a laugh, rolling his eyes.
"Yes, Miss," he nodded in understanding, pulling a bit at his restraints as she rose up on her knees. She reached into their box for a condom and lube. She slid the condom onto him and slicked him up. His mouth fell open as she sunk down onto him, his teeth clamping down on his bottom lip as he focused on trying not to buck his hips. He gripped the chains connected to the cuffs, trying to ground himself as her heat completely enveloped him.
"Fine, I picked Dean because I knew it would annoy you, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings," cas turned to walk away, but Lisa grabbed her wrist and tugged her back.
"Please, follow me," she guided them through a set of door, then to the elevators. The pediatric floor was brightly colored, covered in pictures and little animal stickers. Doctor McLeod led them into one of the examination rooms and shut the door.
," the fourteen year old smirked and saluted him back. Dean rolled his eyes and took this as his uncomfortable cue to get out of the car. Charlie waved animatedly at Bobby from the porch of Lisa Braeden's (parents) huge two story house. Dean stepped up onto the porch and waited for Bobby to drive away before dropping his innocent smile.
"Meg, I swear, you keep your opinions to yourself or you can find a hotel room to sleep in tonight," Dean warned.
"Welcome back," she said. He gave her a smile and a nod as he walked past. He took slow steps to the elevator, let the doors close and the metal sit as he stared at the buttons. His brain itched for him to hurry up, to run as fast as he can to that door, but his body won't listen. He has been a ball of excited energy up until he pulled into the lot, then he was reduced to nothing but frayed nerves.
"I thought he was just showing me his ticket," cas' voice was starting to fade, quieter, softer, more distant.
"You are mine, pet. My pretty little pet and you're going to cum for me now, aren't you?" Castiel squeezed his throat. Dean whimpered, a tear dripping down his cheek. All Dean could do was nod and scream Castiel's name as he came, gripping Castiel's hair hard. Everything fell away as he focused on trying to pull air into his lungs, the feeling of Castiel pounding into him, and the pleasure spreading through every inch of his body. He moaned when Castiel came, filling him up, marking him inside and out. Castiel bit down hard on Dean's shoulder when he came, the pain nothing compared to the pleasure.
"Go on, go wait in the car," he waved him off with a firm nod. Dean took slow steps to the door, watching Castiel chug a bit more of the tequila as Michael pressed the tweezers to his wound. Castiel's screams were muffled by the thick wooden door after Dean closed it.
"Noted," Dean said as he slipped into the driver's seat of the impala, the chill of the leather seeping through the thin material of his pajama pants. The engine started with a whine and he rattled in his seat as he drove away, rocking over uneven dirt. He put the phone on speaker and clicked on the location Castiel had texted to him. It appeared in Google maps as nothing but coordinates in the middle of nothing but dirt. Dean wanted to question it, but he decided to focus on driving and listening to the shaky inhales and exhales of Castiel's breathing through the phone.
Dean took a deep breath, looking down at himself as he silently panicked. He had opted to wear an oversized black tee shirt that fell beneath his black briefs, and a pair of black ankle socks. He didn't want to look like he tried too hard, but he wanted to look decent.
"Hush, they're my grandkids, you got to let me spoil them," she said as she passed him. He smiled fondly, watching her plop herself onto the recliner that she always occupies when she visits. One of Dean's favorite outcome from Kayla popping up five year old, is Judy. Once the woman found out about Jack, she'd been a prominent figure in his life. Then they adopted Claire, at two years old after her parents died in a plane crash, and she treated Claire as if she were her blood.
"Oh, I was hoping you'd say that." The smirk on her lips was downright malicious as she pulled out a cell phone. She flipped the safety on and off as she unlocked the phone. Dean's heart shattered when she came to stand beside him, the muzzle of the gun pressed to his lower back, her phone before his face.
"Dont fucking kill him, you idiot," a gruff voice chided. Dean turned back and poised his gun, sending a shot into one of their shoulders. The other held his gun out and Dean tilted his head.
Dean pressed his teeth together hard, dropping his phone and reaching for the burner. He clicked redial and pressed the phone to his ear with trembling fingers.
"I'll be right back," her voice was far away to Dean as he lowered his hands to his stomach, floating around somewhere underwater. She was back the next time he blinked, a warm washcloth in one hand, dressed back up in panties and a tee shirt. He must have had his eyes closed longer than he thought. She cleaned the sweat from his forehead and the sticky mess around his legs, then tossed the washcloth somewhere else and laid on her back beside him.
He knew this game, Castiel loved this game. Watching and analyzing every single muscle in Dean's face and body so his next move would be perfect. So that he could take Dean apart piece by piece, meticulous and slow until Dean was crying for it. When Castiel did it, Dean felt cared for, looked after,
"Bed," she said, taking a step back. "On your back," she added as he stood on shaky legs, stumbling forward to the bed. He watched her with baited breath as she pulled her hair into a low ponytail then climbed up between his legs, her hands settling on the pillow beneath his head. She pressed her knee down between his knees, her thigh pressing hard against his crotch. Dean gasped, one hand flying down to grip the back of her thigh, his legs spreading a bit more on instinct.
"It- it was hard," there's no pun intended but she chuckles anyways, "I wanted to come so bad, but I had to be good. You kept asking me to get up to get things and every time I sat back down it shifted," he explained with a little whine.
"To Sam's. Would you like to come with us?" He offered, trying not to sound as desperate as he felt.
After a few minutes, just as she was going to tell him he can come up now, he moved his other hand from her thigh and pressed his thumb and pointer finger to either side of her clit, then started licking from side to side. Cas gasped, her stomach clenching and fluttering with pleasure, her thighs trying to clench around him.
"Just let me kiss you for a little longer," Dean said, holding his hips close. Cas smiled, settling into Dean's arms and allowing himself to stand there, in the garage that Dean built, with their family safe and happy inside, and kiss his husband.
"Is this about your ex?" Lisa always had a way of surprising him, but this is next level. His head shoots up and some of the cloudiness washes away with the shock.
"There's no way he can stay with us? She abandoned him, isn't there something for that?" Dean asked, almost desperate, looking between cas and the doctor.
"Nope, everything else was perfect," she said, laying her head back down. "Don't let that go to your head," she added, reaching down to card her fingers through her hair. He laughed softly against her thigh, pressing one more kiss there before going back down. She gripped his hair, rolling her hips once up against his mouth, then again when he moaned against her. She pulled his hand up from her stomach and guided him under shirt. He took the hint quickly, sliding his palm up her rib cage until he reached her breast, cupping his hand around it with her nipple between his middle and pointer fingers. She sighed, resting her hand on his head as he licked against her again, switching between broad strokes and kisses over her folds and focused swipes to her clit.
"Good boy." Dean's eyes slipped shut as Cas pressed his lips to his jaw, working light kissed along his jaw and down his neck. He sucked a line of bruises along his left collarbone, meticulous and biting until they were throbbing and sure to bruise. He dragged his teeth over them, soothing the pain with gentle licks and kisses. Dean shuddered when he finally pulled away, leaving behind raw skin. When Castiel was satisfied, he bit down Dean's left pec and wrapped his lips around his nipple, gently worrying the hardened bud with his teeth, making Dean's knees draw up with a gasp. Castiel hummed, pressing Dean's legs back down with a firm stare and a rough swipe of teeth. Dean cursed breathily, his fingers tightening around the pillow as Castiel switched sides to give attention to his other nipple. Dean laid his head back with a moan, his chest rising up against Cas' mouth.
"And what do we have here?" Dean smirked as the stairwell door automatically shut behind him. He jogged up the few steps, watching with a wide smile as Castiel stopped attempting to hide the joint they was smoking.
"Yeah," he relinquishes control of the grill and heads inside, following the sound of laughter. Jess is standing by the counter, cutting olives in half while slowly sipping from a wine glass. Lisa is chopping romaine hearts and tossing them into a strainer to rinse. Dean passes without interrupting their conversation, grabbing two beers from the fridge.
"Ash has it," he whispered. He felt Meg tense beside him, fingers stilling against his abdomen, and he ran with this tiny window of her being off balance. He shifted to the left, drawing around and weaving his left arm under her arm to grab the back of her shoulder, slamming the elbow of his other arm into her face. He held her arm tightly against his chest, the gun pointed at the floor, and slammed his knee into her stomach. He grabbed the gun, tilted it sideways and pulled it out of her hand, slamming the barrel into her face. He took a few steps away to put some distance between them as he pulled the slide back and aimed the gun at her. She cursed as she struggled as find her footing again, her cheek busted open with a cut, her nose steadily leaking blood.
"So good for me," Castiel whispered, grinding his hips slow and deep, making Dean whine. "Why are you whining, sweetheart?" Castiel asked, smiling placatingly as he ran a hand up Dean's stomach.
"I don't know what to do, Sammy," he whispered, desperately clutching the counter with his free hand.
"Jack, you have visitation with your mom today," Castiel pointed out gently, laying his hand on the eleven year olds shoulder. Jack's face fell, he settled his eyes back on Dean with a frown.
"Good boy," she whispered, her voice breathy as she settled around him. Her hands pressed firmly into his chest, her thumb absently stroking over his nipple, sending little sparks of pleasure through him.
Hello, hello, sorry I haven't updated, very very busy recently. I think I edited this chapter but don't quote me. It's far past my bedtime (as the clock barely hits 10pm) so I'll leave this here and bid you ado. Lots of love friends.
"Chuck beat and raped you until you believed that your name was Meg Masters. Your mothers name is Kimberly, she raised you on her own, she made you blueberry waffles every year for your birthday."
"I sent picture to my caseworker, Mrs. Talbot," Jack smiled proudly as Bela passed around the evidence. Kaylas eyes had widened and her attorney had objected. Cas stared wide eyed as their attorney assured Kaylas that the new evidence was submitted well before court started. Dean smiled proudly at Jack, and the boy beamed.
"Daddy? Where's Cas?" She whined, pushing against Dean's arms, her head falling back. "I'll be good. Help Cas."
The first picture was of Castiel laid out on that table, the man with the tweezers digging into his hip. He was screaming in the photo, his face twisted up and his mouth open wide.
