Steve glances down at their connected hands, and he smiles. “It’s been awhile since we’ve done this.”
“Not you, just me. I can still train you and this place will always be open, but maybe we could...take some time off.”
“We need to check out your room,” Tony says after a few minutes of silence passes between them. Steve nods, a small smile forming over his face.
Tony’s never ran so fast in his life. The moment he pulled up to the compound, he hadn’t stopped running. All he could think about was getting to Steve. All that mattered was making sure he was okay.
Tony was excited too, though maybe it wasn’t just the birth that he was looking forward to. He hated being pregnant. Okay, maybe not all aspects of it were terrible. He enjoyed the break he received, though there were times when he wishes he was back in the field or down in his lab. Feeling his son move for the first time was hands down his favorite experience. His favorite thing to do was lie still and watch as his belly morphed into odd shapes when Peter rolled around. The constant kicking to his ribs and the pressure on his bladder was something he wasn’t a fan of, but he managed. He’d do it all again if it meant Steve got to be happy.
Tony slides up to sit against the armrest and answer the call and in no time he has Pepper’s upset holographic face in front of his. “Hey,” he mumbles, yawning.
Gabriel puts his hands on his hips and leans just a little closer. “You know, any one of these guys would walk through fire to have your career. Are you telling me you’re willing to sacrifice that to go fly around with a bunch of snake-eaters in the off chance you’re gonna find your friend in the middle of the desert?” he asks, his voice tough.
“Yeah,” Tony, against all odds, agrees. He stumbles his way back and out of the room and pointedly forces himself to ignore Rogers’ hands on him, helping him walk out.
“I know, I’m sorry. Which is why I’ll make up for the absence all of this upcoming weekend,” he says, his arms open.
Maria places a hand on her son’s cheek and rubs her thumb on it. “How’s my big boy?” she asks and Tony gives her a smile. “How’s school? You’re not failing much, are you?” she jokes, going back to her task.
She runs her hands through Tony's hair before she pulls him to her chest in a hug. “I don’t know why you keep insisting on facing this stuff on your own,” Pepper says, rubbing his back.
Tony can feel the Captain’s eyes on him as he enters the elevator but it’s not until Tony’s stepping inside that he turns to meet the Captain. Steve is looking down at his feet and narrowing his eyes. Tony just stands and looks to the sides, waiting.
He takes a silent breath. "Do you need anything else?" he asks, serene, and Pierce almost looks surprised he got more words out him.
Steve takes a step back, as if making room for Rhodes, and Tony blinks back into awareness. “Hi, Rhodey,” Tony says, in a complete different tone. A cheerful tone. The one Tony uses with Rhodes, Steve figures.
"Right," he blurts. Natasha rubs his head again and he smiles at her. It's so sweet of them Steve almost wants to look away to grant them privacy.
"I'm gonna go out of my way here and guess, you haven't had food either?" Steve says, softly, his eyebrows moving comically.
Tony takes his wallet out his jean back pockets and drops a hundred bill on the table. "You should," he says, his eyes turning somewhat soft.
“Well, then – I trust Happy’s brand new security team will act accordingly,” Tony says, taking one second to think.
Pierce shows up a little later after that; he's already managed to calm himself up just so he can maybe get a few answers.
The third day he begins to wish the shrapnel would follow its damn course and get it over with. But death never comes, doesn’t matter how much Tony hopes for it.
"You like it?" Steve asks, trying to make conversation. The sketch isn't finished but you can see it's Tony's building.
Álvarez's eyebrows twitch a little in confusion and then Rhodey points to his own collarbone. His roommate goes to the mirror on the bathroom and mutters “Shit!” loud enough for Rhodey to hear.
"I know that. I just wanted to make sure you made sure they're not HYDRA or something," Tony comments and Rhodey gives him a look. "What? It's not completely out of the blue, considering…" Tony trails off. Then he takes a look at Rhodey again. "Well, why do you look like you've been asked to skin puppies or something?" he asks.
With shaky hands he grabs the phone and dials the number listed on the paper and holds his breath, his heartbeat rising with expectation.
Steve smiles at that but it looks bitter and his eyes aren’t really looking at Tony when he says: “I didn’t have much to lose.”
, does he fall—, accepts the ridiculous nickname as his own and gets himself a platonic soulmate, because
"Yeah," Natasha mutters, agreeing. "Who do you want me to be?" she asks, then. Her bright eyes blinking at him.
Yu smiles at him and Rhodey feels a little cold. "That won't be necessary, Colonel," he says, and hands Rhodey another file. This one is much older, dustier, and in Russian. "My good friend Thaddeus just brought this to us, you know, from an under the table deal," Yu shares and looks up to Ross.
“Advanced Idea Mechanics, or AIM for short,” the man says again, pointing out at his shirt, that has the same thing on, with bright blue letters. “Do you get it?”
Tony grabs it but then he holds it there, with Rhodey’s finger under his palm and eyes him suspiciously. "Ok. I have my amazing, out-worldly sex with my super-soldier, what about you? What are you so perky about?" Tony asks, his eyes squinting at him a little.
“I'm sure they're looking for you, Stark,” the old man says, suddenly, behind him. “But they will never find you in these mountains,” he adds, then sits next to him and puts his hands together. “Look, what you just saw— that is your legacy, Stark, your life's work in the hands of those murderers. Is that how you want to go out? Is this the last act of defiance of the great Tony Stark?” he asks. “Or are you going to do something about it?—”
Barnes trained at Camp McCoy in Wisconsin and rose to the rank of Sergeant. He served under the 107th Infantry Regiment of the Army and was captured by HYDRA along fellow soldiers in 1943.
"I mean, it's not right. I didn't give you the armor so you could be some special man-gun for the government to use," Tony says, half-joking.
“It’s not a bomb,” Tony says, softly. “It’s an arc reactor feeding an electromagnet inside my chest, keeping pieces of shrapnel from entering my heart,” he explains, not once looking up.
“I just don’t want to interrupt you in your work,” Steve adds, when Tony doesn’t have another quip to interrupt him with.
The Captain nods once and smiles smugly, the ice of his eyes don’t crack. “Put on the suit, let's go a few rounds,” he mutters.
“I was going through the special projects archive and I found some blueprints and research of one of our engineers here, and I was hoping you could contact him for a meeting with me?” he asks.
Last night, he decided he might as well go now or he was never going to leave. Cuddling naked with Steve was proving to be quite addictive.
"There was this terrible noise. And I was tangled in— in...strings," the suit speaks, almost like it's haunted. "I had to kill the other guy. He was a good guy," he says.
Rhodes mimes zipping his mouth closed to shut Tony up, giving him a look before adding, “This is war on terror, Tony. We’ve been dealing with this shit since way before you — or Iron Man, for that matter – has been walking around.”
Coulson shifts between looking at him and looking ahead. “It’s a vintage set,” he adds, after a short minute of silence. “It took me a couple of years to collect them all. Near mint, slight foxing around the edges, but—”
“That’s not true. Remember he was really excited when you built that robot at the workshop in the New York facility,” Jarvis chips in.
“Hey, I’ve spoken to Roberta for the last couple of months just telling her how great I think her son is so, don’t give me that. You know I have nothing but praise for you,” Tony says, only yawning a little. “So, what are you now? Like, General or something?”
Thor throws his hammer at the suit and destroys it; Tony just wishes he could do the same thing to the thoughts in his head.
Steve turns then and they both look at each other; eye to eye, like their souls staring at one another.
He'd been wandering around in the city, successfully hiding in plain sight like he was trained to, before he found something remotely useful.
In front of him, a big man walks in, his face looking satisfied, even excited. He opens his arms and starts speaking in another language as he walks towards him. Tony catches his name just before the man finishes and then asks the old man to translate for him.
"I just— I just don't understand why he would try to kill Cap. He was his best friend— hell, his brother for all we know," Rhodey says, gathering what he learned on the brief exhibit.
"That's exactly what we used to do," Pepper says simply, and Maya bites her lip. "So, don't judge yourself," she adds.
Or that’s what Tony was thinking about as he drove on, away from the one place he really wanted to be.
In the reflection of the mirror, he sees Natasha, drying her hair with a towel and staring at nothingness.
Rhodey has to drop his bag to catch Tony’s light ass body when he half-throws himself at him. “Woah, easy, there, spider monkey,” Rhodey breaths, regaining balance.
“So you're going for artificial intelligence, and you don't want to tell the team?” Bruce says and Tony doesn’t know why he ever expected to hear a different reaction.
“What about you? How come you still a Cap?” He asks, intending to be playful, but Álvarez looks down, and his smile turns sad.
They set the date for the following month and Steve hangs up with a knot in his throat, anticipating the moment that was due to come.
Tony nods slowly just once and then they go raid the minibar he hasn’t finished assembling on the corner of the room. Then they talk and cry until midnight. It’s the best sleep Rhodey’s got in a year and a half.
It mustn’t be good because it makes Tony bolt up and away from the table like there’s something on fire somewhere.
“I went to get this, but I didn’t wanna wake you. You looked like you really needed those extra minutes,” Steve says, handing Tony the goodies as Tony stands up.
Tony gives him a lopsided smile. “That’s great to hear. Because I just got off the phone with Natasha and she’s finally said yes to my offer,” he shares.
"I can't help you," answers Tony, shaking his head. It's not a lie. "You used to have a moral psychology. You used to have ideals. You wanted to help people," Tony reminds her, the words heavy on his tongue. "Now look at you. Pepper deserves better."
He spots the targets riding on a car on the highway, the undercover agent riding with them. He's told to dispose of him, too, as soon as they found out he gave all the information on 'The special Project' as Pierce had put it.
“Is he always this happy?” Rhodey asks Tony sarcastically as they start walking to leave the house, Hogan ahead of them on the way.
Tony smiles in reply. “It’s not the only one,” he says and then runs to his desk to show Steve his designs — his hand-drawn designs.
"'Course I did," Sam says as he gives him half a hug. It'd been months since he saw him, but they had kept in contact through messages almost every day.
“Rhodey, this is Thor, actual God of Thunder,” Tony he begins introducing, pointing to the guy with the cape sitting next to him. Thor does a little vow with his head and Rhodey tries to repeat it. “You know Doctor Banner,” he adds pointing to the scientist, sitting at one end of the table.
"I mean, I've done this whole shit, Rhodey. You know that— and mock me or not, I want this to work. I want to make this work," Tony tells him, his eyes sparkling.
“Mister Jarvis,” Rhodey greets, offering a hand for him to shake because he isn’t sure they’re at the hugging stage just yet.
“I wouldn’t be so quick to judge them, though. They’re just kids, they probably didn’t know what they were up for. Surely HYDRA lured them in with false promises, who knows,” Steve says, shrugging.
“I was wrong, Director. The world hasn't changed a bit,” the Captain says, just as Natasha comes into the room, with Thor at her side.
Tony steps out of the suit and goes, as casually as he can muster. "Yeah, it's— Maya Hansen," he says, locking eyes with Pepper a few steps above him.
“You’re gonna stay there?” Tony asks him and his head rises at the question. Rogers turns to look at him for a short second and then he lets out a deep breath, shakes his head and smiles faintly then walks past him back to his chair.
Tony just gives him a look and then averts his eyes from him, not knowing what to say that won’t give away immediately the fact that he’s lying through his teeth.
Tony laughs softly. “To be honest, taking down a whole government organization gone Nazi-level of bad trumps threatening one tiny fake terrorist. So, it might take you more than stuffed animals and those pretty eyes for me to forgive you.”
And it works, after a while of Álvarez just staring at Rhodey like he’s got a mental condition, because he smiles slightly as soon as he gets it and turns his head back to his lap, where his book lies. “Alright,” he deadpans, nodding slowly. “That is— good to know,” he adds.
Steve bores his eyes into hers and leans into her. "There's a chance you might be in the wrong business," he says, honestly.
Tony starts to go over to his previous spot, his head moving up and down, almost excited. “Yeah. That was just previews, this is— this is opening night. And Loki, he's a full-tilt diva, right? He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered—”
“I feel like I still should talk to him about this, though. Like, I can get a better understanding of Barnes if I ask him about him,” Rhodey tries again and Tony opens his mouth to say something. “I can tell him you don’t know anything about this, Tony. I don’t have to involve you,” he adds.
He turns desperately, and he spots him; another man in the room, shaving his stubble in a tiny glass. Tony seeks to take advantage of his distraction and tries to move, but something tied to his chest doesn't let him. Instead, it announces he's awake.
Steve drags Tony’s chin to meet his lips not at all softly, not at all gracefully. It’s a quick pull, a demanding pull.
SO I know I ghosted again, I'm terribly sorry. I was trying to get this properly corrected & guess what? I DID. Huuuuuuge shoutout to
“Yeah, I figured he would’ve been proud that I’m not drinking myself to death now—not that I haven’t thought about it—”
“Attention!” General Gabriel shouts, just before they get on the plane. “As you were,” he instructs. “Colonel, a word?” he addresses him.
“Yeah—about that…we can’t,” Rhodey tells him, looking quickly at Steve, still talking to Thor. Tony gives him a confused look and Rhodey sighs. “Barnes doesn’t want him to know.”
Tony moves his head to the side and goes, casually: “Unless you wanna do something else,” without blinking.
“I wasn't. I just wanted to make sure you have a good company, and as far as I’m concerned, that guy ain’t it,” Tony explains.
“Well, we’re gonna miss you, big guy,” Rhodey says with an honest smile. Yeah, sure, the guy’s an absolute sight but he’s also pretty chill to be around.
Steve raises his eyebrows. "Have they moved on that?" he inquires and Tony dwells on all the details he's got of the current public enemy of the United States.
A couple of more days pass before Thor decides he can’t keep waiting for the big guy to come back and say his farewells to him.
"But, if you don't do your part, I can't do mine. And HYDRA can't give the world the freedom it deserves," Pierce adds, his eyebrows raised.
"Not sure. But whoever it is, they got some mean tech. Or knowledge," Sam explains. "Every time I get near to a solid location, the system sends me to a whole different place on the map. Like Barnes is magically popping in and out of places."
“I want to apply this to the Ultron program. But Jarvis can't download a data schematic this dense,” Tony tells him and Bruce looks at him like he’s not sure what he’s got to do with anything. “We can only do it while we have the scepter here. That's three days. Give me three days,” he adds.
"'Earth's mightiest heroes'," Steve says, sarcastically. "Pulled us apart like cotton candy," he says, shaking his head.
"I can get Barton to the jet," Thor says. "The sooner we're gone, the better. You and Stark secure the scepter," he instructs.
"She's got her own bedroom, if she wants to take it," Tony had answered. She messed with his head but Tony wasn't the type to hold grudges. Plus, she'd been hurt by his past.
In the bright, empty room Tony made for him, Steve feels like he's floating in the air. He just asked his soulmate out for lunch.
After they leave him in the quietness of the apartment, he can’t even bring himself to cry. He really thought dying in the cold arctic ocean was the worst result he could get from crashing that plane.
"He's a ghost story," Rhodey replies, unfazed. "Something to tell young cadets at training camps, to scare them off," he adds with a shrug.
“Wow, I didn’t see you put up this much fight when they asked you to go after my ass,” Tony comments being funny but Rhodey glares at him.
He finds a guy in his room and wonders just why he wasn’t informed he'd be double-billeted. “Oh, you must be my new roommate,” the guy says. He has a Holy Mary tattooed on his left bicep and a ‘Taylor Gardner’ in his right wrist Rhodey can catch quickly enough as he offers his hand. “Second Lieutenant David Álvarez,” he introduces himself.
So he uses his buildup adrenaline instead of his words, and he grabs Tony by the waist and raises him up as he kisses him and drags him to the elevator.
“I told you, I’m fine,” Tony says. “Rhodey,” he calls, turning to him. “I’m alright, I just— I need to get out of here, now,” he adds, his hand trembling.
“Are you still sleeping? It’s almost midday, Tony. We were supposed to meet at 8 AM,” she complains and Tony rubs his temple.
He remembers the paper he read last Christmas saying Tony was dead and staring at his mark for reassurance for three minutes straight.
Harley startles in reply and turns back like he just got caught stealing by the police. "I—I wasn't—I got lost and—"
“I—I wasn’t eavesdropping,” he blurts and Tony frowns at him. “I saw that you were still talking and I—I didn’t want to interrupt so I just stood here ‘til you were done,” Rogers explains.
He puts a hand on Bruce’s shoulder involuntarily and opens his mouth to say something but then closes it, thinks better. “Are you gonna be okay?” Tony asks, figures it might sound too forward to say he’s gonna be there for Bruce whatever he needs.
“Not so much. When he's got that thing though guy's like a Stephen Hawking,” Coulson replies but Steve doesn’t know who that is. “He's like a smart person,” Coulson supplies. “I gotta say, it's an honor to meet you, officially,” he says, after a long second, and Steve smiles at him. “I’ve sort of met you, I mean, I watched you while you were sleeping,” he adds and Steve’s smile drops. “I mean, I was— I was present while you were unconscious from the ice. You know, it's really, it's just a...just a huge honor to have you on board,” he keeps going as Steve stands up and goes over to the front of the jet.
Rhodey blinks at him. "Well, I think it should be," he says and Yu frowns at him. "I mean, you're trying to make a case against him—"
“Lab's all set up, boss,” Maria Hill says. Speaking of people he was surprised to see working with him.
“It should be tonight, somewhere around 10 PM. Unless Tony finds himself tangled in doing another piece and further jeopardizing my career,” Rhodey says, still glaring a little.
It’s the first time since Steve’s waken up that he doesn’t feel anxious. Because what comes next, he’s familiar with.
Rhodey sighs. "Oh, yeah, I've been doing real progress. Just finally gave up and signed up on Grindr," Rhodey shares and Tony makes a pained face.
“No, I don’t care. You’re going to a public high school lab,” Tony says, taking his barefoot out and trying to clean it with a tissue. He gets as far as he can –which is only to stop his foot from dripping oil– when JARVIS announces he’s got an incoming call from Pepper. “Put her through,” he instructs.
But Pepper runs towards him and uses his propped knee to jump higher and punch through one the armors. She falls to the ground with the suit and rips its gauntlet, then kicks one of the portable bombs and shoots whatever remained of Aldrich Killian.
The serum works perfectly on Pepper. So much that her mark is back in its clear, full-form as Pepper's cells get back to normal. "Hey," Tony says, cheerful, pointing at it.
"It's not so much that but we have to find answers," he explains, shrugging. They all look around each other. "Her powers, his very existence," Thor adds, pointing at Wanda and Vision sitting across each other at the other end of the table. "I believe there's more to this than just coincidence," he says.
Steve watches Clint go and then Tony moves across the room to sit on the couch, letting a long, deep breath out.
“That’s risky! At least let me get you a hazmat suit—” he says a little stained, out of breath as Pepper finishes taking her way down.
He's in his full uniform, like that last night he saw him during the Stark Expo, and there's a beer in his hand and a smile on his face.
It's ridiculous and exciting. Steve's arms wrap around Tony's waist and shoulder and he can even feel Steve lift him off the ground a little.
“Hey, Tony!” he greets, he has a slightly ‘crazy fan’ look going on but he’s not touching him, which is good, Tony’s had really bad experiences. “Wow,” he goes as soon as his eyes land on Maya. “Aldrich Killian. I am a big fan of your work,” he says, shaking her hand.
“I am but my dad's Cuban, mom's Venezuelan. It’s kind of a hard thing to shake,” he adds, his voice just faltering a little. Rhodey doesn’t dig any more into it.
“We’re good,” Tony mutters back, his palms open. But Happy’s whispering to stay down repeatedly. “You're— you're right on me. I made it,” he says, and Happy still takes more seconds before he gets off him.
“Half hour ‘til the ball drops,” Happy tells him when he’s too busy staring at one spectacularly intelligent Maya Hansen. He almost doesn’t remember not wanting to come to Bern for the tech convention at all, especially not after everything she told him about the research she’s been working on.
Thor gets up slowly. "Yes. It's a very, very interesting theory," he says, moving around the space to stand by the hammer. "I have a simpler one," he says and grabs the hammer like it's a piece of paper, twisting it up in the air. "You're all not worthy."
“Fantastic. I wanna hear all about the cellist, is that still a thing?” Pepper asks him inside the elevator; Tony’s barely catching on it, now focused on the Cosmic Cube his father found years ago while searching for Capitan Frostypants.
Tony walks back to the computer and decidedly ignores Pepper’s email with his week’s schedule and instead flips through the R&D department archive of pending and pitched projects.
"The news are loving you guys. Nobody else is," Hill says on the video call. Clint's been flying them for hours. "There's been no official call for Banner's arrest but it's in the air."
Rhodey leans towards Tony again as he signs the drawing. “Listen, the Pentagon is scared,” he says, trying to get Tony to understand. “After what happened in New York— aliens, come on. They need to look strong. Stopping the Mandarin is priority, but it's not—” Rhodey trails, trying to find the right words.
“The Phillies have managed to tie up at 4-4. But the Dodgers have three men on. Pearson beaned Reiser in Philadelphia last month. Wouldn't the youngster like a hit here to return the favour?” the voice sounds around the room and it clicks, he remembers that, his first time on a baseball field. He turns to the window and then realizes the voice is coming out of the radio. “Pete leans in. Here's the pitch. Swung on. A line to the right. And it gets past Rizzo. Three runs will score. Reiser heads to third. Durocher's going to wave him in. Here comes the relay, but they won't get him”, the man says, right before a woman sweeps into the room.
He's running fast through the buildings with the other man at his feet when he hears a window break, right at his back. The sound of metal at top speed rings in his ears with a distinctive noise and he turns just in time.
Rhodey can see that happening. He shakes his head and lets out a bitter chuckle. "You know, I miss the old days when the bad guys were just some human psychos with guns," Rhodey mutters and Allen lets out a laugh.
Laura lets out a chuckle and Clint smiles at her. "Why do you always enjoy confusing people about us?" Laura asks, rolling her eyes.
Steve takes a breath and lowers his head. When he does, his eyes land on the 'Anthony Stark' on his wrist and he feels sad. Then he looks up and spots him, he's talking to Rhodey and Nat by a couch, and he's laughing.
"Nothing. He's just old. The President will thank him and we'll get drunk at his farewell party, but General Ross here is the next thing," Yu says.
Peggy hadn't been his soulmate, but he had wished for it over and over again since he saw her knock Hodge off his dumb ass the first time they met.
He flips the back of the car open and finds the suitcase easily, opens that too and sees the serums.
“Candice,” Tony guesses, having a hard time remembering the name of the last girl he hooked up with. He was sure the name started with ‘C’, though.
They get in quietly, Tony sporting his favorite incognito cap and throwing on his sunglasses when they get to the entrance and there's a bunch of kids taking pictures with the Cap drawing at the gate.
"I'm going to go, Mr. Pierce," he hears a woman yell in a cheeky tone. "You need anything before I leave?" the woman adds, and Pierce still looks stiff.
“Thank you for proving a point there,” he jokes even though she doesn’t get it. There’s a beep at her back and the smell hits Tony’s nose with familiarity. “Oh, is that Moroccan coffee? Wait... no, Colombian,” he points.
He nods, slowly, like a part of him wants to keep that experience to himself. "A man. Blond, tall. He was different," he explains. Pierce looks at him and sighs. "He was with the target," he adds.
Tony's mouth drops a little. Steve wants to know if Tony's sorry that he accidentally created a robot capable of destruction and plotting a scheme for mass murder?
He gets to spend some time in Philly before he has to report for the Initial Flight Training, a couple of months after his commissioning after graduation.
He can't keep acting like he's a one-man show. It's not him against the world anymore. It doesn't have to be.
Tony looks at Bruce with a flat smile. "The strongest metal on Earth," he says and Steve turns to look at his shield, lying on the floor.
But then he draws a breath, out of instinct, takes all Steve's scent in and it's like he's breathing real air for the first time in his entire life.
"To your fellow airmen," Ross continues, turning back to Rhodey. "But you're special, Rhodes. You're not like the rest of them," Ross says, almost purring. He turns to Yu and goes, as if Rhodey's not even there: "The Soviets had their special weapon. Well," he puts his hand on Rhodey's shoulder and smiles at him. "So do we."
"It's okay. I know what you mean. We're better off now, but we still got a long way ahead, I guess," Steve says.
"But as I looked out over that city, nobody knew I was there, nobody could see me, no one was even looking," Killian continues, backing away from Tony's face a little. "I had a thought that would guide me for years to come. Anonymity, Tony." Killian points a finger at him.
“Forty-six and Broadway,” the man replies, taking one look. “I'm sorry about that little show back there, but—we didn’t know what your mental state might be so we thought it best to break it to you slowly,” he says, approaching him.
“I was thinking the first time I kissed you, you had just come off from your mission with the Mandarin,” Steve comments, looking up at Tony for a change.
“Hello, Happy,” Tony says, turning, before he looks back to Steve. “This is my chauffeur, Happy Hogan—”
On his spot, the so-called God of Mischief sits and looks slightly scared at the ceiling of the jet.
“No, but I get it,” Tony says. “Besides, if I tell him all this, it’s gonna crush him,” he adds, making a face as he shakes his head.
Tony sighs in reply. “It’s better if we celebrate in person, Rhodey. All this has been— overwhelming, to say the least. I could really use my wingman,” he says, his voice turning down.
Tony steps out of the limo metaphorically dragging his entire being across the ground. The four hours’ drive back to Manhattan did nothing to ease his nerves, nothing to undo the anxious knot in his gut.
“Colonel Nick Fury, director of S.H.I.E.L.D., you would have known us as the Strategic Scientific Reserve,” he introduces himself.
“Alright. Time to get this over with,” he says and then sighs, but his heart is rushing for some reason.
Pepper takes a deep breath, relaxing a bit. “So, Rhodey called me,” she says and Tony’s fingers stop moving. “Said something about you having a ‘weird ass episode, even for you’,” she adds.
“Jesus, you’re impossible," Tony mutters, but he lets a smile show later. He raises the glass of water for Rhodey but he shakes his head. "So what is it?”
Killian stops on his track and Tony watches his shoulders rise and lower as he takes a deep breath. He turns back to Tony and in a second he draws his gun back up again and shoots Maya without remorse.
Tony steps out of the limo metaphorically dragging his entire being across the ground. The four hours’ drive back to Manhattan did nothing to ease his nerves, nothing to undo the anxious knot in his gut.
Bruce taps on his screen for a few more minutes before he sighs and speaks again. “Since you’re so down to talk about uncomfortable topics, care to tell me why you’re being so hard on Steve?”
He finds everyone fast asleep when he steps out of the room into the living room. Some guys asleep on the floor, some girls asleep on the couch, everyone in their underwear or less.
The stranger laughs and goes: "I need a new set of lungs," he replies. "Dude, you just ran, like, 13 miles in 30 minutes," he adds.
“Ok, take a breather—I’m about to make your day slightly better,” Pepper says, a small smile on her face.
The next thing he sees is the gold and red figure of Iron Man flying, the nuke at his back, right towards the portal and, for all Steve knows, certain death.
“—but they told me that if I presented you with an award, you'd be deeply honored,” he says, stepping a little in between the woman and Tony.
It doesn’t take them long to realize the monsters cannot be controlled, not like he is. There’s a faint memory of him rebelling against his holders in different facilities, different eras, a long time ago.
Steve walks over to her and sits on the chair in front of the bed, where she's sitting. "What's going on?" he tries again, softer this time.
Yu sighs and looks down, but then he smiles sympathetically. "I know. That's why I can't think of anyone else for this," he says, but Rhodey doesn't feel flattered.
He thrusts one, two, three, four - onetwothreefourfivesix times again before Tony has to stop to breathe again.
It’s inside the casino – naturally – that he finds him. He's by the dice table, Happy at his back and a woman running her fingers down his collarbone, business as usual.
Stunned, with his chest aching, Tony stands until he hears a squeal – a deafening sound that makes him put his hands to his uncovered ears.
Rhodey doesn’t understand what he means — or better yet doesn’t want to understand — and he makes sure his face shows it.
Tony's hands in the matter got busy before Steve could truly notice; he had fallen to the marvels of Tony's care with just his mouth.
It’s one thing to never have had a soulmate, but then to make one of your own just for them to be taken away? Someone was definitely having a sick ride twisting his life around.
‘Damn, you did it, Rhodes,’ he tells himself in the mirror, allowing himself just a little bit of excitement before he has to put his cool and collected mask on. He steps into the cold shower and pays no mind to the tug on his arm, the nervous butterflies floating freely in his empty stomach.
He sits up straight and finds Rogers pushing himself back up. “Put on the suit,” the Captain commands, but this time his voice is entirely different.
Steve doesn't have it in his heart to say no; a huge part of him wanted to. But he knew what seeing Peggy would do to him, and her.
Yu shakes his head, frustrated. "I'm the one deciding what our priorities are, Rhodes. Don't get that twisted," he says.
At one point Steve was talking about the Uffizi Galleries as he’d seen them during the war and Tony was telling him that he’d have to take Steve there sometime again, since Maria Carbonell Stark had been an active donor of nearly every museum in her home country. Tony doesn’t remember much after that.
"You know, it's kind of hard to trust someone when you don't know who that someone really is," he says.
"She's okay, she's at the hospital. She lost a lot of blood, so she'll have to be there for a bit, but she's good, Pep," Tony explains.
It’s clean and beige and white and everything Tony imagined Steve would be like, not entirely unlike the room he made for him at the Tower. “So this is why you turned down my offer at the Tower?” Tony asks, but there’s no real complaint in his tone.
Steve raises his eyebrows, remembers, and then nods. “Yeah. SHIELD—they, uhm, gave me one,” he answers.
"Okay. So you took Killian's card," he realizes. Evidently, she's been working with Killian all along.
Tony smiles back and pulls the paper closer to him. “If Richard doesn't mind,” Tony says, pointing to Rhodey, who cracks a laugh. “You alright with this, Dick?” he address him.
“I was told you like drawing,” Tony says, his hands clasped together behind his back. “I wasn’t sure if it was this or paint on canvas so, I kinda got all of it. Inside the drawers you can find all the good stuff. I also got you a digital drawing pad, in case you wanna try the new stuff,” Tony offers, leaning into the doorway with his arms crossed.
Tony turns to him. “No. Magic is magic we don't understand,” he replies flat, before he moves to the table.
I’ve had is shawarma,” he says, shaking a hand at his offer. “And actually, as much as I’d like to stay, I gotta go report myself at the Pentagon—”
"We're not doing anything here, tonight, whatever— what I meant to say is, we can try. Later, after all this is done. I think it's time," Steve says and it's the sweetest way anyone's ever promised sex to Tony.
“What I mean to say is that I can have something arranged for you. If that’ll get you to stop frowning so much—”
“I was thinking maybe we could talk about it over pizza and sodas? It is Thursday night, after all,” Pepper offers, a friendly smile.
he says. And for a second, it makes sense. The shiny arm makes it clear that he's not a regular person, no.
Rhodey crosses his arms. “Well, I mean, you gotta give him time, Tones. All that shit is some pretty heavy stuff. You, just, don’t talk about it that easily,” Rhodey says, trying to reassure him.
“There's no possibility of deterioration,” Helen replies. “The nano-molecular functionality is instantaneous. His cells don't know they're bonding with simulacra,” she adds, tapping on her machine.
Then Tony lets out a quiet laugh and looks down, grabbing Steve's hands with his own and holding them, as he drags Steve slowly towards the bed and guides him to sit.
Steve takes a step towards him, his arms uncurling. Then his eyes bore into Tony’s like getting a grip of his soul. “Together,” Steve says.
Pepper glances at Tony's hand on her body and draws breath through her nose. "Am I gonna be okay?" she asks, her voice soft.
Pepper pulls him to sit on one of the couches of a little living room she has on the side of this big office and smiles again. “I didn’t think you’d get here this soon. I actually still have a few meetings scheduled this week,” she says.
"What— what for? Why now?" Tony asks, frowning. Then there's a bag falling from upstairs and they both look up.
“Is it better to be feared or respected?” he begins, all rehearsed. “And I say, is it too much to ask for both?” he adds smugly, a few officers behind Rhodey let out a light chuckle.
Tony just glares at him and Steve drops his grip to go shake Fury's hand amicably. "If we had, it would've been your fault anyway," Tony says and Clints pretends to be offended.
"Colonel, are you aware of the events that transpired here in Washington two days ago?" Ross asks this time, from his right side.
Tony walks closer to see it's Rhodey. "Yeah, well, you guys are definitely off the Pentagon's Christmas list," he says. "Every country with a nuke is fighting a cyberattack," he says.
He uses the goggles again and catches the same two heat signals, although weakened, just getting out the crashed car.
Steve shook his head. “No, my best friend died trying to save me,” he said, looking at a spot down on Tony’s shirt.
In dark blue Levy’s and a cyan plaid shirt, Steve stands expectant, looking around himself, in front of Tony’s glassed doors.
Tony lets out a sigh. "Yeah. Good luck to you with potato gun over there," Tony says, patting Rhodey's shoulder. "He's a good kid but he's an absolute menace," Tony jokes.
Rhodey nods with a hand on his chin. “When's the last time you got a good night's sleep?” he asks instead, because he knows how Tony looks when he’s reaching dangerous levels of ‘workaholic’.
The doctor gives him a polite smile and puts his hands together. “Is that the only word on me?” he asks, looking around him.
“I got a nuke coming in, it's gonna blow in less than a minute,” Iron Man says, and off in the distance he can hear him flying above. “And I know just where to put it,” he adds.
Tony walks over to the control panel and opens the back door. “What are you doing?” he hears the Captain ask behind him, but before Tony has time to fly outside and face their new
Tony full-on pouts, there’s no other thing to call it but that. “But, Ed, Rhodey is here,” he says; Rhodey contains the urge to laugh at Tony’s absolute child-like attitude.
"That's a terrible joke to make," Rhodey comments, grimacing. Even though she dragged the living hell out of him with the Iron Patriot fiasco, that woman's been dead for just a few months.
“I trust Pepper is the other fifty?” Rhodey asks and Tony nods slowly. “Then you’ll be fine,” he adds, patting him on the shoulder.
Identity crisis, memory loss, mentions of psychological torture. This chapter is narrated almost entirely from Bucky's POV so, you might find it desperately confusing (I fooled around with the format at the end to mimic Bucky's state of mind, so that's why it looks all over the place)
"Ok so, clearly, I'm sorry," Tony offers, his palms open so they don't start sweating so much. "I didn't mean to do this whole threaten a terrorist and then follow a trail to the Middle-of-Nowhere town only to end up in fucking Miami, for some reason, with no suit and no backup," he speaks, trying to summarize his latest ‘stunt'. "I mean, I almost got Pepper killed, so, I'll have to deal with that for a while, you know—," Tony says.
Tony hears Steve gasp and something knocks them over on the couch. It’s the armor, grabbing Steve’s shoulder so tight it will surely bruise him.
Tony looks up at the ceiling, defenseless. “Oh, God, you talked to Rhodey?” Pepper cracks a laugh and Tony just shakes his head. “Damn, does that man ever keep a secret to himself?” Tony mutters.
Tony wets his lips careful before his tongue pops all out and he licks the back of Steve's cock all the way up to the tip, ceremoniously.
, Rhodey heard vaguely in one of his JROTC training in high school, years ago. That one rang louder than the thousand mean comments he heard in the hallways and on the court on his neighborhood, or the judgmental and plain scarring things the pastor would say in Sunday Service.
spy. His secrets have secrets,” Tony replies. “It's bugging him too, isn't it?” he asks, pointing to Banner with his open hand.
Below him lies the rest of the world and all its minuscule problems, along with his own. Up here, he’s surrounded by clouds and peace; he feels utter greatness before he has to step back into the present and do the flight maneuvers they ask him to do.
Tony lets out a laugh and Rhodey just rolls his eyes. “You’re missing the fun and the meals, Potts,” Tony yells from the couch.
He opens his eyes and everything's moving slowly around him. Everything is fuzzy and out of focus. He rubs them with the tip of his toes and tries again.
"Wow, you got here early," Allen comments as soon as he notices him, then he stops on his tracks. "Wait, did you sleep here?"
“The jewel appears to be a protective housing for something inside, something powerful,” JARVIS says.
Steve puts his left hand on top of his wrist out of impulse, covering the mark. He doesn't meet Tony's eyes but he sighs and uncovers his wrist again. It's not a secret. Tony knows.
“Our people are just getting to them now. Pretty much the usual: lots of slogans, no real intel,” he answers. “Except you’re right – it was a trap. For you. They wanted the latest Stark tech, and figured you were the easier target,” he adds.
Tony flips him off. "Fuck you. Thanks for backing up my statement," Tony says and resumes to their walking.
“Best chicken in town,” Tony complies. They clasp their hands together and then hug. “You’re not gonna be a stranger now, are you?” he asks, there’s a hint of fear in the back of his throat.
He saves him. Because that defies the orders they gave him, because that goes against their wishes, their desires.
“In case you needed to kill me but you can't. I know, I tried!” Bruce confesses and the room falls silent. “I got low, I didn't see an end, so I put a bullet in my mouth and the other guy spit it out,” he shares, visibly shaken. “So I moved on, I focused on helping other people. I was good until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk,” he speaks, his left hand moving slowly towards the work table and grabbing Loki’s scepter. “You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You wanna know how I stay calm?” he asks, his voice turning lower, his eyes growing wider.
"I— I mean, I can leave you to eat— it's, I think it's important you eat, Tony," Steve says, almost stuttering.
But there was something he was before all this, something equally important. He can feel it. So, he pleads again: "But I knew him," he says with an ache in his chest and his shoulder.
gonna stick,” Tony cuts in, giving him a look. Rhodey just lets out a sigh in reply. “Either way, Rhodey, Steve's not gonna help you capture his friend so they can just— torture answers out of him," Tony says.
It makes Peggy chuckle and wave it off with her skinny hand. “He’s made you think he’s this hard carcass but he’s a big softy,” she says.
“We're sweeping every wirelessly accessible camera on the planet,” Steve hears Coulson say as he goes near him. “Cell phones, laptops— if it's connected to a satellite, it's eyes and ears for us,” he explains as Steve catches Agent Romanoff kneeling in front of a computer to swipe around information on a man.
It's Bucky again, this time he's holding a smoking gun against them. His long locks covering half of his face.
Of Jarvis teaching him how to drive secretly in one of Howard’s model cars, with a pillow under his butt to give him more height, and teaching him how to shave even though Jarvis couldn’t grow facial hair anymore and his hands would shake a little.
“Yep. Hey, do you mind giving me a sec with blond Rambo here?” Tony says, pointing a finger to Steve.
But Tony looks at him like he's seen that promise break before. And Steve realizes he's filled with fears, too.
But his hands hover over Tony's body and his body is suddenly not moving on his own like it was before.
His mother sighs and places her hands on his shoulder, rubbing. “He’s your father. And it’s Christmas time. So, let’s not do this, okay?” she asks and Tony gets it.
Tony shakes one hand. “No, but listen, there’s another idiot out there who doesn’t have a soulmate mark either. People who are in square one like us. Who’s to say they’re not the ones meant for us but somebody up there fucked up terribly?” he asks and Rhodey's drank a little too much already and Tony's little hypothesis makes his head spin.
"So, I might hurt you— I wouldn't know," Steve says, doing half a shrug. "I’m not everything you think I am,” he says, looking at his fingers.
Tony gives him a sympathetic smile. "'Cause I know you think highly of him. I don't wanna ruin the image you got of Howard," Tony says.
Far in the back, there’s a four-people round table with a bucket of lilies, with the quietness of New York’s blue sky and the ever-present skyscraper landscape. It makes Tony’s throat close a little just looking too much at it.
Steve bites his lower lip and looks at the computer again. “Alright,” he mutters. “But I was also wondering about the debrief package you left me, there were – I mean the profiles there, I notice there’s a couple of people missing here,” Steve trails, taking one hand out of his pockets to point out at the computer, where the file of the familiar agent is still open.
"Okay. Never one to shrink from an honest challenge," Tony tells Clint, passing by him. He puts the tiny strap of the hammer on and grabs the handle. "It's physics," he says.
He takes a deep breath and shakes his head just once, regretting ever opening his mouth. “Yeah, I mean, it’s developing science, but…yeah, it’s possible,” he stutters. “It’s risky, not entirely tested right but—” He gives a vague shrug.
“I’m just your babysitter, so when you need your diaper changed – thank you – let me know,” Rhodey says, taking one towel.
"I should hope so," Sam replies. "A Shaman told me it's an African dialect and then when I went on my first tour I got it checked, too. You know how many African dialects are out there?” Sam asks rhetorically but Steve still shakes his head. “Fucking-over-two-thousand! So, yeah, I haven't found which one this is," he explains.
Tony frowns down at the floor. "Honestly, I'm still trying to figure out what happened to the first mouse," he says, ignoring Killian's little monologue.
"Loki's scepter must be here. Strucker couldn't mount this defense without it," Thor comes through. "At long last," he adds.
Pierce sits in silence for a long second before he goes, "Oh, Renata," he laments, turning to grab the gun on the table. "I wish you would have knocked," he adds, shooting the woman without remorse.
Rhodey closes his eyes slowly, shaking his head. “Jesus, Tony, seriously – just one internet search, ‘Military hierarchy’, just read
Rhodey stuffs his hands in his jacket's pockets and looks around. There's a lot of pictures of Steve as a young recruit and his old base-camp. "Yeah, figure you can relate," Rhodey mutters and turns to look at Tony, who's just giving him a poker face.
Allen nods slowly but his face screams sarcasm. "Right. Except that they've been looking for these past days and they haven't found him. Or Cap— wait, do you know anything about that?"
Next day, David makes good on his promise and does a good job at double-team training. They don’t come on top because Wagner and Davis are tight and vicious and also cousins on their mother’s side, but it’s good. Rhodey knows when to let his competitive side die down a little.
“External detonation. Number three engine is down,” she replies. “Somebody’s got to get outside and patch that engine,” she instructs, after a few seconds.
“You think it’s incredibly fucked up?” Tony asks, scratching the back of his head, one hand in his pocket.
He goes into the stranger’s house kitchen and takes a perfectly good, cold beer just sitting there in the fridge. It boosts him enough to put on his sunglasses and ride back to the mansion.
"I guess a golden statue wouldn't be too tacky, right?" Tony asks, putting his feet on the table and then pulling.
"Heimdall is either away from his post or he's been ordered not to answer," Thor explains. "But Ultron can't hide forever. We'll find him," he adds.
“The game, it's from May, nineteen forty-one. I know ‘cause I was there,” he explains and her entire face changes. Slowly he gets up from the bed, ready to get real answers. “Now, I'm gonna ask you again. Where am I?”
In the corner, the black vehicle makes a turn to his way. He uses his special goggles to catch two heat signals inside, one of them his target.
The first time he’s seeing is Tony’s brown eyes getting deeper, the first time he’s hearing is Tony’s harmonic whimpers; the first time he’s touching is Tony’s pointy perfect jaw, the first time he’s smelling is Tony’s expensive deodorant.
"Alright, alright. Listen," Fury says, shaking Allen's hand back. "You can treasure this memory but if you tell anyone I'm not dead, you will be," he says, his face close to Allen's.
"Fuck if I know!" Tony shouts, fed up. It's a cheap joke but Ultron did just fucking Pinocchio on their asses. "I have no idea how he came up to be, Steve. We weren't even close to an interface," he says.
Tony’s mouth closes, opens and then closes again. Then the elevator dings and Tony turns to see what’s going on. On the digital panel beside the door, the screen is showing the 19
“I mean, it’s not bad, certainly more than I thought SHIELD could even afford,” Tony mutters, looking at the ceiling and peeking around into the living room. “Still, though, I gave you a personal gym and digital drawing tablets,” he adds, walking into the kitchen.
Steve gets up from the couch and grabs the dirty plates and goes over to the kitchen sink and pours water into them before stuffing them into the dishwasher. "I gotta say—" he speaks as he closes the dishwasher. "I kinda liked these prequels better," Steve says with a loop-sided smile.
"Born in 1916, James Buchanan Barnes, known as Bucky by his closest peers, was a member of the 107th infantry of the United States Army during the Second World War. With sharpshooting skills and a nearly perfect score in his training, Barnes graduated third of his class and got commissioned Sargeant just a few days before getting shipped to England, not long after the attack on Pearl Harbor," the voice begins saying.
But, as gutted as he felt, he knew there was a reason to it. There was a reason to him crashing a plane to his death and ending all possibilities of him and Peggy having a life together.
Steve eyes him and grabs his hands, making Tony’s head bolt back to him. “Tony, promise me you won’t mess around with the magical alien stick,” he says, his voice serene.
All Steve could now think of doing was put his hands on Tony’s thighs and next thing he knows, he’s being surrounded by a delicious heat that almost makes him whimper.
birthday – where he got drunk to swallow his sorrows about how he wasn’t worth loving and how he was a fool for letting himself think otherwise (“Not even my own dad loves me, man, why would anyone else?”) – but the questions and ghosts of inner battles linger around them whenever they're sad or quiet or thoughtful. “Your soul mates?” Tony adds as if Rhodey didn’t go to the same Aerospace Engineering class he does and was just two points below him on IQ.
It still makes him end with an oxygen mask on his face, inside his cold chamber in this cold facility.
Tony stares at the footage in front of him and takes a deep breath, bites his lip as memories of Howard’s endless speeches about the holy greatness of Captain America, all while he remained too busy to even play ball with Tony, flash in his mind and make his stomach twist.
“I'm telling you, it worked. Poured cooking oil into it and the thing started,” he says and Rhodey shakes his head smiling.
"I know," Cap replies. Then there's a whiff of air and he adds, a little panting: "Just slipped out."
"Wait," the vice president says, grabbing Rhodey by his arm. "I know he was a friend but we have to assume the worst," he says and Rhodey's actually annoyed because he's heard it all before.
"Do you know anything about artificial intelligence?" Tony says instead, Steve's patience to talk can last so long.
Tony just shakes his head and shakes it off. He can worry about that some other time. “Well, I’ll call the lawyers if I need to. But right now, it’s about you. You are hereby temporarily discharged of worrying about things that aren't your wedding. What do you need me to do?” he asks, with a big smile.
"I've known about Barnes since I talked to Natasha after the attack. She let it slide. When I went to see Steve, he didn't say a word," Tony says. "I gave him space since he was still coming off from that fight. But nothing, he hasn't said anything about Barnes being alive or trying to kill him. Nada," he adds, almost whining.
He leans in closer and gives a kiss to Tony’s cheek before saying “I can show you how serious I am right now”, into his ear.
But then Tony looks around them and seems to find his lever. “Alright, let’s put it this way, you’re an artist, right? So, when you hit a block, where you’re, like, stuck at a point, an idea—you know how sometimes, you have to move around and try a different angle? Something else to get a new kind of—”
He bites his lip as they remove his uniform and then looks down. 'James' is on his wrist; James is nowhere near 'Bucky'.
Tony makes his way through the dining room towards him and gives him a big hug that matches the biggest smile he’s ever seen in him.
"No, that's the thing, whatever— Rhodey, did you come to ask me about my love-life or because something is troubling you?"
Tony shrugs. “Well, I’ve been a pioneer before. I’m not gonna start cowering from being one again, now,” he says, smiling.
"I'm gonna head to Washington and warn them about all this. I need to alert the President on those nuke codes and make them go manual while we clear this out," Rhodey explains.
But Carol lays a hand on his face and Jim feels like he’s sinking three floors down to a deeper hell. The ever-present voice of reason in his mind makes itself known. ‘
“I don’t mean it a bad way,” Tony adds, quickly. “It’s just—” He takes a breath. “I don’t know what to do or what to say,” he explains, honestly, as he looks down. “I treated you like shit and that was totally unjustified and now I feel like I need to make up for it but I don’t know how to even act around you without making the whole thing terrible and awkward and—” Tony’s word-vomiting when the coffee machine beeps.
And Pepper being safe and out of danger is really all Tony can think of a few moments later, when he's drowning.
But, “Yeah, at least you got me,” Rhodey tells him, a hand on his shoulder. Tony smiles widely and his eyes shine behind the huge black glasses.
But then he had looked at Tony, guiding an old woman into a bus and then he remembered he had a promise to keep.
Rhodey steps in the way to the door when the medical staff tries to make a run from it, just out of instinct. “Tony?” he calls, but he’s only looking at the doctor.
“He’s in his office, finishing up some paperwork for the White House,” Jarvis explains. Tony turns to him but then looks at the key bowl lying on the counter.
This chapter isn't beta'd but I downloaded Grammarly & I'm pretty confident it doesn't look as bad as it could've if I had just been left to my own devices. Still, beta readers are much welcome if anyone's up for it, but in the meantime, it's me and this funky, little app against the world. Apologies ahead.
Black cars circle around him and he feels like he can’t breathe. “At ease, soldier!” someone yells from his back. He turns to find a man with an eye-patch, all dressed in black.
Steve lays back on his chair with a long sigh. "Well, guess I just like to know who I'm fighting," he says.
“Because I might not be here in the future, and you must know,” he says, giving him a soft pat on the back. “And because I want you to care, about me and Miss Carter and the life we want for you,” he says and Tony frowns, confused.
“It’s ok,” Tony says after a long beat, his eyelashes moving slowly. “What I wanted to say is—I’m just tired, Steve. That’s all. I keep working and I forget to, you know, slow down for a bit,” he explains, his eyes honest.
“Anyways—when he died I considered killing the thing, you know, stop funding it. But…somehow I felt I was doing him one last disrespect— I decided against it, it’s not okay to spit on him when he's not around to defend himself anymore,” Tony says, moving one shoulder up. “So, they kept doing their thing, right? And they'd send me reports but I didn’t want anything to do with it so I trashed it right to spam mail, never read a single one—until two weeks ago, when they contacted me to say they had found him,” he finishes.
“Sure, old black market stuff. We know they’ve been buying it up. I see pieces from a dozen other legit companies. We still don’t know why. If we could just trace it…” Meade starts suggesting, but Rhodey’s already off, fast flying to New York to see the emergency Tony’s in.
“Is this about The Avengers?” Pepper blurts out. “—Which I know nothing about,” she quickly tries to save.
“That was really fucking close,” Allen says, but he sounds like he was full of adrenaline, too. “You know he could’ve killed you, right? Like, are you aware of that?”
"Maximoffs," Steve concludes. "That makes sense he'd go to them. They have someone in common," he says.
Rhodey doesn’t ask how it went because he knows far too well all the answers are the same, whether or not the missions are successful or fail. It’s a bloody mess.
He’s looking down but he can feel Tony swallowing. He’s gonna look into his eyes when Tony jumps up.
He's figured he's earned the man’s trust when he tries to sneak out in the night, the third week in.
Something in the back of his head tells him he should sit this down, step away, better leave it alone but there’s something stronger pulling him towards the dark spots. The parts of his mind that bathe in hate towards this spangled
Maya squeezes Pepper's hand and smiles bitterly at her. "Yeah but I didn't realize how deeply weaponizable it was," she says. "Not until it could've been too late," Maya adds in a whisper.
Pepper narrows her eyes at him after she turns to face him from her spot. “You’re a terrible liar, you know,” she says.
Tony puts a hand on his shoulder and Steve takes that chance to lean down and rest his forehead on Tony’s shoulder, as awkwardly as he can.
Tony tilts his head. "You know, I don't think us having sex is gonna stop Ultron from destroying the world, no," he jokes.
"Today was good, wasn't it?" Tony asks in tone Steve’s not sure he’s heard before. It’s almost kid-like. He’s satisfied and, well, contented.
His memory tingles with deja-vu, his wrist itches with sheer panic. “Stark, you know that's a one-way trip?” Steve asks, softly, because there’s nothing else he can do or say.
Pepper smiles widely and her eyes are almost wet. “Thanks, guys,” she says. “Actually, now that you’re all together, I thought I’d let Tony give you all the other good news,” she says, then she looks at Tony, who’s blinking in confusion. “It’s ready, Tony,” she says.
“Ok, yes, that’s Captain America's real name but what’s the big deal? It’s not like it’s the actual guy, Tony. The dude’s been dead for ages,” Rhodey says and then Tony remembers, his head falling down.
It was just a brush, a whiff of air, but it was sending electrical waves all through Steve’s body. It was almost painful to endure.
So Rhodey gets tickets to LA instead and feels upset when he can’t phone Jarvis to set up the surprise for his friend. Guess he’ll have to come unannounced.
Steve gives him a serious glance. "So you're saying we're equals right now? You think I'd buy that?" he says and Tony makes a face.
Sam was easily the person he talked to the most in the past four months. Steve can almost feel ‘Sam Wilson’ starting to form on his right shoulder blade.
They all work together effortlessly well. Iron Man gives him the ‘call it’ nod and Steve fells alive again, back on his zone, ready for what he’s good at and happily so. The future is still looming, overwhelming, but he has freaky aliens to focus on, now.
He opens his mouth to express his regret when Tony goes: "I love cheeseburgers." Steve inhales and smiles, Tony replies a smile of his own. "I'm gonna change and clean myself a bit and you'll show me the way, deal?"
"The good news is, a high-level position has just been vacated," Killian tells him, with a twisted look on his eyes.
“—Rhodes must have an idea. He rooms with the guy,” Williams tells the other four men following behind him as they approach Rhodey after one of the last aptitude tests. “Yo’ Rhodes, how’s that dude Álvarez?” he asks and Rhodey frowns.
One of the soldiers throws the doctor to the ground with one swift push, breaks his spine, takes his life. He can’t help but wish it’d been him instead.
“Not you,” the man says and he just fully frowns this time. “My orders were to find the Winter Soldier. I still haven’t found him,” he adds, shrugging.
“Gentlemen,” Nick greets them and Steve doesn’t forget his bet and hands him the ten-dollar bill, which Nick takes without comment.
He gets a few days off before he has to go back to Edwards for new missions; does a bit of reading on what’s been going on with the world and is about to book a flight to New York when the news on the TV catch his attention.
"Only when engaged," Maria answers. "Mostly guys left in a fugue state going on about old memories, worst fears, and 'something too fast to see'," she trails off.
-Remember, I'm not a native english speaker and I'm still looking for beta readers for this work, but in the meantime, bear with me
"I'd love too but I told my mom I was in town and she'd kill me if I don't pay her a visit, man," Sam says.
A name on a wrist; it’s important – everyone has it. But he doesn’t; never got one, he thinks. He knows. No, he can’t remember. Everyone has it. Why doesn’t he have it?
"Bucky," the man calls again and the name rings in his ears, it dries his bleeding mouth. "You've known me your whole life," he says.
“Screw you,” Rhodey curses, but he’s smiling. Tony glances at Rhodey and then back to Álvarez, and he breathes a chuckle. If he didn’t know better, he’d say Rhodey’s drunk ass was smitten.
"You kiddin' me? 'Course I don't. He's around Lila's age. You know I love playing uncle," Rhodey says, hand on his chest.
"Of course they are. And you know that. Which is why you feel like shit right now. And you’re right to feel so," Tony says, pointing a finger at him.
"Is there a reason why you're here?" Tony asks a beat later, Fury smiles a smile that looks awful on his face. "Other than to make me voice things I should only be telling to a professional," he adds, rolling his eyes.
He starts walking through their little summer camp when he sees it: an arsenal of his weapons and ammunition. In enemies' hands.
He throws himself into the bathtub, with his clothes on, and lets the shower wash all over him just to get his chest to ease the fuck up.
They dance to Peggy’s humming a lullaby and Steve lets himself cry on the side of her head as he sways her around in the room, hears Peggy sniff her tears on his shoulder, too.
“Mission report,” he hears Pierce ask sternly. All he hears is the blond man's voice. “Mission report now,” Pierce demands again, before throwing a swift slap at him.
“To town on each other, probably back in your room,” he says, and Maya scoffs. “’Cause I also wanna see your research,” he adds.
"So you're finally admitting you gave me the suit?" Rhodey says, smirking and Tony shoves him playfully.
He's not taken a proper breath before hands are all over him, manhandling him. The facility looks different, it always does. Sometimes it’s cold, some other times it’s colder. He’s stopped wondering by the third decade, and for all he knows this might already be the fourth one.
“That much confidence you got, huh?” Rhodey says, sarcastically. He rearranges the uniforms he took out and closes his bag.
“Ok, but is he gonna beep me before he starts watching me, or is it a silent activity he does? Because that's kinda creepy,” Tony says, raising his eyebrows.
Steve swallows and keeps his own smile, too. "I had been meaning to call you. And when I was about to, Miss Potts contacted me. Thought it was fate," Steve explains.
But Steve knows he's been miles away even when he was within arms reach and now he fears Tony can't feel him. He fears he's letting him slip away.
"I know exactly what you want from me, General. I'm not naive," Rhodey says, biting his tongue not to say a different word.
Rhodey shakes his head and remembers Pepper’s talk on the phone a week ago, about Tony forgetting to turn off the coffee pot and falling asleep on the kitchen counter. “People are concerned about you, Tony. I'm concerned about you,” Rhodey says.
“I haven’t heard of something similar. Have you had that checked?” Doctor Cho asks Rhodey, who blinks in reply, still lost at how this turned around to him and his permanent life question.
If feeling Tony was good, hearing him make all those noises was a hundred times better. It was quickly driving Steve crazy, even more than before, especially when Tony starts to pick up his pace, moving faster and harder.
"I had to make sure no one was around in case I got spotted in the elevator," Tony explains, dropping his items on Steve's nightstand.
Clint actually smiles at him with his mouth full. "I mean sexually," he says and Tony's mouth zips in an undignified way.
Tony swallows and averts his eyes from Steve, smiling down at his lap. With his head bowed, Tony looks smaller than he is, fragile.
“Harold, Harold, buddy, relax—” Tony says, stepping into the living room, in a fancy suit. “This is my best friend Rhodey. Rhodey this is Harold Hogan, he’s my chauffeur—”
Allen does a little pout at that and Rhodey suddenly remembers that's not public knowledge. "Really? Cap and Iron Man?" he asks, a pitch too high.
Steve’s lips curve in an upward smile, but it’s more resigned than anything. “I know you are, Tony—god, I’m so sorry, I’m an ass,” he gives in, letting his face fall on his hand to rub his temple.
"He’s been looking for you, too,” the man shares but Bucky adverts his eyes from him then. Going back to Nadejda far in the back, sweeping the street. “Do you want me to tell him where to find you?" he asks, but somehow it feels like he already knows the answer.
Steve's hard and nearly leaking and he wanted this since Tony's second night in his apartment in Washington but he's completely at loss at how to react when Tony takes him all inside in one go.
Peggy blinks and takes his hand in hers. “Tony has one of the biggest hearts I’ve ever seen in a man. Just like you,” she says, squeezing his hands.
Rhodey catches Tony make it into his suit and kneel down on the pavement. Rhodey takes a breath as he bends down.
“Woah, woah, relax,” Rhodey says, opening his palms at him, but Tony's too busy growling at his arm. “Ok, what's wrong? Use your words,” he asks.
Rhodey looks around them and they move closer to each other on their spots at the table. “It's classified information, Tony,” he says but Tony doesn’t even blink. Rhodey takes a breath before he says: “Okay, there have been nine bombings.”
“What?” Pepper wonders but they’re world’s away, Tony’s focused on the fact that an alien God seemingly got his hands on a special alien object with unclear power capacity.
“Pep, don’t worry. I’ve been doing this since before I could grow a proper beard, remember?” Tony jokes, before he gives her a soft kiss on her knuckles.
's what he wants,” Tony goes on. “He wants to beat us, he wants to be seen doing it— he wants an audience,” he concludes.
Steve looks at him with mild confusion and something else, something Tony can’t quite place, but then he does as told.
“Listen,” Bucky begins, and he takes a step closer to the man. “If you appreciate all these innocent people, you know better than to try anything right now,” he says.
But Maya doesn't even have time to reply before Killian strides into the room, carrying a briefcase. "You know what my old man used to say to me?" asks Killian, taking off his suit jacket. "One of his favorite of many sayings: ‘The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese'."
Tony's wandering around in his facility, just trying to gather enough strength to face Steve and explain why he's the worst, ever, when he spots someone by the arc reactor.
"I know you're hiding more than files," Tony says, turning away from the computer. This was the last HYDRA Research base they knew of. This was the X on the map, the jackpot. "Hey, J, give me an IR scan of the room, real quick," Tony asks.
“No, it’s fine.” Tony dismisses with a wave of his hand. “This is my company and I need to get shit done around here. Which by the way, you’ve done an amazing job. I actually wanted to talk to you about something.”
Then Tony’s kissing him, soft and slow. Steve’s breath hitches in his throat. He had not been expecting this. The kiss doesn’t last very long and Tony is pulling away. He keeps a hand on Steve’s cheek, softly running his thumb over the area.
Steve nods and takes another deep breath. Tony takes his hand and they share a smile before following Pepper.
He lowers himself down beside Steve and reaches for his hand, doing his best not to take offense when Steve moves it away from him.
“Nah.” Tony shakes his head, then he remembers his teammates and Pepper. “Actually, can you let everyone know?”
The team doesn’t know about the letter Steve left or the horrible things he did. Tony lies and tells them it was the failed pregnancies that made Steve snap. They knew he was at his breaking point anyway. Tony would let him take the blame again.
Peter nods his head and ducks behind Steve when he catches sight of the hologram in the kitchen. Steve shakes his head and steps further into the apartment. Peter clings onto him tightly, burying his face in Steve’s side when they enter the kitchen.
“I hope this isn’t too much,” Tony says and he leans in to press a kiss to Steve’s cheek. With his mate calming down, he gets down on one knee.
Tony wanted him to get out and explore the world he had been missing, but he understood that his mate and children weren’t ready for that yet. One day they will be and Tony couldn’t wait to show them the goodness that was in the world.
“He knows.” Tony sighs and rises to his feet. He picks up the car seat and Pepper walks him out. “Thanks for listening, Pep. It helped.”
At the sound of his name Tony is peering up. Their eyes connect for only a second before Tony is glancing back down at the device in his lap. “Hey,” he greets. “How’d you sleep?”
Peter waits by his bedroom door, listening for signs that would indicate that Happy had left. He sighs in relief once he hears the front door open and then shut again.
“Yeah.” Tony winces and tries to stand up, only to collapse back down onto the floor. Steve scoots closer to him, glad to be back with his alpha.
“This is so cool! Is this your only car or...no wait, you probably own thousands of cars! What’s that like? Are they all like this? Do they drive themselves? Do they-”
Tony stretches out his hand, finding Steve’s and giving it a reassuring squeeze. “Hey,” he says softly, and Steve finally looks at him. “He’s okay. You heard what the doctor said. Just a few more days.”
Tony huffs loudly and slants back in his seat. He doesn’t bother signing the contracts, nor does he call Steve’s number.
“No touching.” Tony moves away to work on shedding some of his own clothing. He strips off his jacket and shirt, a part of him wishing Steve could reach out and touch him. Steve could never keep his hands to himself.
“Really? You’re ignoring me now? I mean I guess that’s fair since I blew you off but… dammit, Rogers I need you to answer me! Please tell me I don’t have a kid. I thought you and Barnes…” Tony sighs harshly and takes a second to compose himself. “Call me back. I’m...I’m sorry okay? I’m sorry and I want to talk. I’m ready now.”
They don’t make it far into the briefing before the door is opening and Tony is entering the room. The first thing Steve notices is his husband’s appearance. His skin is clammy and his hair is slightly disheveled, a clear indication that Tony hadn’t even bothered with his usual hair routine this morning.
“You let me sleep in yesterday,” Steve reminds him, his eyes fluttering open and a tired smile forming over his face.
Steve frowns, not comprehending Jarvis’ words. A part of him wants to question the AI, but the other half is curious and wants to find out for himself.
“Is the...is the pup moving?” Steve asks when the image shows the baby stretching its legs. Steve glances down at his belly, hoping to feel the movement.
I think the next chapter will have a baby shower scene and maybe it's time Tony makes an appearance. I'll update as soon as I can!
Tony huffs but allows Steve to introduce him to the alpha his mate has been spending a lot of time with. Sam of course was tall, handsome, and strong. For a moment Tony starts to question his own dominance. But then Steve is intertwining their fingers and shooting him that smile that is meant only for him, and Tony instantly feels better.
“What? Steve, what’s wrong?” Tony comes closer, only to stop when Steve cries out and backs away. “Steve-”
“Yeah.” Steve smiles. He never knew he could love something so much. His heart fluttered every time Peter stared up at him or grasped his fingers.
Steve runs a curious hand over the top of the sketch book Tony included with the supplies. It almost reminds him of the one he used to own, though this one was free from damage brought on from overuse and time. Steve was sure this one will one day receive the same treatment as his old book.
And now he had it and Tony was somehow supposed to be happy for him and move on. But he couldn’t. He wanted to call Steve up and beg for forgiveness, but what good would that do? Steve clearly moved on.
“No!” Peter screams and fights, needing to be back in his father’s warm arms. All he wanted was him. “Please! No!”
There was no point dancing around and Steve gets straight to business. It’s difficult to get the words out, but once he does, it’s like a heavy weight was lifted off his chest and he could breathe again. Then Nick is silent and Steve begins to fear the worst.
Peter lies back against his pillows and gets comfortable. He continues to stare at the picture, at Blue. He keeps one hand over his belly, a smile forming over his face.
Steve’s smile falters and his eyes flutter. Peter knows what’s about to happen next and he lays his body over his papa’s, placing his head over Steve’s chest. He listens to the soft beating of his papa’s heart. He focuses on the way his papa’s fingers feel in his hair.
“Wait,” Steve places a hand on Tony’s chest and pushes him back. “I thought you were having the baby?”
Tony sighs and leans forward, clasping both hands together and rubbing them for a moment. “He does. I hate to admit it but he does. He’s not the same anymore. And I missed all the signs. How the hell did I do that?”
Peter yawns and his eyes flutter open, immediately settling on Steve’s smiling face. He probably can’t see the other two figures crowding around him, but he can scent them. He isn't fussy around them, probably due to the fact that they smell like mama too. They weren’t a threat.
“Yeah...” Steve’s brows knit together in confusion when he realizes they’re driving in the opposite direction of where home was. “Tony?”
“Hold on.” Tony rises to his feet and disappears to the kitchen. He returns a few minutes later with a glass of water. Steve tries not to react when the alpha sits closer to him. “Here,” he hands Steve the glass. “This should help.”
A shaky breath leaves him when Tony reaches for the door knob and turns it. The door creaks loudly when it’s opened all the way. The apartment is quiet; the silence is unsettling.
“Are you from here?” Tony decided to break the silence. He doesn’t know what he’s expecting. Steve had already made it clear that he wasn’t going to engage in any kind of conversation.
“You were going to throw me out! After you knew how scared I was! You knew he was looking for me and you were still going to throw me out.”
“He’s almost here,” Tony says, doing his best to hide the fear in his tone. It must show because Steve is turning his head to glance at him.
The baby was growing more and more every day. The small bump Steve usually kept hidden under his clothes was now becoming difficult to hide. Tony’s purchased him a new wardrobe and continued to add new clothing whenever Steve had another growth spurt.
A sob rips through his throat and he leans forward, resting his hands against the surface of the desk. He hangs his head between his shoulders and sobs.
“I know. I’m just glad it’s you and not some other weirdo in the tower-wait that’s not what I meant! You’re not a weirdo, Happy. I’m just saying that there’s a lot of weirdos in the tower.”
“The caterer should be here soon so I better finish up,” Tony says and removes his hands so he could put them back to work.
“I have a son,” Tony cuts her off and he glances down at the letter he hasn’t stopped reading. There’s a few opened ones around him, but it’s the one in his hand that Pepper takes. “For years he tried to tell me and I...and I did this.” Tony gestures to his lab and the drink in his hand. “I ran away. I’m just a coward.”
“We’re still here, Cap. If it becomes too much then turn to us. If you want me to track him down and kick his ass I’ll do it.”
He makes his way back up until he’s kissing Tony’s lips again. Tony kisses back slowly and Steve feels arms wrap around him, pulling him closer. Steve pulls back slightly, finding Tony’s eyes still closed but a small smile on his lips.
They don’t say much as they follow the trail that would eventually lead them to the spot that made Tony’s heart hurt. Peter points out a few of the newer graves, having seen them too.
I’m so sorry! Life has been so crazy lately and then I had to get sick and ugh. It’s been a mess but I found some time to finally update. It’s nothing special and probably just a filler, but it’s better than nothing, right? Thank you guys so much for being patient and being awesome! I love you all! ❤️❤️❤️
Tony wanders over to the couch while he waits for Peter to return. He doesn’t sit down right away, his attention drawn to the photos hanging on the wall. He smiles at the ones of Peter when he was a baby. Tony follows the row of pictures, his smile growing just like the little boy in them.
“Stop fidgeting,” Tony tells him when he catches Peter toying with the sleeve of his hoodie. “You’re gonna make me start doubting you and I just told Steve I trusted you with my life.”
Steve nods and directs his attention toward the window, watching the city get further away as they near the compound. Being home suddenly doesn’t feel like a place he wants to be.
“She didn’t get that from me,” Tony teases. He turns away to finish up with his tie. He gives up when Steve comes over to assist. “I almost had it.”
Steve might not have his mother to be there to comfort him or Bucky to rush in and save him from the bullies, but he had Tony and that was more than he could ever need. He had his mate, his alpha.
Tony fights again, this time managing to slip one arm free and connect his fist with one of the alpha’s jaws. It had been Rumlow that he had hit, and the alpha snarls angrily and lunges for Tony, only to hold back when he’s ordered to stand down.
Tony is somewhere behind him, preparing the washcloth with his favorite body wash. Tony’s carefully when he runs the washcloth over Steve’s back, huffing when he finds more bruises along his husband’s shoulder blades.
“Going once. Going twice. Kid, I have stuff you can borrow. Go look through it.” Tony gestures to the pile of clothes thrown on the couch.
I'm so so so sorry for the late update! Being sick and having writer's block at the same time is a real pain in the butt. I'm better now and finally got around to updating this one! There is a bit of angst in this chapter because well...it's me so what did you honestly expect? Anyway, hope you all enjoy it!
Steve ends their embrace and gives his son a reassuring smile. “It’ll be fine, Pete. This is my last one. No more missions.”
“Hey,” Tony gently nudges Peter’s arm in hopes of cheering him up. “He was there. Just like I’m sure he’s here right now.”
“If you need help-” Tony starts, only to sigh when he realizes Steve has already left the room. “Dammit,” he curses to himself and scrubs a hand along his face.
Steve is lying in bed, his back turned and he’s curled up in a ball. He looks so small and broken, a complete contrast to his usual self. It’s heartbreaking.
Tony scoffs and shakes his head, unable to comprehend the words Steve was telling him. There was no way this guy was from the forties. None of his story was making sense, and Tony begins to wonder if in fact Steve was completely and utterly insane.
Before he can consider going back into the room, Jarvis is reminding him of the important meeting he has.
Steve goes into labor a couple of weeks later. Peter was earlier than expected. His stubborn attitude proved he was going to take after both of his parents. Tony still liked to joke that their son was more of a Rogers than a Stark. Steve didn’t find it funny. Perhaps because the joke wasn’t funny or because the omega was in labor. Tony figured the latter.
It’s too much and the last brain cell Tony had left advises against it, but he chooses to ignore the warning and let Steve kiss him.
Tony gets down on one knee and helps his son balance. Peter takes a few good steps before plopping down on the floor.
Tony does his best to make up for forgetting about Valentine’s Day. Steve honestly can’t blame him for letting the holiday slip his mind. Their lives were always chaotic and Tony was often down in his lab fixing broken suits or offering upgrades for his teammates, completely getting lost in his headspace. It’s a miracle Tony even remembers to get dressed in the morning.
Peter chokes back a sob and leans forward in his chair, covering his face with his hands and sobbing into them, his body trembling with each sob that escapes him.
Tony is gripped tightly by the two alphas and escorted out of the room. He glances over his shoulder, managing a quick peek at his mate before the door shuts and locks into place.
“Dammit,” Tony curses and runs a hand through his hair. “FRIDAY, please tell me you know what the hell is going on.”
“I don’t think so,” Steve says calmly from his spot on the bed. He shifts in his spot and leans back on one hand, the other cradles the large bump. He blows out a breath when the pressure on his lungs decreases. “You need to go, right?”
“Okay, okay. It’s alright.” Tony takes their son in his arms, rocking him gently when he continues to cry. “Hey, kiddo relax. You’re okay.”
The last person Peter expected to bump into was his crush. MJ had been his crush since as long as he could remember. She wasn’t like other girls his age; she was more mature, wiser, prettier too. Peter had it bad for her.
The call ends and Tony expects to feel at ease now that he’s heard his mate’s voice, but he’s still worried. Steve assured him the pain wasn’t something to be concerned over, and Tony had no choice but to believe him. Steve’s done this before, he knows how this works.
Turns out Tony can follow directions, for the most part anyway. Cooking spaghetti wasn’t supposed to be a difficult task, but with an alpha that had no experience whatsoever in the kitchen, dinner takes longer to prepare. Steve has no trouble coming to Tony’s rescue when the sauce begins to bubble over the pot and splatter the stainless steel stovetop in red. He honestly finds Tony’s inexperience adorable.
Steve lets another sob and Tony pulls him back into his arms, cradling his head and allowing him to cry into his chest.
“I didn’t mean to wake you,” Tony says, lowering himself on the bed near Steve’s feet. “Once she’s done then you can go back to sleep.”
“But at least you’re trying now. To be honest I thought once you learned about me that you’d leave again.”
Flash is heading toward his car when Peter catches up to him. He makes sure to reach into his pocket and make sure the sonogram picture is still there. His life would be even more fucked if someone else stumbled across it.
“It’s-I-it’s um…” Peter’s vision blurs with tears and he peers up at his papa, completely ignoring his dad. “I’m sorry,” he whispers.
“You don’t look so good, honey.” Tony is frowning now and he sits up to get a better look at his husband. “Steve, you look like you’re gonna spew.”
“It looks good.” Tony steps back to admire their work. “Now we just need a mattress and sheets. Did you have any ideas on nursery themes?”
Tony scoots closer until he’s close enough to wrap Steve in his arms. Morgan doesn’t protest from the closeness, and she coos in response. She must miss having both of them like this.
“Nothing.” Steve chuckles and turns back to his own mess. The dining table was littered with ideas for their special day. He was trying to be organized, but planning a wedding wasn’t something he’s ever had to organize for. He never thought marriage would happen to him.
Both his sons whine and pout, their bottom lips quivering and their blue eyes bright with tears. Tony sighs in defeat. His kids knew how to play him.
Tony smiles against Steve’s shoulder and trails his lips a little higher, placing a kiss on the back of Steve’s neck. “I wish you’d let me see you. You’re so beautiful.”
“You never should’ve gone,” Tony scolds. Steve hisses when the cloth comes into contact with the larger bruise on his back. “Sorry,” Tony apologizes and slides the cloth lower.
Tony nods and does as he’s told, counting down when the next contraction starts and Steve pushes again. Steve gets halfway through before he’s crying out.
Tony takes the spot on the other side of his son. He shares a look with Steve, getting a nod of approval. Tony lets out a heavy sigh and reaches for his son’s hand.
“Sometimes I don’t think so. I lost him and now I’m probably going to lose you and I don’t want that to happen because my whole life I’ve thought about you and-”
Tony stuffs the rest of the cupcake in his mouth, then he allows Steve to lead over to the couch where a large pile of gifts is waiting for him. He can't help but whistle at the sight of them all.
He rummages through his room until he finds what he’s looking for then he’s rushing back into the bathroom.
The kicks from within his womb has Steve pausing his preparation and he places a hand over his belly, smiling at the thought of his son. Peter had been calm most of the day but decided now was a good time to wake up and wreak havoc on Steve’s ribs.
“You know he’s-okay, glad it’s not just me that sees it. But he’s fine, right? I don’t need to worry?”
He makes another attempt to get a hold of his husband, only to be met with the same result. The next contraction is already building. One glance at the time shows that it hasn’t even been ten minutes since the last one.
Harley kicks in response. Tony rests his head over the bump and rubs the area with one hand. “We’re so excited. You don’t know how much you being here means to us. We love you so much. And I promise I’m going to be a good dad. Just ask your big brother.”
He’s complied and gave in, but the alpha still hurts him. Steve cries out when he’s kicked roughly in the face, his nose gushing with blood. Steve spits the liquid from his mouth, decorating the dull gray floor beneath him with crimson.
“They haven’t,” Steve says and brings the car seat over to the sofas, setting it down on the floor and sitting down in front of it. He scoots closer to the edge of his seat to adjust the blanket around his son, smiling softly when Peter stirs and yawns.
“Pete!” Steve shouts in surprise and jumps out of bed to investigate the strange substance on his bedroom wall. He reaches out to touch it, face contorting in disgust from the sticky stuff. “Pete, is this-is this
The camera shifts, showing off Natasha and Clint lounging on the sofas, deep in a conversation. Natasha notices the camera first and flips Tony off. He chuckles and moves on, searching for someone in particular.
He expects Tony to pull away, to yell and scream, to throw him out of his home and demand he never come back. But then he’s surprising Steve yet again when he pulls him closer, allowing Steve to sob into his chest.
Of course JARVIS knows where to hit Tony where it hurts. Tony squeezes the glass a little harder, fighting the outburst that’s dangerously close to happening.
Tony shuts off the water and grabs a towel, wrapping it around Steve’s waist and helping him out of the shower. Steve’s eyes are wandering around the room, a choked sob escaping him when he sees the blood.
“I’m sorry,” Peter says softly, “I just wanted to know. He didn’t tell me everything. I guess I thought I deserved to know.”
It’s at that moment when the pups rush toward them, wanting to show their parents just how happy they were. Steve takes Peter into his arms, hugging the little pup and kissing his cheek. Sarah runs to Tony, giggling when he scoops her up.
They fall into another silence. Both babies are sleeping peacefully. Occasionally one of them would stir or whimper, but other than that they remained content in warm arms.
“Tony, I don’t mean to bother you...again. I apologize for all the calls and texts, but I need to tell you something. I haven’t left a voicemail before because I had wanted us to talk over the phone or in person. But it’s clear that isn’t going to happen.”
“I don’t know why you’re freaking out. It’s not affecting you,” Peter says, regretting the words immediately after they left his mouth. He peers up, expecting to find his dad pissed and ready to yell at him all over again.
“Goodnight, baby,” Steve smiles softly down at Harley and presses a kiss to the top of his messy curls. Harley smiles and reaches up for Steve, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck. “I love you.”
“Fine. Just stuffed I guess,” Steve replies. He hasn’t bothered to dig into the cheesecake Tony had ordered for them to share, his appetite ruined.
“I figured. You know I was really freaking out back there. I wasn’t sure if I’d have to deliver this kid.”
Even with his vision blurred, he can still make out the smiley face in the little window of the test. He chokes back a sob and throws the test in the trash. It takes a few moments to compose himself. One look in the mirror shows he needed more time; his eyes are inflamed around the rims and his face is red and blotchy from crying.
It shouldn’t bother him as much as it should. Those feelings he had for Tony never went away. It’s pathetic for him to continue to hold onto something he knew was never going to become a reality. Tony clearly moved on, and it was time Steve did the same.
Peter rolls again, and this time Steve lifts his shirt just in time to catch the tiny foot pressing against the taut skin of his belly. Steve places his hand over the spot where Peter is currently lying.
They’re in the nursery now and Tony lays the items down on the changing table with a huff. Steve does the same before answering the question.
The chance to properly discuss Steve’s plans for the future never happens. The jet would be landing soon and they needed to be ready. Steve promises they’ll sit down and talk later.
Steve steps in next to offer support, but Peter pushes him away too. Peter jumps off of the couch and runs out of the room and up the stairs. A door slams.
Just thinking about what the omega told him makes Tony see red. Steve hadn’t said everything, but the details he did reveal was enough. Tony didn’t know who that alpha was but he hopes he never crosses paths with him.
Tony watches a little longer, attention transfixed on the person lying in his bed. The situation he’s found himself in has yet to fully sink in. The last thing he expected was to bump into this omega and learn he was going to be a father. But it’s not just the unexpected news that’s turned Tony’s world upside down. He finds himself yearning to be closer to Steve.
“Tony,” Steve says again, his tone nowhere as hysterical as his husband’s. “It’s not the end of the world. We can-”
Tony can’t help but smile. Steve had changed significantly over the past few months. He wasn’t as closed off as he used to be. The omega Tony remembers allowing into his car that one cold morning was gone, a new and brighter Steve emerging and taking its place. It was clear Steve was adjusting well and finding peace in his life, but Tony knew time was the real healer. He didn’t know how long it was going to take for Steve to completely heal, but he’d be there every step of the way, holding Steve’s hand through it all.
With a huff of annoyance, Peter lies back on his bed and tries again to button his jeans, but the button refuses to close and he curses loudly. A knock on the door captures his attention and Peter lifts his head up.
Tony ignores the looks of disappointment for him and threatening gazes for the poor omega. Steve has been oblivious to it all. The moment they stepped into the elevator to take them to Tony’s penthouse, he shut in on himself and refused to look at anyone other than the floor.
“I think he does, sir. Peter is his son too. The son he wanted you to take care of. The son you promised to be there for.”
He wasn’t expecting to feel any kind of significance when he agreed to join Nick Fury’s group of unlikely heroes. And to be honest, the first day he met the team members, he didn’t feel like he belonged at all.
The woman trembles and tears stream down her face. She doesn’t appear to be the type to make a stupid decision and disbobey him, but Tony wasn’t going to take any chances. He didn’t need his cover blown now.
Some days that routine is altered. The coffee is always made and the pill is never forgotten, but the run gets left out. Morgan never misses any attention.
This time Pierce had been in the dream. He wasn’t hurting Steve the way he used to do, but instead threatening him of worse to come, laughing at him for believing that everything was okay now. It was just Steve’s fears playing with him and conjuring the nightmares, but they still left him waking unnerved.
Morgan rushes up the stairs to put her suitcase away. She doesn’t bother unpacking it yet, not wanting to waste anymore time. She jumps at the sight of her older brother lingering in the doorway.
“Here goes nothing,” he mutters to himself and moves toward the counter and picks up the test. He flips it over, heart sinking at the negative mark staring back at him. His eyes fill with tears at the results. He tosses the test in the trash.
His stomach drops at the thought of his parents. He’d have to tell them. They were going to want to know how their teenage son ended up pregnant. He’d have to tell them about the stupid party he snuck off too and the alcohol he drank and then lied about.
Tony felt helpless whenever that happened. He had made the mistake of trying to help position her, only to have Steve get upset and bite his head off. Tony made sure to give his husband space whenever it was time to feed Morgan, not wanting to be in the way as Steve liked to call it.
His question is answered when Happy quickly unbuckles himself and scrambles out of the car. The next contraction begins to build and Steve pushes along with it, crying out when his daughter’s head slides out to her brow.
A shaky breath escapes Tony’s lips. “That’s-that’s what I regret. I should’ve called him back. I’m sorry, kid.”
But he couldn’t go back to that. It was a mistake rushing into that relationship. They still didn’t really know each other. Peter had been blinded, only seeing what he thought was good. And maybe his dad wasn’t a bad guy, but he wasn’t the person Peter had dreamt about.
“It’s fine. I...I am taking a lot of their time and it’s not fair to you. Between Harley and I...I get where you’re coming from. I guess it was easier before all this, huh?”
“Jarvis?” Steve’s gaze lands on the ceiling above him. Tony had reminded him countless times that the AI was everywhere but Steve found himself talking to the ceiling whenever he acknowledged Jarvis.
“Harley,” he says the name even though he knows his son doesn’t know it. The little pup stares at him, a mixture of fear and confusion appearing over his features. “It’s okay. It’s me. It’s Mama.”
“What the hell was that?” Natasha says angrily. She has no problem facing Bucky head on, and she gets up close, not showing an ounce of fear. He wouldn’t turn on her, she knows this, but if he wanted to fight then she’d fight right back.
“I mean the pregnancy. I read in the book that dad’s can experience the same thing. That’s probably what it is.”
Sam smiles and nods. “Taking care of four pups must be pretty occupying. How are they? I know you talked briefly about them during today’s session.”
“Yeah!” Peter tries to be hopeful. “You’re already the best uncle so being promoted to best dad would be awesome!”
“But we wouldn’t get to do this,” Tony finishes and he picks up a pack of diapers and places it in the cart. “We already missed a lot. At least we can have this, right?”
Hearing that has Tony’s heart clenching in the most painful way. Steve put others before him. He probably put Tony’s feelings before his own. Tony wonders how many nights Steve laid awake thinking about him and the way things had been left. Steve was probably devastated but determined to reach out to Tony and make things right.
Bucky scoffs and leans back in his seat. His eyes land on Peter, the intense gaze making the teenager squirm in his chair.
“I wish you would’ve said something sooner. I don’t know who this other alpha is and if he’s still pursuing Steve-”
Ned spots him immediately and waves him over. Peter takes his original spot, unable to meet Ned’s worried gaze at first.
“That’s it,” Tony says and Steve glances at him. “We tried to give you a chance and you’re still being hush hush about this. Butt in the living room. Now.”
He grows braver and trails his hand down until he reaches the band of Tony’s charcoal gray slacks. He peers up at Tony, getting a nod of approval. His teeth sink into his bottom lip as he unbuckles the belt secured around Tony’s waist and pops open the button of his slacks. Steve slides his hand down the front, feeling Tony for the first time in months.
Tony wasn’t a bad guy. Sometime he did stupid things or said the wrong thing, but he wasn’t a jerk like most people painted him to be. His arrogance was just a mask that he wore to hide his real emotions. He had trust issues and shockingly enough he had self-esteem issues too. He wasn’t perfect. He had his flaws and demons. But underneath that all he had a heart. Pepper said so herself he believed everything she said.
Steve hates the image he sees of himself these days. He doesn’t see the skinny kid from Brooklyn or even the big, tough Captain America. He barely recognizes himself at all.
“Just because I’m having his baby doesn’t mean-” Steve’s aware of the dangerous tone he’s using and he cuts himself off. Snapping at his friends was going to do more harm than good. He needed them on his side now more than ever. “I’m sorry. I need to go.”
Tony had gathered all of their friends for a welcome home party. It’s not just Steve who sheds a few tears when he’s greeted by everyone. Bucky is the first to rush to him, which didn’t come as a surprise. Bucky was the one who probably felt the most guilty. Well, as far as friends go. Tony was always going to carry a majority of the guilt.
“It’s tempting.” Sam pretends to think it over. “But I’ll pass. It’s just not possible for you to slow down.”
His back arches and he screams again. “Happy!” Steve reaches blindly for Happy’s hand, finding his free one and gripping it tightly. Happy cries out from the tight grasp.
Tony frowns and gives Steve a thumbs down. “I’m all for the sex but I screwed up and I want to do something you’ll enjoy.”
He pushes his own feelings aside and focuses on his son’s. Peter was the one who should be nervous and scared. His situation was more dire than Tony’s.
“You’re...pregnant?” Tony says, his brows furrowing even more than they already were. Steve nods, his smile widening and his eyes lighting up. Fuck. Tony has never seen him so happy.
He realizes it’s nearly their bedtime and figures Tony had them tucked in and probably on their third story. He wonders if his mate is struggling to get their youngest to bed; Peter refused to have anyone other than Steve tuck him in.
Steve is already home by the time Tony gets back. He’s seated on the couch with Morgan in his arms, a bright smile on his face as he talks to her. Steve glances up when he hears Tony come in, his smile growing wider.
It was a lot harder to pick out a name than Steve anticipated. He had been given plenty of suggestions since he had learned that he was having a boy. Sam Jr. was out just like Bucky Jr. failed to make the cut. His friends meant well but his son deserved his own name.
“Hey, Maguna,” Tony talks to her in a soft voice, smiling down at her when she opens her eyes and connects them with his. “You’re okay, sweetheart. Daddy’s here.”
After he’s done, Peter leans back against the wall of the stall and takes a moment to catch his breath. He runs his hands through his hair, not caring if he makes it messy.
He’s going to leave if Tony doesn’t do something quick. But he doesn’t know what to do or what to say. Steve knew how he really felt.
Natasha scowls, but Steve notices the smile tugging at her lips. “Fine!” She gives in easily. “But only because I love you.”
So Tony does what he does best and keeps it all to himself. It was safer this way. Only he would get hurt. And that was better than hurting Steve.
Steve has turned away, not wanting to stare into his alpha’s eyes as he is taken like this. But the man above him disapproves of his behavior and forcefully holds his jaw tightly, urging him to look at Tony.
He can still smell his scent. He can still feel him on top of him. He can feel him forcing his way inside.
“I’m sorry,” Peter says softly and that’s when Tony looks at him. His brown eyes are full of tears and a few have already escaped and are running down his face.
Tony didn’t understand where Steve’s new attitude had come from. It was like one day Steve woke up and changed. He hadn’t been like this before the baby, and Tony wonders what went wrong since then.
“That’s right. The reason I went to the hospital yesterday was because there was something wrong with the baby. It stopped growing.”
Bringing back a dead Avenger was something SHIELD had been working on for years. The project came with multiple errors, but Nick was determined for it to work. His plan was kept secret. He couldn’t allow the Avengers in on the project until he was confident that it would be successful. They didn’t need any false hope.
“They don’t love me.” Morgan sniffs and uses the sleeve of her sweater to wipe her nose. “All they care about is stupid Spider-Man and Harley.”
It’s tempting to wake him and throw him out like Pepper had suggested. Okay maybe she wasn’t that cruel. It was Tony who said he would throw him out.
He jumps when he senses someone else with him and his head snaps up in the direction of the doorway. His aunt smiles at him.
“She really misses you,” Tony says once they’re in Steve’s private room. Not much has changed since the last time Tony saw it. The only difference was the black sketch book sitting on the little nightstand beside Steve’s bed.
Steve fastens the shield across his back, then walks over to his dresser where his compass lays and picks it up, flipping it open to reveal the picture inside. His son’s smiling face looks back at him. Steve shuts the compass and puts it in his belt.
“We’re in...the sky…” Steve frowns, unable to believe it himself. “A...hellicarrier...I don’t know. SHIELD rescued us.”
Steve disappears to his room when Tony walks Bruce out. They step outside and Tony shuts the door behind him in case Steve was to hear them.
Rumlow turns away to work on freeing Pierce. With him distracted, Tony moves toward Steve and gives him their son, then he quickly reaches for the blade Steve had previously. It was no match against a gun, but it was better than nothing.
Morgan enters her home cautiously and the first person she sees is her brother. He’s on his phone and that’s when she feels the vibration in her back pocket.
“Tony!” Steve calls out for him and this time the alpha looks up, revealing his broken, tear filled eyes. “Tony, please! I’m sorry!”
But at this moment he can’t bring himself to care about the smothering. Peter was scared and confused, and not sure what the hell he was supposed to do. He needed his papa.
Steve is over the moon with excitement and tears of happiness are streaming down his face at the reveal. Tony puts on the same fake smile and kisses Steve tenderly. He wants to be happy that he has a son, but he can’t. It only reminds him of the future relationship he and his son are cursed to have.
“And we brought gifts!” Thor beams, coming over to show off the bear. Steve accepts it with a smile. “How are you feeling?”
Steve’s thankful she doesn’t press for details. She offers another hug and he accepts it again. He inhales her scent, finding solace in it. He yearns for his alpha but he liked Pepper and hoped this was the start of a friendship. It’s been so long since he’s had a friend.
Steve takes a shaky breath. “Yeah. I’m trying, Tony. I’m doing everything they ask of me, but sometimes I wish I never did this. Sometimes I wish I had done things right.”
“Good. We can work on it later if you want. I know you have school in-” Tony pauses to glance down at his watch. He frowns. “-three hours. Why are you up?”
It should be obvious that the next person to wield the famous shield should be Sam, but judging by his face, he’s ready to pass on it. He thinks back to that last real conversation he had with his friend. Steve was going to retire and pass the shield to him. Maybe then, at that moment, Sam would’ve accepted his new role. But he can’t do that now. It doesn’t feel right.
The ominous feeling never does dissipate. It seems like hours pass and Steve is still left lying wide awake in bed. His alpha is close by, snoring softly and in a deep sleep. Steve wishes for sleep to come take him away, but the Sandman refuses to visit him that night.
Finding Rumlow wasn’t going to be easy, but Tony was hoping he’d find the alpha before anyone else did. The last thing he needed was to be overtaken without Steve by his side.
Steve’s eyes are glossy with tears. “That kid is long gone. I want to heal, Tony, believe me I do. I’m ready to try again and…find myself.”
Overtime, it becomes easier to accept the breakup. Steve focuses on the team. As their leader, his time is mostly spent leading their missions and making sure everyone comes back from those missions safely. Tony rarely joined them anymore, but that was to be expected when SI was taking up most of his time.
Tony wraps an arm around Steve and pulls him closer, leaning down to kiss the top of his head. “Goodnight, sweetheart.”
Peter nods and makes his way to the guest bedroom. The door is slightly ajar, piquing his interest and he can’t help but peer through the crack. His uncle Bucky is inside, sitting on the edge of the bed and sobbing. Peter expects to see those same dog tags in his hand, but this time he notices something entirely different. His uncle is holding what appears to be a tiny baby shirt.
After a long, excruciating twenty hours, Peter Benjamin Stark is born. He weighs a little over seven pounds and all ten fingers and ten toes are accounted for. He’s beautiful in every sense of the word.
Steve can’t tear his eyes away from his son’s sleeping face. Peter had only opened his eyes once, giving Steve a glimpse of them before shutting them again. Steve had seen enough; he had Tony’s eyes. Another Stark trait was the dark hair on his head.
“Yeah. I thought about it and you were right. You weren’t trying to take anything away from me; you’re just trying to help, and I was just being stubborn.”
Dodger lets out a huff, then he buries his nose against Steve’s stomach, barking softly and pawing at the area. Tony watches with interest, one brow raising in confusion. He’s never had Dodger act this way around him and he’s never seen it done before with Steve.
Bucky sighs and leans against the entryway of the kitchen, crossing his arms over his chest as he watches his nephew color quietly on the floor of the living room. He’s surrounded by a few of his stuffed animals, but it’s the newest bear that he holds close.
A peaceful silence falls between them. Steve watches intently as his newborn son sleeps, completely entranced by his presence. Steve is careful when he touches him, treating Peter like he’s made of glass. He never wants to bring harm to his pup. He’d do better, learn from past mistakes and be the best mother he could possibly be.
Tony’s careful when he approaches. There’s a slight breeze in the air and Steve’s scent wafts through it, smacking Tony in the face. The natural sweetness Steve normally gave off was there, but his scent was off somehow, tinged sour. It made Tony wrinkle his nose.
The couch does the job, offering as much comfort as it possibly can, but it doesn’t compare to large bed he usually shares with Steve. Tony almost considers swallowing his pride and going back to the bedroom, but then he remembers the dog is currently hogging his spot and with a huff he forces himself to get as comfortable as he possibly can.
His side of the closet has been emptied and a few items he’s accumulated over the years are missing from the apartment. Tony didn’t even bother to stop him.
Steve awakes to muffled voices. It takes a moment for his brain to decipher the voices, then he recognizes Natasha’s. She’s speaking with someone else; he listens closely and realizes it’s Tony. Steve’s eyes flutter and a small groan escapes him, the sound disrupting the conversation in the room.
Tony tosses the letter on the desk and reaches into his pocket for his phone, quickly dialing the number he had tried to forget. It rings and rings and rings until Tony is greeted with the sound of Steve’s voicemail. He sighs harshly and hangs up, then dials again. He gets the same thing, but instead of hanging up, he waits for the beep.
“You nervous?” Natasha is the first to greet him. If she’s apprehensive about the objective, she does a damn good job at hiding it. Steve wishes he could mask his emotions the same way.
It’s difficult to ignore him, but Tony forces himself to do it, instead focusing on getting his daughter’s bag and carseat. He straps her in and places a blanket over her to keep her warm. Steve comes closer, trying to get to his baby.
Pepper inhales sharply and another glance in her direction shows she’s not thrilled with his response. Her soft expression is gone and has now been replaced with a hard one, her jaw clenched and her blue eyes seem to have changed to a darker shade.
Steve swallows hard and lets out a shaky breath. He doesn’t lift his head when he continues, almost as if he’s ashamed to look Tony in the eye. “It’s part of the plan. You were chosen to...to mate...with me.”
“Yeah,” Tony answers. The last thing he needs is for Steve to believe he’s unable to care for their son. He still had five more days left with him before they were switching again. “We did a tour of the facility and then came here for lunch.”
Her eyes flutter open, their gazes locking with one another. Steve smiles down at her. He can already see parts of himself in her tiny features. The rest must resemble those of the alpha that helped create her. Steve was never allowed to view the alphas that came in; his eyes were always covered.
Steve chokes back a sob and that’s when Tony wraps him in a hug. Steve buries his face into Tony’s chest, muffling his sobs and staining the front of Tony’s shirt. He apologizes over and over. Tony just holds him.
The alpha is everything Steve expected him to be. Nick is strong and intimidating. His dominance is palpable. Tony senses it too and he growls low in his throat, warning the other alpha that he didn’t want any trouble.
, is what Tony wants to say but he keeps his mouth shut. It’s a struggle but he forces a smile. “Sorry, honey. I guess I just...panicked for a second.”
“Do what! Steve, listen to me. Whatever you’re thinking, whatever that voice is telling you to do, don’t listen. Just listen to me. Can you do that? Honey, I need you to say something.”
“Sorry,” Tony mumbles, the apology for his mate and not the other alpha. Steve wonders if Tony was even more stubborn than himself.
“You can sit down I guess,” Peter says, gesturing to his bed. Flash glances around the room, silently judging it just like Peter knew he would.
Sam moves from where he was standing behind the sofa to sit down on the arm beside Bucky, letting his hand rest over his husband’s thigh in an attempt to keep him calm.
Sam curses to himself once the phone call from Nick Fury ends. He sits back against the sofa in the common room and lets out a heavy sigh. He knew the phone calls would return and he’d have to resume his role as an Avenger. He just didn’t think it would be this soon.
“I did but not...not this way. I’m miserable, Steve. And I swear I’m trying to enjoy this, believe me I am, but…” Tony trails off. Steve doesn’t miss the way his expression softens and eyes glisten with tears.
“I can help you. Just listen to me okay? Listen to me. Don’t do it. Whatever you’re planning, don’t do it. Think about Morgan. Think about her, Steve. She needs you. I need you.”
“I’m not scared,” Flash tries to make himself seem braver, but he knows his facade is failing. Deep down he was scared.
“Don’t call me that,” Peter says angrily and stomps off toward his bed, plopping down with a huff. “I’m not a baby anymore.”
But now the press needed to learn about Tony’s new mate and their four pups. That’s where things became difficult.
“I won’t hurt him. Alpha will be mad if I do. But I can hurt you. You and I both know the punishment waiting for you.” Brock grips Steve roughly by the shoulder and forces him around. The gun is pressed into his lower back now. “Move. You’re gonna come with me out of here, quietly. One peep out of you and your friend down the hall gets his brains blown out.”
“Uh…” Tony glances down at the phone that’s still in his hand. “I’ll check in. Hey, maybe Nat can watch her a little longer and we grab some lunch? Sound good?”
“We need to be prepared for when this baby comes.” Steve places his hand over the bump, smiling at the thought of meeting his son for the first time. “He’ll be here soon.”
They clear the first level together and then after Sam performs a scan of the other floors, it becomes evident that splitting up was the right choice of action. They’d cover more ground and take their enemies by surprise. It was risky to split up, but Steve knew what his team was capable of.
“He’s sleeping with us,” Tony explains, crossing the room to lay his son on the changing table he put together. He adjusts the blanket around his son, securing it tightly until Peter resembles a a baby burrito. “I have a bassinet in there. I figured it would be easier when he wakes up during the night.”
“No problem.” Tony takes Morgan into his arms and switches places with Steve. “Don’t make a mess of daddy’s suit, sweetheart.”
Steve fights harder than he ever has before, throwing punches and kicks until the men surrounding him fall to the floor. The only two alpha’s standing are the ones that have tortured him for years.
And of course she was the most badass spy that ever lived. Peter was lucky to have the famous Black Widow as family. Well, when she wasn’t kicking his ass.
Tony takes his mate’s hands. “We’re getting out,” he says again. “I won’t let them hurt you or our son anymore.”
Tony peers up at the familiar voice, finding his mate lingering near the doorway of the room. Steve gives him a small smile and steps further inside, making his way toward them.
But sometimes it wasn’t enough. Steve was still hesitant for the world to learn the truth about him and his past. He only left the tower for his therapy sessions, but other than that he stayed home and cared for the pups.
Time appears to be passing slowly after that. They’re left panting heavily and wondering what the hell just happened. Or at least that’s what Tony’s thinking. Through his drunken haze he’s still able to comprehend the situation he’s found himself in. Fuck. He shouldn’t have slept with Steve. What did he just do?
“It’s not your fault,” Sam says, fighting back his own tears. He’s lost count of how many times Bucky has blamed himself for their loss. It just wasn’t their time to be parents and he assured him that they’d get that chance. He was still convinced that they would.
Harley had been unexpected, or at least he had been to her. She didn’t even know her parents had wanted anymore children. But once she came around to the idea of another sibling, she started to like it and imagined having a little sister. There were too many boys in their household. Auntie Nat would agree.
It couldn’t be him. No. It had to be someone else. But he’s the only person that makes sense. He’s the other scent Steve can smell.
“I’m just down the hall if you need anything,” Tony says, snapping Peter from his thoughts. “Or call J. He’s around.”
“You’re really not gonna give him up, huh?” Sam says and Steve glances up at him, his face heating up slightly for being called out. “It’s okay,” Sam laughs. “If it was me I’d do the same thing.”
He’s currently sitting behind his desk, drumming his fingers against the polished surface as he contemplates his next move. Obviously Pepper needed to be in on his secret. It wasn’t like he could keep it from her. Not that he could even if he wanted to. She always knew how to expose his lies.
Tony sighs harshly. He’s regretting confiding in Bruce, but at the same time he needed to talk to someone. After Steve left, Tony couldn’t ignore the horrible thoughts of his husband not being trusted around their daughter. He has FRIDAY keeping a close eye on them and so far all of her updates have been good, but he was still paranoid. He hated it.
He tears his eyes away and snaps his head up when he hears a familiar cry. Natasha is coming toward them with the carseat in one hand and the diaper bag slung around her shoulder. Her eyes are red and slightly puffy; she’s been crying.
“So listen I know I said I wanted to help you, and trust me I do, but I gotta know more. I can’t exactly help if I don’t know all the details.”
“Mr. Pierce,” Tony greets, holding out a polite hand. The other alpha shakes it. “What can I do for you?”
“And don’t think I don’t know where you live, kid. If you try anything funny I’ll find you. Got it?”
He rarely saw Tony anymore. The genius was either down in his lab tweaking his own suits or the rest of the team’s, or he was out in the city taking care of his business. Steve understood that Tony couldn’t be around every second of every day, but when there was a time when they’d cross paths, Tony was distant.
Tony takes the lead, gently pushing Steve down onto the bed and hovering over him. He connects their lips again, slipping his tongue inside Steve’s mouth when Steve moans softly. Steve’s hands find their way into Tony’s hair, running his fingers through the locks and tugging softy.
Of course Peter would have to be living with him. It wasn’t like he didn’t have the space. He could easily transform one of the spare rooms into a place for his son to crash in or do whatever else the kid likes to do.
“He loved Christmas. Every year he was decorating and looking for the perfect tree. We would watch pretty much every Christmas movie out there and stuff our faces with sugar cookies.”
Tony pecks Steve on the lips, chuckling when the room breaks out with a chorus of disgust. Tony only kisses Steve again.
Peter opens the bedroom door and pokes his head out, ears perked for any other sounds than the ones he was currently making. When it becomes evident that he was the only one awake, Peter steps out of the room to investigate the penthouse.
But she doesn’t yell or beat him like he knows he deserves. He doesn’t want to accuse her of turning soft because that would definitely result in a beating.
Tony works on cleaning up the kitchen and putting away the food. The abundance of food and takeout boxes reminds him of all the dinners he used to have with the team. No one could ever make a decision for dinner, leaving him no choice but to order from every restaurant in the city.
Peter sniffs and noses around Steve’s neck, searching for the spot that he associates comfort with. He finds it and sniffs; the sweet scent calms him.
“I know,” Tony sighs and rubs his hand along Steve’s arm. “But you never know. The plan was to get you pregnant first.”
Steve gasps and his hips buck when Tony’s hand wraps around him, stroking the hard flesh from root to tip. With a groan, Steve throws his head back when an indescribable warmth surrounds his cock.
Tony sighs harshly and turns toward his daughter. “How about we work on it tomorrow? We can do that, right? No work or Spider-Man stuff. Promise.”
“Come on, Tony,” Steve says, gently patting the genius on the chest. Tony opens his eyes and turns his head to meet Steve’s gaze. “He’s not so bad. I wish you would just give him a chance.”
“Don’t.” Tony shakes his head. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean what I said. I don’t blame you for any of this. I was an inconsiderate jerk.”
“You okay?” Tony asks. He gets a nod in response. Steve curls up closer against Tony’s side, stretching his fingers out to gently trace one along Peter’s face.
The rest of the dinner passes with ease. Steve opens up more, talking about his childhood and the struggles he faced. Tony almost envies him. He never struggled with money or food like Steve had. He had more toys than he knew what to do with. It was the affection and love he lacked. Steve at least had that.
Tony has Jarvis perform more scans to check the baby’s health. He’s relieved to learn that no issues had been detected. Steve is just, if not more, relieved. He had been worried about his past health complications affecting his pup. He’s already lost one because of it.
“I’m sorry. God, Tony I’m sorry for everything. I want to be me again. I want us to be happy. I want Morgan...I just want us to be a family.”
“I’m glad you’re safe,” Steve whispers to his son. He was glad all of his children were safe. They weren’t locked away somewhere, scared and alone. Wondering when the bad guys would come back to issue more harm.
“Did he like it?” Bucky asks, smiling. His smile quickly falters when he doesn’t get the overly excited response from his nephew. “What happened?”
He tries one more time with the tie, only to huff in annoyance and rip it off. It lands beside his feet and he kicks the sleek material away with a grumble.
Rumlow chuckles again and backs off. For a moment Steve believes he’ll be left alone. He’d rather stay locked up in a dark room than be around Rumlow, but he’s not that lucky, and the alpha takes a hold of Steve again and leads him out of the room.
If he had the chance to turn back the clock he would. He would go back and do things differently. He should’ve told Steve how he really felt. Maybe things would’ve taken a different turn if he had.
“Yes!” Steve moans and throws his head back. He tucks his bottom lip between his teeth, biting down hard enough to draw blood.
Steve hasn’t been the same since they brought Morgan home. The first week with their daughter had been an adjustment; it wasn’t easy caring for a newborn, but somehow they were making it work. Steve had been fine-tired, but fine nonetheless. In fact, there were times when he seemed more than fine. Tony got used to the sparkling smile that Steve wore whenever he was around their daughter.
Tony groans loudly, tipping his head back and shutting his eyes. His fingers grip the sheets beneath him tightly, toes curling from the intense feeling. He forgot how good it feels to have his feet rubbed.
Her parents work harder to share their attention and they’re getting better. Harley is still the baby of the family, and would always hold that title, but he’s learning to share.
Steve didn’t care what they were having as long as their little bundle of joy was healthy. But...a girl would be nice. He had no idea how to be around girls but he couldn’t get the image of a little girl with Tony’s eyes out of his head.
Steve gnaws nervously away at his bottom lip. Tony had a point. They were sleeping just down the hall and Jarvis was constantly on high alert. Peter would be safe. There were no more threats.
Steve grows nervous when Jarvis starts. He’s not used to the new technology of the world, and Tony’s tech was different from what was already out there. But he trusts the alpha.
Steve bites down on his bottom lip. One interviewer didn’t sound so bad. He had caught a glimpse of Tony’s live conference, and just watching it from a tv screen in another room made him nervous. He couldn’t imagine getting up in front of a huge crowd of reporters to tell his story.
“You’re fine, Pete,” Bruce assures, making sure to give Peter a pat on the back before exiting the room.
“Because all you care about is yourself!” Peter yells, then he points at the statue. “And all he cared about was being Captain America. You’re both selfish! You don’t care about me.”
Peter grumbles to himself as he struggles to fasten his fifth pair of jeans. With another failed attempt, Peter quickly discards the article of clothing and adds it to the messy pile on his bedroom floor. He has the same issue with the next pair.
“I do...but then Auntie Nat is upset and I don’t want to leave her but then you guys are also upset and I’d feel terrible about leaving you and-”
But now he had no choice. He fought long and hard to comfort his son, and all of his attempts had failed. He needs help. He needs Tony.
His eyes are shut for not even a minute before he’s being disturbed by his phone ringing. Peter groans and rolls over onto his back, his hand reaching into the pocket of his hoodie to retrieve the device. The first person he expects to be calling is his papa, but when it’s not him or his dad, and instead Happy’s name and picture shows up on the screen, Peter is almost hesitant to answer.
“I did believe you. I do. But you have to understand that at the time none of it made sense. You randomly show up claiming that we met and I’m the father of your unborn pup. It sounded-”
The trip back to New York is set after Steve’s birthday and the baby shower. Steve didn’t know it yet, but Tony was planning a celebration. He couldn’t go over the top like he usually loved to do with his parties; it was too risky to draw attention and plus Steve wouldn’t be too thrilled. He was simple.
The secret organization was their best bet. It helped that Steve was familiar with them, but Tony wasn’t sure if that fact made choosing them better or worse. Would Steve feel reluctant to open up because he knew them? He knew his teammates and still kept his feelings bottled up. He could do it again.
Their youngest pup was missing. Tony figures he must be napping. It was Peter’s favorite activity after all.
Steve turns away when he feels eyes on them and his face reddens again when he catches the doctor staring at them. The smile on her face is assuring, but Steve can’t help but feel embarrassed anyway.
“H-he? It’s a boy?” Steve finally finds his voice. His voice is rough and his throat raw from the screaming. His eyes flutter and his head tips back until it’s colliding with the bed again. He’s so tired.
“Butt now!” Tony points in the direction of the living room. Peter doesn’t even protest and rushes into the living room.
It hadn’t started out bad. For once Tony was in a good mood and not uncomfortable from the pregnancy. He had been the one to initiate it. Steve was never one to deny sex, but now he was starting to wish he had.
“You don’t think I would’ve? I’d give anything to go back and apologize for all the stupid shit I’ve done. But I can’t and it’s...I’m broken up about it. I’m a mess.”
Tony sighs harshly. “I don’t want to fight,” he says softly, taking Steve’s hand and bringing it up to his lips to kiss the soft skin. “I just thought you’d want to actually do this and not wait anymore. Are you afraid?”
And it hurts like hell when Peter shows he doesn’t need him. The ignored calls, messages and voicemails stings. This was karma.
“Great.” Tony lets out a small grunt when he struggles with the other shoe. He finally gets it on and adjusted, then he’s rushing out of the room.
Tony’s turned to pacing the small waiting area outside of the room Steve was rushed to. His eyes glance in the direction of the shut door every few minutes, silently praying for it to open and for him to be allowed to see his husband. But he’s not granted the request.
Peter nods and watches as his dad climbs into his car. Tony rolls down the window and Peter steps closer to say goodbye.
“I know,” Steve turns his head in Tony’s direction, his eyes adjusting quickly to the darkness and making out his mate’s form. “I want us to try.”
“Whoa.” Sam holds up a hand to silence the rambling. “First, take a deep breath. Second, don’t worry about us. I just told you not to worry.”
Tony takes their glasses and sets them down, then he takes Steve’s hand and leads him out of the penthouse.
“Come on,” Tony gently taps Steve’s thigh and the omega pulls himself to his feet. Tony follows and takes his hand, leading him away from the living room and up the stairs. “J, get the lights. Thanks, buddy!” He calls out.
Tony had made it clear that he was on board with whatever decision Steve made. The last thing he wanted to do was push. It took time for Steve to stop blaming himself; Tony had to remind him every day that he had nothing to do with their loss.
“I get it,” Sam waves a dismissive hand. “Four pups all fighting for your attention...I don’t want to take that away.”
The idea to find his dad and meet him doesn’t leave Peter alone. It gnaws at him. He’d give anything to have his father to guide him.
“Don’t talk about them. They’re gone for good. It’s just you, me and Peter; our family. That’s it okay?”
Steve had said nothing fancy, pretty much stressed that to his boyfriend, but it was obvious Tony hadn’t been listening. The outfit picked out for him isn’t what Steve had anticipated wearing for their date. A simple pair of jeans and a nice shirt would have sufficed, but Tony had other plans and laid out a suit for him.
Tony sighs sadly and joins him on the large bed, wrapping his arms around his mate and bringing their bodies close. “It’s okay, Steve,” Tony soothes and he kisses Steve’s head. “It’s not your fault.”
They eat and watch the show in silence. There’s still some awkwardness but Steve would rather have that than Happy giving him the cold shoulder. They were still strangers, and it was going to take time to get to know each other.
It’s not until another soft whimper reaches his ears does Tony pull away to glance over his shoulder. James and Harley are standing in the doorway, tears running down their faces.
He glances back at the awaiting faces of his team members and his husband. Bruce seems the most at ease, and probably the most thrilled to have Tony around again. It made sense. They instantly connected that day in the hellicarrier.
Steve gives in and decides to go down to the medical bay. He doesn’t get far, barely making it to the living room before the pain becomes too much and his knees buckle, struggling to keep him upright. With a groan he slides down to the floor, resting against the back of the couch. He cries out again when the pain gets more severe, and he wraps both arms around his middle.
Peter only begins to fuss when Steve gets him dressed. He kicks his legs, making fastening the little buttons difficult, but Steve manages, feeling proud of himself once Peter is dressed for bed.
Steve appears hesitant at first, then he’s giving in and taking the opportunity to sleep for a while. He warms the bottle and gives it to Tony, then he disappears to the bedroom.
Tony chuckles and gently takes Peter into his arms, mirroring the position Steve had him in. Tony turns his head to press a kiss to the curly brown hair on Peter’s head.
He feels better now that he has two people on his side. He wants nothing more than for his dad to not be angry, but he understands if the anger takes a little longer to fizzle out.
Pepper gives a small shrug in response and she leans back, folding her arms over her chest. “Mr. Pierce said you suggested he bring you home.”
“Is he resting?” Doctor Patterson asks and she steps further into the room. Steve nods and sits up, groaning softly when his back pops. He can’t help but gasp suddenly when his middle twists uncomfortably. Concerned eyes fall on him. “Steve, are you alright?”
Tony doesn’t hold back now that Steve has granted him permission and he picks up the pace, his goal to bring Steve over the edge first. His knot has grown, tugging harshly on the rim of Steve’s entrance. The omega cries out from the feeling and he grips Tony tighter.
“Sorry about that,” Tony quickly apologizes for his absence. He takes his original seat across from Steve. “Just had to meet with someone.”
“It’s fine,” Tony waves it off and directs his attention back to the room. “You did it. You’ve been in this room for what, ten minutes? Not bad.”
“Maybe you’re just scared. Maybe you’re confused. I don’t know. I guess I’ll never know. I hope you listen to this message, Tony. And if not...I guess that’s okay. I won’t push you anymore. Goodbye, Tony.”
His prayers are answered when a man steps out of the car, dressed in a nice suit and designer sunglasses over his eyes. Peter knows what Tony Stark looks like and this man fits the description.
“You can’t hide from me forever,” Natasha says and folds her arms over her chest. Steve scoffs and continues to beat at the bag.
“He’s here,” Steve whispers. Tears are starting to roll down his face. “I-I smell him. I smell him.”
“I just want to kiss you.” The smirk on Tony’s face has Steve second guessing that response, but at the same time he can’t bring himself to care. He wanted to kiss Tony too.
He needed to be strong and to keep pushing forward, but every day it was like his strength was getting weaker and weaker. He couldn’t be strong like his papa wanted him to be.
“Hi, Sarah.” He tries out the name. It fits her. It’s perfect. “You’re so beautiful,” he says, stroking her face lovingly.
Steve lets out a groan and curls forward, pushing as hard as he can. The small grunts he was making earlier is quickly replaced with a guttural moan. The sound catches Tony off guard and he immediately snaps his head in the doctor’s direction.
It’s the sounds of Tony’s cries that has Steve’s eyes shooting open. He tries to turn his neck in Tony’s direction, but the position he’s in prevents him from getting to his husband.
The front door opens and her papa comes in from his morning run. She never used to understand why he would get up before the sun and workout when she herself would rather sleep, but then she started to get it. She would want an escape too.
Dinner is on the stove and the table is set. It had been a while since the dining table had been used for eating, usually its purpose was a storage space. For weeks Steve had been wanting to eat there, but with a new baby and work, they always ended up eating downstairs with the team or from the comfort of the sofa. Tonight that was going to change.
“Morning, kiddo,” Tony smiles. He doesn’t say anything else, and instead dumps the rest of his coffee down the drain and sets his cup in the sink. “I’ll see you later, Pete. I love you.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “I’m gonna be the bigger person here and walk away. And by the way I can make myself food. I’ll make a sandwich right now.”
Tony finishes up the rest of the kitchen, then he joins his family in the living room. Peter already has the movie started and curled up beside Steve on the couch. Tony takes the spot beside his husband, a soft sigh of content leaving his lips now that he gets a chance to be so close to him.
Tony was ready to blame the shift in Steve’s character over the lack of sleep and other changes that came with a new baby. He was still recovering from the birth and it made sense that his body would be thrown out of whack. Tony just didn’t realize how thrown off it really was.
He doesn’t go to his car and drive back to the place he’s been hiding. He still had his penthouse to escape to. His home appears too big now and a part of him regrets returning to this life. Everything seemed so simple back at his lake house. But nothing was simple. It was far from it.
“What’s in the envelope?” Steve gestures with his chin before he takes a small sip from his own mug.
This time would be different. At least, that’s what he tries to tell himself. That little voice in the back of his head laughs at him, reminding him that he was doing the exact same thing his past self used to do.
“You can sit down.” Tony makes a gesture toward the empty spot beside him. Now that Peter was asleep, it’s tempting to get a little shut eye himself.
When Tony’s not hiding away in his lab, he’s upstairs wearing a fake smile and pretending to be happy about the baby like he knows he’s supposed to be. A part of him almost backs out of his plan just because Steve looks so happy and excited. He’s practically glowing. He’s never looked so beautiful.
Steve breaks the kiss and shoves Tony back until he’s landing on the bed. Steve joins him, hovering over him and ducking his head down to connect their lips again. Tony moans into the kiss and grips Steve’s waist, both hands trailing down until they’re resting on his ass. Steve responds by grinding down, rubbing his hardening cock against Tony’s.
Jarvis sighs again. “At least tell him why you’ve decided to lock yourself in here. Let him make the decision to intervene.”
He hasn’t had a sip from the bottle since his last encounter with Peter. It was difficult, especially when all he wanted to do was drink and forget about Steve. But forgetting Steve wasn’t something Tony could ever do. No matter how hard he tried.
“You can sit where you like,” Tony says, waving his hand around the room. Steve nods and takes a seat in the first chair he sees. He curls in on himself, making him appear smaller than he really is. Tony had never seen someone so broken. “You want something to drink? I have water, juice, coffee. I think even some tea.”
More tears escape and this time Peter doesn’t bother wiping them away. He brings his knees up to his chest and wraps his arms around them, sobbing quietly. The pain was still fresh, and he honestly didn’t know if it would ever go away. Time was supposed to heal, but Peter wasn’t sure if he truly believed that.
By the time Steve does get out of bed, Morgan is nearly done with her bottle. Tony glances up when he hears him come in the living room, one brow raising when he finds his husband dressed for the day.
Steve curls up closer to his alpha, inhaling the comforting scent. He’s lucky he gets to be this close and not have to worry about chains keeping him and Tony bound. The moment wouldn’t be for long and Steve tries to relish every second of it.
“I love you too,” Tony says and kisses Steve gently on the lips, then he presses their foreheads back together.
Sam rolls his eyes at the boasting, but he smiles at the reveal. Thor shows his excitement with a booming laugh and he rushes to hug Steve, making sure he doesn’t squeeze too hard. Bruce is given uneasy looks when he shows his own version of excitement. He promises he won’t turn green.
Tony sighs harshly and reaches for the bottle of wine. “Way to go, Stark,” he grumbles to himself as he fills the glass. “Maybe next time.”
Peter knew sneaking onto the Quinjet was a very bad idea. He had done a lot of stupid things during his short life, but nothing as stupid and dangerous as hijacking a mission. A mission he was not supposed to be allowed on.
He’s wide awake now and the thought of going back to sleep isn’t something he considers anymore. His stomach growls; he can’t even remember the last time he ate.
Tony growls and positions himself between Steve’s legs, then he takes his cock and leads it to the omega’s hole. Steve hisses when he’s penetrated and his head falls back against the pillow, his fingers grip the sheets tightly.
Ned is already waiting for Peter near the front of the school. He smiles and waves and Peter rushes over to properly greet his best friend. Ned’s smile falters the second he sees Peter up close and a frown appears over his face.
Steve drops back down to his knees and places both hands over Tony’s belly, his smile growing brighter when Peter pushes against his palm.
“I’ll handle it,” Tony says and he rises to his feet. He leans down to peck Steve on the head, then he makes his way up the stairs and toward his son’s bedroom.
He blames the serum. Maybe if he wasn’t some kind of experiment he’d be able to have a baby. The serum aided him in a lot of things, but it also had its side effects. This just happened to be one of them.
“Hey, you two need to learn to get along. You’re brothers and sometimes yes you fight, but at the end of the day you’re all you guys have. It’s important to stick together.”
Bruce pats Tony on the shoulder before heading down the stairs to wait for his ride home. Tony takes a moment to compose himself, then he enters the bedroom, making sure to give his mate a small, reassuring smile. He gets a tired one in return.
“I know you’re nervous, and you have every reason to be. No one said this was going to be easy, but you can’t give up. This is the start of a new chapter in your life and I know it seems scary now, but I promise you won’t regret it. The first step is always the hardest.”
Finding the omega is easy. Steve can usually be found upstairs in his room or down in the kitchen. Tony’s unsure if Steve has bothered trying to learn the rest of the mansion. Tony never did give him a proper tour. Maybe it was time he did.
Tony scoffs and shakes his head. He wants to believe what Steve was saying, but actions speak louder than words.
Steve had done everything for Peter and had been there for most of his life. Tony’s only been in the kid’s life for a few days. He didn’t compare to Steve. He never would.
Before Tony can ask what Steve means, the door is opening and Happy is stepping in with two cups. He sends a glance in Steve’s way, eyes narrowing.
“We can do it,” Steve assures with a small smile. Despite his best efforts to offer some sort of reassurance, he can’t help the sadness that laces his tone. He loved Tony, more than he probably should, but he keeps that to himself. They were never meant to fall in love.
He’s not sure if he wants to cry or scream. Maybe both. Becoming a parent was terrifying and though he had months to prepare for Peter’s birth, he didn’t feel ready. But now he had Harley and it was too much. A baby was something he always wanted, and he was lucky enough to get two when he thought he’d never get one, but it was too much.
“They don’t look…too bad.” Steve does his best not to wince as he says this. Judging by the look on his son’s face, he knows he’s failed.
“Listen, Pete,” Sam starts, making sure his voice is leveled. Peter looks up at him, and then for the first time in days, glances at Bucky. It’s not a full glance, but at least their eyes met. “We haven’t talked about that night.”
Álvarez blinks a little and interrupts. “I’m sorry, who are you?” he asks, a frown on his face. Tony’s smile drops but then Álvarez cracks and takes Tony’s hand to shake. “You’re Tony Stark. Number one weapon maker for our boys out there and also this guy’s —hey, what’s the opposite of a sugar daddy?” he says, joking.
“Tony.” Steve stretches out from his spot on the couch to put his hand on Tony’s knee, just to stop him from babbling his heart out. “It’s okay. You’re not going to screw up anything,” he assures him.
The Howling Commandos, Steve's former teammates. His comrades. Rhodey had heard about them at some point during ROTC summer camps. They weren't short of legends.
"Holy shit! This is it," Allen breathes. "He's gained his senses, now he's come to kill us," he adds.
He’s been drawing for a few fifteen minutes when she passes by him again, and stops next to him to look at his sheet.
"Did I ask for your opinion?!" Rhodey yells at the man, turning back to him. Walker zips his mouth close and Rhodey lets out a breath. "Just do it," he says, calm this time.
"You mean before you took it," Tony tries to joke but Rhodey just raises his head to give him a straight look.
Pepper stops in her tracks and her face turns white. Tony almost wants to laugh at that but then he remembers how he acted around his soulmate and saves his comments.
He rolls the sleeve of his shirt up and Tony nearly yanks his arm off by pulling it to inspect. “What the hell happened?” he asks and Rhodey sighs.
“I wanted to talk to you about it but now that I’ve heard the Colonel, I think he’s right,” Steve says.
Maya turns back around in her seat to stare out the front windshield. "Yeah, Aldrich Killian," she says, and Pepper sucks in a breath, mute.
“They left a while ago; I said goodbye to some of them when I got here,” Álvarez explains, but he’s a little out of breath. “It’s just you and me, and Bernie and your buddy over there,” Álvarez says, pointing out with his chin to the other end of the bar, where Tony and the bartender are looking at them, then deflect their eyes as soon as Rhodey turns.
lying on the street, right next to the spot Tony’s armor is supposedly in. “Holy shit! That’s some situation,” he says, just as he lands in front of the place. “There you are, Martini. Street level, not like you. Don’t tell me you got a building dropped on you,” he says, taking deep breaths.
Rhodey looks back and then back at Tony and he sighs. “Well, uhm, killing him is not an option,” he replies sarcastically.
“Of course they are, I was directly involved,” Tony comments, approaching Pepper. “Which brings me to my next question, how does it feel to be a genius?”
“Well, I’m not ashamed, either,” Coulson adds, but he looks annoyed. “Anyways, I was wondering if you could sign them for me,” he asks, going back to his friendly voice. “I mean, if it’s not too much trouble,” he adds.
Rhodey shuts the door close after shouting a "Stay here!" to Allen as he approaches the suspicious car.
Tony looks at him, tries to act casual even though he still can’t breathe properly. “Nothing. Everything’s okay, this just wasn’t supposed to happen,” Tony says.
I know there's a lot to discuss here but can we talk about the idea of Bucky being a burlesque dancer in the 40's? 'Cause that stuck with me.
There's glass piercing through his flesh but the chaos has subdued. Tony moves on the floor and looks up to his teammates.
Steve takes a deep breath, trying to think of something, and looks out the window. The sun is coming down, making the ocean glisten and the sky color in a peaceful, pretty shade of pink and lilac. “I hadn’t come to Los Angeles since my touring days during the war,” Steve shares.
He catches the shield without a significant effort and stares into the face of his chaser, looking back to him with a scared surprise on his blue eyes.
“The Stark Industries will have now a new face,” the headline reads, a picture of Tony posing with Stane behind him, his hands on his shoulders. “At the age of 22 —just shy of 23, Tony Stark just became the youngest CEO of a Fortune 500 company in all of history after his father, Howard Stark, died in a car accident last year. Tony graduated top of his class at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and is set to inherit the sixth biggest fortune in America’s history,” the article read.
“Ehhh, not really, no—we’ve talked about that. This is Steve,” Tony adds, in a casual tone. Steve takes Happy’s hand in his and shakes it politely.
So, ugh. We got here. Bucky's fully here and we're on good track (though I'm still looking for proper, actual-human beta readers and not just my funky little Grammarly app).
"Talk to Aunt Peggy. She's been expecting you reach her," Tony adds and Steve draws his chin up again, frowning just a little.
He holds that thought as the chamber closes, trapping his chained body inside. He lets his gaze fall, away from Karpov and his men and this century. And without the slightest intention, he notices it, crystal clear on his flesh arm. It makes the man on his brain choke a breath. Recognize.
Pepper is breathing heavily as the adrenaline rush dies off when Tony calls for her: "Pep?" he says, moving on the floor. "Red hot chili," Tony tries again and Pepper turns, a look of shock in her eyes.
Rhodey frowns at him and Tony blinks slowly. "I— don't really wanna talk about that right now," Tony says.
Tony rolls his eyes. "Oh, God, no. You're gonna have to do that on your own, buddy," he says and Steve laughs, closes the notepad and sits next to Tony.
The Captain moves his shoulders, taking a deep breath, as he raises his eyebrows at him. “And you're all about style, aren't you?” he asks, like he’s mocking him.
He doesn't avert his eyes from those deep brown ones even though every cell of his body is acting like he's been poured with acid.
“I think that’s exactly what he needs,” Rhodey shoots, clicking the doors of his rental truck open. “He needs a chance to get his head right, then he’ll come around to get the help he needs, and that’s when we’ll be able to work with him. It’s the only way this all will work out.”
An hour later he takes off his jacket and puts it on a chair, still watching other people work and go on about their days.
“Very well, sir. The simulations should be done in about fifty-two minutes and Colonel Rhodes is arriving at 6 PM,” his AI says.
Yu stands with a face. He walks over to stand next to Rhodey sitting on the chair and rests on his desk. "To be honest, Barnes' mindset during his crimes is of no consequence to me," he says with a shrug.
Tony shakes his head. "Howard didn't think so," he says, suddenly. "Every time we came over to DC, we'd have to have one of these pizzas. Every time," Tony shares.
had of him. “You know me, I never miss the chance to play hero,” he says smugly and Pepper rolls her eyes.
“He says, ‘Welcome, Tony Stark, the most famous mass murderer in the history of America,” the man repeats, in English.
"We see things differently," Tony tries again, this time opening his arms, helpless. "And maybe that has its advantages but right now, it is what it is," he adds and lets his arms fall to his side. "You trust people, right? You trust the Avengers to do the job. Well, I don't," Tony finishes, shrugging.
She points him to where Tony’s lab is, some room downstairs, and Rhodey follows into the considerable darkness. When he gets down, he finds his best friend fast asleep on the table, softly holding onto a coffee mug.
Tony catches Rhodey on his way towards the elevator and he grabs his dress-jacket, lying on a table after someone picked it up. "Hey, here," he says and makes Rhodey turn to give it to him.
“Well, if he could do that, he could achieve heavy ion fusion at any reactor on the planet,” Doctor Banner replies.
Tony stands there for a while just watching Steve look at the room it took him just a few days to set up. Of course, when he says a few days he means it literally, not stopping to get proper sleep or fuel. Yes, Pepper yelled a lot.
"The Maximoff girl, she's working you, Stark," Fury says, trying to reassure him. "Playing on your fear."
Rhodey gives that a thought but then just shrugs. “Nah, I didn’t feel anything like that. I was just confused, and pissed, but that’s it.”
Fury and Natasha both make a grab for their guns and Tony stands uncomfortably in the back. “Dr. Banner,” the Captain calls. “Put down the scepter,” he orders.
"There's only so much I can do, sir, when you give the world's press your home address," JARVIS retorts, as Tony makes his way upstairs, the armor quickly attaching to him.
Tony’s been staring at the so-called God, sitting strapped in one of the chairs of the jet like he’s some old lady in the bus, expectative but otherwise unconcerned.
“Neither am I,” Rogers says, shaking his head. “He's got the same blood on his hands that Loki does, but right now we gotta put that behind us and get this done,” he says.
The sight of the sun rising slowly in clear sky hurts his eyes a little bit but it soothes his head. Warms him. It numbs down the aches in his chest every time he wakes up panting from a nightmare, as he does almost every day.
"It's a human thing, Tony," Clint says, calling for him. Tony turns with a groan. "Everyone knows once you come into contact with your soulmate, you have to find physical release," he says with a tone that makes Tony feel like he's twelve.
Tony nods. “So that means we can tell Steve about it,” he says, and almost makes up to go but Rhodey stops him.
He has no idea what just happened but he's sure it's got something to do with Loki's little magic wand.
Tony follows him out, finishing his last shawarma. “Look, I know Thor’s cool and all but don’t be jealous, you’re still my favorite,” he says and Rhodey cracks a laugh.
Rhodey almost growled at his question because no, he wasn’t good, something was fucked up inside him and it was manifesting on his soulmate mark. Or the lack of it, to be more specific. “I’m fine,” he lies, putting on his socks.
Rhodey gets to his room with fervent anger on his chest. He opens the door and throws it behind him, Álvarez is reading an Emergency Procedures guideline.
“Then leave it urgently,” Tony retorts but the next second the elevator door is opening to show the Agent guy standing inside. “Security breach. That's on you,” Tony tells Pepper.
Rhodey startles from his desk when he hears the door being opened. He blinks into consciousness and pulls a piece of paper off his face.
"58th Pararescue. But now I'm working down at the VA," he answers and Steve nods. "Sam Wilson," he adds, introducing himself as he offers his hand for Steve to help him to his feet.
"I don't mean to do that all the time," Tony tells him, opening his eyes comically, then he sits next to him.
Tony reflects on that. It’s the first time Bruce is on US soil without being prosecuted by the military. His first time being back after years, Tony guesses.
Natasha scoffs and her entire face burrows in almost a comical way. "I have no idea what you're talking about," she says.
Because seeing Tony's name on his wrist when he woke up was the only thing grounding him since he came back.
"Me? You let them turn me into this," Bucky says, his eyes dark, and in their reflection, Steve can see himself.
Rhodey just looks at his hands and shakes his head, his body is completely acting up. "No. I'm fucking freezing, like my hands are cold and— ugh, I feel
“I would like to introduce you to our guest, Dr. Wu.,” the man says, showing him to who the doctor must be.
He looks at the godawful new design for his suit and feels like this is more than what he bargained for.
Tony shakes his head biting his lower lip. “That’s hot,” he says, before giving Steve a peck that hurts him in his ripped lips. “Oh, sorry,” he says.
“I swear to God, I'm gonna throw you right off the balcony,” Pepper mutters, her finger up in front of his nose, all threatening. “What the hell were you thinking?”
“He would have to heat the Cube to 120-million Kelvin just to break through the Coulomb barrier,” Doctor Banner gives his input.
“Stand up!” he orders Tony, grabbing him by his forearm and pulling him up from the bed. “Do as I do,” he whispers. “Put your hands up,” he says, doing so.
"Not really. Been to a couple of mediocre dates— but the sex's been alright, though," Rhodey says, raising his eyebrows.
Tony takes that in and makes his way around the table, grabbing his phone from his back pocket. “I should probably look into that once my decryption program finishes breaking into all of SHIELD's secure files,” he says.
party. It's just us, your friends, you know, people who care about you— besides, we're also celebrating Rhodey's promotion," Pepper clarifies but Tony knows better.
“I don't have a girlfriend,” Clint says and Tony doesn’t miss when he looks back to Natasha with a serious face and she replies by just putting a straw in her mouth and saying nothing.
But Steve puts his arm on the door and gets inside. “No, no—I, I don’t mind the way you look,” he says. Tony’s gotta give it to him, for all the compliments he’s ever gotten, this one does the most to his gut.
Tony makes the mistake of letting his eyes linger on the back of his head, and before he has time to back-pedal,
Tony swallows and looks back for a second before he looks around him. "And I'm the man who killed the Avengers," he confesses, keeping tears from forming in his eyes.
Tony gives him another look, almost as if to ask him if he's not completely losing his mind. He is but in the good way. So he looks down and lets his eyes do the talking.
“Nowhere specifically. We got some leads on the Ten Rings and now that we’ve proven War Machine is ready for action with mutual agreement, we think we might have the upper hand,” Rhodey explains.
He puts his hands on Tony's hips, sucking on his mouth, and Tony arches his back. "Come on, Cap," he dares, but his voice sounds needy.
“That is an electromagnet, hooked up to a car battery, and it’s keeping the shrapnel from entering your heart,” he explains.
"He's probably still here in D.C. His last hearing didn't go his way," Allen says, a regretful look on his face.
“That's incredible. Essentially you're hacking into the genetic— operating system of an organism,” he concludes, with a bit of her help.
“The brand-newest Iron Man armor, yes,” Tony says and takes a few steps back to look at his own work.
He takes in another breath and takes his time. The room reeks of bleach and body sweat, and paper-money.
Steve knows Sam's right. He just can't bring himself to open up again all those wounds. At least not yet.
CHAPTER WARNING: There's a brief scene of an hallucination, created by Wanda. But I only describe one (spoiler: it's Steve's).
"The timetable has moved. Our window is limited," Pierce explains, pouring himself a glass of milk and then drinking it.
“Captain,” Barton calls, after walking to the other side of the door. Steve looks at him and nods. “Doctor, Stark,” he addresses them both. “Let’s hope we never have to be assembled again,” he adds, with dry humor before he gets inside his car.
“Hell yes, unconditional surrender,” he answers. “Taking down Hydra was a big part of that. But the world hasn’t changed all that much, there’s still a lot of work to be done; a soldier’s work,” he says, slowly, almost rehearsed. “The world can still use a man like you, Cap,” he adds, extending a hand for him to grab and shake, which he does. “There’s a place here for you,” he offers, but all that’s been ringing in his ears is seventy years.
He says goodbye to Tony just shy after 1 AM and then he's landing back to California, settling in his spare room at Edwards. In a few hours, Tony will get to present his new baby to Rhodey’s new superior, General Gabriel, and it could land him on a sooner promotion.
Steve looks at him for longer than Tony can take and he's not sure if he's winding up to kiss him or punch him in the face.
NO HUGE CHAPTER WARNINGS FOR THIS ONE. This one's a bit of a build-up but I hope it gets you all excited for what we've got next, which is Age of Ultron events.
“Ok, but they wanted to help, right? So what’s so different between me and those people?” Tony exclaims.
“That—sounds fucking grim. Hey, let’s not talk about it,” Tony mutters, gaining a bit of cheer by the last bit.
She smiles tenderly and gives him a soft kiss on his cheek. “Stay safe, honey. I’ll see you on Monday,” she says before following after Howard.
Tony wrinkles his nose. "I hate sports references. And besides, Steve would be the coach, if that's the case," he says but Rhodey's already making his way to the exit.
“Mhm, especially not now that he and Steve started getting it on," Clint says, pointing at Steve by the end of the table with his thumb.
Steve knows the vision the Maximoff kid gave Natasha got her pretty badly; she was probably the most shaken out of them all. Which is not an easy feat, given that she’s usually the most unbreakable and strong of them all.
Tony looks to the side, notices they're alone. "Oh, yeah. With zip ties. It's a ball," he says, not even looking at her.
Rhodey clicks his beer with Tony’s cocktail glass and then sips. “I’ve known that since MIT,” he tells him right after he swallows; it’s his eight one, but he feels relaxed enough to let himself go a little. He’s earned it.
Rhodey takes one look inside of the really bright house –thanks to the wide-open windows – and wonders: “So, where is he?”
"Hey, are you okay?" Tony asks, sitting next to him instead. "Oh, boy, I did it, didn't I? I said something dumb and now you’re all down—"
But it’s only when he’s on the flight back home, a few weeks later, that he gets a proper look at how much the air has shifted.
"Shit!" Tony curses into the comms after he hits the shield around the HYDRA Research Base they finally had found.
They all turn to Natasha next but she just lays back on the couch. "No, no. That's not a question I need answered," she says, simply, and sips on her beer.
“I don't know about that, but it is powered by the Cube,” Fury says. “And I'd like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys.”
“What happened? You got cheated on and couldn’t get drunk to forget it?” Tony asked, trying to be funny.
Steve gives him a smile, tilting his head a little. “I guess we’ll have to just talk, then,” he says, shrugging.
Tony swallows his drink. “Sure. I’m just thinking, you know, every time we see each other I have something to show you and this time—” Tony trails, moving one shoulder up. “Well, I don’t,” he adds, tuning to give him an apologetic smile.
The dinner bell rings in the whole mansion and Tony rubs his temple. Another demon for him to fight on his own.
Tony takes a breath and looks closed and distant. More like the Tony he used to argue with him every second in the Helicarrier and less like the Tony who just gave him the best present Steve's ever received.
The ride to the New York facility consists of Tony telling Rhodey all the crazy stories of what he’s been up as the CEO of Stark Industries (“I mean, yes, I’ve pretty much left all the boring CEO stuff to Obie, which is not what Aunt Peggy wanted, but hey, I get to spend all day in my lab just tinkering with stuff. I gave Dum-E and U another sibling, I call him ‘Butterfingers’, you’re gonna love him”) and Rhodey doing a slightly detailed summary of what his pilot training has been like (“So much dirt-eating, Tony, I swear”), but he saves the worst for last, just as they’re about to go into the building.
Tony and Clint have been arguing for the past thirty minutes about Harry Potter, Rhodey had stopped listening when he heard ‘Slytherin’, whatever the hell that was, and was starting to wonder if he should’ve taken a page out of Thor’s book and bailed for the rest of the night.
The woman then takes a few more steps towards him. "Okay, look, I need to be alone with you. Someplace not here, it's urgent," she says.
Pepper puts herself next to him and places her head on his shoulder, right above of where ‘Virginia Potts' is on his skin. “I can help with that,” she mutters, looking out the window, too.
Tony sighs in reply and crosses his arms. "Yeah, duh. I was mad it blew on all of our faces before I could do something about it," Tony comments, looking to the side.
‘Kinda like you’, Tony’s less side of him wants to say. “Still, you are pretty spry, for an older fellow,” he says out loud, because his better side is still no good at all. If the Captain’s already uncomfortable, Tony might as well make him more so. “What's your thing? Pilates?” Tony asks, facing him for the first time.
Allen goes silently to grab the remote and turns on the T.V. to the CNN channel. On the screen, everything’s smoke and chaos.
“I was right about him,” Rhodey adds, serene, looking back at Allen before they make their way to the car.
"Nothing big," Fury says, in a sarcastic sober tone. "Just drop a whole ass city on Earth like some kind of motherfuckin' meteor."
Pepper snuffles. "Yeah, and what about you and your issues? When are you getting help to get that fixed? ‘Cause building a bunch of armors isn't a healthy coping mechanism, Tony," she says, in good nature.
His attempt to get close to Tony, to lay out their status on the whole soulmate thing, to try and get to know him, the real him, not the concocted version of the media, had fail almost entirely, if it wasn't for the fact that for some heavenly reason Tony seems to want to be friends, too.
Natasha gives Bruce a sympathetic look before the scientist covers his face with his hands again in silent regret.
Rhodey sighs and shuts the trunk's door, hard. "Allen, drop it. Move on. I guarantee you, we're not gonna see that guy ever again," he says, but there's a weird tug in his chest at the knowledge.
“Unfortunately, he's still Barton,” Tony jokes after he’s come out of the room they set up for Clint.
He’s three hours past midnight when he finds something useful, laying on the couch in the living room, with a Christmas hat on his head.
“You go to your room, go to sleep. I come down here. I do what I know, I tinker,” he says, after a moment.
Rhodey stares at him for a good minute and then lets out a breath. “Nope. I actually came here to tell you the news personally,” he says and Tony frowns at him. “I’m going back to the desert, Tones,” Rhodey says, almost like tiredly.
"Oh, then he probably wants something else, right?" Allen replies in a fake casual tone. "Perhaps, he's gonna ask for your number," he adds, sarcastically.
"I think you're right, about him not being the same guy. I'm thinking— cloning, right?" Allen theorizes, leaning back on the desk. "Maybe one of those robots, LMD things? They got a hold of Barnes' face and made a few of him. It's crazy and also exactly the kind of thing I would expect these days," he finishes laying back on his chair.
