“I’ll be back.” He says, standing. “I have to use the restroom.” He glares down at the iris as he takes hold of the handle and wheels it behind him. Dean chokes back a chuckle. He really shouldn’t be laughing, he knows, because Cas’s grumpy, inconvenienced facial expressions aside, a cursed object is nothing to goad about, especially a luck curse. But despite the seriousness of the situation
“Yeah, no, you’re right.” Sam regards Cas for a second, frowning. “Let’s get that wrist wrapped, then we can try to figure out what’s going on.”
But he knew that the truth did not matter. Not here. It did not matter how much Castiel loved Dean; it would not be enough to save him.
“Why are you doing this, Castiel?” She asked, quietly. “I know that I have left...that I have not always been the best sister to you. But I cannot imagine why you would rebel in such a way as
He made it to the marbled path, and promptly emptied the contents of his stomach into the nearest bush.
“I think so.” Cas answered. “Some people knit, some paint, some watch slime videos on YouTube. You just happen to like restoring classic cars. It’s not all that much different than putting together models, just on a larger scale, if you ask me.”
Castiel didn’t need to be told twice. As a cry of joy went out through the square, and the group gathered let out a collective sigh, Castiel crouched in front of the block, where Dean looked back at him, green eyes impossibly wide and wondrous. Castiel’s hands fumbled, shaking with a half day’s worth of nerves and grief and adrenaline, as he set at loosening the leather cuffs on Dean’s wrists until they were both free.
Bela was just as much of a bitch as he remembered from the brief moments he’d spent with her throughout the functions of his life that had dictated their proximity to each other was inevitable (balls, banquets, the odd dignitary business, the like), but Castiel was convinced she was much, much worse now (in what Gabriel called her “final evolution,” a reference Castiel did not understand) than ever before.
Cas glares down at him. “No.” He says petulantly; Dean doesn't believe him for a second. “Just...sensitive. It felt odd.”
He moves to straddle Cas’s lap on the bed, his hand slipping underneath his shirt to splay against Cas’s abdomen. He seals their mouths together, slowly exploring Cas and the sounds he makes. After a few minutes, he moves from Cas’s mouth to nose at his neck, seeking permission.
Castiel thrust his sword into the space between the back of Dean’s neck and the executioner’s sword at the very last second, the metal colliding loudly.
I didn’t ‘decide’ anything, Mother.” Castiel corrected her. “If anything, you twisted my arm with this whole ‘tradition’ business.”
He made him feel at ease, as though he could be himself without fear of doing or saying the wrong thing. Even though they had only spent a few hours together, just talking, Dean had made Castiel feel normal. He didn’t have to be a prince around Dean; he only needed to be himself.
Even if Dean tried to tell them, tried to speak out for himself and his cause, Castiel knew that those he’d stolen from would hear none of it. The people he’d stolen from didn’t give a whit what Dean’s reasons were. They just wanted him to pay.
Castiel smiled at him, love and adoration singing in his blood, right down into his very soul. He tangled his fingers with Dean’s. Dean smiled back at him, sleepily, his eyes fluttering.
the face you wore when you smited things, Cas.” Castiel scowls at him, and he holds out a hand placatingly. “Alright, alright, fine. Anyway, you gonna buy the flower or what?”
He stays like that for a few minutes, just kissing Cas and holding his hands, thumbing across his knuckles, both of them slowly rutting against one another. The friction is
“Art.” Haley answered. “I like to paint and sculpt and draw. I dunno, but they think that’s a deadend career with no prospects. They’d never agree to let me go to school for that.”
Dean felt yet another blush creeping up the back of his neck, and he rubbed at it to try and hide his bashfulness.
Sam’s hazel eyes are stark. “A day. She won.” He says. He turns the laptop back towards him, and clicks at a few things before turning it back. On the screen is a newspaper clipping, showing a shining Marjorie grinning from ear to ear next to a very familiar iris. “Does that iris look familiar?”
A few moments later, Cas came strolling back into his kitchen, curiously surveying Dean’s apartment.
Cas grunts in reply, rubbing blearily at his eyes, leaning on one elbow for support. Dean hands him his coffee mug, which he takes a long drink from, despite still being piping hot.
Cas doesn’t say anything as he steps forward and gently lays the iris atop the headstone’s mantel. He rests his hand on it for just a moment, as though in apology, and steps back. Dean reaches out and snakes his arm around Cas’s shoulders, pulling him in close so he can kiss his temple. Cas sighs contentedly and leans into the touch.
expected to find someone within the next year.” Naomi intones. “Caelumean traditional law states that–“
Still, Castiel had been a gentleman the entire evening, just as he’d been raised. The next afternoon found him escorting her through the palace gardens, which she’d seemed to enjoy, at least somewhat.
They lock the door back behind them as they step onto the back patio and head for the garage. Dean tests the side door, and they’re both surprised to find it unlocked. Dean slips inside while Castiel looks once more at the barren flower beds, wondering what they’ll do next. Surely there must be a cure? Sam and Dean had found a cure for the last luck spell they’d encountered; couldn’t they do it again?
Castiel hurried to Dean’s side, reaching out to grasp hold of Dean’s upper arm. Dean growled around the gag and tried to yank back away from his touch, grunting with exertion and pain as his bonds pulled tighter.
“Not much longer, babe,” he says. He takes a drink of his own water, and the expression on Cas’s face gives him pause.
People were going to gather to watch the death of a good man, and they were going to revel in it. They were going to be
“I want you to know,” Dean continued, ignoring Castiel’s silent plea. “That I don’t regret any of it. I wouldn’t take a single moment back.” He kissed Castiel again, a desperate edge to it, as if he were trying to memorize everything about it. “Fuck, Cas, I just wish I had more time.”
Sam smirks, his hazel eyes full of mirth as he looks between them. Cas still has his hand on Dean’s back.
“I’ll grab a broom.” Dean declares, dumping the pieces of glass in the trash can. He points at Cas. “Don’t move until I get back.”
Dean jumps and whirls around to find Sam in the doorway. Sam has a knowing smile on his face, his eyebrow raised as he regards his older brother. Dean feels his face heat up, but he squares his shoulders and looks his brother head on.
He remembered the easy way he’d fallen into conversation with Dean, who’d charmed Castiel to the point where time had become meaningless. He’d been there well after closing, and Dean had made sure to see him to his taxi as he’d locked the doors and turned off the neon sign, and had smiled, saying he hoped Castiel would come by again.
BALTHAZAR: So find one outside their radar. Go to a little dive bar or something off the beaten path that no one would suspect away from your castle. Swim across the moat, wear that ridiculous trench coat you’re so fond of, grab an old baseball cap, pop on a pair of sunglasses, and say your name is Steve. No one will know.
Castiel walked over to the window and pushed back the curtain, looking out onto the city of Celestine and the lights as the city’s nightlife came alive below them. Castiel had loved New York at night; the lights, the sounds, the smells, everything about it had absolutely invigorated him, especially when he’d first arrived in the city, on his own and free for the first time in his life. He sighed and turned away, walking over to the tall bookshelf in the corner. He ran his fingers over the familiar spines and titles, smiling when he found some of them to be quite dusty; his mother would be furious to know the housekeepers had missed a spot, but Castiel relished in this little bit of imperfection. It suddenly made everything around him seem less stifling.
Brandie shrugs. “I’d like to think I’m an open minded person.” She says. “Besides, I lived in a haunted house growing up, so it’s not that far fetched for me to believe other things could exist, too.” She looks down at Natalia’s body. Blood is pooling around her neck where the terracotta shard still protrudes. “What’re you gonna do about her? And that truck outside with all her shit?”
Dean stumbled forward, eyes still trained on Castiel, and grabbed him by the face, kissing him like a man drowning, and Castiel was the very air he needed to breathe. Castiel gave himself over to it, tears of relief stinging at the corners of his eyes, and kissed him back as more cheers erupted around them.
After Brandie had dug up an old rain barrel from the storage unit out back behind the greenhouse, Dean and Cas had wasted no time shuffling Natalia’s petite body into it. They’d sealed it tight and had loaded it onto the moving truck, deciding to take it back to the bunker. The last thing they wanted was anything involving black magic or that was as cursed as the iris to end up at the Hastings Goodwill on their watch. That was a pain in the ass better saved for another day.
Dean swallows, and prays to God or whoever else might be listening that he hasn't just ruined everything, hasn't just lost this precious thing before he could truly have it.
At that moment, Sam rounds the corner of the doorway and comes back in, stopping when he sees Dean leaning down to begin to gather some of the larger pieces of glass from the puddle on the floor.
He can't bring himself to let go. He's closer than he's ever been, and he just can't let go. Not now. He’ll never find the courage to do this again if he does.
“No, I mean, I’d love to get a coffee that hasn’t been flung in my face, if you’re into that kinda thing.” Dean amended, hoping it didn’t sound half as awkward as it felt.
“Damn, I need gas.” He says. “Let’s stop there before we hit the greenhouse, yeah? Then we’ll head home.”
“The good news is, I don’t think it’s broken.” Sam says, dropping Cas’s wrist. “But it’s definitely sprained. I think we have some ace bandages in the bathroom. I’ll go check.”
“You’ve got two working hands, don’t you? You been so spoiled your entire life you don’t know how to open your own door?”
Suddenly, the gun in his hand flies across the room as Natalia flicks her wrist. It fires as it hits the wall, and Brandie yelps as she covers her head and ducks for cover.
Things had started out well enough, with Lord Talbot happily engaging him in conversation about New York; as he had a particular interest in fine art, he found Castiel’s recountings of the various museums NYC had to offer fascinating. Castiel had never interacted much with Lord Talbot, but he found that he greatly enjoyed his jovial company over Bela’s any day.
“No!” Natalia screeches, and lurches for the iris on the ground. She lets go of Dean, who falls to his knees, choking and gasping for breath. He rubs his sore throat, wincing at the scratchy, raw feeling overtop the hickeys Cas gave him the night before.
Gabriel was never the same after Kali’s death. Castiel still mourned the death of his beloved sister-in-law, whom everyone had adored; there wasn’t a soul in Caelum who had not loved her, and the reality that she would never be Queen had been a hard pill to swallow for the entire kingdom. They had all shared in the devastation her death had brought, but no one had taken it harder than Gabriel, especially after the doctor had broken the news that Kali had been six weeks pregnant at the time of her untimely death.
Cas follows him down the hall towards the shower room, the wheels of the shopping cart squeaking quietly as they do so. Dean shuts the door behind them, not wanting Sam to walk by and get the wrong idea -
“Of course.” Cas says as he comes to stand at Dean’s side. “We’ll be sure to drop in from time to time.”
“Cas, what’re you doing?” Dean calls to him. Cas turns his head and sees that Dean is standing at the door, his hand on the handle; he must have successfully picked the lock. “Come back over here; I got it open.”
“Almost done,” Kevin said without Dean having to ask. “Just have to drizzle the vinegarette.” He grabbed a blue glass bottle from a little shelf on the wall and carefully drizzled it over the salad. He handed the plate to Dean.
“That’s why the palace grounds employs cats.” Castiel said, feeling the beginnings of irritation stir deep in his belly. “The palace is not now nor has it ever been infested with vermin, Lady Bela.”
He allowed himself to linger for a moment, leaning his forehead against the door as what he had just done caught up to him.
Dean shakes his head. “That ain’t it, buddy.” He says, and Castiel tries not to deflate at the use of
The men holding Dean stopped him a few paces behind the block, so that he faced the crowd. Castiel saw him lift his head slowly to look, glassy eyed and trepidous, at the block. He saw his throat bob as he swallowed, hard, and he set his jaw, unwilling to allow anyone here know he was scared. He watched as Dean turned his gaze towards the crowd beyond the block, surveying the hooded faces until he caught sight of his family. Castiel saw him give a short, almost unnoticeable, nod towards them, and Sam gave a nod back, still holding tightly to Charlie.
Dean pulls the door of the van down, and locks it closed. He wipes his hands on his jeans and grins at Brandie, who’d gone across the street to the urgent care after they’d stuffed Natalia’s body out of view in the barrel. She has nine neat stitches over her left eyelid, and aside from a mild concussion, she’s fine.
Dean wasn’t gonna lie; he liked Cas. Even though it had been a few days since he’d first met him, Dean could already feel the stirrings of a
“You keep that up, and I'm never letting you leave this bed again.” Dean pants. Cas licks a stripe on the underside of his dick in answer, his eyes never leaving Dean’s, and he almost comes right then and there. “
Castiel knew that Naomi was still processing it all. He could see the conflicted feelings as they passed over her face. She kept looking between the faces before her, but her gaze lingered on Castiel and Dean.
Taylor chooses this moment to bring them their food, politely asking if there’s anything else they need. Dean dismisses the kid with a friendly nod.
As a prince, everything about Castiel belonged to other people. He belonged to his people, his kingdom, his family honor, his traditions. His words and actions reflected who he was in association with, those he was meant to represent, meant to lead. Everything about his life was scrutinized, put upon a pedestal to be seen and apraised and judged.
They don't say anything else for a while, content to simply lay with one another and trade languid kisses between them until finally the feeling of dried come flaking off his chest squicks him out enough to speak up.
Castiel isn't sure what, exactly, drew him to the iris in the first place; he and Sam had dragged Dean out of bed to drive up to Hastings to the farmers market with them, with promises of pancakes at a local diner should he do so. Dean, unable to resist food, had begrudgingly trudged out of bed at 7 AM - or “ass-o-clock” as he called it - to blearily down three cups of coffee before they all loaded into the Impala.
He's entirely lost to everything he's saying, slipping out words of endearment and praise and obscenities in equal measure, and Cas continues to blow him like a goddamn porn star–
If Natalia has up and left in a hurry, she must have had something to hide or run from. It only aids in Castiel’s belief that she is, in fact, the witch they’re looking for.
The sky had begun to darken the closer they'd gotten to the Kansas border, thick black storm clouds blanketing the horizon as lightning flickered. Just as they crossed into Lebanon, the sky opened up. They've driven straight into the storm, rain pelting on the car’s windshield and hood relentlessly. Dean had been hoping to make it back to the bunker before all hell broke loose, but apparently, Mother Nature had had other ideas.
Castiel had casually dated several people during his time in university, though he had never told his mother that. Despite the fact that it’s
Castiel nodded, though he wasn’t sure he could carry through with making Sam a promise, so he didn’t say a word.
Cas nods, and lifts his hips. Dean kisses his way down Cas’s throat and chest as he peels off the other man’s sweatpants, tossing them with abandon in the same vague direction as the t-shirt.
“Stress at work?” Haley asked, and Castiel knew she was looking at the dress clothes underneath his trench coat. Castiel huffed out a laugh.
“Of course, all of this ivy would have to go,” Bela prattled on, gesturing to a wall covered from ground to roof in verdant creeping ivy. “It’s invasive, and such an eyesore.”
“Marjorie Porter, age 84, was found dead in her home a week ago from what appeared to be an accident when the shelf above her bed collapsed and fell on her as she slept. A large geode bookend hit her in the head, and she apparently died instantly.” Sam explains.
“Shh, it’s alright, I got you.” Dean soothes as Cas struggles to find his breath, shaking slightly in his arms, “I got you, sweetheart, it’s over.”
Together, they make their way towards the bunker proper, beelining straight into the kitchen. Cas wheels his iris in behind him and tucks it into a corner of the library before following the brothers into the kitchen.
He steps on the gas, trying to avoid the deeper mud puddles that dot the dusty road leading to the bunker. He's just eased Baby into the garage when he hears the plinking noise of hail as it hits the metal garage door, bouncing on the ground outside. They'd missed being caught in it by mere seconds.
“Whoa, whoa, don’t move!” He says sternly. Cas stops and slowly sinks back into the chair. “I don’t know what’s gotten into you, but don’t move until we figure out what it is, got it?!”
He wants to go further, but that damn shirt is in the way, Bugs Bunny leering up at him like some weird cartoon voyeur. He stops and kisses Cas underneath his ear.
“Of course, you understand that with everyone being excited for your return, you have several publicity events you should start to prepare for. There are charity events you will be expected to attend, banquets, parties, the like. I’ve arranged an interview for you in the next two weeks with the local news station, and of course there will be arrangements for potential suitors to visit. I’ve already arranged for Mr. Crowley to tailor a new suit for you, so you’ll have to go down to his shop tomorrow afternoon for a fitting. I’ve also asked Hannah to take over as your PA, so that you’ll be able to keep track of everything accordingly. I have already arranged for her to seek out the most prospective and eligible suitors and send word that you are looking for a match. I’ve already informed her that gender is not an issue, what with your...what was the term you used again?”
“Now, I’m sure Castiel is tired from his long trip, and would probably like to go to bed.” Chuck said.
When he gets back, he finds Cas has procured the pocketknife from the glove box and is using it to scrape away at a scratch off ticket.
“Let’s get inside, then.” Dean stoops and picks up the muddy tennis ball and tosses it into the shopping cart next to the iris’s pot. He looks up at the sky, the wind tousling his hair, and Castiel swallows against the ever present lump in his throat at his best friend’s unattainable beauty. “I think it’s gonna rain again.”
Still, Dean couldn’t deny that he’d felt the familiar flutter of excitement when he’d realized it was Cas sitting in front of him at the table he’d blindly walked over to, too preoccupied with trying to find a blank page in the little order notebook from the counter and not spilling the glass pitcher of water to notice just who it was that he was even approaching in the first place until it was too late. He’d completely forgotten, for a moment, that Cas hadn’t come alone.
By a quarter hour to noon, the square had packed completely full. Executions of criminals had always been a sort of spectator sport, drawing people in droves to come and witness the event. Refreshments were sold and consumed, children ran about and played games, splashing in puddles while their parents gossiped about who it was they’d be watching die. Some even placed bets with one another, on things such as whether the severed head would roll to the left or the right after decapitation, or whether the executioner would get it in one blow.
“But she didn’t.” Dean reminds him, gently rocking them both back and forth. “You stopped her. She ain’t gonna hurt anybody else, Cas. It’s over.”
, Castiel!” Naomi reasoned. “A worthless ingrate who steals from hard working citizens to further his own means! He is not worth your protection!”
“Don’t worry about it, man,” Dean said. “Seriously, I don’t live far from here, and Tessa should be here in, like, five minutes. I’ll live.”
“We’ll be here, if you need us.” Sam informs him, and is already sitting down at the table, opening his laptop. He smiles encouragingly at Castiel. “We’ve handled luck curses before, Cas. We’ll figure this out.”
“Good.” Dean nods. He sees Cas coming out of the greenhouse; he’s holding the remains of the iris in his hands. “You stay out of trouble.”
“I checked on my way back, and yeah, it’s stopped. It’s still cloudy, but I think the storms are past us.” Sam answers.
Kevin glances around him to peer out the little window in the kitchen door. “Wait, is that Prince Castiel?”
They didn’t have to wait long. Everything fell silent as the clocktower bell rang out through the din, proclaiming that the noon hour had fallen. The crowd parted as a group of soldiers came forward, two at the front and four behind, with Dean held between the middle two. His bruised face was expressionless, his body loose with defeat, not even attempting to put up a fight as he was led forward, bare feet stumbling against the wet, uneven cobblestones of the square. He nearly fell once, and the guards were not gentle as they hauled him back up and pushed him forward, holding onto him tightly.
Gabriel’s visit to New York had been fun, with Gabriel’s cheerful banter and playful antics making it feel almost like the way it used to be, and there were several times during the visit that Castiel had caught himself thinking that maybe, just maybe, things could be, that maybe there was hope his brother would be alright after all. But then they would walk past someone in Central Park that looked like Kali, or they’d see an advertisement for the perfume Kali had worn, or a man would run through the grass with a child about the age Gabriel and Kali’s would have been, laughing and smiling, and Castiel would see the way Gabriel would shrivel, would absolutely look to be on the verge of tears, and he realized very suddenly, that nothing - especially Gabriel - would ever be the same, no matter how hard he tried to ignore it and pretend.
“Thanks,” Dean says, and smiles at him. Cas ushers the iris back into the backseat before he slides back into the passenger seat.
Cas rolls away from him, groaning wretchedly and burying his face in the pillow next to him as he curls into a ball.
He let Castiel lead him into the room adjacent his bedchamber, into the steaming baths. Castiel took his time undressing him, pressing kisses to as much bare skin as he dared, before he eased Dean’s sore and bruised body into the warm water, anointing him with soap and scented oils and rubbing it into his skin before he washed his hair, Dean moaning appreciatively at the feeling of his fingers against his scalp.
Eventually they pull away, breathing in each other’s air between them. They stand forehead to forehead for a few more moments before Dean steps back.
“You're welcome.” Sam smiles warmly at him before he glances at Dean. “Dean, help me get these bags into the kitchen.”
Castiel wishes he could feel the same way, but the issue still stands: he got himself jinxed, and he brought that burden onto his family and into their home. He swallows against the nausea that rises from deep within his stomach at the idea that they may not be able to find out what this is, or how to fix it. If that’s the case, if Castiel is destined to die, same as the people who lost the rabbits foot the Winchesters were talking about, he will not hesitate to distance himself from them. They’re his family, and he loves them (albeit in very different ways). He will not allow harm to befall them for his own misgivings.
“Not yet,” Sam admits. “Still working on it. I was thinking about calling in a favor from Crowley, see if he could get Rowena in on it and see if she could find anything out about her. If she’s the witch we’re looking for, they’d know.”
he feels as he looks down at the slumbering ex-angel on his chest. Cas is completely oblivious to everything going on around him, and he's goddamn gorgeous, with his hair a mess and his features completely at ease. Dean affectionately reaches up to card his fingers through his soft hair, remembering how it felt to wash it the night before.
Hey!” Dean yells, yanking open the door and stepping inside the greenhouse. Natalia looks over her shoulder at him, snarling. Dean levels his gun at her head. “Let her go!”
“Whatever they call them,” Naomi said. “Castiel must begin the process of meeting and entertaining them immediately.”
“Regardless of your feelings towards your impending engagement,” Naomi said a few moments later. “Are you, at the very least, looking forward to being home, Castiel?”
“So,” Dean puts his hands on Cas’s hips, grateful that the greenhouse isn’t on the main stretch of road. Hastings is a pretty cool city, but Nebraska is still a red state. He pulls him closer. “Whatcha gonna do with the rest of that iris?”
“Okay, so I have this idea that your general proximity to the iris may influence the luck associated with it,” Sam explains, slipping easily into what Dean has always called his “geek mode.” “Basically, I think that the closer you are to the iris itself, the luckier you are, but the farther you are away from it, the more the luck wears thin. Make sense?”
Cas’s eyes flash with want and he nods. With permission granted, Dean shimmies his way down and kisses his stomach before hooking his fingers into the waistband and pulling down the boxers. He tosses them mindlessly in the direction of the floor and bends down to lick the former angel clean. Cas gasps and his oversenitized cock gives a half hearted twitch, his toes curling against the bed.
“Yeah, that's pretty normal for a guy after sex.” Dean informs him. He presses a kiss to Cas’s forehead. “Get some sleep. We gotta lot of curse curing to do tomorrow.”
Gabriel winced. “Shit,” he swore. “She’s seen you, what, nine hours and she’s already trying to hook you up?”
Cas is soft beneath his lips and hands as he deepens the kiss, and he returns it immediately, moaning appreciatively in the back of his throat in a way that makes Dean’s downstairs brain very happy. He slides his hand into Cas’s wet hair before he brings it down to cup his face, thumbing at his cheekbone. He swipes his tongue against Cas’s lips, and the former angel grants his entry, and Dean’s hand on his back tightens as he feels the other man melt into it. Dean feels like he's flying.
“What? Have an orgasm? Some would consider it a cause for concern, Dean.” Cas replied with a too realistic to be true innocent face.
In the kitchen, he finds his nine-year old son, and 12-year old daughter arguing over who will sit where. He would normally snap at them for bickering early in the morning, but he was in a way too good a mood to say anything. A few steps away, near the coffee machine, stood Cas, with their 7-month old twins, Rhodes and Bram, held in each arm, bouncing them lightly and talking to them in his normal voice, as if they were adults. His smile widening at the sight, and his heart filling with love, he makes his way towards his husband, and wraps an arm around him, slotting himself against Cas’ back.
Dean intervened. "Okay," he dragged out the word. "Let's just get going and worry about food later."
"He's one of the douchiest angels in the Garrison," Dean answered. "No one likes him. Your coroner buddy looks exactly like him."
"So if crucifixes and holy water don't kill vampires, what does?" Gus asked. "Garlic? Silver bullet?"
"That's up to us to find out, since you two aren't hunters," Dean said. "Sammy, call Cas. I got some suspicions about the friendly neighborhood coroner."
"Listen here, chucklehead," Dean said as he shoved Shawn against a wall. "Stop pretending. We all know you aren't a psychic. If you were, you'd be able to tell us our real names. Now how did you get that information?" He shouted the last question.
“I just want to keep this trip professional. We’re here to catch Despereaux, and nothing else. If we want to go on vacation, we’ll do that another time.”
Shawn clicked his tongue at them all. "None of you have any faith in me! If Jules was here, she'd trust me."
A barista on the other side of the counter asked what he would like to get. It was an unusually deep voice, which made Dean look up. There was a man with bright blue eyes that matched the flower Dean still had in his hand.
“Well Dean seemed pretty sure that they were angels. I mean, isn’t Castiel also an angel? He wasn’t as mean as the others,” Shawn pointed out.
He was suddenly back at his house, sitting on the couch. His dad was in front of him, explaining why his mom wasn’t there. Shawn refused to listen, and he went up to his room. He didn’t answer when his dad knocked on the door. He didn’t eat. He didn’t leave his room for days.
“My name isn’t Lassie,” he all but growled. He then walked toward the door, but Shawn reached out and stopped him.
Cas looked away. "I don't know. I assume Zachariah must be letting the coroner take possession of the body sometimes. I'm not sure if we can do anything about it."
“My baby brother has this ring, and it’s really old and a family heirloom, but it got stolen. He told me not to go after it, but I can’t just let it go. The only thing is, it was stolen by the mafia around here. The Novaks, I guess? And I’m trying to find them.”
It was something beyond platonic, beyond familial. Shawn just didn't have the guts to figure out what it was.
He reached out before he could change his mind and pulled Cas closer to him, crushing their lips together. He felt Cas stiffen for a few seconds before melting into the kiss. He cradled Cas’s face in his hands, never wanting the moment to end. He kind of wished he could remember just this moment, but he knew it had to be taken away.
Sam shook his head. "I don't think so. His name is Shawn Spencer. He works for the police department there, and has solved tons of murder cases. He owns an agency called Psych."
"Well…" Sam peered at the computer screen and clicked a few times. "This other website says no art was actually stolen; that was just a rumor. It's just that the art museums were broken into."
Chief Vick narrowed her eyes. "What about Lassiter and O'Hara?" She asked, gesturing to Jules and Lassie.
Dean looked over at his brother. "That makes even less sense. Why would a demon go through the trouble of breaking into an art museum, just to leave behind some sulfur and not steal anything?"
Cas shook his head, silently dismissing the question. He raised his angel blade toward Zachariah. “Why is he here?” he demanded.
"Well there's something called a Baobhan Sith. It's a monster from Scottish lore. Apparently it appears as a beautiful woman who seduces her victim before drinking their blood. We could be dealing with that."
"You don't kill these things," Dean said. "We do. And sadly, light sabers wouldn't work on these Siths." He pulled out a dagger that looked like it was made from iron. He stabbed the girl that was advancing towards him in the gut, and she gasped. The wound around the dagger started smoking, and she fell to the ground, dead.
Lassiter tried to say something, but Shawn cut him off. "Let me finish. I know usually I'm always joking around about things like thid, but you get a serious Shawn moment here. I thought you hated me, but I've been in love with you for years."
And then there was the matter of how Dean looked at him. As he spoke to him, he had this intense look in his eyes that Shawn had only seen in someone once before. He had seen that same look in Lassie's eyes the one night they were at the bar, and Lassie told Shawn that he astounded him.
"That's not exactly how the spirit world works," Shawn said. "They don't just tell me who exactly everyone is. They tell me jumbled information. For example," he studied Dean. "You've been through a lot of trauma. You like cheeseburgers, and you had one earlier. You and Andre the Giant over there are brothers. You have not only a gun, but also a machete and a dagger. Nice hiding place for the dagger, by the way."
Zachariah looked at Lassie in utter fear, and Shawn realized Dean and Cas were standing in front of Shawn in an almost protective manner. That’s when it dawned on Shawn that maybe, just maybe, this wasn’t Lassie. No, this was someone much more powerful, and much, much more murderous.
Cas looked at Dean, and he felt his heart threaten to jump out of his chest. He cleared his throat. “Fine. As long as no one gets killed. We’ll leave, and we won’t come back.”
"You think I didn't try? I did try! But you wouldn't listen!" Shawn took a deep breath. "Look, I think we should just both take a deep breath, okay?"
Lisa Braeden looked up at them and smiled. There wasn't even a hint of recognition in her eyes. "Hi! How can I help you?"
Shawn just mouthed a silent 'oh'. That's awkward. He guessed these girls weren't vampires. He glanced over at Dean, who had a hardened look in his eyes.
"When I'm around you, I feel something in my chest that I don't feel around anyone else. It terrifies me."
"Okay, so what if I am? That doesn't change anything. You're in love with Juliet. Everyone can see that. So what if I...like...you? So what if I hate watching you be so desperately in love with her? So what if I just want to be your friend, and I keep messing up? So what if I can't help but be a jerk to you, no matter how hard I try not to?" He turned away again. "Forget it. Forget I said anything."
"That's alright. Anyways, this was captured on last night's feed, and it's the only time we've actually managed to catch the thief on screen." She played a recording of the security.
"We should bring along that psychic and his friend, though." He stood up and started to put his jacket on.
Shawn put a finger to his temple and gave them a look as if they were stupid. "I'm a psychic, remember?"
I was planning on actually having them meet up with Despereaux in this chapter, but I guesd that'll have to wait. This is kinda rushed but oh well
"Sounds like a demon to me," Dean said. "But why would a demon be stealing art? Did they just get a new house and they're looking for some nice new decor?" He scoffed.
“But if you take their offer, it can be again,” Shawn pointed out. “I can have my memories washed, too. I won’t remember that you’re...Cain, or whatever.”
Dean glanced at Sam, then looked back at Lassiter. "We apprehended them and are taking them back to our supervisor. They were one of the top most wanted killers."
Dean woke up in the motel they had spent the night at. Sam was already up, drinking coffee while staring at a computer screen. He blinked a few times, trying to get the sleep out of his eyes.
Okay so I don't actually know what happens to the vessel when they're possessed by an angel, so I kinda took a guess. (They probably just black out, like Sam did with Gadreel, but idk I wanted to make it more interesting)
"Did you? I don't recall." Shawn shrugged and looked at Sam and Dean. "So there's a vampire running around Santa Barbara right now?"
"Don't 'Look, Lassie' me! You've been lying to us all since day one! How are we supposed to trust you?!" Lassie turned away and scoffed. "I can't believe I trusted a child in an adult body."
Shawn clicked his tongue at Gus. “Don’t be a mongoose, Gus. He won’t kill me.” He looked back at Lassie. “You won’t kill me, right?”
Carlton saw Lisa shift out of the corner of his eye, and he immediately closed his mouth, stopping himself from saying his next retort. He glared at Shawn, as if to say, 'We'll finish this later,' even though he knew they wouldn't. No matter how much he pretended to dislike Shawn, he actually enjoyed their arguments.
Shawn was still holding Lassie’s hand tightly. They were at the Psych office, after they escaped from Not-Woody.
Chief sighed as Shawn grinned and said, "I'm Psychic Detective Shawn Spencer, and this is my partner, Mr. Clean." Gus folded his arms and smiled like Mr. Clean.
Chief intervened. "Spencer, Guster, we are in the presence of proffesionals. Please stop messing around!"
"Spencer, not everything is about you!" Lassiter turned to Sam and Dean again while Gus just shook his head and left the Psych office. "Listen, I know you guys are probably busy, but would you mind staying around for a while?"
"So since you know that I'm not psychic, I think me and Gus deserve to know who exactly you are," Shawn said.
"Enough of your games Spencer! I'm tired of you always doing this!" Lassiter once again faced Sam and Dean and got out his handcuffs.
Cas nodded. “Good. I’ll...I’ll be going now. Call me if you need anything.” With that, he disappeared.
"A friend," Dean answered shortly before looking back at Sam. "Let's just go check into a motel for the night. I have a feeling we'll be here longer than we expected."
Chief Vick walked up to the four. "Stanley Mordachi. He was found this morning. There are no witnesses, and so far no suspects."
For a second, Zachariah’s face shifted and became more Woody-ish, then went back to being Zachariah.
The blue-eyed man sighed, and after a moment said, “I need to think. Come back here tomorrow at the same time, and I’ll give you my decision. Just...please make sure you know what you’re getting into.”
"He's busy," Shawn said in a whiny voice. "He said he wouldn't go, even for Despereaux. Ha, that rhymed."
"Hunters?" Shawn asked. He glanced at Gus, then back at the fake FBI agents. "We're standing over a human murder, and you're asking about animal murder?"
Zachariah chuckled. “That’s not gonna work, Shawny boy. Right now, it’s like dear old Woody’s sleeping. He can’t hear you.”
Shawn rolled his eyes. "Gus, don't be Randall Peltzer from the Gremlins. This is obviously the work of a vampire."
Dean smiled back, but it didn't fully reach his eyes as he flashed his FBI badge. "I'm Agent Armstrong and this is my partner, Agent Thompson."
They got in the car, and Dean drove to the police station after giving Sam a voicemail, telling him where they were going.
Fifteen minutes later, they were all crowded in the Coroner's room around the body. Woody walked in and smiled. As soon as Sam and Dean saw him, they both gave him intense looks of hatred.
Dean gave him a thumbs-up and stood from the counter. “It’s a date then!” He then promptly turned around and left the store. After he was already out the door, he realized he forgot the blue flower inside. He turned around to go back, but when he looked through the door window, he saw Castiel pick the flower up and give the smallest, softest smile Dean had ever seen. So Dean walked home without the flower.
They walked out to their cars, and Shawn told Dean to just follow him to the Psych office. Once they got there, Shawn led them inside. The lights were off, and when he flipped them on, he frowned.
The drive to Las Vegas was quiet, as long as Carlton blocked out Spencer’s constant talking. He knew Spencer was just trying to keep things from getting awkward, but he didn’t bother giving any more than one-word answers. Eventually Spencer just turned on some music. ‘I Will Wait’ by Mumford and Sons started blasting in the speakers, and Carlton groaned.
Spencer cut in at that point with a cheeky grin. "Don't worry, he's not offended. He's just shocked you could tell that we're lovers in the night."
“Shit, I never took your order!” He groaned. “I am so sorry, I was so caught up in making sure Princess Bitch was taken care of, it completely slipped my mind!”
When Dean wakes up the next morning, it's to the warm body of a former angel in all his naked glory half laying on top of him, his face pressed into Dean’s neck and one leg and arm thrown over him, hugging him close like an oversized koala bear. Sometime in the night, the sheets had gotten kicked down, pooling around their hips, though one cheek of Cas’s ass still shines for all the world to see. He's crowded Dean against the edge of the bed, and he's snoring, which Dean finds adorable but will never admit to.
having him, in every way Cas was willing to give - would make him want to run, get into Baby and hit the highway and never look back, make him want to bottle up every emotion and throw it off the nearest bridge.
“Naomi, lighten up.” Chuck chided gently. “Let the boy settle in; he hasn’t been home in years. Give him time to readjust to life in Caelum, and then we’ll talk about suitors or significant others or swipers or whatever they’re calling them these days.”
(Also, I have a corgi (his name is Argo and I adore him), and I assure you, 14 is entirely too few!)
Dean’s eyes flicked to Castiel, and Castiel felt a surge of anger at the discomfort he saw there. How
With that and a small wave, Brandie turns and walks back into the greenhouse, shutting the door tight behind her.
Cas laughed. “It’s no less than she deserves.” He said. “Especially considering Dean was only defending himself from being treated quite poorly.” He looked ashamed. “I’m sorry I didn’t stop her sooner, Dean.” He said.
He and Cas don’t say anything else while they eat, instead falling into their familiar companionable silence. Cas finishes his sandwich first, settling back into the seat to look out the window.
Bela, on the other hand, complained the entire ride from the airport back to the palace, from everything like the upholstery of the car, to the color the fire hydrants were painted. The one that really grated on Castiel’s nerves, however, was how she would snootily remark on the architecture of Celestine, and make snide comments on the people they saw walking the streets.
Natalia studies him for a moment, eyeing him from foot to head; Dean hates it when evil bitch witches do that. It always makes him feel
Gabriel shrugged. “Last time she was here I literally saw her pull the tail of one of the grounds cats. For no reason.
Cas comes back from the bathroom, iris in tow, a few minutes later. He drops onto his seat and grumbles, reaching for the glass of water Taylor had brought by and chugging half of it in one go. Dean raises an eyebrow.
He takes the handle of the cart and follows Sam down the hall, through the library, and back towards the garage, where they walk through the side door into the scrubby field outside the bunker. The usually dusty earth is still wet and muddy, but just as Sam had said, it is no longer raining, the thunder no longer audible as lightning flashes in the darkened distance.
“Thank you,” Castiel said. “No one is to come in or out unless I say so, and you will tell no one I was here, do you understand?”
“In the library.” Cas answers. He isn’t entirely sure where the location of the iris plays into all this, but he’ll bite. “Why?”
” Natalia spits. “Now, thanks to that old hag, I have to start over somewhere! I had established myself here, had gained popularity and prestige and recognition, but now? No one is going to give my roses even half a glance!” She leans in close, and Dean can smell her breath as she breathes into his ear.
Castiel couldn’t fight the excited, almost childish way his heart fluttered in his stomach, giving him the feeling of weightlessness often associated with roller coaster rides. He wondered, briefly, if that is what angels felt like when they flew.
He's Dean fucking Winchester, and he can tell the gorgeous man between his legs looking up at him with those too blue eyes and spit slick lips from sucking his cock that he loves him, goddammit.
And then it's like Cas’s patience snaps, and suddenly, Cas is dragging his underwear away from his aching erection, finally freeing it. Then he wraps his fingers around the base of Dean’s cock, and without any preamble at all, swallows him down.
“Dean–” Cas whines as Dean latches onto his neck. He tongues at Cas’s pulse point, suckling a bruise there while he rubs the heel of his hand against the hard line of Cas’s erection. “
He walked along the corridors, the heels of his boots tapping against the rough cobblestone, announcing his approach to any who may be listening.
Gabriel was waiting for them by the unmarked cars parked on the tarmac when Castiel and Naomi descended from the plane onto Caelumean soil, his back against the door, ankles and arms crossed, trademark grin on his face. It was good to see Gabriel smile; there had been a time when Castiel had been afraid he’d never see it again.
Castiel nodded. “Thank you.” He said. He forced a smile, and nodded to his parents. “Goodnight, Mother. Father.”
But he knew he couldn’t stay. He would have to go, leave Dean behind. It would be bad, for both of them, if they were caught this way.
“Ahhh, the joys of living in Tornado Alley,” Dean grunts as he opens the door and gets out of the Impala. He hits the button to close the garage door just as lightning cracks outside, thunder booming. “At least we live underground.”
In the end, Gabe did not make Castiel slide down a laundry chute, but instead simply snuck him out the back staff entrance.
“Fuck me, Dean. Fuck me like you mean it. Tear away my panties and fuck me so hard that I feel it for the rest of the week. Fuck me until I come on just your cock and can’t walk straight.”
Castiel hadn’t realized that he had been holding his breath until he let it out when Prince Dean opened his mouth to apologize to Castiel.
The shirt was a bit tight around the shoulders and the jeans was uncomfortable at the crotch, but Dean knew that complaining would get him nowhere – Charlie would personally ensure that he didn’t change clothes before he went to meet Cas. Charlie heard him enter the room and turned to look at him. After giving him an appraising look, she smiled and wolf whistled at him, making him blush at the compliment.
“More? More fingers? I can do that. Or do you want something else?” Dean loved seeing Cas like this, needy and begging to be fucked. Prim and proper Cas who had a thing for dirty talk but never cussed. It gave Dean a thrill knowing that he could get the man to swear, and hearing him swear was so hot, because he did it so rarely.
That night when Dean was lying in bed, he replayed every memory of him and Cas, going through the details of Cas and his interactions with a fine tooth comb, that’s when he realized, maybe Cas did indeed like him more than just a friend. With the realization came a feeling of lightness, because CAS liked DEAN back, as well as a sense of heaviness because Cas was already in a relationship. It was a bittersweet feeling that didn’t leave Dean’s mind until the day of the party, when the Incident™ happened.
Dean waved him off because, really, it wasn’t a big deal. Sure, not a lot of people had seen this photograph but it wasn’t a big deal despite what Charlie said.
Even though they had gotten ready for sleep a while ago, it was after 12 when they finally fell asleep, on the couch of all places. They had been awake, talking about themselves in a manner that seemed a lot like a relationship-y way to Dean, staying up till late, talking and munching on some frozen fries that Cas had heated up. With someone else, this would have scared Dean, but with Cas, it felt natural. And before either of them knew it, they were asleep, in the middle of a conversation about how Dean had restored his car, his Baby, after a particularly bad accident. It was the same accident that had killed his dad but Dean left that part out, along with any talk about his tattoos. That was a bit too personal to share with someone he had known for only a few days.
“Yeah, that would be great. Here, I’ll give Dean the phone now. It’s a Dr. Jessica for you. She says it’s an emergency.”
Finally, after what seemed like a lifetime of pacing around aimlessly and roughly a million aborted calls checking up on Cas, Dean heard a bump just outside his apartment door, followed by muffled voices and then complete silence.
As Dean got closer the details became more vivid. Cas was lying on the ground, or rather sprawled on the ground, and was surrounded by a pool of some liquid which Dean was sure was his blood. His hair was matted to his forehead and there were gashes all over his face.
Finally Dean had had enough. He reached to unbutton Cas’ shirt, right as Cas reached down to unbutton Dean’s jeans. After fumbling with the fly for a while because he kept getting distracted by Dean’s neck beneath his mouth, Cas sucked on it one last time before resting their foreheads together and looked down to see what he was doing. Dean knew the exact second that Cas registered what underwear he was wearing because the sound he made was sinful, and went straight to Dean’s cock, which twitched in an attempt to get free of the satin cage it was trapped in.
Experimentally, Dean rocked his hips slightly, causing Castiel’s dick to line up perfectly with his ass, and both of them groaned in unison.
By the time the four went to bed, Dean was actually wondering if he was sexually attracted to food. Damn his stupid brother. It was all his fault. Of course he wasn’t into food what the fuck even? And although Dean loved his brother more than anything, he couldn’t wait for him to go back, because Cas would never have teased him like that unless he was with Sam and Gabe.
One kiss turned to two, then three, and by the time they made it to the bathroom ten steps away, they were both hard again.
They stayed at the bar for at least a couple hours, but Dean lost track of time. He was with Cas, albeit on a not date, and he was in the familiar territory of The Roadhouse, where he practically grew up. Through the night, they had beer and burgers and pies. Jo and Ellen and Bobby, who was Ellen’s husband and Dean’s surrogate father, all came over to their table to tease Dean and tell Cas that they would whoop Dean’s ass if he was out of line, to which Dean always looked offended and replied, “I thought you all were supposed to be on my team!” They shared some embarrassing anecdotes about Dean from his childhood and taking pity on Dean, Cas shared some of his poor moments. Lapses in judgements as he called them.
as they exit the mall and head towards their cars. Dean interlocks their fingers and smiles at the feeling of Cas’ hand in his own- Cas’ fingers fitting perfectly between his. As they’re standing between their vehicles, Cas turns to Dean and says,
Dean doesn't know how long he sits there, but when his breathing evens out and his vision clears, he's sitting on the bench, breathing to the exaggerated rhythm set by the owner of the hand clenched in his own. One by one, other sensations come back to Dean as he feels the other hand rub his back, and the man (because that was a man's voice, Dean could now hear), telling him to breathe with him.
Suddenly, Cas couldn’t control his laughter and started giggling like a teenage girl. Dean’s bewildered expression surely didn’t help and his giggles turned into huge guffaws, interspersed with ugly snorting. Watching Cas laugh his ass off, Dean also began to smile a bit and soon they both were sitting on the floor, trying to catch their breaths before bursting into a fit of giggles again, over no apparent reason.
Not only did he love spending time with Charlie, but she also always helped put things – feelings – in perspective for him. Which was great because Dean didn’t do feelings. No thank you very much but he’ll pass. Charlie and Sam on the other hand were all about talking about feelings and everything. The next thing you know, they’ll be organizing sleepovers and braiding each other’s hair. God knows both of them have long enough hair for that.
“There is a charity that collects money for the treatment of the kids so that the parents don’t have to compromise on their treatment because of the lack of money. Now I really wish it was under better circumstances, Mr. Novak, but welcome to the family. You can call me Dean, no need for formalities with us. I know this is a hard time for you but if you want, you can talk to some of the other parents here, they would help you feel better maybe. I’m really sorry I can’t say for sure but I’m really optimistic about your daughter’s case.” Dean’s smile turned sad. He hated having to tell parents about their child’s Cancer and no amount of experience would make it easy for him.
That seemed to snap Cas out of a trance and he replied, “Yeah, um, I was downstairs when I realized I forgot my overnight bag at home so I, um, came back. Yeah.”
He knew Cas was bendy but looking at him bent in half, getting fucked, never stopped being Dean’s favorite way to fuck Cas. Dean thrust his hips wildly and he knew he was hitting Cas’ prostate each time by the way Cas moaned.
But as luck would have it, even after dropping off the Sasquatch and his no-Dean-he’s-not-my-boyfriend- Gabe, and not having to share his bed with Cas, the dreams continued, and what’s worse, they actually began to effect the way he interacted with Cas and Cas was beginning to notice.
“Well, I’ve had more to drink at times than that. I once found a liquor store and drank it.” Cas replied, without batting an eye, as if that sort of thing happens to him daily, a cheeky grin plastered on his face. Goddammit, he was the father of a kid, he shouldn’t allowed to be this dorkily cute. It was doing nothing to stop his crush.
Cas jumped onto the counter, stopping Dean from coming any closer by pressing a heel to his chest and locking his knee while he bent the other leg beside him on the counter, giving Dean a clear view of what was hidden beneath the panties.
Asa Fox was a six year old boy with a stubborn tumour in his heart that refused to go away. Since Asa’s family had a history of heart problems, it was not unexpected for Asa to show signs of a heart disease. What was surprising was that the problems began to show up just before Asa’s fourth birthday. Even with a prior family history, it was uncommon for heart problems to manifest in a person so young, so the Fox family had taken Asa to the doctor who looked after Mr. Fox regarding his heart problems as well. Upon finding several anomalies in the test results, his doctor had recommended them to Dean. It took Dean a very small amount of scans to come to the conclusion that there was a tumour in his heart that, because of Asa’s young age, wouldn’t be able to be operated on. So Dean relied on Chemotherapy and Radiotherapy and hoped that the tumour would go away. It all did seem to be working until tonight when Jess called him.
Since this was the first time in a long time that Cas and Dean were spending time together, Dean decided to make it special for them both.
“Okay, where is your mommy today?” usually it was the mothers who came in with the kids the first time.
Sam looked at Cas like he had grown another head. “You said that to Dean, and he agreed? Wow Dean, all these years and you never took a day off and you agreed to him? Kudos.”
“I mean, I love you so much. You can make my day better by just being there for me. Every time I look at you, my heart grows three sizes and I’m overwhelmed by how you make me feel with just a smile. Cas, if I had to choose between you and pie, I’d choose you without a second thought. I
A/N: ANOTHER CHAPTER AND OUT BOYS GET A DATE! FINALLY! I’M NOT TOO PLEASED WITH HOW THIS TURNED OUT BUT THAT’S MOSTLY BECAUSE I DON’T KNOW HOW TO WRITE xD
This made Dean spit out his beer. “What! Everyone knows? Everyone knew before I did? What next? You’re gonna tell me there’s a betting pool going on now? How do you all even know?”
! I’m so close, Cas.” But right as he was about to some, Cas removed his finger, leaving Dean empty and on the edge. Dean whined and Cas soothed him by running his hands across the length of Dean’s sides.
After she had calmed a bit, she took a deep breath and said, “Sounds like someone’s got a little man crush on his best friend, Dean. No don’t try to deny it. Okay think about this, do you hate it when someone flirts with him? Do you catch yourself staring a him a lot? Because that, my friend, are two classic signs of having a crush, and believe it or not, there’s nothing wrong with crushes.”
When only a week was left for Cas’ big birthday bash, almost everything had been arranged. The booze, the food, the birthday pie (a tradition of theirs ever since Dean had made Cas the pie), the guests, and the strippers (don’t ask. That was all Gabe and Dean knew it would do no good to try and stop him). The only thing remaining was making sure Cas got to Douche-thazar’s house in time for the party.
Dean talked for a good fifteen minutes, the longest he ever talked about his feelings, only to realize Charlie was trying not to laugh at him. “It’s not funny, Charlie!” He scolded her, which just caused her to break out into peals of laughter.
As soon as Dean put Cas down on the bed, both of them worked on getting their own clothes off, not wanting to waste even a single second more. As Cas leaned forward to kneel across the bed to retrieve the lube from their bedside drawer, Dean took the opportunity to bury his face in Cas’ ass and spear his hole with his tongue.
Dean answered the call and was greeted by a high pitched screech, that might have left him deaf for sure, if it went on for longer. Just as Dean was about to call her out on it, she stopped to breathe and said, "Guess what!" or maybe saying that she said it was an understatement. She was practically screaming in his ear.
“Fine?” Castiel asked with slight anger. That word brought back too many memories of Dean saying that he was fine when he was absolutely not.
Before Castiel could answer, they heard a snap echo through their heads, and they were transported from the insides of Heaven to the front of the Gate.
Castiel wanted to step forward to offer comfort, but he felt that the hunter needed the distance. So instead, he smiled and looked out at the horizon, the blue sky over dark green treetops. He didn’t know what to expect. For once, he found it hard to decipher Dean, all emotions masked by nerves. “Whatever you have to say, I will appreciate your honesty.”
Dean immediately relaxed and laughed. “Great timing, kid.” He took a step back, giving Castiel room to leave. “It’s okay. Go help the kid. Maybe bring him around for dinner some time, ‘kay? Mom would be thrilled to see you guys.”
He used his hold on the hand to pull Dean up with him, standing from the bed. They stood face to face, and without saying a word, Castiel carefully slipped his fingers under Dean’s flannel, over his shoulders, guiding the shirt down the hunter’s arms until it let go and fell to the floor.
When Jack had started creating new Angels, the first Angels had been ecstatic to welcome their new brothers and sisters. However, Jack had created them in the spirit of his fathers, giving them free will. Even though the original Angels were free to act as they pleased under Jack’s realm, it still created some friction between the old and the new, as the original Angels were still adjusting to the concept of free will. But the new Angels were as kind as their creator, soon gaining the acceptance of the original Angels.
The Demon shied back, crawling along the invisible barrier. It could clearly detect what it was facing. Dean couldn’t deny the rush of satisfaction he felt to see a Demon fear him this way. For all the times when he had had to put on a brave face in front of one of these monsters, knowing they were quicker, stronger, more powerful. Sure, he had skills. But he was still just a man. Until now.
Dean looked at Sam, expecting him to go away, give him some space, but his idiot kid brother stayed where he was. Instead, Dean stood and walked away a few paces, scowling back at his brother to make sure he stayed sitting on the log. Then he nervously wetted his lips. “Hey… Cas. Uhm, I know you’re probably busy, but, er… We talked about you and Jack coming by for dinner, and if you are still up for it, you could come by around seven-ish?…” Dean waited a second, holding his breath for an answer. Then he added; “Cas, no matter what, just give me a sign that you’re okay. That
Sam shook his head, removing the image of what might have had happened to his brother. “Uh, yeah. We think we know how we can fight the Empty. Remember what Cas said when he returned from the Empty?” At the blank looks he received, he quickly clarified. “The first time, I mean. He said that he ‘annoyed an
“Yes, you did.” Castiel agreed with a fond smile. “You did more than anyone could have ever asked of you. Asked of anyone. You carried the world on your shoulders, and still kept going.”
Castiel stepped up from where he had earlier been forced to the ground. He walked to the Demon, putting his hand on its head. The Demon screamed as it was burned from existence. Castiel then walked up to Dean.
That last part, Dean had found it hard to wrap his head around. He had never considered it. That Cas could love him. Like that. Cas was a freaking Angel of the Lord. A higher, celestial being. Sure, Dean had had that fling with Anna, but she was still human at that point. This was Cas. His best friend, his non-blood brother, his… His Jiminy Cricket, always nudging him in the right direction and seeing the best in him. The Angel on his shoulder. Oh, the irony.
Time truly worked differently in Heaven. It only seemed like hours since his arrival when Sam greeted him on the bridge. And in that brief time, Sam had lived a full life.
“Cas!” Dean pushed himself off the ground and tumbled to check on him. He had a bleeding wound where his head had met with the asphalt.
“Exactly. We think that it might be because the Archangels were created in the Empty. God’s first creations, shaped from the energy in the void. For the same reason, we think that the Archangels’ abilities could extent to creations of the Empty. They are made of the same energy. But we are no longer in the void. We don’t have access to the same building stones. After the Big Bang, God had plenty of new energy sources for the Seraphim and other Angels. But not the right sources for more Archangels since he left the Empty.” Jack explained. “If I were to attempt to create a new Archangel or bring one back from the Empty, I would have to attempt to tap into the void. But as you can guess, the Empty is not really compliant right now. For the same reason, we hope that the Empty has not guarded itself and its creations against Archangels, because it is impossible for me to remake them.”
More mumbling and broken voices. Dean closed his eyes and tried focusing inwards instead of on the confusing world around him. But his insides were no less confusing. It was almost as if he could feel the blood as it ran through his veins. And it was running fast, everywhere. But the noise of it slowly faded in time with his slowing pulse.
Castiel was pushed back by the power exploding from the middle of the room. He faintly registered that the humans next to him dropped to their knees and covered their eyes. His mind filled with Dean’s outward screams and inward prayers.
The Demon finally acknowledged that escape was impossible. It turned around and stood tall to face its enemy. Its eyes turned black when summoning its demonic energies. It gave Dean a clearer view of the creature. It was all monster and darkness. No golden glow like what he could see when he looked at Sam and the others. “The poor bastard you’re possessing… He’s dead.”
“Dean... Who lives and who dies was not for you to decide, nor the preacher’s wife. You did the right thing and restored order.” Castiel hurt at the guilt that is visibly weighed on Dean. Despite his anger towards the previous Deity, Dean clearly blamed himself even more.
“Neat.” Dean answered without any enthusiasm. It was eery that the place was so clean. “So, what now?”
“What the hell is that!?” Castiel looked up at Dean’s outcry to find him in much the same position, face twisted in pain from the loud screeching.
“And what, dad?” Dean cut in, feeling that old, lifelong anger taking hold. “Just ignore all the bad shit going on around us? Have a cold beer while we ignore every suspicious death we hear about, knowing that we could stop it? How exactly did you think it was going to play out, huh?” Dean didn’t allow his dad to answer. “This is what you trained us for, dad! All our lives. I didn’t even finish school ‘cause I was out there hunting monsters. What the hell was I going to fall back on? Sam, sure, he would have landed on his feet. He almost made it out until I pulled him back in. That’s on me.” Dean took a breath and continued quieter but more insistently. “Saving people. Hunting things. Family first. That is all I know. That is what you’ve drilled into my head since mom died. And right now, Cas and Jack need our help. So, you can disagree all you want. But I’m not going to just sit back and watch them die if I can do something about it.”
He felt drained when he stepped into his room. For a moment he had forgotten about his previous arrangement and was surprised to find the Angel waiting for him. The room was dark except for a single lit bedside lamp. The Angel stood dead still next to the bed, as if afraid to touch anything. Dean immediately smiled at the sight of him, though Castiel still looked apologetic. “Hey Cas.”
Castiel froze, arms still circled around Dean, body going rigid in disbelief. For a long moment, they just stood there while Dean slowly stopped crying.
“Mary, I am certain that there will be more than enough food.” Jack said knowingly, smiling shyly. Of course. God’s table would never empty.
They smiled at each other. Dean cleared his throat. He had never really had a heart-to-heart with his mom. Not like this. But in this intimate little moment between them, he wanted to say something, to share something with just his mother. This whole thing really had a teenage vibe to it. ‘Hey mom, by the way, there’s this guy in school…’
“Really?” Castiel frowned. “I admit to not knowing your father very well, but I would have guessed that he would not easily change his mind?”
The remaining Winchesters looked at each other. It was not uncommon for other hunters or old friends to stop by, but it was normally for a beer after dinner time.
“I’m alright, Sammy.” Dean put up a hand to reassure his brother. In the quiet room, Dean noticed that his voice was a bit hoarse. Sam clearly noticed as well.
He would have needed someone who actually understood him. Someone who could not let anyone else get hurt either. Someone… A hunter, like himself. Like Sam had found in Eileen. Or a soldier.
“No, I didn’t have the pleasure.” Mary greeted Eileen with a hug. “Welcome. I don’t know if you have other family to go see, but please stay the night. You have to meet Sam’s father too.”
They both looked back at where the Reaper and the soul had been moments before, just in time to see the shooting victim disappear into a white light. The Reaper turned around to look at them, nodding at them before disappearing.
. Though Angels were not the fluffy creatures that he had once imagined, they still represented something pure and good and powerful that Dean felt unworthy of. Especially Cas. He quickly broke the awkward silence. “Damn, I feel like a freaking teenager again.”
Sam huffed out the breath he had been holding as his own smile broke free. He put his arm around Dean’s shoulders, reassuring and grounding. “Dean. This is a good thing. A really, really good thing.”
Castiel felt his heart thump wildly against his chest, and he wondered if Dean could hear it. He hadn’t felt this way in a long time; it was invigorating.
“It’s worth a shot.” Sam agrees. “In the meantime I’m going to see if I can’t find a countercurse, or maybe a hex box to contain it.”
“There you are,” Dean says. “Sammy ran into that organic food store for more of his rabbit food. I told him I'd come find you. You almost ready to go?”
“Dean.” Cas says breathlessly, and that all it takes. Dean hesitates only a second before he closes the inches between them and kisses him.
“Hey, just be glad you aren’t the Crown Prince.” Gabriel smirked. “I dunno if you remember, but Mom tried to hook me up with some crazy chicks.”
see in any brotherly light, despite his callings in the past. He turns and sees Sam unfold the portable shopping cart, and lifts the iris’s pot into it. “This will make it easier for you to move until you can plant it.”
“I wanted to stop by and...apologize for the awkwardness of the situation we find ourselves in.” She said, and for a moment, Castiel’s believed she really was sorry. “I know this has been difficult for you, but you must understand. These traditions have kept our kingdom strong for generations. They ensure that our family will carry on, will be able to continue along a strong line.”
Castiel sighs and looks at Dean as his brother exits the kitchen. Dean has a look on his face that Castiel can’t read; his eyes are soft as he frowns at Castiel, his shoulders tense. He’s chewing the inside of his cheek, seemingly lost in thought as he stares at Castiel’s shoes.
It never comes. Instead, Natalia gives a strangled gasp, and Dean hears the angel blade clatter to the ground. He opens his eyes as Natalia’s grip on him loosens, her eyes blown and wide, and she slumps to the floor.
“I dunno, man, coupla days maybe.” Dean rubs the back of his neck, and looks back at Cas in the passenger seat of Baby. “It smelled ripe.”
Cas shakes his head and closes his eyes. He pushes Dean away and stumbles back, hand groping for the edge of the sink, but instead he grabs onto the handle of the cart with the iris.
Dean and Sam were the ones that stole, so that no one else had to go down with them, so that they were the sole bearers of the burden of their crimes. That’s exactly what Dean was doing here; he was giving Castiel a clear way out.
Your brother was married before his twenty sixth birthday, your father and I were married by your father’s twenty sixth birthday, as was his mother before him, and her father before her, and his father before him, all spanning back 300 years.”
days involving Bela. Castiel and Naomi had met Bela and her father at the airport the day prior, Naomi dressing him in what felt like the stiffest suit he owned, and had schooled him the entire ride about how to woo Bela, to which he’d rolled his eyes when she wasn’t looking, instructing him to remember to kiss her hand and offer his arm, as though Castiel needed to be reminded to be a gentleman.
All sensations were given a new dimension as body caressed body and grace caressed grace. It left no questions between them, no words that needed to be said. By instinct, they knew what the other felt, what the other wanted. It doubled every electrical pulse that ran through them.
“No, no, no, no, no…” The Empty turned around itself. It didn’t seem to know where to start, who to look at, who to yell at. It ran its hands over its ears, trying to shield itself from the noisy surroundings. It finally decided to focus back on its main threat, hissing at Jack. “I will kill them all!”
When they could no longer hold back, every shadow was banished from the room by the golden light that exploded as they clung to each other.
“Wait…” Dean finally caught up to what they were actually talking about. “So, if I’m… And you’re not touching my back…”
After a moment of silence, Dean stepped forward. He didn’t look back. Couldn’t. So, he just stepped up to Jack in the middle of the room. He quickly patted Jack on the shoulder to let him know that it was alright. “Let’s get this show on the road, kid.”
“Keep looking for something that could help us win.” Jack pleaded. With a final nod to both Sam and Bobby, he snapped his fingers, sending himself and the two Angels to the very front door of Heaven.
Dean snapped his eyes open. The lights had faded. Instead, he saw his family in front of him. All of them. They looked concerned. Sam and Cas were kneeling right in front of him. The rest was standing behind them. Sam had a golden glow in him. Cas had blueish white running through him. And over Cas’ right shoulder stood Jack, shining white. So, who was touching his back?
Outside the door, Angels had gathered. They stood in a half circle around the door, staring at the motley crew inside the white room. A small, female Angel stepped forward, eyes wide with hope and wonder. She started rambling at Jack. “We felt it. Did you do it? Is it really possible? Did it work?”
For a moment, they just laid in silence. Castiel was watching Dean, and he knew that the hunter was not sleeping even though his eyes were closed. His breathing was relaxed, but not heavy with sleep.
It was amazing to see them again. Of course, they lived in the Roadhouse, looking just like it had before it was burned down.
Castiel found nothing alarming about the wound except the sheer fact that it was there. Hurting an Archangel so easily was a terrifying feat. He put his hand over the wound before looking to where Dean was pointing. “We were always taught to protect and appreciate God’s creations. Some Angels might consider small items like these sentimental and unbefitting of an Angel. But to me, they were a symbol of the beauty of what our Father had created.”
Sam cleared his throat “How about you let the spirits be weighed in the same way as the human souls are? If they have done well in life, they will be sent to Jack. If not, they will be sent to the Empty.”
The Empty Reaper looked up at the Angels. Dean felt how it studied them. Then it stepped back, slowly moving away.
Castiel’s eyes widened in shock when he caught on to what Dean was trying to ask. “Now? Are you sure?” His voice was suddenly even deeper than normally.
Some time passed before Castiel again broke the silence. “You do know what this means, don’t you? You being an Archangel?”
“I wish for us to be at peace. To find a balance between my creations and your void. We are equally important for all of existence. But I also wish for everyone to receive a death worthy of their lives.” When the Empty didn’t say anything or interrupt, Jack cocked his head and studied his Empty mirror image. “What do
Dean stepped forward and placed a careful, lingering kiss on the Angel. Now, Castiel could feel a small shake in Dean’s lips. “Are you sure?” Castiel managed to whisper into the kiss.
“In the future… No more calling Demons - or anything else for that matter - ‘sweetheart’.” He sealed the statement with a kiss.
“Of course, you can stay here. You are family.” Mary quickly answered the unasked question, smiling even more brightly.
Castiel nodded, eyes squinting as if trying to see something. “You need to consider the grace as a part of yourself. It is not something external for you to summon and guide through your body. It is a part of your body, a part of you. When you establish your intention, the grace needs to be a natural part. Like… Like when you have to break while driving, and your foot moves on its own accord.”
“Which would bring us back to the Archangels being the only creatures we know that might actually be created purely from this primal force, and the only ones who might be able to fight it.” Dean concluded bitterly.
“They don’t weigh anything.” Dean tried stretching them, moving them around with his shoulder blades. He couldn’t feel if they moved above or through the bed. It was as if the wings and the room were two different things, existing at the same time but not really.
Castiel huffed out a laughter that turned into a deep chuckle. It was just like Dean to make a long, rambling declaration and
Sam interjected; “In the meantime, can I keep these books, Jack? And anything else you have that might be relevant? I want to keep looking for something that can help us.”
“Hello Dean.” If Castiel did not already possess the ability to fly, he was sure the familiarity of their greeting would have granted him the gift of flight. He allowed himself to absorb the view that was Dean glowing in the sun. He smiled at the hunter as he continued; “I do not know whether or not to say that I am happy to see you. I guess the correct phrase would be ‘I am happy to see you, though I wish it were under different circumstances’.”
Dean stepped up to his brother, not touching – and keeping a reasonable social distance – but looking at him with all the faith that he felt for his little brother. “We’ll figure this out, okay? I know you. There’s nothing you can’t crack.”
Just like Dean had sensed Sam’s arrival, the rest of their family seemed to sense their approach. Their parents greeted them in front of their childhood home. It seemed misplaced out in the wilderness, and yet the surroundings fit so perfectly. None of them had ever wanted to return to Lawrence. They had avoided it like the plague. But the house, despite the bad memories it might contain, was still the closest thing to a home that all the Winchesters had ever known together. It was still
Dean allowed himself a second to register that the outside of the Gate was an intangible as the insides. The only difference was that the white fogginess was overrun by what looked like Empty Reapers. All pitch-black bodies slamming against the Gate, crawling on top of each other to tear at the pearly, white barrier. There were many more than he had imagined.
Dean moved in his sleep, pressing himself closer to Castiel. The hand that had been casually resting on Castiel’s side snaked around him and now rested on his lower back. Dean was snuggled up against him. Castiel allowed his arm to mirror Dean’s movement and rested it on the small of Dean’s back instead of on his arm. Castiel got the feeling that this was yet another adorable thing about the hunter that was not to be mentioned, only appreciated.
“But…” Sam broke the silence, looking pointedly at Jack next to him. “You’re God. Can’t you just… You know…”
Dean stepped towards the Angel, looking earnestly at him. “This is why I went through this whole thing to begin with. I need to go see if I can… at least do
Of course, his family accepted his choice. Some more reluctantly than others. Specifically, his father had to take a long walk before clapping Dean’s shoulder and smiling. “Whatever makes you happy, son.”
When they popped back into the library, everyone drew a breath of relief. They looked around at each other. Everyone was fairly unhurt, everyone was here.
Dean lifted his head so quickly that Castiel raised his own in response. “You have it, Cas. I really do love you.”
“No time to argue. The Reaper can’t keep the Empty Reaper at bay for long. Jack, send us there.” Castiel cut Dean off.
Then, Dean went to meet his family and friends. And it just never felt right to barge in on his happiness. Castiel was not sure whether or not he was wanted.
“I’d love to. I’m going to go see my parents, but Sam is the one I spent my life with, so…” Eileen looked nervously up at Sam.
Dean smiled. Maybe he could not yet make a big declaration of love as Cas had, but the words were no less true. “Love you too, Cas.”
“Uriel.” Dean choked out. At Castiel’s confused frown, Dean snaked his arms around him and held him close. He looked at his Angel with all the love he could muster in his amused state “Finally got my slice of full-on-grace angel food cake.”
It appeared as a massive, solid door, at least five times his height. It was white, but with the shine of mother-of-pearl. It was engraved with Enochian symbols and enforced with grace, running through the symbols. Everything around the door seemed incorporeal. There were walls and floor, but it was more a sensation than an actual physical surface.
“I’m so happy to see you.” Jack refused to let go, even though Dean tried to tap him out multiple times. Not until Mary walked forward, did the Deity change his focus and hug her instead.
Dean suddenly couldn’t stand the thought that Cas was going to leave again. If they were going to do this thing tomorrow, if Dean might not be here tomorrow, if this were their last day together… or even if it worked, would he still be him? Would they even…
Dean squinted annoyed at the Angel and growled; “I should never have taught you sarcasm.” When Castiel still hesitated, he added. “The wings are only temporary. And you know I hate flying so let’s not waste any time teaching me, okay? I’ll be an awful student anyway. So, come on, let’s go.”
“Sure. But, just so you know, Jack is here and wants to talk about the Empty.” Sam sobered a bit, but one look at Castiel brought the smile back.
Castiel nodded his thanks at his brother and then led them out of the library and down some long white halls. Dean had never seen this side of Heaven before. It seemed almost clinical, giving Dean some unnerving flashbacks to hospitals. Was this really the operation behind Heaven? What happened to the Garden? It was just hallway after hallway of white. Finally, Dean said: “You seem to have a colour theme.”
Damnit. He pulled his hand back. He had hoped that he could avoid the whole grace issue, but physical violence was not going to cut it.
“No! NO! Go back to sleep! SLEEP! SLEEP!” The Empty started yelling at the appearing shapes. When they kept rising, it once again turned back to Jack. “Stop the noise! STOP! STOP! You are waking them!”
“We don’t know.” Castiel quickly answered before any sibling argument could break out. “We have theorised that they might be a natural evolution of whatever the primal force is. That would explain why they can partly manipulate the beings in the Empty but cannot control the being itself. They are only a small subpart of the void.”
“Stay away from me! What the bloody hell is going on!?” The soul pushed itself into the corner of the alley, as far away as it could come from everyone. Poor bastard.
Castiel could take it no longer. We closed the gap between them and hugged Dean tightly. Dean finally let go and sobbed into the trench coat clad shoulder.
Dean huffed out a laugh. “I don’t know. Jack called, so Cas left. I invited them both to come by, but.... I haven’t heard anything.”
The grip around the Demon’s feet loosened, and it stumbled forward. It quickly turned around and ran to attack the group of humans. But it was stopped by an invisible wall. It growled in frustration.
Dean pulled back a bit to have a better look at the Angel “I wanted the thing dead and attacked it. Isn’t that enough for intention and action?”
The Empty lowered its hand, giving up its claim on the souls. Jack quickly snapped his fingers, sending them to Heaven where they belonged.
Dean laughed at himself as he stared at his bedroom ceiling. Who would have guessed that he would become a freaking dog person? A lot had profoundly changed over the last months of his life…
When no one objected, he started laughing. It wasn’t funny. It was anything but funny. But he couldn’t help it. He laughed, almost hysterically, even when everyone else just looked at him worriedly.
Dean swallowed heavily, taking in Cas’ words. All he could do was nod. But it wasn’t enough. Not nearly enough. He leaned forward and kissed his Angel. Just one last time as himself before all this would go down. He barely realised that he intertwined their fingers, grabbing on to the Angel, grounding himself before letting go.
“Dean. You don’t have to say anything if it makes you uncomfortable. Just know that I meant every word and do not expect anything in return. My… My love is mine to give, and it does not depend on reciprocation.” The words were slightly rehearsed but no less sincere.
The Empty Reaper was hovering closely over the Angel. It was so close that Dean feared that a blast from his grace might hurt the already wounded Angel, so instead of using the grace, he aimed the Archangel blade at the Empty Reaper. But the bastard saw him coming and the blade sliced into a wobbly mush that healed itself a second later.
“Oh, you’re not going anywhere!” Dean growled and lifted his hand. The image of Cas’ tear-filled eyes burned in his mind and fuelled the surge of grace that he aimed at the Empty Reaper. It was stronger than the first time, and the black figure disintegrated into an oily puddle on the green grass.
Dean opened and closed his mouth a couple of times before landing on: “So, ‘even out’, does that mean, like, ‘kill’? Can we kill the Empty by filling the void? I thought we talked about that and agreed that it was a bad idea?”
Before Castiel could let go of Dean’s hand, Dean tightened the grip. He didn’t say anything out loud, but he could see that the Angel heard his silent prayer.
But now, he didn’t have nightmares. He still felt his old guilts and regrets, but they didn’t weigh on him in the same way that they had done when he was alive. He was accepting of them. At peace with his road through life, the good and the bad, if this was how it all ended; Sammy got to live his normal life in the end, and now they were all back together again. It was a good enough ending.
Jack popped his head out the dining room and everyone in the group stood back from each other, trying to look innocent to the Deity. “Are you coming?”
Jack slowly stepped forward towards the Empty. It looked at him as if waiting for him to attack. “I am sorry that I have not shown you any kindness before. I guess I was too scared of you to consider what you might want. But I really just want for us to live in peace.” Jack stretched out his hand. “Will you accept my proposal?”
When Cas didn’t answer, Dean almost had to pry the Angel’s arms open in order to pull back and look at him. Dean’s eyes were still red, but he smiled hopefully at the Angel. “I know I’m asking a lot. So, think about it, ‘kay? I’m not going anywhere, anyway.” Dean tried to laugh at that, but it only came out as a shaky breath. The Angel still stood completely still.
“Or… You can stay as you are. An Archangel of Heaven. It would mean some work and if necessary defending Heaven against any aggressors. But I am hoping that it will be a bit quieter now that we have an agreement with the Empty. You are of course welcome to leave at any point you wish. I will not hold you against your will.” Jack held his hands up in a reassuring gesture. “Team Free Will, right?”
“Did you find the Empty Reaper?” Dean turned around at the sound of Jack’s voice to find that he had been hiding behind Sam’s massive figure.
“Oh, looky looky… The new Archangel… Pretty, shiny… Destroying my Reapers… You will be mine too someday, you know? Yes, yes, you will… Will rest for eternity here…” The manic smile stretched wider.
Dean let down his hand, returning his focus to the Angel beneath him. “Cas?” He was still knocked out, but his grace looked like before, so all angelic life signs seemed alright.
Dean slowly followed. He tried to shield his nose from the smell, but instead he almost tripped over something laying across the path. He looked down and saw the legs of a dead man, half hidden behind trash cans. He had been shot, the blood soaking through a once-upon-a-time-white shirt. It was still glistening, indicating that he hadn’t been dead for long.
Dean had expected something grand, like Death’s library, but this was so much bigger. He couldn’t even see the top of the bookcases. The ceiling looked like a starry night and all furniture was kept in dark wood. Yet, the room was bright from an unseen light source.
“Right.” Dean looked around at his family, who followed them with eyes full of concern and nervous energy. Dean caught Cas’ arm before the Angel could start explaining and dragged him away from the group. He did not need an audience for this.
True to his word, John had showed his support in the shape of silently listening to their conversation. But when Jack left, he walked up to Dean and Castiel, repeating Castiel’s earlier words with a venomous tone: “We’ll make it up as we go?”
Now that everyone was gathered, they all went to Sam’s room to walk through the newly added door that connected the room to the Angel’s part of Heaven.
“Yes. You and Dean have killed many Demons as humans. With Dean’s new powers, it should be an easy feat.” Jack reasoned.
Speaking of hairball, where was that crazy dog? He must have died many years ago by now. Maybe he was in doggy Heaven or with a previous owner. Maybe he would show up some day. That would be nice.
Dean cut him off with a small kiss. Castiel was surprised by how the small gesture deleted everything that he had so meticulously planned to say in order to apologise to Dean.
Then a sudden thought hit Dean, and he pulled back a bit. “Unless it’s like illegal or something? I mean, you’re an Angel and I’m… dead. Is there like a rule against stuff like that?”
One day, he left their house early in the morning and drove to one of the nearby hills. Far away from any homes, looking out over the curvy landscape decorated in lush nature. Dean lifted his face to the sunny sky and closed his eyes. “Hey Cas.” His voice sounded hoarse and rough among the distant chirping of birds. “I’m pretty sure you know I’m here. I know it’s been awhile… Well, I guess that depends on how time runs on your end, so… In case you’ve forgotten about me, it’s Dean. Dean Winchester. You know, that pain-in-the-ass-hunter you helped save Earth? More than once. Yeah, good times… Well, I’ve heard you’re back. You’re probably busy, but… Please. Please, Cas. I need to see you.”
One of the first things that Jack had done , even before remodelling Heaven, had been to visit Mary in order to ask for Mary’s forgiveness, which he had received it in a warm hug. It had warmed Castiel’s heart that even as God, Jack cared about the forgiveness of one single human. It was beautiful and spoke volumes of his character.
Dean once again shuffled a bit closer, pushing his nose against Castiel’s collarbone. For a man who were so strict about personal space when awake, he had no boundaries when asleep. It was nice.
The atmosphere was heavy, the two of them just looking at each other. Too many times had they lost each other. Van Nuys, the Leviathan, Purgatory… Mark of Cain, Rocky Mountain National Park, Michael…
Castiel recognised the look in the hunter’s eyes. He had seen it too many times before. Not only in Dean, but also in Sam. This pleading please-let-me-be-useful look. When he first saw this look on the brothers, he had wondered if they had a death wish. They were just humans. How could they possibly be of use? They couldn’t even follow the simple orders of the Angels. Later, he learned the true meaning behind the look. They simply could not live with not doing anything if they had even the smallest chance of helping. Especially if it was for family. Castiel had not only learned this. He had started living by it too. “Then I’m coming with you.”
Behind the Gate, something was slamming hard against the door, sending quakes through it, making the sensation-ground underneath them rumble.
“Yeah. I want to do this with you, while I’m still me. We don’t know what will happen tomorrow, how the grace will affect me. Or if it will go wrong.” Dean took Castiel’s hand. “I didn’t want our first time to be a ‘last night in Heaven’ kind of thing, but... I just know I’d regret it if I didn’t ask.”
Dean held on even tighter, willing the tears not to fall at the sound of Castiel’s voice right next to his ear. Everything was good. Cas was alive.
when he greeted Bobby. Then he got a tight, desperate hug. When Bobby saw Castiel over his shoulder, he pulled back and looked knowingly between hunter and Angel. “About damn time.”
“Hey.” Sam unexpectedly dropped down next to him, and he jumped in his seat in surprise. Dean had been sitting alone on a tree log outside their house, staring into the wilderness surrounding them, caught up in his own thoughts. He was damn lucky they were already dead, or he might have had a heart attack. Sam eyed him with a frown. “Are you okay?”
Fresh tears sprang to his eyes, and he choked on them as he bent over Dean, the salty drops falling onto Dean’s hair.
“And now you’re telling me that you sold a prize winning iris to a nameless shmuck?! Do you know how
Castiel nods, and reluctantly steps from Dean’s embrace. The hunter smiles at him, and Castiel tries to smile back.
Dean huffed. “With an attitude like hers, I’m not surprised she didn’t let you get a word in edgewise, man. Don’t sweat it.”
“Hey, I know that look.” Dean interrupts his train of thought with a hand on his shoulder.  “Stop it. You ain’t gonna die. We’re gonna figure this shit out, and fix it, capisce?”
He blindly groped for the towel, and brought it to his face to blot it dry. He gazed at himself in the small mirror, at his pale face and dark circles beneath his red rimmed, puffy eyes.
“We are here to witness the execution of Dean Winchester, a thief and bandit who has terrorized our kingdom for the last six years. He has been sentenced to death by beheading, after which his head will be displayed in the town square and his body burned, thereby cleansing the earth of him and his crimes. He has waived his rights to any religious last rites he was entitled to per our kingdom’s laws. Thieves, murderers, and bandits forfeit their right to last words per our kingdom law upon conviction of their crimes.”
earlier, how they'd sneered in disgust. He knew Cas had seen it too, because he'd immediately ceased looking at Dean in any way that could be misconstrued.
“Nonsense,” Naomi waved her hand as she ducked into the backseat of the car that would escort her back to the palace. “They’re paid to see to the needs of our family, Castiel. Let them do their jobs.” She closed the door and rolled down the window. “I’ll let the two of you catch up. I’ll see you at home.” She nodded to the driver, and the car began to drive away.
“I don’t make promises I can’t keep.” Brandie laughs. “But I hope to see you both around on market days.”
Cas huffs and finally squints open his eyes, glaring at Dean, who smiles and leans forward to press a kiss to his temple.
“Lily Sunder has been a loyal employee of ours for almost fifteen years. She’s an excellent driver, despite her lack of decorum at times.”
He’s getting too old for this shit. Get thrown around and choked a little and suddenly he can’t take on a woman half his size.
“You didn't ruin shit.” Dean tries to make his voice as soothing as possible. “It happens to every guy, Cas. Hell, it's happened to me. Plenty of times.”
Bobby helped hoist Ellen onto the platform before hauling himself up, and they, too, joined the others.
Naomi sighed and massaged her temple with her hand. “Yes, you’re right.” She looked at her youngest son. “Your room is as you left it last, Castiel. I had the attendants put fresh sheets on your bed, and you’ll find a fresh log in the fireplace should you choose to light it, but it is otherwise untouched. I had the pages take your luggage there.”
“Do we have an address?” Dean asks through a mouthful of spaghetti. He sees Cas give him an exasperated look out of the corner of his eye.
Losing a brother, even a twin, did not and could not compare to losing the one person who was undoubtedly the love of his life.
Castiel didn’t bother to inform his mother that Inias was both aromantic and asexual; he knew she would have no idea what either of those terms means, and he wasn’t in the mood to try and explain them to someone as complicated and who asked as complicated questions as his mother. He and Inias were good friends, and good roommates, but never would have been compatible any further than that.
“I...I need to wash my hair, but I fear that if I remove the ace bandage, the pain will be overwhelming.” Cas admits. Dean tries not to roll his eyes, and practices an understanding smile onto his face; ever since he’d given up his Grace for good, and had become fully human, Cas was still struggling to develop the pain tolerance that Dean and Sam had cultivated their entire lives. Dean vividly remembers the papercut Cas had nursed a few weeks into his humanity; he’d griped about it the entire time, unable to understand how something so small and ultimately inconsequential could
“So I may have found us a lead.” Sam says as he scoops some of the spaghetti onto his own plate before passing it to Cas. “I looked up the contest Marjorie entered. I didn't find a complete list of contestants, but I
Castiel slowly rose to his feet and made his way to the vanity in the corner, where he poured the water from the pitcher into the ceramic basin and bent over it, splashing the cold water on his face, stiff and crusted with dried tear tracks.
Cas regards him for a moment, and Dean is struck by how breathtaking he is like this, with the early afternoon sun outlining him in gold and the wind rippling through his black hair. He's wearing his sunglasses, and another pair of Dean’s hand-me-down jeans and a heather grey Henley, and he's the most beautiful thing Dean’s ever seen.
“Please, do what you want with me,” Cas says. “But let Dean and Brandie go. I’ll take whatever happens to me, just don’t hurt them.”
Cas looks down at the flower in his hands. It’s a little wilted, now that it’s been broken, but the color is still stark against his tanned hands. He considers it for a moment before he looks back at Dean, big blue eyes serious.
“I’m sorry, too, Cas.” He said softly. “I’m going to lose my brother, but you’re going to lose him, too. In a way I won’t.”
Dean is putting the bags on the counter when he hears a clatter and the distinct sound of a body hitting the floor. He turns to find Cas sprawled out on the floor, the bag containing the pies he’d been carrying next to him. One of them - the cherry one - had fallen out of the plastic container it had been packed in, sending its contents smearing across the floor in what would be an impressive arch, if it didn’t call to mind blood splatter so easily.
“Well, at least your commute is short.” Dean laughed. “I roll out of bed, throw on some pants, and head downstairs. It only sucks when I’m hungover.”
He was abruptly brought out of his meditation some ten minutes later, however, to the very annoying chime of his cell phone, alerting him to the fact that he had a text message.
, Dean thinks as he walks across the room to gently settle on the side of the bed. He gets to keep this.
“That’s not the point,” Castiel said. “The point is, I can’t afford to be frivolous right now. I need to be taking this seriously.”
Dean feels a pang of regret for raising his voice. He pats Cas’s shoulder as he passes him to grab a cup from the shelf and fill it with water from the tap. He hands it to Cas, who mutters his thanks and chugs it down in three gulps.
“Hey,” Castiel is pulled from his internal panic by a hand on his arm. He startles and looks away from the spot on the wall he’d been staring at to find Dean’s green eyes looking at him worriedly.
Dean felt heat flare across the back of his neck at the words “good boy.” He had always hated that phrase; it was demeaning, made him feel like he was seen as more a pet than anything else; he always got the eebie jeebies whenever he heard it directed at another human being, in particular himself. Years ago, for the right price, he’d have let someone call him whatever they wanted, even
He wanted to say it aloud, for all to hear. He loved Dean Winchester, bandit of his own heart, as sappy and cliche as that sounded. He knew Dean would hate it, but he didn’t care.
Lassie grabbed his arm as if it was in pain. He frowned and rolled up the sleeve of his shirt, revealing what looked like a welt, but was too precise of a shape to be just an accident.
Shawn looked at Gus with an expression that said 'what is going on'. Gus shot back an equally confused look.
At that moment, five girls walked into the bar together. They were all wearing long, white dresses, so that their feet weren't showing. One had wavy black hair and bright blue eyes, and if Shawn was being honest with himself, he might've take note that she looked a lot like the female version of Lassie. She was very beautiful. The other four women were equally beautiful.
Alright guys I definitely completely redid this chapter and deleted the other one so read this before I post the next chapter! :D
"Wait!" Shawn reached out and grabbed Lassie's hand. "I don't know what this feeling is, but...it's good, right? It's not a bad feeling." He sounded unsure of himself.
“Nice to meetcha, Castiel. I’m Dean.” He reached across the counter to shake Castiel’s hand, but the other man just glanced down at. Dean nodded and took his hand back with a tight smile.
Shawn held up his hands in surrender. "Okay okay! I'm not psychic. I know you've been through trauma because you have this extremely guarded look in your eyes. You still have some bread crumbs and a little bit of cheese on your coat from your cheeseburger earlier. You and Sammy stand too close to each other to be just FBI partners, and it's more of a familial thing than romantic. I can see the machete in your coat when you move, and the dagger around your ankle isn't exactly hidden enough for me to not notice it."
Chief Vick took a deep breath. "Guys. Woody is going to examine him as soon as we get the body to the office."
Lassie looked at Shawn in surprise. "You do?" He asked quickly. Then he shook his head and looked away again. "I should go."
Dean glanced at Shawn. "Fine, but only to make you stop asking. Oh, and there better be some bacon cheeseburgers there."
“I came here to get away from my past,” Cain growled out. “I thought maybe I could have a chance at normalcy. I dealt with murder every single day as a detective. I even got away with killing a few people when no one was looking, then showing up to that murder and solving the case. I knew Shawn wasn’t psychic; otherwise, he would’ve known I wasn’t Carlton Lassiter. But I was content here. No one knew who — what — I was. Until you showed up.” There was murder in his eyes as he looked at Zachariah. “I knew as soon as I saw Woody that there was something about him.” He scoffed. “Little did I know that something about him was an angel possessing him. Figures.”
Cain stopped moving, and the room went silent. Everyone seemed to be holding their breath as Cain slowly looked toward Shawn. “I told you, my name isn’t Lassie.”
Sam and Dean glanced at each other before looking back at Woody. "Nevermind," Dean said. "We thought you were someone else."
Castiel gave him a look as if Dean was the one being difficult here. “You have to be hired by someone who’s a made man — someone who’s a member already. Mostly as things like a chauffeur, a bodyguard, or even a hitman. However, you can’t advance past an associate until you’ve killed at least one person.”
Cain seemed to consider this. “You realize they would take away all memories of these past few days, right? You wouldn’t remember...you wouldn’t remember any of the moments.”
This time Sam spoke. "We're here to investigate the murder." He glanced at the dead body behind them, then back at Chief.
Sam was giving Shawn the death glare so hard, that Dean knew if looks could kill, Shawn would be a dead man. Dean shook his head and put a hand on his hip. "Of course he's not telling the truth. If you want, you can call our supervisor yourself."
He gulped. "Soooo how do we kill these things? I don't imagine you guys have light sabers with you."
Sam looked over. “Hey. So get this,” he started rambling about some case in New York while Dean got up and poured himself a glass of El Sol.
Dean glanced between Lassiter and Zachariah with a frown, then looked at Cas in confusion. ‘Who’s Cain?’
The two looked at each other with wary expressions before Sam said, "If you were a real psychic, you would know who we really are."
"In the stories, it's always a group of men. One or some of them says they wish they had partners or something, and that's when the siths show up." Sam opened his computer again. "Turns out there were two other deaths all in the same area as Mordachi."
The detective turned back to Sam and Dean, who immediately changed their expressions to be polite and innocent. He examined them for a good ten seconds before narrowing his eyes suspiciously.
"There's some guy claiming to be psychic in Santa Barbara, California," Sam said. Him and Dean were at a Burger Bar in Texas, looking for a case, as they had been non-stop.
Carlton walked into the museum and flashed his badge at the woman working at the front desk. She had dark brown eyes and even darker hair. "SBPD, here to talk to the person who runs this place?" He looked around the room. There were a few paintings hung up on the walls, which were a warm wood color with swirls of amber.
"None of those work. The only way to gank a vamp is to chop off it's head," Dean said. He pulled out his machete. "That's what this is for."
Cas stood there with his usual serious expression. Dean's heart sped up slightly at the sight of the angel. He didn't know why, so he ignored it.
"I'm going home to pack up some stuff, because I assume we'll be there for a few days at least," Lassiter said.
I'm so sorry I haven't updated in a while, I just haven't had any motivation, and I've been kinda busy with school and stuff. Anyways, enjoy
"Guys, just go," Dean told them. Gus nodded quickly and began pulling Lassoter and Shawn out of the room. Once the door closed behind them, Gabriel spoke up again.
Dean noticed that Lassiter was gripping Shawn's hand, their fingers intertwined. He glanced down at his own hand, which was only an inch away from Castiel's. He looked back up and realized Gabriel was talking.
That’s when Lassie decided to arrive, and he had a blade of his own. Well, sort of a blade. It was more like the jawbone of a donkey, with teeth on it and everything. It kinda grossed Shawn out, if he was being honest.
The man nodded and started preparing the drink. Dean watched him and let his mind wander to how he was going to find the ring. It was like looking for a needle in a haystack, and there was no way to light a fire that would burn the hay.
Before Dean left the building, he stood there and processed what Castiel had told him. This was actually happening. He was being hired by a member of the mafia. This was something he’d dreamed of ever since he saw the movie “The Godfather” when he was nine. Sam was going to be pissed, but at the moment, Dean didn’t really care. Sam would thank him later, when he got the ring back.
“Is that all?” When Dean didn’t answer, Castiel squinted in thought. “Those are useful. Do you own a vehicle?”
“You mean the whole week-long cruise thing? Yeah, that seems sooo much more important than Pierre Despereaux.”
Dean had an idea, and just the thought of it made his heart leap up into his throat. He looked at Cas and made up his mind. He wouldn’t remember this anyways, right?
Chief nodded. "Detective Lassiter, would you please escort these two to the coroner?" She walked away without waiting for a response, and Lassiter glared at Dean while Dean just smiled smugly at the detective.
Sam glanced at Dean, then looked back at Lisa and nodded. "We think the criminal could be someone we've been chasing all over the country."
"And who are you to stop me?" Zach challenged. "You're just a fake psychic. You aren't even a hunter! After I kill Woody here, maybe I should take you up as a vessel. You seem strong enough to be one."
The Oxford Dictionary defines an heirloom as a valuable object that has belonged to a family for many generations. The ring that Sam Campbell used to propose to his girlfriend with was an heirloom. It was also stolen by the not-so-friendly neighbourhood mafia. Sam’s older brother, Dean, had travelled all the way from Mexico to Kansas to get it back. He needed to get it back. He didn’t care much for heirlooms most of the time, but he knew what it meant to the family. To his mom, specifically. It had been passed down through generation upon generation of his mother’s family, and he couldn’t just let it get stolen like that.
"Oh, it was plenty funny to me! Anyways." He turned back to Lisa, his face taking on a serious facade again — a facade that Carlton could see right through, but apparently Lisa couldn't. "The man in the video actually happens to be an old friend of mine—"
Dean cut him off. "Yep. Don't say anything." He tried to keep his face neutral, but it was still pale as they walked up to the desk.
After they got back to their hotel, a black car lurked outside in the shadows, where no one would be able to see it. In the car were two men. The driver turned toward the one in the passenger seat.
"Gabriel!" Zachariah said. Dean thought he could almost detect a hint of fear in his voice. "How lovely it is to see you. I was just on my way out!"
Shawn was standing in front of Gus’s desk, where he had apparently fallen asleep at his computer. Gus groaned and slowly woke up.
"What other monsters drain a person of their blood?" Dean wondered aloud. "Have you found anything yet?"
The man’s hands tensed, and he looked behind Dean. Dean turned around, and there was another customer sitting close by. He looked back at Castiel, who said, “I don’t know anything about the Novaks.”
Woody shrugged. "Okay!" He walked over to the head of the table where the body was laying. "Stanley here was drained completely of blood, and the only wound he has is this mark on his neck. Now, most people don't bleed completely out from a simple wound like this, even if it did puncture the artery. The mark looks like a bite, but not any I've seen before. I'm honestly not sure what bit him."
Woody's smile disappeared, and he looked at Shawn in confusion, before looking back at the FBI agents. "Who's Zachariah?"
I'm kinda losing inspiration for this fic, so I think I'm gonna complete it a lot sooner than I thought I would
Castiel squinted at him. “You realize if you become an associate, you have to follow all orders from the Novaks, right? If you fail to follow any order, you’ll…” he looked around the restaurant, then dragged a thumb across his neck. “They’ll kill you. Or they might order me to kill you.”
"First of all, their names are totally the last names of the agents from Feds. But also they don't act like FBI. They slouch, and their shirts are wrinkled." He glanced at the fake agents for a couple seconds before turning back to Gus. "And the tall dude is carrying a dagger. The shorter one's carrying a shotgun."
“As soon as I tell my corporegime that I’ve hired you, he’ll give me an order to pass on to you. It’ll most likely be something small, like a robbery. Just remember you have to give all of the findings during the robbery to the family. Your punishment if you skim off of them is not good. I’ll tell Michael today after work, and I’ll give you the order tomorrow. For now, I have to go deal with angry customers.” Castiel walked back to the front of the shop, where Dean could hear customers yelling.
After Woody finished speaking, Dean spoke up. "We would like to work on this case with the Psychic and his pal."
“I’m ready now,” he said. He opened his eyes and looked at Zachariah in determination. “Take our memories now.” He resisted the urge to look at Cas. He didn’t want to know what kind of expression was there, because if he did, he knew it would be a lot harder to let Zach take their memories.
The brothers exchanged a look before turning back to the monitor. Lisa looked between them, most likely trying to figure out what was going on.
"I was just seeing what you had about the case with the guy drained of his blood. I wanted in on it, especially if the feds were working it."
Castiel glanced at him but didn’t answer. Instead, he took the order of another customer. When he was done, Dean spoke again.
"I am sensing that what we're dealing with here is a vampire!" Shawn burst out as he put his fingers to his temple. "The marks on his neck look like a bite mark, and he's very pale, meaning he was drained of all blood!"
"He said that there's no vampire nests anywhere near Santa Barbara. Apparently another hunter cleared them all out a few months ago."
Dean smirked. "You got that right. Now. Me and Sammy are going to leave, and neither of you are going to try to stop us. And Detective, if you even try to contact authorities about us being here, I will hunt your ass down myself and kill you."
Sam and Dean were sitting in a restaurant in a small town in Nevada. Dean was reading the local newspaper while stuffing a burger in his face, and Sam was scrolling through his computer with nothing but a salad in front of him.
"So get this, there's been a few art robberies in Las Vegas, and all of them have reports of a strange smell around where the art used to be," Sam said without looking away from his laptop. "Think it could be something?"
Dean shook his head dismissively. "No time to explain. What do we even do if the coroner is Zachariah's vessel?"
For a brief moment, Dean wondered what it was like to have a bond like the one Shawn and Cain/Lassiter had. He had never realized he wanted a bond like that. He glanced at Cas, who wasn’t paying attention to him. He knew that 2014 him and 2014 Cas obviously had some sort of relationship that went beyond friendship, but he hadn’t realized until that moment that he had ever wanted that. But he did. He wanted it so bad. He wanted what Shawn and Lassiter had between them to be between him and Cas.
"Yeah, exactly. A better solution, not a crazy one." Sam shook his head and went back to scrolling through his laptop.
Lassie looked at Shawn, and Shawn could tell there was definitely a change in him. There was some sort of rage in his eyes, and that was the moment that Shawn began fearing for his life. Whatever was happening to Lassie was something so...so otherworldly.
"I don't know, man. Maybe they want to steal money or something." Shawn turned back to the group. "Anyways, as I was saying before De Witt and Zuckerman showed up, Stanley Mordachi was killed by a vampire!" He stuck his fingers to his gums like vampire fangs for effect.
Dean turned around. Castiel was standing with his arms folded over his chest. Dean noticed for the first time that the other man was wearing a beige sweater, which made him look a lot less threatening than he would assume someone involved in the mafia would look. It took him a second to realize Castiel was waiting for an answer, and not just standing there to look good.
Dean nodded in agreement before saying, "Wait a second. Cas left before we got to figure out the whole thing with Zachariah."
With the video paused, Shawn bent closer to the screen and zoomed it in. It was the only moment that he turned to face the screen. His eyes looked completely black.
"Obviously!" Lassie yelled. "You stare at her and follow her around like a lost puppy with heart eyes!"
"Ooookay." Shawn sat down on a couch. "Does this have to do with your undying love for me?" He joked.
Lassie huffed and folded his arms across his chest. "Enough of your games, Spencer. The bite mark could've been from before he died."
"Not a word. Either of you," Chief said to Lassie and Jules. They both fell silent, and she turned to Sam and Dean. "Get to work." She left the room, and Jules and Lassie followed.
Shawn shook his head. "No, the light's in the wrong place for his eyes to be shadowed like that. Either he's wearing black eye contacts, or he's a—"
Lassie licked his lips, and Shawn glanced at them, then back up at his eyes. He could feel the taller man's breath on his lips, and the butterflies in him felt like they were trying to learn karate.
When they finally arrived in Las Vegas, they were both singing whole-heartedly to Bohemian Rhapsody. Carlton pulled up to the hotel they had booked a room in and parked the car. Before either of them got out, Carlton turned to look at Spencer. Shawn. Whatever
They arrived at the station and Shawn and Lassie rushed to the morgue while Gus stayed behind. When they got to the morgue,  Dean and Castiel were on the ground, both coughing up blood. Zachariah was in the middle of saying, “—you will say yes to Michael!”
Lassie rolled his eyes yet again, but didn't argue. They went out to Lassie's car together, and Shawn got into the passenger seat. The ride home was quiet. Shawn tried to start a conversation a few times, but Lassie's answers were short, as if he didn't want to talk.
Sam's eyes widened and he whispered something else to Dean. Dean nodded slightly. "So I assume you'll be taking Stanley here to the coroner soon, right?" Dean asked.
“Uh, Shawn, I think you should let him go,” Gus said. “He looks like he wants to kill you, and I have no doubt he will.”
"Well, it says in the lore that the Baobhan Sith can only be killed by iron. Oh, and they're scared of horses."
So they all got into the blueberry, and Gus drove them as quickly as he could to the police office. While they drove, Shawn frantically tried to come up with a plan to save them. He remembered seeing the shift in Woody’s face when Zachariah took over, but he didn’t quite know what to do with that information. Zachariah had taken over when Castiel called his name, so maybe that would work for Woody, too. Maybe he could somehow get Woody to take over again and get rid of Zachariah.
"Because you aren't trained in this type of stuff. It's our job to protect civilians, so I'm not gonna let you two get killed while you're trying to take out a vamp." Dean started walking out of the station, but Shawn and Gus followed him.
That must bot have been the answer Lassiter was expecting. He turned around and faced Shawn. "You don't know that."
Dean sighed. "He's out on his morning run or whatever. I'll call him and tell him what we're doing." Dean seemed to realize right then how unnecessarily close he and Cas were standing, and he couldn't help but glance down at the angel's lips for a second before looking away.
Sam stared at Dean in silence for a moment, before saying, "Fine. But if it doesn't work, then we're calling Shawn."
Shawn didn’t know how to explain it. The blue light went down his throat, then suddenly he was at home. He was watching his parents from the stairs. They were sitting on the couch, talking. Arguing was a better term to apply to it. They hadn’t started yelling, but just the sound of the agitation in their voices was enough to set Shawn on edge. He turned and tried to walk out the door, but when he walked through, he ended up at Camp Tikihama. It was swim time, and he was sitting on the beach, watching Gus play in the water with Jason. The hurt and betrayal that he had shoved down all those years ago began to resurface.
He looked up when Lassie and Shawn entered, and a half surprised, half delighted expression appeared on his face.
When they got to Lassiter's house, Lassie told Shawn to stay in the car, which Shawn completely ignored.
Dean waited patiently (okay not at all patiently don’t judge! He wanted to talk to his best friend about the disaster of a date that he had is it really so bad to be impatient about it? Jeez.) for about 5-10 minutes (okay maybe it was 5-10 seconds. Disaster date and all, Come On.) then he opened the door to see what happened and what was taking so long.
Dean drools around Cas’ fingers as he sucks, and yet at the same time, his mouth goes surprisingly dry. Cas uses his fingers in Dean’s mouth to tilt his face down and moans,
But this time, Dean wanted it to be special. He wanted to make Cas feel the love he harboured for him, without actually saying anything. He wanted to make Cas feel cherished and special like he deserved to feel. Cas had been through a lot of crap in his life, his parents had disowned him when he came out to them at the age of 15 and he had lived in the Winchester household since then, the Winchesters being firm believers that family don’t end in blood. Ever since then, they were the only family Cas had, until his brother Gabriel had reached out to him when he graduated high school.
“The problem, my so intelligent queen,” Dean replied with sarcasm, “ is that Cas is already in a relationship with that British Blond Douchenozzle. And if he is already in a relationship, then there is no way he’d want me. So maybe I’m just projecting and stuff and reading too much into signs that don’t actually exist.”
Seemingly out of nowhere, she acquired a bottle of cologne and sprayed it at him before turning him around and pushing him out of the door, with a swat at his butt. Unable to resist a jab of his own, he said to her,
“Dr. Winchester, you have a call from Dr. Barnes in paediatrics. She says she has a possible Cancer case for you.”
By the time Dean reached the hospital, everything was a quiet chaos. Quiet because everyone wanted to make sure none of the other kids woke up and chaos because there was not a single adult on the floor who wasn’t moving around to help.
Dean didn’t realize he had closed his eyes and moaned VERY loudly when he ate the pie, until Cas cleared his throat beside him.
Cas opened his mouth to interrupt him but once more, Dean held up a hand, cutting him off before he could speak. He thought that it would be easier for him to simply say what he wanted to, and get it over with, rather than wait for Cas to let him down kindly.
As always, English isn't my first language and this is unbeta'ed so feel free to point out any mistakes.
Her sincerity warmed Dean’s heart and he smiled as he replied, “Char, I’m in a bit of a problem. No wait first let me tell you everything then you can judge me all you want. But don’t interrupt, I won’t have the courage to say this again later.” Dean took a deep breath and told her everything, from hearing her talk to Sam, to his dreams, even all the explicit details of his dreams because, well, it was Charlie. He told her that he wasn’t creeped out and that made him feel weird and that he really had no idea what to make of it.
“Stop being so cheeky.” Dean grumbled, as he picked a piece of bacon from the plate that Cas had prepared. He bit into the strip of bacon and a bit of it fell on his shirt. Awesome. Dean picked it up and ate it too, because who cares? It’s food, dammit.
Cas had tied his arms in a way that allowed Cas to flip him over without untying him, and he did so without pulling out, Dean’s hole twisting around Cas’ dick.
By the time Cas was done speaking, their food was almost finished and Dean was in tears, thinking about what all his friend had gone through over the past two months. Damn, and here he thought he had it rough. Cas was openly crying too and it made Dean’s heart clench to think that Cas thought that there was any way Dean wouldn’t forgive him. No matter what Cas would have had said, Dean would have forgiven him. No questions asked, unconditionally.
When Castiel reached the castle, he was surprised by the grandeur. His family was wealthy, coming from a long line of rich ancestors, but it paled in comparison to how beautiful and grand the castle was. And if Castiel thought the outside of the caste was beautiful, the main hall left him breathless. The entire room was decorated with green and red, the colors of their flag, and it was so huge that Castiel couldn’t see the other end of the room from where he stood.
Dean had been pacing in the room for the past God-only-knew-how-long, since Cas left for his date with that prick Balthazar. Yeah, okay so Dean hasn’t ever met or talked to Balthazar but it didn’t make him any less of a prick. Any one who went on a date with Cas was a prick, as far as Dean was concerned. Any one who went on a date with Cas was a stupid, selfish prick who didn’t deserve to be with Cas because Cas was one of the most selfless people that Dean knew.
Slowly, Dean began to take off his clothes, enjoying himself as Cas bit his lip, trying to figure out where he wanted to look the most- the bulge in Dean’s pants or the skin he exposed with each button that he opened on his shirt. Dean swayed his hips a bit and turned around before taking off his shirt. He looked over his shoulder to see Cas looking greedily at his ass and Dean gave it a little wiggle before turning back around.
Cas wasn’t too far behind and just a handful of thrusts later, he was coming deep in Dean’s ass. Dean milked the orgasm out of Cas and they both fell back on the bed, sweaty, sated, and out of breath.
“None, as far as I know. Claire and I usually sit in front of the TV, watching movies and eating unhealthy shit. None of my family lives close enough for us to bother visiting them, which is a damn relief, thankfully.”
