Once upon a time, things like drippy faucets and sticky front locks would’ve been Bucky’s department. Mr. Barnes, Bucky’s father, had been the building super while they were growing up, and Buck was the man’s only son. He roped Bucky into all kinds of projects, teaching him to clean out drains traps and replace broken window glass. Sometimes, Mr. Barnes let Steve tag along, even though he never thought Steve was fit for that kind of labor—
“Kid,” Tony sighed. “I’m an adult. Your dad is an adult. We’re going to have a very adult conversation, and I’m not going to tell him about your overconsumption of peppermint hot chocolate. Stop freaking out.”
Once he was clean, Steve pulled on tight briefs, loose workout shorts, and a t-shirt, then retrieved a cock from the top drawer of his dresser. He positioned his packer carefully, because it was a nightmare if it rubbed him the wrong way while he was working out. He grabbed himself a hoodie that fit just a little too small—probably Bucky’s—and trotted downstairs as the doorbell rang.
on the arm. His custom Hummer H3 slid neatly to the end of the red carpet, and Tony’s chauffeur pulled open the rear door. “This is the fun-vee. The humdrum-vee wasn’t available this evening.”
. Maybe I am screwing it all up, but I don't think so. Peter is good, he's great. You're right; I am proud. Peter makes me proud, exactly the way he is.”
Chester Phillips had to be pushing eighty, these days, and still sat behind the front counter every morning. He rarely smiled. Steve thought the man might be one of his closest friends, though they never used the word.
The day of the parent/teacher conference turned Peter Parker Rogers into a twitchy, inattentive mess. He spilled Cheetos on the lab floor. His lips were bitten. He tore through his paper with his pencil lead. It would have been funny, if Tony’s own nerves weren’t skittering around inside his chest as well.
“You know,” Steve said, bumping a shoulder into Peter, “I didn’t mean it when I said I didn’t like Mr. Stark. Buck was just baiting me.”
“I don't know where you got your experience parenting teenage boys, Mr. Stark, but it isn't all education and potential. Peter never needed help with any of that, thank God.” The man’s stony expression made Tony nervous. When Tony was nervous, he fidgeted, and that didn’t seem to impress Captain Rogers one bit. “My son needed to explore, and play, and be a kid. He's still a kid. And yes, I raised him to be humble, because I’m not trying to raise an extraordinary
Rhodey patted at Tony’s pockets in a quick, well-practiced check. “Wallet, keys, cell phone, dignity? Three out of four ain’t bad.”
Peter sputtered a bit, and went red around the ears, but he also leaned some of his weight into Steve. Steve lifted an arm to tug Pete even closer.
model. Then again, those models probably couldn’t bench 300 pounds. He couldn’t look less like his son if Peter were adopted. (Which, actually, hey, he totally could be. Tony had no idea.) The captain was very blond, with intensely blue eyes and pale skin. Square jaw, full lips. He had no freckles, no scars, not even a hair out place on his door-frame-scraping head.
Tony snorted a laugh. “Tell me where you’re at on the tensile strength. Blow my mind, Pumpkin Eater.”
“Really,” Rogers nodded, with a raised eyebrow. He pulled a business card from his wallet, and a pen from his pocket. He wrote the number on the blank back, and slid it cross the desk. Tony wondered if Peter mentioned the handing-Tony-things problem, too.
He saved the number in his phone under NOT GONNA HAPPEN, and then shoved the business card into the trash.
extraordinary. One of the brightest kids I’ve ever worked with, which is saying something. He should be starting university this year, not high school. He's gifted.”
His best friend’s eyes met Tony’s, suddenly, and Tony had to look away. There was something very dark pulling at the edges of Rhodey’s gaze. Tony didn’t want to be sad.
,’ and it made him want to hit something. He should jog over to the gym, beat the heavy bag for a while before bed.
Big, brown eyes. Dark hair curling in the damp. Just a glimpse of a long, thin cock bobbing between spread knees. Full goatee and white teeth grinning and
“Thank you for speaking so candidly,” Rogers said, and then hesitated. His expression turned rueful. “I want to shake your hand, but Pete told me you aren’t always comfortable with touching people.”
Tony had mercy on him this time, steadily stroking him until he fell over the edge. Steve’s cock barely released a dribble, having been emptied so thoroughly earlier, and his balls throbbed, but the pleasure was a welcome relief after a week and a half of casual denial. He gritted his teeth to hold back a whine as the strokes never stopped. Slow and steady, working him through oversensitivity and back to arousal. A sob tore from his throat, hips working against the firm grip keeping them pinned. “Please! Tony, please! It’s too much! I can’t… I can’t…”
“For every one you execute perfectly, you will receive an orgasm after we’re done. For every one you fail in any way, Steve will receive a ruined orgasm.” Steve’s eyes widened in shock, even as his pupils dilated with arousal. “Do you know what a ruined orgasm is, James?”
Steve collapsed into Tony’s arms, trembling, the images painted by the other man’s words vivid behind his eyes. And he was right. If he knew his alpha wanted it, he’d crave it. Wouldn’t be able to help himself. “Alpha, please!”
Steve burrowed down into the pile of pillows, pulling the soft blanket even tighter around his body. No matter how hard he tried, sleep eluded him. Too much had happened that day, and he was still reeling from it. He tried again to get comfortable in the nest he had built from all of the things that Stark- no, Tony, he reminded himself- had left for him. Everything was far nicer than what he’d had access to in the past, and Steve should have felt safe and cherished. But he didn’t.
Spikes of pain lanced through his passage as the vibrations thrummed to life inside of him. He struggled, swearing and crying as the vibrator continued to work. After an unbearably long time, the sensation shifted, still painful, but not as sharp. His passage spasmed repeatedly, more like cramps then anything else. Tony stayed by his side, stroking his hair and murmuring encouragement and praise.
Tony gathered him close, pulling Steve into his lap, arms curled around him securely. Surrounding him with the scent of home. Of his mate. Steve pressed closer, burying his face into the curve of his alpha’s neck, wanting to memorize every tiny detail of the moment. For when he was once again alone. The feel of Tony’s arms wrapped tightly around him. The scratch of his facial hair against Steve’s temple. The steady rise and fall of his chest and the comforting sound of his heart beating.
Calloused fingers wrapped around his straining cock, moving slowly, driving Steve out of his mind. His head fell back against Tony's shoulder, muscles clenching around him with each measured stroke. Every movement was deliberate, as if he had to be very careful with Steve, as if he was delicate. Fragile. A shudder went through him at the thought. He pressed back against Tony's body, relaxing into his hold. Let him take care of him, take care of everything. He lazily turned his head, kissing the side of Tony's neck where he could reach.
However, it was also the perfect opportunity to get a little of his own back. Steve knew exactly which moans meant that Tony was getting close to the edge, and drew back, lapping at the head of his cock softly, teasing him with a small portion of the treatment Steve was regularly rewarded with at his hands. He found every sensitive spot, torturing him with pleasure, before finally swallowing him down, moaning as he came down his throat.
Tony's gaze bored into him steadily. "For you, Steve. Because I know you. I know how worried you were that I would get hurt, or killed, and leave you behind. Because the last thing I want is for that to happen. I want to have decades with you, not a few years. I want to be strong enough to have your back. I'm a selfish man, Steve. When I find something I want, I take it. And what I want, more than anything, is you. Just you. In my life. And in my bed. For as long as I possibly can."
Tony wrapped him in his arms, pulling Steve close and holding him. Rubbing his back as he cried helplessly against his alpha’s shoulder. “I know. I know, sweetheart. It’s hard. But it’s for the best. I know what you need.”
“So feeling like that? That’s another side effect of havin’ a damaged omega gland. It takes away the ability to feel safe and secure. To bond with others. And they did that to us. Knowin’ what would happen. I don’t know if I can forgive them for that.”
“Yeah, but you’re a super soldier, honey. A week should be nothing for you.” Tony lowered himself down over his body, thigh pressed firmly between Steve’s as his lips continued to tease at his sensitive nipples. He could feel the vibrations against his skin as Tony continued to speak. “Well, if you want it that bad, go ahead. Take what you need, sweetheart. See how far it gets you.”
Steve watched him from beneath his lashes, still curled tightly in on himself and away from Tony’s touch. “What’d you say?”
“Is that what you like, sweetheart? A little bit of pressure right here?” Steve nodded, cries getting louder when Tony’s grip tightened. He carefully squeezed, rewarded by Steve releasing around him, milking his cock as a flood of slick drenched his thighs. “Oh yeah. That’s exactly what you want, isn’t it?”
Alright. So, my Dom is an evil sadist, so you guys get a new chapter of porn. Amazing how that works. I hope you enjoy!
It looked like the weight of the world was on his shoulders as he sat before his desk, shoulders hunched forward. Steve could feel the grief pouring off the other man from across the room. He did the only thing he could do. He went to him, dropping to his knees before him and burying his face in Tony’s lap. “Please… Please don’t do this to me. To us. I’m falling apart. I need you. Please. Please, need me too…”
“No. I designed this for… You know what? Doesn’t matter. I’ve got a better idea. Come on. Back upstairs.” Tony shooed him back into the elevator, had FRIDAY carry them up to the penthouse again. Logic would say that he should leave Steve to his own devices. Let him settle in downstairs, alone. But somehow he knew that was the wrong thing to do. This Steve would never argue with him. Never tell him no. He’d have to watch him closely. Be so careful with him.
Steve struggled to beg, the gag turning his please into a garbled mess. Tony set a hard pace, pounding into his prostate with every thrust. He took him in shifts, thrusting ruthlessly until he came buried deep inside him, enjoying the spasming passage around his soft cock before it brought him to hardness and he started again. Over and over, until Steve was dripping with his come. He finally slid from Steve’s body, slipping a short, thick plug inside him, just long enough to dig into his prostate.
Tony heaped the pillows into a mound at the head of the bed, draped the various blankets over the middle and bottom, and sent a gigantic Chinese order to FRIDAY before he was finally satisfied. He forced himself to go back into the living room and pour himself a drink instead of lurking in Steve’s bedroom and listening to him shower like a creep. But he wanted to. And wasn’t that a kick to the ass.
His phone chimed with a text from his nightstand, and Steve rolled across the bed to pick it up. Message from Tony:
Steve let out a slow breath as he sank back down on the chair facing him. “Yeah. Things aren’t working out so well for me lately.”
Steve arched, head pressing back against Tony’s shoulder as he came, passage clamping down hard around him, triggering his knot. Tony moaned, thrusting hard into Steve’s clenching body, a low groan torn from his throat as his knot was milked by the slick channel. He continued stroking Steve’s cocklet, working a second release from his overstimulated body before he let him rest, enjoying the way he squirmed in his arms. When Tony caught his breath, he replaced his cock with the plug once more, turning Steve to curl him tighter into his arms. His omega was already asleep.
Tony slowly walked further into the room, shaking his head. “What do we have here? A naughty little omega touching himself without his alpha’s permission?”
“Sweet boy. I’m taking care of you. Alphas get to come. Sweet submissive omegas release. But you never learned how before the serum, so now your body’s confused. If I let you come like an alpha, it would feel really good. So good.” He ground deeper into Steve’s body with a moan. “But it would be worse for you in the long run. I have to take care of my boy. Do right by you. Even if you don’t like it. Even if it’s not what you want.”
“That those drugs our parents put us on are poison. If we didn’t have mutations like we do, Stevie, that stuff probably woulda killed us by twenty five. And the fact that they started it so early? They knew it would deform our glands. Just about everybody in society knows that. They were willin’ to subject us to a lifetime of pain and disfunction, risk killin’ us, just to have their way.”
I'm having a lot of fun writing this, so updates will probably be fairly frequent for the time being. No promises, but I'm aiming for one or more a week. I hope you enjoy the chapter. Comments are loved and appreciated.
"Shh... Almost done, sweetheart." Steve heard something heavy being set in front of him, before his cock rested against a cool, smooth hollow. "Rock your hips for me, baby."
“I-I only had permission to come if I was hard. I’m sorry, Tony! I’m sorry! I tried! I tried so hard! I want to be good for you. I do.”
“Good. Now come sit. I have a few things I need to do, and I want my sweet boy close.” Steve settled at Tony’s feet, head resting against his knee. Tony carded his fingers through his hair as he worked. Most of it was silent, Steve wasn’t sure how Tony was controlling everything, but it was obvious that he was. Occasionally there were one sided phone calls. Steve could hear Tony speaking, but nothing else, even with his enhanced hearing. The tone of his voice was different from how he spoke to Steve, hard and commanding. Tony switched between multiple languages with ease, leaving Steve lost and confused. Just how much international business was Tony doing now? Obviously a lot more than in his reality. And there had been no mention of Pepper Potts, or anyone else that Steve knew. Tony seemed to be much more isolated than he’d expected.
“That’s what I thought you’d say. So I’ll give you a choice. Do you want to rest for the night, or would you rather work off more of the punishments you owe me.”
Steve curled tight into the corner of the couch, arms wrapped around his shins. His voice came out soft and wavering. “Even… Even when he hurts you…?”
They tumbled onto the bed, touching and kissing. Reassuring themselves that the other was safe. Tony pressed Steve onto his back, parting his thighs and sliding between them. "I need you tonight."
“Thank you, baby girl.” That having been dealt with for the time being, Tony let his thoughts turn to more pleasant things. Watching James and Steve fall apart for him earlier had been one of the best moments in his life. And using each of them as the other’s tool of destruction… Well honestly, it gave him ideas. Ideas that Tony was intent to put into practice as soon as possible.
“No…” Steve shook his head, shoulders hunching in. “Please, alpha. I’m sorry. I’ll be good, I promise.”
The omega’s mouth set in a stubborn line. “I saw you on the news. They were talking about you. About us. Makin’ bets on how long it would take before you got sick of me. Tossed me out. Like you did with that woman you were with before. Sunset.”
Even as he shuddered, trying to drag air into his burning chest, the liquid continued to pour into him. He whined pitifully, gaining Tony’s attention. He knelt down beside Steve, gently stroking his hair. The scent of motor oil and evergreen filled Steve’s lungs, calming him more than he cared to admit. “Almost there, sweetheart. You just need to take a little bit more for me. You can do that, can’t you?” Steve exhaled raggedly before nodding. “Such a good little omega. Keep this up, and you might even earn a reward soon.”
Tony brushed the hair back from Steve’s face, let his fingers slide down the curve of his cheek. “Always.”
Steve bit his lip. He could claim ignorance, but Tony would know he was lying. And he didn't want to be anything but honest with him. "I... Ignored it..."
Maybe it was all of the prior health conditions from his past, or the experimental treatments that had been used on him. Either way, he didn’t know. It hadn’t been until he was recovered from the ice that Steve realized how damaged he was. He couldn’t get hard and he couldn’t come. No matter what or how long he tried. Which always led him to frustration and misery, due to all of the other things that meant he would never have.
“Yes alpha…” Steve writhed as much as he could in the restraints, enjoying the fact that he couldn’t go anywhere. The firm pressure of leather and metal against his skin. He was held in place, exactly where Tony wanted him.
Tony gently brushed the tears off his cheeks. “Are you alright, sweetheart? Is it too much? I don’t want to draw this out more than it has to be, but I don’t want to hurt you, either. Talk to me.”
“It’s a riding crop.” Steve let out an internal sigh of relief. Tony wasn’t going to hurt him. Not really. As a matter of fact, with the serum, he’d be completely healed from any beating Tony could give him with a crop within an hour.
Steve was opening his mouth to ask more, when he felt Tony's hand wrap tightly around his cock and begin stroking, slow and firm. A moan slipped out instead, his ass clenching around the plug. It was still cool, but there was the start of a tingling sensation. Faint at first, but getting stronger, especially when his walls clenched around it. As the tingling increased, the sensation changed, until it was a terrible burning itch inside of him. He twisted his hips desperately, trying to get some relief. Another firm stroke to his cock made him clench again, and the fire became unbearable. Steve tried to close his thighs, as if that would somehow stop the torturous burning, writhing and struggling in the restraints. "Tony!"
His head jerked up. He didn't know how long he had spent lost in his thoughts, but there was no sign of the waiter aside from glasses of a rich dark wine sitting on the table. "Yeah. Yeah, sorry. I just- Sorry."
Unable to stand it any longer, Steve crawled to his knees, reaching behind himself to rub desperately at his entrance. It was the only thing he could still touch in hopes of pushing himself over the edge. The vibrations cut off and he continued rubbing frantically, felt himself begin to tip over the edge. A bolt of electricity seared through his prostate, ruining the orgasm he had finally managed to achieve, leaving him needy and unsatisfied.
Steve closed his eyes, a soft whimper escaping at the words. That was exactly what he wanted tonight. "I- I can be good. I can be real good for you."
The brunette blew out a breath before steeling himself to look up and meet Steve’s eyes. Tony cupped his cheek, gently brushing away a tear. When he spoke, his voice was soft, cautious. “While you were gone, on that last mission for SHEILD. The one that kept you away for three months?”
Another sigh. “If you do, you’d be the first. Even Pepper didn’t really believe me. Just pretended she did, so I’d agree to let her do whatever she wanted to make it go away. I never told anyone else.” Tony squeezed his eyes shut, took a deep breath, opened them again. “Okay. Fine. Fuck it. You want the truth? You’ll get it.”
“Come for me Steve. Right now.” Tony held him in place, softening cock in his throat. Felt him moan around him and shake helplessly in his grasp. “Again.” A whine as his body responded, breaking apart at a single command from his alpha. He ordered him to release over and over, until tears were streaming down Steve’s cheeks steadily, a constant tremor running through his oversensitive body. Tony slid his rapidly hardening cock from Steve’s throat, watching him gasp and cough even as he continued to hold his position. “Present for me, pretty baby.”
"You two have been staring at each other with heart eyes for weeks now. We're not blind. Yeah, we know."
“Not surprised. The omega gland is here. It’s underdeveloped, it should be much bigger and softer, which explains why his biological urges aren’t functioning properly. That’ll take some work as well, but the good news is everything is fixable.”
It was only a few moments later that he heard the elevator doors open, the sound of rushing footsteps and a frantic voice calling his name. He tried to answer, but he couldn’t stop the rush of tears. Tony found him anyway. He dropped to his knees beside Steve, pulling him into his arms, holding him tight. Steve buried his face in the side of his neck. Evergreen and motor oil. Alpha. Safe.
"Yes. Please. More. Need it. Need you. You... You said. Last night. If I was good for you. You'd..."
Steve’s shoulders relaxed and he turned back around to face the other man, offering him a sheepish smile. “Sorry. I didn’t really mean it the way it sounded. I’m Steve.”
Tony kept Steve close for the rest of the day, watching over him worriedly. He fed them both dim sum after it arrived, which Steve seemed to enjoy, accepting whatever Tony offered him easily. But he wasn’t acting like himself. The usually feisty omega was pliant in his arms, unwilling to leave his side. Tony wasn’t sure what to do. He kept Steve close until the sun started to set, the light through the tower windows slowly dimming.
Steve ducked his head bashfully and smiled up at him. "Thank you. You look amazing. But, then again, you always do to me."
He blinked, head spinning from the rapid shift in conversation. "Yeah. They're beautiful, Tony. Thank you."
Tony stretched and rubbed at his eyes. Slowly he sat up, letting his feet slide to the floor, and attempted to look awake. "Did you need something, Spangles? Shield need rebalancing? Uniform not spangly enough for you and you want a redesign?"
“Please…” Steve could feel his body clenching around Tony’s cock over and over again, milking him. He was hard and aching and confused.
Tony eased him to his feet before turning him to sit down in the overstuffed chair once again, wanting him to be comfortable, as well as having a good view of Steve’s predicament. James let out a soft sound of pleasure when the toy pressed deeper inside of him, before slowly settling into the cushions.
“Good to know.” Tony’s voice was low, nearly a growl. He stepped between Steve’s spread thighs, pressing his cock against his hole and sliding inside slowly. It felt so good that Steve could barely stand it, waiting desperately for him to move. Thrust. Nothing happened.
Steve was struggling in earnest now, uncertain if he was enjoying what was being done to him or desperate to get away. The choice was made for him when Tony replaced his fingers with his cock, thrusting hard while gripping Steve’s hips hard enough to bruise. Holding him in place as Tony chased his own pleasure. It was intense, perfect, and Steve gave himself over to the sensations. Screaming when Tony’s knot locked into place, pressing against his gland and causing him to release each time either of them moved even slightly.
"Loki." Steve offered him a smile, holding up the takeout bag he had brought up with him. "I thought we could have lunch and talk. If that's alright with you?"
Steve rolled his eyes at himself. Was he really going to be that easy? Yes, yes, he was. This might be new, and overwhelming, but they both seemed to be enjoying the new dynamic between them.
I'm finally back, and with another chapter. A little lighter on the smut, and heavier on the sweet, because Steve deserves a break sometimes. Hope you enjoy! As always, all mistakes are mine. Comments and constructive criticism are greatly appreciated.
And to make up for the long wait, have a super long, extra smutty chapter. Hope you enjoy! Let me know what you think down in the comments. Was this what you were hoping to see?
Without any other recourse, he reached between his spread thighs and began rubbing firmly at the stretch of skin between his caged cock and plugged entrance. It always felt good when Tony did it, though Steve usually avoided the area, not wanting to think about what had been there prior to his imprisonment. He increased the pressure on the area, moaning in pleasure. His hips rolled up into his own touch as he chased the release he’d been desperately needing for days.
“Okay. Let’s try this a different way. How did you get in here? Because I know I had FRIDAY revoke your clearance.”
Just as he expected, Steve knelt down gracefully on the pillow, gaze open and easy. Tony brushed his fingers through Steve’s hair. “Good boy.”
Steve turned his tear streaked face to look at Stark over his shoulder. “Alpha? You… You knew about this…?”
"Do you want to be allowed to touch yourself whenever you want? Or do you only want to come when I give you permission? Does it make it better when you have to hold off? To wait?"
“You are most welcome, Captain.” Steve went to the elevator, confused. He didn’t remember ordering anything, but there was the package with his name typed neatly on the front. He pulled out a pocket knife and neatly sliced through the tape before opening the flaps. And immediately slapped them shut.
Steve nodded quickly. Anything. He'd agree to just about anything right now to feel Tony's hands on him again. He slid his palm up Tony's back and grasped his shoulder, anchoring himself. "Yeah. I can be good, Tony."
"Hold it together, Hawkeye. We just have to try to get close to... What was this one calling himself?" Even Steve sounded exasperated.
Less smut, more plot. It happens sometimes. Don't worry, there will be plenty of kinky porn in the future. I had a good time showing how well Tony and Steve work together outside of the bedroom for a change. Comments and suggestions are always welcome. Hope you enjoy!
James found a variety of truly creative ways to fail at the simple task, a small smile curling his lips. There were two more falls, a wobble where his metal arm was used to catch his balance, another break in form, a few seconds spent dropping to a single knee and pausing, and finally two more flawless one armed push ups. James finished with a brilliant smile, warming Tony inside and out.
A shiver of revulsion ran down Steve’s spine, jostling the teeth still buried in his throat. The grip tightened, arms wrapping around his waist, keeping them close together until the alpha’s knot began to deflate. Any relief he might have felt was short lived when the alpha spoke again. “Get me a plug for the trip home, would you? I want to keep my come in him as long as possible. It’ll help.”
"Not bad. He seems like a good guy. I like him. Asgard sucks though. We might have to do something about that eventually."
“Oh honey…” Tony tightened his arms around Steve, keeping him close. “I’m sorry I was so late. There was a charity gala I had to go to tonight. I was on my way here when I got the message from JARVIS. Did you think I wasn’t coming back?” Steve nodded hesitantly. “Sweetheart… Even if I’m mad at you, even if you’re in trouble, I will always come home.”
"Made just for you sweetheart. Same with that cage locking your pretty little cock up tight. I might have been hoping for an opportunity like this. A man can dream. And now here you are, all chained up and at my mercy. How does that make you feel?"
I know this is a bit of a departure from some of the sweeter and fluffier stories that I’ve already done. Hopefully I’m not the only person enjoying it. Please let me know what you think!
"I'm right here, Steve. You were so good for me. Did such a good job." He felt Tony lift him in his arms, lay him down on the softness of a bed. "Come for me now, sweetheart." Wet heat closed over his sore cock, relentless but gentle, as Tony's mouth stroked over him until he came with a harsh cry, back bowing off the bed. Then Tony's arms were around him again, and he drifted away.
“You’re most welcome. I think we should make that part of your regular routine. Keep you nice and pretty for me. What do you think?”
Steve’s heart began to pound again. Tony had mentioned that Steve might be able to prove himself. If this was something that Tony really wanted, something that no one else would give him, wouldn’t that make him want to keep Steve? If he were to offer it willingly? “Whatever it is, if it’ll make you happy, I’ll do it.”
The car stopped moving much too soon, and Tony pulled back. He gentled his grip on Steve's wrists before releasing them. He helped him out onto shaky legs and guided him into the elevator and to his own door before slamming him back against it. Tony pressed forward pinning him against the wood with his body. Steve could feel the arousal burning beneath his skin, feel his cock throbbing where Tony's thigh was pressed harshly against it.
It finally broke, pleasure ripping through his body, tearing screams from his throat. He convulsed in the chains, thrusting back against the bed like he was riding Tony’s cock. Unlike before the serum, when he could still come, it wasn’t a burst of pleasure that immediately ebbed. It went on and on, the vibrator stimulating him to release over and over again, until he was a sobbing wreck on the bed, twitching with overstimulation.
“So, now that you know it was me pulling the strings, do you still want to play like that? Or do you want to forget about the kinky stuff for a while and just be disgustingly cute boyfriends who gaze at each other with heart eyes and hold hands.”
Tony fisted a hand in his hair, dragged him closer. "Then that's what you'll get. Put those pretty lips to work, Steve."
Steve dropped the tablet and raced to the bathroom, barely making it before he was throwing up the contents of his stomach. After he was done, he curled into a ball on the floor and cried. Bucky was right. Everybody was right. Their parents had risked their lives. And for what? To become a minor annoyance to society? To prove that they could manipulate and exploit their own children?
He didn’t see Tony enter the room, or what he had brought back with him, only felt the bed dip under the older man’s weight. A gentle hand on each of them was enough to guide them into the position he wanted. Steve on his back, legs parted to let Bucky rest between them, laying against his chest, face still hidden. Callused palms ran over his back, down over his thighs. Bucky wasn’t sure what he could give them, what he had to offer, but he would try. Try until they realized that it wasn’t enough, left him cold and alone. Worse after having known something better.
Steve lost to pleasure and desperate was probably the sexiest thing Tony had ever seen in his life. It made Tony want to destroy him. Ruin him for anyone and anything else, so he’d never want to leave. “Offer me your neck, sweetheart.” His voice was low and dark, dangerous. But Steve still obeyed immediately.
Tony ran a gentle hand through his hair, stroking it back from his face. “We’ll consider that your punishment for all the times you tried to remove the plug. Because you’ll be feeling this for days. It’s going to be intense, but I promise I will be as gentle as possible. Because despite everything, you are my sweet omega, and I will always take care of you.”
Tony started to lift him off the bed, and Steve whined. He was so used to the weight of the plug, that being without it felt uncomfortable and wrong. “What’s the matter, sweetheart?”
But he could. And he was going to. Steve had promised to do anything. And that clenching in his stomach increased at the idea of pleasing the older man. Of being played with. Of suffering and being tortured purely for his pleasure.
“This isn’t a punishment, and I’m not abandoning you. I promise you’ll be taken care of for the rest of your life. But you’ve made no secret of the fact that you don’t want me. I’d hoped you’d change your mind, but…” He sighed, shoulders sagging under an invisible weight. “It’s been brought to my attention again recently that I’m the last person in the world that should be entrusted with something as precious as a sweet omega like you.”
All of the dishes were done. Clothes that he had never seen were neatly hung up in his closet, all tags missing of course. The bedroom had already contained the largest bed he had ever seen in his life when he moved in, and now there was a huge pile of pillows trailing onto the floor. Another room on his floor, yes, an entire floor when he had once been accustomed to sharing a tiny flat in Brooklyn, was filled with any art supply he could think of ever needing. When had all of this happened? When had this become his life?
“I have no idea what that means.” Steve blinked up at him, still obviously confused, but no longer crying. His lashes were dark and clumped together with tears, giving him an innocent air that was usually lacking. “What’s a Wakanda? And who are the Super Friends? Is that another team? Like the Avengers?”
Tony was setting out plates of yet another fancy breakfast dish that Steve didn’t recognize, but it smelled wonderful. His stomach gave an unhappy rumble, reminding him that he’d eaten very little yesterday. Two mugs of coffee were already on the table. One black, the other a light caramel color. He slowly picked up the cup with cream and sugar added, watching Tony for his reaction. All he received was a soft smile as he took his first sip.
The pizza boxes had been set up on the coffee table, two thick cushions sitting on the ground in front of the couch. One red, one blue. Steve immediately went to the blue one, settling on his knees and waiting patiently. James stood, unsure and frozen, until Tony rested a hand on the small of his back, guiding him over. When his toes touched the thick cushion, James blinked down at it, as though unsure of how he’d gotten there.
The spanking went on, no rhythm, the pattern and location of the strikes known only to Tony, but it was enough to push Steve close to the breaking point. One hard spank directly over the plug was enough. He came untouched, cock jerking against empty air. Immediately the vibrator kicked to life, drawing it out, pushing him through oversensitivity, forcing him to release again and again until his body was on fire and he was coming dry. Each time was a blend of relief and agony as he struggled in the restraints Tony had built for him, unable to escape the pleasurable torture.
The cage seemed to be fully automated and remotely controlled. It tightened and loosened throughout the day to suit the situation. Almost like something Tony would design, if he were to set his mind to making sex toys. Which was a thought that it was best for Steve not to dwell on. A soft ding startled him out of his sexual haze. Realizing it was the cell phone, Steve quickly finished rinsing off before stepping out to snatch up the cell and see what his Sir had sent him.
It was too much, too intense. He wasn’t going to survive this. But Tony kept driving him forward as the tension coiled tighter and tighter until it finally broke. The pleasure crashed over him, pulling broken screams from his throat, sweeping him away into oblivion and darkness.
"I- I tried to take care of the problem in the shower, but...I kept thinking about you and the things we've been doing and I..." He bit his lip, voice going even quieter with embarrassment. "I wasn't sure if I was- was allowed..."
“Alright. But if you need me, I’m right here.” Bruce reluctantly pulled away, moving back to the bar where him and Tony had been talking. Tony caught Steve’s gaze, offered him a half smile before walking away as well.
It had been three days since Bucky had come to stay in the tower with them, and Steve could see the strain it was putting on his alpha. He went to find Tony down in his workshop, stepping in behind him and wrapping his arms around the older man’s waist, burying his face in the back of his neck. Tony stayed stiff and still for a long moment before letting out a slow exhale and relaxing back into Steve’s body. Steve closed his eyes, breathing in the scent of his mate. This amazing man who wanted him and would do anything to please him, no matter how uncomfortable it made him. “I’m sorry, alpha.”
Which was not something he should think about if he wanted it to be a good day. So instead he flashed another smile at Tony before accepting a heaping plate from Bruce and sitting down to breakfast. Much to his surprise, Tony sat down across from him with a plate of his own instead of immediately disappearing into his workshop and began chattering away, catching him up on everything he’d missed while on his mission.
And then there was the art studio. There was nothing else to call it. A corner room of the tower with two full walls of windows. Overnight it seemed to go from completely empty, to stocked with easels, canvases, paints, pads, pencils, brushes... Tony had to have emptied out the contents of an entire art supply store to have done this. This... This was different. This was special. Or at least it made Steve feel that way.
Steve gritted his teeth and glared at Tony, forcing himself to hold still by willpower alone. "You're enjoying this."
“Good omega.” Tony leaned over Steve’s displayed body and trailed kisses over his chest, letting his goatee scratch over his sensitive skin. Eyes locked with Steve’s his mouth latched onto first one nipple, then the other, teasing them into hard peaks before easing back. Steve groaned, arching off the bed, trying to chase the touch.
After every round, Tony replaced his cock with a thick plug. He could see that it was driving Steve crazy, which pleased Tony even more. The plug put enough pressure on his sensitive glands to keep his body primed and ready for Tony to take him again and again. By the second day, Steve’s stomach was slightly rounded. Tony couldn’t resist resting his hand over the swell of his come trapped deep inside Steve’s body. It didn’t take long for the scent of omega in heat to send him into his own rut, triggering his most primal instincts.
Tony turned away to start fixing his snack, leaving Steve clinging to the counter, speechless and stunned. The idea of the other man locking away another part of him for his use only making heat burn in the pit of his stomach.
Steve waited while Tony wrapped up what he was working on, then allowed himself to be led up to the penthouse. The first stop was the shower, where the genius could wash off all the grease from his time in the lab. Once they were both clean, he then pinned Steve against the wall, teasing him until he was panting and writhing beneath Tony's skilled hands, cock straining painfully against his cage.
“I’m not sure, sweetheart. Bruce said this was the worst part of training for his omega. But we’ll get through this. And this time, you get to feel good the whole time.”
Researching caging practices was horrifying. The options that Stark Industries produced had become wide spread, and were some of the kindest on the market. In some third world countries, if an omega’s genitals were deemed unacceptable, they were removed entirely. Pictures of cages that forced the cock entirely inside the body, or were lined with spikes that dug into the sensitive flesh when it began to harden, had Steve cupping his cage protectively. The SI model was constructed of nanobytes, designed for optimal suppression. It would keep a constant pressure on an omega’s cocklet, adjusting with it over time, but never constricting blood flow or causing damage to the tissue. There were also medical pictures of omega’s who were not caged. In some cases the penis continued to grow, developing malformed lumps and bulges, causing damage to the nerves and leading to chronic pain conditions.
“Come? I know that. And by the end of the day? You’ll know it too. You wanted out of the cage, I let you out. You wanted to get hard, try to get off like an alpha. I let you do that too. And you’re going to stay like this, hard and miserable and aching, all day long. And I’m still going to take you, whenever I want to. Whether you can come from it or not. Whether you can release from it or not. Until you’re begging me to put that cage back on you and lock it down tight.”
Curiosity was replaced with a pleased grin, evil enough to make Steve shudder again. “You do know me. Because you’re not wrong. I have a spank bank full of hundreds of evil and depraved and kinky things I want to do to you. That I want to torture you with. And I will. And Steve? You’re going to love it.”
After three days of chastity, Steve was losing his mind. Not that Tony had done anything exceptionally cruel after the first day, but everything seemed more intense somehow. Tony was constantly affectionate, touching and kissing him. Steve had woken up pressed to the other man's body on several mornings and luxuriated in the feel of bare skin against his own.
“Look at you. I bet if you weren’t locked up nice and tight, you would have come already. Just from me teasing your tits and playing with your sweet hole.” Tony grinned as the flush on his skin darkened. “Look at that blush. I can do the most depraved things to you, but talking about it still gets you all flustered. I love it. Now, if you’re a good boy and can manage it, I’ll let you come. If not… Well, the lube retains it’s potency for an hour…”
“Good boy.” With a last caress, Tony turned and bustled across the workshop. Steve could hear a variety of sounds that he didn’t recognize. Shuffling, rustling, and a loud click that startled him, making him jerk in the restraints. Before Steve had a chance to truly worry, Tony was back. “Still doing okay, pet?”
Firm pressure was followed by the welcome sensation of Tony's cock pressing deep and bottoming out inside of him. Steve moaned as fingers dug tight enough into his hips to bruise, pulling him back into each thrust, setting up a quick rhythm. Everything was fast and hard, just on the edge of painful. Exactly what he wanted. He lost himself in the slap of skin against skin, the jolt of agonizing pleasure when his prostate was slammed into. It was perfect.
“So good for us.” He glanced over his shoulder, taking in James’ intent gaze before turning back to the trembling omega and sliding to his knees. Tony trailed his fingers over Steve’s slick thighs, then began to stroke it over his soft cock, leaving it wet and glistening as Steve gasped and writhed from his touch. He lingered for a few minutes, enjoying the slide of the silky skin through his fingertips, as well as the helpless noises it drew from Steve anytime his overly sensitive cock, or cocklet as he called it, was touched. He obviously loved and hated it in equal measure, and was so easily overwhelmed by it, making it one of Tony’s favorite ways to torture him. Finally deciding he’d had enough, Tony let his grip slide away. He hid a smile at the obvious sigh of relief Steve released, thinking that Tony was done.
Once everything was in place, Tony released the valve, allowing the saline mixture to flow down through the plug and into Steve’s body. With as wide as he was stretched, not even a drop would be able to escape. Tony settled on the bed in front of him, wanting to have a good view of both Steve’s face and stomach. He urged Steve to brace on his forearms, offering a hint of comfort, and began to stroke his hair. Steve nuzzled into his touch, eager for even the smallest scrap of affection. It was no hardship. Tony wanted to touch him. Run his hands over every inch of Steve’s body. Offer him pleasure and pain for his adoration. This Steve would never betray him. Tony would make sure of it.
However, good BDSM etiquette will not be followed for some time. There will probably be at least a conversation at some point, because *someone* has a consent kink, but this Steve understands a lot more about the scene & how to have fun safely than most would imagine.
Steve pushed back harder into Tony’s embrace, moaning as his hands came up to palm his pecs, teasing at the nipples with harsh pinches until Steve released in his arms with a cry. The scent of his slick always drove Tony wild, and today was no exception. Tony bent him over farther, pressing him into the bench as he pounded deep inside of him, Steve’s next release triggering Tony’s knot.
A quick combination of buttons was punched in. Steve paused to see what would happen next. He didn’t have to wait long. The dildo began to press relentlessly deeper inside of him, past the length of Tony’s cock, past the length of anything Steve had ever felt inside him before. Deep enough to make him ache and throb in an entirely new way. He scrambled to push up higher on his toes, gain even a fraction of an inch back for himself as the cock cored deeper into him. Steve slipped, unable to catch himself with his bound arms, crashed back onto the still expanding cock. He screamed as a release tore through him, shuddering and shaking, pinned on the enormous thing buried inside of him.
He was roused the next day by the shifting of the plug as Tony gently removed it. Steve moaned softly into the pillow, his hole clenching uncontrollably on nothing. As strange as it had been to have something inside of him for the first time, it was even stranger to be empty. He felt the trickle of liquid from his stretched entrance as the come that had been held inside of him slowly leaked free. Steve whined, feeling somehow bereft, as though he had lost something important.
Another chapter! This one’s a little shorter than the last one, but we’re finally starting to get somewhere! I’m really enjoying squishable Steve. He’s so adorable! Enjoy!
“Yeah. I know. They want too much of you, Steve. Sometimes you just have to tell people to fuck off. But you’re not really good at that, are you?” Tony gave him a shrewd look before slipping his sunglasses down to cover his eyes as he turned to signal the waiter.
He started to ask how he’d know, when the inside of his passage started pulsing. He could feel it spasming uncontrollably around the plug. The throbbing turned into a low burn that left him feeling weak and dizzy, with a vicious need to get fucked hard and deep. He writhed against the restraints, unsure of where he was trying to go. What he was trying to accomplish. Just needing to move. Another released took him off guard, the pulsing around his cock seeming to grow in intensity. “N-Now!”
A technician entered the room with a rolling equipment tray. She began setting up her supplies by the restraint frame. Tony gripped his chin firmly, turning Steve’s head to allow her to inject the permanent tracking device just below his right ear. It had already been imprinted with Tony’s information. There was nowhere he could run that Tony wouldn’t be able to find him.
“Well, if my sweet boy can’t take anymore, I’ll just have to find a different way to take care of him. Isn’t that right?” Without waiting for a response, Tony locked his forearm over Steve’s hips, pinning him against the bed before pressing an ice pack firmly against his throbbing cock. Steve screamed, struggling against his grip, trying to get away but too sapped of energy to succeed. He finally collapsed back helplessly, sobbing as Tony shifted the pack around, making sure to cover every inch of him, until he was soft and limp under his hands.
He crawled forward on his knees, arms sliding around Tony's waist as he fisted a hand into Steve's hair, guiding him down onto his thick cock. It had been years since he had done this, and he forgot the timing, choked as Tony carelessly thrust into his mouth and down his throat over and over again. He gasped in air when he could, finally finding the rhythm that allowed him to hollow his cheeks and suck when Tony slid deep, and run his tongue over the underside of his shaft when he slid back. Lost himself in the feel of Tony's skin, the scent, the sounds of pleasure he was making above him.
Steve had never been on a private plane like Tony's before. They spent most of the flight curled up together eating snacks, watching movies, and talking. A limousine was waiting at the airport to take them to a ridiculously luxurious room in one of the best hotels. They had time to themselves the first night, which Tony took advantage of by stripping Steve down and making love to him on the rug in front of the fireplace.
Steve paused in the doorway for a moment to watch Tony in his element, singing along to his music and arguing with Jarvis and the bots. When he finally stepped inside Tony greeted him with a smile and a kiss. "Hey babe! What brings you down? Not that I'm not glad you're here and all, but you kind of look like a man on a mission."
"Good boy. Roll over. Hands above your head." It was a different sensation to be able to watch Tony move around the room. To see him disappear into the closet, knowing that he had so many things that Steve didn't even have the words for tucked away in there. Tony came back with a set of simple metal handcuffs. He took his time fastening them around his wrists, threaded through the bars of the bed. "Try to break them, Steve."
The permission sapped what was left of Steve’s willpower. He rocked up desperately against Tony, grinding his caged cock against a muscular thigh. And felt absolutely nothing. The cage was too well designed. No hint of sensation could make it through the unyielding metal. A sob stuck in his throat as he continued to thrust fruitlessly. “Tony! Tony, please! Please!”
“Then, please. Please…” He buried his face against Tony’s thigh and sobbed. Let the grief and loss pour through him. He felt wrong. Cut loose and adrift. And the only thing that could make it better was the man in front of him.
"Alright, sweetheart. Just one second. I'll get you all safe and protected. Is that what my sweet boy wants?"
"I always wondered just how far down that blush of yours went. I think I have my answer." He smirked. "Come on gorgeous. I wanna play in my bedroom this time. All sorts of fun toys that I can't wait to try on you in there."
"That's my good boy. Help me up, let's get dried off." Steve helped Tony out of the tub and onto the plush rug, carefully drying him off with warmed towels. He was then led back into the bedroom, where he knelt at the other man's feet once more, waiting for direction. Tony slipped on a robe, tied to loosely, then motioned him back to the living room. "There's food on the table. Fetch it here."
"And now, I have the time to figure out what it is I like. An amazing man in my life who is willing to help me figure it out. Who takes care of me in a way I never would have let someone before, when I was angry and had something to prove."
Tony smirked. “Obviously you weren’t paying attention. You’re going to run, Steve. As long as I want you to, until I tell you to stop. And every time you stop without my permission, I’m going to bend you over and tighten the cage on your little cocklet. Understand?”
“If that’s what you want, sweetheart, then I’m sure I can come up with something. You stay right here.” It was just too easy. Tony went down to the workshop again to retrieve Steve’s cage, one of his custom lubes, and a paddle, before stopping in the kitchen. He chose a large ice pack and brought it back with him to the bedroom. He set everything on the nightstand and sat down beside Steve, rolling him onto his back. “I need to get you back into your cage, but that’s going to be difficult with your cock still hard. So I’m going to take care of it for you, alright?”
Steve moved immediately, taking the desired position. He was rewarded with metal wrapping around his wrists, securing them to the headboard. He tugged at the restraints for a moment, knowing that he couldn't break free, enjoying the ability to struggle, not having to hold himself back.
Steve looked up at him, blinking away the haze of tears. “Is a sub this world’s version of an omega?”
He throbbed and ached inside the cage, the base wrapped around him too tight to allow for release. Tony knew exactly what he was doing. He drove him mindless with pleasure that never peaked, just kept building, higher and higher until it was unbearable. Steve couldn’t tell if it was pleasure or pain anymore. He just wanted more.
He was sitting at the couch, staring out the window. He wasn’t sure how much time he had lost this time. He was startled back to awareness by the couch dipping beside him under Bucky’s weight. “Stevie. You can’t keep doing this to yourself.”
Tony eased Steve onto his back, leaning over his body to lightly brush over his nipples. They hardened immediately, silently begging for attention, a request that Tony was more than happy to oblige. First with calloused fingertips, then his mouth. He alternated sucking at one stiff peak, tongue flicking over the tip, while he teased the other with his hand, softly pinching and rubbing. Steve was moaning in his sleep now, the scent of slick hanging in the air. Once both nipples were flushed a bright red, Tony moved on. Steve was carefully rolled onto his stomach as Tony slid down between his thighs, arms hooking around them to hold him open and still. The first brush of his mouth over Steve’s slick entrance had him waking with a gasp.
Steve hadn’t realized how attuned he was to the alpha’s presence, until he felt him the moment he entered the room. He squeezed his eyes tighter shut, fighting back tears, as suddenly all of the things he had heard about finding a mate when he was younger filled his mind. He understood now, why people talked about their alpha being their other half, of feeling connected. Why there were so many romance stories about meeting that special person and knowing that they were it. The one.
"Always, sweetheart. It looks like they're getting ready to set up a show over here. Do you want to stay and watch?"
." The emphasis on the word was clear. Tony wanted to show Loki and Bruce that they were here for the same reason. That they were on the same side, with no intentions to betray them.
Tony gripped Steve’s wrist, squeezing hard and jerking his hand away. “Enough.” Dark eyes flashed up at him, and Steve felt the pit of his stomach drop. “Trying to push me, omega? See what I’ll let you get away with?”
Standing once more, Tony checked the tubing to make sure everything was running properly, opening the valve further, speeding the flow of liquid. Steve was taking it so well, but he wanted to see him struggle. Tony was rewarded by a low groan. Steve doubled over further, arms wrapping around his rapidly swelling stomach as the first of the cramps began. However, due to Tony’s control, his erection never flagged. Tony stepped closer, reaching down to stroke him in earnest. Steve shuddered helplessly, fighting against his instinct to pull away. Tony worked him close to the edge before releasing him. Adjusting the valve to allow the last quarter of the mixture to flow down the tubing even faster.
He curled closer, burying his face against Tony’s neck. “I know. I do. I love you, Tony. Please don’t push me away again.”
Steve groaned, letting his head fall back against the pillow. The bed shifted and settled as Tony reached for something on the nightstand. There was a click, followed by slick sounds. Tony’s fingers were suddenly between his cheeks, rubbing insistently against his rim, coating it in a thick gel before pressing inside. A gasp tore from his lips. Everywhere the gel touched immediately started to throb with need. Steve tried to grind down, force the fingers deeper, but Tony resisted. Instead his touches remained shallow, thoroughly working his entrance and the slick glands just inside.
"Yeah, sweetheart. Right here." The brunette was packing computer parts into a briefcase, something he only did before leaving. Steve's heart sank. "You have another business trip, don't you."
He blinked a few times, head tilted to the side, studying Steve like he was a new and interesting problem to figure out. "You're welcome. But that's not all of it, is it? Come on, out with it. What else did you want to say? Gonna tell me to stop buying stuff for you?"
"Tony..." The word came out a pleading whine as the older man continued to stroke him, picking up the pace. "Please, no. I can't!"
"Exactly." The entire ride was a blur of agonized pleasure as Tony continuously played with the speed and strength of the vibrator, enjoying the ability to tease Steve mercilessly with no warning, only stopping once they reached their destination. He was led out of the car in an underground garage and into an elevator that Tony had to scan a small black card to gain access to. When the doors opened, they stepped into a dimly lit but elegant club. Pounding music could be heard coming from down a hallway, which was the direction Tony began to walk. They entered a large room filled with people, all dressed in similar fashion to themselves. That's when Steve realized what kind of club he had been brought to.
Tony returned long minutes later with two cups and a large bowl of fruit. He sat beside Steve on the bed offering him pieces of fruit with his fingers and sips of coffee to wash it down. However Steve kept getting distracted by the increasing throb of his entrance. Tony scolded him several times for squirming, and even slapped his thigh to get his attention when he still couldn’t hold still.
“That’s right. Good omega, letting your alpha take care of you. All you have to do is let me.” Tony’s mouth slid back to his, offering him more of the drugging kisses that Steve couldn’t get enough of. He barely noticed that one of Tony’s hands was working it’s way over his hip, rubbing circles over his ass, before sliding down further to rub behind his balls.
“You are most welcome, sweetheart.” Tony led him to the center of the room, buckled his wrists into sturdy leather cuffs attached to a long chain. Once they were secure, a spreader bar was fastened between his ankles, leaving his legs spread impossibly wide. A small hook on the floor was attached to the bar, anchoring it securely to the floor, before Tony moved to a control panel on the wall. The press of a button drew the chain up towards the ceiling, only stopping once Steve was spread out and helpless to move in any direction. When he realized how vulnerable the position left him, Steve began to whimper softly, tears already welling up in his eyes at what was to come.
With a sigh of relief, he rolled to drape himself over the brunette, clinging to him. Silently begging for sweet caresses and gentle kisses.
Every release made him feel more sore and swollen. Each drag of Tony’s lips and tongue both agony and ecstasy. Tony braced his forearm across Steve’s hips, keeping him pinned beneath him as he struggled to free himself from the unending torment. The delicate skin of his cock felt raw, his prostate cramping within his passage. The next release was agony, a hollow ache in his balls as he came dry. He had nothing left to give, and Tony still didn’t stop. Was moaning around him in enjoyment, and Steve still wasn’t hard. His cock didn’t so much as twitch, staying soft and useless beneath Tony’s ministrations.
"I know." He snuggled closer to the other man, letting out a soft sigh. "It was perfect. You take such good care of me."
Slowly, Steve stumbled out of bed and to the hallway, carefully opening Tony’s bedroom door. The other man woke instantly at the sound, sitting up in bed and staring at him groggily. “Steve…?’
“Figured it out, did you? That cream is filled with omega hormones. Should keep you nice and horny for at least a few hours.” He slapped Steve’s thigh again. “Okay, up. Don’t make me tell you twice.”
Steve buried his face deeper in the comforter, feeling his hips rocking back to meet each smack. Soft keening sounds escaped his throat. The gentle spanking went on and on, until Steve was on the edge of release. That’s when Tony stopped, fingers still against his entrance, feeling it pulse and squeeze against them.
The text was from the only number saved in the phone, identified only as Sir. There was no way of knowing who this was, where it came from, or what they wanted. He shouldn’t. If Bucky was alive he’d kill him for even considering it. “Jarvis?”
"Yeah, probably. So... Is this the part where we talk about some of the things that our Doms do to us and compare notes?"
Tony moved Steve off his lap, guiding him onto his hands and knees, hips tilted high in welcome. The plug was removed, walls pulsing around nothing, leaving him feeling empty. Only for a moment though, and Steve whimpered in relief as his alpha pressed inside of him, stretching him wider than the plug, not pausing until he was buried deep. Tony’s hands came around to work Steve’s chest, roughly, moaning as Steve squeezed around his cock, rocking against his grip, trying to force him deeper.
"In that case." Tony stepped up, sweeping Steve up in a bridal carry before launching into the air and flying them back to the tower. He set the blonde down carefully on the landing platform before shedding his armor. Even his flight suit was soaked in the goo. "Shower. Hot. Now."
So, armed with a tablet and a portable keyboard, possibilities have opened up. And you know what that means? If you answered kinky smut, you’re 100% correct!
He cried behind the gag, felt a gentle stroke through his hair. “Go on, sweetheart. You can do it. Work for it.” Steve remained caught, aching and confused. Everything but Tony felt unreal. A sharp smack landed on his exposed ass, pain exploded through him, causing his body to tighten, squeezing around the plug still sitting snugly inside of him. Another strong slap of the paddle, another contraction, and this time he moaned.
"Such a good boy. Now, do you remember what I said I was going to do, once you were begging me to lock you up again?"
“No. You’re not. You’re a naughty little omega who needs to be taught a lesson. If you’d been good, you would have been allowed to sit beside me and feed yourself. You weren’t. So now your only options are to accept food from your alpha, or go hungry.”
“I’ve told you how the day is going to go. What do you do, omega?” His voice was steely, unwavering.
Tony smiled approvingly. “Such a smart boy. Alright, honey. You just enjoy yourself.” He waited until James had buried his mouth back between Steve’s slick cheeks before turning the vibrator back on, this time a few settings higher. He seated himself in the chair, watching as James moaned into Steve’s hole, driving him over the edge and pulling back at the last moment, twice, causing Steve to wail in disappointment again and again, before finally succumbing to his own pleasure. James collapsed to the floor as his body twitched and spasmed through every last shock of pleasure. This time, instead of turning the toy off, Tony decreased it to the lowest level, watching James tremble as his arousal slowly built once more.
A female voice responded over the secure channel. “Absolutely gorgeous. I can understand why everybody has their panties in a twist over this guy. I never knew a murder strut could be so sexy.”
Steve crossed his arms over his chest and scowled. Just what he wanted, some society bred omega who had never wanted anything in life but to be owned by a wealthy alpha coming in to tell him he needed to accept it. He stayed stubbornly silent through lunch, and Tony allowed it, not pushing him to talk. Afterwards he curled up in one of the overstuffed chairs, staring sullenly out the window at the city below.
Just to let everyone know, I've posted the first chapter of a story starring a will be kinky in the future Bruce
Tony grinned wickedly. “Oh my sweet little masochist. The things I’m going to do to you.” His eyes glowed brilliant blue, taking Steve’s breath away for an entirely different reason. For a moment, nothing happened, then he felt the metal around his cock tighten, fitting around him more securely. A subtle shift between ordinary mode and playtime. Steve gasped, hips thrusting up into empty air.
After the battle of New York, it had seemed entirely reasonable for the Avengers to stay close to the city, to stay in touch. Tony, in his over the top Stark style, had offered the rest of them room to stay in his tower. After all, he owned an entire tower, had the money to keep them fed, supplied, etc. It had, in a way, made sense. So, one by one, the Avengers moved into the newly christened Avenger's Tower. And it had been fine. There was a common floor where they could spend time together, if they so chose, and everyone had their own floor.
Tony nodded, held him tightly to his chest. “So you haven’t worked any of your glands properly since you presented. Steve. You must be in pain all the time. Why didn’t you talk to someone?”
She leaned back on the couch with a smile, taking a drink from the bottle and passing it to Steve. "That sounds like a good thing."
Purposely misunderstanding his words, Tony offered him a gentle smile. “I know, sweetheart. But you’re mine now, and I need to take care of you. Don’t worry, the doctor’s a friend of mine. I’ve known him for years. He’ll be able to help fix you.”
Tony paused for just a moment beside the bed to watch Steve sleeping peacefully curled up in the soft sheets. He was so achingly beautiful that it caused something in his chest to twist. Steve Rogers was a gift that he would never deserve. Taking a breath, he forced himself to turn away. To walk out of the room and away from the tower, even though every fiber of his being was screaming for him to stay.
"Good boy. Here's what's going to happen. I'm going to spank you, until you're leaking in your pretty little panties. Then I'm going to put you on the floor. I have some work emails I need to send out, and you're going to keep my cock nice and warm while I do that."
"Okay." One arm wrapped tightly around Steve's waist, holding him back against Tony's chest. The other hand wrapped tight around his cock, starting a punishingly fast rhythm. There was no build-up, just hard strokes, working him to the edge dizzyingly quickly. Steve's head fell back against the other man's shoulder, hips rocking up into his fist. Tension coiled in his muscles, pleasure creeping up his spine, pushing him closer to the edge. Almost there...
"That's right, sweetheart. Gonna punish that hungry little hole of yours. Teach you some manners that way. It's just ginger. It won't hurt you."
Eventually he got up to shower and fix something to eat, carefully examining his thoughts. He felt good. Better than he had for days. Why? What changed? He finished breakfast and settled in to finish the reports for the team's last mission. If his younger self had realized how much paperwork was required to be a hero, he might never have agreed to Erskine. However, sometimes a distraction allowed him to see the answers to a problem more clearly. Might help.
“Either we stop now, and you stay like this until bedtime. Or, I try this little baby out on you, and I give you my cock. What do you want, honey?”
After Tony left, Steve followed his instructions to the letter. Spent an hour soaking in the bathtub, trying to relax his sore muscles, before curling up on the couch with his tablet to read a book Bruce had recommended. Unfortunately, the sci-fi didn't capture his imagination today. Instead it reminded him how much Bucky would have loved it, leaving him feeling miserable and depressed. Which was how Tony found him.
Moans turned into cries, as Tony continued to work him with his fingers, shallow thrusts to thoroughly coat his entrance in the medication. The longer it went on, the more desperate Steve became, obviously having forgotten about his punishment from earlier. Unable to resist, Tony stroked over the soft cocklet, drawing Steve’s attention back to it. When realization dawned, his eyes grew wide, tears sliding free. “No! Please! I need… I need it. Please!”
He shook his head roughly, trying to chase the thought away. The image of Steve bringing the shield down on his chest, without a care for the arc reactor or what that would do to the man under him still haunted his attempts to sleep every night. The tower was empty. Felt like a ghost town. And Tony was the one haunting it.
"Or, you could just surprise them by not pulling anything, just think about it," Bucky told him, as if it was the evilest of plans, and not just a suggestion because he knew all too well that while Loki didn't like to seem soft, he kind of didn't feel compelled to do anything he would have in the past, a long-long time ago.
"What a strange question, Captain." At least even Thor noticed that, giving the Captain a look that made Steve red.
"Gosh, sorry, not you, you're the best, helping out both Fury and us when you don't need the extra credit," Steve quickly starts explaining now.
"So, I'm thinking it's time to do the exclusive now," Fury then one day says. "Our annual fundraising bake sale is coming up. But there's one thing regarding."
"It's only for one night, you understand. I can't take any of them as lovers, so..." Loki wasn't fooling neither himself nor Bucky with that excuse, but it was also okay when Barnes shut him up with a kiss that was almost better than Loki's memories.
"As he always insists I need to talk to people face to face more. Maybe we could be each other's alibi."
Although, not all. One of Thor's friends was a surprisingly worthy warrior (albeit Loki could make no sense of his obnoxious personality or the whole getup he was wearing to the fight), and Loki only kept an eye on him because he got too close to Loki while fighting.
Besides, it's not like Phil's situation could get any worse, it's already awkward as hell between the two of them, so maybe instead of Coulson pulling away, he should see where this would go if he moved into the exact opposite direction.
Coulson still struggles to accept the concept that Steve could be interested in him in any way that wasn't just a bad joke, but to the hell with it, he had a long and tiring day, just as Steve, and it's not like they didn't earn at least some food to eat, right?
"I don't know. But that's the point. If you like me and not just feel some misplaced gratitude that I took you in, I'd like to figure it out first. With you."
"For the record, I've never worked for Tony," Steve was irritated, but he also noticed Thor was just giving him a mischievous smile. He provoked Steve on purpose with that, feigning that he didn't know that only. So seeing that, Steve only added. "I don't know. Might just retire. Maybe some fast-food restaurants are hiring or something."
"Did you disable them because of me?" Bucky was right, the time-frame fit, but it wasn't the reason, so Tony had to even explain further, just when he thought he was done talking for the week.
“You know, you keep telling everybody that Hulk is nothing like you, but that’s not true, is it?” Thor asked.
"That's why I thought we were in agreement," Bucky went to gather his gym bag, ready to leave. "Yet if I didn't stop when I did, you would have freaked, and that would have made him even more skittish."
"I know some lines are shaky, but I thought you'd like it," Steve frowned. He didn't think he did such a bad job depicting Iron Man with a guitar, given that he had only a limited range of colors. Or at least not such a horrible job that Tony would have to storm into his room the first chance he got to demand an explanation.
Hearing that Steve couldn't really eat a bite, no matter how hungry he was before, and Tony must have noticed too because he stopped Steve before they parted ways.
And Phil did. He didn't expect the team to suck in front of a camera this much after all the selfies he'd seen in his research, and Peter no doubt helped, but...
"Ah, this isn't just a green tan, Thor. I'm both Banner and the Hulk now, in one. Actually, it's all thanks to you. You told me we were just the same, I just needed some time to accept it."
"I took the long road," he then told Steve, once the fight was over, and Steve woke in a hospital bed. "And your advice, Captain."
"I'm not that busy, but I'm also sure you can figure it out by yourself," Phil tries to keep his calm, and not panic that Rogers seemingly unaware of the effect he had on others and wants to spend more time with him, but Phil's voice sounds harsher than he originally planned on, so to ease that he adds. "Steve."
"My weakness. I get it," Loki probably would have done the very same thing, and Banner not only managed to get them out but also took him on the escape, which was good news. "But for it to be a weakness, it has to be at least partially true."
So he went to Midgard when Thanos asked. And he was ready to use the Chitauri spell, which was forbidden for thousands of years now, and with good reason.
"Captain, I'd rather just stay here, and have a few good years than going back where I have nothing."
"Even if you're right, and you're sorry little existence matters somewhat, it still doesn't explain why I got cursed this way," Loki was frustrated because the mortal's explanation made too much sense.
"His parents aren't really in the same social circle, so they don't care," Rocket waved the concern off. "So, please please pretty please, Quill, can we eat lunch with you from now on, even if we don't share any classes?"
"He's Gabe, and we were just having a chat," Bucky tried to remember, but all he had was a username and a hurried introduction.
Either he didn't have a soul-bonded, or they were dead, or living in a country with no administration, or... their marks had been also removed the same was Tony's was, and a fake was registered instead.
"I'm going to make a box for you Super-legs just to put a warning label on it saying you shouldn't try to lift vehicles with it," in a way, it was funny too, because usually, Tony was the reckless one, and Rhodey tried to talk him out of it.
By then, Tony knew too much, and if he was expandable, he feared Schmidt would just kill him, so he tried to play along while not giving in, but had panic attacks now almost every other day, even if he was safe - for now. He knew it would never last.
"Make a move, Lokitty, and I'm going to bust you out of the room. Through the walls," he said, and when Loki tried to pretend he didn't get what was happening because he was just a cat for real, he added. "Steve told us. And it's not every day that cats appear in hospitals. If you were a human, you'd know."
He first took a form of a nurse, but the Captain received care in a private facility, and it seemed that everyone knew everyone there, so they only asked him if he was lost, not even letting him further than the reception.
He had the capacity to change if the situation required that. If the Avengers needed it, if his country needed it, or any of his friends, he always did it in a heartbeat. Even with Tony, he did the same for years.
"A vision of a possible future, obviously," Strange woke up next to him. "I've told her to stop doing this, but when she desperately wants something, she looks for a future that matches her expectations, and keeps you in a loop in it until you go mad or just give in."
"I'm glad for you both. But still, I'm afraid I can't help you. I'm a better use as an extra pair of hands here than on some heroic quest, believe me."
"You were the most brilliant and hindered at the same time. So I thought it would make a difference at first. And when it did, I sort of got sucked in."
"No, I think you owe me a proper explanation," Steve, however, stood there like he was glued to the spot. "I thought you were my friend because you were the only one who saw the real me despite my size, but turns out I was only ever a friend to you because of it?"
Now, though, Phil wants something more. Maybe his muse is gone, remembering why he started the newspaper in the first place, dragging it out of the obscure paper-based solution the school had before but nobody read. But he can't seem to care any better about any topic to write about than he cares about the rest of the clubs there are in school.
It is sort of hilarious - Peter is having the time of his life, although he refrains from showing it so he wouldn't insult Steve who is trying so hard - it also means that Phil has to spend more time with the captain yet again, so he switches tactics.
"Clues as to why I'm here?" Steve walked up to a table where some a screen displayed many windows loading, probably some program running in the background.
"As if you were ever..." Bucky started, but then realized they were in public and how Loki might not want for everyone to know, but it was too late.
"If we're all supposed to be together, one of you better tell me. Right now," he warned that made both Steve and Tony shut up.
“Then you won’t. I’ll… try to help you the best I can. My mom was a nurse, so I’ve picked up a couple of things watching her,” Steve told him, and Tony could only give him a shaky smile. For some reason he thought Steve would not listen to him just as he didn’t before, saying that it was for Tony’s sake.
Maria is his best friend, and Nat and Clint are her friends, so they often just hang out. There's Jimmy, too, who Phil used to date, but they ended up being friends.
Once Bucky was back to himself enough, he had the power to shove Loki away, now strong enough to jump on his feet, and escape the stunned Avengers. While Loki not only couldn't gather himself from the ground, he also fainted and woke... in Asgard.
Banner picked up things so easily as if he was using magic all his life, but he only got the right amount of power to do it right. Loki wasn't going to mention this, but at the same time, he couldn't just accept it.
"Believe me, I've seen monsters, and a walking ghost demon drinking blood that was freely offered doesn't even qualify to be in the top 20."
And Tony's advice worked. Steve needed his daily exercise routine to get his head back on straight, but after he was done, he knew what to do. He registered on a site that was looking for volunteers.
"Wouldn't you try in my place? If someone from your family was dying, wouldn't you try possibly everything to stop it?" Steve had no right to tell her what to do. Even if he was Tony's mate, she could refuse to treat him with something so highly experimental, so all he could do is to try to appeal to her hoping she'd understand.
"If you want to explain to them how you got to this predicament despite being a man, be my guest. If not, I'm all you got. And Wong, if he is ever back from his lunch break."
"From what your Terminator pal told me, your list of movies could use a serious makeover," Tony, of course, would say that.
Tony wondered about that for a mere second, but the facts were still facts. Bucky's world revolved around Steve, and that made everything else irrelevant.
"For today, I thought I could cook something nice welcoming Steve back, and we could take it easy," Bucky told him as if he was reading Steve's mind.
And he was right not to, so Loki could only internally sigh. Not only would he have to kill Ebony himself, and try to avoid Thanos' suspicions about it later when he already had like 4 Stones, he'd also have to knock out Ironman and his underling first - without seriously hurting them or making too much noise. Right.
That's why, when after a busy day Steve had found Buck with a new arm that smelled of Tony's tinkering from miles away, and Bucky just shrugged it off, he made a mental note.
"If she didn't confuse dancing and the occasional air-guitar solo with a stroke, you can," Bucky caught Steve looking at him questioningly after the "just to get me here" part, and felt more exposed suddenly between him and Tony without any clothes on, so he quickly got dressed while Tony was typing away on his StarkPhone, probably trying to see what could have gone wrong.
"And if I already did?" Quill was nothing if not stubborn. This time, he didn't want to just back down, but he must have underestimated how pissed Rocket was about the fake-date thing, because one second Quill was about to crack a lame joke, and the next, Rocket was pushing him to the table and kissing him.
“Because I saw… Tony, I saw it all…” Steve said, stepping up to Tony without thinking twice, touching his arm lightly and trying to meet his eyes again. “Do you believe me?”
Luckily Clint still had a clear shot; though it was slightly distorted due to the smoke, he could see that glowing eye from a mile away. It was time to shoot the second and he did, drawing back his bow, arrow in place, eyes focused on the target, narrowing before shooting with intense precision. It landed straight in the bot’s second eye, and it threw its arms up in the air in disarray, head going back and forth, side to side to try and scan, but without visuals it couldn’t do its job.
Somehow, Tony felt a twinge in his heart, like he could feel the silent soldier’s feelings. He wasn’t sure how, or if it were just a fatigue induced hallucination, either way, he found himself trying to crane his neck, desperate to lock eyes with Steve. His fingers twitched, but he leaned over, surpassing his fears and placed a hand on Steve’s hand.
The circle in the centre of his chest beamed brightly, Doom turning his full attention toward it and with a powerful cry he shouted. “Go go Stark Unibeam!”
The command low toned made Steve purr, giving him another chaste press of lips and continuing with the smooth rub along him. He could feel Tony’s body lift in eagerness and his ankle hook around Steve’s own. He breathed him in, sharing their breath with such an intimately placed kiss, deciding to trail his lips to the patch of well-trimmed hair that framed Tony’s chin. Tony’s hands raised and cupped the back of Steve’s head, drawing him closer as he noticed whenever he came close, his stroking movements would pick up their pace.
“Fury was trying to protect him… From what…” He pondered. Each paper showed progress, development and recovery from a severe case of post-traumatic stress. That’s why the era on the screen was further progressed than the 1940’s setting that Tony had expected. “He was trying to ease you into the world… Says here that you weren’t ready, that your mental stresses were so severe that he feared you snapping when you woke up. Bullshit. You’re Captain America… You’re not just some dummy, you’re a guy that fought the Nazi’s, you’re the same guy that withstood blow after blow, the sentinel of liberty.” Fury could’ve sped up the progress, even Tony knew that, but he chose not to, perhaps because he wanted Steve to be their secret weapon, their last resort. “Captain Rogers…” Tony managed to pull his eyes away from the screen and to the man on the bench, pulling up a chair and reaching for the dog tags around the porcelain dolls neck, reading them. “It’s really you… It’s you…” He could feel his heart thudding, a sense of butterflies making his stomach turn. He needed to pull him out of this dream, this lie. With a small pivot he yanked out the wires that connected Steve to the system. He heard the door swing open and a couple of lab assistants fumbled through the swinging metal.
“According to the systems he’s dead. There’s no life in his body. None. Somehow, the serum has been altered by something that I’ve never seen before, and that ‘something’ allows it to circulate throughout his body. However, it’s not to the extent to keep him alive. He’s walking, yet dead…” Reed speculated.
“We’ll diffuse it. No biggie,” Tony said with a shrug. “Looks simple enough. I just want to know who’s behind this… And why.”
“I can prove it to you!” Steve said in a determined voice, “You had a false bottom on your drawer, you kept a figurine of me in there!”
Steve knelt down, pulling out the kit and taking what he needed, a couple of cold compresses, cracking them to activate them just like SHIELD had shown him in his medical training. “Take that off.”
The muffled whisper made the armoured man stop in his tracks. “Steve? You’re awake?” He asked with an inflection of hope.
“We’ll head back to the mansion, get ourselves fixed up first, and then find the others. There’s only so much we can do with these things.”
“Oh, he wants to see us, I’m pretty sure he wants to see us.” Hammer’s cocky voice echoed from the other side of the factory. “Come on Tony, my pet, bring him to us.”
“What? Spit it out Cap.” Tony said, but he couldn’t help but smile slightly, even though he was trying his best to mask it. Did Captain America really say he could pass off as an angel?
“Yes, we’ve managed to repair it. Luckily, the fracture was vacuum sealed by one of your bots. The AI behaved quite intelligently…I must admit, I am very impressed, Tony.” Reed complimented the man…a compliment that was needed, for Tony looked utterly forlorn. A beard ran wild and untamed, dark red circles hung under his eyes, and he even looked much paler in skin tone and thinner. Reed would’ve assumed by first glance that Tony was the one that was sick, not Steve. After numerous checks - particularly after the first incident, Tony was seemingly as fit as a fiddle.
A huge mountain of pillows and blankets, a small light in them glowing between the tiny gaps managing to escape – built around Tony’s bed was a giant fort of pillows.
“You’re an angel…” Steve said, gesturing to Tony’s wings that slumped down, dragging on the bed as Tony moved his shoulder blades slightly.
They reached a room blocked by a plank of wood, shifting it to one side and opening the door that fell off the hinges the moment they did. Tony held his hand out to Peter, walking in and staring through the eyelets of his faceplate, looking from side to side, holding up his palms so that he could shine more light into the place.
Clint had to quickly brace himself against the large rumbling from the heavy steps of the robot coming their way.
He trailed his gauntlet covered hand over Steve’s chest, just over the star of his shirt. He wished for that second that he could feel the soft movements of his chest again, the ones Steve would make whenever he would breathe the same soft huffs and rise and fall of his chest that would put him to sleep.  He wished to feel the warmth of Steve’s skin, the smooth texture, the feeling of his golden soft hair that resembled the touch of feathers between his own fingers. Tony bit down on his lower lip. Perhaps he wasn’t thinking straight, perhaps the depression, anxiety and stress was finally getting to his head but he just wanted to obey that yearning, have something to himself just for once. It wasn’t selfish to want to feel the man he loved just once more.
Without hesitation, and more in desperation Tony shut his eyes and kissed Steve’s cheek, then the corner of his lips, nearing the centre, but instead of planting a kiss once he neared the middle, he drew inches back and whispered. “Can you feel me now?” He whispered, his lower lip still trembling.
“What? It’s true…” She pouted back at Carol, meeting her eyes with an intense stare. “No one ever lasts more than a week with that guy.”
Steve couldn’t help but laugh at Tony’s dramatics. “No! No, I just liked it back then, a little more than the black and gold you wear now. Though I should be glad that there’s still some gold, after all, you
Tony laughed lightly, lifted his faceplate and inhaled deeply after the dust had settled and lay down on the bed, hearing a crunch. His eyebrows furrowed and he slowly turned his head to see a skull beside him, his eyes shooting wide open and pushing himself off the bed and stumbling to the ground.
“A huge Roxxon truck carrying oil was in our way, and we both crashed into it…” Tony’s eyes welled up and he covered his face for a moment with his hand. “Victor, who was chasing me, gets in it too… Rumiko… She didn’t make it. It’s… All my fault. I tried so hard to save her, in the end I just… Couldn’t do enough.”
The boy began to lead the way out, thinking whilst he was walking about possible places to go. “All this time I’ve been moving from alley to alley, staying hidden. The longest I’ve stayed was in the place we found you in, it was pretty hidden. We stayed in the alleyways… The further out we went the more in danger we were. To be honest, I haven’t been out this far in a long, long time.”
Steve was chained up to the wall. His head hung, and his uniform was torn and tattered after his capture. It took more than just strength to capture Cap, it involved courage and a well-conceived plan. He didn’t put either past Zola – quite frankly, he
Tony didn’t know what exactly he’d triggered, but he caught the tail end of Steve mentioning Bucky’s name, which was a good sign.
“You claim to be the righteous side, just as terrorists claim to be,” Steve tilted his head in the half mask he was in, his face cupped by the chin piece and underside of the helmet.
Peter turned his head from side to side, seeing people jump out of corners as though they were rats crawling out from the sewer at the first sign of food. He glanced down at his web cartridges that he had prepared a long time in advance; like he’d said, there hadn’t been any labs he was able to use so what he had was limited. SHIELD only contacted once in a blue moon, and it was their own responsibility to stay off the radar especially with these killings becoming more frequent; though this meant, as Tony so observantly spotted, that his webbing was much weaker than it potentially could be.
Fury rolled his eye and pushed himself up from his seat, opening the window for the man to fly through – there were jets coming from the soles of his boots, leaving cyan streaks in the air before he settled on the ground, his palms held to either side of him, downward-facing, to help him balance. But just as he did a gust of wind flew in with him and all the papers that Fury had neatly placed in front of him flew everywhere, including in Steve’s face.
He scrubbed at his hands again, over and over. They were numb with the cold and the non-stop rain anyway, he was still helpless and couldn’t quite overcome the guilt that was tightening around his chest. So he turned to Steve, wrapping his arm around his torso and holding him close, whispering apologetic words to him in search of redemption. Instead, he only whispered until his voice was hoarse, until his fatigue grasped hold of him and gently, slowly, put him to sleep.
Steve bit his lower lip for a moment, and then gave him a nod of consent, hearing the loud click of Tony’s customised arc-reactor style belt, then the raise of his hip as he pulled it through the rest of the rungs on his trousers until it slid off the cotton sheets. Instinctively he reached for Steve belt too, pulling at it, feeling his way around all five points on the star, then finally unbuckling it and letting it too take its place in what he intended to be the mass of clothes.
“Yes… I mean, well… It’d be different…” That slip of the tongue when he had first answered the question.
!” Frantically the spider tried to escape from the metal grip, attaching himself to the nearest fungus covered wall.
Again, the acrylic knife that he had came in handy as he leaned closer, he pressed the edge to him and began to cut, cringing himself as he did. Blood seeped from the newly opened wound and Peter clenched his fists tightly. Since it was more of a lump under the skin, Tony had hoped that it was above the brain, just over the skull and much to his relief he was correct. There was the flashing green square. “Why did you get this, kid?” He asked, mainly to distract the boy.
“Back with T’Challa, safe. There are boats and a nearby safe-house just by the state borders,” Carol said. “They were injured, so you have us helping you out now, Cap.”
It wasn’t long until their eyes met; he met the deep azure that made him freeze in place. The bottom half of him was the unmistakable Iron Patriot that was stolen from him so long ago by Norman Osborn, and the top half was well…
Doom’s fingertips traced along the ears of the feline in his lap, downward delicately until they reached the tip of its tail which it flicked up to try and meet as much of the cold metallic touch as it could.
“Bucky! Just come to me, take my hand, we gotta let this go!” He pleaded, reaching his hand out to the boy, feeling his legs sliding down the metal panels, typical Hydra and their poorly built planes.
“Tell me more about this brain disease,” Tony demanded, even though his throat was still sore from the acidic aftertaste.
Again, Killgrave looked far from impressed, but he needed Hammer to help him with his own machine so he let it slide. He could easily just take him over and force him to work with him, but their alliance was willing… For now.
this isn’t you.” Steve replied, folding back a glowing blue visor he had, dusting off his own chest plate with a huge star on the front. “These are alternate versions of us. Though it still hurts me that I had to do this…” He sucked in a long breath. “Killing you in any dimension isn’t exactly desirable, Shellhead.”
Tony tilted his head back and noticed Reed. In truth for those moments he’d actually forgotten that he was sat right there, baring witness to what had just happened. Tony helped Steve up and swatted away at the love hearts that continued to float around his head, a loud drum echoing as he gazed down at the light in his chest that had seemingly turned bright pink – a heart appearing on it and beating as though he were some sort of cartoon. Again, Steve laughed before running up to Reed, staggering a little if it wasn’t for Tony wrapping his arm around him and running alongside him supporting him.
“Pretty much, but the plus side is that the spotlights don’t really come around here as much… Keyword being as much. At least they give us that much.”
Steve scrambled to his feet, displaying his agility from his practices, able to flip himself up from being thrown to the ground with ease. He chased after Tony but the man in armour had managed to reach the first set of doors and then let his armour drop off, the sterilising mist filling the chamber before he was let out of the second, being greeted by a robe which he fumbled on in a hurry. He was scared, absolutely petrified. His entire body was still shaking as he bolted to the window to see Steve throw himself up against it, snapping his teeth a few times, trying to scratch at the window before pulling back with a loud groan.
The second that they drove past it Steve couldn’t help but wonder how he hadn’t noticed the place before, but now when he stared at it, it gave him the heebie-jeebies. It was only thanks to the tracker that they’d actually found the place, but Steve wasn’t the only one kicking himself for not noticing – Tony of course had thought that all this time Victor had returned to Latveria, but there he was, right under his nose. He was kicking himself internally as he passed the mansion that just oozed the dark power that was so typical of his nemesis.
“He shouldn’t be out here when there’s a curfew; he’s probably running to avoid the spotlight patrol, same as us. Let’s go and help him escape from the spotlights, get him back to his home.”
Tony’s eyes widened as Steve ran in, coming up from behind and punching Batroc square across the face. The first thing that he’d seen from a distance was the way that he’d thrown Tony into that wall, and Steve was
Clint was told to run back and snipe from a nearby building, so it was Steve’s duty to sign to him what exactly he’d seen from his current position and he did so with his hands, hoping that Clint had managed to catch it.
Tony had a plan, connecting JARVIS’ hacking ability to MODOK – maybe he could disable his chair completely and render him useless, all they had to do was attach his wire from behind. Tony glanced up at Steve, and the cop got the hint, not knowing exactly what Tony had planned but knowing he needed a distraction. So what he did was shoot a couple of pieces he saw.
“You see, the thing about this mirror is that it can only be used once for cross-dimensional travel. Once.” Tony leaned closer to the mirror. “How badly do you want to work for me, though? I want to
Tony found himself shutting his eyes for a second, comforted by just being next to Steve, just to be holding him in his arms like that, he drifted off into a fatigue induced rest.
“We wanted to use reactor technology to save others, but it appears that yours is the last of it. All in all, this brain disease is affecting nations world wide, people, everyone. The only way to prevent it all seems to be a little chip in your mind. The augmentations you were given were to help with your loss of limbs, since you seemed to be right in the line of fire during the first explosion. Anyone physically impacted was given bionic enhancements you know, especially if they were standing right in front of the damn thing when it went off. That fill you in enough?”
“In another life, Steve, I don’t think I’d mind. And you’ve made it through my Heat without touching me, which is only…”
"We'll probably be back, once he's calmed," Pepper told him with a sigh. "But he's clearly miserable, had spent a lot of time with your boyfriend lately, and I don't think that kiss was as just part of a hilarious joke as he tried to portray it to be."
Then he got sick - not even his heart, just the flu or something trivial, really, but with fever, unfortunately, - and Dr. Zola ordered a couple of tests and figured it out. And Tony would have attempted his third major escape plan he was working on for a long time but was anyway too sick to even stand.
"Well, try," Tony sarcastically noted. At first glance, he was angry, but at second, he had lines under his eyes, and his emotions were volatile, shifting from one extreme to another. Also a complication of Loki leeching on Tony, then mostly stopping when hospitalized now.
"I'm surprised you left this utopia then," Loki had the answer immediately. "Or maybe you just decided you didn't like the taste of said bots?"
was just to shut up and take a smaller loss, so he sat back down again, - as far as he could from the other two - and buried his face in his hands.
"You're right. It's a distraction I didn't know I needed," Phil can't believe he's doing this, but he wanted something new for the newspaper (and himself), and this could be it.
Bucky was what some obscure texts on Asgard referred to as a "draugr" (what the Midgardians would call vampire), and a royal draugr in that, meaning that he didn't come out of the transformation as a flesh-eating zombie.
"It's called artistic freedom Steve, now chop-chop, before Rhodey sees, or I'll also print you one - just on a mug. Or on a 100 T-shirts. Maybe you’d prefer a life-size pillow?"
"Are you trying to provoke me so I might just provoke you better?" Bruce was only too right because that's what Loki was doing.
And, as surprising as it was, Tony felt up for this when he didn’t for even standing. Not that he minded the fact.
"As I said. Pep usually takes care of the thank you cards people send me, you could have saved a trip coming here."
"I'm 1048, from Asgard but originally Jotunheim, and I'm allergic to people asking questions they already know the answer to," Loki just said, and when he only got a wondering look, he just shrugged. "I mean, it's not like you really know me, so I thought I'd help you out a little, stating facts you seem to find important."
Steve didn't come to reprimand Tony and already regretted doing it the minute it was out of his mouth. The other super soldier was fine and told him Tony only needed more time, but whenever there was a risk of them going somewhere where Tony could or would appear as well, he completely retreated to almost Winter Solider silent, and Steve hated it.
"I'm gonna lock myself up in my cabin at night," Bruce murmured. "So I don't always wake up flashing you."
Strange never taught him the inner workings of a single spell, thinking that if Tony was doing it instinctively, he might just find different solutions to the same problems, but there was still plenty of practice both mentally and physically that Stark needed.
Tony hated the fact that Stephen was going to die, but part of him knew this was the only reason the Doc showed up that night, so when Strange appeared one day with a "we have to talk", Tony could only hope it wasn't about how Stephen wanted to break it off.
If their roles were reversed, Bucky would have probably either yelled at Tony, or accused Steve of cheating, but surely making a scene. Bucky knew it was a good thing Steve didn't, but deep down also feared maybe it was because Steve simply didn't care.
But his discomfort only grew, just when he thought it reached the worst - not really leaving a chance for him to talk.
"That Barnes was the mortal and you were the god in your relationship," Stark finished the line of thought. "The cat to your dog. The Watson to your Sher-"
"I thought you said you almost destroyed the Tower several times," Strange kindly reminded him. "And besides, what else would you do?"
And although Quill wasn't sitting alone any longer - hell, even Nebula joined their table now for some reason - he felt just as bad if not worse than when he did.
"She told me you tried to cheat," the Grandmaster turned to Loki, so he must have been informed about the spell.
"No, if we're doing this, then Friday shouldn't just grill Tony and me," Barnes announced. "You know, sometimes I wonder if you aren't trying to push me toward Tony because you're so fascinated by him yourself."
"It appears we've switched bodies with Stark, Wong," Strange said. "Mr. Stark, I'm Doctor Stephen Strange, and currently-"
Which, in turn, made both Pepper and Bruce secretly bring ice cream to him, and Loki wanted to tell them he was fine - Asgard didn't have such an overly sweet cuisine anyway - but he also discovered that Midgardians didn't eat ice cream alone, and he enjoyed the talks they had thanks to it. Not to mention how Steve always ate any ice cream Loki would leave because his metabolism was fast enough that he needed the calories.
Steve and Tony deflected them, standing back to back to knock the swarm away, that’s when the Captain needed to make his move, sprinting toward the costumed evil-doer and throwing up his leg to kick him down, forcing him to the floor with an easy hoof.
When Reed had returned  with the sterilised food in his arms, folded into the flexible skin of his forearm that he was using as a bag and that looked more like a sling he spotted Tony standing by the glass with his palms pressed against it and tilted his head when he noticed Steve doing the same.
His own hands moved for the rocks. So much for a perfect manicure that he had gotten just days ago – his hands were gritty, dirt under his nails, broken, calloused and chipped with tiny cuts and bruises along his hands. The tell-tale signs of blisters were riddled along his palms, but he needed to get those rocks off Steve’s legs.
“D-dizzy…” Steve said before collapsing to his knees, Tony quickly knelt down next to him and wrapped his huge metallic arms around Steve to keep him upright.
The more his eyes scanned the more his reality shattered, with fragments piecing together from his childhood. According to these files Captain America’s body was found and kept. The actual body was being preserved off the coast of England, which was something that Tony was desperate to see. Even if it was just a body, he wanted to see his childhood hero in front of his eyes; he wanted to gaze upon the man that had saved so many.
“Man of Iron,” Thor replied with a hefty slap to Tony’s back. Tony’s eyes screwed up at the power, biting the bullet and trying to smile despite the tiny twitches of his lips to hide a grimace. “You appear a mess.” Carol was clearly trying not to laugh at Thor’s lack of tact as she neared Steve, kneeling down over Hank as soon as he placed him down on the soft grass.
The floating head, MODOK (Mechanized Organism Designed Only for Killing) cackled with pleasure as it flipped a switch and a red beeping dot appeared on the monitors. It seemed that during the brawl the leaper had managed to stick a tracker on the sole of Tony’s shoe.  “Indeed he did.”
Steve was stood in front of him, wearing all white, with a bright golden glow from the dim lighting behind him that made his blonde hair shimmer with every subtle movement.
“Thought I was what, Cap?” The boy placed his hand on Steve’s jacket shoulder, gently trying to lift him to his feet. “You’re day dreamin’ ain’t ya, come on now. I know you’re all arty but there ain’t no need to be carryin’ that creative brain of yours to reality.” Bucky chuckled.
“There’s a sterilising shower to the corner, whenever you need to use it just press the button and we’ll make sure that this screen is shut down. Don’t want anyone spying on Cap in the shower now do we?” Tony said, using the comm-system that projected into the room via microphone to speakers that were set up in the inner lining of the wall.
“No, I think the system’s not working as it should. It’s okay, you’re fine.” Tony gave the monitors one last suspicious glance before making his way toward the scanner and letting Steve out. Steve didn’t waste a moment before draping one arm around Tony’s shoulders. It just took that one touch to take Tony’s mind away from the machine and he slid his own arm comfortably around Steve’s waist as they found themselves walking down the hallway. “You’ve never looked better. I’m sure I don’t need a couple of tests to reassure me of that.”
“I don’t… I don’t remember… I just…” Steve stuttered, his fingers skimming over his torn flesh that wasn’t bleeding at all.
Steve knew it was now or never, he needed to pull out all of the stops this time, but as he cupped his hand around the outside of Tony’s jaw his heart aching with desperation his eyes darted toward the two figures standing by the balcony of the factory, the Purple Man holding out an umbrella with Hammer standing underneath it with a smug look and a square device in his hand.
Tony spun on his chair to glance over at the man. “As you may have noticed, the Captain is becoming much more aggressive—“
The next thing he remembered was slipping into the ice cold waters, his eyes open as the darkness slowly enveloped him. He saw the light from the surface and reached for it desperately, his lungs filling with water, the drumming of his heart in his ears as the light slipped further and further away. Then he had woken up to see a man with a metal helmet looming over him and staring through two slits, bright blue eyes that were the first thing he saw, then hearing his muffled voice begin to clear, that smooth low tone. Then the events that followed – all of the adventures with the Avengers, alongside them, even by himself and the return of his beloved companion having been brainwashed and it was that very memory that made his eyes shoot open.
The second that Tony was thrown against the wall, Steve winced, feeling a pain rise up his legs and up his calves, feet jittering and trying to inch their way toward Tony. It was as though he felt Tony’s pain, but he didn’t know how that could be possible.
Steve pulled Tony closer, gently his raindrop covered lips brushed against the man of his secret affection. He wasn’t going to die here, but if anything ought to snap Tony out of the control this was it – this was his last chance – a confession. His breathing skimmed over Tony’s skin, his hand pulling him closer to just skim his nose against the tip of Tony’s rounder one.
Watching the Captain weep over Tony’s body was a heart breaking sight for all, regardless, after dealing with Norman they stood in unison in a moment of silence for their fallen comrade.
Candles were lit along the dining table and it had a beautiful red and gold cloth placed over it. There were over a dozen plates for every member, and seats too, all prepared perfectly, dare he say, even better than how he prepared it himself. Johnny puffed out his chest, gesturing frantically toward the golden turkey that he’d prepared himself with Sue’s supervision.
“Jesus, I thought you were being ironically racist. That’s got to be your real name. Why would you give me your real name?”
“Oh, he’s a smart-aleck who isn’t impressed by you in that uniform?” Buck nodded. “That’ll be of no interest to you, o’course.”
Tony used a flat hand on each side of his head to crack tension from his neck. He rubbed more feeling into his inexplicably cold fingers. Huh. That was... successful? Maybe? But also, really uncomfortable? His phone buzzed, rattling against the desk.
Rogers eyes narrowed and head tilted, like he’d seen something in Tony that didn’t meet expectations. That was a pretty familiar look. Then Officer Ken Doll hightailed it out of the office before Tony could even round his desk.
Tony staggered to his feet (with grace, of course, and plenty of sex appeal) and made his way across the ballroom toward the very tall, very young, very interested-looking man in a rented tux. He had really broad shoulders, which was kind of a
Tony took in his student’s twisted mouth, his noisy fingers, his carefully-styled hair. He was so damn young. Still wearing his house key strung onto his lanyard, recent student photo smiling with too many teeth. Something in Tony’s chest clenched tight.
. Water sliding down the stranger’s body, along the muscles of his lean back. The stubble felt softer than expected, longer, so Steve pictured a dark beard. He wasn't usually a fan of facial hair, but it felt fucking exquisite against his stomach as the man bit down on Steve’s slick hip.
Once his brain started sorting through probabilities, there was no stopping it. He had to concede defeat long before he’d normally tap out of his workout, but it was probably for the best. It got dark early this time of year, and he’d need another shower and a snack before bed. Steve let his whirring mind go wild as he jogged back home again.
his father, if a bit awkwardly, before turning in Tony’s direction. Teenagers who hugged their parents should only exist on TV. Tony crossed the room with his Public Smile firmly in place.
“Let me take you home. Without the pro.” When Tony rolled his eyes, Rhodey took hold of both his biceps, shaking him a little. “You and me. BFF time. We’ll watch ‘The Breakfast Club’ and gorge ourselves on sugary cereal.”
“She’s worth spoiling,” Steve always replied. He pulled a strip of jerky from his pack, and Goldie took it from him with a wagging tail and a wolfish smile.
Rogers frowned and shook his head slowly. “He's 14. What would college do to a 14-year-old, Mr. Stark? Chew him up, spit him out. His mom and I don't want that for Peter.”
“I’m fine. Stop fussing. I’m going home with a lumberjack-in-look-only, to have very dignified sex. I’ll even leave on the bowtie.”
What the hell was Fury’s meeting about? Assuming the police chief wasn’t lying (big assumption), and the threat wasn’t terrorism, what would necessitate a formal sit down without
It was the only choice. The only scenario that didn’t end with Tony’s skull splattered all over the backseat. Tony slid both legs out of the vehicle, hands still raised, and stood up.
That made Steve tense up, again. Jasper Sitwell was Fury’s second-in-command. If Sitwell wasn’t clued in, Steve knew it must be more serious than Fury was letting on over the phone. He’d said it wasn’t terrorism, though.
.” Peter leaned far forward in his seat, smiling. Tony tapped his fingers against his chest, and tried not to look as relieved as he felt. “You’ll understand when you meet him, I swear.”
"One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away."
a prostitute advised him. He tucked Tony back into his pants, carefully, and zipped him up. “No one here wants to hurt you.”
Steve tried to focus on his workout, but his mind kept sliding sideways, toward the phone call with Fury.
“Don’t move, Mr. Stark,” a calm, quiet voice advised him from his right. He couldn’t turn away from the gun, but his eyes skipped that way.
The hummer stopped at a red light, idling quietly, and Tony let himself sink into the feeling of Indy’s warm, strong hand. It was good. It was simple. His eyes were closed, and his head was still pleasantly buzzed after hours of drinking a bit too much in public. Rhodey was home, if not technically in Tony’s
Two knocks heralded the arrival of The Dad. His real name, of course, was Captain Steve Rogers of the NYPD. Big name. The man behind the moniker did not disappoint.
The edges of Rogers’s face softened. “I really appreciate your interest in Peter, Mr. Stark. He loves your class.”
“Rhodey, Honeybear, Pudding Pop, you know you’re my one-and-only. The McCoy to my Kirk! The unfortunately platonic love of my life. Jealousy does not become you.”
The police would find Indy soon enough. He’d be America’s Most Wanted, and that made Tony close his eyes in cautious relief.
Steve leaned over the counter, and caught the eye of the golden retriever lying patiently at her owner’s feet. Goldie the Fifth wagged her tail, and looked toward Phillips. “Go on then,” he grunted, so she jumped up and strolled around the counter. Goldie suck a cold nose in Steve’s palm.
“Yeah, yeah,” Peter said, backing away toward the kitchen (and likely his backyard retreat). “Sorry. I’ll just…” He pointed a thumb over his shoulder, and was gone before Steve could salvage the situation.
Bucky was good with his hands, back when he had a matched set. He didn’t always want to play unpaid assistant to Mr. Barnes, but he was good at it. He liked being good at it. The service took Buck’s left arm, but also those skills and the drive to use them. There was so much he could still do, if he only took time to relearn how. Steve swallowed back his own frustration as he listened to the
He was staring down the barrel of a semi-automatic weapon. His hands went up. His penis went abruptly limp as the all the blood in his body rushed right into his chest. Tony’s heart was pounding hard to enough to hurt. “What the fuck?” he repeated, frozen in his seat.
There were two more gunmen in the alleyway—an alley, a fucking alley, there were cars passing by 20 feet away—and they were all aiming their weapons steadily at Tony’s chest. He couldn’t run. He wanted to scream, but that couldn’t possibly end well for him. A navy-blue van idled nearby, side door slid open. Inside the open door of the van, another man waited with hands clasped. He was tan, dark-haired, short and sleek. Expensive tuxedo. Goatee. Tinted glasses. Red and gold cufflinks,
So, they were not only thrown back to a room, but a prison, and now the witch assured them that the cell was shielded from magic attempts at escape as well.
The Winter Soldier was supposed to be a soulless killer who was conditioned to obey the commands of Hydra. Yet, he not only didn't kill Steve, at one point he even fished him out of the river, saving his life.
The next time he woke, he was petted by Hulk who bought him another bowl - which Thor devoured this time without a complaint.
And it wasn't like Tony was about to do anything with it. He gave up on ever meeting his destined then long ago, just as he realized he might need friends, but that meant little and close to nothing if those friends don't like you/want to see you.
"... then you should get her out of here, and let me deal with the rest," Loki finished, and that cooled Strange's temper down as well.
"I do, actually. Takes one to know one," Rocket just told him, kissing him before Quill could register what he had said.
of work, and I have a very intricate design in mind for the paint that also needs fixing. Maybe you could introduce me to someone who could both help me with that and wouldn't mind if I also took him out on some dates?"
“As shocking as that would be, it’s not what I want. Especially with the pups on the way. But there’s something I’ve managed to salvage from the data.”
"I also got treatment, although it took ages for Bruce to get it right. Now I eat human food, or whatever is close to consume, and the nanobots synthesize them into something close to blood, so I can sustain myself," Bucky told him. "Sometimes the bots need to be checked out, and normally it's a health risk to have them constantly in my body, but..."
touch anything," Tony told him, making the screen disappear before Steve could take a closer look. "I was talking about a magical cure for insomnia. Evidently, I don't have any."
"Well, not anymore," Rocket just shook his head. "And just FYI, I'm dating Groot, and I don't appreciate any jokes about it."
"So, I always went to school with older kids who basically didn't pay attention to me, right? But one year when I got to go to summer camp, Mom convincing my father I should spend some time with people of my age, rather than interning for Stark Industries as the year before and before and the year
Of course, there's his part as the editor of the school's online newspaper, which is significant, because technically anything factual comes from him. Peter takes the pictures and does some old movie reviews, Loki has a reoccurring bit on Viking fantasy games as well as a comic strip, Tony is giving tips on music while always putting together a crossword puzzle, and Pepper is all about how anyone could go green and recycle (and why everyone should), not to mention, the most meticulous proofreader Phil had ever seen.
, I literally just checked and told you a minute ago," Tony fumed, before letting out a loud sigh, admitting. "That said, I might have given her too much autonomy over her routines, which turned out to be a mistake."
"Not to mention, I enjoy the process. When you leech on me while you're under me," Tony was now smugly grinning. "No offense to Wanda, but not in a hundred lifetimes could I enjoy her
And Steve was unexpectedly having fun at his own expanse, even when they jumped to 1970. But then, they were almost arrested on sight, and they were stuck.
"But I do!" Bruce told him with some force. "I don't want to lose another teammate now, but especially not after Nat..."
Also, the Captain started showing him off. He only took Loki to the kitchen after Loki was mostly healed, and to show him what other options Loki had besides the usual milk to eat, but when the one called Natasha seemed to be charmed by Loki, Steve would often take Loki to Team meetings and events like the Avengers all watching ridiculous moving pictures together.
"For making you uncomfortable. I've noticed how you try to avoid me, and now I'm asking for a favor..."
"You're taking this way too lightly," he told Tony. "Trying to prove something to me or yourself, or maybe even Strange, I don't know. But if you pretend to be fine with it, and bury it, it'll only resurface later more viciously and you'll hate me..."
"The people I've been training with are gone. Except for Nat, but she doesn't need anyone telling her what to do.”
"Just as mine or I wouldn't allow it," Fure nods. "And while on the field, most of my players will look okay, some are shit when photographed directly. So maybe you should help them, just to make sure if we're doing this, the result is somewhat decent..."
"I'll take a shower first, while you eat, then you should too, and then we're doing it. We're going back right away, even if I have to teargas the whole base to get in."
"Is that what he'd told you?" Groot asked Quill. "And you believed him? I thought you were supposed to be a kid of a con-man."
That was when Rhodey showed up with the CIA and Happy and Pepper using Tony's tech, and saved Tony just in time, taking him home. So Tony went through the whole ordeal seemingly unscathed, but his resolve had changed.
His foot got stuck under some debris of concrete, which he couldn't repulse nor simply target without blowing his leg up as well. While he was still taking heavy fire and was desperately trying to command Friday to let him switch back to fully manual combat mode.
“Aaand, now you’re only saying that because you know I can’t complain if you say something like that,” Tony told him, but then he also kissed Steve on the cheek.
And it worked. Which meant he could get the Stone and collect Thor from his mom - as it turned out, which was good news, except how it only sent Thor spiraling further down.
If you lost control of it even for just one second, it could kill you or worse. Destroy everything and everyone around you. And sometimes, when the pain was too much even for a seasoned mage, they'd lose control on purpose. Cautionary tales were full of them.
"You look worse than yesterday," Steve got up later, showing great concern, hovering way too close. "Maybe I should have called you a doctor. You have a fever..."
At first, Tony wouldn't believe it, but when he looked into his medical files as well as Rhodey's, they both were scanned by several different medical devices multiple times that could detect the real mark, and the results were the same for them both, for years now, consequently.
"They'd considered pulling me out of school," Rocket told them when he was back. "But this is one of the best schools in the state, and it would be very inconvenient to move now, when I'd been already accepted to a college that's far away from all of you, so. I can't go to prom, though."
"Try to stop me," Loki said, ready to use magic, except... his own reserves were depleted as well. Damn magical offspring in a minute's notice, it must have leeched on Loki to grow so quickly.
AU: Shuri had more time to separate Vision's neural network and the Mind Stone, so he lived while Wanda has been snapped away the same.
Except, when he woke, he was shaken awake by a very angry Hulk, and they were both naked in the same bed, and Thor wasn't just a treasured pet anymore, but himself.
Steve was relying on his missions and friends rather than to face that, but Sam and Bucky were both gone, and his superhero life as well. What was there left to save, when they were needed and had failed?
The more time they had to spend together, the more Strange was conscious of how similar they were, seeing himself in Stark, and not just because Tony now looked exactly like him.
"I chose one on the other side of the country to get away from my parents," Rocket just gave him a sad smile.
"I'm... already... weird. I can't... be gay as well. Or bi, but that's not what people would say, even dragging Peggy's name through the mud..."
This was why Loki never held her or tried to visit, even if he could sneak into the Sanctum probably(?) unseen. He knew it was for the best if she never knew about him, but he'd be too sentimental to abandon her then, and just hearing this, he was tempted to tell her everything was going to be okay.
"For the record, a lot of us only lost because we thought it would happen sooner," Bruce told him with a smile, and Steve was glad.
But if it was that or staying in a prison cell for the rest of their lives, may it be short or long, while they were supposed to serve as entertainment to the Grandmaster, it was a no-brainer.
Then, when a threat surfaced and Loki was on the field, Tony would open a channel between them, and let Loki take all the magic he'd need for the next fight.
Only, it was fun! Being constricted into such a miniature of a form, Thor didn't get a chance to exercise, and this was a good enough excuse to do just that, while also appreciating his new body's unexpected agility and speed when it came to this kind of game.
“Without treatment?” Steve looked at him, but when Tony tried to stand on his own and collapsed, he jumped to help him up and then carried him out of the hospital. Only to ask Tony in the car. “What did she say?”
"Of course you didn't," Rocket told him. "But I'm telling you right now. If you want to survive this semester, you better keep out of Ronan's way and just pray he'll forget you even existed. And I'm telling you this as a friend, not a threat."
He did though. He had to. Three hours later he was almost delirious with the pain and realized he knew absolutely nothing of childbirth other than its magical potency.
"What the hell, Tony, seriously?!" Steve went up to them, expecting Bucky to be as shocked as he was, or get a little bit upset, something. Instead, he wasn't.
Also, he implemented a new phone that was capable to connect to the internet, hoping Omegas could remain anonymous with Tony’s tech easily in the future with it maybe, and form a community like they weren’t allowed to have in real life.
"Sure, until you just might," Loki agreed. "Even if you can go a decade without blood, how do you know the same can be said of two decades? A dozen? It's only a matter of time, so-"
"I'm... sorry. I get it if you... want me to leave," Loki told him, even though, he had a feeling he was only alive because Tony was close to him now. Close enough for Loki's magic to take some dark energy from him, even when Loki was unconscious.
"I'm not that kind of a monster. Even when I used the Chitauri spell, I never let it roam free because... I know what it's like to be hurt, and I can't inflict that on anybody else."
When Vision regained consciousness and saw Rocket first, he was afraid his plan didn't work, but when he also saw Wanda and the little Nebula by his bedside, he felt like weights were lifted off his cognitive pathways.
And Strange wasn't obtuse to notice what Stark must have meant when he was giving him a suggestive look.
"Where did you get that cat?" Loki only asked narrowing his eyes on Thor, as if he planned any of this.
"And we still will," Quill said. "All we have to do is make sure that Rocket's parents don't know about it, 's all."
"Then I'm willing to do the right thing and walk away," Steve said, only earning a soft snort from Tony.
," Strange was quick enough at least to get what Loki was trying to do, even if Loki could have hit him for that nickname alone. "Forever is such a long time. I wish at some point you could just be done with all the fighting, and come back to us-me. Come back to me. I missed you."
"Oh crap, Cap, it has completely skipped my mind! Silly me, why let an AI learn anything new at all when I could be slaving my whole life away programming everything I need manually by myself, lagging behind the newest technology always by a decade or two, inviting a higher chance of errors than an occasional inconvenience like this, might I add, when-"
It was the first time that he was about to have sex with someone who knew him so well - even better than Pep - and normally he would have been terrified by that thought, but with Rhodey everything was different, and not just because of their marks.
"But we won't," Jade was living up to her name now because, for one, she was glowing green. And second, she was levitating, and third, when she spoke, it was as if her voice was coming from everywhere. "See it for yourself."
Nobody touched Tony without malicious intent, and… what? There was something about this Steve that was so unusual.
It was different when he did, Thor showing him around first, then Bruce helping the villagers out instead of him, then somehow ending up staying for months, and only later noting.
Just as Peggy was. The first Alpha woman Steve ever knew, and immediately not just liked, but thought of as a role model.
Also, waking up to someone petting him felt so good that Thor tried to get closer to Hulk's hands, asking for more, making the green giant laugh.
"Friday locked us all in for a reason, right? Not just Bucky and you, or you and me, but all of us."
"It's not possible, I'm sorry. But we can still be friends," Thor offered, feeling like they already were. And, once he checked, and thanks to Loki's magic, the disk from his neck also disappeared, he only needed to put up some clothing and was ready to go. "Come with me."
"How could I forget? I look great. Maybe we should take it, and you should use this at work, just so everyone knows who I am."
But Rogers has a patience of a saint when it came to online trolls, and Coulson expects he'll navigate this challenge just fine, incapable of being a real asshole anyway.
"If you were aiming for scary, you shouldn't have said anything," Hawkeye suggested. "In your place, I would have just stood there, and laugh like a maniac."
He had hacked into the Pentagon a long time ago, and now had a backdoor to a database with all the registered soul-marks, and on very random occasions, he had searched for his match, but found none.
"You know, I find mortals extremely vulnerable and their life too short," Loki started, and when Strange gave him an annoyed look, he self-corrected. "What I mean to say is, I left not just because it was the right thing to do, and because not in a thousand years did I feel so embarrassed, but because if I stayed and actually turned out that I liked you as I imagined I could, you'd be gone way too soon, and I'd only end up worse than before, probably, and I don't need that, frankly."
by a European aristocrat/crime lord who seemed to have the real "iron" and "man" mark, and wouldn't listen when Tony tried to convince him his mark wasn't real.
"Kid, shut it, the adults are talking," Stark said, then turned to Loki. "And true, I might be here because Thanos can't be allowed to get that Stone, but I can still kick your ass first, and get on my mission next. You almost leveled a city and destroyed my planet-"
"It's because you're straight, and I care for you too much, don't you understand?!" Bucky didn't mean to yell this as he did, but it was too much.
despite how he never expressed any interest in any sort of movie night, even commenting on some of the film, Steve knew he had to tread very carefully. But for the sake of his best friend and his own sanity, he had to do something.
"Come on, it's nothing, we both know how little a kiss means to Tony of all people. Before you, he used to have a different woman joining him every night."
And the person sitting next to him might have been a super-soldier, a tactical advisor, a mentor to the kids, but at that moment, he was also just Steve, as he was when he was just a teenager and his mom died, and Bucky would have done everything to cheer him up.
"Damnit, Gamora, I've already said that he's mine," Quill joked. "I'm taking him. But you can pay for the limo for everyone if you have cash."
He was in the middle of nowhere as far as he knew, and hungry and sleepy, and with no power left in his limbs. So he only meant to close his eyes for a bit, but when he opened it up again, somebody's boots were just right in front of him.
"Who's there?" Rocket knew this type of joke since he'd spent so much time with the kid Nebula, who learned it from the Terrans.
Steve took them back to the safehouse, leaving again only to pick up the strongest pain meds he could get. He tried to give it to Tony with food, but Tony could barely manage to drink a little bit of water.
He didn't count on Hulk stripping naked for the night, but also taking Thor with him to his bed instead of leaving him on the blankets like the last time.
Steve liked the older Stark originally, working with him, but he also knew the scientist started drinking more and more as he aged, and after the story, he was almost glad Howard was gone.
“You said your walkman was done. Just don’t tell anyone I gave it to you,” and Rocket left, while Groot followed.
While Tony was still trying to better the world: at least the very tiny piece of it that he could influence. His inventions often were meant to help Omegas.
"So, can't you restore Friday? Maybe you should strip the talk show host persona off of her, but she didn't do any irreversible damage, did she?" And that made Tony shut up so abruptly Steve started to worry.
Thor even let Hulk pat him after, and decided that if it was up to him to adopt an Avenger in a non-human form, he'd take the Hulk any day first.
"What is that supposed to mean?" Steve paled, and Tony never would have thought, but now wanted to help them out by asking Friday.
Steve was sure Tony was teasing him with his middle name now, but he couldn't help but imagine their pups with any of these names and was already beaming, and way too over the moon to concentrate on the files he was supposed to be reading.
"So, to sum up," Tony stood, walking over to the other two. "Your first instinct is to hide your relationship."
"Call me Steve. And... could you maybe advise me about that? I know you're busy, but if I wrote a post I wasn't sure about..."
By the time Bucky was done, Tony wanted to get back to the repairs of his suit, but Barnes didn't just leave.
And it was kinda difficult to stop once it already happened twice as if the count of the occurrences mattered? But they did, and Strange finally managed to break it off after a while with an excuse.
was easier compared to building that suit again, considering it was one of his most complex models and he had to rebuild it keeping simplicity in mind.
Then a burly version of the Captain appeared in place of the Colonel, one with a pentagram on his chest, large elongated canines. “Cancerverse? The name alone doesn’t make me like you. Come on, I want someone in between, I want him
Steve tapped the tip of Tony’s nose and smiled. “The king inside the castle is the thing I like the most.”
He was sent flying, being tackled and yanked downward as he watched the door he was trying so hard to reach slip away further and further. His eyes widened sharply as he squirmed and tried to fight, but the grip around him was just getting tighter and tighter. With a mighty kick he managed to push his way out of the vice grip, flying back and praying that the jets on his back were enough to keep him upright, knowing that his boots were faulty.
“Before you snap at us, all we’ve said is that Cap is ill and needs to be taken care of, it’s a virus and we’re looking into it and until then Janet is in charge and is running things extremely smoothly.”
He wriggled a bit while Steve decided to hook his arms under both of Tony’s legs after he was done kissing him. “I know… But it’s more coming from you. So much more, Winghead.”
Tony stopped, his hand placed over his chest for a while whilst JARVIS ran up to him and brushes its face against Tony in an attempt to lift his spirts enough to continue. Even Steve leaned over to comfort him, it seemed that even the memory of it was taking its toll on Tony.
She let out a muttered roar, similar to the type the berserkers earlier were letting out, but her sheer pitch made him shudder with fear. It was intense, powerful but most of all—deadly.
Steve tugged and tugged at the restraints trying to at least bend them, but they weren’t bending, they weren’t even cracking. After years of attempting to capture Steve the evil genius clearly knew how exactly to contain him.
One night he walked down the hallways of the Avengers mansion, which he had grown so accustomed to over the years that he had spent there, working alongside his team and building great working relationships. Of course he spent a long time mourning the loss of his loves, particularly Peggy, how could he forget her? But he was being told to move on, for his own health and to heal his heart but nothing; nobody could replace the hole that Peggy had made. His love would go on forever, but there was no one who interested him in the slightest, all but one. There was one person who had held him in such high regard, someone who had looked after him, cared for him, hell, even fought with him ever since he had awoken. Throughout everything though, Steve couldn’t help but fall for this man as wrong as it was to even crush on another man. But the thing was, Steve had such immense respect for him, adoration beyond words or actions. But there was no way in the world his feelings would be returned. The man was a playboy, a rich guy who could have any woman with a simple click of his fingers. Besides, Steve’s pride would never let him confess he actually held a torch for this guy, not when he was so content with having him there at his side as his friend.
Tony staggered out, practically falling on the window. His heart was beginning to hurt; a familiar constriction that made him lightheaded from overexertion as it beat rapidly in his chest. A shaky hand rose to pinch the bridge of his nose, Tony sighed and tried to rid himself of the fit of fear that had been building in him only moments before but only managed to exhale shaky breaths. His fingers slid down the screen in front of him before he jumped back at the sudden thud Steve had made with his scratches. He trembled with fear, attempting to try and slow his breathing down for that moment, arms wrapping around himself in dire need of some comfort. It had all happened so quickly, so much so that Tony still had to process what had just happened.
When he arrived at the tower he ran in, going the exact same way that Tony had shown him just hours ago. Without even thinking, the moment that the elevator doors open he rushed toward Tony and wrapped his arms protectively around him. Tony was taken aback by the huge gesture, staring up at Steve like a deer caught in the headlights. Steve kept his arms curled around him, not willing to let him go until he felt the shaking stop, but it was only then that he realized what exactly he was doing. Slowly he pulled himself back, but kept Tony’s shoulders in each hand, staring at him up and down to make sure that he wasn’t hurt.
There it was again, that nervous bite back on his teeth that would make his jaw clench and cheek bones rise. That was Steve’s nervous tick and Tony could spot it every time.
“No!” Tony screamed in disbelief, the blood spilling from the corner of his lip even behind the mask. “I saved you! Steve, you’re not his technology. You’re Steven Grant Rogers, you’re Captain America, you’re the hero of America! Snap the hell out of this!” Tony pleaded with pure desperation, tired and sore. “Please Steve!”
“Lucky,” he repeated with scepticism. He slipped his mask on again, making sure it clicked firmly in place, looking from side to side, taking in a deep breath then coughing again, forgetting the air was dust infested. He looked at his hand, turning it back and forth, gazing at it from fingertip to elbow.
Carol frowned at the two, though she was surprised that Steve was giving him such praise. It seemed like a foreign concept, for Tony Stark of all people, the clumsy genius detective that always managed to get things caught on fire, getting praised for his teamwork and actually managing to apprehend a bad guy – that wasn’t charred up and likely to press charges, even. Her hands rested on her hips and reluctantly she spoke, “You get everything fixed up and I’ll put in a good word for you with the Chief.”
“You’re a doctor, and she’s extremely smart! I’m sure you don’t need a doctor to tell you if your child is sick.”
“This is your place. I’ll make sure it’s furnished soon… If you want anything I’ll be in my room next door or in my lab downstairs. Most likely in my lab, I have some repairs and work to do and I’ll probably report back to SHIELD about all of this, make sure that they haven’t hidden anything else.” He mumbled that last part, leaving his tablet on the small wooden desk for Steve. “You can use that too, if you’re bored. I know there’s not much to do but I can at least give you that until we get something you like.”
Steve with a begrudging movement offered his arm to Tony who carefully pierced his skin with the injection and began administering the transfusion, a longer chord attaching from his suit to the syringe that had much more blood, but to his surprise Steve’s body seemed to soak up the blood rather quickly. It was as if he was giving water to someone who had been dehydrated; it was a matter of moments before the entire pouch of blood had been drained and Steve had regained a little more colour to his skin, even his hair was once more accumulating that golden shimmer.
When the medical scanner’s doors opened, T’challa and Tony were there to assist Steve, taking both of his arms as they both exchanged a glance to one another that sent an immediate chill down Steve’s spine, caught in the crossfire of it.
Steve rolled his eyes and grabbed Tony by the arm, walking into the elevator and looking from side to side. “How about we fly up?”
Carol stepped out of her car, striding up to Steve and taking Batroc from him. “You two are in big trouble, you know this wasn’t your call.”
“I need to get her back to the Quinjet, that shot of electricity would be equivalent to someone getting struck by lightning.”
“Got it. I’m recharged anyway, have faith in me boys, I’ve managed to handle Whirlwind on my own.” She flicked the top of Tony’s head and pat Steve’s arm before heading off, shrinking her size again and buzzing into the distance. Tony and Steve were both worried for her. It wasn’t as if they’d spent a long time outdoors resting to regain their energy, but it put Steve at slight ease when Tony had fixed some sort of distress system, meaning hopefully they wouldn’t be separated for long. There was strength in numbers, and Steve needed to make sure that there were no extreme casualties like Hank – who was clearly unable to join them in the fight against Hammer until he recovered.
There was one other person here who could make Tony silence himself mid-sentence. He pivoted on the heel of his foot to see Steve with his hands still pressed against the wall. His eyes looked tamer, they looked still, for a moment he looked like who he used to be.
Tony growled under his breath at the shoddy explanation which still revealed little to nothing. “What chemicals did you use?”
“You okay there?” she asked, her blond hair tucked under her cap with peeks of golden curls managing to escape how neatly tied up the rest of her hair was.
A huge cyan beam of light shot out of Tony’s chest, blasting toward Doom and sending him far back into the wall with such a force that the impact alone rendered him unconscious, his precious silver armour accumulating dark deep cracks and crumbling in some parts with the sheer power.
Steve brushed the blood away from the cherry red lips that had lost their colour, swallowing thickly.
He didn’t even need to finish his sentence. That’s how close they were. That’s how close they always were.
There he stood in front of him, armoured legs that looked all too familiar. They were his design after all. He remembered working on them, spending hours trying to get them correct, making them lightweight and agile with powerful propulsion systems. His eyes moved upward to the hips that were the same set of pieces, then the abdomen which had each plate to form a defined sculpt with each crease having a natural curve. That was where the armour ended to reveal his star covered chest – rather than being robotic armour, that was a skin tight Kevlar with scales, one that he had also been developing specially for one person.
He waited until Steve was close, cries and moans falling from his swollen lips with abandon. Leaned in to whisper against his ear. “No. Not until I say, Steve.” He wailed helplessly as Tony continued to pound into him, the pleasure building to unbearable levels. Every time Tony was close to coming, he slowed down, savored the feeling of sliding into Steve’s tight wet heat. The way he whimpered when Tony bottomed out or moved at the right angle. He kept Steve on the edge, guiding him higher and higher, memorizing every quiver and pleading whine.
Stark rubbed gently over his back, holding him, the way he’d seen him hold Stevie so many times. Stark didn’t speak. Didn’t impatiently demand to know what was wrong, or scold him for interrupting them. He simply supported Bucky until the tears had dried and he could breathe again. Bucky was the one who pulled away first, ducking his head in shame, mumbling an apology.
Tony kept his touch soft and careful, building Steve slowly to his first release. He waited until the soft cries had gained in volume, the body beneath his hands and mouth trembling. Steve wasn’t very good at hiding his reactions, a fact Tony took advantage of regularly. He waited for the slight hitch in Steve’s breathing signaling that he’d reached his peak. As soon as he heard it, Tony let go and leaned back, watching come dribble from Steve’s small, soft cock onto the floor.
“That’s right. You just lie there and feel it. Maybe when I’m done, I’ll even let you come. What do you think about that?”
"I know, baby. But I told you, you get to come as many times as you like today. You just assumed that was a good thing."
Tony hid his smile. This was going to be fun. Omegas were such emotional little things. They really didn’t deal with denial well. “You’re what? You didn’t think I was going to let you come, did you? Not when you’re being such a naughty boy this morning.”
“That’s my good boy. Do you know what I want right now?” His hand dropped to the front of his pants, unfastening them and allowing his cock to spring free. “I bet you can guess, sweetheart.”
“Well, I spent about two months tryin’ to figure out how to get out. O’course they took me off the suppressants, and I was there long enough that I went into heat. It was hell. Felt like I was gonna burn to death. They offered me some toys to help get me through it, but I was stubborn. Kept rememberin’ all the things your Ma and my Da said, ‘bout not givin’ in to our natures an’ bein’ better than our biology. All that rot. By the time it was over, I never wanted to go through that again. Got down on my hands and knees and begged ‘em to give me the suppressants again.”
Gentle hands gripped his bicep, urging him to his feet. “C’mon Buck. It’ll be alright. I’ve got you.” He allowed Steve to lead him down the hall and into a bedroom. He stood there, passive and shivering as Steve stripped him of his uniform. Dressed him in thin sleep pants and an oversized sweatshirt. Both items so soft to the touch that he could barely believe they were real. Steve guided him towards the bed, piled high with blankets and pillows. Various textures, but all soft and inviting. He climbed into the center of the bed, surrounded on all sides by a wall of pillows. Steve followed, curling around his back, holding him close and tucking his nose against the back of Bucky’s neck.
Steve whined, pressing back when Tony’s fingers reached his hole. It was slick and swollen beneath his touch, making Tony moan. “Fuck, Steve… Look at you. You’re gushing for me, baby, aren’t you?”
Steve was still a little unsteady on his feet as he was led to the shower, content to stand there and let Tony do all the work of cleaning and drying them both. Wrapped in a plush robe and settled onto the couch to await breakfast, his head finally started to clear.
“Oh sweetheart… You haven’t ruined anything. And if you want to stay with me, then I’d be a fool to tell you no. Come here.” Tony gathered him closer, bending down to press their lips together in a soft kiss. Steve trembled in his arms, melting into the embrace. Nothing had ever felt better than the gentle movements of Tony’s lips against his own. When they finally parted, Steve offered him a shy smile.
He could feel the blush rising on his cheeks. "Umm... Bedroom. He's... He can be demanding, and the things he likes... Well, two fellas together were something you didn't really talk about back in the day, and I never heard of anything like what he likes."
Hard shudders began to run through his body, mini contractions that forced more come from him until his balls were empty and hollow feeling, and it still didn’t stop. Tension was coiling tighter, somewhere inside of him that he wasn’t used to. It was frightening in its intensity, causing him to whimper and pull on the restraints. Tony’s hand stroked his stomach, trying to soothe, but Steve fought against the touch.
Steve wasn't sure how such a simple touch could be undoing him so thoroughly. Maybe it was because he hadn't been touched in so long. Or maybe it was the confidence in every move Tony made. He was playing with Steve, alright, but the rules of the game were beyond his reach.
“That doesn’t sound sustainable.” Dark eyes bored into Bucky’s, peering into the darkest corners of his soul.
“I told you I didn’t have to hurt you to punish you. Now you sit tight. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
“Such a good boy for me.” Tony’s mouth sealed around one nipple, sucking demandingly, his fingers pinching and pulling at the other, working Steve relentlessly until he released with a cry, the pleasure taking him by surprise. It felt good, but after the pain and helplessness of the day before, it was especially welcome. He leaned into every touch as Tony played with his body.
“That’s the one. Only the best for you, honey. Everything you’re wearing was built for you with my own two hands.”
When they stopped, Tony started the vibrations again. Steve groaned miserably as the cycle was repeated. All that existed were the maddening vibrations in his ass, the harsh slaps against his skin, the pain in his nipples. He felt his chin jerked up. Tony was standing in front of him again. "We're almost done, baby. You've been so good for me. Taken your punishment so well. There's just a little bit left, and then you'll be my good boy again. You want that, don't you?"
Tony had taken training his omega very seriously. After Steve had finally given in and adapted to the cage as well as regular tightening, Tony had made it his mission to ensure every gland was worked thoroughly several times a day. He wanted Steve to be in the best health, but also to release from the barest pressure. And it worked.
“Go on, sweetheart. Tell me what you think. If you don’t like it, if it doesn’t make you feel safe, I need you to tell me and I can find something else.”
That wicked grin returned. "I told you. You're mine. Your pleasure is mine. So, you don't touch yourself until I tell you to. Do you understand?"
"Oh, thank Tesla." Tony reached out, plucking the ring from the box and sliding it on Steve's finger. A perfect fit. Of course. He leaned forward, pressing his lips to Steve's knuckles. It was an oddly intimate gesture, especially considering everything they had already done together. But somehow perfect. "You make me so happy."
The man standing next to him was soft. Fragile. And well on the way to being completely broken. Something that always inclined Tony to be more sympathetic. And it wasn’t as if he didn’t know what it felt like to be cast out by the Avengers. To be unworthy and unwanted. He watched him from the corner of his eye, taking in the dark circles from lack of sleep. The way his arms stayed wrapped around himself with his shoulders hunched as though he were expecting the next blow to come at any time. It stirred something inside of him. The desire to care and protect.
Natasha limped back to the rest of the group as Tony landed the armor, uniform dripping ooze onto the ground. "Good call, Cap. Because if I don't get a shower right fucking now, I'm gonna kill someone."
So here Steve was, sitting at his desk trying to do reports for SHEILD, his ass clenching around a thick plug, cock struggling in vain against the cage around it, beyond distracted, and plotting ways to kill his boyfriend.
Something warm unfurled deep inside of him at the praise. Refusing to examine it too closely, Steve buried his face into Tony’s shirt instead. “Thank you.” He said quietly.
He was distracted from his thoughts by the press of Tony’s cock to his clenching entrance, body clenching, trying to suck the thick cock deep inside. Steve moaned as Tony sank deeper, stretching him wide. He took his time, pausing to rub the head of his cock back and forth over Steve’s glands, dragging another release from his overworked body, before finally burying himself to the hilt. The first bulge of Tony’s knot rubbing against his rim drove Steve into a frenzy. The material in his hands tore. As soon as they were free, Steve’s arms were wrapped around Tony’s neck, nails dragging down the length of his back.
Stark’s voice cracked through the air like a whip, and without thinking Steve dropped to his knees. The urge to curl up in a ball and hide, protect himself from the angry alpha, was too strong to resist. When he tried to speak, his voice came out thin and shaky. “I- I’m sorry. I… I don’t know. I don’t know, I’m so sorry!”
He nodded. Steve could feel a tightness in the pit of his stomach. He wasn't sure why he liked this so much, but he did.
“No problem. Tell him I’ll be right down.” Steve rolled off the couch and onto his feet, hurrying downstairs. He’d never admit it out loud, but he was excited at the thought of spending extra time with his alpha. He’d feel too guilty to ask for it, but Tony called for him, which made everything alright.
James shrugged, a wicked smile on his handsome face. “I figure Tony wouldn’t have set up somethin’ like this if it wasn’t the type of game he enjoyed. Which probably means we’ll do it again. And Stevie? If I have the choice of getting’ me off or lettin’ you get off? Nine times outta ten, I’m gonna pick me. ‘Sides, the Steve I grew up with was always sweeter when he was worked up and couldn’t do anythin’ about it. Like when he’d get sick and couldn’t get it up for a few weeks. I figure you’ll be the same. But I wanna find out all the same.”
Steve nodded, staring hard at his lap, afraid of the answer. Callused fingers slid beneath his chin, tilting his gaze up until their eyes could meet. “Growing up, I was never fond of Captain America. Everyone always had too much to say about him. Then I met you. And I can’t imagine a world where I wasn’t in love with Steve Rogers. I love you. Just you. Exactly as you are.”
“I promise. You want to keep your alpha’s come, don’t you?” Steve sniffled and nodded hesitantly. “Good boy.” Tony moved quickly, retrieving a mid sized plug and gently sliding it into Steve’s waiting body. Once it was settled, he lifted the omega into his arms. “See? All better. And breakfast is waiting for us. We can eat together. Won’t that be nice?”
“I guess so. But not everybody is submissive or dominant. It’s more separate. And definitely not mainstream. There isn’t a genetic component, it’s just based on desires. But yeah, it seems pretty close.”
His arm raised again, this time smacking Steve right across the jaw. It was within that moment that Steve could’ve sworn when he glanced up that he had managed to see the entirety of colour in Tony’s face suddenly drain.
Steve snarled and tugged at the chains until they made a loud rattle. He wasn’t strong enough to outright break the chains from the wall he was tethered to. Every ounce of strength was drained from him after the countless lumbar injections that were being stabbed into him from the wall that was just behind him. Given Zola, that wasn’t just a simple wall – it contained large amounts of sedatives that were being injected directly into his spinal cord…and thus rendering him largely incapable of fighting back.
“I haven’t been in his lab for a while…” He certainly wasn’t being distant with Steve, not after their first kiss and many others that followed, usually as an after-mission routine make-out session, both relieving their tensions and gratitude that they were both alive and kicking after some of the things they had done. But come to think of it, emotionally there had been a barrier, something that Tony clearly wasn’t telling anyone.
Again, they hugged, this time it was Tony who pressed himself forward and wrapped both arms around him tightly, though struggled to get his arms all the way around Steve’s much larger frame.
Luke did the same as before, but this time climbing up the robots dead leg to reach a higher up panel, exposing he raw already sizzling circuits. This time it was Danny’s turn; he drew back and gave the bot a solid punch to the chest, sending it crashing down to the ground on its back.
“That I do. And the secret to the serum is in your blood alone, and once you’re dead I’ll drain every single drop of blood from your body and inject it into your friends here – and then they’ll be the perfect soldiers.”
Steve’s expression lifted as Tony pulled him, glad that he could rely on the man that was now guiding the team. Natasha and Janet were just behind them shooting the bots that charged at them from behind. It wasn’t long until they reached the main hall where before they could even open the door, and a sea of drones swarmed out and crashed through the walls.
With a swift blow, he thrust his arm through Tony’s chest, hitting the centre of the reactor as it lit up as bright as it could. Tony’s mouth opened and he gasped.
Steve’s hand moved from his forehead to just over his mouth, attempting to stifle a laugh but doing an extremely poor job of it. “Yeah, clearly useful.”
“Confident, yes. I know what I’m capable of.” Steve replied smoothly, his pitch lowering an octave to a smooth level.
The blond raised his hand, pressing it to the side of Tony’s face, instantly spotting the way he eased into it, like a cat rubbing its cheek against an object with such delight upon his face. He smiled, hand lowering into a caress, gently skimming his thumb across Tony’s bottom lip. The other man didn’t flinch; instead he seemed mesmerised by such a gentle manner coming from a man that was famed for his punches and brutality. But no, Steve was a lover; he was a gentle soul at heart.
“It was my pleasure, and I’ll continue to keep the city safe from crime! Along with my partner, Steve Rogers.” Tony announced, enjoying the limelight and relishing in it ever so proudly with the man standing next to him.
“It’s got a huge lightning rod attached, must be new.” Carol gestured to the tall peak of the building.
“If you’re not careful, Tony Stark, then your skull will make a fitting mask for me,” yet another voice said from the same direction as Masters, stepped out the purple cladded villain, Baron Zemo with a sword clutched in his grip.
Tony’s eyes narrowed, using his zoom in vision to take in the sight much clearer; long armoured covered legs with such defined and intricately made sheets of metal, a long emerald green cape with a hood shadowing his eyes and of course… A mask, with hauntingly stern features that seemed so rigid and robotic it was clear its purpose wasn’t merely for display, it was to instil fear into those who dared to gaze upon it. It sent a shudder down Tony’s spine and he swallowed thickly, this wasn’t the Victor he was used to seeing; he remembered a man with brown hair, relatively handsome features, bright blue eyes that would pierce his soul and give him the creeps simultaneously.
“I wanna make a deal with you. No; you’re going to make a deal with me.” Crossbones said with confidence, smirking behind his mask, his finger by a holster on his hip.
Tony fell still. He stared, numb, into Steve’s sharp eyes that could so easily pierce through his soul. They didn’t seem angry, they seemed worried and pained. Steve had lost so much in his life, so much so that Tony could understand the rationale behind the soldier and his (over) protective nature. But this stare made his cheeks flush, which he found profoundly embarrassing to say the least.
“I’ll… I’ll get you a punching bag in there, and I’ll bring some paper, hey, maybe you can finish that drawing of me?” He tried to suggest, compelled to lift the mood of the soldier.
Tony’s teeth chattered with fear, mumbling over and over in an attempt to veil how frightened he was at the sight of the man clawing at the newly repaired glass. He was scratching with fingernails that had been grated down from constant friction to pulps, black ooze spilling down the screen to trail each scratch and pound against the wall of separation. He stood with his shoulders raised, arm again instinctively returning to hold his side. “Why’s he doing that? He know it’s us on the other side…”
Steve gestured by tipping his head, eyes on the back of the oddly painted foreign car. “That’s gotta be it!”
It pained him to do so, but again he knew that treading on anything that would get Steve agitated may get him to reveal more information, and at this point he was piecing together everything he could get.
Tony’s world stops. Did he just hear him right? The absolute devotion and conviction of Steve’s words were enough to drown out the sounds of Janet, Billy and Teddy and Sam (did he really hear that last person right?) gasping in the background and flailing amongst themselves as Hank and Reed were eagerly trying to shush them.
“Then what? What’ve you got for me?” he asked, waving his fingers with anticipation. The quake above them made the rusted pipes shudder and shake dust, even cracking with the impacts. It sounded as though he were in a bunker during the war, listening to bombs being fired above. For that second even as they both swung their heads toward the roof and kept their shoulders raised from the surprise.
Cap was busy trying to get the right wires in line when he spotted the same LED that Janet had. It’s flashing pace was gradually getting faster and faster. He tapped his communicator,
“That is actually disgusting,” Peter said, lifting his mask and giving the bundle a stare of revolt.
Steve could see the pain in the other man’s expression; the way his jaw clenched was a clear enough tell. He couldn’t do much to put him at ease, but he did trail his fingers down Tony’s neck toward the armour plate.
But instead of jets powering up, the rollerblades popped out and Tony’s eyes shot open, Steve gasping loudly as all three of them were dragged down for the bumpy ride, yelling loudly, pitch changing with each heavy step that they bumped down.
“Steve…” He mouthed, his right arm, his augmented hand being the only ligament strong enough to reach for him, touching the reactor but maintaining a very broken line of eye contact. “Don’t let the devil hold you…” The engineer mustered enough strength up to say.
It was extremely rarely that something was beyond Tony Stark’s comprehension, so it was a pleasure for Steve to explain, “From what I can remember, from my dreams, only fellow angels can see them. And according to my mother’s stories; the more faith you have, the more you can see them.”
“JARVIS, what did I say?” He groaned, following the footprints to where JARVIS was sitting. “Bingo! Move aside will you buddy, I think I’ve found a clue!”
Reed Richards had come down to work on a project alongside Tony in the medical wing of the mansion. He was already busy trying to fix a few bits and pieces, or rather, he needed Tony’s expertise on machinery. The new schematics he had in mind to help fortify the Earth’s security against impending invasions needed a sounding board, and there were few minds better than Tony Stark’s for such things. Reed needed to find ways to prevent events like the ones that had previously stricken the planet. Reed was mainly targeting Skrulls with this device, but had to keep in mind that some of their allies were also Skrulls. Well, that and he wanted to find an excuse to build something strong enough that could potentially keep Galactus away, though he knew that was a long shot.
Tony stared up at the azure eyes that met his own, seeing the crystal brimming by the tear ducts as a single tear managed to roll down his beautifully porcelain cheeks, cascading over his structured cheekbones and then fell onto his own destroyed armour, tears he was trying desperately to withhold. It was as though he were watching an angel cry which was possibly the most heart-breaking vision he’d ever witnessed.
The moment that Tony stepped away the warmth was lost in his arms, feeling the man skim against his wings as took his steps back and then eventually fell on the bed due to his injury. His wings slumped slightly, already missing him being so close.
His fingertips touched the wound, wondering that now he had finally remembered that he was an angel, whether or not he would gain special powers, angelic powers, like the ones his mother used to tell him about. She used to say that angels could heal anyone, anything, and for many years as he sat at his sickly mother’s bedside he used to pray for angels to come.
Tony shrugged at him. “Since I’ve woken up I haven’t been able to get in contact with JARVIS. So that’s completely down, my suit was half broken though. When I was working on you I tried yours too – down too. You know what I haven’t tried though…” He shifted a little, digging his hand into his pocket and pulling out his Stark-cell, which had a cracked screen. At the sight of it, he frowned, knowing for well it would be costly to replace a prototype cell-phone.
There was a moment of silence between them as an electrifying glare passed, with Steve stood up standing as close to the glass as he could too. He waited until he spotted the small falter, the flicker in Tony’s eye, the sideward dart of the pupil that showed his guilt begin to eat at him. Steve’s jaw clenched in turn, a pang of guilt ringing through his chest.
Carol’s heroic nature kicked in and she touched her toes to the ground, her heels following as she began to approach the man. “Sir!”
He had to scour each dune with exceptional detail in an attempt to find what he was looking for which after an hour of searching, he’d managed to find hidden as expected. Nothing was out of the ordinary unless they were dealing with Doom. Tony rolled his eyes; Doom chose to stamp his name on everything with his rather garish, yet medieval, choice of décor expressing itself in whatever structure he would build. That included his hideouts, which made them obvious to find. This, on the other hand, was like a searching for a needle in a haystack. All Tony knew was that it was Zola who had his hands on Steve after intercepting him on the soldier’s return back to base.
Cap did as he was told, still nothing. Janet was mid-wire cutting when the wire that she had just cut sent a surge through her body, making her yelp in pain.
Another look was exchanged between the trio, but the most reliving aspect of it all was that Peter had calmed down from the hysterical rage that he was in not too long ago.
The lively swirl of chatter had simmered down as the opening shindig had carried on through the night was now reaching its end, with people returning either to their own rooms or heading back to their own bases after touring the area.
“Whoa, someone’s hungry. An entire bucket all to yourself Cap? Where was my invite?” Tony was stunned at the amount. On the other hand, he should have learned by now not to doubt or question the appetite of a super soldier.
“But yes, that’s the basis of it. You rebel, you gather amongst your peers, you’ll be destroyed some way or another,” Zemo added.
Steve shot Tony a typical eye roll, expecting him to finally spill the truth. “Is that what you were hiding from us?”
Tony nodded and ran to the computers, eyes focused on the screen as his fingers ran along from key to key, pressing down with an amazing speed. He typed a couple of commands, lucky for him security systems hadn’t changed as much, and this one was easily accessible. Not to mention things were much easier with Extremis, and this was a computer that the technopathic virus could actually access, rather than the chip system which he had to manually override. “Okay to get the main cameras down and the locks in the building we’ll need to get to the control room which is in the top of this place. To get there we need to get to the 13
A beam shot out from the crystal in the center of his head, freezing Reed’s limbs until they were rock hard. Reed yelled with pain again, shaking his body but it was hard to move an inch. His teeth chattered.
He tugged down the report that had managed to get itself stuck on his face and instantly his eyes darted to the man that had
The ground began to rumble and Tony’s repulsors lit instinctively, watching as the once neat and calm grass subsided to reveal a gargantuan metal door which opened as though it were a fissure in the ground, opening to swallow him, but before he could fall he was caught by one of the rising platforms that formed into a downward set of steps. An inch to the left and he probably would’ve fallen down.  Tony could hear the buzz of bar-lights flickering on; the type that he would see in the interrogation rooms of SHIELD to create an eerie vibe that paralleled horror movies.
