The thunder rolls outside, the vibrations of the walls adding to the rhythmic movements of the mattress under him and the soft moans rumbling through Cas’ chest pressed against his.
A shaft of moonlight streaks through the windows overhead, illuminating them in a silver glow. Dean rolls to lie atop Castiel, elbows propped on either side of his shoulders. His green eyes sparked with silver luminescence, a soft smile curving his lips, and Castiel lifts a hand to the back of Dean’s neck to pull him down and taste that smile. Dean deepens the kiss with a soft sigh against Castiel’s, and he parts them to suck in Dean’s insistent tongue, feeling arousal building in him again; but then Dean pulls back, lips pursed in a playful pout.
Dean opens the door and shouts, “KEVIN!” down the hallway, in the direction of the library. He turns the opposite way, heading to Sam’s office.
idea of what “inconspicuously” means!” Castiel grins, but Dean also notices the lines of exhaustion creasing his face.
Dean shakes himself out of the reverie, blinking, and stands to gather the necessary items for the splint.
He hears shuffling and the sound of a chair pushing back as Sam rises, the clatter of something metallic - Sam’s laptop - and the chair scooting back in.
“That’s not what... I mean, yeah, of course I trust you…” Dean glances back over his shoulder at the wide-open clearing, and takes a deep breath.
Roman looks confused for a split second, studying Dean’s face. Dean schools his expression carefully, completely neutral.
Dean laughs outright but is stunned to silence when he sees the bright smile on Cas’ face, heart skipping a beat at the warmth and happiness filling his blue eyes.
His contrition doesn’t last long, Dean notices, as Sam’s lips twitch up into a smirk. “I could always get you a straw…”
“Ah, ah, sweet boy,” Castiel purrs darkly into his ear, his hand moving from the door to grasp the back of Dean’s neck, long fingers digging into the short hair there, “can’t have you dropping to your knees here, you’ll damage
Sam paused in the library long enough to shift the ingredients he was carrying to one arm and picking up the book with his free hand, then continued on to the kitchen, Castiel following. Setting the ingredients on the stainless steel island, he ambled over to the refrigerator, pulled out a package of mushrooms, and with a crooked smile, a small tray of fugu wrapped in cellophane.
The next morning, Dean had been awakened by Cas coming back in the room, two steaming cups of coffee and some danishes from the motel office in his hands — and positively vibrating with excitement.
Castiel leans into him, relishing the warmth of Dean’s body against his own, and lays his head on Dean’s shoulder.
“I know it’s farther inland, and that you wished to turn off onto Highway 1 in Leggett.” Cas knew Dean’s route better than Dean did at this point. “And I know you prefer beer to wine...”
Feathers seems to sense Dean’s sadness, moving closer and lowering his head to bump against his hand.
Sam sighed, took a sip of coffee, and moved to the bookshelves, scanning the titles on the spines and hoping for inspiration.
Still, Castiel is unable to remain annoyed at him, the slight flush on Dean’s cheeks from barely-contained laughter accentuating the freckles which Castiel finds unbearably endearing.
Cas, thankfully oblivious to the situation going on in his pocket, began to stand, and as vertigo overcame Dean, he squeezed his eyes shut until the movement stopped. Opening his eyes, he saw Sam had stood as well and was heading out of the infirmary, taking the stairs two at a time. Cas followed, slower in order to avoid jostling Dean too much. They followed Sam through the bunker and into the kitchen, Dean grasping onto the edge of the pocket and swaying back and forth a little as Cas walked, leaving Dean wondering if this is what it felt like to ride those elephants in Africa, like he’d seen in the movies.
Turning the corner from the hallway into the kitchen, he found Cas behind the stove just as he turned to add even more bacon to the already heaping pile layered on a plate on the kitchen island, his eyes flicking up to Dean’s as he entered.
“Awesome!” Dean says, excitement for the upcoming challenge bubbling through his system. “Looks like I have some studying to do. I’ll see if the Prophet can dig up some video on these other players.” He sobers for a minute, remembering Ellen is still on the phone. “Thanks, Ellen. I won’t let you down.”
The room is in utter disarray - the papers on Dean’s desk scattered about the floor, Dean’s guns which were so artfully mounted on the wall behind the bed knocked askew, the bedside lamp knocked to the floor.
She sighs. “Listen. I’m bleeding to death in there. I’m gonna be out soon. You’re a much better player than me.” She waits, then tilts her head, so reminiscent of Cas, and Dean feels that
He opens his eyes and stands up, then kneels in front of his duffle to pull out his toiletries, sweats, and a t-shirt.
Dean blinks as he gets his bearings, shaking his head to clear it. “Yeah, I suppose I did.” He meets the flight attendant’s eyes — yeah, definitely flirting with him. He briefly considers playing along, seeing where it might lead — but not today. He’s got work to do. Time enough for fun after Dick Roman is rotting in Hell.
Dean grins and snatches the remaining two sleeping bags. “That you zip yours up to mine and keep me warm, of course!”
Time to take stock. He raised his arms, wiggled fingers, all seemed normal. Rolling his shoulders, then rising to his knees and pausing a bit before pushing himself up to stand. All still normal, maybe a little stiff… what the hell had happened at that house?
When he does hear the rumble of the muscle car's engine, the ball of ice lodged in his gut plummeted several degrees. He forced himself to finish his current task (repacking his bag for the fourth time) rather than race to the window to see who, if anyone, was in the car with Dean - not only to prevent more teasing from Gabe, who was hovering nearby in anticipation of his reaction, but to also prolong the inevitable.
“Victory is mine,” he says as Dean turns the key in the lock and opens the door to their room, “and to the victor go the spoils.”  He enters after Dean, closing the door behind them, then grabs Dean’s arm, pulling him back around and pushing him against the door, pressing him against it with his body.
He pauses to catch his breath, the whining from the other nets reminding him that he has more work to do, along with restoring the missing dreamcatcher - but that can wait. He needs to get the bird inside, figure out how to splint the wing, or if it can even be done.
Sam watched him leave then turned back to Dean, who had found a seat on a book, back braced against another stacked on top of it. “So, what happened? That should have been an eight-hour trip, tops!”
Cas’ breathing grows more labored, and suddenly he snaps forward, eyes boring into Dean’s and arms crushing Dean to him. His wings snap to full extension with a crack like thunder, before wrapping around them, enclosing them in darkness, the only light coming from Cas’ glowing eyes. Cas thrusts into Dean’s hand, matching his pace, and Dean knows Cas is close. He feels the edge rushing up to him as well, the heat and pressure flowing down his spine into his abdomen.
“Holy shit,” Sam’s stunned reply is quickly followed by Eileen’s loud whoop as she interprets Sam’s response.
The crinkle of flipping pages followed by the sharp snap of the book being slammed closed accompanied by Sam’s heavy sigh. Dean pictures Sam in the Library, head bowed and fingers twisted in his hair in frustration, and feels a surge of warmth for his little brother - and a small twinge of regret.
Dean had gone to great measures to make this new human existence of his as pleasurable as possible — introducing him to new flavors in both food and drink, new activities... and many new and different carnal pleasures.
Sam laughed, releasing him and holding him by the shoulders at arm’s length, a smile as bright as the sun lighting his face. “So, did you want to go get Dean and bring him here?”
“Oh yeah, uh… lemme check…” The clatter of keys comes over the line and Dean realizes he probably should have done this himself last night while looking for signs of the witch (and ok, fine, porn).
light, and if it had been moved, there would be tire tracks from where it had been wheeled off — but there was no indication it had ever been there.
The food and the interruption calm him. He sets the plate down on the desk and pops a fry in his mouth, chewing and forcing himself to hear Ellen out.
Cas’ return startles him out of his reverie, a porter helping him with the two garment bags, one of which gets placed in Dean’s room and the other in Cas’. Cas tips the porter and closes the door after him, returning to take a seat next to Dean on the couch. Dean scoots over to make room for him.
“Yes, I know… it should be pie,” Castiel acknowledged. “But the spell called for cake, so we didn’t wish to risk it not working.” He brushed the hand containing the cupcake piece against Dean’s chest. “Please, Dean? For me?”
Cas isn't sure what expression his face made, but whatever it was triggered a reaction in Dean, because his face was abruptly in Dean's hands, Dean's lips crushed to his.
Cas steps behind his bench and crouches down next to the outer circle. A single stone had been removed causing a break in the ring, and as Cas sets the stone back in place, Dean feels a low hum tingle across his skin; the air fresh and clean like the smell before a thunderstorm.
play over the speakers, followed by the hum of the cassette auto-rewinding. He feels Dean’s hand rest on his shoulder and squeeze gently.
As they approach, the columns resolve into cars, half-buried in the dirt of the field and haphazardly painted in a variety of colors.
After far too short of a time for Dean, they break for air; and Dean realizes something. “Hey, I can’t hear you in my head anymore.” The realization makes him sad and a little empty, like a piece of him has been removed.
With a deep breath he turns to find Cas staring at him, a smirk on his lips and eyes crinkling in amusement. “Separation anxiety?”
Lost in this train of thought, he’s startled by Castiel suddenly being right in his space, hands on his bare hips and pushing him gently back towards the foot of the bed. His knees hit the edge and he loses his balance, sitting hard on the bed. Castiel places a warm hand flat on his chest and presses him down the rest of the way, his back on the bed, feet still on the floor.
pour another two fingers. Castiel gives him a wan grin, tilting the glass in a half-hearted toast, drawing a knowing look from - he squinted at the bartender’s name tag - “James”.
Cas rolls on top, and Dean gasps as Cas’ hard length rubs against his, through far too many layers of clothing. Dean opens his eyes to see the morning sun blotted out by the angel’s wings spread above him, feathers fluffed; the blue of his eyes lost to the dilation of his pupils.
“I found it in the truck after you… well, after you were gone. I cleared everything out of it on our way outta there and it ended up in here.” His expression turns sheepish. “Always meant to give it back to you, but I forgot it was even in there.”
Cas pushes back from the table, having devoured two entire crumpets, and Dean is internally patting himself on the back. “I need to drop by Brioni at the Wynn to pick up our suits for the game tonight,” he says casually, as if he’s ordering lunch from McDonald's rather than
“Oh yeah,” he shouts as he turns the truck over, “I left you a little somethin’” Waving, he rolls up the window and pulls away from the cabin.
“What?” Dean groused and pushed Sam’s finger away as he made to touch him again. Both hands barely covered his fingertip and it was eerie and annoying, and he did not like it one bit.
He checks the gas gauge. “Well, I’m gonna have to stop in Hays to gas up, so…” he trails off lamely. Cas shrugs. Dean sighs.
Then he hears Sam's happy greeting with Jo chiming in and he can resist no longer. Rising and making his way to the window, the pit in his stomach getting colder and colder, he peeks through the curtains. Dean is standing on the curb next to his big, beautiful Impala, just breaking off a hug with Jo and talking animatedly with Sam - but that’s it. He sees no one else with Dean, and his heart leaps - and then his breath catches with how absolutely stunning he is.
figures. NOW what?” he growled. “I can’t do SHIT like this!”, gesturing in annoyance at his very short stature.
“Dean… Dean, I… I almost l-lost…” His voice broke, and it took several more breaths before he could continue. “I almost lost you.” He grit his teeth and closed his eyes, biting back another sob.
Cas’ dark chuckle vibrates against his ear, and the next moment Castiel’s lips are on his again, tongue insistently pressing past them and Dean sucks it in eagerly. His hands twitch in the bonds above his head, the skin where Castiel’s body presses against his tingles and burns.
“Shuddup.” Dean takes a long pull from the bottle, wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, then clenches it into a fist against the slight tremor in his fingers. “We were attacked by a Leviathan last night. In our room.”
, slotting their mouths even tighter together, the other to grasp the back of his neck to pull him even impossibly closer, Dean’s tongue insistent against his lips, and Castiel opened for him, as if there were ever a question he wouldn’t.
… and saw the GIGANTIC forms of his brother and Cas standing at what seemed to be the far side of the infirmary.
Dean’s voice, soft and almost timid, is the thing that finally loosens his feet; slowly, hesitantly he turns, his eyes rising slowly to see Dean at the doorway.
Feather’s blue eyes are lost in the black of his pupils, pinning in excitement - or perhaps fear, and Dean can relate.
Murky sunlight streams in the bedroom window and Dean wakes up with a grunt, rolling away from the light and covering his eyes with his arm. Distantly, he can hear the dreamcatcher alarms jangling, and while grumbling, pulls the covers over his head.
. Dean’s back slams into the balcony railing, and sheer luck (oh, the irony) is the only thing that keeps him from flipping over the edge.
Which reminds him — “Just so you know, we’re going to stop for the night in Denver. I know it’s gonna be kinda early, but by the time we get there we’ll have been on the road for almost ten hours and I wanna be fresh when we go through the mountains.”
He squints in the bright sunlight, his eyes glancing around before falling on the visitor — Mr. Whitshaw, from JP Morgan Chase. He stands at the beachfront, the large case from the poker game in Vegas in his hand. Behind him, the combo hospital/resort where Cas flew them —
“Is that… Tracy Bell?” Sam looked over Cas’ shoulder at the figurine resting in his hands. Her face was frozen in the same fierce look he remembered from the last time he saw her in Oregon after the fight with Abbadon.
The big breakfast, the purr of Baby’s engine, the hum of the wheels on pavement, all conspire to make Dean sleepy. Leaning against the passenger door, he soon finds himself drifting off.
They gather their food order and head back to the group to say their goodbyes, but the group appears to be packing up anyway — trunks being closed and coolers returned to their back seats.
As Dean drove up the street and pulled up to his house, he couldn't stop himself from glancing over to Cas and Gabe's house as he passed, and had to shove down the anxiety crawling up his throat.
A snort from the other side of the table has Castiel glancing up from his hands to see a smirk on Sam’s face. “Believe me, Cas — those feelings are
He reaches up, weak, finds Cas’ cheek, feels the dampness there. “Cas… it… it’s o.. okay.” Dean’s voice is barely above a whisper, but as long as Cas hears him, that’s enough; his hand falls limply, slapping against the leather of the bench seat.
Dean’s eyebrows knit — while the Bunker is never really empty, it certainly isn’t usually the buzzing hive of activity it is right now.
The bee floats on the air and lights upon another Black-Eyed Susan on one of the bushes near the Roadhouse’s foundation. Cas stops but does not kneel, for suddenly he is surrounded by bees.
They didn't have long to wait, but Dean enjoyed every minute, his arm curled around Cas, his hand in Cas’ hair, Cas’ head resting on his shoulder. When it was time to take the turnoff from the I-40 to drive through the Route 66 District, Dean reluctantly let Cas go so he could take in the sights.
Cas then turns to pick up the crown next to Sam and places it in Jack’s hands. At Cas’ nod, Jack turns to Sam and lifts the crown to Sam’s head. Sam chokes down a sob as he leans over for Jack to place the crown on his head, and then it’s Jack’s turn to be crushed by the moose.
“I was going to try my hand at making sushi, and have always wanted to see what the big deal with fugu was,” Sam grinned. “It’s like... kismet!”
With a sigh, he settles down on the bed, finds the remote for the TV, and puts on something mindless while he waits for the pizza.
Instead, he was shocked when Dean reached over to take his hand, green eyes wide and searching his, nervously biting his bottom lip. Finally, he spoke.
Dean’s face splits into a big grin and he clinks glasses with his friend. They down the rest. Dean catches their waiter’s attention, points to the glasses, and raises two fingers.
While it was true that the dreamcatchers prevented the apparitions from manifesting and doing actual physical harm, they were perfectly capable of rending him apart in his sleep, over and over again.
Castiel feels the hot flush darken his skin and Dean must see it as well, bursting into laughter and pulling Castiel against him. “Just teasing, sweetheart,” he says, but with a wicked grin, he whispers into Castiel’s ear, “but for future reference, I’m down with somnophilia if you are.”
Dean barely has time to kick off his shoes and register the door being closed behind him before he’s effortlessly spun around and pressed against it. The gasp that escapes him is most certainly due to the air being driven from his lungs by Cas’ body, not at all from how completely
… this form while in my dreams…” he finishes lamely, blushing furiously as memories of those more recent dreams dance behind his eyes.
“You… want me to eat… cake?” Dean rasped, and Castiel smiled at the hint of indignation in his voice.
Dean turned back into the room, laughing to himself… and stopped, stunned, at the sight of Cas, holding up a sock.
Dean had always been a handsome guy - as many of the girls (and a surprising number of guys) in high school would attest to. But four years had matured him from boyishly handsome to completely gorgeous. His hair had taken on a lighter tone, reddish highlights glinting in the late afternoon sun, bright smile flashing.
“Why did you leave?” Castiel heard himself blurt out, the hurt and pain evident in his voice. He slammed his mouth shut, mortified.
Dean jerks as the pinpoint of heat returns, this time on his left nipple. Castiel spreads the honey over the nipple with his fingers, pinching and rolling it to a stiff, sticky peak, then swirling the tip of his tongue around it before sucking it into his mouth. Dean cries and bucks underneath him, but a firm hand pressed on his hip stills him. The right nipple gets the same treatment, hot honey followed by the wet heat of Castiel’s mouth.
“I… I dunno!” Dean gasps, still clutching his chest as Sam pulls him to his feet. “Felt something… a vibration…”
An hour ago, Cas stopped by the table to drop a kiss to his cheek, saying he was going up to the room for the night. “Don’t sleep on the couch,” he whispered into Dean’s ear before leaving the room, the honeyed bourbon timbre of Cas’s voice and the warm breath on the shell of Dean’s ear sending pleasant shivers up his spine. Lee made his exit shortly thereafter, with a solid squeeze to his shoulder and a wink.
Castiel heard a broken sound and realized it was coming from himself. He knelt before the figurine of Dean and gently picked it up as Sam burst into the room, pistol at the ready.
It was movie night, and the boys had all gathered in the TV room. Dean and Cas took their customary positions on the couch in the back, their seniority (and Dean’s overwhelming popularity) granted them exclusive rights to it. “Stand By Me” was a popular movie in the home, mostly due to the limited movie selection. The boys would chant along with many of the scenes, most of which Dean and Castiel participated in with great delight. There was one scene, however, that Castiel could not participate in. While shouting “run Run RUN!” during the train scene, the boys failed to notice Castiel turning away, his face gone pale. Dean noticed, of course, and knew exactly why - the accident that took Castiel’s parents involved their car being struck by a train. During this scene, he would pull Castiel’s head to his shoulder, blocking his sight and covering his ears with hand and shoulder. This particular viewing, he added something new - a gentle kiss to the top of Castiel’s head, which sent a wave of shock and heat through Castiel’s body.
Cas nods somberly. “Time proceeds at a different rate in Heaven than it does on Earth. Days to weeks. Months to Years”
“Ah, very well then.” Cas tilts his head. “Is it for coffee? I hear Starbucks is headquartered here, I suppose acquiring some from the original source might be interesting.”
"Cas, wait… what are you doing?" Dean hisses, but Cas has already started gouging into the rear deck.
“Okay, okay...I get the hint.” He shakes off the feeling and forces a grin, fingers ruffling the soft down. Feathers settles to the ground next to him and lays his head on Dean’s shoulder, the rumbling purr in his chest vibrating against Dean’s shoulder.
Dean turns slowly and stares into the handsome face of his friend, ex-lover, and now contact, Lee Webb.
It had started with that phone call, the one where Cas had mentioned Balthazar - and the feeling of despair that news brought had shocked him to his core. He should be happy for Cas but was far from it, and it was then when he realized he was in love with his best friend - who was a
He threw the book he was reading onto the table and curled into himself, knees pulled up to smother the hitching sobs wracking his body. Dean was asleep again, Cas with him, and although he knew Cas didn’t sleep, he didn’t want to disturb what might be his last few days with Dean.
He approaches the side of the bed and sits facing Dean, holding out his hands to show him the belt and tie.
Sam returned to the library, coffee cup filled with go-juice, and breathed a sigh of relief when he noticed all the figurines were gone.
had changed between Dean and Cas - the atmosphere of anger and distrust he had felt recently whenever they were together was gone, replaced by something - lighter, carefree. Even though Chuck had escaped, which would normally have Dean in a fury and spoiling for a fight, he was calm, hopeful even. A glance in the mirror at Cas in the back seat showed him to have a similar demeanor.
His breath catches at the sight and it must have been audible, as Cas glances over his shoulder, a soft smile on his face and the firelight dancing in his eyes.
Roman shrugs, unimpressed. “Give me the password and I’ll let him live.” He strides over, leaning down until he’s face to face with Dean. “Do it soon enough and he might even be in one piece.”
Dean’s so lost in his fantasy of pole-dancing flight attendants (hey, if it’s good enough for Iron Man and War Machine, it’s good enough for him), he startles at the sound of the ramp stairs rolling up to the parked jet and the hatch opening. But he is
Roman’s grin widens at the sound, stark white teeth glittering in the harsh light. “Oh, that’s right. He’s dying tonight as well.”
“Ahhh… oh, god… Cas… yes, Cas,” Dean babbles, wrapping his thighs around Cas’ hips and digging his heels into his ass to pull him in harder, faster. Cas moves inside him and Dean feels like he’s chained to a lightning bolt, the sensations like electrical current burning across every nerve; Cas’ lips kissing and biting fire on his skin.
Baby sails down familiar two-lane asphalt - this time, it's the southbound US-60 just outside of White Deer, TX; and this time, the lanes are slightly separated by a median covered in grass, fading from green to yellow in the early afternoon heat. The road shimmers like water in the distance, reflecting the hot Texas sun as it burns in a seemingly endless pale blue sky.
“My Brothers came while you were asleep. It appears they had been trying for some time, but the dreamcatchers prevented them from approaching.” Cas shakes his head ruefully. “It appears your apprehension regarding their dismantling was warranted, but not for the reasons that concerned you.” His eyes dropped away again. “ They captured me and took me back to Heaven for judgment.”
More images, this time of all the horrible things he’s done — going to Hell, becoming a demon, freeing The Darkness — all the people he’s killed. He’s not worthy of love, especially Cas’.
The first thing he notices is that he’s strapped to a chair. Arms behind him, legs spread, each bound to a chair leg.
Quick and sure, Dean slides the M1911 from the shoulder holster, aims, and fires; the gunshot echoes loudly in the silence. It hits Ketch right between the eyes, the force of the shot knocking the chair over backward, his lifeless body falling from it onto the floor with a dull thud.
“Great,” Dean says, shoving away from the chair and stalking toward the door. “He’s in New York, be back in a couple days.”
Dean feels Cas’ body hitch as he chokes down a sob, the arms around Dean’s waist squeezing him even tighter as he buries his face in Dean’s neck.
“Keyed to both yours and Castiel’s thumbprints as well,” Sam says as he pushes the button, and grins up at Castiel. “See? Secure.”
He doesn’t have much time to contemplate this information, as before he can push the button to call another elevator, he’s startled by a slap on the shoulder. He barely stops the automatic response of grabbing the hand and slamming its owner against the wall, and only because of the warm drawl of the voice that accompanies it.
Dean holds on to the thin thread of his patience as he threads the tent pole through the seemingly unending number of loops running over the top side of the tent, grumbling to himself as he has to back the pole out due to missing a loop. Finally, the tent poles are in place and he uses the ties at the pinnacle of the tent to anchor where the tent poles meet and then stands, dusting off his knees. Starting at one corner, he pops the pole end into the tent foot, making his way around to all four corners until the tent is finally upright. He stands back and crosses his arms to admire his work, then looks around for Cas and smiles fondly when he sees him.
Cas was standing at the foot of the bed, looking at Dean like a thirsty man looking at water - and he was
And that soul could only be maintained in an actual human body, eventually fading and dying if not restored.
The night is cool but not cold, the asphalt of the parking lot retaining some of the heat of the day. He walks over to the Impala and sits heavily on her hood, his head falling into his hands.
When Dean wakes up the next morning, he’s instantly aware of two things - the sun is well above the horizon, and he must have been either
Jody takes both wine glasses in one hand and places her free one on his bicep, giving a gentle squeeze. “Yeah, and I’m glad.” She snorts and drops her hand. “And frankly, it’s about damn time.” She arches an eyebrow at him. “So, what of it?”
He places a hand on the injured left wing, Feathers turning to look at it before meeting his gaze. “Still need to work this one, but I’ll do it, okay? Nice and slow, promise.” Carefully removing the strip of fabric binding it to Feathers’ body, he braces the splint with one hand and uses the other to move the massive wing up and down at the shoulder joint. Feathers’ eyes go wide, his beak opens as he begins to pant, and Dean stops, moving to massage the muscle at the shoulder. Feather’s eyes slide shut along with the beak, and Dean feels a rumble from the bird’s chest, almost as if he were
His attention turns to the fleeing form of the witch. Raising a hand, he wills his Grace into it and clinches it into a fist. The witch freezes mid-stride, twisting against an invisible force holding him in place. With a jerk of his arm, Castiel propels the witch around and pins him against the nearest wall.
And then, the day came when Castiel knocked on Dean’s door and found the room empty. Dean was gone, without a word or any indication that he had ever been there.
Dean leans back and winks at him, grinning as he takes a big bite of his burger; and Castiel’s blush burns across his skin again. He grabs the remaining burger and takes a big bite in a vain attempt to distract himself from Dean’s uncharacteristically forward behavior.
Castiel glances over, eyes still masked by the sunglasses and no less dispassionate. “Ten million dollars has been wired to an account in your name at the casino, with a contingency of five million more as I deem prudent.”
Two hours later and the man still hasn’t said anything. He doesn’t seem pissed or upset — and Dean is thankful for that, considering how he’d more or less stalked from the garage the day Cas arrived without even checking to see if Kevin had set Cas up in a room or anything, and then repeated the performance last night — and the silence isn’t strained or uncomfortable. Just… well, Dean thinks it’s odd, that’s all.
When, suddenly, he’s wrapped in an unearthly blue-white light, surrounding him like a shield; and a feeling of warmth and security falls over him. Through the haze, he sees a tendril of the same blue-white lance out and slice through the okami, dissipating it in a cloud of smoke. More come, all destroyed in a similar fashion. The warmth overcomes him, though, and he falls into a dreamless sleep as the tendrils continue to dispatch the incoming okami.
“Anyway… another thing the vet site says you should do is help him exercise… get him up and moving, help him flex his good wing so the joints don’t get stiff.” Sam pauses. “Oh, and also move the bad wing, but just at the shoulder. Don’t take off the splint or move that part. And the bandage over the injury needs to be changed, or removed if it’s no longer bleeding.”
Castiel is pulled from his reverie as Dean completes his task, dries his hands on a towel, and turns to face him with a soft smile - and Castiel’s breath is stolen from his lungs.
“G-god, Cas... hell yes!” Dean wastes no time, hands flying to paw at the waistband of Cas’ sweatpants, pushing them down as far as he can reach. Cas rises to his knees to straddle Dean, and he gets another mouthwatering look at Cas as the angel kicks off the sweats and sits back on his heels. Dean reminds himself to breathe.
Cas’ breath caught at the admission, and as Dean released his finger and rolled over again, Cas whispered to his sleeping back, “As do I, Dean. Always and forever.”
“Cas… Cas, I’m so, so sorry… so stupid…. I was… I couldn’t handle it, how I felt about you…,” the words tumbled from Dean in a rush, “So I pushed you away, I blamed you for everything, for Mom, for Jack, for Rowena… I’m a coward and I couldn’t deal with… I was so afraid of how much I loved you…” Dean’s shoulders shook with silent sobs.
Cas sees another couple at one of the other cars, shaking cans of paint similar to their own, and they begin to paint a design on the car. Glancing down at the can in his hand, Cas begins to fathom Dean's purpose here.
He gusts out a breath in relief, his arms tightening around the angel, smiling into his eyes. “Okay, then. How do we do this?”
Cas’ eyes narrow at first, but then he sighs and steps out of his room — Dean choking back a delighted giggle as he’s once again graced by the sight of Cas in those bee print jammies — and pads over to examine the tray. His eyes land on the plate of crumpets and the jar of honey, and the eyes soften as he glances up to Dean. “Crumpets… for me?”
Dean, exhausted and heartsick, plops onto the couch. His head falls into his free hand, and he feels the wetness on his cheeks, angrily wiping it away.
“Likewise!” Sam pumps Cas’ arm excitedly, and Dean lays a hand on Sam’s arm to calm him down. Sam releases Cas’ hand and clears his throat self-consciously. “Hey, is there anything I can get you? Water, coffee, tea…”
Dean, laughing, cuts him off with a quick press of lips to his own. “I’m fine, Cas. I only had a couple glasses, you practically had the whole bottle and then some.” Dean’s eyes, verdant in the late afternoon sun, crinkle in the corners with merriment, and Castiel is utterly entranced by them; until he’s distracted instead by his full, plush, extremely kissable lips, now twisting up in barely contained amusement. “And, it’s ‘Uber’, babe.” No longer able to hold it in, he laughs again. “Although there might be a market for ‘Luber’ — getting your freak on in the back seat while someone drives you home!”
Vision Cas shushes him. “You’re going to be fine, Dean, just fine…” and then another hallucination rears up as he hears Sam’s voice.
tape when Dean pulled the tape box out to choose one for the drive, squawking in excitement (“That one, Dean! Play that one!”). Dean had protested - no way was his baby (or him, for that matter) gonna be subjected to a Broadway musical — but Cas had used his own rule against him.
Out of the corner of his eye, he catches the glint of light reflecting off the ivory grips of his M1911, and he sighs, missing the comforting weight of it against his side where it would normally rest in his shoulder holster.  Due to the security surrounding the game, the spare key — with its access to the Colt and the Bone — is all the armament he could get away with. Turning away, he steps out of his room and strolls across to lean into Cas’ room. Cas is nowhere to be found, but the bathroom door is closed and the garment bag missing, so he assumes Cas must be inside getting ready.
But this is Castiel’s game, not his. He lost fair and square — well, sorta, since he kinda cheated a couple times — and he was honor-bound to play along.
“But why did you come as a bird? I mean,” Dean gestures at Castiel’s current form, “this would probably have been much more effective.”
“As a matter of fact, I am.” Dean spares a glance over and winks. “Which is how I can tell you’re being completely sarcastic right now.”
"Sweetheart, are you cold? I mean, the sun’s going down but I'm still pretty warm, are you…" He squeaks as Cas spins him around and presses him against the car.
He sighed into the phone. “Listen, the more I think about it, the more I think it’s probably just a fluke. Or, maybe the curse is starting to wear off.”
Castiel reaches for the bottle, remembering Dean’s preparations during their Bonding. “Dean… may I?”
“C-Cas…” Dean stammers, and Cas pulls him up, pressing him tightly against his chest, rocking him gently. Dean hears the gulps of air Cas heaves in, feels the tears fall on the top of his head, on his bare shoulders.
Moments later the three join him and a flurry of activity takes place: plates, forks, condiments, potato
“Hey, Sam…,” Dean takes a deep breath and closes his eyes, head hanging. “I’m sorry, man. I know you’re trying, and I really appreciate it.”
Dean does, and notices something new - a warmth, and a small pull against his spirit, as though it were attached to something with a rubber band. He opens his eyes and smiles happily, then pulls Cas down for another deep kiss.
Ellen’s sarcastic laugh crackles over the speakerphone. “Sorry for disturbing you, your highness — but in case you haven’t noticed, time is of the essence here. Now, if you don’t mind...” She takes a breath. “Just got off the horn with Lady Bevell. She was ‘very pleased’ with the intel you found, Dean,” she says, “enough so that they’re gonna provide the
Castiel squints against the late afternoon sun reflecting off the water as the Impala crosses the Columbia River and into Oregon.
“Because…” Dean rises from the table and pads over to the duffle, picking it up and placing it on the end of the bed. He unearths a pair of jeans and a dark grey Henley. “You could borrow these.”
has to do it, and I’m driving”), by the time they arrive, Castiel claims a final Bug, pushing his count over Dean’s.
“Good boy.” Dean shudders involuntarily from the praise. Castiel slides his hand from Dean’s neck and through his hair, petting him while gently pushing his forehead to the edge of the bed. “Rest now, and don’t move. I’ll be right back.” Reaching down into Dean’s pocket, Castiel pulls out the keys to the Impala and steps away, followed by the sound of the motel room door opening and closing.
Slowly, he raises a hand, pleading, apologetic, and approaches Cas hesitantly; Cas tenses, wary, but doesn’t back away. Dean takes his hands and looks into his eyes, pleading. “I
— but Dean puts on his best puppy eyes (he learned from Sam, the best in the business) and Cas sighs, pulls out a small piece and pops it in his mouth. As he chews the meat, his eyes go wide and Dean grins.
Castiel’s eyes go wide and bright, a big toothy grin spreading over his face and he turns to type in the rest: T, I, E, L.
“So, Cas…” he says, going for nonchalant, “you work for the BMoL. Where’s the accent?” He chances another glance over at the man and sees him sort of freeze for a minute before regaining his composure.
But throughout his recovery, the one constant was Cas by his side every night. Early on, he was only dimly aware of the warmth next to him as he slept, but as his recovery progressed he became more aware of Cas lying next to him - fully clothed, trench coat and all.
He then becomes painfully aware that he’s staring — and that Cas is staring right back, his cheeks darkening; then Dean realizes he’s paused right in the middle of pulling his own shirt on and feels his own face growing hot. He quickly pulls the shirt down and pivots around to grab his flannel, pulling it on quickly and zipping up the duffle.
Sam sits up, his eyes bright with interest. “That would be amazing, actually — to have an AMoL Double-O.”
His gaze wandered toward the boxes stacked on the table next to him… perhaps he could make the other hunters more comfortable as well. It seemed… inelegant… to leave them in the degrading and uncomfortable positions the witch had placed them in, and stacked in boxes like discarded toys. Rising from the chair, he headed over and began to remove the figurines, one by one, posing them in relaxed sitting positions and setting them on the bookshelf overlooking the Library, legs dangling off the edge. As he did so, he checked each for the same spark he felt in Dean, relieved to find it present in all - although in some, the spark was not as strong: presumably the ones that had been in this state the longest.
As soon as he opened the book to the first chapter, he realized this was not the book Dean had read to him as a child.
of them, of course, but the fact that he missed that one of them was a woman annoys him. He quickly matches faces to names and groans internally — Charlie Bradbury. Of course he’d made the mistake of assuming ‘Charlie’ meant ‘male’. He notes her position at the table and angles his seat to keep her in his peripheral.
They’re also freakin’ disgusting. Gooey, black blood and heads made of teeth and mouths, like a barracuda in a meatsuit.
Dean nods sagely. “Very true. So we’ll keep count, and whoever catches the most New Bugs…” He pauses dramatically, the smile downright demonic now, “gets to decide what... game... we play tonight.”
“Dean… I’m… I apologize, I don’t know why…” Cas sputters, blue eyes wide and downcast, hands clenching in the sheets.
accept from Mick: a stunning 1964 Aston Martin DB5. The dim light in the garage dances off her gleaming platinum fenders even from the shadows. She’s no Baby, but she’s a more than adequate substitute. He slides into the right-side driver’s seat (even after months of driving in England, the position still feels odd to him) and turns over the ignition, the throaty roar of the engine bringing a feral grin to his face. Shoving the stick into gear, his foot almost goes to floor the gas and peel out of the garage, but he hesitates, considering. The car all by itself is an attention-grabber — no need to draw any more eyes to it than necessary. With a deep, calming breath, he slowly presses the gas pedal to ease out of the parking garage and onto the road, away from the commotion a block over.
So he debated with himself and waffled back and forth, and his grip on the wheel became tighter and tighter the closer he got to home.
Dean nods and turns toward the fridge to pull out a block of cheddar cheese and a package of bacon. Returning to the island, he sets the cheese down, then pulls a cheese slicer from a drawer and a plate from the shelf. Setting the slicer on the plate, he slides it and the block of cheese pointedly across the island to Sam, then picks up his beer, leans back against the stove, and takes a long pull from the bottle.
Just as Dean doesn’t think he can take any more, Cas pulls off, and then in another breath, he’s back kneeling in Cas’ lap and Cas is somehow completely naked; and Dean groans as his cock slots in alongside Cas’.
Dean rises, sinking fully down onto Castiel, his back arching and hands on Castiel’s hips, holding him down. Dean pauses briefly, then begins to move. He rides Castiel, slowly at first then picking up speed, his sighs and moans beautiful music to Castiel’s ears. His hands move to Dean’s hips, guiding him at first and then moving up to his shoulders to pull him back down, to the back of his neck to crush Dean’s lips against his, swallowing his moans of pleasure.
He wakes up the next morning splayed out on the couch, the sound of alarms jangling, his mouth dry and sticky from the whiskey and throat hoarse from shouting in his sleep. Last night had been a double creature feature - chased by ghouls right into the lair of a den of Djinn. Staggering to the sink, he grabs a glass of water and takes a gulp, swirling and spitting to wash out what he could from the night before. A long drink of the rest and he heads for the door, grabbing his pistol from the kitchen table as he passes and jamming it into the waistband of his jeans at the small of his back, then the silver knife and jar of lamb’s blood staged by the door. His shoulders slump as he opens the door and heads out to the nets to clear them.
“Oh, wait, I almost forgot. It’s a little too late for that,” Roman says as he strides to another corner of the room and flicks on another light.
“DEAN! Dean, no, stay awake…” Castiel placed a hand behind him, helping him into a sitting position, Dean blinking awake again. “Sam, measure out the cupcake, please. We need to hurry.”
The fire pit is still there, a small circle surrounded by stones; wood already neatly piled within. But a larger circle had been added around it, made from the same stones as the firepit and encompassing four small log benches surrounding the pit. And on each bench lies a crown of branches, a pair on each which curled into the air like antlers, and with flowers from the meadow woven in and around the branches creating bright splashes of color.
A fingertip brushed against his hand, knocking him out of his spiraling thoughts. He looked up into the blue ocean of Cas’ eyes.
When Dean had proposed the road trip, he really hadn’t planned the route out. All he cared about at the time was getting the hell outta Dodge before he went insane from boredom.
Inside, he gets his first surprise - Jo’s boyfriend, Adam. She’d talked about him during his calls to her, of course, but he hadn’t realized it had reached the level to where he would be accompanying them to the annual family party. But he appeared to be a great guy and was obviously smitten with Jo, and Dean approved.
Sam takes the plates over to Dean, across the kitchen in the cooking area where he has been ferrying pans and dishes to the sink and cleaning the stove. From Castiel’s vantage point at the kitchen table, he watches Dean glance away from his work to greet his brother, a warm smile curling the corners of his mouth as he takes the dirty dishes from Sam and places them in the sink to soak. With a vigorous slap to his brother’s shoulder, Sam leaves the kitchen area, sending a small wave to Castiel as he turns the corner into the hallway. Castiel raises a hand in response, then turns back to his contemplation of Dean - the object of his earlier (and constant) distraction.
“TWO!” Dean exclaimed, standing and pulling Castiel to his feet, his hands reaching to bury his fingers in Castiel’s hair.
” Cas moans, and that in itself is almost enough to send Dean over the edge, but he fights it down because he has a
“Oh shit, no no no…” Dean mutters, then quickly plasters on a wan smile as the guy approaches his window and leans on the sill.
But Dean is nothing if not persistent. “Cas, c’mon, we’ll make it work.” The shower is having its desired effect, at least, as his voice is no longer shaking. The insistent tone gives way to one more pleading. “Please, Cas? I need to talk to you.”
Several hunters have gone missing, and Sam thinks he's found a connection between them. The boys head off on the case.
Dean gets the message. He crawls around the fire to where Cas sits and nestles himself in the proffered area on the blanket, his back to Cas’ broad chest, and leans back, closing his eyes. From behind them, he feels Cas’ arms reach behind on either side, pulling something up over his shoulders.
Dean smiles again, and with a brush of fingertips across his cheek, turns away from Castiel and ambles to the kitchen island, hoisting the cooler from the counter and heading out the door to the garage.
He shook his head to dispel the thought. It didn’t matter - if the monsters came back, he would deal with them. What he couldn’t deal with was the idea that Feathers would be earthbound because of him.
He shuffles off to his own room to shower before falling onto the bed, groaning in delight as he sinks into the mattress. He could certainly get used to this… but the anticipation of the job ahead keeps him awake far longer than the comfort of the bedding can make up for.
Dean rolls over, pressing his face into his crossed arms. The warmth of the San Diego sun bakes the tight, sore muscles of his neck and back; the warmth of the sand radiates through the beach towel and soaks into his chest, and he sighs in contentment.
Cas’ hands were not idle, slipping under Dean’s t-shirt to run up the hot skin of his back and clutch his shoulders from behind, fingers digging into Dean’s shoulders, pulling him impossibly deeper into the kiss.
“Ha ha, very funny. Hold on, Cas is here too. I’m putting you on speaker.” Placing the phone in speaker mode, he sets it on his knee so they can both talk and hear.
Cas is perched in his lap on the couch, facing him; Dean’s head on Cas’ shoulder and nuzzling into his neck again, breathing deep. His scent has changed a little as he’s gotten stronger, becoming closer to the smell of the plains after a gully washer; fresh and earthy and grassy. His hands are at Cas’ back and buried in his wings, stroking the soft secondary coverts and trailing down to the smooth, strong secondary flight feathers. He’s careful to avoid the scapulars, where the wings join his body, and the oil glands at the base - that is for another time. For now, he just wants to hold him and commit this feeling to memory before it’s gone forever.
He’s no sooner zipped the bag behind him when Cas is there, curling into his side. Dean wraps his arms around his ex-angel and presses a kiss to the top of his head as Cas nuzzles sleepily into Dean’s neck.
He looks okay, for the most part - a little thinner (but that could be the outfit, and where the hell did that come from?), the bags under his eyes could be from lack of sleep or God only knows what… and Dean almost drops the beer when the realization finally hits him…
The next few hands go by quickly as players drop out, buy back in, drop out again. Dean plays cautiously now; having found Roman’s tell, he feels no need to be bold, so he can bide his time. Meanwhile, Roman is slowly running out of chips.
He wakes the next morning to the sound of… birdsong? The rustling of wind in the leaves of the trees outside.
“The thing I miss the most since losing my Grace,” he says quietly, haltingly, “is holding you with my wings.” He sighs, and Dean hears more rustling, this time sounding like… feathers? The rustling pulls around them, followed by encompassing warmth; and Dean opens his eyes gasping at the sight of black feathers wrapped around him, brilliant blues and greens and scattered flecks of gold shining in the firelight.
Dean forces down a chuckle, Cas tilting his head in his signature quizzical look. Dean raises a finger to his lips, grinning. “We haven’t done anything… yet.”
“Yes, of course. Hasn’t it been obvious?” Castiel’s eyes narrow in confusion. Is it possible Dean hasn’t been aware of his feelings? How absurd.
Dean liked steak well enough, but even the apparently bottomless pit of his stomach could only handle so much.
“And a lot shorter,” Lee agrees. But then his lips curl into a smirk. “That’s why I took the liberty of providing…” he waves a hand in the air, “
But at that moment, his failing Grace sputtered, and the witch dropped to the floor. Quickly recovering, she shouted “Abi!” and with a flick of her hand, threw him against the wall. As he lay on the floor, dazed, she began to mutter under her breath, leveling a raised hand at him, eyes burning with purple light. Her outstretched hand began to glow, and with a shout launched a flash of light toward him.
Dean sighs and grabs a clean shirt from his closet, pulling it over his head. “Gimme a sec, alright? I’ll meet you in your office,” he shouts through the door, his voice slightly muffled by the shirt as his arm gets stuck in it.
being the operative term here. The jeans are only a tad long and delightfully hug his muscular thighs, but it’s the way the Henley stretches across his chest and shoulders that leaves
Night falls quickly, so Dean brings the glass and the bottle over to the table in front of the couch, setting them down and crossing to the fireplace to get a fire going against the chill of the evening.
“Hey, babe… you okay?” he asks, but he knows from the look on his face that Cas is more than just ‘okay’.
High school and college graduations for the five who had grown up together - change was in the air. But other things had changed for Dean this last year as well, something he never thought he would feel, or have to admit to his family - or to Cas.
He stares into the bird’s blue eyes, reaching up to scratch the feathers on his head, maybe for the last time.
“By the way, have you seen Cas? This whole barbeque thing today was his idea but I haven’t seen him since we got up this morning,” he asks, turning back as he grabs a towel to dry his hands.
Cas did not linger there, however. Three more slides of that marvelous mouth, three more swirls of his tongue over the head, and he pulled off. Dean looked down and saw what was, in his not so humble opinion, a complete and utter travesty.
Cas’ lips brush lightly against Dean’s as he lifts the tie blindfold from his eyes. Dean squeezes his eyes shut as the cloth is removed, but the room is now lit only by the lights from the parking lot filtering in through the window. He opens his eyes and stares straight into endless blue, the sparse light catching in Cas’ eyes.
“Gimme a sec, Kev, and I’ll be right there to look it over.” With an apologetic shrug, Sam continues through the War Room and into the hallway leading to the residential area, Dean following behind. Sam stops before Dean’s door and turns to face him.
Dean took the book from him, reading what the real Alice had written about the Sword. “Wait, this thing is real? Sam, I read you this poem when you were a kid. It’s nonsense, Lewis Carroll got a hold of some really good mushrooms that day…”
“Hey, I get it… but it’s okay, I promise.” He faces the cabin and holds his hands out to his sides. “If you come out and extend this way, you won’t be anywhere near them.”
Several years ago, Castiel had taken it upon himself to replace the dilapidated cardboard box the tapes had previously been held in with a more sturdy wooden box, complete with a liner that held the cassettes in a more orderly fashion.
Dean gasps and moans, his hands pulling against the belt restraints as he tries to remain still against the onslaught of Castiel’s tongue. He could just as easily let the belt end slip from his fingers and free himself, but he desperately wants to be good, wants to be Castiel’s good boy. He pulls the belt tighter, and feels himself begin to float.
The delightful aroma of coffee and a hint of bacon wafts into Dean’s nostrils and he stirs, eyes blinking in the early morning light streaming through the window. He glances over at the other bed, finding it neatly made, as if it hadn’t been slept in at all, and no sign of Cas.
Dean snaps out, grabbing Cas’ arm and spinning him back around. The blue eyes burn into his, the concern melting away into anger.
Sam ran fingers through his hair, eyes unfocused. “I… I don’t know, Dean. I hope not for long, but…” Dean could see the fear and uncertainty in his brother’s eyes and fought down his own rising fear.
“Cas, wait by the stairwell. Go!” Dean hisses over his shoulder and reaches toward the door; but then Cas’ hand is on his arm.
He’s stirred from his reverie by Cas pulling away from his shoulder, shifting to his knees and crawling slowly to the edge of the blanket, where a smaller bush of Black-Eyed Susans cheerily waves in the breeze. Dean follows his gaze and sees, perched upon one of the blooms, a plump fuzzy bumblebee.
Dean is utterly fascinated by this and knows Sam will be as well. “So there are more of you… more angels? And you all take different forms on the Earth?”
Toni sighs and leans against the wall, the hand holding the now-empty tumbler dangling at her side, the other pinching the bridge of her nose. “It wasn’t
Each time he pauses at the door, the fear that he’ll lose Dean forever grows, burning in him like hot ash.
“NO Starbucks… seriously, why does everyone…” Dean pauses, then carefully schools his face into a serious expression. “We’re going for Dick’s.”
Dean asks the question that has been on his mind since he first noticed it, his voice strained and stomach in knots.
Sam finally traces the Leviathan all the way up to one of the most powerful men in the country — Richard Roman, CEO and Founder of Richard Roman Enterprises.
It was Castiel’s turn to look down, ashamed. “I was afraid to mention it… for fear it was an accident.” He swallows, hard. “I wanted to keep on believing it was true for as long as possible.”
Dean’s eyes stream tears from the effort to not double over in laughter and send the car careening off course again.
Dean doesn’t care. He has Roman now. He knows his tell. Quickly, he tamps down on the feeling of victory bubbling in his chest.
Cas finally breaks the kiss to gasp for air, and even though it’s literally the last thing he wants to do, Dean gently pushes him back. “We’re losing the light, sweetheart, and we gotta finish putting this tent together,” he gasps. Cas sighs and rises to his feet, offering a hand down to pull Dean up. They quickly get to work and in no time, the tent cover is pulled over the top and the tent staked down securely.
“Dean, just twenty minutes ago, you were an inanimate hunk of plastic!” Sam blurted, voice increasing in volume again and quickly quieting again when Dean winced… and then blanched.
of a Woman of Letters, Alice Liddell, who had experienced the events in the children’s book - and had then gone to Kendricks Academy and joined the British Men of Letters with the sole intent of recreating the powder and potion she had taken as a child, in order to return to that world.
Dean couldn’t help but smile, his skin flushing. “Counting the hours, were ya, sweetheart?” he teased, winking at Cas, but sobered at the somber, almost crestfallen look on the angel’s face.
Stealing across the kitchen floor and heading to the main part of the house, the first thing he noticed were several small figurines, no bigger than a child’s fashion doll, placed around the room in various locations and positions - some posed in rather embarrassing and inappropriate manners. Upon closer examination, he believed one bore the resemblance of one of the missing hunters.
As expected, every net he can see from the door contains a whining, cowering Hellhound, and from the sound of it, several more around the sides and back of the house.
Dean semi-staggers to the bedroom and the bathroom beyond, his mind whirling and heart racing. Quickly heading for the shower, he turns on the tap and strips down as the room fills with steam, then steps into the delightfully warm spray of water.
“It’s his eye… it twitches whenever he’s bluffing.” Dean tips his glass toward Lee, who grins and taps his against it.
“Hey, slow down, buddy. Long game ahead.” Lee surveys the room, and Dean follows his gaze, tracking Roman’s movements as he greets the other players. “Good job not losing your cool, but from here it looked like a very near thing.” Dean nods, taking a more measured sip from the newly-poured whiskey, and Lee fixes him with a steady gaze. “You gonna be able to keep your cool at the table?”
Dean had laughed and pulled away, pressing a kiss onto his forehead. “Of course we can. Wine has alcohol, I can get behind that.”
Dean takes the plate and forces a grin. “No problem. Thanks, kid.” Kevin backs away then dashes back up the hall, and Dean can’t help but chuckle as he kicks the door shut.
They reach the highway, and Castiel is floating merrily along, watching the scenery blur by — when he’s shaken out of his reverie by a sharp punch to the shoulder.
Sam huffs out a breath - frustration, confirmed, and Dean gets it. “There’s just not a whole lot of lore on angels, y’know?” He pauses suddenly, hums as an idea comes to him.
Gently he pushes Lee back, smiling, and pats his shoulder. “Thanks, buddy. And thanks for the assist, I couldn’t have done it without you.”
Dean nods, starting to feel a little lighter at the prospect. Better than sitting here, being useless. “Maybe there’s something you missed in that giant pile of books.”
Sam sighed. “Okay, I get that. But isn’t there… I dunno, some other place we could put them until I figure out how to remove the curse?” Sam glanced back over his shoulder and shuddered again. “I’m never going to be able to concentrate with them…
Dick Roman rises from the table, turns on his heel and strides from the room, his gait that of a man… or monster… looking for an escape route.
Sam laughs out loud. “That’s the spirit.” He rises and turns to look down at Dean, nodding toward the cabin door. “Whadda say? Let’s go home.”
Prompt fill for Suptober Day 22 - "I cursed the gloom that set upon us, but I know that I love you so."
Cas rolled his eyes at Dean but his mouth twitched in an indulgent grin. Turning to Sam, he apologized. “I’m sorry, Sam. You were saying?”
Dean sighs. For a minute there, it seemed like maybe Cas would relax, maybe pull out the stick the Brits had wedged so firmly in his ass.
Castiel gasps, voice soft like a prayer, each syllable punctuated by a thrust; each pulling a cry, a sigh, a moan from Dean and driving Castiel to greater and greater heights. He feels as if he is burning from the inside out, the silver-white of his Grace swirling and blending and merging with the golden light of Dean’s soul, a whirlwind around their bodies as they move together.
The man speaks, his voice rumbling and dark like whiskey over gravel, eyes wide, expression earnest.
Once he reaches the passenger door, he leans against it for a minute, his breathing becoming harsh and irregular, his heart pounding furiously in his chest. He jams the key towards the lock — missing several times and cringing at the sound of metal scraping against metal before the key finally slides in. The door unlocks and Dean falls onto the bench seat.
“And there is no way on God’s green Earth I’m entrusting it to the cargo hold of a plane,” Ellen says, “even a private jet. Too many people I don’t trust and can’t clear with potential access to it.”
There's a crackle over the phone as Sam shifts uncomfortably from the outburst and Dean feels a brief twinge of guilt, but the gnawing pit of ice in his stomach doesn’t let him care for long.
Dean shrugs, his thumbs caressing Castiel’s cheeks. “Thought we might head west, see what we can see. Get some coffee in Seattle, wine in Napa Valley, hit the beaches in Monterey, fish tacos in San Diego... I dunno.” He presses a swift, sweet kiss to Castiel’s lips, pulling back and leaving him wanting more.
Dean chokes. “You… you’ve LOJACKED my Baby?” Behind him, Castiel scoffs and Dean whirls on him. “Don’t tell me. ‘Standard BMoL equipment,’” he growls, and fights down the urge to punch Castiel when his (deliciously broad —
Releasing their softening shafts, Dean clutched and pulled Cas against him as they came back down, burying his face into Cas’ neck, stroking a hand up and down Cas’ back as his shudders subsided.
“Yeah, I’m sure!” Dean drops his head to his hand, elbow propped on the table, fingers digging into his hair.
Castiel fumes at this seemingly arbitrary rule, but prepares for the blow, tensing and closing his eyes.
He turned to Cas. “She’s the last of ‘em, right?” Cas nodded, and Dean sighed and stretched in contentment. “Ahhhh, everything back to normal.”
“I think I’ll save this part for last. I’ll save it as a reward for your friend…” He pauses, then stands, releasing Dean’s balls. Dean slumps forward in the chair, nearly passing out in relief, the ropes binding him tugging against his skin.
Thank you for reading! This was a true adventure - writing AND arting DAILY for almost 15 days in October. It was a true challenge, and one I probably won't do again (that is, until next Suptober HAHA). But I hope you enjoyed this.
Afterwards, she calls Sam and Dean back into her office. Sam slumps into a chair in front of her desk but Dean paces the room instead. Ellen scowls. “Dean, sit your ass down.” With a grumble, Dean compiles but only so far, stopping the pacing but grabbing the back of the chair instead. Ellen rolls her eyes but continues. “The BMoL agrees with your assessment — Dick Roman is a Leviathan and needs to be taken out…”
“Heya barkeep, what’s good around here?” A cheerful, brassy voice with a hint of a growl and midwest twang sailed above the din of foreign languages.
“Hey, Cas… I’m heading down. See you there.” He hears an acknowledging grunt from the bathroom, shrugs, and leaves.
He turned back to Sam. “I got hit by that witch bitch, didn’t I?” The idea annoyed him so much, he didn’t even grin at the alliteration. “And it turned me into a Ken doll?”
“You have to get me into that poker game, obviously,” Dean snarks, then continues quickly when he hears Ellen take a breath to speak. “I can do it, Ellen.”  He catches Sam’s eyes again and shoves every bit of confidence and resolve he has into his gaze. “You know I can, Sam.”
Dean feels Cas shiver and, misinterpreting the cause, pulls back and turns him around, hands brushing up and down his bare arms.
Dean extricates himself from Donna and turns to give Jody a warm hug. “No, no case — Cas and I are on a road trip,” he says, laughing at the expression on Cas’ face as Donna squishes him as well. He rescues Donna’s wine glass from Cas in turn, and hands it back to her when she’s done mauling Cas to death.
of this, together.” Bottles clink and everyone drinks, their smiles as warm as the late afternoon sun shining down on them.
Dean wakes with a startle and glances up at the flight attendant smiling down at him, a gentle hand on his shoulder.
He never saw or heard from Dean again. Not until tonight, fifteen years later and half a world away.
Dean leans back from the table with a contented sigh, eyes casting around the very posh, candlelit interior of the best restaurant in the casino, hands on his very happy stomach.
“Shuddup and get over here, make yourself useful,” Dean says, grinning to take the bite out of his words. He nods toward the spices. “Can you bring those over? I need you to add them in.”
Images flash through his mind of all the times he’s been happy with Cas, starting to allow himself to acknowledge there might be something more than friendship there — and then shutting them all down, not wanting to be weak.
meeting would have been hilarious), somehow he had always been somewhere else when Dean had come here. Dean knew that was something he needed to correct.
Cas finishes swallowing his current mouthful of hamburger and raises his bottle, tapping it lightly against the other two with a sharp clink, his eyes darting between Sam and Dean, his expression curious.
Dean smiles, lips brushing against Cas’ temple. “I did. But how did you know I would come here and bring it to you?”
Sam followed his gaze around the room and nodded in agreement. “Good plan.” Picking up the partially consumed cupcake, he hurried toward the exit of the infirmary.
His curiosity (and the quiet) finally getting the best of him, Dean clears his throat. “So, uh… you doin’ alright over there? Did you want to stop for food or anything? You didn’t eat anything this morning, you must be hungry by now…”
She all but launches herself at him, Dean dropping Cas’ hand just before she envelopes him in a huge bear hug.
What did this mean, these new feelings of heartbreak and jealousy over his best friend having a boyfriend?
And it’s at that exact moment when he sees Castiel, entering the room from behind Roman, his blue eyes meeting Dean’s from across the room. And sweet mother of sin, he is
Dean winces at Sam’s outburst with a guilty glance at Cas, but Cas just squeezes his hand and smiles, and Dean can’t help but smile back.
Donna bursts into a gale of laughter. “Oh I betcha that’s what they’re doin’! C’mon, get some wine and let’s go find a place to catch up.”
The bed shifts again and then Cas is straddling him, lubed fingers grasping his aching cock and slicking him up.
Castiel felt his face grow hot at the label, but couldn’t deny it, nor his urgency to restore Dean to his full size and vigor. He quickly followed Sam to Dean’s room.
Even though they’re only manifestations, they still have to be banished the same way as killing their real-life counterparts.
Taking the hint, Castiel and Dean each lifted a glass. James leaned over and clinked his glass against theirs.
They pull up in front of the place — a small motor inn of the type very familiar to Dean, but by the pinched eyebrows and pursed lips on Cas’ face, not so much his typical experience.
The night Cas crawled into bed with him in his usual state of not-undress, Dean finally had to say something.
Sam at least has the decency to look startled before bursting into a gale of laughter, and Castiel bitterly wonders if Sam’s soul really
Dean groans, his hands sliding up Cas’ back to the front edge of his wings, grasping the edge and using them as leverage to grind against Cas even harder. Cas breaks the kiss to gasp and arch at the contact, his hands flying down to grasp Dean’s ass and pull him even closer still.
Even in the low light, Castiel could see Dean’s reaction: eyes wide and pupils blown, lips parted and wet from the kiss. Castiel was not able to admire the sight for long, though, as Dean grasped the back of his head and pulled him back down.
Dean smirks at the double entendre but it doesn’t stop him from taking the proffered glass. “What are you, a teenage girl?”
It had been almost a year since he and Dean had talked - the last time, when Dean had asked him how he was doing and Cas had mentioned his new boyfriend Balthazar, he could almost hear Dean shut down, his curt “Great talking to you, gotta go” stinging Cas to the quick. Since then, there had been a text message now and then, one in which Dean mentioned something about Lisa, a new girl he had met, and Cas’ heart broke all over again. He broke it off with Balthazar shortly afterward - he felt it wasn’t fair to continue dating someone when his heart belonged to someone else.
A finger traces through the combination of come and honey on his chest, and then is pressed against his lips. He sucks it in, bitter salt and bright sweetness exploding in his mouth.
changelings. In his left hand he holds a homemade flamethrower, his right hand on the doorknob gripping it hard enough to turn his knuckles white.
Roman returns to Dean’s chair, picking up a heavy rope with a large ‘monkey fist’ knot at the end on his way. He swings it in front of Dean’s face like a pendulum, the knotted end darkened with blood — Dean cringing inwardly as he realizes it’s very likely Lee’s.
The office door swings open on quiet hinges, light flooding into the darkened room from the hallway outside. From a chair in a shadowed corner, Dean watches as a figure is silhouetted in the doorway, casting a shadow across the room before the person enters and closes the door, throwing the room into darkness again. The figure moves swiftly across the room, then pauses as if sensing a presence. Turning slightly, the moonlight entering through the glass wall of the office illuminates the arched eyebrow and ever-present sneer on the man’s face.
, like a sharp slap of a sheet in the wind, the feeling of energy in the air around them causing his skin to erupt in gooseflesh and the hair on the nape of his neck to stand on end; and the world seems to come to a standstill, the wind whispering in the trees and the
“The curse the witch placed on you, of course.” Sam sobers, shoving the notepad across the table, Dean snatching it up and reading as Sam continues. “You were zapped by a curse that removes your inhibitions…” He smirks. “Especially, it seems, the ones related to that river in Egypt you’re so fond of.”
“Business,” Castiel said absently, still not quite believing the presence of the man before him. He doesn’t dare blink, lest the apparition in front of him disappear. “What… what brings you here?”
As they neared the city, Dean asked Cas to find them a room for the night. Apparently this was not as easy a task as it should have been.
The spirit must move Cas right away because he’s immediately pressing his lips to Dean’s, and Dean finds nothing to complain about when it comes to this development.
He stood back to admire his work - a neat row of figurines on the bookshelf, all looking much more comfortable. Stopping to focus on the time and figuring Sam would wake up soon, he wondered what he would think of the display.
He hears the glasses click as Donna, Jody, and Cas tap their glasses to his raised one, but he only has eyes for Cas.
A long-barreled revolver lies on a cushion of blood-red velvet, the exquisite scrollwork etched into the dark metal of the frame and cylinder glinting sullenly in the pale overhead phosphor light; ‘Non Timebo Mala’ stamped into the barrel and a crude anti-possession symbol carved into the dark wood of the grip. Six silver bullets, each polished to a high shine and engraved with runes and symbols, gleam in a row above the gun.
Dean, sitting in the chair next to Castiel, instinctively leans away to stay out of the line of fire. He’s been on the receiving end of that glare and wants no part of it.
Eileen taps Sam on the shoulder, startling him away from frowning at his phone. Signing, she asks him what’s wrong.
“Oh, uh…I put those on you,” he says, face flushing. “I… I was worried you might catch a cold, or… or something.”
Turning back to Dean, she sighs again at his continued defensive posture and stamps a petite foot. “REALLY, Dean. If I meant you harm, you would already be pinned to the ground.”
Lee almost laughs, the bastard. “Yeah, can you believe it? Tiny little thing.” He takes a swig of beer. “Her track record is legit, though.”
But what he sees when he steps out of the door makes him wonder if he’s still drunk and hallucinating.
Dean sighs and props himself up on his elbows, the movement causing Cas to sit back — and worse, to stop touching him. Dean’s gonna kill whoever interrupted Cas putting his hands all over him.
“Cas… hey, are you alright? What happened?” Again, he looked around the room but found no sign of Dean. “Where’s Dean?”
Cas doesn’t say anything, but Dean catches him dipping into the bag a few times and smiles to himself. Another successful convert — and then his smile droops a bit. Mom.
Dean hears the tapping of keys as Sam presumably looks up how to splint an eagle wing. True, he has a laptop and an internet connection (thankfully, as internet porn is really the only thing keeping him sane up here anymore) and he really could have looked this up himself, but he needed Sam’s reassurance that this wasn’t a lamebrained idea.
“Dean,” Cas whispers, his trembling voice throaty and vibrant against Dean’s ear, his hands in Dean’s hair, “it is time for your part.”
Castiel huffs in annoyance, pulling the phone away from his ear. “Apparently there’s a major convention in Denver and rooms are very scarce.”
Just as Dean begins to feel the pressure build, Castiel pulls off, the warmth of his body gone completely, and Dean whimpers as he floats alone in the dark.
Sam considers Dean for a moment, then nods. “He wasn’t wrong before, Ellen. Dean’s the best poker player we’ve got. If anyone can win this thing, it’s him.”
Another knock at the door then, and Sam peeked in. “Hey, Dean!” Pushing the door open and crossing the room to pull Dean into his gigantic arms to give him a giant moose hug, pulling away to hold him at arm’s length. “Cas said you’ve been doing better… “ He stopped and dropped his head. “I’m so sorry I haven’t been by very often to see you… getting everyone healthy again, even with help, was a handful.”
While he waits, he brushes his teeth and dresses — sweats and a t-shirt, he’s not planning on leaving this room until the game tonight — and exits into the common room, stretching out on the couch with his laptop to study videos of the other players.
An involuntary squeak leaps from Castiel’s mouth as his head snaps towards Sam, eyes wide in panic at his bluntness. He cringes when Dean loudly scoffs.
And then he sees it — the barest twitch of Roman’s eye, a finger quickly tapping in a faux thoughtful gesture at his temple. Dean smiles to himself and shoves fifty thousand dollars worth of chips into the center of the table, causing another round of murmurs, even louder this time.
As he’s unzipping the bag to crawl out and fetch a couple of the cups, he notices the pile of clothing neatly folded at the bottom of Cas’ side of the sleeping bags and has to slap a hand over his mouth to keep from laughing out loud and waking Sam and Jack (and Miracle, curled up next to Jack), still sound asleep. Quietly separating the bags, he rolls one up with the clothes inside, tucks it under his arm, then pours coffee into two of the cups and heads to the part of the meadow where they picnicked the day before.
Dean’s eyes are closed, his mind filled with images, his body with feelings that aren’t entirely his own. He can feel his fingers tingling from the blue-white sparks that flash under Cas’ feathers - but he can also feel fingers on
“How could I stay? I had caused you so much pain, I couldn’t bear to see it.” Castiel had sighed and pulled away from Dean, head hanging, shoulders hunched. “Your anger, your accusations… they hurt me, but mostly because they were true - I’m… ineffectual, my Grace faltering…I couldn’t save the ones you loved, Dean… how could you possibly want me after that?”
Charlie sighs dramatically. “I’m gonna give you the money to keep going.” She takes another sip of her drink. “On one condition — we get to take Roman in when you beat him.”
Dean walks toward him, steps echoing in the hallway. Castiel freezes as Dean stops in front of him; waits and tries to push down the anxiety as Dean stands silent before him.
Dean approaches and types in seven letters, a smile on his face as he does so; then he returns to his seat,  as the banker nods and closes the case.
As Lee and Cas approach, Dean picks up both jackets from the back of the chair, handing Cas’ to him when he arrives. “Someone doesn’t look pleased.”
Dean strides toward the table, his eyes on Dick Roman, waiting to see which seat he takes. As soon as Dick lays his hand on a seat, Dean practically leaps forward, grabbing the seat directly across from him.
“Listen, Dean. Just because you asked and he said yes, doesn’t mean you can’t ask again — you could still do the grand gesture if it’s what you want to do.” She jostles his arm with an elbow. “I’ve seen how he looks at you, I’m pretty certain you’ll get the same answer.”
instead. “No more alterations, just added weapons. C’mon, I’ll show ya.” He pushes himself out of the driver’s seat and heads around back to the trunk.
Cas looks up from his ring of stones, smiles and rises to his feet; but his brows pinch together as he looks past Dean and at the tent. “That does not look very secure, Dean. Are you sure it will remain stationary?”
At first, nothing happened. Tracy’s eye’s closed and Castiel started toward her to monitor her spark, but he had only just reached the bed when her eyes flew open, and gave a startled shout as she began to stretch and widen - but at about 4 feet tall, the growth stopped.
"Cas, you gave me your trust back in high school when you came out to me. It's time for me to return the favor." Dean took a deep breath. "Cas, I'm bi… and I love you."
Dean reached for him then, slid a hand under Castiel’s chin and raised his head to meet Dean’s gaze.
Dean stopped picking at the collar, his hand moving to slide under the coat and the suit jacket to run a palm against the dress shirt underneath, stroking down his chest and side to rest on his hip. He delighted in the sharp intake of breath from the angel at the contact.
Cas holds up a finger as he punches in another number and places the phone to his ear. From the one-sided conversation Dean is privy to, it sounds like Cas is having some success at whatever place he’s on the phone with now.
his brain chants on repeat. After several deep breaths, he’s regained enough composure to get the shower going, and strips while the water warms. Steam fills the room and he dives under the spray, the hot water pounding into him easing muscles tense from immobility — and from blue eyes and that damned
When Dean walks back into the room and takes his seat at the table, the look of utter shock on Roman’s face delights him to his core.
Striding up to Cas, he wraps his arms around him and pulls him in for a kiss. It’s electric, and while Dean was expecting Cas to put on a bit of a show, he was not prepared for the quiet, breathy moan Cas exhales against his lips. When their lips part, their eyes meet and Dean sees surprise in those blue, blue eyes — whether at Dean’s boldness or Cas’ own reaction, he’s not sure.
He slides out of bed and pulls on jeans and his t-shirt, quietly so as to not wake Cas, and heads outside, carefully closing the door behind him.
“Well I thought he was! He wasn’t a dude before!” Still not quite a lie since he didn’t know for sure that Feathers… Castiel...  was also the guardian in his dreams until now. “Besides, he did some thunderbird stuff today as well before he turned into a dude!”
No words are needed — a small squeeze and a gentle nudge from the hand on his neck, and Dean’s knees hit the pillow, wrists automatically clasped behind his back.
) and Castiel had indeed kept it, but felt too guilty to listen to it for a long time afterward. The last he’d seen it was inside the glove box of the Ford pickup truck, back at the lake house where he’d been helping Kelly prepare for Jack’s arrival and where he’d been killed by Lucifer.
Dean took a deep breath. “Okay, then. How about next time we do that, I just manually move your wing for you? That seemed to take a lot out of you.” Dean is not surprised when Feathers nods, apparently in agreement.
Dean lets Cas pull him in but tilts away, lips brushing Cas’ cheek in passage. "The hotel we're staying at is only a few miles down the road," he breathes into Cas' ear, causing a recurrence of shivers down Cas’ spine. "Think you can wait 'til we get there?"
when the other phone’s display lights up. A few button presses show only two things present on it: a file containing a list of European-sounding names and a text message with a single word — “Purgatory”.
“I’m afraid we very much are,” the thunderous voice very much quieter but no less deeper came from behind him, startling Dean onto his feet, almost dropping the phone in the process. He spins to face the voice.
He held out his hand. Dean stared at it, then back up at Cas. Cas wriggled his fingers, and Dean got the hint. Groaning in embarrassment, he climbed onto Cas’ hand.
Sooner than Dean would like, Cas pulls away, gasping and flushed, and Dean is captivated. He’s enraptured by blue eyes and flushed cheeks and full, kiss-swollen lips; addicted to the feel of Cas’ fingers running through his hair. For what could be hours or mere minutes, he allows himself to relish the peace of this moment. But even though there are several hours before the poker game resumes, there are reports to be made and Dean needs to check in with Lee to see what he was able to dig up on the Leviathan issue. With a sigh and a final sweet kiss, they part and rise to start the day.
“Chief… oh, and hi, Dean!” Kevin starts, his voice a little shrill with excitement. “Congrats on your… uh…” He pauses suddenly, realizing there are others nearby that might not be cleared to know of Dean’s new role in the organization. “Promotion?” he continues, eyebrows raised in uncertainty, then shakes his head and turns back to the laptop in front of him. “So, that file you sent from the hacked phone contains a list of locations around Europe.” He glances up from the laptop, throwing a thumbs-up at Dean. “Nice work on that hacking, bee tee dub.”
After Sam and Jo had told him Cas was finally coming home for the annual party, he had been beside himself wondering if Cas was bringing someone home with him - maybe that new boyfriend of his, Balthazar. The feeling of anticipation at seeing his best friend after four years was tempered by the choking anxiety of the thought that his best friend had found someone and moved on without him.
Castiel reaches out to brush light fingertips over Dean’s cheek, and Dean leans into it, skin tingling from the contact. “You… “fixed me up” very well, Dean.” His wings flare slightly, blue-white light briefly flickering across them. “My power is contained in my wings, and while one was broken I was unable to effectively use it - you in fact witnessed my one attempt to do so.”
Soooo you may have noticed the number of chapters increased... Chapter 6 was already close to 5K and I just had to break it when I did! So yes, there is a Chapter 7 coming that I hope to have posted sometime tonight (PST).
He reaches for Cas and dips him, closing his eyes and planting a huge kiss on his lips. Cas flails at first, then gets with the program, clutching Dean tightly around his neck, closing his eyes and sinking into the kiss.
“And you couldn’t pick up a phone, or write a letter?” Castiel growled, pulling his hands away. Grasping the surprisingly refilled glass, he tilted it back, pounding the contents before slamming the glass back down on the bar, glaring at Dean’s reflection in the mirror.
Cas glances over his shoulder, head tilted and a puzzled look in his eye, the same shaft of light striking and turning them into blue fire.
Not that it was an issue; Dean shouts from the kitchen that he’s starving and going to make burgers and did they want any. Sam looks to Castiel, questioning; he nods and Sam yells back in affirmation before turning back, gaze unfocused over Castiel’s shoulder and forehead furrowed in thought.
“Dean, we get it — we all want Roman to pay for what he’s done to not only our family, but the world in general,” Sam says, reaching a hand across the desk to grasp Dean’s arm. “But there’s more to this than just taking out Roman.  You have to actually
With a whispered spell, Dean steps back as the last dreamcatcher fades. He heads back up to the cabin and stands in the doorway, glancing over to the kitchen where Cas, having raided Rufus’ 'pantry' for the ingredients he’ll need to remove the curse, is currently measuring them into a brass bowl. “Are you sure getting rid of the dreamcatchers is a good idea? What if the spell doesn’t work?”
Dean is laughing now, the sound filling the room with joy as Castiel continues to kiss him many more times, punctuating each with a heartfelt “Yes.”
He found them in the kitchen again, sitting at the kitchen table, their heads pressed together and attention focused on whatever was on Dean's laptop.
“Hey, we’re gonna have to move this into the yard, I think,” Dean says, bemused as he stood, walking into the yard and turning to face the porch where Feathers still stood. “C’mon out here, where you can extend it more.”
Dean snorts. “And a huge, beautiful bird that brings thunder and lightning is so much less conspicuous!”
Loud throat-clearing echoes in the room, and they snap out of their reverie, turning to Sam. “So, what do we do?” he asks.
Dean pulls away enough to press a light kiss to Castiel’s lips, breaking it to press his forehead to Castiel’s. “Yeah, that sounds like me.”
The sound of howling alongside the jangling of the alarms startles Dean awake the next morning, the fog of his hangover making him forget for a moment where he is and what that noise could be.
The last rays of the sun slip behind the Olympic Mountains, but Dean is watching Cas watch the sunset.
“Just one more week, buddy, just to be sure,” Dean said, scratching the fluffed feathers on his head.
“Oh… oh no….” Sam gasps, as the image in the mirror snaps into focus — Dean laid out on a bed, on his back, naked as a jaybird; white-knuckled hands grasping the headboard above his head.
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean takes a swig of the coffee and quickly sucks in an appreciative breath: a dark roast, hot and black with a touch of sweetness, just as he likes it. The brain fog begins to clear, and he opens the foil wrapper of the burrito and takes a big bite, humming in appreciation as the flavors hit his tongue.
She leans forward, regarding them over the top of her steepled fingers. “He’s too high profile to take out the standard way,” she says, then leans back in her seat with a sigh. “They’re going to send a BMoL agent — a Double-O — to do the deed instead.”
Sam clears his throat and all eyes turn to him. “As for the improvements to the Impala…” he pauses, then grabs the box containing the Colt and the manila envelope. “Why don’t I just show you?” With a nod from Ellen, he takes the lead and heads for the door. Chairs scrape on the floor as Dean and Castiel rise to follow.
“Do you like it?” Cas is suddenly at his elbow, long fingers gently curling around his forearm, then sliding down to slot them between his own. His voice is hushed, somewhere between nervousness and pride.
“Well, Cas is here,” Sam said, then turns and waves toward Cas and Gabe’s house, “so let’s go inside the house. Then we can discuss arrangements.”
Jody’s eyes light up and she lightly punches his arm. “You dog! Congrats!” Then her face falls. “Oh, shit… he said yes, right?”
Dean’s hands skate up Cas’ back, finding their way to where his wings emerge from his back, and he digs his fingers into the soft tertiary feathers there. Cas growls against his lips and thrusts his hips against Dean, swallowing his breathy moan. With what little brain he has left that isn’t preoccupied with the sensations flooding his senses, Dean notices the feathers under his fingers feel somewhat oily. A memory surfaces from his research on bird wing anatomy and his fingers go exploring. He finds the small nipple of the oil gland under each wing, gently pinching while stroking outward and is rewarded by warm, slick oil coating his fingers and running into his palms.
“Reality? If that were the case, it wouldn’t be called ‘Devils Tower’,” a high, lilting voice calls from the back seat. “Lucifer had nothing to do with this monstrosity.”
Cas pulls away, but only enough to meet Dean’s eyes, a slight frown on his lips. “He won on blind luck.”
Shifting Dean’s pillow over slightly, Cas lay on top of the bed next to him, placing his hand palm-down next to Dean on the pillow. Dean rolled over and wrapped an arm around Cas’ pinky finger, pulling it close to him.
Castiel rolls over, facing Dean to meet his sleepy gaze. “It was Enochian, my native tongue,” he explains softly, brushing fingers through Dean’s hair and drawing a contented sigh from him. “It was… well, a form of prayer, I suppose. Roughly translated, it means ‘
With each kiss, Castiel feels another slight jolt of energy surge through him, and his concern grows.
Placing a couple of books in front of Dean as a table, he set the tray in front of him - and Sam was astounded.
Dean chuckles and loads several pieces on his own plate, grabbing his beer and plopping onto his own bed. He scarfs down his entire plate’s worth of pizza in short order and gets up to grab some more.
Their admissions lowered the floodgates, and they spent the next several hours catching up, four year's separation disappearing as if they never happened.
“No, Ol Limlal. My wings.” Cas presses his forehead to Dean’s, and Dean’s mind is filled with images.
The first thing Dean notices upon waking is the empty spot next to him, cold to the touch as he pats a hand over the place where Cas had been sleeping. A missing Cas would send him into either panic or resignation in earlier times, but the sight of the horizon lightening in muted pinks and purples tells him exactly where Cas went.
He vaguely feels Cas pull out, his wings folding against his back as he moves to lay next to him, Cas pulling him into his arms. All he can see are stars and sky and the moon shining on the prairie grass.
“Oh my G… Dean, are you and Cas getting married?” she bursts out, followed immediately by Sam’s “What? No way! He just asked him a couple days ago and freaked out about it!”
Reaching back to the oil glands under Cas’ wings, Dean extracts a healthy amount into each hand and begins to stroke the oil onto his flight feathers, starting with the tertiaries and moving to the secondaries. With each pinch of the gland to extract the oil, each stroke of the oil across a feather, Cas trembles against him, his arms wrapped around Dean and clutching his shoulders hard enough to bruise, his face buried in Dean’s neck. He breathes small whimpers and sighs against Dean’s neck, groaning at the occasional slick slide of his cock against Dean’s as he thrusts.
Castiel quietly slid out of the bed, grabbing his shoes in passing as he padded on stockinged feet to crack open the door and slip out into the hallway. Closing the door behind him, he turned to face Sam, leaning against the wall to pull his shoes back on.
“Nothing,” Dean lies - and then he sighs, “I know you need to get back to doing your angel stuff.” His eyes cast downward. “I’m… I’m gonna miss you, man.”
“PUNCH BUGGY, GREEN!” Dean exclaims, jabbing a finger at a car just ahead of them on the highway, a green Volkswagen Beetle, circa 1972 if Castiel’s guess is correct (and it usually is; he has, as Dean calls it, “an absolutely ridiculous gift” for identifying automobile makes, models, and years). But it has never caused Dean to physically assault him before.
When they break apart, Castiel whispers against his lips, “My love… I’ll be whatever you need, whatever you desire. Forever.”
He pauses at the door and gathers the courage to open it, to face what he’s expecting to see outside.
They had spent the night in a cozy little cabin at a motor lodge in Phillipsville, both so exhausted they fell asleep almost as soon as their heads hit the pillows.
The plane lurches as it pulls away from the gate, but Dean doesn’t notice; the medication kicks in and the world fades to black.
"Nothing, my love. You're perfect." Cas smiles and squeezes his hands, releasing them as Dean blushes at the endearment.
After a moment Dean pulls back slightly to huff a small laugh against his lips. “So, that’s a no, then.” He grasps the lapels of Castiel’s coat and deftly switches their positions, pressing him against the door and placing warm hands on either side of his face; soft, sweet kisses against his lips, his cheeks, his forehead.
So he does the only thing he can - fight ‘em off until he can’t anymore, be torn apart, and presto-chango, respawn again at the beginning to repeat the whole process, like the world’s worst video game.
Sam clears his throat, breaking the spell, and Castiel — Cas — looks away sharply. “I’m just an accountant, remember?” he points out.
“Yeah!” Sam exclaimed, spinning to face both of them and thrusting the book toward them, the page opened to a picture of Alice wielding a sword against a hideous beast, captioned “Alice Battles the Jabberwock.” Sam jabbed a finger at the sword in Alice’s hand.
“I thought you had dispensed with covers,” Cas says, his dark voice husky and rough, as breathless as Dean feels.
, he thinks as he reaches over to turn on the shower and wash the ooze down the drain. Turning to the toilet, he sees a similar result and Dean quickly flushes it down, praying it doesn’t clog the toilet —
“Hey... Tracy?” Dean asked as she pushed the door open further and entered, then pushed himself slowly from the bed to meet her as she crossed the room, giving her a hug. “How’re you feeling?”
, Castiel continues, his fingernails running down Dean’s leg, then clamps a hand around his ankle. “Stay”.
Then Dean heard a low breathy moan as he felt Cas’ hot tongue sliding up the inside of his calf, the underside of his knee and inside of his thigh, and realized the sound was coming from him.
Dean regains his composure and grins like a schoolboy. "It's awesome! C'mon, let me show you…" Opening the car door, he launches his long legs over the frame and rises to his feet, closing the door and heading to the trunk.
“I can’t go, Sam,” he sighs, immediately embarrassed at how broken his voice sounds - but again, he doesn’t have the energy to care. “He’s gonna come back… he has to come back.”
James had miraculously appeared again, refilling the glasses without a word before disappearing to the other end of the bar. Dean grabbed the glass with shaking hands, downing it and setting the glass down, meeting Castiel’s glare in the mirror.
All the times Cas has been there for him; always returning, always accepting. Even when he’d had enough of Dean being stupid and bullheaded and finally walked away from him, all it took was a heartfelt prayer and Cas was back at his side. Just wanting him to be happy, and to accept that he was deserving of happiness.
but a private jet with a hot flight attendant or two waiting on him hand and foot would have made the trip marginally better, at least.
As he turned onto the street leading to his house, Dean was surprised to notice how tightly he was gripping the steering wheel, his knuckles white from the tension he was feeling.
Sam raised his hands in acknowledgment. “I know, I know… believe me.” His hands fell to his sides, head drooping. “But what if it doesn’t work? I… I don’t want to get his hopes up and find out it doesn’t work.”
One of the things he noticed during their stops on the way out here: one of the very few things Cas consistently consumed was toast with honey, and he always put honey in his tea. Living in London as he did, Dean thought maybe the crumpets would provide a taste of home.
What he looked like the last time he saw him — his smile; his eyes crinkled in laughter, teasing him as he and Eileen were about to head out on their… hunt, yeah.
“Listen, Cas… you know I love it when I wake up all warm and toasty with an armful of angel,” he drawled, picking at the collar of the coat for emphasis, “but honestly, this trench coat is killin’ the mood.”
Then Dean is cursing not having the forethought to stash some of the borax out in the living room as he finds himself hurled against the wall. Bright flashes of light dart in front of his eyes as his head smacks into it. He shakes himself off and leaps for the Leviathan, but he misses, stumbling to his knees and watching in horror as it dashes into the bedroom after Cas.
Even in Hong Kong, the universal sign of “pour me another” is easily interpreted, and the bartender complies with a sympathetic smile.
Distantly, he feels a strange tingle, that prickly feeling of someone watching him — but it’s oddly comforting, and in no time, he’s sound asleep.
Dean gasps for breath, straightens, and levels his most hateful glare at Roman. “Oh no, it’s definitely gonna be you. I’m
Dean swallows, mouth suddenly gone dry again, but finds enough of his voice to croak, “G’night, Castiel.”
They cross from the mountains into the grasslands with a stop in Grand Junction for gas and an obligatory coffee refill, the scenery switching from towering granite to barren expanses of golden prairie grass.
Cas has the window down, head relaxed against the door frame. His hair ruffles in the breeze, eyes slit and unfocused. His arm braced on the window frame, hand lazily floating up and down in the air currents generated by the car’s velocity. A soft, relaxed smile plays upon those full, pink lips that Dean so desperately wants to kiss right now.
“And the pie!” Jack adds, dashing over to the table to gather plates and begin cutting slices for everyone, while Sam jogs back over to his bench to gather the beer he’d brought over. Dean takes the opportunity to pull Cas to him, wrapping arms around him and brushing a kiss against his temple.
He slams his thumb on the redial button and places the phone to his ear, pacing the floor as the phone rings, a dark pit forming in his stomach.
“Dean, how do you feel?” Cas’ usual deep growling voice softened to a murmur and sent shivers down Dean’s spine, and he fervently hoped Sam didn’t feel it, but couldn’t imagine how he wouldn’t have considering practically his entire body was enclosed in his enormous paw.
“Cas, we need to…” he pauses, closing his eyes briefly and taking a deep breath before continuing. “I need to talk to you about what I asked you the other day.”
Dean stares blankly at the shards of glass glittering in the firelight, and hangs up the phone without a word.
But sadly, at least for now, those abilities are lost to him, Michael having stripped all but the barest amount of Grace necessary to not kill him before casting him back down.
Cas quietly sings along to the song playing through Baby’s speakers, fingers tapping on the wheel — a song from that musical… what was it… oh, yeah,
“Salt, holy water and oil, silver daggers. The machetes are made from iron but you also have these collapsible iron batons. Over here you have…”
Dean suddenly noticed a sharp stabbing pain in his leg. Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out his keychain, the one with the keys to the Impala. He dangled them in the air and shook them… then smacked Cas with the back of his hand to get his attention, and jingled the keys again.
The next few movements are performed in a daze, as Cas scoops his hands under Dean’s thighs and stands, Dean arms flying around Cas’ neck to keep from falling. Cas moves in front of the fireplace and the makeshift “nest” still placed there. He kneels and gently lies Dean back onto the nest and follows him down, covering him with his body, wings curling into a canopy over them. Cas’ eyes never leave his.
“I need you…” Castiel begins to rise, desperate to relieve Dean of his clothing, to feel Dean’s bare body against his.
His eyes land on the other side of the table where Cas is leaning back in his seat, eyelashes brushing his cheekbones and long fingers wrapped around a cup of tea, the very embodiment of contentment. To Dean’s utter lack of surprise, he begged off dinner, claiming a lack of appetite due to all the excitement.
“So… what’s the plan?” Dean asks as he releases Jo, then takes a deep breath. “Are we all gonna fit in the Impala? I mean, she’ll hold 5 but…” he trails off, the question obvious in his voice.
It takes a moment for Dean to realize she’s not talking about putting a sharpened piece of wood through his heart. “Excuse me?”
.” His green eyes, heavy-lidded and dark, his thumb stroking his cheek, kiss-swollen lips stretching into a languorous grin. “I told you… you would never hurt me. You can’t.”
Dean shrugged with a grin. "Sorry sweetheart, but it's the Mother Road! You gotta drive the Mother Road on a road trip, them's the rules!" He took Cas' hands in his, removing them from the keyboard and spinning Cas around to face him.
“Welcome back, love,” he whispered against Dean’s lips, feeling him relax as he drifted into slumber.
Taking a seat on the couch, he recounts the events that transpired - but leaves out the part where he recognized Castiel from his dreams. He still hasn’t figured out how to tell his brother about that without it sounding absolutely insane - and mortifying.
His dark hair, sleep tousled (apparently, generally tousled) and soft as feather down. Long dark lashes brushing his moonlight-pale cheeks. Lush, slightly chapped lips parted slightly in sleep (and he really needs to make him drink more water). Finely chiseled jaw, the beginnings of a five-o’clock shadow darkening the edges (do angels even need to shave?).
Cas' eyes flutter open and he springs upright, eyes darting to Dean in alarm, a hand flying to Dean's shoulder.
“Ah, ah!” Dean says, waggling a finger at him. “First, you’re gonna have to get some exercise. Don’t want you to fall into a food coma before we work out those wings.” Dean sets the other rabbit inside the cabin door, and moves to kneel in front of Feathers, who glances at the cabin door, then back at Dean with what can only be described as a resigned look.
dream you brought your wings out to play last night,” he chuckles, showing him the black iridescent feather held in his far hand. “And ‘b’, before you bring them out to play again, we need to do a little rearranging.”
Working as a team, they began mixing the ingredients - Castiel measuring out the dry ingredients into one bowl - one cup of sugar, pinch of the thyme, two cups of the Dahlia petals (nearly the whole jar), and two tablespoons of the peony petals; shredding the flower petals by hand for a more accurate measurement. Meanwhile, Sam coated several cupcake molds with the dragon fat, then measured out an additional half cup of the dragon fat into his bowl, chopped up a small portion of a mushroom for the “pinch of fungus” and a small sliver of the fugu, adding those to the dragon fat. Finally, using the syringe Castiel brought with the blood from the storeroom, measured out two milliliters of the dead man’s blood and squirted it into the bowl.
Flushed, flustered, and a bit turned on, he headed toward the sound, and now smell, of sizzling bacon.
He doesn’t fight it when Sam’s hand on his shoulder tightens and gently pulls him around into a hug. “I know, Dean… but we have to get you outta here.” Sam pulls back slightly, keeping his hands on Dean’s shoulders to steady him, but his face falls at whatever he sees on Dean’s. “You’re falling apart here, and you’re not doing Cas - or yourself - any good by staying here alone.” Sam’s face brightens. “Hey, the Bond - he should be able to find you with it, shouldn’t he?”
Thankfully, Cas gets it. “Calvin,” Cas says, taking Davis’ hand and giving it a solemn shake — up and down, twice, and a quick release — “You can call me Cal.”
Dean turns to Cas, throwing an arm over his shoulder. “Whadda ya say, sweetheart? Our first sunset…” he shakes the bag of food in his other hand, “and dinner on the West Coast?”
It was not only the first gift he’d ever received, it was the first piece of proof that Dean cared for him.
The dark, wild hair. Flashing blue eyes. Incredible jawline. And great, glorious, incandescent black wings.
“Anything you can tell us about this, Castiel?” Sam asks, his polite tone getting on Dean’s last nerve.
His persistence pays off, as he spies a red 2006 Beetle on the other side of the highway and slugs Dean’s arm.
Dean sets the juice box on the hood, stops Cas with both hands on either side of his face, and presses his lips to Cas’. It’s sweet and chaste, and Dean breaks it but doesn’t move far, leaning his forehead against Cas’.
“C’mon, babe. Let’s get outta here,” he says, smiling and squeezing Castiel’s hand, then guiding them to the door and out to the waiting Impala. Castiel glances down at their joined hands and wonders what he’s going to do now.
But he can practically hear her frown when she reads his proposal and the grin fades. “Dean, you're proposing to play in this game
“How do I feel?” Dean mused, his voice sounding somewhat tinny in his own ears. He imagined he probably sounded like a squeaky flea to them so turned up the volume. “I… fine, I guess?” He really had to get an assessment of the situation before he could make that judgment call.
With Dean this close, Castiel can barely string together a coherent thought, let alone an objection.
Bobby’s more than just Dean and Sam’s boss — he’s the closest thing they have to a father, after both their parents were killed during a raid on a shapeshifter nest.
Dean raises a shaky hand to drag a thumb over the angel’s frown. “‘m fine, Cas,” he slurs, another fit of coughing wracking his body, Cas clutching him closer as he rides it out and catches his breath after. “Feelin’... better.”
Dean all but shoved Sam toward the door, walking with him out into the hallway and curling a finger to bring him closer.
Dean releases a breath he didn't realize he was holding, and squeezes Cas' hand again with a little smile. Then he remembers the whole reason they stopped and opens the pictures Tonya took, Cas behind him looking over his shoulder.
“You’re going to have to palpate the area. Gently press around the injury to see if you can feel the break.”
“Hey guys, you look great! And wow, your Baby is GORGEOUS! What’s her name?” She claps a hand over her mouth in dismay. “Oh, of course, I shouldn’t assume gender. What’s your Baby’s name?”
It took some convincing to get Cas to wear street clothes for this trip; to give up the trench coat, the suit and tie which had become like armor to him over the years.
With a small squeeze, Cas drops Dean’s hand, then reaches to remove the crown from his own head, raising it high with whispered words of offering before crouching down to place it at the very edge of the fire.
When he finally finds his voice again, he says, “Cas… Cas, it’s okay,” giving him a smile he hopes conveys even a tiny bit of how warm and — happy? Yeah, happy — he is right now.
It’s everything Castiel has ever wanted and knew he would never have, and he desperately wants to relish the sudden reality of his desires coming to life before him, but the relevance of the witch’s last words rings in his ears. Castiel takes a deep breath and pulls back to catch Dean’s eyes. “Dean, tell me… what’s the last thing you remember?”
“Untouched, just as I promised,” he grins and turns the doorknob, opening the door and stepping inside to deposit Dean’s luggage on the neatly made bed.
Suddenly, swimming in his fading vision is Cas, hovering over him like the Angel of Death come to take him away. Dean feels Cas’ hands on his chest, yanking at the front fasteners of the vest, then ripping his shirt open. He’s certain it’s a hallucination, but he’s still grateful to see Cas one last time before he dies.
“I’ve packed beer, pie, condiments, sandwich fixings, chips, and a loaf of the bread I made yesterday in there,” he says, pulling back slightly to tilt his head toward the cooler. “And clothes and stuff already in the trunk. Whaddaya say we hit the road, sweetheart?”
Castiel returns Dean’s smile, then leans over to press his lips softly against it. “The primary purpose was to strengthen and solidify our Bond.”
Castiel reaches up to squeeze the hand on his shoulder. “Of course. Any preference?” he asks, leaning forward to open the glove box and remove the cassette container within.
Dean winces, his gaze shifting to the bird’s eyes, still so calm and blue. “This is gonna hurt, buddy. I’m so sorry.” He gives what he hopes is a comforting smile, and starts to press around the wound site. The bird shudders under his fingers but its eyes never leave Dean, which he finds somewhat disconcerting.
Cas' time in The Empty had given him the opportunity to consider all the things that were important to him and was unsurprised to discover Dean was at the top of that list.
, Dean grouses wearily to himself, raising his arm to block the light from hitting his overly sensitive eyes.
Cas pulls him closer. “Not necessarily.” He pauses and his voice drops to a whisper. “There’s another bedroom, you know.”
This time, Dean does kiss Cas’ neck and grins at Cas’ sharp intake of breath. “You just told me you want to take me back to our room and ravish me,” he whispers in his ear. “And right now, I’m telling you I’m going to let you.” He feels the shudder race down Cas’ back and, suppressing one of his own, slides his hand from Cas’ waist to his hand and leads him from the room.
“Ahhhhhh ffffuuuck Caaassss... “ Dean moans, the heat of Cas’ body surrounding him, the sensation almost overwhelming, but so, so incredibly
“No, I have just… hidden them, I suppose. They are still here but exist on a different plane of reality.”
“Dean, please... “ he whines, and Dean glances up to meet his gaze, the gold flecks in the green blazing with heat.
God did not answer him - or at least not directly. He later came to believe that God did speak to him that day, using a sandy-haired boy with kind green eyes and warm smile as His instrument. Dean found him there that day and knelt next to him, placing a tentative hand on his shoulder, the warmth radiating from him like a balm to Castiel’s agonized soul.
Glancing up at the bird, head tucked under his good wing and peacefully asleep, he found it hard to believe. But it all made sense.
with this, setting his fork down to wrap an arm around Cas’ shoulders and pull him in for a quick kiss to his cheek.
Yeah, Dean’s used to it; the contempt’s been thick around him ever since Ellen Harvelle-Singer, the new head of the American branch of the Men of Letters, sent him to the BMoL to be trained. His high marksmanship scores gained him a small amount of respect, but his brashness and devil-may-care attitude got him far less of it. However, Lady Antonia Bevell, the head of the British branch (and “Toni” to her friends, of which he was most decidedly
back. I’ll find a spell to remove the curse - I’m sure there has to be something in the Book of the Damned or Rowena’s notes…” Sam yawned mightily. “Just… let me get a few hours shut-eye…”
Sam was all but bouncing in the hallway, brandishing a book in his hand which he thrust into Castiel’s as soon as he straightened. Apparently unable to speak in his excitement, Sam jabbed a finger at a passage in the book listing ingredients for a cake and a potion, labeled in puzzlingly obvious fashion “Eat Me” and “Drink Me”, respectively.
to believe that. The thought of losing Dean after all they had been through, after all they had confided to each other, was too much to bear.
Dean thinks that sleep seems to have improved Castiel’s mood but not by much, as he’s currently glowering at Ellen from across the desk in Sam’s office.
“I’m gonna hit the shower,” he says, rising, and glances around the room until he finds what he’s looking for — the stack of take-out menus ubiquitous to motor inns with no room service. Ambling over to the stack, he rifles through them, coming upon one for a pizza joint just down the block. “I’m too bushed to go out, so I’m gonna order in some pizza and beer.” He glances up at Cas and crashes right into those blue eyes again, fastened upon him as if on a tether. It’s both a little unnerving — and hot as hell. Dean pushes down the flush he feels starting to crawl across his face.
Dean almost forgets that suggestion when Cas sucks his thumb into his mouth and bites gently, but nods as he releases it.
… written in an ancient language he recognized, but in a form of code he didn’t. He looked up from the page to give Sam a puzzled look.
Okay, yes, that was definitely a whine this time. Dean is far too excited at the prospect to care, and his dick is fully on board.
