“Perfectly fine.” John’s staccato tone betraying him as he sent a quick glare to Sherlock’s chair in lieu of Sherlock, before directing Coral to head out, following after her quickly.
However now, staring at the box of pills Sherlock had very unsubtly put next to the mugs, John wished that he could take back some of those things.
“It wasn’t even a date, you told her before you even got here that it wouldn’t work out between you.” He huffed, almost looking as if he wanted to stamp his foot petulantly.
“Why no- right of course, stupid question.” Lestrade interrupted himself when John gave him an almost withering glance.
John stood to greet her, presuming she was a client with a particularly interesting case, only to be interrupted before he could open his mouth.
“Not a stupid question at all Geoffrey.” A velvet voice spoke from behind them, causing both men to startle, “Though a more interesting question would be how you knew the answer to it, without John saying a word. Clearly this is some sort of discussion you’ve had before.” With a deep sigh both John and Greg turned to face the imposing detective, readying themselves for the onslaught to come. “So much so that the answer is not only known, but also something that has been true for long enough that it could now be known as an obvious fact.” His eyebrows scrunched together in contemplation, “But going by my observations it has only been one month and thirteen days that John has ceased romantic activity, and given how long it takes for John to arrive at epiphanies about his own person, that isn’t enough time for whatever the answer is to be so obvious that Gaston would feel foolish for not realising immediately. I’m missing something.”
“If you’re going to try and disguise yourself as restaurant goer, might I suggest actually eating something?” He called to the shadows, from which a very put out looking Sherlock emerged.
“Lessened! Advanced! Importance!” John could not believe what he was hearing, nor could he believe just how calm Sherlock looked whilst throwing these accusations at his face. He decided to go with me most confusing of them, “What the hell do you mean by lessened masturbatory sessions? Have you been tracking how often I- I can’t even say it, that’s such a... what does that even mean?”
“Do you think he...?”
It was another two months before Sherlock began digging again. Long enough that John had gone back to being comfortable in openly loving Sherlock and disinterested in anyone else. If he were an artist, he knew he would have a hundred sketchbooks filled with parts of Sherlock’s anatomy in action. His fingers steepled in thought, his eyes bright as a connection was forms, his hair in the wind, his lips... him, in every beautiful moment that existed in every second John spent gazing at the younger man. If he were a poet he’d have composed more sonnets each day than words Shakespeare had used in every single one his works together. But he was neither of those things, so instead he settled for making Sherlock tea when asked, cheering him on from the sidelines as his brain raced through the mazes of mystery they face regularly, and being the best friend he could be to Sherlock.
WARNING: Some discussions of a sexual nature happen in this chapter. Nothing actually happens, but there are mentions of dicks, so you’ve been warned.
(See the end of the chapter for
Another.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wait what?” Confusion bled into John’s voice, synapses not firing on the same lines as Sherlock.
It wasn’t until they were in the cab on the way to whichever restaurant Sherlock had chosen for them before he spoke again.
If you liked this story, please let sherlocksmolmes know over on tumblr on the 30th when the voting for the #keepjohnlockalivecompetition starts!
“Why did you put a box of viagra next to the mugs?” John pressed, having a fairly good idea of what was going through the intelligent idiots’ head.
But back to why John’s morning seemed to be ruining his carefully built layers of camouflaged feelings. Sherlock had decided that the information he was receiving was not coming fast enough, so took it upon himself to dig deeper. All well and good were it not for the fact that the way he chosen to do this had been sat in the detective’s lap in their lounge room, looking thoroughly shagged out and undressed enough that she might be getting ready for a second (or third, going by the noises John had been subjected to earlier) round.
“Well, given your recent disinterest in the opposite sex, lessened masturbatory sessions and advance in age I figured you were just uncomfortable about confronting your impotence, so I thought, being your friend, I would buy some... aids for you.”
John had felt a sudden rush of cold beginning a the back of his neck and spreading down his spine, as unpleasant a feeling as if he had poured the dessert in his hand down the back of his shirt. No. This wasn’t the moment. A beat of silence and John contemplated whether he would turn around.
Because of this, and a deep desire to do so, John loved Sherlock openly and without restriction, not holding himself back from laying praise and heartfelt compliments upon the mad bastard as he saw fit. And were this love of a familial fashion, or that of a dear friend, then that would have been enough. No need for hidden dealings, or the smoke and mirrors used in careful diversions of a genius detective. No, John’s heart burned, a yearning behind each stolen glance, and desperate pain built into the drum of his blood with every smile Sherlock carelessly threw his way.
was after
Holmes took out the keys, and we entered through a narrow side door. Being thus constrained to hide, having driven under veil of night across the whole city to this crude shelter in order to just be ourselves, didn’t depress me in the least. On the contrary, it aroused me even more. The blood pounded in my veins, heat flooding my lower belly as I followed my Holmes along the maze of dark, dingy corridors. His hand was quivering, gripping mine tightly; he was as tense with pent-up desire. While we could only dream of living openly, of our union being acknowledged and respected, not persecuted, in the existing circumstances our love life certainly didn’t lack excitement.
“I’m afraid he died during the night, sir,” I replied. “I operated on him, but his injuries proved to be fatal. The undertaker departed with him an hour ago.”
I waited while he scribbled a more lengthy message. Upon reading it, I shook and clamped a hand over my mouth to suppress a gasp. Tears pricked my eyes again, my heart hammering wildly. Even now I can see a few lines of Mycroft’s smooth handwriting as if they were right before me:
Now to Holmes.
Another amusing point: since Watson hadn’t planned to spend the night not at home, he obviously didn’t have anything with him. It was Holmes who had packed the carpet bag. He must have taken for himself his nightshirt, his dressing-gown, etc. He couldn’t have predicted meeting Watson at the den—Watson ended up there by mere chance and accepted Holmes’s invitation.
John let out a long-suffering groan, shaking his head, and we roared with laughter. His eyes sparkled, full of mirth, the crinkles in their corners like rays of sun. There were small dimples on his cheeks which had begun to regain their softness. I shall never forget it for as long as I live. Whatever trials life may bring in the future, that warm sunny day in late spring of 1894 shall remain a treasure in my brain-attic.
“The Professor’s younger brother now slanders Mr. Holmes in every paper,” Mrs. Hudson said with a tired sigh.
“Ha. There
“Nothing, just felt a bit dizzy,” he said, struggling to smile.
In twenty minutes, clerks of the City and Suburban Bank were squinting suspiciously at Holmes and me while Swinsby was getting the contents of his vault. My uniform was so filthy in the back that brushing had been useless—it had to be washed. Mrs. Hudson would not be amused. Taking into account the disastrous state of our sitting-room, I decided not to risk her wrath and do it myself.
To tell the truth, I wasn’t sure whether the Colonel’s invitations had been just friendly—that’s why I had declined them while they had been for me alone. But since in the latest letter the Colonel wrote that he would be glad to receive Holmes as well, I surmised there would be no harm in it. My partner would have much-needed recreation in the country, and his presence would spare me the awkwardness of having to refuse any unwanted advances.
The small dagger in his hand was none other than the one I had so recently presented him.
“You could let me kill the Inspector and try to apprehend me, Holmes. But no, you and the doctor are too noble for that, of course,” Saville sneered. “Then I shall accomplish something even the great Professor Moriarty could not. What a way to go!”
“Mr. Holmes,” John replied with deference.
Originally posted on Jul 19th, 2018
And of course, the moment Gibson raises his fist in a fit of fury, Watson is on his feet, ready to protect Holmes, and Holmes doesn’t turn a hair.
After a brief pause he let me in, his cheeks flushed a little. He was in his nightshirt and dressing-gown. There was a tell-tale tenting of the nightshirt—his prick was at a half-stand under it. He smiled ruefully as my gaze travelled from his groin to the lowest drawer of the bedside table where we kept a phallus-shaped toy we occasionally used. The drawer was slightly open.
“Definitely. This also implies that the clock wasn’t a part of a time-bomb either. Perhaps it was used as a hiding place for a primitive bomb or someone simply poured gunpowder inside the case.”
“Why, yes. If a perceptive, wise lady and a licensed doctor of medicine believed my acting, it should most certainly work on Smith.” Holmes chuckled and rubbed his hands, clearly oblivious to my growing wrath. “My plan went a bit awry, though: you were supposed to keep your distance. No matter. Go fetch him. Tell him I’m at my last breath and wish to speak to him before I die. He won’t miss an opportunity to gloat.”
By the end of the month our condition had marginally improved. On the last day of April we were re-arranging our archives and John was glancing through his old notes. He had abandoned writing completely, including his diaries. Nonetheless, describing on paper everything he deemed important had helped him after Maiwand. It occurred to me that this method might work now, too. I asked him very gently if he would consider writing about the past three years for me. He didn’t give me any definite answer, but from that evening he diligently spent an hour each day at his desk, and on the fourth of May presented me with the result. The significance of the date didn’t escape me.
John stared at me indignantly, having understood at once that I intended to continue the travel under my real identity, acting as bait.
I kicked the pile of presents at the foot of the Christmas tree and they scattered about, rattling and ringing. While Saville was confused momentarily by the commotion, Lestrade saw his chance to hit him in the ribs and push him away. Saville bolted off; I darted after him, and Lestrade followed. Finding his way easily in the dark reaches of the store, Saville made abrupt changes of direction, jumped over the furniture, and tried to disappear from sight, but I was always at his heels. Twice he shot over his shoulder indiscriminately, and when that failed to produce results, he turned to aim. That was when I caught up with him, grabbed him by the hand, and twisted it until he let go of the pistol. He began to struggle, but I knocked him out with a left hook.
We went to the bathroom where he prepared for me a hot bath with essential oils. He undressed me, and I submitted myself to his ministrations, for he enjoyed it as much as I did. When we settled in the bath, he washed me thoroughly, lovingly. His hands almost made me forget the problems which weighed on my mind, yet I had to stay alert.
Why was I living and breathing? What for? After Maiwand he had helped me to find an answer, but now he was gone, gone. He had done it out of love. I may have returned home, but my heart remained at those wretched falls. And what was home without him?
Gradually the hills began to steepen; soon one could hear the crashing billows of the sea and the cries of seagulls in the distance. The road climbed higher until we found ourselves driving along the precipitous chalky coast of the South Downs. The dazzling white of the cliffs contrasted with the saturated blue of the sky, and far below waves in perpetual motion were frothing against the shore. It was a breathtaking sight.
“Thanks to his travels, Smith is well-acquainted with a number of rare tropical diseases. One of them, the so-called atypical Sumatran malaria, has practically the same symptoms as the current influenza, except that it is not airborne and invariably kills within three or four days. Convenient, isn’t it? A person dies of malaria in the influenza-stricken city and that raises no questions whatsoever. Simply genius!
In the distance there were a few other soldiers loitering around and striking up conversations with passers-by. A young corporal, a fresh-faced lad, was having a lively chat with a trim, fashionable civilian about thirty. The man was clean-shaven; he had curled fair hair, languid brown eyes, an upturned fleshy nose, and a sensual mouth. His smouldering gaze seemed to be undressing his companion as they spoke. The dandy perfectly matched the description Holmes had given me.
“That is Fulworth, the closest village, two miles from here,” Sherlock gestured to the east where in a hollow by the bay a small settlement sat in a semicircle of cheerful houses. “We can dine in the pub there after bathing. And the estate over there is called The Gables,” he pointed at the grand Tudor mansion about half a mile from us. “It is owned by one Harold Stackhurst, a local squire, and was turned into a coaching establishment five years ago.”
Since the story was published in 1923, the concept of Holmes’s retirement as a beekeeper had already been introduced. So here’s the continuity is supported by Watson mentioning that CREE is “one of the very last cases handled by Holmes before his retirement” and Holmes remarking casually, “It’s surely time that I disappeared into that little farm of my dreams”.
The thought of John, safe and informed, was a great consolation. Soon after Mycroft had let him know, I checked on John myself, in heavy disguise and keeping well distant. He seemed to be carrying on with his life; no drinking, gambling or anything of the sort. Seeing him across the street and staying away from him was agonising, yet it had to be enough.
“No fever,” he muttered, relieved a little. “You must soak your feet as soon as we return, and I’ll ask Mrs. Hudson for some chicken soup. It will warm you up thoroughly.”
I wish to be as sincere with my darling. Yet when I try, I get a lump in my throat, and words won’t come out. Committing them to paper should be easier. I hadn’t kept a journal since that day at the Reichenbach Fall, but now, perhaps, it is time to resume the practice. Facing what has happened should help us both heal.
“The same to you, Inspector,” Holmes replied warmly.
“I’ll have to leave the country for now. I need to recover and come up with a plan until I return.”
(Celtic passion vs infinite patience)
“She will be all right. I prescribed her rest until tomorrow. Her blood pressure was too high but it should return to normal,” I said softly.
She shook her head as I passed her on my way out. Her disapproval would not dissuade me, although I knew how distressed she was. It reminded me of my brother again—reasoning with him had been useless.
I mean, isn’t it mind blowing? Holmes asks him to get out of his hair, and then deduces that Watson spent the day in the club because he had nowhere else to go. John H. Watson is a cinnamon roll and must be protected at all costs. (Which Holmes did and which resulted in the Hiatus and much angst).
Later in the morning we proceeded as usual: Holmes busied himself with his scrapbooks while I retreated behind a fresh issue of
“You’re surprised to see me, sir,” I croaked, weak in my knees.
Taking into account all of the above, I’m pretty sure that
“You are going too far,” John demurred. “He supported you all this time. He did what he deemed best to protect you, even if it included keeping me in the dark. You’re judging him too harshly. He too is human.”
,  @handbasketofdreams,
I slapped him on the cheeks lightly to bring him to his senses. Wiggins grunted with displeasure, stirred, and nearly fell from the chair he had been deposited on. His eyes flew open; cursing, he sat upright and blinked like an owl. As his gaze regained its focus and halted upon me, Wiggins gave a violent start.
I offered John some of my books, and the moment he turned around to examine the gap on the book-shelf I had pointed out, I finally threw off the wig and the side-whiskers and straightened myself out.
“We don’t have that much time.”
“All night I didn’t sleep a wink, racking my brain how to give Mr. Holmes a clue. In the morning I picked up a discarded broken clock, put some gunpowder into it, and adjusted its hands. Through acquaintances I found out the address of Dr. Watson’s practice.
“Please, please don’t apologise,” he blurted out as he turned to meet my gaze. “It was so beautiful. I loved it. It’s just… play it another time, when we’re both in a better place?”
”? Wasn’t it a bit too early?
”—that’s about the readers, unless Watson uses the royal “we”. Holmes’s reason for taking on this mission (which the narrator wants us to believe to be a singular instance rather than one of many) is also quite unconvincing. Holmes agreed because the Foreign Minister and the Prime Minister asked him? In
“They shall chase us at every turn if we venture outside,” John grumbled.
“Yes, the messages were a godsend,” he replied. “Let’s hope that all goes well tonight.”
“I…” Holmes choked. “I didn’t mean to… I had no idea she would…”
Mrs. Hudson seemed to have regained her composure in the cab on our way home.
“And it’s highly unlikely that he has a marriage in prospect,” added a small, nasty voice in my head.
While Mycroft listened to my stilted narrative, not a muscle moved upon his face. I forced myself to meet his piercing gaze, even though I could hardly bring myself to do it. I had failed Sherlock. I had failed to observe. I had failed to help. I was the reason Sherlock had sacrificed himself.
“I regret more than ever writing those blasted notes,” he said listlessly.
Having consumed Mrs. Hudson’s delicious breakfast, we took our carpet-bags and strolled to the gymnasium, enjoying the crisp morning air. It was a good warm-up before our vigorous exercise. Keeping fit requires diligence as one gets older, so we sparred until we were drenched in sweat and flushed with exertion. I had to restrain myself not to ogle Holmes with his hair askew, his nostrils flaring and his cheeks coloured, his damp shirt clinging to his chest… At the same time, his gaze travelled along my body, titillating me. That was the usual peril of our training together. Ever since our reunion we found it a bit too difficult to be discreet in such instances.
. The flow of incoming correspondence made us wonder if it would be necessary to hire a secretary. On one occasion, we were mobbed in Kensington Gardens when we sneaked out for a stroll. I realised that in the observable future I wouldn’t be able to work discreetly without a disguise.
Once he adjusted and was comfortable, I fucked him faster, pumping his stiff cock at the same rhythm. His heat was welcoming, comforting; it engulfed me as I buggered him harder and harder. Stroking his cock, I could feel the swollen veins against my palm. John’s stifled moans turned into whimpers, for he was barely managing to keep his voice quiet. Even though our household knew about us and faithfully guarded our secret, being loud would never do at Baker Street. We could neglect discretion in one of my hiding places, but in our flat we were gentlemen.
Dear me, Watson, your obvious is showing. Either you forgot to edit the former statement or you left it that way deliberately for your perceptive readers. Then again, she could have given Holmes a double room suite with a bed in each room, but that would’ve been superfluous, right? Since Holmes had intended to be there alone and met Watson at the den after the arrangements had been made.
editor, and the next day it was on the front page. Meanwhile I needed to black out again, to be rid of the thoughts swarming in my head. But it turned out that I had accomplished the feat of depleting all reserves of alcohol in the house. I rang the bell and asked Mrs. Hudson to send Jenny for replenishment.
The following is the passage which was already touched upon in another post and its tags. I second that it was totally a good use of two hours, because Holmes whistling and singing? That I’d love to see!
The house was surrounded by a beautiful orchard, well-tended and obviously cared for with love. Both spouses must have put their hearts into it. The four walls often became too oppressive, and then I would roam among the trees and flowers which were in full summer bloom. Life ebbed and flowed as if nothing had happened. Its exuberance was poignant.
I stared at him dumbly.
“I am already an accomplice, aren’t I? If I’m arrested, I’m done for anyway. One hardly gets back out of Her Majesty’s prison with such charges.”
“You have done very well, John,” I said, trying not to ogle him. “The case is solved. Tomorrow you and I shall visit Colonel Warburton and help him to untangle himself from the situation he was forced into.”
“He’s a bachelor, and apart from the trusty servants, there is no one else in the house,” I explained soothingly. “And he knows about us. He himself happens to have been involved with men.”
?” I hissed.
When Watson rebukes him,
That was actually a good idea. Hot dry air would chase away the pain from Watson’s old wounds.
And finally, that famous phrase Holmes says in conclusion:
Their relationship had been steady for six years when Sherlock finally relented and agreed to introduce Watson to me. I had a minor case on my hands which served as a pretext for Sherlock’s visit to the Diogenes Club.
Despite its shortcomings, that little book had a great deal of value, for it offered a good insight into the doctor’s character. Romantic, self-effacing, he had a dry sense of humour and a knack for obfuscation too. The real circumstances of the case were cleverly disguised. Sherlock’s finest qualities were lauded whereas the darker aspects, such as his mood swings and drug addiction, were glossed over. Sherlock might fail to perceive it, yet the book was a love letter to him. Watson was undeniably a man of passion, and that was what worried me most.
He turned onto his stomach and parted his legs slightly. The invitation was impossible to withstand, so I climbed on top of him and pressed myself to him. Sweat was pouring from us as I rubbed my prick along the cleft of his arse and then pushed it between his thighs. He welcomed my thrusts with contented grunts; his inner thighs were hot and moist, and his scrotum against my prick just perfect. Tension was growing in him quickly, and I could feel the first tremors in his body beneath mine. A quick release after a long day would do him good indeed. An extended pleasure would be sweeter still. I paused, catching my breath.
“Oh, come. You are a highly skilled professional. Those petty police-court conundrums are not your level. You’ve grown out of them long ago.”
“The Turkish bath?” he suggested.
to see you. The thought of you out there, risking your life every second… I had to bring you back, if only for a few hours. And soon enough, a chance presented itself. You are not angry?”
Back at home he spent the rest of the day in deep meditation with the old black clay pipe between his lips and the Persian slipper at his side. When I retired for the night, I was surprised that he followed me soon after and didn’t stay up as used to be his wont. This was one of the changes in him, seemingly small and insignificant but in actuality of great importance, which made me love him even more. Through such subtle things he showed how he cherished the time we were granted together. Now we both had learned to treasure it, for we had realised that it was as finite as were our very lives.
Glad to hear that, I took in the darkened hall for the last time. I had worked so hard to establish my practice and lead a normal life. It was sad to leave it all behind, but nothing would have measured against the regret of parting with Holmes.
“Yes,” John said simply.
“Do you think he’ll pull through, Doctor?” Stamford asked after a draw.
. As a result, Sherlock dropped out of the university as well and would have followed his former lover abroad, had the said lover explicitly asked him not to.
“Very well, the doctor shall be spared.”
Or the case of a husband who disappeared without trace. No, Hastings doesn’t meet Poirot at an opium den, but instead Inspector Japp brings this case to Poirot and makes a bet that Poirot won’t be able to solve it without leaving his flat. Poirot takes on the challenge, calling himself
John did make good on his promise to advertise his practice for sale shortly after his birthday. Thinking of a way to be rid of it quickly and at the price John wished, I remembered a young doctor, a distant relative of mine. Horace Verner was a second cousin once removed, with an anglicised surname, yet christened in honour of our celebrated French ancestor. Last I had heard of the chap, in 1890, he had been employed as an assistant to a country practitioner somewhere in Shropshire. I sent a letter to Verner’s mother who informed me that he had recently married and was struggling to keep up a meagre practice of his own in Southsea. I made further inquiries to his former employer and learned that Verner was a competent and hard-working physician. In short, he was an ideal candidate. Under the pretext of congratulating him upon his recent marriage, I contacted him and offered to establish him in London at my own expense if he would be amenable to taking over the practice of my dear friend. As one might expect, Verner’s reply was prompt. He thanked me profusely for such a generous wedding gift and agreed with my stipulation that he not mention my involvement to Dr. Watson when writing to him.
His long, pale fingers clutched the revolver. I lifted my gaze to the patient’s face. Ashen, his lips bluish, Sherlock smiled.
“Ah, and Doctor,” Mycroft Holmes called out as I turned to leave. “Regarding your recent article, you mixed up the names of the Moriarty brothers. It was the Professor who was James, not the Colonel. The younger brother is actually your namesake John.”
I followed John upstairs, stepping as quietly as I could. The door to our bedroom was slightly open. I stopped just outside it, watching John through the narrow slit. John was unbuttoning his tunic slowly, a complacent smile still playing upon his lips. The whiteness of his shirt contrasted with the scarlet of his tunic; with his neck and chest exposed, he looked debauched, and yet I knew that this wanton officer belonged only to me.
“But it’s true.” His eyes were earnest. “My colleagues even held a consultation on the matter—there’s nothing wrong with me except that I forget to eat and have bouts of insomnia. I worked, worked as much as I could because I dreaded idle hours. You said once that work was the best antidote to sorrow.”
He had moved to Kensington, having purchased a larger practice. Mycroft had ensured the reliability of his new household and had taken Mrs. Hudson under his wing too. Moran’s people were on the look-out, but as long as I remained dead to the world, the gang posed no danger to those dear to me.
Besides his mentor Dr. Patrick Heron Watson, ACD had a friend in Southsea, Dr. James Watson, so it’s unsurprising that ‘James’ popped up in his memory instead of ‘John’.
Cursing myself for giving him such a shock, I undid his collar and loosened his necktie. The search for brandy or any drinkable alcohol in that consulting-room proved to be fruitless. There was none. I didn’t venture as far as the dispensary but stumbled upon smelling salts in one of the drawers of his desk.
It was a moment of epiphany. I could not go on hurting John. Ending our relationship was not an answer: that would serve only to put him (and me) on the path of self-destruction. It was out of the question. But I could try and mend the damage—I had to do everything in my power to make John happy, be it abandoning cocaine or learning to keep regular hours. I had to become a better partner for him. From that point forward, it became my resolve.
My Watson joined me, and having reclined on a marble seat, we kissed at leisure. Then languor caught up with us, so we rested, sweating copiously. I savoured John’s scent and the sensation of his skin against mine. In the common rooms it wouldn’t be prudent to gaze overtly at his body glistening with perspiration. Here I didn’t have to restrain myself, admiring the curve of his neck, his chest with a smattering of gold-brown hair, his taut belly, his narrow loins and sturdy legs.
was published, Greenhough Smith asked for a Christmas story, remembering how warmly the public had received
borrowing becomes awkward because for a man who prefers to solve cases avoiding leg work it’s rather out character. As they proceed with their plan at night, we learn that Poirot visited the blackmailer’s house earlier under a false identity to ensure an easy access later. No, he didn’t get engaged to a maid but fooled the housekeeper. Points to Holmes for using his charm. Points to Poirot for not breaking a girl’s heart. I guess he didn’t have the looks?
And of course, at the conclusion of the case Watson’s patience is rewarded:
“Sherlock!”
“I’m sorry about the children, but had I succeeded, the end would have justified the means. Others shall come in my stead,” Saville cried, losing his composure. “This government must fall! The monarchy must fall, for it has outlived its usefulness. It treats its finest people as canon-fodder and idolises such fools as General Gordon—”
For a few minutes he was contemplating something, and after that his furrowed brow cleared.
My heart racing, I gave him a sovereign. The boy scurried away with a gleeful shriek, and I jumped to my feet. Having no idea where Upper Swandam Lane was, I hailed a cab. It turned out to be not very far, a vile alley behind the wharves full of drunken sailors and streetwalkers even in the morning. My destination was an opium den of the lowliest kind, a real cesspit for the worst dregs of society.
Subdued moans were escaping John’s lips too as he was pushing into my welcoming body. I wished to embrace him, but he grasped my wrists and pinned my hands over my head. I could have come at that very moment. We both enjoyed occasionally a bit of manhandling, and our role-playing turned out to be rather
“Indeed I am,” he replied, motioning me into the chair opposite to himself.
He is ready to do anything to protect her in spite of being in the dark:
“I’m fine,” he replied hoarsely, his paleness and furrowed brow belying his words.
I’ve finished watching the entire series of Poirot and now am onto some short stories and novels. While Arthur Conan Doyle admitted that Holmes was inspired by Edgar Allan Poe’s Dupin, Poirot, in his turn, is heavily influenced by Holmes, especially in early works. Let’s have a closer view, taking as examples three short stories.
Despite myself I was fidgeting and drumming my fingers upon the rough plastered wall until my agitation grew so great that I could hardly stand still. I paced up and down the room, consumed by obsessive conjectures and losing my grasp on reality. Suddenly a firm hand upon my elbow made me stop in my tracks.
I sat in my armchair by the fire, smoking, as the first day at home without Sherlock was drawing to a close. Our sitting-room hadn’t suffered much from the arson, and thanks to Mrs. Hudson’s endeavours, changes were hardly noticeable, although Sherlock would have begged to differ, no doubt. The cushion in his vacant armchair was rumpled, and his old clay pipe lay on the mantelpiece. His violin was in the corner, half-hidden under music sheets with an unfinished air he had been composing. Everything spoke of his presence, as if he were here, in London, and not… I sprang to my feet and paced around the room, struggling to shake off the image of the roaring stream and sharp rocks, of the smudged footsteps on the path, of the horrible, bottomless abyss. But my thoughts kept running in circles. I shouldn’t have left Sherlock there alone. I should have seen through the ruse. Or I should have insisted that he come with me. How utterly stupid and blind I had been.
Watson offers little insight in solving this case (or makes it appear so by downplaying his own input to give Holmes all the spotlight). Nevertheless, again Holmes won’t make any major steps without him.
Watson practically flaunts himself as a flaming bi, describing first Sir James (“
I had enough time to study him, sitting by his side. He was definitely not a common criminal: his impeccable haircut, the natural paleness of his complexion, his clean shaven cheeks, all bespoke a gentleman. There was nobility in his strong-set, aquiline features, even though he wasn’t conventionally handsome. His chin had the prominence and squareness which mark the man of determination. He was lean, all sinew and muscle like a whippet, with long limbs and a graceful build. During the initial examination, I had noticed puncture marks along his arms—a morphinist or cocainist, no doubt. Perhaps that was the reason he was pursued. He had the hands of an artist, with thin, chiselled fingers. Those fingers were blotted with ink and stained with chemicals. Was he an apothecary whose dispensary was involved in unlawful activities? That still didn’t explain why a black carriage had been after him, rather than the police.
“Then first—”
Holmes put down his lens, leaned back in the chair, and pressed his fingertips together.
“Challenges are refreshing. Ready?”
“I see that certain subtle forces have been at work here,” Mycroft said, eyeing John from head to foot. “It’s a pity you allow your reason to be clouded by such things, Sherlock. I did hope that someday you would learn.”
“Yes, the injured did mention his name before he died—he indeed called himself Mr. Stark Munro. I have already been interrogated by
“Then I beg you not to publish them for now,” I replied.
My heart fluttered. Those inhuman creatures thrived on torturing their victims into madness with the pains they inflicted on the body and horrors on the mind. I had had a brief encounter with their savagery in Afghanistan, and I would never be whole again. Barely breathing, I was cold with slimy sweat.
“Patience,” I said, smiling, disentangled myself from under his nightshirt, and rose.
If only it were possible to turn back time. I should have guarded Openshaw as the apple of my eye: danger had been dogging his every step, and by some miracle he had managed to make it to me. Any sensible person would have realised at once that he should have been hidden in a safe place, not urged to run around alone at night. I had prided myself on my instincts. Had there been any, Openshaw would have lived.
“When shall I move out?” he asked in a sad, resigned voice.
“Have you slept at all?” I asked.
“Oh, very well. Whatever pleases the birthday boy.”
“Glad to hear it,” Holmes replied, his eyes glinting mischievously. “And cheer up, my dear boy. Did you really think I would allow anything,” he pressed my hand, “
There was a glimpse of Holmes’s heart, a crack in the marble, as Jeremy Brett called it, and then Holmes retreats behind his shield of humour and cynicism. The point he makes is so true—they’re both crazy in a sense, because there’s no limit for him, and his Watson will follow him headlong into any mad endeavour to keep him safe.
“It’s Colonel Moriarty, sir,” she said, her voice tense with suppressed anger.
And I was there to pick up the pieces. All of my reasoning fell on deaf ears; Sherlock didn’t listen to any of it. He took to drugs. He ran off with an amateur theatre company and traipsed around the country for a year, until he became of age and could receive his part of the humble inheritance from our parents. Without a degree, without systematic education, without much knowledge of the world Sherlock decided that he would be a private investigator. To work with the police! To be mixed up in various sordid matters, such as thefts, blackmailing, and murders! Definitely not a career a gentleman should pursue. I was outraged yet unable to do anything about it. At that point we almost stopped to communicate.
Amidst our shared gloom, struggling with nightmares and mood swings, we sought consolation in making love. More often than not my body failed me. I would remain limp despite fervently desiring John and needing him. At first John was reluctant to have me in such a state, but soon he was persuaded otherwise, for it was immensely comforting for us both.
“I almost regret clashing with Moriarty,” I admitted.
“This time no charges will be pressed, and there will be no trouble. But you have to be careful. These vultures only profit from such kind of thing.”
“Come, you need to dress up,” he muttered and grasped my hand.
In spite of his disgruntled mood, Mycroft considerately remained at the Diogenes Club while I went to see John through the secret underground tunnel which led to Mycroft’s flat in Pall Mall, across the street. It has always been a special pleasure to surprise John. The expression on his face was priceless when I walked into the drawing-room, with no sound from either the front door or the back-door. The next moment I was in his arms. As ever, being apart and worrying about each other had the predictable effect on us. We discussed our impromptu continental holiday somewhat later, in bed.
The glimmer of his candle was like a beacon in the vortex of blackest thoughts. Gazing at it, I drifted off little by little, and then found myself on the Embankment near Waterloo Bridge. It was one of the small landing-places for river steamboats; at this hour and in such foul weather there was nobody around. The bridge was still quite crowded, but this area would be practically unseen from there. Below the steep pier the muddy waters of the Thames were swollen with the endless torrents that kept pouring from the dark sky. I turned around at the sound of the approaching four-wheeler. The cab stopped a few yards away from me, and a moment later a familiar stately figure got out. It was John Openshaw. Deadly pale, he was followed by a rough fellow who was pointing a pistol at him. They seemed not to notice me. No matter how I wished to help Openshaw, I was as if frozen to the spot, my body refusing to obey me. All I could do was watch. The rogue made Openshaw walk to the very edge of the pier.
But eventually we had our reward for all the difficulties. The beach was covered with fine shingles stretching towards the horizon, waves lapping at the shore and shimmering in the sun. Several fishing-boats were tiny specks far away on the sea. At the base of the cliffs there was a curious maze of shallow caves and grottos, and the shoreline curved near some of them, forming natural swimming-pools.
“He was so young. He could have been saved had it not been for my incompetence.”
“Very well, we shall make do with our excellent home-made article.” He rose to his feet. “Come, darling, let me help.”
“Is Sherlock Holmes your real name?”
Stunned, I remembered the conversation we had had after the ballet. My dramatic tirade about being disgraced and forever shunned from polite society because of him… how it must have hurt him. I had gone as far as mentioning my regiment and the supposed punishment my army pals would inflict on me. What rubbish. Of all people, military men would be the last ones to judge for such a thing. Both Holmes and I knew that perfectly well. Confound my drunk blabbering.
4) The struggles of Holmes’s young cousin are based on ACD’s experiences when he worked in Shropshire and Southsea in his early days. “A young doctor, named Verner”, who bought Watson’s practice and was “a distant relation of Holmes” is such a great Easter egg ACD put in NORW.
My brother is also a proud man. Therefore, when Sherlock had a wish to improve his living conditions, he refused any kind of help from me. He was compelled to search for a flatmate and thus met John H. Watson.
“I want to leave here,” he said, his voice catching a little. “I can’t stand this place any longer. I want to go home.”
“I’m hungry for your cock in me,” he whispered as he pressed me to the locked door behind us. “You gave me such an erotic dream.”
“Stop fussing, Watson, I’m all right,” I said and sneezed once more.
“We’ll stop if it hurts,” John whispered, seeing my concern. “But let’s try. I want you so much.”
And a quick note on how Watson, our dear flaming bisexual, never fails to appreciate good looks in people, even if they are crooks through and through:
“I don’t remember. I was busy.”
“Mycroft, a little bird told me that John has been drinking,” I said.
“Why would you do such a stupid thing as falling in love again? The first time—with that university fellow—didn’t teach you a thing.”
By the small hours my wounded leg—which hadn’t minded mountain hiking in Switzerland—was aching and cramping up. Somehow I found myself in Sherlock’s room. He hadn’t been sleeping there often, preferring to do so in my room with me, but the pillow on his narrow bed still carried his scent. I must have drifted off, for it was already a bleak, grey morning when I was woken by being shaken carefully by the shoulder.
“I didn’t wish to sadden you, my dear fellow,” he said.
“You have a new case?” I asked, watching through the opened door as he threw his belongings haphazardly into his portmanteau.
“Considering the Wilde ordeal last year, should we need to get out of town in a hurry again, at least we’ll have our own place,” I remarked.
The newspapers were as boring as they had been before John Hector McFarlane had come running to our door. Lestrade’s shrewdness was praised everywhere, of course. Someday I’ll set the matter right. When I write up this case, I won’t change the names of its participants. Since McFarlane’s reputation was restored by the press, he shouldn’t mind, I think.
“You lead a retired life, don’t you, Colonel?” Holmes asked as the three of us were chatting merrily at the table.
off.”
“I suspect that some of them won’t show up again. They’d rather pay more to my neighbour than risk being associated with me,” I said with a shrug.
“Our vows are renewed, I take it,” he murmured. “Do you promise then that you’ll stop advising me to find myself a wife whenever a fit of black mood is upon you?”
Holmes flushed up, hectic spots spreading across his cheeks. He recoiled from me and hung his head low.
“John!” I whined, hating the emptiness inside me.
I gave him a mild sedative, ordered a light meal for us both, and helped him out of his clothes and into his nightshirt. We unmade the bed, and he settled himself comfortably under covers. When our meal arrived, he had a few morsels. At least his stomach didn’t act up. His eyelids began to droop, and I intended to sit by his side until he fell asleep. Then I would have to go arrange a room for myself as propriety dictated since it was already late in the evening.
Back at John's practice, the maid told me that the doctor had returned five minutes ago. My heart was pounding as she ushered me into a spacious, comfortably furnished consulting-room. John was sitting at his desk with a frown of confusion upon his pallid features.
Also, in ‘The Adventure of The Black Peter’ Watson states:
With a complacent air Lestrade ordered Rance to check the attic and the cellar. He himself examined the bedroom and Martha’s room, which was adjacent to the kitchen. Having glanced into the kitchen, he was about to leave as I dearly wished he would, but at the last moment his beady eyes stopped at the pantry door.
A. C. Doyle
“You’re bluffing,” I said.
“In time there will be a movement for freedom,” Holmes whispered, his eyes suddenly burning and vehement. Once again, he seemed to be reading my thoughts. “All over the Empire. If other countries could do that, so can we.”
”? Surely, if it was the second marriage, it wasn’t
On the other hand, Sherlock was prone to occasional whims. It was not unusual for us to use his secret refuges in London for relaxation in private. If that was the case, reading too much into this outing would not be wise lest I should be disappointed later, through no fault of his own.
Goodness, the beauty of Holmes and Watson’s relationship in this story! This time the Canon is gayer than the Granada adaptation: Watson panicked so much at the news of Holmes’s injury that he didn’t pay for the newspaper (in the Granada he did).
He relied on me as he had during the Jefferson Hope case, and I wished to be worthy of his trust. Holmes’s enthusiasm was contagious, so we resumed our efforts, both focused entirely on the process. Soon Holmes learned to anticipate my steps, and I adjusted too; perhaps it was muscle memory, for my feet seemed to glide of their own accord. All I needed to do was to guide my partner. His lithe, wiry body felt strange in my arms which were accustomed to softness and curves. It was definitely unusual to dance with someone taller than me, and yet, to my surprise, the novelty was not unappealing.
It was such a joy to see John thrive in the following weeks. Opulent epicurean meals crowned with most exquisite desserts, daily walks, and untroubled sleep erased most of the worry lines from his dear face. Nightmares troubled us less frequently, and our melancholy episodes were easier to handle. My craving for drugs was gradually fading away.
I felt him smile against my hole. He reached for the vaseline jar and anointed my entrance thoroughly. Then he rose and led me to the foot of the bed. I rested my hands on the footboard, supported myself firmly upon it and, tingling with anticipation, bent my back. He caressed me between the shoulder blades; his hand slid down and grasped me by the hip, and then his cock was pushing into my hole. Sparks of intense pleasure permeated me as he was stretching me inch by inch, taking his time. He knew what it would do to me, knew that I would be reduced to whimpering in bliss by being breached in such a fashion. His cock pressed in, in, slick and hard, making my body sing. I was biting my lips, losing my self-control. Of all carnal delights in my life, giving myself to my beloved has been one of the most sensual experiences from the very first time. Only with him I realised what true closeness is.
“We would like the quiet option tonight, Mr. Neville,” I said.
“No, I’d best retire,” I replied, withdrawing my hand. “Thank you for a wonderful evening, Colonel.”
“You are my family.”
“Two days ago. Tried after but couldn’t. I’d throw up.”
January of 1890 was a particularly dreary month as I recall. The New Year hadn’t been happy due to the raging epidemic of the Russian Influenza which had originated somewhere in Siberia and reached Britain by the end of December. By January it was at its peak in London. The scourge made no distinction amongst the classes, mowing down everyone from a factory worker to the Prime Minister, who was on his sickbed for over a fortnight.
"Shh-" He hushed, holding a hand out. John crossed his arms for a moment, leaning back against the gate of somebody's house, watching Sherlock standing alone.
"It was the only logical solution." He said after a moment's silence.
was supposed to be at that moment, let alone anybody else.
It scared the wits out of him that the young man opposite was already the most important person in his life after only becoming acquainted with him a few months prior to that feeling. John had once been called a romantic, and though he wasn't sure he lived up to the title, he definitely questioned his sanity whenever he felt the way he did looking at Sherlock Holmes.
Dr Watson had shown unexpected caretaker qualities towards Sherlock, which threw his deductions off-guard. No teacher had ever asked him if he was 'okay', the thing that threw Sherlock off even more was that he wasn't even sure how to respond to that question.
John fell backwards against the sofa with a huff, completely overcome with such an unfamiliar feeling.
__________________________________________________________________________________
"Sweaty palms, fidgeting, lack of eye-contact" Sherlock deduced out loud and then stopped abruptly at the look on his teacher's face. "Sorry, I... is this inappropriate?"
"I can't, Sherlock- I can't." he shook his head, still not looking at his student.
Thanks so much for your kind feedback and support so far, it really motivates me to keep on with this story!
"I- Oh, thanks a lot" John nodded towards him, raising his glass in thanks.
Sherlock turned away from his teacher. "Yes, you're making that quite clear."
Sherlock traced the outline of embellished lettering protruding from a discarded plaque, the one that had always rested on the corner table of Mycroft's office. He scratched his fingernail against the groove of the G, following the curve of the S, and skimming across the surname of "G. S. Holmes".
Sherlock hummed with false suspicion in reply to John's innocent smile and on instinct moved forward to nuzzle his face into the side of John's exposed neck.
He huffed, taking another sip of his now cold tea. He glanced at the clock, which read 1.10pm, and decided to give the man until 2pm to call him before he sought out Mycroft's number and called him for a change.
The doctor's skilled hands moved to the young boy's hips, gripping and forcing, Sherlock's hands pressing down on his chest.
"On second thoughts..." Sherlock turned quickly, jogging back around the shape of John's car which shone dully in the dim light of the street-lamp.
Sherlock gritted his teeth, his head snapping out of John's gaze, sending an annoyed grimace over to his tutor.
"Mmm?"
It was with a heavy heart John waited on the other side of the line, his fingernails curled into the edge of the leather seam on his armrest.
"That's quite enough-" Mycroft snapped finally, towering over his brother, instantly worried at the familiar flames of daringness he could see in Sherlock's eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm not asleep."
"And did they seem intimate towards each other?" Mycroft internally cringed whilst asking.
John barely resists cringing, shaking his head. "It's not that, but uh, thanks- I think?"
"More..." he said impatiently, lifting his hips at John.
This also meant that Mrs Hudson had acquired the presence of the familiar gangly teenage form, who had been spending much more of his time in her company. She didn't seem to mind, considering she'd had no children, Sherlock felt like a son to her, or perhaps a grandson, considering the age between the two.
__________________________________________________________________________________
_________________________________________________________________________________
"Sherlock, it's Lestrade. I don't know what stunt you are pulling this time by not coming in but I'm asking you personally to quit it for a second and come prove to these idiots that you aren't being groomed or molested by Dr Watson. Thanks."
"Wha- yeah, sorry, in a world of my own" John sighed at himself and stabbed a finger at the coffee machine, pushing his empty cup underneath the nozzle.
He'd crowded himself into the head's office first thing in the morning each day to try and weasel more information out of the fat bastard. Greg didn't understand how he and so many others were so quick to judge the person that they'd all worshipped at some point or another. John was a people pleaser, a true gent, everyone had always admired those qualities in him.
The teacher's smile faded slightly as he wriggled around in his seat, the uncomfortable silence getting the better of him.
Mycroft simply looked at him, his gaze lingering on the hazel of Greg's eyes. "I am his legal guardian," he said, as if that explained everything.
"What?" John looked at him.
John turned for a moment at hearing noise coming from the back, letting his eyes fall on Sherlock who was sitting with his headphones in staring down at his phone, his curly hair falling over his forehead and onto his face.
John nodded to his class, searching the gazes of his blank-eyed students to attempt to gain some sort of reassurance that they knew what they were doing.
There was an eerie quality to the scenery surrounded by the dark night on the other side of their car windows. John was silent as they slowed to a more tumultuous path, through the centre of vast hills and valleys, which broke up the indigo sky with their peaks, resting among the thin layers of clouds.
Sherlock just began to plot for possible ways to convince John to make an exception, though knowing deep down there was no way in hell he would be able to deter John Watson from getting what he wanted.
"I'm trying to keep us warm." John grouched back. He'd begun moving the covers from underneath their legs in an attempt to pull them over the two bodies, feeling the chill of the air on their naked legs.
"Sherlock, he literally just joined the school two hours ago. What has made you so detestable of him?"
"Right then," she smiled, "I'm done in here, I need to empty the bins in the sixth form common room, are you staying?"
"I imagine I will irritate my brother for a while and then retire to the library and lie on the floor for a while. Who knows"
not allowing you to." John reasoned with Sherlock's grimace. "I won't allow you to waste any of your talent. You're the top of the class-"
Sherlock glared at him for a moment, and then reluctantly turned back to John, knowing that Mycroft was watching their every move. John's wide eyes flickered up to his with some hesitation, neither addressing the odd atmosphere that had changed and now hung about the air between them.
Wednesdays?" Sherlock smirked, sinking his hands in his pockets and leading the way from the bricked house-shed.
, the good old days..."
"Hey Johnny- boy," Sherlock internally winced at the nickname. "I was just wondering if you knew what time we have to be there at the coaches for on Friday?"
Sherlock watched him duck into a classroom at last, wishing with every bone in his body that he could follow after him and question everything under the sun in the hopes of understanding this man. Because Sherlock wanted to unravel his mind, bury himself in the synapses and nerve endings of Dr John H Watson's brain and
"Hmm," Greg paused, "Well, that's brilliant, keep it up."
Sherlock was watching John, his gaze fixed on his troubled expression as he sank back against the edge of his desk, rubbing his palms over his face, his back hunched forward.
"Pleased to meet you" John reached out a hand towards him, firmly shaking Mycroft's cold hand and then returning to his normal stance.
Mycroft retrieved the file from his drawer, sliding the same photos he had shown John over to his baby brother, watching Sherlock's face go pale and taut when he laid eyes on them.
"Should we be going?" Sherlock's surprisingly softened voice broke through John's internal monologue. His face turned back to the sunset, as the sky faded slowly towards darkness.
"He's definitely not hiding out in London." Greg replied, seeing Mycroft pause for a second, before reaching for another paper.
"Don't be so tedious as to raise your voice, Sherlock. You are not three years old anymore." Mycroft droned from his office.
a Sherlock Holmes sans clothes.
"What are you talking about, Sherlock? You're on track for all five! You're working at A* level-"
"Dust is eloquent, Mrs Hudson" Sherlock replied in his deep droning voice to which she chuckled at again and returned to her trolley.
Sherlock was reluctant to discuss his new friend with me, and yet it was clear that my brother committed the very blunder I had warned him against: he developed feelings for the man. No matter how hard Sherlock tried to hide it, I could see the tell-tale sparkling in his eyes whenever that fellow Dr. John H. Watson was mentioned.
“It was a superb performance. You took me in completely.”
The exultation from our reunion had faded. John found me lying on the settee, drained of all energy and unable to speak. It distressed him terribly. He said he regretted writing his account, which he immediately snatched from my hands and tore to pieces. To what avail? Every word of it was etched in my memory.
“Inspector?” he pushed the pistol against Lestrade’s temple.
“I see,” he said with a twinkling look in his dark beady eyes.
He was adamant that my first duty was to recover. Perhaps he was right: if my judgement were clouded, I could easily do more harm than good to my patients, and that would be unacceptable.
“Here you’re cooped up indoors all the time,” I went on. “There you’ll be able to go out and see daylight without being chased by the press. It will be better to get away until this frenzy passes.”
This is clearly irony, yet done so masterfully that it can be taken at face value. Watson is a sly fox, really.
I remembered how crestfallen John was on occasions when it was beyond his power to help a patient. Yet if he chose to quit his practice, he would lose his purpose. Nothing good would come out of that. Many people would be affected, especially the poor folk. That’s what kept him going. He carried on, and I had to do so as well. I had to keep trying, to hone my skills, and reflect on my mistakes, not only in work, but in my behaviour too. I would give myself a probation period. In case of another failure with tragic consequences I would quit. But there wouldn’t be another. There wouldn’t be.
"Please, take a seat." Mycroft gestured to Greg's own discarded chair sat a small distance from his desk.
John spun around desperately trying to locate the head of curly hair, but knowing he wasn't the tallest person there made it impossible, and his heart was panicking in his chest, beating wildly and palms sweating.  "I haven't seen him since lunch-time, he told me he'd be in Chemistry all afternoon" John croaked.
The doctor avoided his eyes, staring down at Sherlock's empty hands, remembering the feel of that cool skin against his own. Before he could doubt himself, he tilted his head upwards, slanting his lips firmly against Sherlock's.
"I can't do this-" John blurted, "I can't keep jumping out of my skin every time I realise we're standing too close, or within ear-shot of some other teacher-"
John sat at home on a Thursday night and drowned his sorrows with a pint of beer and the discography of Bon Jovi. He didn't realise how deeply he was hooked, until it hit him that he might be attracted to one of his own students. And however hard he tried to convince himself it was wrong, he couldn't stop seeing Sherlock's face every-time he closed his eyes to block out the blinding light.
"He's not as bad as everyone told me he would be" John reasoned with them both.
Greg watched as the other man tipped his glass to him, and they took their first simultaneous sips, the expensive whiskey burning the back of his throat as it slid down, ice clinking rhythmically in the amber liquid.
"I shouldn't have left the country." he shook his head. "I knew I wouldn't be able to watch him as closely as I could from London."
"Sherlock!"
John didn't even question that, "Still, your absences will go on your record" he threatened half-heartedly.
John shifted back on the bed to the far side, watching Sherlock climb on and crawl towards him atop the covers. He fell on his side next to John and obliged when John pulled him closer with an arm around his waist, placing his own hand on John's unbelievably muscled chest and gazing in wonderment at the situation he'd found himself in.
"These restrictions of the science labs are ridiculous" Sherlock growled to himself, jumping down from his seat and dragging his forefinger along the spines of the closest row of books.
The member of ambulance staff braced John on the shoulders, settling him with a firm squeeze, ushering him to sit down, pulling out meters and masks immediately. "Don't worry, he has paramedics with him too. What is your name?"
They were almost nearing the turn-off for Greg's neighbourhood when Mycroft heard a gasp from his left. "Shit!"
"I know that nothing is more important than this. Me and you."
"The chauffer from your previous visit."
It was decided after Greg reached the hut that Sherlock was to leave the bird in the capable hands of the vet who had been called into the lodge and was working on stabilising the bird. Sherlock had already criticised the man's technique when wrapping the bird's wing and attempted to butt in and re-wrap it himself.
"Sherlock," he hissed. "What have I told you about inappropriate deductions?"
_______________________________________________________________________________
"I'm sorry John, I shouldn't hav-"
"Twelve? Thirteen? I don't remember exactly." Sherlock sniffed, looking at the stained motel ceiling from their lumpy double-bed.
Three days away from school, for Sherlock, is the worst punishment possible. He has barely anything to deduce to keep him occupied, having already inferred all knowledge possible about Mycroft's servants and secretaries and gained only boring unimportant information about adulterous crimes and strange sexual fetishes.
"But he will, he will find us" John shook his head, taking Sherlock's wandering fingers in his own.
__________________________________________________________________________________
With well-practised ease, he slips in past a herd of younger students and blends into the crowd, surpassing the receptionist, turning up his coat collar and making a bee-line for the second floor steps.
The two began to walk back to the general gathering of vehicles and scattered people, taped off by police. Sherlock ducked underneath and lifted the dividing tape up for John to walk under.
He took the umbrella silently, the only sound in the room still the ticking of an old grandfather clock which sat in the light of the elongated French windows. Mycroft was startled to see Greg's smile increase to the size of a genuine one as he took the umbrella from him.
Finally- "I can't please you, John."
"Mrs Hudson," he acknowledged with a nod.
"What? Why did you stop?" he complained, dilated pupils focused on John's thoughtful face. "Wha-ohh...
After another moment of staring into the distance, John's phone buzzed in his lap.
"It's nice," Lestrade nodded to himself, "Sherlock live here with you, then?"
"Sherlock, where is my shoe horn?" Mycroft called.
"Finished, sir." Greg whistled appreciatively, it had only taken him 10 seconds. Greg knew if it were him, it would've taken him longer than that just to figure out how to work the confusing looking keyboard. He wondered what Mycroft could want with him here.
Sherlock grinned at him instead, stretching out and planting his feet on the coffee table.
Greg nodded, unsure what to say. He knew about Sherlock's parents, of course, their death was only recent, and he remembered feeling floored at how well Sherlock had hidden the fact for so long after it happened. He'd only found out when the status of his guardianship changed on Sherlock's electronic file, and Lestrade had been notified that he was henceforth to report any issues to the boy's older brother.
Mycroft stands from his equally uncomfortable seat and buttons his suit jacket, interrupting the spluttering head teacher from a predictable outburst at Sherlock's atrocious behaviour and gestures for Sherlock to stand and follow him. "I understand the situation, Mr Frays, I assume the suspension is active from today onwards?"
Both men were silent for a moment, staring at the same white ceiling with peeling paint. "It's not illegal, you know." Sherlock offered into the quiet.
Finally, it did. "Well?"
When it became close to next period, Sherlock stood and hitched his satchel over his shoulder, brushing shoulders with John as he lay down his empty mug next to his and left John with the smell of aftershave and faint cigarette smoke in a temporary cloud until his next class came pouring in.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow "I was trying to be courteous," he reached for a pawn.
John turned suddenly, turning his back to the woman and shoving his shoulder slightly into Sherlock's, "I think somebody is interested" he says, close to Sherlock's ear, his head tilting in Molly's direction.
"Hmm," Mycroft raised his eyebrows distractedly, the conversation fading as his eyes returned to his desk. "Don't expect a happy ending, Sherlock. Real life is rarely so neat."
That's when John finally hears his voice, deep and barren of emotion, just on the side of croaky which no doubt irritated the unbreakable Sherlock Holmes. "Fire alarms are idiotic, I thought it was another one of those ridiculous drills. Plus, I was busy thinking."
"You know vandalism against CCTV cameras is a crime. Are you deliberately trying to irritate me? Or did you just smash the lens in order to conceal evidence of you entering Dr Watson's home?"
Before Sherlock got a chance to respond, he received a sharp
Sherlock made a point of expressing his distaste in her choice of strong-smelling detergents, cursing every-time the scent made him sneeze and sniffle like a messy two-year old with a winter cold.
_________________________________________________________________________________
"Just following in your footsteps," Sebastian smirked, turning just in time to see John's fierce expression waver. "Oh, didn't you know? Sherlock here's sixth form's resident
John worried at his lip with his teeth and let his head fall back in his seat, trying to push down the panic swirling around in his stomach.
"Have we established that I am fine without these sessions yet?" Sherlock groaned, face down on the table where he sat.
The other things, like the hair, the t-shirt, even the fullness of his cheeks, Sherlock could fake, but putting that much weight on in the space of a week? Greg knew it was impossible. Mycroft had come to the same conclusion, seconds before.
"If I can't be there to deny the allegations, they will be perceived as true." John muttered.
"Sherlock-" He snapped. "If you're going to behave like a child, then I won't even attemp-"
John bit at the skin around his thumbnail, digging his teeth into the edge with the unexpected appearance of nervousness.
"I can't stop thinking" Sherlock shouted, and John frowns at him in warning to lower his voice, and watched as Sherlock slid his back down the wall to slump on the floor, arms resting limply atop his knees.
The official report from the fire-investigator team stated that the fire at the school had been caused by an open flame, a bunsen burner left unattended and still alight in an empty classroom with an open window and stacks of papers and worksheets nearby that had not been cleared away.
"I see Lestrade still has no qualms about abandoning his I.T. class." Sherlock nodded his head to his tutor's direction, his hands in his pockets, hips slightly pushed forwards, stood at a right-angle to John who mirrored his pose.
"Oh, I see, you're lost without your chemicals aren't you, dear? Well, some time away from explosions might do you good, what with all of this fire business lately." she hummed to herself, moving further away as she swept around the circular tables.
"I know you have limitations, we all do, but I told you I'd help you find your brother. That's what I'm going to do."
"I believe I owe you my thanks, for assisting Sherlock from the fire."
Sherlock frowned, returning his Petri dish to the side and weaving around the lab benches to reach John on the other side of the classroom.
"Sherlock." he said. "Mr Holmes is my brother." he said with a voice full of disgust.
"Bird calls," Sherlock shrugged. "My father and I used to bird watch when I was a child." he admitted reluctantly, stalking off with his tall figure casting a shadow against the cracked pavement.
The truth was that Sherlock had spent an entire week trying to force John Watson from his brain, though he kept reappearing with flashes of lop-sided grins, confused frowns and tired limps.
"Of course you can," Sherlock said simply. "I have it all planned out and under control."
"When did we agree that?"
"Yes. Do try to keep up." he snapped.
His feet carried him to the centre stairwell, which he quickly bound down, his coat billowing out behind him. It was approaching the end of the school day, and an irritating voice in the back of Sherlock's head warned him that he should arrive home soon to avoid being kidnapped, tortured, or worse as leverage by whomever was threatening Mycroft at that particular moment in time.
gorgeous.
John merely accepted the sheer beauty of the place, watching as the filtered sunlight fell through the canopy of the trees onto Sherlock's hair, now free of the fedora.
John's head snapped up. "Not you- Sherlock, I didn't mean- shit. Look- I- find it difficult...this sort of stuff."
He didn't have the time or patience to deal with imbeciles.
"Is that a bird?" Molly hopped down from the fence, squinting at the animal in Sherlock's large hands.
The older Holmes brother entered silently, as he always did, though with eyes trained to the movements and speech of Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock sensed him immediately. He also deduced a change.
Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment. "Ireland?"
"It's strange seeing you with stubble." John mused, his hand scratching over Sherlock's face openly, brave in the face of the public, unknown amongst the passing crowd.
John looked around hopefully, observing the blank faces of the rest of the students who were just letting Philip do all of the work. He sighed.
"Who's Lance?" The teacher questioned incredulously, rubbing a hand over his forehead. What the hell had he gotten himself into by becoming involved with the Holmes brothers?
Lestrade nods in return, his eyes drifting over to John and Sherlock, standing apart at the bricked steps leading up to the car park.
"Let me talk to Dr Watson-" Greg insisted, rising from his seat.
"I'll be fine! Follow me!"
"Would you like something to drink?" he asked over his shoulder, padding barefoot to the kitchen with a lightness in his chest he hadn't felt in an extremely long time.
Sherlock whined in protest at the thought of disengaging as John attempted to stand up with Sherlock still wrapped around him, allowing himself to be pushed aside to the sofa as John stood and adjusted himself with an awkward wince. He looked back down to Sherlock and his stomach lurched.
He sat on the front of the teacher's desk and reached for his flask, taking a swig of water and sighing with exhaustion. He'd raided half of the locations on the list in two hours with no luck whatsoever. He pushed up his black mask over his face, wiping at the sweat gathered on his forehead before reaching for the phone strapped to his belt.
"Will you calm yourself down?" The man raised his eyebrows at him. Greg paused and tried to reason with himself that the fat bastard was still his boss, and he'd rather not get fired. "Take a seat."
"Ah, John, I was expecting you." Sherlock spoke to his pipette just as the sound of familiar footsteps entered the room.
Returning to school on a Monday morning and being greeted by the usual slurs of 'freak', 'psychopath' and 'weirdo ' was to Sherlock, predictable and tiresome beyond belief.
John raised his eyebrows. "Yes, but where to?"
"Will you still be in over the following weeks? Using the labs and that?" the teacher asked, simultaneously tapping the shoulder of a passing year eight boy who had his shirt un-tucked and tie in his pocket.
Mycroft hid his smile behind a familiar squint, "Good."
The irritating flashes of LED blue and red lights from the sirens of police and ambulances flashed over Sherlock's pale and stoic features, the sky beginning to darken with the prelude of nightfall. He departed with a silence about him that sends a shiver down John's spine.
"You're experienced at this, aren't you?" John reached for the one side of Sherlock's up-turned collar, smoothing it down against his collarbone. "Running. Hiding."
John felt his hair stand on end as his view came into contact with the image before him.
Greg let out a quiet whistle, shaking his head.
Greg's eyes widen again, cursing quickly and thanking Mycroft once more before flying into the double doors of the school's reception and disappearing.
"Are you taking that medication I suggested?" he demanded as soon as she drew near to him.
"I spent a lot of time in the forest." Sherlock's knuckles brushed against John's where their hands dangled side by side. "There's never anybody around, it was perfect for me as a child."
"Anything that made them stand out?" Mycroft explained impatiently.
"Yeah-"
"I did some locum work for 6 months before meeting Mike who put me on to teaching." John admitted, moving his hand to Sherlock's waist and resting it there gently whilst the genius tried to look unaffected by the touch. "Sometimes you come across...emotional or mental issues with patients feeling depressed, often after extensive forms of...sexual, emotional, physical abuse"
John let Sherlock's words sink in, shocked to find that they were  infused with truth that he hadn't even noticed before. He had become so obsessed with trying to remain as normal as possible, that he'd convinced himself his act was impenetrable. As usual, he had obviously underestimated Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock squinted slightly, focussing on the figure. "She's young, just out of university studying forensic science. Only child, recent break-up and enjoys dissections. She joined two days ago, reduced timetable, she's on a teacher training course, acting as a TA for the next 3 months until returning to Milton Keynes in April."
"So how come I haven't seen you around the staff room or anything?" Lestrade continued, glancing over to a bickering group of boys, wondering whether their jostling looked serious enough for him to intervene.
“Don’t waste time, go. They’re near,” my patient wheezed. “Put… two cartridges... into my pistol. One for the enemy. One for me.”
“His case was at a very advanced stage.”
I led him to the consulting-room and had him recline on the couch. An examination showed that he had a mild tachycardia and a somewhat elevated temperature.
John was very pleased with the prospective buyer. They scheduled their meeting for the beginning of July. Upon our return to London, Verner and his wife visited John in Kensington as per their appointment, and the deal was settled on the spot. John had a most favourable impression of the young couple, pleased that he was leaving his practice in good hands. Later that day I met with Verner too, and he assured me that he had received my cheque. I didn’t show how surprised I was, seeing as I hadn’t sent any yet. There could be only one person behind it—my brother was annoyingly persistent in his meddling.
John’s photographs in the newspapers had not prepared me for the way his appearance had changed. He was worn and thin, as thin as he had been after Afghanistan. His waxen, sickly complexion bespoke overwork and sleepless nights. His hair had gone grey at the temples. His lacklustre eyes gazed into mine without recognition as he handed me my books.
“I’m sorry,” I said under my breath.
2) Judging by the discussion Holmes and Watson had in VALL, Watson knew about Moriarty before FINA.
Sleep eludes me. In such cases I used to busy myself with chemical researches or updating my indexes or whatever past time came to mind—it’s easy to focus on the task at hand when the house and the street outside are perfectly quiet as they can only be in the middle of the night. I used to spend nights and nights in the sitting-room while I could be in bed, embracing the sleeping John. How I reproached myself for my stupidity during those endless three years we were apart. And now, feeling his body against mine and listening to his deep breath, I wouldn’t leave our bed for the world. There is much to do in my brain-attic. I can analyse past cases and compare them with the current ones or inventory my knowledge and skills in different spheres, marking which require refreshing and which can be forgotten.
John nodded to a loud group of students who were filing out of reception from the Biology session he'd just taught, heading home with their backpacks and mobiles, with scattered smiles towards him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Dull"
Greg felt very safe with him at the wheel, and although the man obviously rarely drove himself anywhere anymore considering his growing status in the government, he seemed pretty confident and relaxed. In fact, Greg wasn't sure he'd ever seen him so quiet.
"You got full guardianship?" Lestrade pursed his lips, his thick eyebrows drawing together as he circled the whiskey around his glass.
"Truthfully?"
"Of course I trust you, I just..." he hesitated, checking his surroundings and pulling them backwards behind a pillar before stroking his hand down the side of Sherlock's face.
Please leave feedback if you feel so inclined ;)
Needless to say, Lestrade was having trouble restraining himself from shaking some violent and well-justified sense into his student.
"You should've seen it, mate. Never felt so old in my life, she had some strapping 20 year old builder in a vest top on her arm. Tattoo sleeves, tight jeans, I tell ya, I feel like a ancient relic." Greg shook his head, downing the last of his beer.
"Hey!" John cried indignantly.
"Are you angry with me?" the young Holmes stared directly at the ground.
"Did you sleep well?" John said, pressing a kiss to the corner of Sherlock's mouth, smiling at the soft pull of Sherlock's hand in his hair which guided him back towards his lips in a proper kiss.
"You're getting better." Mycroft commented from where he was sat.
"Yes. But we know how we feel about each other, don't we?" John spoke with the sureness of his feelings towards the young man across from him. Even if he didn't know the extent of Sherlock's range of emotions or feeling towards anything let alone him, he knew he was regarded higher than most in Sherlock's eyes.
"Hold that thought-" Greg held out his finger, manoeuvring his way down from the bar stool. "Just nipping to the gents, back in two ticks."
Mycroft took his pawn.
Sherlock stood in the corridor for a moment, just as the bell went, signalling his next class, he headed straight for reception, out the door, onto the main street, and into a taxi.
"I'm sure you're doing fine. What years you with now?" he bit savagely into a sugared jam doughnut, his permanently rosy-red cheeks chomped away.
"That's not what I said, John. Why don't people
"Same, ta" Greg nodded, speaking to the bartender who hadn't looked his way once.
"In the paper sleeve of your hardback cover of Moby Dick, third shelf on the wall by the sofa." Sherlock provided with a smug undertone to his voice, and Mycroft pretended not to be surprised that Sherlock knew this already.
_________________________________________________________________________________
"Oh?" Greg said, sliding his phone back into his pocket and gathering up his coat. "I don't think I've ever seen you drive anywhere yourself."
The sound of passing cars filtered through his consciousness as Sherlock remained silent, mirroring the position John had held moments ago, looking down at his hands. His own mobile buzzed in his pocket.
"I want to help." Lestrade shrugged. "Have you slept?" he inquired innocently, moving onto the worn leather love-seat.
"You look spectacular for your age, now shut up will you." Sherlock said with irritation.
Sherlock frowned at him. "An army doctor."
"Gregory Lestrade?"
Sherlock shook his head, looking slightly ill in John's opinion, and stepped away from the door, wiping his palms on his t-shirt. "I apologise, I don't know what came over me."
here with you this morning when I was planning on heading to the gym; yes. Yes, I am. And you'll shut up and like it,  because I've already had enough of these four walls, and I've only been inside them twice before."
He was just about to terminate the call when the other voice sounded again. "Move on to the next one."
"No" He shook his head, looking back to his hands on his knees.
"I can't feel my legs."
"Apart from that bloody loud French accent, and the other one's annoying laugh, no. I wasn't really paying attention."
"You sure?" John teased, hearing the drowsiness in his lover's voice, stroking his hands up Sherlock's biceps soothingly. "We can sleep for a little bit?"
Lestrade turned in his chair, concern laced into his expression, "Who? You haven't let anybody down, Mycroft-"
As soon as he entered the staff room there were eyes on him. He headed straight over to the coffee machine, brushing shoulders with Greg Lestrade who instantly asked him what all of the other teachers were probably thinking.
Sherlock stared even harder at the ceiling, wondering what the definition of stupid was to his brother, and who Mycroft must have paid extra to keep an eye on him while he was gone. Which one of the servants was Mycroft's messenger?
There was only one solution then. Sherlock Holmes.
"Can I help y- what the- Sherlock!"
Instead, he stood confused for a few minutes, watching the sleeping form of Sherlock Holmes and contemplated his sanity.
John's eyes slid over the open throated neckline of Sherlock's shirt, lingered on a button and then fell back to his face, which was staring back at him with calmness.
"He's a doctor" Sherlock interjected stubbornly. "And we're not fooling around."
Thanks for reading! Please leave your thoughts.
His erection strained against his trousers as John trailed hot open-mouthed kisses down his torso, calloused hands tracing his ribs and pinning him effectively to the bed.
"Don't look so serious, John. I'm only asking. It just seems to be that you're one of the only people who can get through to him most of the time." he settled back in his seat, scratching at the tightness of the watch around his wrist. "God knows I can't."
"I wish you'd tell me where you're headed before disappearing all the time!"  He shouted after him, coming to an abrupt stop behind Sherlock who was examining the tree.
John had never been particularly unconfident with his body, he'd been in good shape since he was a teenager, knowing that he had to be if he were to be accepted into the army at 18. He knew he wasn't anywhere near Adonis or David level, but he was vaguely proud of how he'd managed to maintain his fitness over the years as he aged. Nothing, though, had prepared him for this.
"Smart-arse." John grinned.
"Don't blame you, mate" John raised his eyebrows.
This last statement made Sherlock seem more angered as his face scrunched up in accusation. John shook his head, wondering if his face was such an open book or if this was the way that Sherlock generally communicated, forceful and intrusive.
What this meant, though, was that John would have to sever contact with Sherlock outside of lesson time, if only to protect himself, and Sherlock, from the interference of his brother. John wasn't quite sure what occupation Mycroft Holmes held, but he came across as extremely powerful and intimidating to the face of the common stranger. Doctor Watson had attempted to hold his nerve, however, and succeeded in his own mind by doing so, however, there was one small problem with this plan of separation he had devised. Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock huffed, a sound John had got to know meant “Obviously John.”
“Oh John!” The genius leaned forward, pressing a firm kiss to John’s forehead, before releasing him and starting towards the acting Detective Inspector, “Brilliant!”
“Sherlock! Do you not have a little more decorum then that!” Mrs Hudson, who had followed John up when he returned from a grocery run, cried out upon seeing the pair. The girl; Hillary or Hayley or something, John had made no real efforts to memorise it, startled, though Sherlock seemed unfazed. He had instead watched John’s disinterested waddle toward the kitchen.
FINAL CHAPTER BOI!!!
The flustered look on Sherlock’s face turned from embarrassment to angry in seconds, “Of course it was a secret! I didn’t know about this! You stopped looking at other people, it’s been going on long enough that not only does Greg know, but you’ve discussed it with him, but you haven’t told me anything!” He took a deep breath, clearly getting ready for a longer rant, “it isn’t anything medical because apparently you’ve been hiding your changed routine from me as well! And even when someone literally perfect for you is presented to you, you don’t even give them a chance. I don’t understand why you won’t just tell me John,” his voice was going into a high octave of distress, “why can’t I figure this out!” His own shouting seemed to confuse him, as he tightened his scarf on his neck, “I’m going to Mycroft’s, I need a couple days in my mind palace and I can’t do that with you and your boy toy soldier in the house.”
“What is this?” John asked to Sherlock, who was currently sprawled across their couch in his pyjamas and night gown.
After a few moments of expectant silence, John glanced up, “I’d ask if you were planning to help, but we both know the answer.” He joked, begging silently that some interruption would appear to turn Sherlock’s probing gaze from him. Nothing came.
“I’m going to walk home, and by the time I get there, you better have let this go or so help me god.” He didn’t have words to articulate his frustrations, so instead he finished with a simple, “Good night Sherlock.”
John had thought after sufficiently embarrassing them both, Sherlock would put this idea that John had a secret to keep, to bed. Unfortunately that did not seem to be the case as a mere two days later Sherlock was escorting a lovely-looking blonde woman into their lounge room with his politest and most charming of smiles. John had been enjoying watching a new show based off a book written by two of his favourite authors, when Sherlock came to a stop in front of him.
“Second Lieutenant,” Sherlock amended, “I just wasn’t expecting to find John willingly in a stance that could be misconstrued in such a way.”
“Because you’re in love with me Sherlock.”
“I- John don’t be... I-“ for once lost for words, the almost hurt, absolutely terrified look on Sherlock’s face urged John to continue, “You’ve been hiding it from yourself and projecting it onto me, because it’s easier to see the feelings in me than realise they’re in you. Because I’ve never hidden the fact that I love you too.” Sherlock released a haggard breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding as he lurched forward, reaching out for John before he’d even finished the words.
“You haven’t spared a glance for a single
“He’s been in far more compromising positions than this, with a lot less doubt of what was happening mate.” John hit Brat’s calf disapprovingly, “What? It’s true! Remember that time I walking in on you with those two-“
“So it is that!”
John is already tense from the last chapter, will his mood improve with this one?
“You want me to ogle your girlfriend?” John attempted to deflect, turning his back on Sherlock again to fill the thankfully experiment free freezer with slowly liquefying ice cream. Sherlock was undeterred.
This is part of the sherlocksmolmes keep johnlock alive challenge. I’ll be posting the next chapters in the coming days, but I figured I’d at the very least get the first chapter out there!
“Yes hello Lieutenant-“
John blinked slowly, before turning to Greg, “Did he just?”
“I don’t even know if he realised he did it.” The DI looked at his watch, before slinging an arm around the bewildered man’s shoulders, “Well I’m officially off the clock. Pint?” He offered with grin.
“I apologise, I didn’t realise he was springing this on you quite so suddenly.” Coral spoke in a soft lilting tone, her small, closed lipped smile designed to put people at ease.
John knew however, that’s for the rest of the day he would be wondering about Sherlock’s cock, thanks to his own exiting line.
For the next week and a half John had been on tenterhooks, waiting with increased agitation for Sherlock to take out his frustrations of an unsolved case on him by trying to dissect him again. Finally though on the 11th day, a breakthrough occurred followed by a handful of deductions, the brandishing of a blade an inch from John’s face, and an arrest.
“You didn’t even give her a chance, she was perfect.” He grumbled once he was fully in sight.
“Fantastic, then this isn’t going to work.” He stated plainly, “I would still love to take you to dinner, both because I don’t want to waste your evening and I’m sure Sherlock will badger us both if I don’t,” she finally gave a genuine smile at the comment, clearly Molly had been very thorough in her description of Sherlock, “I apologise.”
John knew that when there was something you wished to hide from Sherlock Holmes, the worst thing you could do was try to hide it. As such, upon realising his feelings for Sherlock, being of the non platonic nature, he knew that the worst thing he could possibly do was try to deny it. Because if there was anything Sherlock loved, it was a secret. Well puzzles, but also secrets. He enjoyed using his brain to dissect you atom by atom until there was nothing left but the cold beating truths of your soul, laid out for display to anyone who had been in the vicinity to watch your unravelling.
“You’re hiding something John, it’s what I do, I figure out what people are hiding.”
As I said previously, this story is being submitted to sherlocksmolmes “Keep Johnlock Alive” competition, so if you love the story please go over to their tumblr on the 30th and make sure they know!!
#keepjohnlockalivecompetition
Though today John had other things to focus on; one of his unit was stopping in for a visit and he couldn’t be more excited,  so much so that his smiling had made Mrs Hudson question whether or not he’d ingested some of her “medicinal” medication. John’s merriment was due to the arrival of Second Lieutenant Worst, nicknamed Brat for his young age in a unit primarily built of people over 35, he was only 30 then, now 34 and looking like the lovechild of Chris Hemsworth and Idris Elba. He was dark skinned and dark eyed, with the body of a surfer and the same propensity to not wear shirts. His abdominal muscles now bore a large jagged scar diagonally across them, dipping as far down as his hipbone, from where several pieces of shrapnel had embedded themselves and later removed; but if John was being honest, the scarring made them no less attractive.
“That’s a first coming from your mouth.” A choking noise from the doorway again at Brat’s words, John spared the man a glance and noticed he was now flushed red, eyes almost bugging out with what he was viewing.
“Shut up and help me up.” John turned back to Brat, taking his hands and being hoisted into his chest, giving the younger man a cursory pectoral grope before shoving him away, “Go put your stuff in my room upstairs, you can stay there while your here.” The younger man nodded, grabbing his things and heading out of the room with a smile and a wink.
“No Sherlock, I’m not gay. I’ve had sex with men before, but I’m not ashamed or attempting to hide that, it’s not whatever secret you seem to think I have.”
He was waiting for something, John did not want to think of what.
Or just leave me a comment and a kudos, that’s great too!
“You love me,” John teased with a heartfelt smile, gently cupping the detective’s face in his hands, angling it forward and down so that their noses brushed, “And I love you too.” He whispered finally before their lips met in an earnest kiss, Sherlock weeping into it with the sudden burst of realised emotion, “You love me,” Sherlock repeated back once their lips had parted, “and I love you too.”
“You see but you do not observe Sherlock,” God, John had been waiting ages to throw that particular turn of phrase back at Sherlock, and he felt a powerful sense of satisfaction doing it. “You’re too close to it all. When have you ever in your life cared about the feelings or relationships of those around you? You’ve always thought that sort of thing was meaningless. Yet now, you’re watching to see if I ogle women, questioning why I’m not dating-“
“How do you... the cabbie! He was your spy not Coral!” John pointed a finger accusingly at a black cab as it passed.
#keepjohnlockalivecompetition
“What do you mean? We went on a date. You watched it!”
“He wasn’t a spy, he was... I was the cabbie, I borrowed the vehicle from someone who owed me a favour.” John rolled his eyes at the turn of phrase, having heard it a million times before.
“What are you talking about? If I had a secret I would know about it.” Sherlock glared, looking ready to storm out again.
“Gaston?!” Greg retorted indignantly, making John sigh again, stepping up to Sherlock as a way to mediate.
woman in at least a month,” John couldn’t help a scoff, surprised that Sherlock had only noticed in this last month, when his interest for others had been dwindling for near on a year, “Turn around, it doesn’t take that long to put away frozen goods.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You are washing your sheets less frequently, the monthly spending on lubricant has gone down and...” he paused for a moment, looking almost as though he was beginning to regret this interaction, “I haven’t heard you at night in weeks.” Those words sent a red flush through John’s face.
“Yes, but that was because I thought it may affect your ability to be my assistant.” Sherlock attempted to butt in but John was on a role.
“Normally when you see an attractive woman you cannot help yourself from staring, yet Bethany,” Ah. That was her name, “was practically naked and you didn’t even spare her a glance.”
“Pint.” John nodded, allowing himself to be directed toward a cab rank, still contemplating what had just occurred.
“How could I not realise!” He grinned maniacally, and John prepared for the worst, “The mother couldn’t have done all of this on her own! I was too close to realise it, the daughter is the mastermind!”
“Well next time maybe consider putting a tie on the door, so those of delicate sensibilities don’t need to see this.” The landlady replied, heading back downstairs before anyone could dispute the idea that her sensibilities were in any way delicate.
So, to hide his hidden feelings, without hiding them so much that he would be devoured by a litany of caustic deductions, he knew that he could also never act upon them, for fear that the ridicule would come to much more disastrous effect. The suggestion that he may have some ulterior motive for standing by Sherlock’s side, that he may be shunned from him and the glorious adventures they had together because of perceived notion that he may only want for base and carnal motions reviled John even more that the idea of having been in Molly’s place at Christmas during the year of The Woman.
"I've had your address stored in my mind palace for weeks now, John, do stop being so melodramatic ." Sherlock droned, moving into the living room where the T.V. was still on. "Ugh- dull. John, why do you fill your head with this rubbish?"
Sherlock made a noncommittal hum, turning his attention back to John, their eyes meeting. John tried not to stare for too long, but the paleness and pure blue of Sherlock's eyes were pulling him in, so much that he found his own appreciatively drifting downwards.
He caught the sight of a figure out the corner of his eye, a tall man in a dark coat pressed with his back solidly against the brick wall of the back building. John had to squint through the rain to see if he recognised him.
_________________________________________________________________________________
"Yes", Sherlock ended the call and tossed the phone onto the leather upright button-embellished sofa in Mycroft's overcrowded office.
The only other time he'd became acquainted with Sebastian Moran was in the hallway outside his classroom, he'd given him a harsh word when he'd caught him crowding Sherlock into a corner calling him a 'psychopathic freak'. Unfortunately, finding Sherlock being teased wasn't such a rare occasion. But however hard the hit, Sherlock always merely straightened his spine, pulled his satchel back over his shoulder and marched away with his usual expressionless face. Not a crack in that wall.
"It was no trouble" Mycroft supplies with a tight smile and squinted eyes. He sits gingerly on the other uncomfortable chair propped directly perpendicular to Sherlock's and makes a point of not looking at his younger brother.
Mycroft looked at him from the side, surprised from the outburst, watching Lestrade pat his pockets down thoroughly and then turn his gaze guiltily back to him. "I left my keys on the desk." he admitted, ashamed.
WARNING: Mention and brief description of sexual abuse.
Sherlock's final raised eyebrow was the end of the conversation, just as if he had been holding a gun pointed towards Mycroft, putting pressure on the trigger, Mycroft knew the danger that Sherlock was suggesting by threatening to run again.
Sherlock scowls at the sound. "Go away."
John snapped instantly, zeroing in on his student. "Sherlock, I don't want the world believing you're-"
"No. Anderson. Keep up, John!"
"This is nice." Greg nodded, his eyes looking around the place. "Lovely wait-staff."
"I won't ask you how it went, you obviously passed it with flying colours." Greg replied with a voice full of sarcasm.
Sherlock considered this. "So I wouldn't have to deal with people?"
by me as well-"
John dismissed him with a frown, laughing away speculation. "For all the wrong reasons unfortunately," he re-takes his cup "Was up marking papers until one"
John let his gaze pass the silhouette of Sherlock's slim form, watching the slices of soft reds and oranges melt into the blue hue of the sky in the background, the dark dishevelled outline of Sherlock's curls just meeting the line of the horizon. John felt his hooded eyes water slightly at the jolt in his chest, sending his heartbeat wracking wildly when he caught sight of Sherlock's face turned looking back at him.
John only just restrained himself from leaping at the boy, settling for curling his fists at his sides, his expression livid. "You watch your tone, boy." he snapped, and Sebastian laughed harshly, stepping around a lab bench and moving along the length towards the teacher.
"You can't blame me for trying" he replied, sitting down opposite Sherlock at last. "Reports have been good from your teachers lately. Just a couple of disputes with your Chemistry teacher I see?"
John grimaced, "And he never said anything? Didn't try to stop it?" Sherlock shook his head.
"I want to help you, Mycroft." Greg stepped towards him cautiously, his voice soft. "Let me help you."
Lestrade was quiet on the other end of the phone. "Interviews?"
"Yes, I do. Is there a problem?" John asked innocently enough.
John looked over his shoulder, swallowing the lump in his throat. "Answer it, Sherlock."
"It's not your fault he ran, Mycroft." He said softly, leaning his head in ever so slightly to the other man's space.
"Well, I'd hope you'd remember my name, at least."
"That's a pretty accurate description" Mike interrupts. "Have trouble with Holmes, John?"
The still three-piece suited man settled back in his chair after a click of his mouse, and turned his head to the side nearest to the teacher. "I do admit, my home office is a much more pleasant working environment."
"I have two exams left, can you wait?" He asked with urgency, John seemingly sensing the seriousness of his words from the manic expression on his face. "We can get away, somewhere Mycroft won't find us-"
Sherlock rolled his eyes like a true teenager, resisting the smile that threatened to tug at his lips.
"What the hell are you doing?" John exclaimed, standing underneath Sherlock in preparation to catch him.
"Just try to be more careful, okay?" John sighed, pulling away from the close proximity they had just shared, suddenly nervous that it had been witnessed.
"Involved? I'm not involved!" Sherlock stood. Mycroft observed his form, recalling a time when his younger brother stood at half the height he was now.
He didn't say anything in return, but John knew from the way he looked at him, lifting his head to make eye contact with John, those cool and calculating eyes turned slightly glassy.
Sherlock felt anger bubbling higher in his chest as Sebastian's lithe form slinked closer to John's oblivious body.
John knew right away that his lover had conveyed with one action more than he could have with any spoken words, and was grateful then and there for Sherlock's silent nature. Many had argued over the years that the young man was incapable of emotion, though John was only just beginning to understand that the truth was precisely the opposite; for some reason he'd just been the only one allowed close enough to see it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Anything I can help you with? Are you here for a parental meeting?" John enquired politely.
John kissed him back with fervour for a minute, his hands framing Sherlock's face, his neck, his shoulders, before rolling onto his back. Sherlock whined, following and sitting upright against the hardness in John's trousers pressing right against his clothed entrance.
Mycroft knocked and entered. "Much better."
"Official interviews, this morning. Then, lunch." Mycroft sounded cautious.
"You're worried he's right about me-"
Mycroft's answering expression appeared to insist otherwise.
Sherlock hummed to him, his eyes flickering over a collection of taxidermy butterflies which contained rarer specimen than those he had in his case at home in London.
John smiled, the corners of his eyes crinkling only slightly, revealing his age in contrast to Sherlock's flawless pale skin; and let his hand be trapped between Sherlock's fingers.
"You may have to carry me..." John admitted with an embarrassed chuckle. He watched as the genius pulled himself to his feet, holding out his hand for John to take.
Suddenly,  Sherlock exhaled, loudly, through his nose, his eyes dancing quickly over the expanse of John's naked torso, trailing up his neck to seek out John's eyes, soft and inviting and warm. Always warm.
Sherlock  followed the man, at least two steps behind him, into a silver Mercedes. He clambered into the back and watched with amusement out of the window as Mycroft's man scanned their surroundings momentarily for any threats, before sinking into the right-hand driver's side and pulling away from the school.
Greg moved closer to Mycroft, peering over his shoulder as the cold grey eyes scanned mechanically over 30 or so passport photographs, all of them looking startlingly similar to Sherlock's day to day appearance. A few workers jumped in their seats at the sound of the first crash, as Mycroft pushed insignificant boards onto the floor, his arms moving quickly until they paused mid-air, hovering over one on the top line.
"These? No way. The days when I could have pulled off a leather jacket are long gone." he stroked a fingertip down the sleeve of cool browned leather belonging to the nearest jacket, wandering away towards shelves of Scottish memorabilia and second-hand novels.
"Do you want to do the honours?" Sherlock's deep voice rang in his ear, his body almost flush to John's. His large hand splayed just above the waistband of John's jeans, the other holding a set of keys retrieved from his backpack.
Sherlock gave him a small smile, his eyes crinkling slightly at the edges, and John was hit with the realisation of how long it had been since he had kissed the young man. Suddenly his lips tingled. "So, what was it you said you came up for?", he shifted in his seat, clenching his buttocks so his behind wouldn't begin to turn numb.
But no, Sherlock apparently had little control over his emotions lately, which made him livid with himself. But in this moment he just didn't care.
Sherlock scowls at him and then berates himself for allowing his brother to outsmart him. Again.
__________________________________________________________________________________
"Why does Sherlock have this...need, then? Surely you should know, if he's ran off before?" Greg felt himself leaning in, suddenly curious in a way he hadn't been since he was on the force, and felt the old habits of D.I. Lestrade sinking into his skin again.
Sherlock squinted back at him.
Sherlock's hands were itching to touch him, to grab John's in his own, but he bit his tongue, shoved his hands deeper into his pockets.
Just as he was considering taking back his offer and apologising for overstepping, Mycroft Holmes stood. Greg rushed to mirror him, tucking his chair underneath his desk, slipping his hands into his pockets as Mycroft pulled out his pocket watch that hung on the end of a delicate gold chain at his waistcoat. "I have somewhere to be."
member of the class."
"I can't believe we're being punished for
They left Edinburgh's Tower restaurant stuffed from a three-course meal, John still moaning in utter delight over the Scottish strawberry and pistachio Eton mess they'd shared for dessert, his arm hooked through Sherlock's as he lead him back to the car.
Instead, John was quiet as the waiter ushered them to possibly the best table in the restaurant, over-looking the setting sun over the city of Edinburgh; the spires and rooftops casting harsh silhouettes against the cherry coloured sky.
Sherlock blinked with amusement and acknowledges him with a nod. "Dr Watson."
__________________________________________________________________________________
"Just follow my lead, John." The young man stood quickly, grasping the doctor's forearms. "I promise you everything will go to plan."
"You are a marvel, John Watson."
The man relented, standing from the sofa and allowing John to slide the coat onto his shoulders, smiling at the height he had to stretch to do so.
John was about to go over to introduce himself when he spotted a familiar shadow on the ground behind him.
"John-" he gasped, breaking off as John attached his mouth to his neck.
After John had fulfilled his amount of enjoyment of quizzing Sherlock on famous characters from film and television for the day, to which he knew very few, conversation turned to the more serious topic on John's mind.
Sherlock attacked Mycroft's bishop and flung it back into the box. "Your turn"
He remained silent, wondered at Sherlock's childhood, thought of the masses of locked doors he always faced whenever he stood opposite Sherlock Holmes, wondered if he'd ever be shown a key.
The youngest Holmes was stood at one of John's upstairs bay windows, staring out onto the street-light lit road, staying silent as the darkness swept over the day. They'd wandered aimlessly for a while, leant against the walls of John's hallway and chatted, weaved their way through the rooms upstairs.
Sherlock, John decided, was like a solitary storm, dark and grey but full of flashes of light and intensity, he drew John in with his darkness, with his potential of destruction. But John was always on the outside. However much he wanted to be let in.
Mycroft's lips pulled into a thin line, clearly contemplating something, as he set off again at the sight of green. Greg gnawed at his lip, feeling guilty and idiotic and knowing that this must've just been confirming the thoughts Mycroft had already about him being worthless and stupid like he deemed the rest of the human race.
"I'll let you sleep."
John nodded, moving his hands to his thighs and pushing himself up. "Come on then,"
Greg nodded enthusiastically, almost knocking over a discarded mug in the process of moving closer to his door. Mycroft raised an eyebrow as Greg caught the mug, splashing his shirt with small speckles of cold coffee.
"Okay...Sherlock. Take a seat." John was suddenly aware of how small he felt stood next to Sherlock. The teen was skinny, just on the edge of lanky, with an angular face and alien-liken features. Somehow, this didn't make him look as entirely unattractive as it should have.
He pushed the handbrake back into place with a sigh, and came face to face with an un-read text message from an unfamiliar number on his phone screen. He frowned and slid his thumb across the screen, picking at a loose thread on the material of his trousers as his phone slowly co-operated with loading the message.
"Sherlock-"
"Oh," Greg immediately shifted to a more comfortable sitting position, his voice comically low in a way that made them look like two gossiping teenage girls. "The
John kissed back with a smile. "Stop pretending you're psychic."
His breath caught in his throat as John flipped him onto his back, now able to unbutton the rest of his shirt and put his mouth to the trail of hair at Sherlock's toned navel. "Jesus- Sherlock..." he said with surprise, pulling back to gaze at his young lover's naked torso. "You're even more gorgeous without your clothes on. Not that I'm surprised..." he raised his eyebrows, moving his mouth back to the rise and fall of Sherlock's chest, dipping his tongue into the dent of his sternum, fingers trailing delicately down Sherlock's sides which probably should have tickled if it weren't for the tension in the room.
Thank you all for the support lately, I really appreciate all of your kind comments. I have decided to carry on with the fic as long as people are still interested in it, please feel free to leave me any reviews, thoughts or suggestions in the comment box :)
"I haven't had time to think about it" Sherlock excuses absently, steeping his fingers underneath his chin.
__________________________________________________________________________________
dull, Sherlock. There is no getting around that fact, real people are just another one of those unfortunate things that we have to deal with in life."
"How can you joke about this?" John shook his head, his voice quiet.
"Old habits die hard?" Sherlock asked, licking his lips unconsciously, dark eyes burning into John's. "
"We have arrived, sir." A voice called from the front of the vehicle. "Number 48."
"Alright! Don't panic! Fire procedures! Line up and follow me!" He mentally checked off all the things he was supposed to do in the event of the fire, did a manically fast head-count and ushered the hysterical students into the corridor into slightly warmer air, rushing them all towards the fire exit stairs.
"Likewise, I hope." John pressed his lips together. "You are an enigma, Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock stood to follow him, retrieved his own bag and jumped over the benches, ignoring the look it earned from John. "Dentist appointment?"
"Clearly." Sherlock stared at him. "Doctor Watson?"
John nods jerkily, mentally berating himself for being so suspicious.
"You can't call me that anymore-"
_________________________________________________________________________________
"He was jealous," Sherlock said, still watching John. "One of the reasons you had such a difficult relationship with your father as a child and adolescent."
, Mycroft registers with vague interest.
Sherlock said nothing and merely raised an eyebrow, staring up at the library ceiling and counting the stains and smudges on the tiles.
"Is it weird that I miss our Wednesdays?" John said tentatively after a moment, more light-heartedly.
Eventually, Sherlock stamped out his cigarette on the ground and kicked the trodden filter into a gutter, flicking his coat about until his collar came up around his neck, framing his face in a way that prompted John to look at it for a little longer than he should have.
"Believe me, nothing will jeopardise your career, I'll take care of everything- as long as you trust me." Sherlock turned his questioning gaze up towards his teacher's downcast eyes.
Sherlock frowned at the lack of data he was able to deduce from such a distance, his palms itched at the wish to know more about this stranger infiltrating his life.
, clearly a teen-punk-rock band that Sherlock would undoubtedly despise. "You can't be serious-" he started, "It looks nothing like him!"
He was immediately distracted by an almost inaudible gasp from Sherlock when John moved his tongue into his mouth, meeting the softness of Sherlock's velvet tongue, caressing expertly and pulling away to meet Sherlock's bowed lips. Surprised to hear a soft moan escape his own throat, John gripped Sherlock's body in his hands, turning it over quickly and skilfully, falling to his elbows over him and feeling the fire that consumed his every nerve ending at the feeling of Sherlock's body pressed tightly and solidly against his own.
"Nonsense, John." Sherlock shook his head in frustration.
"Do what?" Greg asked, uncomfortably perching himself on the edge of his desk, a hesitant hand hovering over his student's shoulder before clasping it encouragingly.
"Okay." Sherlock pulled over abruptly, switching lanes until he was able to access the hard-shoulder.
"Hey- look! There's a cave!" John loosened his grip on Sherlock's hand, pointing to an approaching structure of boulders which lay haphazardly against each other.
"You think very loudly" Sherlock spoke between their closed lips, his hand moving to John's shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
"My brother" Sherlock supplied, voice dripping with disdain.
"You can't be seen anywhere with me, my very existence and presence near you threatens your career. You lie to your friends about me- to Lestrade, to Stamford, you don't answer calls from family in the worry they'll ask you if you have a new girlfriend yet-"
Something clicked in Sherlock and his stomach twisted uncomfortably, heart rate increasing for reasons he didn't know. His legs began moving of their own accord before he could change his mind, re-evaluate the situation and decide on a plan of action.
__________________________________________________________________________________
To: Greg Lestrade
"John-" his voice finally cracked, quiet and distant, watching John who looked like he was afraid to be within even a metre of him.
Sherlock read the response aloud to John, a frown evident on his features, before sighing and locking the device."John-"
Sherlock gritted his teeth at the sound of the flirtatious tone laced in Sebastian's voice.
Mycroft's voice shook slightly, to his own horror, and to Greg's shock. He withdrew slightly, folding an arm over his stomach protectively, ashamed at his emotional outburst and silently cursing at how the alcohol had loosened his self-control. "I should have stayed, I promised Mummy I'd look after him, after..."
"John?"
"No- Sherlock, for god sake-"
"Precisely." Mycroft hummed, ripping the sheet from the metal clip. "This one, enlarge it." he thrust the sheet towards Michael, who stood with an empty clipboard hugged to his chest. He became alive all of a sudden, taking the sheet and running to the closest computer, clicking rapidly, and slamming the photo face down into an adjacent high-tech scanner.
Greg nodded and looked back at Sherlock's last progress statement, written in the previous term. He yanked the paper free and pushed it towards Sherlock once more. "You need to write a new statement, about your targets for each subject."
Sherlock looked up again, bringing his spare hand to John's chest, the weight of it pressing securely against John's rapid heartbeat. He watched his own fingers stroke across the wool of John's jumper, felt the stiffness of toned muscle underneath the fabric, took a deep breath as John's hand moved to the side of his neck.
"He's not here." He grunted back, only to be met with silence.
"The time is 1:21" Mycroft replied without checking his watch.
"I had every right, Sherlock. What you're doing fooling around with some-
Mycroft took out Sherlock's knight and placed it on the side.
He allowed himself a moment of missing his mother, trying to block out the perfunctory  hand of his father's that rests on her shoulder. It was easier to pretend that he wasn't the reason the Holmes family was such a mess. Deceased parents and a pretentious, unrelenting older brother to deal with,
He considered for the fifth time that night, going out to purchase something to keep his brain from tearing him apart. Something that would slow him down, would let him rest and give him the answers he never knew he needed.
"Thank you," he breathed, his hand reaching for Sherlock's face and then hesitating mid-air. "I uh, I'll only be an hour."
Sherlock flounced out the door, disappearing quickly, leaving the two teachers wholly confused.
Mycroft quirked a smile. "Quite."
He nodded, his lips coming up to the teacher's earlobe. "Are you hungry?"
"I'm still trying to determine the right disguis-" Sherlock began to explain before John cut him off with a kiss.
Sherlock turned slowly as if suspicious he was being tested, staring at the man in front of him for a moment before shaking his head. "Not really my area."
I never meant to fall for you, but I
"No I'm not-" John turned back to him, his voice more insistent against Sherlock's baritone.
"Actually, I'm not sure you do." He replied, a mixture of good-natured joking and a hint of sorrow. John lead him to the next room with a hand on his shoulder, and decided to file the parents question away for another time.
Greg paused, placing his glass tumbler on the nearest table, "It's not your fault. You know what Sherlock's like, he's-"
"What?!" He snapped, noticing the teacher was stood directly above him now, hands on hips, hair flying everywhere.
He set the coffee cup in front of the barely awake student, startling Sherlock to consciousness which was followed by a furrowed eyebrow and a glare to the canteen staff to his left. "They said they weren't open yet."
"No, no, it's quite alright, nothing was- err-"
John tried not to make it obvious he was watching the young man and turned his eyes to the papers on his desk students had handed in at the end of class. Sherlock in turn bought his paper up and slid it onto the top of the pile, pursing his lips with a frown when John thanked him.
"What's wrong?" he moved a hand to the back of the younger man's neck.
"How old are you?" Sherlock snickered, finally catching up to where John had stopped at the entrance. He scrunched up his face in protest as a raindrop struggled through the leaves and landed straight on his forehead.
"Sherlock?"
Mr Holmes resisted the urge to wince at the statement proffered, his hackles raising at the suggestion that he probably couldn't do this by himself. Prepared for a rebuttal, he raised his glance to Greg's and got caught unexpectedly in the trap of the blues staring back at him, hesitating in the quiet room.
"Yes?" he squeaked, turning quickly to the voice of his co-worker who had just entered the room with his hand still on the door's edge, suspicious eyes darting between Sherlock and himself.
"Free periods," Sherlock drawled "I'll most likely be in Chemistry"
"Can't tell if that was a compliment or not." he pressed his lips together in attempt to get to the trickier hairs under his bottom lip.
(See the end of the chapter for
"He is supposed to hang off my every word if I am teaching, that is how you learn, Sherlock"
"Yes, thank you...I mean, I think so." Molly replied, her nervous temperament still hadn't dissolved regardless of the longer time she had spent in the her new temp position. She hadn't spoken to Mike properly before, only a few passing hello's, but he often came across to her as keen, almost pushy.
He fell forward onto his elbows either side of John's face, their noses bumping, Sherlock's eyelashes fanning out over John's cheeks. John pushed at the gathering of Sherlock's hair that had fallen forward over his eyebrows, attempting to tuck the stubborn curls behind his ear. "You clearly haven't seen yourself then, love."
Greg frowned as the line went dead, pressing the lock button down on his phone. Mycroft always seemed so cold, so distant. It didn't take much to see how he'd influenced his younger brother, Sherlock had clearly learnt a lot from his intelligent older sibling, even if he wouldn't dare to admit it. Lestrade was always shocked to realise how soft and pliable Sherlock seemed in comparison to Mycroft Holmes. The younger Holmes had always been a challenge, it was always eventful to be in his presence, even when he was buried in the depths of his 'embryonic evolving mind palace'. But, yes, Mycroft was different. Mycroft was carefully composed,  completely, down to a tee. Greg couldn't seem to fault his demeanour, as hard as he had tried.
The genius squirmed uncomfortably. While he was revealing this to John,
John placed the carving carefully back on the shelf, turning back to Sherlock's bright eyes, seeing the cogs turning in that incredible brain of his.
"You're still not dropping Biology."
"And you know what? He probably will-" John huffed out a laugh after his outburst. "But it would be worth it."
"Is there a problem, sir?" he asked as soon as the door was closed behind them.
Sherlock lifted an eyebrow without saying a word, and John turned so bright red he practically shrunk in on himself, hoping to God that Sherlock wouldn't point it out.
"Why? It's still alive, I can save it." Sherlock rises to his feet, exposing the bottom of his suit trousers which were now splashed with mud. He cupped a small bluish-black bird in both of his hands, one of its wings broken in an array of dishevelled feathers sticking out at all angles, its small beak opening and closing weakly.
Once he felt satisfied with having spoken to the majority of his students, John began to break away from the retreating shapes, who were returning to their lessons or in the direction of the common room. He knew that Sherlock would probably have gone in search of caffeine, and headed to the canteen, which was just on the verge of opening up for lunch-time. Sure enough, he spotted the figure lounged in one of the chairs of an empty table, his curly hair appearing more mop-like than usual with the smallest of curls wound around the shape of his ears and smattered jaggedly along the nape of his neck. John was hit with a wall of desire to kiss along said hairline, and distracted himself with heading through to the coffee machine.
Sherlock's nimble fingers worked their way slowly down the strip of buttons on John's creased shirt, loosening the fabric and revealing the soldier's muscled chest underneath, with a smattering of blonde hair at his sternum. Sherlock was fascinated.
As expected, there were questions asked about why Sherlock Holmes was so nearby the source of the fire, a couple of classrooms down the hall with dangerous chemicals, equipment, and an empty room all to himself. Although the attempt of scape-goating Sherlock was short-lived, as the interference of Mycroft provided unquestionable, substantial evidence that the fire was not started anywhere near Sherlock's classroom or caused by any chemical compounds reacting together that he may have caused. So that was that.
, John!" He shouted back to the man who was hurriedly trying to park and exit the car. Sherlock headed towards a prominent oak tree that was bent off to the side, running against the wind.
_________________________________________________________________________________
"Sherlock-" John called again, only to notice that the student was cradling something in his arms, dropping down from the tree immediately to lay it out against the pavement. A tiny baby bird, entangled in a muddy plastic bag.
Sherlock sees Mycroft again later on in the library, where he interrupts Sherlock's research into the world's most deadliest toxins.
"How have you been?" The doctor asked, Sherlock repressed his smirk at typical caring John and let his arm push against the brick wall, his long fingers tracing the indents of dried cement, picking at the sharp corners of brick.
"You told me once that relationships were about sacrifice." Sherlock's voice broke through, and John found himself spinning back into his memories of the second time Sherlock had entered his home, they'd laid together on John's bed which was partly riddled with biscuit crumbs and Sherlock had tried to convince him to leave with him.
"I was different. They sensed immediately." He confessed. "Like a pack of blood-hounds, picking out a scent." He picked viciously at his own nails, avoiding the weight of John's stare.
"You. Trying to sound authoritive, it's entertaining." Sherlock smirked at him and exhales in a curl of white smoke, hanging in the air and then drifting away.
"I'm not stupid, John." Sherlock informed him.
John was silent as they approached the double doors of the school, "One day", he smiled with something like a promise, and slapped his hand on Sherlock's back to create the illusion of simple friendly discussion to any onlookers.
John laughed without humour. "I half-thought I'd have to get out and push it to school. It practically started coughing up bolts as soon as I pulled out of my drive."
Greg had stepped onto the other coach, leaving John to deal with Molly. He waited for his class to pile onto the coach before taking the teachers seats at the front.
"What!" John called from the kitchen.
Greg's phone was unusually quiet.
Sherlock sighed. "I don't do sentiment, John. I don't do this."
"I'm so sorry. Please forgive me, God I don't know what came over me-" he shook his head, panic rising in his chest. "Well. You did. I just...We haven't been together in so long, and I thought...Shit, I don't know what I thought."
John had lost himself in the memory so deeply that he'd become aware that he was standing stock still in front of his car smiling to himself like a happy idiot. He blinked himself awake, feeling flush rise up his neck, cursing when his keys fell from his fumbling fingers.
"Okay," he sighed, pulling Sherlock's body flush to his own. John decided to drop the matter, it clearly wasn't helping Sherlock to revisit his memories, and John himself was beginning to get more furious by the second that he couldn't find this guy and beat the living crap out of him.
He had heard about him, through Lestrade, about how he was driving the tutor round the bend with his stubborn and impatient nature that only seemed to be amplified by the recent restriction he was being put under from having no access to the labs in-school.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and ripped a paper towel off the roll on her trolley, bending and wiping it up in a single motion. "There, happy?"
He moved further into the room, pulling up a chair and turning it around backwards to throw a leg over and sit on it, just next to Mycroft. "Think I'm gonna head off soon."
He was just about to text his brother, when his phone lit up in his hand. Unknown number.
This time, however, he was hunched over his desk, listening intently to John, who sat opposite.
"When did we agree?!" John asks with exasperation. "Sherlock!" he hissed, barely resisting grabbing at his retreating figure as he sauntered off towards the exit, leaving John with a cup of lukewarm tea and an oncoming headache of confusion.
He stood with his arms crossed, letting out the occasional grunt, seen to be grumbling and cursing under his breath at the polished floor.
"I'm trying to lighten the mood, if you hadn't noticed." Greg glared at him.
"Sherlock?" he called, his eyes fixed on the old-fashioned wood fire, framed by gorgeous red bricks and cream walls. The student appeared silently, focused on John's figure lit in the low lamp light, he gave in to the urge to kiss the vacant warm skin above his collar. John's intake of breath felt like a firework going off in Sherlock's brain, like a crashing crescendo.
"It's no problem at all, happy to help." John smiled reassuringly at her, and lifted a hand to wave her goodbye as she turned the handle and left.
John pulled a face to himself, trying to think of an accurate word to describe Sherlock Holmes. "It's...different " he supplied.  "I don't really know what to expect if I'm honest, mate" John ran a hand over his face.
John swallowed, staying firmly planted to his seat. "Why would you make me nervous?"
"Intermittently..." he said, gazing off into the distance. "Father always encouraged us to come along with him whenever he took trips up to see relatives."
"I've already answered this question." Sherlock squinted at him.
Sherlock stood with his back towards him, his hand on the door-handle. He checked from his position in front of the window that there were no on-lookers in the corridor.
Sherlock had since leaving the restaurant, unbuttoned his shirt to chest level, rolled up his sleeves and cracked the window open on the driver's side to let in some air-flow. He looked out from under his dishevelled curls, falling long and dark over his forehead, rustled by the wind. "We're almost there."
"Without hard evidence, most likely" he replied, his fingers steepled underneath his chin.
"Well, yes. I know that, I just-"
"What calculations? What evidence do you have?" Greg insisted.
_________________________________________________________________________________
Greg sighed.
He didn't say anything, but let his head fall back against the wall instead, a slight flush coming to his face as his eyes darted uncertainly to the other man. His composure slipped before the teacher, as he ran a hand over his face, his voice coming out weaker than before. "I've let her down."
John felt his stomach drop immediately, and Sherlock was sitting up quickly, moving towards John with a hand on his shoulder and taking the phone from his hand. He blinked rapidly as Sherlock frowned down at the message, trying to dampen down a potential panic attack.
None of the trained killers needed to be told twice when reminded of the threat of the consequences otherwise, one by one, agents stepped down from considerations of who should be the one to phone the iceman first thing in the morning if his younger brother was not found.
“You shall have to arrange one of those private carriages for John and to ensure that he is delivered to Victoria Station. Do it personally,” I said.
Both John and Mrs. Hudson marvelled a great deal at the exactness with which the renowned Monsieur Oscar Meunier had created my wax replica. With the blinds down in the sitting-room, I placed it in my armchair and shrouded it in my old dressing-gown. As soon as the gas was lit, its silhouette would be clearly seen in the window. Mrs. Hudson rehearsed altering the bust’s position from her hands and knees, which worked out to perfection. She rose from the floor with some grumbling about the crick in her hip, but the expression in her eyes was fond.
This story is set in 1898 (or 1899, according to different sources) and was published in 1926/7, so Holmes and Watson can be considered a long-married couple by then. What I love about the text is that Watson’s admiration of Holmes is ever present, even though they’ve been together for years. In Bert Coules BBC Radio Dramatisation Watson comes off as jaded and long-suffering which frankly spoiled the pleasure for me although the adaptation is superb. Unlike the radio drama characterisation, Watson of the Canon is always eager to help Holmes however whimsical Holmes’s requests might be. So when Holmes asks Watson to go and investigate a trivial-looking client, Watson replies:
Smith assured me that he would come shortly; with that, I was back home, in Holmes’s room. Hiding inside the wardrobe between wigs and costumes was hardly dignified, but the furnishings of his room offered no other option.
He was in pain again, so I had asked Martha to serve our supper upstairs. I had brought up my rickety armchair too and was sitting by his side, the tray with our meal between us.
Watson is shocked by Holmes’s plan to burgle Milverton’s house, not mainly because it’s against the law, but because he’s terrified that it would ruin Holmes. Watson has a physical, visceral reaction to the news:
We boarded the Eastbourne train and settled ourselves down in a vacant first-class carriage. Holmes reclined in the cushioned seat, stretched his long legs in front of him, and lit his pipe. He seemed to be in a content, relaxed mood which was rather inconsistent with the austere manner he usually had while at work. On the other hand, on some occasions he preferred to detach himself from the matter until more data was at his disposal.
“Happy to oblige. Well,” he gave me an appraising look, “the treatment had a most satisfying effect. However, we shall need to continue the therapy.”
“You’re injured.” I reached out for his right arm.
We ordered the cabby to drive us to Northumberland Avenue instead and soon were at the entrance of a magnificent building designed in the Italian Classic style. A truly epicurean establishment, inside it was as luxurious as outside, with its lofty halls, marble fountains, and low, ornate sofas. Whenever Watson and I wished to indulge our senses, that was the place.
We took our time enjoying our meal and then bought a cottage pie for the next day’s breakfast. Mrs. Hudson’s basket I had brought with us, as it could be conveniently hung on the bicycle handlebar.
Later, I explained to John how I had escaped. He listened spellbound, and his blue eyes, which had been so lusterless, shone again as he gasped and praised me for my successes. When I was telling him of my darker experiences, the pity in his expression never felt humiliating. He was the only man from whom I could accept it. His loving compassion was a warm, soothing salve for my soul.
“Are you so ready to shelter me, even though you think I am a criminal?” Sherlock Holmes asked in disbelief.
During the first year of their cohabitation Sherlock’s affections seemed unrequited. I hoped that in due course Sherlock would get over his infatuation. Aside from it, the doctor’s company had a positive effect on him: his drug use diminished while his enthusiasm to establish himself as a criminal agent doubled, since he strived to impress the doctor.
“Pardon me, Mr. Holmes, but surely you didn’t summon me just for the sake of a social call?”
Holmes left with renewed energy while I went to the bathroom, whistling. My fatigue had disappeared, replaced by tingling joy. I took my time to prepare myself thoroughly. Water was pleasant as it poured inside me, warming me up, and then I released it, becoming clean for my Holmes so that he could do with me anything he wished. I was at a half-stand just musing about it. Before we had consummated our love, I hadn’t had a slightest idea how enjoyable I would find intimacy with a man. I had experimented by stimulating my prostate with my fingers but could never imagine I would crave being fucked. Sherlock taught me that, as he himself loves immensely being filled with cock.
“Sherlock,” I drawled with amusement. “That hungry, eh?”
made a fortune by transplanting monkey testicle tissue to ageing men and claiming that it would boost their virility. Later he was exposed as a quack. Besides ACD, another physician writer, Mikhail Bulgakov, was inspired to reflect it in his writing (a novel called “
“A message for you, sir, from that gent over there,” the boy said, pointing at the passing four-wheeler behind which Parker was perched on the footboard, sneering. “You prevented this mishap, but what about the other?”
“If he doesn’t, he quits. Or he chooses to carry on and improve for the sake of other lives he can save.”
“Drop your pistols,” Saville ordered. “Good. So, we meet again,
We spent Christmas Eve quietly, having ordered a nice dinner from Simpson’s. With Mrs. Hudson gone to her daughter’s in Fulham, we had the house to ourselves and lounged upon our bearskin hearthrug the whole evening. The years of separation and loneliness had passed; we didn’t dwell on the sad memories but enjoyed the present instead, getting the most out of it.
. It’s clear from Watson’s description of Gibson that Watson is both repulsed by the ruthless man, but at the same time acknowledges his powerful presence and considers him a formidable opponent. Here’s Watson’s obvious discomfort when Gibson is looming over Holmes:
At first glance, there was nothing out of the ordinary inside. Without a magnifying glass I couldn’t determine whether the metal lid protecting the mechanism had been tampered with. Then I sensed a familiar chemical scent and noticed something black at the bottom of the wooden case. As I tilted the clock carefully, tiny particles spilled out onto the surface of my desk. My heart skipped a beat at the sight of gunpowder.
“I’ll keep an eye on you, mind.” Mrs. Hudson shook her finger. “No more drinking.”
Providence had granted me the greatest gift imaginable. Despite having renounced religion long ago, I hadn’t renounced God. As I passed the village chapel, something came over me; I walked in and prayed, prayed as fervently as when I was a boy.
He pulled back to look at me and then crushed me into his embrace once again. His violent trembling turned into uncontrollable sobs. He was like a tightly wound spring which had been suddenly released. He cried and cried in my arms as I whispered to him every soothing endearment that came to my mind. At last I could comfort him, making up for that terrible day in Meiringen when he had wept alone. Tears were streaming down my cheeks too, and I made no attempt to contain them.
“A theatre company,” he replied with an impish twinkle in his eyes.
Holmes sat up and proceeded to tell me about his recent investigation. It involved a cold-blooded murderer whom I later called Culverton Smith in the published story.
Originally posted on Oct 1st, 2018
“Ah, my mistake,” Holmes said in a level tone which was belied by a hint of colour tinging his cheekbones. “Following the lead is something new to me.”
The stories continued to be in high demand, being published in
He extended his hand in reply.
PS In
“Or there is a better remedy,” he continued, ignoring my retort. “The Turkish bath.”
I was already at a half-stand from having his rapt attention fixed upon me. He licked his lips and swallowed, the bulge between his legs growing. Not taking his eyes off me, he disrobed with quick efficiency of a military man. Smiling, I reached out and pulled him up to his feet. He leaned forward to kiss me, but I slipped away from him and made for the warm room where the air was sultry and relaxing. The stone floor, the tiled mosaic walls and ceiling—every surface in the room gave off dry, healing heat, exactly what we both needed.
My brother laughed heartily, for another brief moment allowing his heart to govern his mind, but then his feelings were quickly subdued by the reason which he so valued.
“The longer I live in London, the more I find those charms appealing.” John took a deep breath. “Ah, the sweet, tasty country air.”
(8 january - 19 february 1887,
He embraced me fiercely and kissed my nape. He was right: we could benefit from a few hours of distraction. Having finished with our ablutions, we ascended to the bedroom and gave free rein to our desires. As soon as we got between the sheets, I was on my back, and he took me again and again during the night. Then, curled into him, I slept like I hadn’t done for a long while.
Now I was sliding my fingers inside him back and forth, mindful not to touch his prostate while coaxing him to open up more. Sherlock moaned and hummed, his cheeks flushed. I leaned forward and wrapped my lips around his prick—I still hadn’t learned to receive all of him without an onset of reflex gagging, so I sucked the head and took in as much as I could, frigging the rest of his length with my other hand. Sherlock moaned louder as he clutched fistfuls of the sheets. He bent his legs and raised them, whining, utterly debauched.
I have to admit that I admired his courage—very few of the cabinet ministers dare to confront me with such audacity. My intent to intimidate him had failed. Watson was no coward. In fact, there was only one other person who could stand up to me in this manner. It was rather satisfying to find out that the man was a match for Sherlock.
Pondering all of this, I waited and looked about in search of ways to retreat. Small cracks in the cliff could serve as footholds, and further on it was possible to reach another path that should lead into the forest.
Like many before me, having encountered mentions of this affliction in ACD’s works, as well as in a number of Victorian novels, I thought, what on earth is that? Google offered a variety of versions from a non-existent condition to a severe nervous breakdown, so it was really fun to find what ACD himself wrote on the matter in one of his medical stories:
“Your brother’s suggestion was quite good, you know.”
I stood motionless, my heart pounding. There was nothing I could do to keep him away. A heavy pan hung on the wall just beside me. I decided I would knock him out the moment he discovered Holmes, and then together we would incapacitate Rance and run.
John.
"Yes, he has."
"What does Stamford want?" the dark haired young man lay back on the bed, his long form stretched over the length of the headboard. John was just about to ask how Sherlock knew it was Mike from all the way over there when his phone chimed again.
"You're doing amazing, Sherlock." John insisted, resting his chin on the young man's bony shoulder.
Sherlock harrumphed, "Don't be ridiculous-"
He picked absently at the edge of the wood, revelling at the soothing motion of his calloused fingertips against the grain. However much he needed one right now, he didn't smoke, still trying to test his strength for John. He'd began to notice the increasing positive correlation of John's scrunched up expressions after kissing post-cigarette Sherlock and how it made him pull away more quickly than times when his mouth was fresh.
The ride was silent, and John squinted through the tinted windows to see if he could recognise any buildings they were speeding past, barely catching the tourist signposts indicating that they were just on the outskirts of Westminster.
"No, but I do now have the potential to sentence a corrupt political leader in Islamabad to exile. How was school?"
Sherlock gritted his teeth, typing out a response, fingers moving quickly across the keys.
"John, you killed me. I am dead."
He patted his back pocket to find the shape of his phone, thumbing it open and beginning to dial in a local taxi number, when the other man spoke up.
It appeared he didn't need to be told twice, as he took three long strides to wrench open the door and sit like a silent inquisitive owl inside, watching John with hooded eyes and wringing his hands together. "Are you-"
"Exactly, and every Friday morning, I have three different periods of hormonal year eights. A.K.A my personal hell which I would like to avoid if given the chance." John chuckled in agreement, pulling a stool from behind the door and settling on it, his feet barely reaching the floor.  "Jumped at the first offer I got to chaperone." Lestrade continued.
Mycroft sighed, picking his glass back up and moving to the window nearby Greg's seat, perching himself on the bench underneath the windowsill. "Head-on collision, it was instantaneous."
"Wait, wait-" John put his hand on Sherlock's. "I'm driving, get out."
Sherlock shook his head against John's shoulder, almost clinging to him as John manoeuvred himself to lay on his back, allowing Sherlock to rest on his chest.
John almost giggled at the situation he was in, he had a fellow teacher pretty much encouraging him to go for a student they both taught. If only he knew.
He finds an old army portrait, a news article published 3 years earlier, and a personal blog that has been password protected for 10 months or less.
"Do I embarrass you?" He asked, moving his hand to the back of Sherlock's neck, his thumb stroking the shapes of Sherlock's ear.
"Sherlock," Mrs Hudson scolded, "Have you eaten anything today?"
"Will you explain this elaborate plan of yours to me?" he threaded his fingers through Sherlock's curls. His body had migrated itself gradually up towards John's on the pillows, and the genius lay with his eyes closed, his broad chest rising and falling with the human matter of breathing.
Sherlock ignored him and moved over to his usual seat which he slumped into and watched as John and Lestrade talked quietly, about the rapidly deteriorating condition of a fellow alcohol-addicted teacher, Sherlock deduced.
areas are the bits he needs to know to pass the exam and actually get an A level in Biology.
"I heard it crying when I was in the field, I had to jump over the river to reach it, it was wedged underneath a fallen branch at the foot of a tree. It would have drowned." Sherlock explained, words flowing out at the speed of light.
"Don't push me, Sherlock."
"I have a revision class in fifteen minutes, why don't you stay?" John pleaded softly, moving towards him and placing his hand on the desk to block Sherlock from shoving past.
Before he could bend to retrieve them, a different hand snatched them up from the ground.
There were a few last people rushing from the building past him down the stairs, being evacuated by adults that John ignored when they screamed at him asking what the hell he was doing.
John hummed against Sherlock's prominent adam's apple, spurred on by the fleeting touches of Sherlock's long and delicate fingers at the base of his skull.
He heard Sherlock exhale through his nose as their lips moved against each other, pulling a sharp intake of breath from John himself as the heady atmosphere settled in, and John was suddenly aware of Sherlock's intoxicating scent.
"I know," John smiled, "I'll just have to get used to it, that's all."
"Your dentist appointment has been rescheduled for Wednesday morning."
John eventually gets him to shut up, and begins to move around the white board, drawing diagrams for mitosis and going back over the processes Sherlock had missed in his absence. The only problem was that Sherlock interrupted him every two minutes by finishing John's sentences for him, if only to prove a point, that he didn't need these catch up sessions at all.
"John," Sherlock nodded to him, and John checks the door is closed, so nobody can hear the agreed use of his first name by one of his students.
Greg stared blankly at the wall of confectionary, squinting at the small stickers indicating the price of each box of chocolates. It was his mother's birthday coming up, and, same as every year, he hadn't got a clue what to get her. Women liked chocolates, right?
With a pitying glance towards his student, John took a leap. "That doesn't sound very fun, don't you have a girlfriend or anyone to go meet up with?"
"John," Sherlock acknowledged quietly, stepping into the light of the sun.
"You know what I mean" John mumbled, cheeks turning pink.
"Fine. Be all suspicious- but- what do we take with us? How much money will we need? Do I need to-"
"Anyway, I need to go." Sherlock brushed his palms against the material of his trousers.
He approached the decanter silently, his exposed forearms brushing against the cool metal of the tray as he reached for two empty glasses. It had been a long time since he'd had company for a drink, in fact, when he cast his mind back, Mycroft was sure that the last time he'd shared a nightcap with another person, it had been with his father.
"Did you-"
"What about the hotel sighting?"
"I will still be taking my exam." He replied, looking calm as ever, and taking another sip from his cup.
"No," he hesitated. "Is this...okay?" Sherlock asked, hoping he would understand.
"Good afternoon, Doctor Watson." the slick voice of Mycroft Holmes spoke across from him.
__________________________________________________________________________________
John raised his eyebrows, momentarily becoming distracted by the vast rolling green hills that came gradually into view. "A Scotsman, ey?" he grinned. "How come I've never seen you in your kilt?"
_________________________________________________________________________________
"There is no version of this trip that exists with me attending."
"Military doctor." John nodded. "Where are you coming from then? University of..."
Sherlock looked at him with the hint of a frown surrounding his features. "I didn't know how."
"Third. Actually, pull up just down the road after the roundabout." Sherlock's eyes seemed to be transfixed by something in the distance.
as a vibration against his own lips before he grasped Sherlock's biceps, feeling his body burst into flames at the press of Sherlock's cool fingertips against the small of his back registered through the thin material of his shirt.
Sherlock's hand edged closer to John's across the glossed metal hood. "I wasn't aware there was an us, John."
"Don't be ridiculous! You
"Everything will turn out the way it should." Colin smiled at him which was obviously an attempt to reassure him, but just made Greg want to punch him in the face even more than he already did. "No need to concern yourself with this anymore. You should return to your usual schedule of teaching without wasting your time in here every morning."
"Well then, I can see from our conversation that I have nothing worry about at all. Isn't that a shame? It seems I won't need to threaten Dr Watson any further after all."
would have noticed any potential recording devices as protruding shapes, he will have little evidence against us aside from his word."
"So," Greg began, pulling out Sherlock's folder from his desk. "How have things been?"
"Should I take that as a compliment?"
"Wow-" John gasped, leaning forward and reaching for his seatbelt. "Where are we?"
John smirked and followed. "Since when does Sherlock let anybody tell him what to do?"
"There couldn't be a better time." Sherlock insisted from where he lay on the bed. "Don't think I can't see how the strain of secrecy attached to our relationship has affected your health."
"You, just you-" Sherlock gripped John's bicep as it wound around his waist.
________________________________________________________________________________
"Hello, Sir" Mrs Hudson replied politely, shaking his hand. "My apologies, I didn't realise Sherlock was in here with anybody. I should have knocked-"
Sherlock felt for the lighter in his pocket and resolutely ignored the twist of guilt in his stomach that came with the action. He brushed his thumb over the sturdy metal wheel of the clasp, squeezing his eyes shut in annoyance for a moment before giving in, and swung his coat over his head and onto his shoulders.
Sherlock's lips immediately pulled into a smirk.
him. Please, just once.
The lack of expression in the cold voice on the other end of the line only terrified the superintendant more.
"I'm...sorry" Sherlock frowned. "That sounds-"
"Trying to find someone who's desperate enough to fuck you, Sebastian? You've worked your way through most of the student body, gay and straight, so naturally now you're moving on to teachers, is that it?" Sherlock questioned, knowing he was right.
"Not that dramatic, but yes, it was my sister. Impressive." He sent Sherlock a stern but helplessly amazed look by the young man's deduction skills, which earned another stroke to Sherlock's ever-growing ego as he sat there smirking in return.
alone, not merely alone for the moment, for five minutes until Lestrade or Mrs Hudson came barging in, but alone.
He groaned, attaching his teeth to John's ear lobe with a primal and possessive growl. John put his hands back on Sherlock's thighs to steady himself, feeling material and pausing. "Sherlock-"
"It's nothing-" he insisted, ignoring the glare from Sherlock. "I hurt my leg jumping down from the rocks, is all."
"Not an affair! Not anything." he sighed, and then winced realising how that must have sounded.
"Me too...
"None of which were my fault, might I add. I was just pointing out the truth to those who are too blind to see it." Sherlock protested.
apologise? You have nothing to apologise for, Sherlock." John gave him a look of bewilderment.
"I just wondered, I don't think you ever said."
"Sherlock..." he began, hesitant, watching Sherlock's eyes roaming the list of dishes.
"Pull over there, then." John pointed over to the hard shoulder with his free hand.
Sherlock was quiet, the only noise being the occasional passing of a car, or somebody's shoes crunching on the gravel, sounds trailing in from John's open box window.
"Because you shouldn't be walking home on your own at this time of night. If you feel uncomfortable with being in a car alone with me then I can contact somebody who can come and pick you up, or call a taxi, if you'd like-"
"I do." John smiled, holding back a laugh at the disorientated Sherlock Holmes before him. "I've never seen you like this." he giggles, feeling Sherlock's arm go around him in his trance.
John huffed. "Where are you going?" He slammed the door shut and went around to the open passenger door to peer inside at Sherlock.
"Has that helped in any way?" John asked softly, rubbing his hands together and leaning back against his desk.
Greg watched as the man before him stood, concealing any scrap of emotion or chink of armour on his person that might have previously been exposed in Greg's presence.
Sherlock grunted in his sleep, his hands twitching, and John smiled down at the unconscious whine he emitted. "So you're a vocal sleeper," he whispered to himself, leaning forward to trace his nose along the line of Sherlock's collarbone, sweeping up to his throat. The younger man was up against John's chest, his limp arms pressed in against the teacher's muscled pecs.
"What are you talking about, Sherlock? Where has all of this come from? Was it what Sebastian said?"  the teacher's voice rose with the impression of anxiousness.
John emerged from his daydream, buttoning up the top few shirt buttons that Sherlock must have fumbled open in passionate haste. He caught his student watching him lazily as he tucked his wrinkled shirt back into his trousers, and immediately rounded on Sherlock, raising a finger to point at him.
"I never want to eat again." Sherlock groaned, holding his stomach and curling further into himself as John moved around him, gathering plates from the small table.
"We've all been there," John shook his head. "I had a similar situation back in the army actually" John grimaced into the ring of the bottom of his pint glass, feeling his forearm pinned to the sticky residue of the bar's surface and cringing.
"Just about that gigantic ego of yours," he teased, clapping a hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
"I'm fine" Sherlock insisted with irritation. "Would you tell them to stop putting this blanket on me?!" he ripped the orange object from his shoulders once more and tossed it to the floor with defiance.
"Obvious, John. I'm the only one who knows where we're going." Sherlock frowned at him, questioning the idiocy of the average human brain.
"I really do need your help, Doctor Watson-" Sebastian winked at him daringly, and Sherlock actually let out a growl, his hand moving to the door-handle.
"Oh."
"So-" Molly started after John had got settled. "How long have you been teaching here for?"
"Older and wiser than you." John insisted with lift of his chin.
Instead, John was silent, his breathing controlled. He spoke quietly. "I'll run with you," John turned his body towards him. "If you ever have to, ever again, Sherlock. Run to
Sherlock remained seated, turning the ignition off and reaching for the handbrake, his eyes trained solely on John. "Glencoe. Scottish Highlands. "
Sherlock closed his eyes again until he heard a scuffing of dress-shoes on wooden floorboards and realised that Mycroft had not left, he had closed the door behind him. He groaned. "Go away Mycroft"
With the hint of a grin gracing John's stubbled face, he shook his head as if not quite believing himself the intense situation they'd just found themselves in with another teacher in the room. They'd bickered like an old married couple.
"Calm down!" he raised his voice above Sherlock's, "Sit down."
Sherlock closed his eyes.
"Eat something." Mycroft's muffled voice demands through the door.
"Now- hold on a second! What the hell was that?! Are you telling me that was all an act?" Greg looked between John and his student with intense confusion, his eyes wide. "I thought you were seriously upset, Sherlock- and you are not doing
"Don't sound too excited" John added sarcastically, flinging an elastic band from his desk onto Sherlock's mop of curls where he is still looming at the window. He turned with a face of disdain and flinged the elastic band straight back to John.
"Yes, it starts in an hour" Mycroft responded absently, flicking through a stapled document of 121 pages.
"John Watson, the adventurous type?" Sherlock's eyebrow twitched with a hint of veiled humour. "Who'd have thought it?"
He had a missed call from the prime minister’s secretary, and a thousand and one other things higher on his list of priorities and things to do.
Sherlock froze, the movement barely noticeable, but surely his brother would have seen his momentary panic.
"Not fine by me-" John demanded, his voice pushing more authority. "No one in my class is going to fail Biology. I won't allow for it. So
He moaned in response. "What?"
Don't you feel that hunger?  I've got so many secrets to show.
. John thought, and Sherlock felt John's breath on the back of his neck as the man moved closer.
He pulled off with a wet pop on the upstroke, gaining Sherlock's attention as their eyes met, "That good?" he smirked, his voice wrecked and deep.
"Shit, Sherlock-" John grabbed him immediately, hauling his arm around Sherlock's back and dragging him towards the stairs. "Come on,"
John reached out without a word, taking Sherlock's hand in his own as they carried on the rough path to Signal Rock.
"I don't smoke," he reacts. "Plus, it would be kind of inappropriate"
From first impressions, John didn't really see what the fuss was about. While a little intense and isolated, Sherlock wasn't the demon from hell he'd heard stories about and had been expecting. In fact, he hadn't heard a word from him for the first three lessons he had taught him for.
Sherlock hummed in return, not turning around. He sensed John getting closer.
"I was, but in my experience- anger never seems to last long with you" John sighed, straightening his stance and flexing his hands at his sides. Sherlock looked up at him.
"Are you?" Dr Watson called, last minute, before Sherlock opened the door.
"Chemistry, Physics, Forensics, Philosophy."
"I've been reliably informed that I don't have one-" he mumbled in return.
"Hopefully," Sherlock nodded, his eyes trained on John's thick hands. "I have something planned for tomorrow morning. In which case, you'd better pack a suitcase."
John felt sick to his stomach, his jaw felt fused shut, his feet unsteady.
"I'm sure I don't need to assure you that if you plan to continue your relationship with Sherlock Holmes, you will find yourself suffering under degrees of extreme difficulty by the end of the week."
Mycroft frowned at his brother's rudeness, catching it mid-air and replying with a sarcastic and over-exaggerated "Thank you" to which Sherlock stomped back to his own room.
John was handing back past-papers, winding around the science benches and placing people's papers brandished with red or green pen, grades circled with marker.
The doctor shivered involuntarily.
"You think I haven't accepted it? Of course it's bloody serious-- I'm risking my job here!" He turned fully to face Sherlock.
" Sherlock spat.
"Do your parents know that you smoke?"
John waited anxiously in the hallway, pacing about and poking his head around windows to check if any other surprise cleaners were working in the classrooms nearby.
"John- it's wet, you're going to slip." Sherlock frowned at him.
"You have a free period from teaching every Wednesday morning from 8.40am to 9.50am, during this time you enjoy the company of my younger brother until he is required in Chemistry. I am sure I do not need to state the obvious that you will not be seeing Sherlock this Wednesday for your usual jovial...
"He is an idiot to be caught up in Sherlock's ridiculous need for rebellion and childish escapades." Mycroft shook his head, his eyes falling to a pair of buskers across the street who had just begun playing.
Sherlock headed to Lestrade's classroom for his weekly tutor meeting, barging straight in without knocking as usual, Greg was usually inside stuffing his face with doughnuts or playing apps on his phone and cursing at the screen.
"Excited, then?" Lestrade mocked, turning his gaze to John who's shoulders were shaking with laughter, whilst he stretched to wipe the whiteboard clean.
"I'm just really worried,
They end up in a re-furbished 1950s cafe on the outskirts of London, they warmed themselves with travel cups of coffee until John led them back out to the car.
John smiled sadly for a moment, pulling against the magnetic field that was pushing his outstretched hand towards Sherlock's.
The silence between them stretched on as it normally did, this time absent of Mycroft's intermittent clicks of the mouse and clacks of the keys on the keyboard. Greg was just about to excuse himself again, when the Holmes brother opened his mouth, turning quietly to the ex-inspector. "How do you know?"
