But whenever he tried to say something, to hint his feelings, everything just froze and meaningless words he never meant to say tumbled out of his mouth. Tony probably thought he’d gone crazy judged by all the random stuff he suddenly talked about just to not talk about his feelings.
“Okay, okay”, Tony said loudly, now to everybody close enough to listen, “looks like you have to forgo our little show”
If somebody was at fault, he thought, it was Tony. And maybe a little bit himself for being utterly naïve. Probably the only thing Tony had been right about when insulting him.
Steve ignored his comments. He only needed to calm down, think of something utterly boring. But Tony was still standing close to him, all messed up and he had no problem with it. “You enjoy looking like you just fucked somebody, do you?”
Steve couldn’t stop his hands from finding their way to Tony’s hips, settling on there like they belonged there. Tony’s eyes followed his movement, his face showed triumph and the blonde immediately knew he had made a mistake. He wasn’t sure whether he should hate Tony for tricking him or if he should be amazed.
“I should have never engaged in that whole thing”, Steve murmured and mentally started to prepare himself. For a swift moment, he even considered leaving without saying anything but that felt like the wrong thing to do so he discarded that idea.
He took another sip from his drink and marveled at what heartbreak made him do. He wasn’t one for drinking, for trying to drown his thoughts. And yet here he was.
“Dream on”, Steve turned around, collecting all the other things he had to collect, “you’re nothing more than a bragging, snotty asshole”
And then they started walking to the three people sitting around the table, all of them smirking widely, and in case of Natasha, even a bit meanly.
He rang at Bucky’s place about 10 minutes too early and wasn’t surprised to find Bucky open the door looking a little bit rumpled.
“You don’t need to be that careful”, Tony whizzed and his gaze was taunting, “I did not bring you here for vanilla sex”
Therefore he just kept lying there, not able to move the tiniest bit. Tony next to him greedily sulked in the air, still panting. Steve closed his eyes, bathing in the aftermath of his orgasm, enjoying the calmness he felt now as well as the feeling of control – or something close to that. Tony’s body shifted next to him and Steve opened his eyes again.
He saw Tony smiling down on him, sensed how possessive that smile was, how it told him all he had to expect. Tony would fulfill every tiny bit of his promise and he loved it. He bucked his hips, not being able to stand the friction any longer, not being able to endure another moment without the promise of more touch. His muscles clenched a bit when he finally – finally! – felt Tony’s finger entering, but he eased them to relax. The intrusion felt a bit strange thought nothing more. As soon as Tony started to test the new territory the rather strange feeling changed more and more. It took not long until Steve moaned and craved for more. Tony understood and their lips met again for a hungry kiss when a second finger slid into him. This time – as he hadn’t had sex for a while now (moving and all that stuff) – it was a tiny bit uncomfortable and he started to swift a bit, trying to ease the friction, trying to make Tony move. The other did, his fingers curled and sent pleasure through Steve’s body while Tony’s fingers explored all the right spots. Soon, Steve started to move with the two fingers inside him, rocking back when they brushed over his prostate, his vision blurring for a moment. He was desperate, wanted more and this time it was him who connected their mouths, who pulled Tony closer to show him he wanted, needed, more. The other massaged his chock in response before another finger was entering. Three.
He felt his breath hitch when Tony’s lips arrived at his stomach and hands started to nestle with his trousers. Tony could probably sense his excitement and when he slowed down his movements with an evil little grin, Steve was reminded of why exactly he always felt the urge to punch the Tony. But there were still lips caressing his skin and hands that drew circles on their way closer to Steve’s inner tights, all of it there to seduce him. And to make him suffer. There were too many breathless moans to count them and it felt like minutes until Tony’s lips moved closer another time.
Bucky cut him short again. "The word with three letters you only write capital when you're drunk", he laughed, winking at Tony and then at Steve, "Relax. It's just Truth or Dare"
Clint only snorted and his gaze wandered from Steve to Tony and back. He sighed: “I won’t ask anything about it again. But you should seriously consider talking about your little problem.”
“We should stop”, Steve finally panted, his breath still heavy and his whole body hot. He could feel Tony’s equally messed up state beneath himself, could sense the heat radiating from the other. He saw a bulk in Tony’s tight-fitting trousers and knew that he had this problem himself. They needed to stop before they got carried away and somebody found them. “Scared they might see us?”, Tony asked, his voice still raw and ruffled, his pupils dilated, his cheeks red and hot. When Steve looked at him and the swollen, reddened lips he was way too close to giving in. he sulked in his breath, hoping the air would help his brain to work. But tony still managed to stop his synapsis from functioning correctly. “Scared of the consequences”, he replied and Tony chuckled. “I’d give them a great show”, he stated, his face back into that Cheshire grin.
“Is that a compliment?”, Tony asked teasingly and looked up at him through heavy lashed eyes. They were bedroom eyes in perfection and Steve loved them.
It felt like a physical blow delivered to some of his more sensible parts. Pepper looked smug with herself when studying his reaction and he only wondered what she wanted.
“You will pay for this”, he managed to say between gritted teeth and caught Tony’s lips again, this time leaving his marks on the other’s upper lip.
Steve could see what Tony liked about her. It made his skin crawl because they were so perfect for each other.
He remembered the time he had woken up next to Tony, still sleepy and it had been warm and comfortable. In this moment had been sure there was more between them. It hurt in hindsight. It had all been a lie he’d told himself because he’d been dumb enough to fall for a charming smile and a seductive body. He sighed and massaged his temples again. The headache was already forming and there was little he could do to stop it.
“And because we hate each other, there’ not need to hold back”, Tony’s breath was hot against Steve’s skin and his kiss was hard and without mercy, “and I know you don’t like holding back”
Mostly they talked about nonsense, stuff that was happening at school and meant nothing to both of them. When there was nothing in school, nothing about sports, they dared to talk about their private life, offering the other a glimpse of how their day to day life looked. Still, Steve was nothing more than an observer to Tony’s life as Tony wasn’t much more to his own. It was something they shared in one way and something that separated them in another. It was the one thing that kept them from being something like a couple, Steve thought. They shared a part of their thoughts with each other and under some perspective, they knew each other quite well. But the only thing they really shared, the only thing that really connected them was sex. Everything else was a bonus.
“So eager to prove something?”, Tony whispered into his ear, his voice hoarse and almost a tad submissive. Almost. If it hadn’t been Tony.
So in those nights, Steve liked to tell himself that something that couldn’t be described in words was not able to exist in first place and that Tony and he were merely sleeping with each other. It was a lie and it worked most of the time for both of them.
“Then I guess you are glad to hear that Pepper is not my girlfriend”, Tony smiled and still had to giggle, “God, she’s like a sister to me. We only pretend so people will stop asking me for dates all the time. That’s so annoying. One should think people wouldn’t try and marry into money in the twenthy first century”
“We should get you out of this”, he finally stated, his teeth nipping at Tony’s already reddened skin, underlining his words. “Definitively”, was all Tony managed to breath out before Steve pressed him harder against the wall and his lips against Tony’s. His hands roamed over the jumpsuit, greedily exploring the body hidden beneath. Tony had to sulk in his breath, admiring how Steve was everything he’d ever wanted. He started to rub his body against Steve’s, bringing them closer and apllying the friction he so desperately needed. His erection had started to grow the moment Steve had said ‘Deal’ in this particular voice.
Actually, it wasn’t even control that hold him back but rather the fear that slamming somebody against a wall whom he had slammed against a wall in a … different context before was not the cleverest idea.
“You can either continue to behave like a fucking idiot or stop that shit and talk to me”, he hissed, eyes full of fury, “because believe me or not, I want to get out of here too. Quickly”
Steve could feel and see that he was not fitting in. He wasn’t surprised at all. In fact, it was everything like he had expected it to be. When his parents told him the company they had been working for longer than his whole life would move to New York, he was doubtless about what awaited him. He had been raised in a little town, surrounded by miles of acres and nature. He knew all his neighbors by name and school had been about learning or friendship and not about status or trends.
Steve nodded, automatically. He shouldn’t be surprised, he thought, and yet he was. Hurt even. He sighed, deeply and massaged his temples.
He felt that weird tickle on his neck one got from being watched just when he wanted to trail back into his thoughts.
Even if there was no relationship between them, Tony never showed any sign of affection towards him. Steve felt his shoulders drop a bit and sensed how the smile on his face lost its naturalness and was more a forced grin than anything else. He inwardly sighed even though he tried to remain normal from the outside.
Tony tried hard to suppress any noises but he had no chance. It took only a couple of seconds and he heard a throaty little moan that Tony had probably tried to swallow. He grinned and swirled his tongue. The other’s breath hitched. Steve grinned around the dick in his mouth. A hand settled in his hair and he was pulled closer, his mouth becoming fuller and fuller. He felt Tony’s fingers shaking and his breast rising faster and faster under the pleasure. He swallowed hard and the hand in his hair pulled sharply, the fingers roughly gripping his hair.
I was pretty busy finishing my book (had a bet whether I would manage to write it until New Year's Eve) but now I finally found time to continue writing on this (I totally missed it).
Tony only grinned his Cheshire Cat grin, cunning and wicked: “It’s still a fight after all and I intend to win”
Steve knew he had a perfect hard-on and he knew that Tony wanted to hear him beg. He also knew that he did not want to. That was quite a conflict he had there. Tony’s hands settled on Steve’s hips after had gone rid of the other’s trousers. He could sense Tony’s satisfaction and couldn’t help but shudder when he felt the pressure of a body over his own. It made him think of all the things Tony could do now. Of all the things he was going to do. He felt lips again, sucking, slightly teeth, felt how they left marks on his skin and intensified his already fast-going breath.
The only outcome of the whole things was people gossiping about him. And- sadly- being extradited to Tony if he decided to play bully again. Steve sighed, loudly.
To my defense, being a law student is stressful but after this semester’s exams were written (and I was ill for a week) I finally managed to finish this chapter.
It was enough for Steve to sulk in air and shiver when cold air touched his sensitive skin. Goosebumps formed on his body, made him even more sensitive for Tony’s hot breath who had lowered himself down another couple of inches. Steve was still busy remembering to breath and keeping control of his body when Tony’s lips finally reached the part of his body where it got interesting.
Realizing you’re in love with the person you thought you hated after you spend weeks having sex with exactly this person was as troublesome and unnerving as it sounded.
I was puzzled for literally a few months what they were going to do to distract Steve, but then I remembered the scene that introduced Steve for the Avengers Initiative and well, the whole boxing thing just felt right.
“I’m not-“, Steve started once again but Tony’s fingers had reached the hem of his trousers and were terrifyingly slowly pulling down the zipper. Steve just stopped dead and honestly considered walking away. He had never been aware of any exhibitionist kink and was quite certain that he had no intention on finding out this way.
He rolled his hips, pressing his crotch against Steve’s hard-on, grinning wickedly. Steve knew that saying yes meant losing all his self-control. Completely and utterly. When Tony snapped his hips again, this time rubbing himself against Steve, all his thoughts went still and were replaced by the need to fuck Tony Stark.
“I didn’t think you’d be that normal”, Steve felt awkward saying it, thus it was true. He had expected Tony to be all the time the arrogant bragger, billionaire playboy. But actually, they were very much alike.
“Am I supposed to wait until perfect Steve has time for me? Why are you even surprised? – You were the one to remind me of my inability to form romantic relationships again and again!”, Tony hissed and his eyes focused on Steve with anger and maybe even betrayal in them. Steve couldn’t bring himself to care right now.
"If you can take it", Tony purred, his lips captured the blonde’s mouth, pulling him into a sloppy open mouthed kiss driven by want. Then the other’s hips went down, following the line of his neck. Steve already knew that Tony would bite him before he felt his teeth on his skin. He had known for the first moment that this was not about love or gentleness but about lust and power. It was not making love, maybe not even fucking, it was war. Roughly and intense, without a pause or mercy. And there was no way he would let Tony win.
Tony wants to slap himself in the face. What a stupid thing to say to your soulmate, who you still haven’t properly talked to about said soulmate status.
Tony sighs and drags his body up to sit again. "Please don't make me say it. That's gonna open a whole can of worms and I don't think you and I have the energy to collect right now. Like, trust me. It's better I'm the only one who knows this. I'll spare you the burden," he says, fast.
“Oh, Rhodey, hi, there,” Pepper greets him, just coming out of the kitchen. “Happy belated birthday,” she says, hugging him and then handing him a cup of coffee and an Alka-Seltzer, great present.
A stick to the soldier’s shoulder and the rest of the monsters get up, blood-thirst on their eyes. Not ready to comply, ready to kill.
"I—  I didn't know. I'm sorry," Tony says, averting his eyes from Clint and letting himself sink on the couch, too.
"It was not my first kiss since 1945," Steve adds, a little louder, and Natasha grins proudly. "I'm 95, I'm not dead," he says.
“Hey, don’t let me ruin Dad's idea of a Christmas present for you,” he says, shaking his hand. His mother gives him a look before standing up and walking up to him.
Pepper returns it slowly and then shrugs. “It’s my fault for deciding to apply to Stark Industries instead of Apple or something,” she says and Tony laughs before pulling her into a hug.
So he presses his palm on Tony's head and guides him down again and Tony's humming all the way through it.
He doesn't take long, as usual, and he meets Tony outside in no time. "Hey," Steve mutters, as he approaches him. "Do you know where—"
“Look, it’s not like I’m dying, ok? You look like I just told you I have a terminal disease, which, funny enough, wouldn’t be my first time,” Tony says, adding a playful note at the end there.
“I've seen colder,” Tony shoots back. “This one? This very vulnerable blue one, it needs Ultron,” he adds.
Tony takes a long look at her face, all her features, and takes it in. “You're the most gifted woman I've ever met—”
"— Wait, what did you say was his name?" Steve wonders and Peggy repeats. "I'm pretty sure that's his computer," Steve replies a beat after. Peggy just smiles in a reply.
“I’m not saying you have to go right now and ask him about it. I think it’s the touchiest topic for Tony,” Peggy explains. “But with time, I’m sure he’ll open up to you,” she adds.
Yu blinks at him and stands from his desk, taking a few steps to stand at Rhodey's feet. "Is there something you want to say to me, Colonel?" he says, almost at his face. "Because I will have to remind you that not only am I your superior officer but that my wife is Jewish, so you think long and hard before you pull that card on me," he warns.
They only broke their kiss for removing each other’s shirts, letting them fall to the floor carelessly. There was the need to touch, to hurt, to be close to each other. Steve couldn’t resist touching Tony’s body, exploring how the muscles tensed beneath is touch and how Tony shivered when his fingers brushed over his spine. It was gorgeous. And satisfying. Steve could already imagine him, moaning and begging, all trembles and sobs under him. He had to suppress a loud whine when Tony’s fingers seemed to accidentally brush over his crotch. The Cheshire grin on Tony’s face told him that it had not been that accidental. His lips were spread into a sinful smile, his fingers on his tights. It was a challenge, a way to make him even more angry. Tony seemed to enjoy anger and Steve found that he did too - If it meant tearing the other apart. Completely and utterly. His next movement was more of an attack than a loving gesture, almost slamming Tony against the wall and conquering his mouth, catching the other’s hand in midair and pressing them against the wall.
“There is no point in trying to keep your pride”, Tony said, that very smirk of his clearly painted on his face. Steve hated him for it. On the other hand, if it had been otherwise, he would have been disappointed.
“Especially after Mrs. Barnes told us that you’re with Bucky”, she added. Steve flinched a bit and wasn’t sure whether his parents were amused or angry.
Steve blinked a couple of seconds and then stared at Tony’s face for about a minute to be sure he was telling the truth. “If you did not stalk me, I guess we’re fine.”, he said indignant and relaxed. For some weird reason he still felt the urge to fight with the other. Thought he only settled on ill-humoredly drying his hands.
Steve saw the way Bucky looked at Sam when he said that and a smile crept on his face. “Not many people here…”, he commented and Bucky looked like he might kill him if he continued, “aside from Sam naturally”
“Do we really need to get drunk?”, Steve asked and looked with raised eyebrows at the various cocktails. No way he was taking any one of these.
Steve shook his head, forcefully interrupting his thoughts. No. Not that. Again. That was simply not fair. How could somebody he was only able to endure either drunk or in short intervals, drive him crazy that fast? Steve cramped his hands into each other, trying to rip that thought away.
Tony Stark seemed to be totally calm, lying next to him reading some kind of scientific journal. Naked. Buck naked.
And then there was the episode with the kitchen counter. Steve still had no clue how the heck they ended up there but what happened after they somehow got there was a pretty prominent memory.
“I thought I had to wait here forever”, Bucky complained when Steve entered the car with a mumbled “Sorry”
Tony only glared at him, all his actions screaming “prove it”. He felt nails tugging in the skin of his back, leaving marks and probably also little stripes of blood. By the way Tony moved his body, sucked on his skin he knew it was intentional. He didn’t care. Instead, he let his hands settle on Tony’s hips, placing them over the already reddened and darkened skin, sending them home. He steadied the other’s body, controlling his every movement before he started trusting. He was more than sure Tony wouldn’t need that much of gentleness. Tony’s hands tugged into his back even stronger, somewhere between desperately looking for a hold and angrily fighting for payback. He heard Tony’s moans better now, sensed how his body was torn between fighting and giving in, pushing back, getting more. He could see it in the other’s eyes, Tony’s body now rocking back against his trusts, seemingly not getting enough. Once Tony had stopped restricting himself, his movement uncontrolled, unrestricted, their kiss sloppy and intense, Tony’s tongue demanding, his fingers always torn between caressing Steve’s skin and destroying it. Now that Tony had stopped controlling himself, ssaying that Tony was loud in bed was wrong. He was indeed shameless. Steve wondered how nobody was checking on their room, but maybe the music was even louder than Tony’s moans and please, his low chuckles and hissed orders.
The suit twists its head a bit and plays: "I see a suit of armor around the world." It's Tony's voice, a couple of days ago.
“I’ll fly us,” Barton offers, entirely interested. Steve turns to look at Agent Romanoff, who catches his sight and rolls her eyes, half-amused.
At that Tony looks out the window, into the bright blue sky. A sky that only some 32 hours ago had aliens coming out of it. “First? I gotta clean up this mess,” he says, still looking out the window.
Clint stands in front of the hammer and looks at Thor. "You know I've seen this before, right?" he asks him with raised eyebrows.
Rhodey stands in front of him, expressionless, and regards Álvarez, who stands taller than him. This is a man –a colleague—he hasn’t seen in years, hasn’t heard of in years; he doesn’t know Rhodey, so he won’t let him get away with an asserted read on his own damned self, hell no.
Tony swallows and adjusts on his seat. "Yeah. Uhm, is there anyway you can put rum in this coke and turn it into a Cuba Libre?" he asks, pointing at his own glass.
"Who the hell is Bucky?" he asks in a heartbeat and draws his gun to shoot but someone kicks him from the back.
“It’s only sweet at nighttime, dude. You come here at 2 PM on a sunny day and you’ll get the tan of your life,” he jokes, taking two bottles at once and flipping them open.
Steve chuckles. “Maybe. But maybe I just think your mind is rushing, like a thousand miles per hour and – we just need to walk a little.”
Tony does half a shake. "It's alien technology, not magic," he says like he's mildly offended at the assumption.
At that Tony’s eyebrows raise. “Oh, you’re gonna love this. I’ve been working on him for the entire week, just got it done this morning —or you know, whatever you call 4 AM—, J,” he says out loud, like he’s calling someone. “Say hi, buddy,” Tony adds.
She puts a strand of hair behind her ear. “I can get them for you and give it to Gina,” she offers. “You don’t find this stuff just anywhere,” she adds with a shy smile.
Tony spots him —as Rhodey said— by the balcony, his hands holding onto a drink as he rests his forearms by the edge. Tony decidedly stared at his ass before pulling the door open.
"But— he's not dead! You're not dead," Allen speaks, turning from him to Fury. "I just gotta say, sir. It's an honor. I always knew you couldn't just die like that," he goes, taking Fury's hand to shake.
And when Maya exits the bathroom, she stands by the threshold and looks at Pepper, a nervous smile on her face.
Tony looks at him for a second before he pouts. "Actually, Clint seems to think neither of us is the problem. It's this thing," Tony says before he can think better, as he raises his wrist a little.
“They do, don’t they?” he asks, smiling, but Pepper doesn’t comply. “Alright, fine. He was just—” Tony says, pointing at the suit.
“Ever since my beloved Ana lost the possibility of baring our children at a young age, there’s nothing on Earth I have wanted more than a child. Just one. I’d ask that on almost every prayer but it could not happen and without my Ana, I wouldn’t try anyway,” he says what Tony had much gathered since he was twelve and old enough to question why Jarvis didn’t have kids of his own. “Not long after, you came into your father’s life and that was about as far as I could get my wish, Tony. Even Ana saw it like that,” he says, his eyes shining with a peaceful nostalgia.
Rhodey steps in just in time to seen Tony walking down the stairs, sweatpants and a two-size bigger ACDC t-shirt that might or might not have a coffee stain on his chest.
Tony frowns at Rhodey's response and tilts his head. "I thought you just got here from abroad. And you always take a few days to get back to me after you've cleared with the big guys in Washington," Tony says. "Plus, there's a weird look on your eyes right now, like you're half-here, half-somewhere else," he adds, taking steps towards him.
Rhodey takes the plate with the Churros and smiles politely at the guy, then he hands Tony his plate.
“God bless the serum,” Steve says and Tony chuckles. Steve’s not sure if it’s their little biological link, but being the one to make Tony smile makes him feel right in all ways possible. “Jokes aside, what you did was the bravest thing I’ve ever witnessed. And I’m sure Peggy knows that,” he adds, trying to sound reassuring.
He then was rescued by Cap and served the country in the elite combat unite known as the Howling Commandos before he was assumed dead after he fell from a speeding train between the mountains of the Alps in 1944.
“I—uhm,” he begins, then swallows. How does he explain he’s spent almost all his conscious life hating and generally being jealous of Captain America, who is now, by some twisted, mean God his soulmate? “We had never met, this is—this is the first time we see each other,” he says, like that explains anything.
"Sorry, Mr. Pierce, I— I forgot my phone," the woman says, entering the room unannounced. Her eyes land on him almost immediately, and he can feel her fear like he can feel the air conditioner.
"We know. We just got back from Al Bahah. They said you took a detour," Maria says behind her sunglasses, then looks around her. "Any reason why you fancied yourself a little European trip in the middle of a crisis?" she asks, and Rhodey knows there's no malice in her question, she's just teasing him.
Steve looks down and rolls his tongue down his lips. “And, uh—” Steve clears his throat. “Stark?” he asks, trying to seem nonchalant. Like asking about him isn’t nearly killing him of expectation.
“Relax, I have steady hands. Why do you think you're still alive, huh?” he says, pouring it into the mold Tony made just before.
“The Phillies have managed to tie up at 4-4. But the Dodgers have three men on. Pearson beaned Reiser in Philadelphia last month. Wouldn't the youngster like a hit here to return the favour?” the voice sounds around the room and it clicks, he remembers that, his first time on a baseball field
The only thing that could be heard in the room was their shaky breaths and the sound of skin against skin that made him almost blush like a prude.
Bucky blinks at him like he's gone crazy and laughs. "What do you mean what am I doing here? We won! I'm celebrating," Bucky says, raising his bottle at him before putting his arm around Steve.
"Where did Captain America learn how to steal a car?" Natasha asks, looking at him attentively, brow furrowed as if she's mildly offended or something.
The woman, tall with her high-heels and long neck, stands there for a couple of seconds but then she sighs. “This isn’t gonna work—”
Tony stares at him with something in his eyes Steve can’t quite place and he blinks before Steve can carve that look in his brain.
“Uhm, Miss—Potts?” Rhodey calls after one more check in her file. “Is Monday good for you to begin?” he asks. She looks at him, then back at Tony, fixes her bangs and nods.
“Truth is…I am Iron Man,” Tony declares into the mic, into the world. He’s managed to build this perfect, good thing out of a shitty situation –even more shitty turn of events, when you come think of it — so he might as well take some pride in it.
"We got our asses handed to us," Clint explains. "It was the witch. She messed with their heads," he adds
“You know, keep making fun of me and I won’t use my pull to get you into Harvard, young lady,” he says but Rhodey’s sister scoffs.
“So, you’ve been busy,” Álvarez says, making a sign for the bartender to get him something. “As soon as I got back, few days at the base and you’re pretty much what everyone talks about,” he adds but Rhodey waves him off, and misses when Tony quietly leaves them, smiling into his glass. Guess he doesn’t know better.
Sam nods at him and pats him in the back, then he looks at his watch and finishes his drink in one last go. "Alright, I think I'm done for the night," he says, turning from the reel.
Sam gives Steve a brief look of confusion before he looks back to Natasha. "Not everyone," he says, before moving to leave space for them to come inside.
Tony looks up again and glances at the roof, mildly annoyed. "You know that's not true. I've provided you with everything— your weapons, your uniforms. A roof over your heads—"
Rhodey points at her. "Nuclear codes," he says. "Look we need to make some calls, assuming we still can."
Steve sees Tony swallow as the images flash and the Colonel crosses his arms as they watch the footage Steve saw on the news channel before. Once it’s done, Rhodes reaches for his jacket pocket.
Rhodey raises his eyebrows and then looks at Tony, his face completely stern. "Thanks," he says, but he looks like he's holding back a glare.
Pepper understands —to a certain level, she always has— but it’s not a secret that him being a superhero is one of the reasons she overstresses more than the average CEO.
Tony turns to look at Steve and he finds the Captain with his mouth slightly open, looking back to him. "If this guy got out of Wakanda with some of their trade goods..." Tony trails off.
Two days had to pass before they gathered enough strength to go to the hospital. Happy having already woken up.
But when he wakes up everything goes piercingly slow. He breathes into consciousness, in a dark cave, something going from his nose all the way down his throat.
The man's lips curve upwards. He can't remember the last time anyone's made him notice their every moves with such careful attention.
“Yes, I do. One hundred percent, right, Rhodey?” Tony answers, turning back to Rhodey sitting behind the big table. “I believe you’re perfect for this position. It has nothing to do with the fact that I just insulted your grandmother’s name and am terribly sorry,” he adds and the woman looks like she’s smacking him in her head.
“It’s alright Ed, I deserve it,” Tony mutters, opening the door to the living room. “Hey, Aunt Pegs,” he greets and Peggy presses her red lips together, her eyes piercing.
“Well, the scepter,” Tony asks, making his way through his lab. “You see, we were wondering how Strucker got so inventive. So, I've been analyzing the gem,” he says, going to his computer to get JARVIS’ matrix out to show Bruce his new discovery. “— inside. You may recognize…”
Rhodes closes his eyes and sighs again. “I don’t want to fight over this again. Don’t put me in a position to pick between you and my duty, Tony, please.”
Tony takes the helmet off just so she can see him smugly grinning and he doesn’t turn to look but Tony knows, as soon as his mask is off,
Steve is chewing his pepperoni pizza as Obi-Wan is yelling at Anakin that he loved him. "Uff," he puffs a breath, overwhelmed, with his mouth full.
He moves past the mannequins and straight into a memorial. 'A Fallen Comrade,' it says and his heart stops at the image.
Tony scoffs and continues walking, trying to make his way out. “He was out of his league,” he retorts, shaking his head. “He should have waited. He should have—”
Tony nods and smiles. “You finally saw Peggy?” he asks, moving back to his glass of—whatever he’s having.
Hydra wasn't dead. It was more alive and in power than ever and Steve would feel like crying for three days straight if it wasn't for the fact that he was pissed and ready to punch people.
But Tony can't be bothered, and under no circumstances can he leave. All there is now, like it has been lately, is work to do.
He walks through the building and makes it to the HR offices thanks to the help of the signposting gods. He taps on the open glass door and enters.
Tony makes it to the Stark Industries Headquarters in California in no time. It had been something of about ten months since he’d been here, and it doesn’t matter how his name is plastered everywhere, there’s barely an inch of himself in here.
“Alright, I don’t get it. What’s so wrong about Steven Rogers?” Pepper asks him. Tony lets his arms fall to his sides and then looks at Rhodey, who’s expecting him to elaborate, too.
Then there are light feet running from his left and Clint lets go of the woman. "Oh, incoming," he mutters as he looks to Natasha and then goes to the threshold.
Bruce takes a breath and Tony swallows. He knows in his heart this is the right thing to do. They need to be ready for whatever’s out there, and this thing is the only thing that can help them achieve that.
As the doors of the elevator swing slide open, Steve finds his place spotless, just as he left it. “Uhh, right, why would he be here,” Steve mutters to himself, then clears his throat. “Mister Jarvis, where’s Tony?” he asks.
They hit the road. Pepper puts the Iron Man helmet in the car's trunk to make sure no one has access to it or Tony's private message. After they've been driving silently for fifteen minutes, Pepper turns her head slightly to glance at Maya. "Why were you at the house tonight? What was so important that you had to speak to Tony?"
"Language!" Cap warns him through the comms and Tony almost stops mid-flight. Absolutely ridiculous. "Jarvis, what's the view from upstairs?" Cap asks later then.
Steve looks down and smiles, too. “Yeah. It was—it was due,” he says, but Tony’s got his back to him behind the bar.
I feel a little bad I keep exploring SteveTony here while BuckyRhodey gets a little butchered by the fact that canon hasn't had Bucky show up in the movies again. So, I kinda had to skip a bit from this fic and write something for them on the side:
“Agent Romanoff, could you show Dr. Banner to his laboratory, please,” Nick asks and Agent Romanoff walks towards them.
“Sure thing. I’ll protect your ass, Rhodes. No harm will come to it,” Álvarez adds, totally inappropriately.
“I think Loki's trying to wind us up. This is a man who means to start a war, and if we don't stay focused, he'll succeed,” he tells them, his volume high. “We have orders, we should follow them.”
In the dead darkness, Tony takes unsteady steps on unsteady ground. His armor is ripped and the cold creeps into the coziness inside the suit, freezes his skin underneath it. He’s not wearing the layer of underarmor; he’s bare, naked.
“Tony Stark: Visionary. Genius. American patriot,” the video plays on as it shows images of Tony. Rhodey managed to arrive just in time before the ceremony started, after people from the Apogee Award protocol department approached him to make an appearance, giving Tony his statue.
"I don't know, Rhodes. How are any of them possible? The Hulk, Thor, Captain America himself?" Yu counters, his arms open. "We're living in darker times."
“You must be Mister Jarvis,” Rhodey greets back, with a little nod. They don’t smile but it’s polite enough.
So he got about twelve hours of sleep for the first time in three months. That’s something. No wonder he feels good.
“Don’t worry, it's a secluded area, away from the action, and he won’t even be there long. You know I wouldn’t let him go there if it wasn’t safe,” Rhodey adds, reassuring.
"Tony!" Steve yells, his face smushed in small horror. Tony opens his mouth, raising his eyebrows, and shrugs. "
“Мистерьозен мъж,” Nadejda greets him once he makes it to her little stand. He likes her; she’s as old as Rebecca would be now.
“Tony, is this guy familiar to you?” Rhodes asks, after taking his phone out and showing Tony something Steve isn’t in the right angle to see.
“Álvarez?” Rhodey asks, frowning. His old roommate from IFT stands, in civilian clothes, in front of him. “What are you doing here?” Rhodey asks, offering a hand.
“You can put that on the back seat, Bruce. I—I’ll be right with ya’,” Tony tells him, pointing out at his sports car. Bruce follows and then Tony’s turning, walking towards him.
"You ready to shoot darts at my head when this is done?" Tony says, stuffing his hands into his pockets, trying for casual.
He shakes his head instead and puts a hand on her face. "Hey, don't worry. I'll get you better, okay? I almost had this 20 years ago, when I was drunk— and with Maya's help, it'll be easier. This is what I do, Pep. I fix stuff," Tony says, trying to calm her.
They order two cheeseburgers for Tony and Steve only has a glass of coke because he ate just a few hours ago. Tony devours his food like the starved man he probably is and Steve takes the sheet of paper and the pencil he got from his room in the Tower out of his jacket pocket.
So he pulls him by the collar, a few inches down, and kisses him messy on the lips. Álvarez smells like coffee and cologne and his scotch; it takes Rhodey all good of three seconds to gather that before he lets go.
“Shit, Jimmy, this some sweet spot you got here,” Mickey says, the illicitly-acquired six-pack hangs loosely off his left hand.
"No, no. Don't touch me!" Pepper screams. "I'm gonna burn you," she adds, her breath catching up as she gets more nervous.
Steve takes a breath and goes for two cups and then pours the coffee into them. He takes them both in his hands and goes over to the living room, gesturing with his chin for Tony to follow.
"Alright, folk. Today was awesome. Let's wait a few weeks before doing that again, huh?" Clint says, doing a little salute before going into the elevator with the rest.
Rhodey goes back to giving him one of his brand sphinx looks. "So what? You're saying my soulmate is alien?"
Rhodey feels like he can finally breathe as he spots him –shouting and waving a hand frenetically—, it’s like suddenly air is back in his lungs. He falls to the ground, on his knees, with his hand up high, doing a peace sign as Rhodey lands just a few meters away from him.
The man pauses, tilts his head to the side, and concludes: “Well, then, this is a very important week for you, isn't it?”
He’s spent so much time of his life wanting to hate Steve Rogers that now he doesn’t know what to do to keep him.
Tony closes the files and decides to focus on Doctor Bruce Banner instead; maybe the answer to get the upper hand is there.
James was him before all of this. Some time he can't trace back. Some time they took from his mind to make room for all the other things he knows. The useful things.
“So, you think you got the other diversity slot?” Álvarez wonders, boldly, sitting back on his own bed. Rhodey turns only to frown at him and then back to taking out his white pajama shirt. “I’m only asking ‘cause I’m certain that’s what they did with me,” he adds.
“Cap? You’re with us?” Rhodey says, trying to bring him back. Steve blinks in response and nods at him, smiling.
Tony tilts his head and lets out a breath. “Actually, no. It’d been a week. I was working with Maya to get Pepper’s cure—“
“I’m going back there, sir,” Rhodey says, unflinching. It’s his fifth trip back to Afghanistan since Tony was captured — his fifth try in the mission of finding his best friend that has otherwise been unsuccessful—, but the mark on his shoulder grows fainter each day and Rhodey can’t sit and wait ‘til it’s too late.
He closes his eyes and lets out a breath silently, his head doing a little twitch. He can't call down too much attention on him or they'll know.
"I got nothing," Tony mutters because he really doesn't. Just minutes ago he watched her fall to her death, unable to do a damn thing about it, but now she was here again.
“Great, Dayana,” Tony repeats, getting it right. Spanish it’s not his forte of the romance languages. “So, Miss Dayana, I was wondering if you could provide me with some assistance?” he asks, leaning on the counter.
He can’t feel his hands anymore, his heart rate is getting lower and lower but his brain is at full speed. A name, a mark, most people have it. The cold catches up to him.
Tony looks at him from behind his sunglasses for a while and then looks down, too. “In that case, then, I was wrong, too. I didn’t mean what I said, you’re much more than a bottle,” he says, his tone jokingly. Steve huffs a laugh at that.
“Well, offer still stands. Don’t go hurting yourself out there,” she says and Tony gives her a smile before ending the call.
"I'm telling you it isn't!" Tony interrupts her, his words harsh. "I'm on the street. People are going bang, they're painting the walls. Maya," he adds, with a pleading note. "You're kidding yourself."
God, Steve can still see him when he closes his eyes. The look of horror on his eyes as the switch in his brain went on.
They arrive at Edwards with absolutely no delay. Rhodey only asked him about anything he knew on the Ten Rings, and Tony provided them with everything he could, carefully omitting just how he got out, managing to say he “created a few weapons” that aided him in his escape. Rhodey didn’t buy it, but his superiors did, and he didn’t keep on pushing it.
He stands up without glancing back and he leaves for the crime scene, right where Loki should’ve never gotten in so easily.
Steve can’t help himself from returning it. “I still wanted to say it, though,” he says, a second later, looking down this time. It’s not the only thing he wants to talk about, but he fears it’s the only thing they can afford to talk about.
“Yeah, uh, no. It’s fine, I—” Tony starts stuttering and then takes another breath, trying to work his way around words. “I feel like I spent a lot of time going on all wrong about this and that was uncalled for. Really. So, yeah. Like I said: I wanna make up for it. But also, I—I don’t know how. And my… experiences with, uh, relationships and all that, it’s less than remarkable and I don’t want to screw up because – and trust me, I can screw up in monumental ways, just ask anyone who’s ever known me – well, it’s this thing and I don’t—”
He rolls over, runs a hand through his hair, and before he can try to see where Steve’s at, his phone rings in his pocket:
Tony just smiles at her. "Well, it's me. You'll think of something," Tony says, trying to reach her for a hug.
“Help— help my wife. Please. Help,” the man pleads in English. He grabs him by the hair and pulls him up. The man looks at him with shock and he finds something vaguely familiar in the brown of his eyes.
The faceplate lifts up and Rhodey goes, unflinching: “You have known me as War Machine, now you know me as Iron Patriot. America is my home. As a wise man once said, our flag – that’s the blood of the men who died building this country, and the stars they were looking up to. As Iron Patriot, I carry them wherever I go and I promise to help you if you need my help, regardless of your color, nationality or beliefs. Because our primary founding stone is that of freedom and love. And as of right now, the Mandarin threat is my top priority, that I assure you.”
“Miss Carter,” Jarvis calls instead and Peggy pops out of the other room; she must’ve heard the whole thing.
Steve looks at his reflection on Tony’s sunglasses and bites his lip; his heart on his throat. “I wanted to apologize – for my words back at the carrier. I was rude and out of line and—”
“Whatever. You just got shitty taste,” he says. Álvarez smiles and then goes into the bathroom. In the sudden quietness of the room, Rhodey remembers the missing part of him.
“It's like calisthenics. You might have missed a couple things, you know, doing time as a Capsicle,” Tony explains, all a little too condescendingly.
“It's very good, then. It's impressive,” Thor says, smiling politely as he raises his glass to drink.
As he flies through broken walls and dust and smoke, Tony directs the armor to attach to Pepper's body, protecting her from the impact while he hits the wall hard.
But Steve doesn't even blink and pointedly decides to ride every electrical wave Tony sends through his body with just one look. His wrist tingles with acknowledgment, his heart aches with longing for a relationship that hasn't even had a chance to start.
“Then listen to me,” Rhodes says, almost pleading. “Trust me, I got this covered.” He puts a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
What he feels is not new, it's not recent. It's old, ancient. What he feels burns with a fire he can't comprehend, to a time he can't think back to.
“No, wait,” Tony says, standing up, driven by his embarrassment. “You know what? You got the job,” he announces, and Rhodey’s mouth falls open just slightly. “I was just telling Rhodey how I think it’s impressive that you—” he snaps his fingers at Rhodey to give him something.
"Well, first of all, we're calling them 'enhanced' to avoid sounding like a cartoon character but, yeah, I don't know. Can I be honest with you?" Rhodey asks, more rhetorically than anything.
,” Rhodey says, finally getting it and Tony shakes his hands in tiny fists, happy. Rhodey actually laughs at that, he looks like Lila getting presents in Christmas. “Alright, congrats on the sex, man,” he says, offering Tony his hand to clasp.
He hears a deep sigh on the other line and waits a few seconds when Peggy goes, warmly: "You're late."
"It means the mark can be read as a vulnerability. And in your line of work you don't need that, right? So you must build these walls around you, keep your truths to yourself. It's protection," he says and Natasha stares at him like he's only half-wrong.
Nick follows what Steve’s pointing out and sighs. “Yeah, that— that’s Agent Barton. He…got compromised short after Loki’s arrival. He found a way to twist Barton’s mind into working for him; then Barton disconnected his line, we can’t track him,” Nick explains, looking somber.
They build the other five Cryostasis Chambers in record time, one next to the other, with his own standing in the middle. All the soldiers can be far more effective and skillful than he is but he still comes first; he’s controllable, obedient. The first Hydra fist. An example for them to follow.
But Tony smiles bitterly. “So, I come home to visit and they leave. Fantastic,” he says, looking down.
"No, you will," Tony says before he grabs her in his arms and lays her on a couch that was nearby. Then he calls for help for Maya.
On the screen, they’re showing the latest news on an attack in Oman, where fifteen people got killed and other twenty-two got injured in a Transamerica soil factory.
Tony puts his hands on Steve’s shoulder and pushes him just slightly into the tiny room, just in the right spot for him to get the view without spoiling the whole thing in one go. “Okay, open,” he instructs.
He knew facing the reality that time had passed was gonna wash over him like a tsunami, knock him off his feet with a powerful force.
Steve washes his hands and, for the first time in days, he looks at it. He rubs his thumb across his 'Anthony Stark' and sighs. He has to call him. He has to let him know all the shit-show that's going down.
His father gives a quick glance at him and his eyebrows rise. “Oh, Tony, thought you were Jarvis for a second there,” he says, the cigar hanging on his mouth.
In the middle of the Afghan desert, Tony stands like an imposing statue; looking even bigger than he is with his Armani suit and Carrera sunglasses.
“Sounds good,” Steve says, but his eyelashes are long and on display as he’s still looking down at Tony’s lips.
“Yes, sir. I made sure to add the record to my report. And may I add, the President is very much looking forward to talking to you.” But Allen’s voice sounds doubtful.
"Your bed, it's too soft," Sam goes. "When I was over there, I'd sleep on the ground, use rocks for pillows, like a caveman. Now I'm home, lying in my bed, and it's like—"
Thor chuckles and Tony feels justified in his goofy smile. “I'm going to miss these little talks of ours,” he says, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder now.
He presses his fingertips on his eyes and then cleans the tears off his face, his head still down and he knows he’d be nursing a migraine right now if he could.
“I do. It looks less grim. You can see through the windows again. I take it that’s a good sign?” Rhodey says, after taking another look around.
So he throws another punch like he's fighting his brain, not this man. He's fighting something bigger than him and he can't win.
“He does miss you when you’re not here,” Maria says, after his father’s disappeared to another room.
“Sounds exhausting,” Tony says, turning back again towards one of the screens. “The rest of the raw materials, Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily. Only major component he still needs is a power source of high energy density,” he explains, taking enough time to put his hacking chip on one of the computers. “Something to kick-start the cube,” he finishes.
"Is a woman," Steve clarifies, turning to look at Tony. "I believe there's quite a difference there."
His hunch was telling him Barnes wasn’t a bad guy, and as crazy as he knew that sounded, he believed it.
"Because it's fun. Isn't it fun, Nat?" Clint asks but Natasha's too busy talking to the little girl about her braids.
“Well, of course. But, Miss Hansen, my organization has been tracking your research since year two of MIT,” he says, walking towards them.
Tony doesn't even hesitate as he speaks to the cameras and microphones. There's only the thought of Happy lying on a bed, fighting for his life, in his head.
Tony falls to the floor on his knees. “Power down,” he instructs, in a shaky breath, his hands up and the suit does as told, then its parts collapse on the floor.
“Bucky,” he calls himself in the mirror until it feels right. Because James never does. Because Soldat doesn’t either, not anymore.
He knocks on the door once and waits a few seconds, no reply. He tries the handle and it moves open.
Pepper smiles at Tony and then takes Tony’s hands off her slowly. “I only didn’t show it to you when you first asked me because we weren’t close enough. Then I’d thought you’d think different of me and then I got to know you and I knew you wouldn’t but—I don’t know, I guess I kept waiting for the perfect moment to tell you and something always happened, either you’d get kidnapped by terrorists or slowly killed by poison or some psycho Russian or—”
There’s a sick feeling on the tip of his tongue as Rhodey feels both stupefied and offended that Álvarez would say –would even think— that of him just ‘cause of some half-scarred, stupid mark he has no control over, but he agrees. Some topics just cannot be discussed. Some things cannot be addressed.
It took Sam and Bucky not very much time to agree on a place to go, more or less at least. They ended up in Bucky’s car, both of them discussing eagerly while Steve stared out on the full parking lot, instinctively searching for Tony’s car, and wondered if Tony was right now inside their school building, holding hands with Pepper Potts, flirting, kissing her even. It made his skin crawl. He did not want to share Tony. He did not want himself to feel this way. Instead, he wanted nothing more than to forget.
“But let’s talk about more interesting topics”, Sam looked at him with the outmost curiosity, “how was the sex then?”
Tony only looked at him in utter confusion, his eyes searched for some glues, first in Steve’s face than in his posture. “I’ve no idea what the fuck you are talking about, country pumpkin. But if you honestly intent to start a fight”, his chocked eyebrows pointed at his tense muscles, “please be kind enough and explain me why”
Tony only smirked at him, inching closer, presenting his body pretty much aggressive to Steve. “I could just get rid of all clothing”, he purred, his eyebrows raised suggestively, “or we could do it right here” He had reached Steve now and let his hands settle on the other’s hips, pressing their bodies together.
Bucky laughed and somehow Steve had to laugh too: “Oh God, I can’t believe you two dragged me here to talk about my sex life”
in his hands- no doubt it was alcoholic- and forced him forward: “Have you never dreamed of going to such a party? Lots of people who are all drunk and won’t remember anything tomorrow, alcohol that is not cheap and bad tasting, expensive furniture, the richest guy I’ve met so far…”, he teased thought there was still some honest disbelief in his friend’s voice.
“I shouldn’t have mentioned it in first place?”, Steve sighed, looking at Tony warily. He kind of expected him to start stripping right away only to reveal said briefs. He rolled his eyes and stated demonstratively with his hands on his hips: “You will not enter our bedroom in this jumpsuit”
Tony only raised an eyebrow, his face perfectly calm and arrogant: “At least I have the money.”, he said, grinning widely, “and the friends” Tony looked around, showing off all the empty space where Steve’s friends could have been. If he had some. “Looks like you’re such a bore people don’t talk to you”
But it seemed like Tony had something else in mind. His eyes connected with Steve’s and Steve felt like Tony was winking at him playfully. There was no way he could have predicted what happened next. He felt Tony’s mouth relaxing around him, felt him taking even more of his length. The friction made him groan and then scream when Tony took all of him. He seemed to possess a magical talent for relaxing his mouth and throat. Or lot of experience. That basically was the last time his brain worked properly before everything went blank when the other started moving. First, he slightly moved his head before his movements sped up and so did the friction. Steve heard himself moan and when he wasn’t moaning he was screaming. Oh God.
Obviously he could. “You enjoy it. You’re only to proud to admit it”, Tony declared and once again there was no need to see his face. The Cheshire grin was in his voice open and clear.
“How do you think I want to say sorry?”, Tony’s pupils were dilated, his voice breathless. His lips ghosted over Steve’s neck, before teeth replaced the softness of his mouth.
“You”, the red-haired pointed at Tony, still with that wicked sparkling eyes, “have to give him”, her finger wandered to Steve and stopped right in front his breast, “a lap dance.”
Tony came to life again, his body eased into Steve’s grip and Tony leaned in closer: “Maybe I did”, he whispered.
There will be some more talking and of course I owe you some smut now (I feel bad for Bucky's couch thought)
He felt wetness on his cheeks and knew he was crying. The last time he had cried was the first day in their new flat, when he missed his old home. Know he missed Tony. Pain and sadness and anger kept flooding his mind. It felt like an eternity in which he only sat there and stared at his drink, thinking about Tony and their relationship, his feelings, their fight, about what Tony might feel.
But the other only laughed. “Kind of. But surprisingly I used to be quite popular too. Back at home. I simply don’t understand you city people. Makes no sense at all what you’re doing.”
“Do you enjoy winning so much?”, Steve replied and there was derision in his voice, mirroring how Tony always talked, how arrogant and self-pleased.
Steve was so close his whole body was desperate, his muscles already clenching a bit, his fingers now literally tearing Tony’s skin. His body moved so hard back against Tony’s thrusts he was scared to break something but then he didn’t care as long as he got his release. At a particular angled thrust he lost himself in all the sensations as his orgasm rushed over him. The bliss when he finally came sent his sight turning white and left his whole body on fire, his heart pounding and his back arching while he was taken away by all the pleasure that washed over his body. He barely felt Tony’s hands gripping his waist, steadying him before he took everything he needed to come himself. The new sensation mixed with the aftermath of his orgasm and when Tony retreated, his vision was still blurred and thought were only slowly coming back while his body tried to relax. His breath was heavy as was Tony’s but his lips curled in a weak smile anyways: “Just tell me I don’t have to sign anything.”
It’s coffee for now and then he can hit the market. He sits and drinks the warm beverage; lets it roll down his throat with the accustomed ease and breathes in the clear air coming from the window.
Tony moves one shoulder. “He wasn’t there back then. Or anyone on that video for the matter,” Tony says and Rhodes nods at him and looks down. Tony shifts on his spot and takes a step closer to his friend. “Rhodey, what’s going on?”
Sam smiles at him before giving him a hug. "Oh, I almost forgot—" Sam says, right after letting go of the hug, his hands on Steve's shoulders, then he goes on a lower tone, nearly whispering: "about our little— private Ryan. I think someone else is looking for him, too."
“You know, you could've just said that’s what you were going to do. I would’ve understood,” Rhodey says, but he's mocking David a little. “Was it your soulmate?” he asks, still smiling, and Álvarez opens the water tap.
Steve turns to him from the threshold. "To become better," he answers. "Better than us. He keeps building bodies."
Steve nods with a sure smile. Then he turns to look at the compound, with that strong jaw of his, and says: “I'm home.”
“Curve ball, high and outside for ball one. So the Dodgers are tied, 4-4. And the crowd well knows that with one swing of his bat, this fellow's capable of making it a brand-new game again. Just an absolutely gorgeous day here at Ebbets Field,” the voice echoes in the room and he moves his head just enough to catch the rest of the room.
“A lot of people were. You were the world's first superhero. Banner thought gamma radiation might hold the key to unlocking Erskine's original formula,” the man who came to pick him up at his apartment an hour before – Coulson – explains.
“Nothing, Tony, it’s just— I know your father would’ve wanted for you to run Stark Industries instead,” Peggy says.
Tony loses his grin and stares at him blankly. Then he sighs and rubs his fingertips against his temple. “Yeah, I’ve been—busier.”
He sacrificed for little, but at least he’d be able to rest easy now, knowing the Tesseract would never be in the wrong hands again.
Tony’s eyes lazily begin to open, his body uncurling from the position he was laying. He yawns into his palm and breathes in the coffee smell. Then he notices.
Rhodey goes downstairs slowly, still sipping on his coffee. Tony — being a kind soul he is — turns the volume of the loud Nickleback playing down and Rhodey's headache thanks him wholeheartedly.
So Bucky becomes really aware of his surroundings all of the sudden and he turns his head just slightly to properly look at the man, seemingly casually picking some apples.
“You, too, Steve,” Peggy says. “Make sure you come back when you can,” she adds, squeezing his hands. “And bring Tony with you. It’s been far too long since I saw him.”
“Well, I did do all the heavy lifting. Literally, I lifted the heavy things. And sorry, but the security snafu? That was on you,” Tony reminds her.
His mother hasn’t finished opening the door of the apartment before Rhodey’s launching himself at her.
"I'll be down in a minute," she says and Clint nods, leaning into her touch once more before she leaves with the team's new addition.
"Right. Don't want people to go thinking you're a gold digger or something," Sam tries again to lighten the mood but Steve's laugh falls a little flat.
Pepper holds back a little chuckle. “I’ll email you the schedule. There’s a couple of board meetings this week,” she says, getting up, and looking at her watch. “Oh, and they asked me to remind you, as I’m sure you must’ve forgotten with all the mess: MIT needs you to confirm your assistance to the alumni honors lecture next month,” she tells him, moving her bangs a little.
“Bet it helps that you have the President on speed-dial and little golden boy over there,” he says, joking. He hasn’t changed a bit.
He gains the upper hand in seconds but then the man grabs that damn shield back and almost rips the arm off, then flips him over with all his strength and his mask falls off.
When he turns, he sees her and his heart flutters and shrinks. Peggy Carter stands shorter than she was but somehow bigger. Her brown waves are entirely white and way less shiny. Her eyes have gotten to a lighter shade of brown, dulled down but as she walks over to him, her eyes shine.
"Oh, well, I didn't put it on my report because it's, well— it's hallways gossip. But Jen sorta slipped something yesterday and, now that you're free, I think they're gonna ask you for something. Some top-level shit," Allen shares, being as vague as possible.
They continued talking as the night went on, moving on to the couch at one point. And as Steve told Tony about his first-and-only visit to Los Angeles during his touring days, Tony fell asleep, resting against the back of the couch, facing him.
“Buddy, you don’t even know. I came to the house to run away from reporters; it’s like they’re coming for my blood,” Tony says, whispering. “How are you, Captain?” he asks and Rhodey closes his eyes, almost ashamed.
Steve is torn between feeling bad for Tony that their new teammates seem absolutely disinterested in hanging out, but also understanding them.
“Getting wasted. There’s no way in hell I’m talking about you running off to some war zone country in the name of America without alcohol in my system. Jarvis,” Tony speaks and the butler raises his chin as he gets called. “Go get us some drinks, will ya’?”
Steve starts to smile at Tony's response when there's a sinking thought in his head; a memory of a conversation he still hasn't had the guts to have with him.
“That’s better. Okay, Tony,” Pepper squeezes her hands in his. “Please, please, don’t set something on fire. I am trusting you—”
“I know, I’m not as good as you are but, hey, I get by,” Tony mentions, jokingly, as if he’s read Steve’s mind.
“Oh, and, no, I did not miss you,” Natasha tells him, just as she’s walking between them and back into the jet.
They grow closer despite the rocky start. Álvarez can talk to no end about nearly every topic you throw his way, and even if he's utterly talking out of his ass he makes you believe he knows what he's talking about.
Steve moves his head to one side, confused. “Your—the lady said you asked me to come,” he explains, in an asking tone.
"Well, first of all, you should know you're in the presence of the soon-to-be Secretary of State," Yu shares pointing at Ross. "We were just discussing some of his angles for his future run, given that he will oversee this whole task force," he explains.
Natasha moves her chin to the side. "He's dealing with some personal stuff, a little out of reach. He's gonna be pissed he missed all the fun, but he'll get over it," she says.
"Has that happened before?" Tony asks. Rhodey lets out a breath and shakes a 'no'. Rhodey moves to the hand-dryer and starts rubbing his hands together to get warmer. "You know, I was talking to Maya about this whole thing," he says.
Rhodey places just one hand on his shoulder and Tony crashes onto his chest. He looks over Tony’s head to see Jarvis leaving them quietly. “I got you,” he whispers, rolling a hand down Tony’s spine. “I’m not going anywhere. I got you,” he adds and Tony chokes on a breath in his arms.
Tony widens his eyes and nods a little. “Oh, so, that’s the sole reason, then? Just to punch people in the face?” he says and Steve laughs again.
He just pictured thirteen different ways of causing Rogers permanent harm and now he was gonna crush after him? Pepper was right, something was seriously wrong with him.
They try to drown him at least four times a day, for a whole week, and each time Tony gives them the same answer.
He’s shorter than him but he stands like he’s tall. His feet parted, his back straight, his chin up.
"No, no. I'm not actually sorry. I'm just trying to sound tough," Sam says, his eyes going a little towards the woman that just walked by between them. "Nah. I'm very happy chasing cold leads on our missing person's case," he adds, giving him a short look.
Then he remembers what he used to do when he was starting to get anxious or nervous or just overwhelmed: drawing.
“Good move,” Iron Man says, in a cheerful note then takes all his guns away and lowers his arms to his sides.
“Thanks,” Tony replies. “Tell her to prep everything. Barton's gonna need the full treatment,” he commands JARVIS later.
Tony considers him for a minute, then tilts the corner of his mouth up. “It’s better if I show you,” he says, bouncing up from the couch and almost running to the elevator.
Tony’s mouth zips close and it’s adorable. There are thoughts in Steve’s head he’s completely locking up: about Tony and his golden-label experience. About Steve’s abysmal lack thereof.
, as in, if you’re free to come. I can have someone pick you up in case you still have—mmm, inconveniences getting over here. I understand the New York you knew it's a little different,” the woman says in a kind voice.
“I am an artificial intelligence system created by Tony Stark. I go by the name Just a Rather Very Intelligent System, shortened—”
“True story about fortune cookies,” he begins speaking in a voiceover as footage of him going around in places starts showing.
“Famous technology company that specializes in internet related things, including a search engine,” Steve cuts and Tony’s mouth closes comically. “You’re not the only one with a lot of free time,” he deadpans, a little smugly. “And it’s great, Tony, seriously, you didn’t have to,” he says.
He stands before Steve can persuade him out of leaving. Steve opens his mouth to say something but Tony smiles and puts on his sunglasses.
Jim gets out of the bathroom with a tug on his heart and he’s not even sure why, it’s not like he spent much time obsessing over this simple, biological human event. But feeling left out most of his childhood and teenage years, Jim expected his early-adulthood to be ordinary, relatable.
Steve would've been annoyed if it wasn't for the fact that he was pretty much neck-deep in love with him.
“—I think it’s about the mechanics. Iridium, what do they need the Iridium for?” Tony hears in the common room.
"I said, let him go," Maya repeats, louder this time, pointing at her neck with a tiny needle on a small device. Tony figures that's one of the Extremis serums.
Cap lets out a breath but Tony can picture there's a slight grin on his face. "That's not going away any time soon," he mutters, but Tony can still hear him.
Tony stands in the front door, next to Jarvis, waving his parents goodbye until the Cadillac rides off into the sunset.
Steve takes a step towards him, his arms uncurling. Then his eyes bore into Tony’s like getting a grip of his soul. “Together,” Steve says.
"We believe they may have acquired him sometime during the '70s— or maybe the Nazis infiltrated the U.S.S.R., too. It's unclear, really," Yu answers, blinking in his own confusion. "Every intel we have on him is redacted, very deteriorated or well, missing, because—"
“I can close it! Can anybody hear me? I can shut the portal down,” Agent Romanoff says on their comms at one point, and he smells victory.
It's no exaggeration to say it's the best orgasm he's ever had. He's got science backing up that very statement.
He’s rubbing his temple when he notices, only a blur on his right wrist before he can take a proper look at it.
“Yo, Jim,” Glenn shouts from the other end of the hallway. Jim turns and waves and watches as his friend runs towards him. “So, did you get it?”
“Hey, I’m fine. Just because I don’t get to be with my family doesn’t mean you don’t have to,” he says and Rhodey tries his hardest not to cry right there. “Besides, I’ve got Jarvis and Peggy here now, I won’t be alone,” he adds, shaking the tickets in front of Rhodey’s face again. “Go, go, I’m throwing you out. Go,” he adds, dropping the tickets on Rhodey’s lap.
“Which is exactly why I forced him to come here”, Bucky was completely himself now, loose and happy and talkative, “he needs to learn what fun means to adult people.”
But then, on the other hand, he wasn’t who he’d liked himself to be and he certainly couldn’t be the stand-on-high moralizer in this city. Maybe he needed to change a bit, or admit to whatever character trait had been hidden within him. Maybe he had to explore new things, find out more about himself. He could simply say ‘yes’ and see how everything developed.
"I definitely need to get out of here", he choked out after he imagined their mouths touching and their bodies pressing against each other.
Whereas the anger was slowly drying out, leaving him empty, the ache was still present. Bucky tried to beat Tony up the second day Steve looked like attending a funeral when they drove to school. Sam stopped him. Steve wasn’t sure if he should care. Later, he did realize that beating Tony up would have probably been the worst solution possible. Yet, at least it would have been some solution.
And the first time he actually talked to Tony didn’t make anything better. He only saw himself proved right.
“Always”, Tony replied and tried to break his skin once again. His neck must look purple all over by now.
It took Steve a few painful seconds and Bucky’s wiggling eyebrows to realize that Tony was talking about the cocktails. Each one of them seemed to have a more than suggestive name. Tony came even closer, his whole body seemed to be radiating from heat and when Steve was right, he could also smell alcohol.
The first time he really, really realized all the consequences this little adventure would have. The staring people at school, Bucky, Clint and Natasha, his own dignity and pride. How could he ever look in a mirror again after he had done exactly the opposite of everything he swore himself to do. On one hand, yes, he felt good and confident and graved to get back to Tony and their fight, on the other hand, he was a person blessed with reason. He was not a person of every interest to Tony, and he certainly did not like the other. At all.
“I merely gave you a little motivation”, Tony purred, his face stretched into a lazy smile, “I simply know which buttons to press.”
They were somewhere downtown but everything beyond that was unclear. Sam already opened his door and jumped out of the car, almost pulling Steve with him.
The shrill alarm was still pounding in Steve’s ears when he shoved the kitchen door open and just dowsed whatever in there might be burning. It took Steve a couple of seconds to clam down his wildly racing heart and another moment to blink the white fog form the fire extinguisher away before he was able to see properly.
His mother only grinned while his dad started to prepare breakfast. “I think your mother is really curious”, his dad mumbled behind his breath, “you better answer her questions.”
Tony’s smile twitched only for a second but it was enough to tell Steve that Tony was pissed. Well, that was good. Hopefully. It turned out it wasn’t. Tony was against him faster than Steve would have thought possible and it was a shame that his body was already reacting and longing for it. Steve could push Tony away easily but with the way Tony managed to make his presence dominant and breathtaking, he wasn’t even considering it.
He could hear some mumbling, muffled voices talking outside and then “Sorry Steve, but you really need to do this”
Tony seemed to have recovered, and judged by his arrogant smile he was chocky-himself again. “No stamina left?”, he teased his smile spread into a grin.
Tony laughed but his eyes seemed to sparkle wickedly: “What tells you that I paid them?”, he purred, finally moving a little bit closer.
“That’s exactly what I’ve been trying to say. You are Iron Man, there is no need to buy your own merchandise products. Plus, you won’t enter our bedroom like this.”, Steve stated, his voice fierce and determined. He was totally serious about this one. Tony wouldn’t get his will this time.
“Well, he tries to break the last record of being late. Which means we’ll have to wait at least 2 minutes more. Minimum.”, Steve shrugged his shoulders, “I bet you will like each other. Both of you are outgoing and humorous, I can already see how you two make fun of me all the time. I should come up with some really good repartees.”
“Where?”, was the only thing he said before his mouth went back to explore Tony’s body. He heard Tony moan and felt his body tensing and arching and enjoyed it. It sent blood down to his groin, making him hard again. He could see Tony’s body, aching and covered in sweat, clamping into him helplessly, dependent from his every movement. He smirked, and he guessed it was one of those dark grins again that seemed to be so unusual for him but now felt so right.
He slid down before Tony could react and pulled down his zipper in one go. He looked up only to see the other’s eyes even more widened together with a little smile settling on his lips. Steve was certain to replace it with something else. He pulled down Tony’s trousers and pants and wasted no time.
Steve let out a groan, his lips settling on Tony’s neck, leaving angry red marks on the sensitive skin. Tony tilted his head back, exposing more skin. His lips formed a sinful, little ‘o‘.
Then again, saying ‘yes’ would mean admitting all those things to somebody who could use words as weapons and to whom the people listened. Tony could be a ticking bomb, Steve was sure of that. He could easily ruin his life at this school and in this city. Starting this kind of relationship would probably be nothing more than a constant fight. He would make it a good one, hopefully.
“I’m not trying anything”, Steve protested and withstood the urge to go at Tony and wreck him against the wall, “I want this thing to start even. If this is possible anyways.”
His plans had been fairly simple: staying at home, reading, maybe watching TV. And then Bucky stormed his tiny room (he should have never given him those keys), threw clothes at him he had never seen before and declared that they were going to a party. He hadn’t even asked if Steve wanted to. He never did. Steve often asked himself why, however, he was quite sure Bucky wanted to help him integrate.
“Guy, you slept with Tony Stark. You bury something like that before you do that. Or at least you should. You know, after all, you should be happy he didn’t post anything on Facebook.”
They met at Tony’s place, his parents as always gone. Steve has been exhausted after a particularly hard training session with the track team and Tony had scribbled in one of his notebooks. Steve knew he was a gifted scientist- even though he blew stuff up most of the time- and wondered what it was about. There were books stacked to high piles on the floor of Tony’s room but none of the titles sounded like they had been made for non-brilliant people.
“Maybe you should rethink your idea of sex”, he spat out and tried to angrily glare at the other. It was working but instead of reacting equally angry Tony only licked his lips: “That’s exactly what I am talking about”, he said and stressed every word. “But if you are not interested”, his voice got cunning and his smile turned into poison, “I can wait until you come crawling back to me”
