what I’ve been smelling!”
He looked up, his lips pressed together in anticipation.
“Take your time,” the man called back. A quick glance behind her told her that her date was waiting patiently for her just inside her doorway, his wise and incredibly blue eyes scanning her flat as a small smile played at his lips.
, he realized. Turning from his brother with a slight flush on his sharp cheekbones, he flipped the machine on and pulled a pair of rubber gloves on to his large hands. Gathering his supplies, he plopped himself down on a wheeled stool and pulled up to the examination table, where Molly had pulled her shirt up and Mycroft held her hand lovingly. “I’m going to apply the gel with my hand to see if I can coax a Shift,” he stated. “Is that alright, Molly?”
He rolled his eyes with a strong exhaled growl. “I suppose that congratulations are in order?” He picked up a newspaper clipping, examining the date carefully before sticking it over the photograph of the deadman’s dilapidated kitchen.
He smiled at her kindly, cupping her cheek with his hand tenderly. “Darling, that is true, but dog tags have been used by the military for over one hundred years to identify soldiers if they’re killed in battle.” His hand rose to play with the thin pieces of metal that hung off the chain. “These are mine. We did three tours of Afghanistan, me and these tags. I wore them the day I left home. I wore them the day I was shot. I wore them the day you were born and I will wear them until I die. Then they’ll be yours.”
The other man looked a bit taken aback but did not respond. He watch the dark head turn to face the windows, fingers laced behind the broad back in a show of pomp and circumstance. He rolled his eyes, tired of the power play and exhausted in general. With Mycroft returning to work, his testing the K13s, and the new Pups, he was a bit overextended and beyond exhausted. He had no patience to deal with his sociopathic elder sibling. “Why am I bloody here, Sherlock?”
“Well,” the younger man said, sliding another sausage onto his plate, “Then believe me when I say that
Refocusing on the man sitting on the couch, he plopped down in his chair, dressing gown billowing around him. “Are you ready for more children?” he asked, slightly curious, but not entirely caring.
“That’s doable, Greg,” the young Wolf said cheerfully. “But you were right: We can’t train them on Full Moons for a few obvious reasons. They work when they’re human, or as human as possible.
The door to Imogen’s flat was ajar, the woman hanging out of it, watching his approach. “I’m glad you’re here!” she exclaimed, wrapping her arms around his waist in a hug, before standing on her tiptoes and capturing his lips. “It’s a wonderful surprise!”
The room was nicely furnished and well-lit, rather like a luxury apartment than a cell. Everything was white and grey but it contained a full kitchen and living/dining room as well as two darkened rooms (without doors) beyond. One was, no doubt, the washroom; the other, the bedroom. Between her and the furnishings, however, was a thick sheet of bulletproof glass. The door to the flat was sealed. Two cameras were aimed her way and she counted five more throughout the parts of the lit flat. She did not see microphones, however, so there was some semblance of privacy.
his own. Despite that fact, he could not bear to watch his child grow up on the other side of glass, unable to hold him, unable to feel his fur beneath his fingertips, unable to truly know him.
Her father chuckled. “You could always just
“Asleep,” the army doctor responded. “What’s the bad news?”
,” his father insisted, “You’ll never be an inconvenience.”
The man bravely met his gaze, the human’s composure in place despite the near feral concentration on his face. “I don’t see how all the evidence in the world is going to stop it, Sherrinford.”
“Of course,” he replied with a small smile as he passed the other man to enter the foyer. “How is Molly?”
“‘Mornin’,” she mumbled, as articulate as ever before her first cup of coffee, “Y’wanna go t’ bed?”
There were thirty K13’s in all, though only 26 were coming that evening. They were all veterans, having been Turned by St. Pierre at least five years ago. The four remaining K13s were the unfortunate victims of the man’s escape almost two months previous. Those men, under his charge at the Moon, were not adjusted enough to handle the stimulation that he was going to make the other men undergo. While he had a flutter of hope in his stomach, he was also a realist. Things could go horribly wrong if the Wolves attacked the two men with him. He was stronger and more adept than any of them and would escape relatively unharmed, though unmasked. Mycroft and Lestrade, however, were not as young as they thought they were. They may not have the strength to survive the shock to the system that was the Bite.
The man’s brow furrowed. “Werewolf,” the man responded, stunned. “And a lot of blood.”
strict a disciplinarian (Mycroft had already done a right good job of that) and they needed to learn that having fun was possible. As the younger, and
“Look, Sherlock,” he shot back defensively, his own teeth unsheathing, “You utter arse! You don’t think anyone would be suspicious of a bloody great dog running through London with a pair of trousers and a t-shirt in its mouth? Think again! People are on edge - Evy is evidence enough! Plus the murders! We’re not welcome here! So
“Tonight,” Sherrinford said, his brow knitting. “That’s why we’re meeting now, Greg.”
The teen looked torn. She was obviously comfortable with Sherlock - she had known him the longest. He was the problem, the wild card in the deck. She stood, her hands wrapped about her, near the couches, looking nervous. “Is that alright?” she asked, looking directly at him.
Shift complete, he pushed the door open with his nose and trotted back down the hall to his family. Evelyn reached out her hand, allowing him to sniff it and lick her fingers before she reached behind one of his ears and scratched, setting his hind leg quivering. Biting back the urge to pant, he huffed, giving her wrist a grateful swipe of his tongue and moved to the nursery door.
John’s footsteps clunked up the stairs tiredly. The doctor had had a rather rough week: full days at the clinic had been compounded with a fight with Evelyn as well as his typical Full Moon. He sighed, rubbing his face before focusing on his mate as he walked into 221B. While they continued to live separately, their positions as mates within the Pack was acknowledged by everyone within their little family. “Welcome home, John,” he said pleasantly, his vestigial tail wagging embarrassingly within his trousers, making him glad that he was wearing his robe, hiding the oddment from the oblivious teenager in the room.
The best part was that, once he had climaxed (with an adorable ‘Oh!’), they were joined together until the swelling at the base of his member deflated. During that time, he simply held her close, humming and rumbling in his chest as he scented her and teased her with little kisses. While conjoined, every movement one of them made, thrilled the other one. She was pretty sure that she had never climaxed so much in her life simply from the touch of another.
) growled softly. “Thank you,” he murmured before continuing. “Was there anyone that was bothering Stevenson? A confrontation here or at work, perhaps?”
She inhaled shakily. “Of course, Mother.” She removed the device from her ear and hung it up. “
“And a broken collarbone was much better than a dead Wolf,” the detective replied, “And now, she looks like she tried. When will the ‘real’ hit occur?”
Right now, however, his youngest sibling was standing near the car park, beaming like a loon. He pulled the car up in his usual spot and, before he had even parked the car, Evelyn jumped out, running into her youngest Uncle’s open arms.
The eggs and bacon crackled happily on the stove, so he cut a thick slice of bread and shoved it into the toaster before turning to face his little family. “Am I over thinking this?”
“Let’s not jump to conclusions.” He resisted the urge to shift in his own seat, wanting his youngest and most feral sibling to remain rational. “Also, the Yard is considering allowing Lupus sapiens to Shift for cases. Their mental retention upon Shifting needs to be determined within the week for the program to be initiated.”
Sherrinford cocked an eyebrow.
). The midwife’s eyes had widened at the barely noticeable vestigial tail on Thomas Olivier but she didn’t say anything about it, which made her feel better about the obvious differences from his twin brother, Benedict Marlow. Here, wrapped in her arms, they appeared to be exactly the same, their eyes closed in bliss as they nursed the nutritious colostrum from her breasts.
The older man nodded, knowingly. “We’ve been quite lucky, haven’t we, Evelyn?” Pressing a kiss to her temple, the man wrapped her into a side hug, surrounding her with love. John Watson was right. She was incredibly lucky and for that, she would be eternally grateful.
Click.
His lips still twisted into a soft but sad smile. “The killer lay in wait behind the rubbish barrel with another wolfsbane bomb and a handgun. The victim was known to be there, I can only assume that he was tracked over the last month, and he stumbled into the trap while smoking. The killer, hidden by the light of the fire in the barrel with the wolfsbane, shot the man first in the chest then, after moving from behind the barrel to stand over him, he shot him again in the head. Once his task was complete, he traveled to the right, down the pathway and got into a car about twenty feet away. It was a small diesel and there were the remains of a partially smoked cigarette right against the curb. It hasn’t rained. Do cabs run on diesel or are we looking for a private car? Also, the killer you’re looking for has a bit of residual wolfsbane lingering about his scent, along with cheap cigarettes, leather - probably a pair of shoes or a jacket, spearmint breath mints or gum, and a hint of mistletoe. Similar to wolfsbane but less...mmm, poisonous? If that makes sense?”
, the thought rang through his very bones,
“Are you excited, Evy?” the doctor asked from the back seat, looking at his child who could, honestly, barely sit still.
“Of course,” his Mate insisted, even as Evelyn sighed, moping that she wouldn’t be able to spend time with her favorite uncle. As if sensing her disappointment, he watched his sibling wrap the girl in a side hug, an arm slung about her shoulders, nose pressed into her hair.
After a bit of sniffing (the metals of the pans were easy to pick out amongst the clutter of the cabinets while the spatula was less easy to discern), he set about scrambling a dozen eggs, making toast, and sizzling bacon. The feather light tread of the woman that accepted him tickled his ears, making him smile, his lips twitching.
, he mused,
“Imogen and I are going there Tuesday for our second date,” the other man murmured, still looking at the floor. “Do you think that I should cancel?”
Regardless of his late night, he rose when the Shift fell over him at sunrise. He stumbled through his routine, pulling his suit about his body and fixing his tie before bursting his teeth and hair. Molly, being the wonderful human being that she was, had a pot of coffee brewed and a plate of toast sitting on the table.
“Why are you getting so worked up about this Uncle Sherlock?” Her voice was quiet, breaking his tirade.
), “It’s Imogen.”
The family members that had tried to kill her Mate had all been imprisoned for a long time, with condemning evidence found on all of their properties. Despite being revealed as murderers, they had all backed her great-uncle, who disowned her for loving ‘an animal.’ Her brother, Frederick, had been the killer Sherlock had hunted, falling into the height requirement and the man kept a green house with mistletoe and wolfsbane among it’s occupants. He would never see the light of day again.
“Well,” he sighed, tossing the mobile away in frustration, “That’s useless. Tuesdays from 9 to 11. Pffft.”
The older man, the silver of his hair catching the moonlight, closed the door behind him and lay beside him. Hesitantly, the man’s lips brushed his, setting his body on fire with desire. He deepened the kiss, pulling his mate down onto the mattress beside him.
“You think the killer will take that long?”
Sherlock Holmes, his signature disheveled curls blowing in the fresh air, had his arm wrapped tightly around the broad shoulders of her father, their left hands wrapped around each others, their golden bands flashing in the sunlight. They had been married for almost eighteen months now, and they had lived together for so many years before that, but they still acted like they were young lovers. It was cute, until they forgot about her and she walked in on them in positions that she never wanted to see again.
The Wolf released a small woof, his eyes watching his every move as his hands dexterously removed the soiled bandages and he examined the wound. “This looks like it’s healing well. You may be able to Shift back tomorrow!” He grinned as the Lupus sapiens’ tail wagged faster. “Let’s put some new bandages on this and you’ll be all set for tonight. Feel free to take a walk in the yard maybe…get out and stretch your legs. No running. Walking only.”
The date went brilliantly. Sherrinford was the perfect gentleman, opening doors for her, paying the bill. He had even walked her to her door, where she fumbled with her keys, asking for a kiss. She would not have been upset if he had snogged her right there in the hallway, but, instead he pressed a delicate kiss to her cheek. “May I call on you again?” he murmured, his blue eyes wide and innocent.
“Very well. But you will be brief?”
I do not wish to slander any of the young ladies with whom I share a roof, and our landlady, Mrs. Hudson, runs a most respectable and godly household. It is merely that, as the estimable Charlotte Bronte put it, women feel as men do, ‘they must have action; and they will make it if they cannot find it’. So it is that all the residents of 221 Baker Street are well-versed in the creation of action.
“Yes,” said Watson. “‘Ah’. And you needn’t tell me it’s my fault—I’m perfectly aware that it is.”
“What’s that there?” I inquired, gesturing with my pipe stem. “That red thing.”
“My name is Holmes and it is my business to know things, which others do not. Pray, step into the cab, Mr. Ryder, and I shall be able to tell you everything you wish to know.”
“I see. And the temptation of easy wealth was too much for you, I gather? Still, it was a cruel jest to pin the theft on this man Horner, the plumber. But that is precisely what you did, isn’t it? You knew that Horner, once convicted of the same, would be the ready suspect. And clearly he was, as he sits now in jail, where your evidence has put him. But it was not Horner who stole the jewel, was it? It was you. You broke into the Countess’s bureau. You took the jewel from its case. You—”
“I admit, it might be a bit tricky with only one hand, but I think I could manage it.”
suggested: fem!Holmes/fem!Watson, cars.
“Watson, please, I can’t feel my arms!”
Miss Holmes leaned closer with a whistle. “Mrs. Burns, you are a marvel! Do you realize what you’ve found?”
from a side table and buried his face in its pages. “Do you suppose Big Joe’ll consider it a forfeit? I—where are you going? Holmes!”
“You aren’t my patient,” Watson scoffed. “If you were, I’d be charging you two bob a stitch. Hold still, will you?”
You once inquired, perhaps rhetorically, if I ever cared about my brother’s wellbeing. Let me assure you that any fraternal concern I possessed was quickly dispensed the moment he entered the schoolyard as a boy. Ordinarily, I believe, it is the older sibling who defends the younger against tormentors, but Sherlock had a murderous straight left, even then; I have never since had cause to worry.
“Then you are very much in luck! Mrs. Burns is roasting a goose for us tonight. A most unimpeachable Christmas goose, at that.”
We turned our faces southward and strode on, though to what conclusion, I could hardly then imagine. It all seemed so improbable; the goose led to a man, led to a man, led to a man… but I could not fathom how it led to a jewel. I knew better than to ask Miss Holmes for her opinion. It was a founding tenet of hers never to speculate before knowing all, and her eagerness to press on to Covent Garden told me she knew no more than I.
As Holmes’s friend and most intimate companion, I generally endeavor to keep my opinion of his vices to the barest of minimums. Discretion, they say, is the better part of valor. However, valor can carry a man only so far, and when I witness Holmes reach for his Moroccan case after having breakfasted on nothing but two pots of unusually strong coffee, I feel it is my professional duty to intervene.
“What? It would! You know you ought to be careful of sunstroke.”
“Upon my honor.”
“That can go.”
“After you welshed him at the Derby, I thought we all agreed you’d do better as a spectator than a speculator.”
“Something like that,” he said, his face close to mine.
In the foothills of the Himalayas, there is an Englishman who lives as a wandering pilgrim. He sits in his lowly hut, writing letters he does not dare send. They always begin the same way: “My dear Watson, please forgive me.”
“The gas—you didn’t explain about that!” Alice exclaimed proudly. “How do you know there isn’t any gas laid on in his house?”
“Come, come, Watson! It’s written all over the soles of your boots. I should recognize that particular blend of sawdust and newsprint after having landed in it time and again. And there’s a bit of cigar wrapper on your left heel—Timothy’s—sort of an unusual brand, rather coarse and woody-tasting. There’s just one bookmaker I know with a penchant for such cigars who regularly works the Punch Bowl public house and, unless I’m very much mistaken, the last time you saw him he threatened to… how did he put it… macerate your innards?”
“How awful, too. This man Horner has a previous conviction—another shall be a very dark mark against him, indeed.”
“Don’t talk now, Holmes; you seem to have caught something! Reel it in, man–quick!”
“All right. I’ll let you have this uniform, on one condition.”
requested Watson and "waiting impatiently for something."
,” Miss Holmes corrected.
Her thin lips quivered with a smile. “It seemed the most savory explanation for why a young woman such as you would find herself in a public house in the company of a man… Why? Do you object to my calling you that?”
And no more words were needed. Mr. Ryder bolted from the room. We heard the knocking of boots on the stairs, the bang of a door, the sharp reprimand of Mrs. Hudson, who does not permit such extremes. Then, there was silence once more. When Miss Holmes turned back to me, I could see she had been crying.
Miss Holmes and I shared a glance, our eyes affirming that we both understood: Mr. Baker had no idea of the treasure concealed within his goose.
“Name it,” I replied.
“What for? …Or would I rather not know?”
“Tonight?”
“Gardening?” he asked.
“Do you even know what you’re doing?” cries Jane, one hand atop her hat to keep it from flying away, the other on Shirley’s knee to keep
“That much is obvious. It’s just as Miss Watson said; no loving wife would ever allow her husband go out with his hat in such wretched condition.”
“I told you I was too tired to fight. I wouldn’t have gone if it wasn’t for your insisting. You… you and your
So I sat, drawing my feet up under myself as I listened to the story of the hat and the goose. The facts were baffling in their simplicity: at four o’clock on Christmas morning, Peterson was returning home to Tottenham Court Road, having completed his rounds for the night. Before him walked, or, by Peterson’s account, staggered a man—evidently very full of ‘Christmas cheer’—with a fat, white goose slung over his shoulder. As they neared the corner of Goodge Street, the man was set upon by a pack of roughs. A brawl ensued, a window was smashed, and as soon as Peterson rushed forward to protect the man from his assailants, the whole lot dispersed into the labyrinthine alleyways.
“Tuh,” said Holmes and meant it.
“Yes,” Mr. Ryder agreed. “It was Catherine. Catherine Cusack who told me of it. That’s her ladyship’s waiting-maid.”
“The goose!” Mrs. Burns gasped, “Oh, Mrs. Hudson! The goose!”
requested Lestrade and "cackle".
Though it was to me that she spoke, it was not I who needed convincing. I rose and moved to her side, wrapping my arm about her waist. When she looked at me, I could not help but smile.
I looked down at my temporary bench. Hard wood, possibly oak. Black paint chipping around the iron fittings which were themselves ringed in rust. I leaned over one end of it. Near the handle was a paper label, faded but still legible. It read: “WANTED ON VOYAGE — HMS ORONTES— HOLD — BOMBAY TO LIVERPOOL”. Around the front was an inscription in bold, white lettering.
“Beggin’ yours, sir,” the landlord said to her. “I didn’t realize...”
“Get out,” she said, softly.
Holmes’s voice was a velvet rumble. Watson glanced up to find his friend looking, in spite of the hand splint, bruises and bandages, quite comfortable. Handsome in his own, roguish way. There again was that look in his eyes that made Watson’s face hot.
“What’s the matter with it, then?”
Inspector Lestrade considered himself an amiable fellow, as game for a joke as any man. But even he could not abide Dr. Watson's smug smile and Mr. Holmes's cackling.
“Whatever could you have in mind?” I asked with my lips against his.
“I don’t know… I rather like you like this. So much less likely to cause trouble.”
Send me a prompt (in the comments or via
“You’re home early!” Watson cried, his hand still upon the kitchen maid’s thigh. Holmes, without a single word, breezed through the sitting room and shut the door to his bedroom with such force, the pictures on the wall jumped.
It was a short and brutal fight. Fifteen minutes, start to finish, but with enough blood in the sawdust by the end for a championship bout. Watson couldn’t help but recall the time Holmes had sent Mr. Woodley home in a cart. How was it Holmes had put it?
At this point, the twittering from the divan broke into derisive guffaws.
requested "signing a document."
“Yes, but how do we find Mr. Baker?” I asked, laughing at the impossibility of it all.
“I don’t know.”
“I hardly think there’s anything here to interest the jumble sale browser,” said I, “Unless one has a fondness for tattered overcoats or a busman’s ticket machine.”
“Of course! We must have something to give Mr. Baker.”
“Two bob a stitch? You aren’t a doctor, you’re a horse thief.”
With that, she brought my wrist to her lips and pressed a tender kiss there, her eyes alight with mischief.
“What about the hat?” I asked. In spite of my hunger, I was curious how this battered old felt could have held Miss Holmes’s interest.
“Well,” he concluded after a moment, “If it hasn’t been missed for over a decade, I suppose there isn’t much harm in holding onto it a while longer. It would look quite handsome on the sideboard, don’t you think?”
, but of a different sort—and off they went.
“No more words. Get out.”
“I didn’t say that.”
“It’s more a question of what you want, sir,” Miss Holmes said. “I could not help overhearing your conversation back there with that gentleman—Breckinridge, I believe is his name—over a matter of some geese. I believe I may be of assistance.”
“Shillings are not as plentiful as they once were,” Mr. Baker admitted sheepishly, “It is such an old hat, I thought the odds not particularly favorable that anyone would bother to return it. At least, not favorable enough to bet my meager coin against. So you see, sir, I really am grateful.”
Miss Holmes smiled at that, and, with a reassuring hand laid on our cook’s shoulder, said, “Not to worry—if there is a reward to be had, part of it shall be yours, for the glory of discover. And the rest, I suspect, shall belong chiefly to Mrs. Hudson, when all is said and done. I believe I am behind some weeks fees.”
Henry Bakers in this great city of ours. To find the one in question is no easy feat. Instead, Peterson did the very sensible thing and brought them both ‘round to me on Christmas morning, knowing even the most trivial of mysteries is of interest to me.”
“And I thought we agreed your gambling days were behind you.”
requested Mycroft and 'a fist fight'.
“Three months is a long time, my dear Watson,” he wrote, “and I do not trust myself to behave like a gentleman.”
“Oh, Jane,” said she, “but I
At the sight of it, Henry Baker let out a cry of excitement and seized it. “It is! It is my hat—oh, bless you, sir, for returning it. I must admit, this old cap is not very befitting of my years, nor my bearing. I thank you.”
Another shrug.
“The goose we retained until this morning,” Miss Holmes continued. “In spite of the slight frost, it was beginning to show signs that it should be eaten without delay. It is down in the kitchen now, with Mrs. Burns, no doubt preparing to fulfill the ultimate destiny of a goose. The hat, as you can see, is here, the only clue to the identity of the man who lost his Christmas dinner.”
“You what?” he asked, though the expression on his face said he’d heard me perfectly well. “Sherlock.”
“You’ll recall,” I mumbled, pipe stem between my teeth, “what a particularly odious person he was during that affair at the Priory School.”
“You want to keep the foetus” Sherlock blurted as soon as they were on the couch.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, thank you again. I live with her and her father” John felt obliged to explain. Seeing a little suspicion in her eyes, John suddenly felt dreadful, he had no way to prove Leanna was with him and if the lady wanted, she could make a scene…
“Well, maybe, but I will endeavour to not repeat that. I am working on my anger issues and I have decided to not care about what people think about us. Anyway, I think the blog is working. We do have some positive feedback…”
John put his hand on Sherlock cheeks, softly caressing. He hoped all his love and relief were apparent to Sherlock, because all this talking had been exhausting emotionally and he couldn’t speak anymore. He just wanted to express himself by touch and kisses. Sherlock seemed to have understood this, because he held him and John found his favourite place, his nose against Sherlock’s neck, where he could smell his mate's mint, sage and chemicals scents. John realised that he was the one being comforted now, he needed it.
Sherlock took the little ampulla. The liquid inside was clear, but he knew of its deadliness. He opened the cap.
“John?”
Sherlock pulled him to his feet. “I don’t know. Mycroft doesn’t know either. Moran is dead, Sarah is alive. That’s all we know.”
Thank you for all  the lovely comments :D
A little hand closed itself around him.
Self edited. God, I miss our beta reader :(
“You. What you said. Yesterday. Hum… it sounded awfully like a …. proposal.” Sherlock finally explained.
Sherlock should have known that Mycroft had installed cameras in the flat. He would need to check the bedroom once he returned home.
It was dark when they came home. Leanna had fallen asleep in the cab after a day of running around and swimming and going on slides. John was the one to carry her up the stairs and up to her room.
“Oh.” The omega opened her mouth, as if she wanted to add something but seemed to change her mind and just kept silent.
“What! What are you!”
Sherlock went to Sarah's while his pack took a nap, a note for John on the night stand. Leaving his two loves in that bed, when they both slept so peacefully, was hard. He wanted to stay with them, watch them, take in their scents. But this was essential. If this Moriarty guy had left any clues at Sarah's flat, he had to find them as soon as possible.
The case took the whole week and Sherlock was already on the plane home, when the murderer was caught, giving directions via text. He was married to his work more than he was married to his wife, but his daughter was a priority and it was her birthday today. They hadn't phoned, there hadn't been time. Tonight he would be able to climb into her bed and read her good night story to her, as lay curled around his chest, light like a feather and so pleasantly warm. She would smell like cake and baby and Leanna. Oh, how he missed her right now. His clever girl.
But Sherlock must have perceived something because suddenly he pulled back.
“Together”
“I should have never made you think for a second that your making love to me is less than satisfying.”
“Sherlock”, John whispered, willing Leanna not to wake up yet, “You have beautiful hands”.
“John? John!”
Jim watched the newspaper burn, turning into a pile of ash on the tarmac. Sherlock Holmes would burn differently. From the inside out, starting with his heart. Jim would be the first spark and he would watch until nothing was left of the Alpha and his little family.
“Sherlock, love, open your eyes, please, look at me, Sherlock” he cooed gently.
“Dr. Watson. I am here to give a present to my little brother. Well, it is more a present for you. This wasn't easy, even for me as a … minor in the British government.”
“Sherlock, love!” John pushed Sherlock until his back was against the fridge, “Will you… will you let me?”
“No problem, you’re here, it’s fine.” While his sister was ordering a coffee, John noted there weren’t any physical signs of alcoholism, no jaundice, no tremor and she was positively glowing with happiness.
All of it was so frustrating! He wasn’t even close to having a new pack! Maybe he should see Ella again…
“Leanna, it's time to go home. John's waiting with dinner.” He could see his daughter's face beaming with joy, as he mentioned his flatmate’s name, but she pouted at the same time, knowing Molly wouldn't come home with them.
“Her mother isn’t”, he looked at Leanna’s close eyes, “a very good caregiver. I…removed her from our house and at the moment, we are at the hotel.”
In her flat, Mrs Hudson took Leanna to sit on her lap. “So my little spy, did you talk to your Papa and John like we said?”
They caught a murderous niece, chasing her and her beta boyfriend through Hyde Park in the middle of the night, the thrill of the chase making them giggle as soon as they had fallen into the seats of the cab.
“John…It’s…How…When?” He whispered.
“Sherlock, I am okay. See, I can move my arm.”
This fic is not Christmas-y and a little angsty
Sherlock picked up the shoes again. “They are his.”
“What?”
“My poor little girl. Why don't you go take a nap and I will talk to Mummy for a bit?”
John enjoyed the work, it was less adventurous than his old job, but he was allowed to just leave if Sherlock needed him and that was worth it. He had treated three cases of flu and a young woman with migrene today, but in general it had been rather quiet day.
“Irrelevant! Simple deduction. Now my daughter, she is what’s important.” The little girl, in his arms, was just beginning to have difficulty breathing.
But he and Sherlock had unwillingly become the poster boys in his parents’ fight for same second gender rights.
“Oh, I see I am no longer needed here!” John said laughing, “I am letting you girls play!”
“Hmm, it’s okay, good pay, the colleagues are fine. Very similar to GP work though. Ahhh and I will be able to move in a new flat next week. Baker Street so not too far from work. Very homey. The land lady was a patient of mine. She had fainted on the tube and I helped her. She is diabetic. She had a flat available for rent and well I thought why not! She gives me a special rate and I help her watch her blood sugar rate.”
Now edited by Justbecause
John wasn’t particularly fond of dancing. But right now? He couldn’t think of a better thing to do!
“Yes. One more from Daddy.”
With newfound determination, he called back Sherlock. They could all sleep here, he was pretty sure he would be able to bribe some more beds.
The door opened to let Mycroft and his assistant in and John out, so he could go and wake up Leanna. Mycroft's face was without emotion, but Sherlock knew his older brother well enough to see it was not honest. Tabloids were a strong weapon in the fight against someone’s good reputation and once they were fired they left unrepairable wounds.
vany aka Strange_Johnlock
“I understand, I have a child the same age, they are small, but can go so far in such a short time, when I saw her alone, I suspected she had parents not far looking for her. I am sorry, I thought you were her father, she smells a little like you…”
Ella tried to engage him in a conversation, “How do you feel about your new job in A&E? Can you tell me more about it?”
Their moment was interrupted by yelling. Hamish and a young man, an omega, were shouting at each other. Apparently he had been offended by the way Hamish had tried to seduce him. John couldn’t let a fight explode in his sister party; he was going to make him leave and if he took a little pleasure doing it, well a bonus.
“Yes? Why are you asking me that?” John just didn’t understand what made her ask that suddenly.
John watched as Sherlock took off of his clothes with glee, “I have another birthday present for you, Sherlock, one that Leanna was not to witness…” John said, voice deep with innuendo.
He had some cooking to do and the living room had to be tidied and…His thoughts were abruptly stopped by the sight of Sherlock wearing an apron and…cooking…and smiling! “Who are you and what have you done to Sherlock Holmes!” John yelped.
John chuckled, intertwining their fingers on his chest. “I don't want to ruin the mood, Sherlock, but I think we should talk.”
“Absolutely not, you have a great flat, John, I see what you meant about its typical English homey feeling. And it’s very central!”
“Where did you get that idea from?” He covered another pear in the water, soap and baking soda mixture, handing it to her.
John could breathe again, and tentatively smile again, “I didn’t bond when full of hormones and in the frenzy of a heat, I am not doing it now. We should wait until Sarah tells us what she wants to do before building castles in the sky.”
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock snapped back to their kitchen, surrounded by good food and better company, wondering why his mind had wandered down that path.
The detective went from drowning to flying and he didn't know how to process it. John. John was there to help him, to hold him.
John pulled the trigger.
“John, it’s not much, but well…I hope you will like it”
“Yes, Sherlock. Better believe it. But I will be kind to you. Come back. Pack your stuff and your child and come back.”
Sherlock turned them around, sitting on his hips. Moments later, both their shirts were gone and as they shallowly moved their hips, Sherlock pressed kisses all over his face and neck as their fingers lay intertwined next to John's head.
He met Bill at Three Bridges Station, the child asleep again. The young man was part of the homeless network Sherlock worked with from time to time, when he was in London. Bill ws one of the people within the network Sherlock trusted most. He paid him two hundred pounds and Bill drove off, leaving the car at Gatwick airport. Sherlock had booked two plane tickets to Berlin with the credit card and hoped it would take a while for his parents to find out no-one had taken the flight. Enough time for Leanna and him to blend into London, to not be noticeable anymore.
The answer came immediately.
John's fingers on his cheek, feather light, as if the doctor was afraid to break him.
“I would like to have a look at your flat and the evidence.”
John had so many mixed feelings…He was somehow happy about the future child but distressed by how it happened and how it could potentially put his relationship in danger. Alphas were not known to share well… John himself didn’t think he would have tolerated Janine, if she had been a good mother, in their life… He would have been insanely jealous. But Sherlock was nothing if exceptional. He had years of learnt restraint and control and it seems he was ready to try, and John felt incredibly happy about that: Sherlock making an obvious effort.
“You look good,” he began, …come on John, you can do better than that, “You have a new haircut, I like it”.
A red faced John Watson appeared from under the duvet, pressing kisses to the detective's face, while strong hands took over the rhythm of the clever mouth.
Hottightwet and oh, Sherlock wanted all of it.
So, this is chapter two. what do you think of it?
Sherlock seemed surprised, “…You want me to come with you?”
Sherlock couldn't keep himself from smiling, looking out the window on to the Dublin night.
He heard rustling and he knew the way she tilted her head, when she was thinking. She was probably already her pyjamas, the lilac ones were her favourite at the moment. Molly braided her hair for the night, so brushing it in the morning was easier for the both of them.
“John, I am trying to develop Leanna’s scientist mind! Santa is a completely absurd concept that had been invented by multinational industries to increase mass consumption!”
Sherlock picked up the envelope and little paper snippets fell out and onto his laps and the floor in front of him. He turned three or for around to look at what John had written.
“You have a brain and power. You can think of something. I will count on you to help me to bring some sense into your stupid brother. Or there will be repercussions!”
They lay in silence for a while, calm, as the world outside rushed and bustled around them. This was their save place and no one would be able to harm them as long as they stayed together and in 221 B Baker Street.
Leanna furrowed her brow at that, before smiling up at him,“I want to kiss you.” With that, she pressed a peck to his lips. “Book now.”
And he had liked what Sherlock had done until his panic attack. John knew not every person liked bottoming, that there was nothing wrong with that. But he had liked it. It had inflamed his nerves and he had craved it, the intimacy of hosting a part of Sherlock inside him and bring him to an unexplored land of pleasure…
Gnawed through a mesh and set him free.
Sherlock had touched John like this before, but never with the intention to penetrate him. For a while, engulfing John's cock into his mouth again, he traced his fingers around the tender skin, before dipping the tip of his index finger in.
It had all been perfect until he began to panic. Sherlock had been so tender, it had been so good to let go and trust Sherlock to take care of him. And he did. He had felt desired, worshipped, loved and it brought so many new sensations, so strong… Too strong, it had become overwhelming… How could he get this age and not know that he could feel so much, he had felt like he didn’t know his own body anymore, he had no control left. And then Sherlock had been inside him and it became too much. Too many inputs, too many feelings… He was falling in the unknown and it had terrified him. The panic so sudden and so intense he hadn’t been able to get control of it.
He did feel better in his new flat. His land lady was sweet if a little too interested in his personal sexual life or lack of…, but she did take care of him and he was quite fond of her. His job didn’t provide as much excitement as he would like but he was learning to compromise. He was known as the limping doctor because he refused categorically to use his cane when working. But his experienced began to be appreciated and looked for by his colleagues. It was something he supposed. Some doctors and nurses had tried to initiate more than a work relationship with him but his trust issues were bigger than Ella thought and they quickly realised he still preferred to be left alone.
“It’s… It’s Sarah’s list…” Molly was still fixing the paper and suddenly, heavy tears fell down her cheeks.
First, John thought Molly was worrying for nothing… He had expected some gentle rebuff from Sherlock about worrying without reason… Maybe some dramatic gesture about how omegas worried too quickly while flouncing on the couch. But Sherlock’s stillness was a big clue that it was wishful thinking on his part. The detective didn’t tease Molly about dating Sarah, or brag about knowing it since the beginning… No, he was intensely listening to her, exactly like he would behave if she was a witness from one of their cases…
He spared his life, the kindness was repaid ;
He picked up Leanna instead, kissing her until she giggled.
He kissed her forehead and went down the stairs and into their bedroom, curling around a sleeping John.
“Okay, you know you like him, no surprise here. Now, try picturing him kissing someone else. Touching someone else. Letting someone else read Leanna bedtime stories…”
Malo saw in Bryan’s eyes that he would not take getting pushed by a girl and would get back to Matilda, if he wanted to save his sister he would have to go seek help, he didn’t think he and his sister were enough against an older kid. Like his father said, he would have to be smarter.
The dreadful feeling had come back in full force, John was now afraid he understood too well what the Garridebs had done.
“Well, he really doesn’t like me” Sarah chuckled. “Oh don’t look so affronted, I know when I'm not liked, I am an omega. And your Sherlock? If he could make me disappear, he would.”
The snap of the lube bottle and then John's hands on his arse and down his cleft and oh... John pressed the tip of his index finger against, and after some slow movement, inside his hole and Sherlock couldn't hold back anymore.
Sherlock wasn't there and he didn't answer his phone and after three hours of waiting, reheating lasagne he didn't eat, John went to bed. He felt drained, exhausted and he wanted his Sherlock back.
Sneaking into John's bedroom he took one of his jumpers, hiding it between his own shirts. He needed something that smelled of John, something to hold close at night.
Anger made John's face burn red as he tried to hold back his need to destroy something, anything. Good thing they didn't have any expensive vases on their mantle or the coffee table. Maybe Sherlock should tell him about the relaxing act of shooting the wall. Too bad Mrs. Hudson wouldn't approve.
John giggled, removing his arms from around Sherlock to walk towards the toddler. “Leanna, love, the baby won't be able to play with toys when it comes out, they will be too little for that. But I love that you want to share with your brother or sister.”
Sarah looked surprised. “The police was already here.”
Sherlock always thought she should have gone for something different than being a Nanny. She was amazing with children of course, but she had the potential for more. She didn't go to university, because she thought she couldn't, not as an omega. Sherlock looked at her as he spoke. “Someone’s kept them that way. Quite a bit of mud caked on the soles. Analysis shows it’s from Sussex, with London mud overlaying it. I tested it for Pollen. Clear as a map reference to me. So, the kid who owned these trainers came to London from Sussex twenty years ago and left them behind.”
A lot of talking for now :D
“Sherlock, it’s impossible for Harry or Clara to hate you.”
Sarah was glowing. John wondered if there was something other than the pregnancy that could explain why the omega was radiating happiness… They had become really good friends, talked and seen each other often, first the pregnancy had been the focus of their interaction, but not for the last few months. He knew her well now, something must have happened to elicit such joy in his friend. John would be patient; Sarah will tell him when she ready.
“You need a walk. You think better when you’re moving. Go take a walk, John. I will wait for you.” Sherlock was rigid, tense but his eyes were so soft.
With a sigh, Sherlock finally fell asleep. John could feel the soft snores resonate in his chest.
Leanna beamed. Her friend Marco always talked about his family, now she was able to talk about hers too. She went and began a new drawing, she wanting to give something to Santa to thank him for his gifts. Her fathers were in the kitchen whisperings and giggling. Leanna was happy to see her Papa laughing; she had been used to a father a lot more reserved with showing his affection. She liked the changes even if she didn’t remember her life before Baker Street very well, she still thought sometimes about Mother and Granddad and Grandma. She felt her Papa's reluctance to speak about it, so she didn’t often ask about it.
Sherlock slept in his bed, instead of the couch, for once.
Sherlock, the genius did just that, “John, please don’t cry.” He cradled John’s head in his big hands, his thumbs drying the last tears and soothingly took him against him, John’s head nestled in Sherlock’s neck where the smell was the more potent. It worked wonders to calm him and John finally found his voice again.
They had parted ways and the guilt had been firmly there ever since. One week later he still hadn’t called Harry. He looked at one of the two photos on his desk. The last family photo he had with Harry and their parents.
There it was, the panic, hot and cold and she felt the need to throw up, only to find herself gagged.
Crossing his arms in front of his chest, John leaned against the kitchen counter almost casually, but the anger made him dangerous and Sherlock could see why seemingly ordinary John had become the dominant alpha of his army pack.
“Hmm.”
“Goodbye, little mouse. I love you”, he said, his voice soft for the moment. “Take care of Nana for us, okay?”
As if waiting for his queue, John stepped towards the bed, putting down the tray before climbing in.
Violet stood up with a calmness that was only pretend, anger bubbling just underneath the surface. “Stop. Just stop it. I don't even want to hear your voice. You will return home immediately. I will not have you destroy our reputation.”
“Sarah…the heat… Alphas and Omegas don’t just share it, they…”
“Stop John, you’re making choices that are not yours to make here! If you have feelings for Sherlock, you shouldn’t restrain yourself, let him choose what he wants or not. I am a beta, I can tell you I would have been really pissed off if Clara had refused a relationship with me in order to protect me!”
He could almost hear John’s smile. “It’s okay. Just come whenever you can. Maybe Leanna and you could stay in the hospital home. We’re in the delivery room anyway.”
In the bathroom he took of his clothes and stepped under the warm water. His thoughts soon began wandering. John. His handsome, perfect John, all warm and soft, hard and strong and oh... Sherlock could feel himself swelling. The thought of John inside of him, god, he wanted that. The alpha in him was meant to dominate, to take what he wanted and somehow that made the idea of John penetrating him even more alluring. Sherlock was an intellectual and he wasn't afraid of getting what he wanted, even if it went against his nature. And Sherlock wanted to be on his back with John's cock up his arse.
He prepared the pancake mix and all the ingredients he needed to cook sausage, eggs and bacon. It was time to see if Leanna was waking up. He had promised her the previous day that she would be able to help him.
“Oh yes. She’s in on it too. Now go and arrest them, Inspector. That’s what you do best.”
“You're going to kill me, Sherlock. You know I have to go back to the kitchen with that picture in my head now.”
birthday. Mummy probably thought that was somehow romantic, but Sherlock didn't want to get bonded at all so he didn't give a shite about the date. It was common for an alpha his age to find an omega and produce offspring. People in Sherlock's social cycle, which meant the rich and powerful, loved celebrating weddings, knowing that the omega would go into heat in the same night. The bonding was later celebrated whenever the newly-weds made it out of bed at the end of the heat.
“I don’t trust myself when I am too involved. I can make mistakes. I need to be … not biased in order to be sure of my deductions.”
Sherlock had to close his eyes. This was it. He would fuck John, right here and now and the Alpha in him wanted to take, to mark, to make John his.
John almost hurled in rage, “... Did you… Did you heard or see where he was going?”
“I thought I should tell you, because, yes, some worry you could become aggressive but they will change their mind. I’ve seen you working here for a month; you are always very patient with everyone.”
The nurse just left the room with a huff.
“Sherlock! Love… I love you! John felt his partner rhythm increased again and becoming more and more erratic. He had his face buried in John’s neck until he finally groaned and stilled against him. When John felt Sherlock’s orgasm, he was coming too, falling freely as he knew Sherlock would be there to help him land...
“I know enough! It’s disgusting, two alphas together! They are freaks too!”
A stomach rumbling suddenly interrupted the moment.
“Oh, love. We're going to have so much fun. Nothing is going to happen to you, not if you keep quiet until Sherly and Johnny find you. Or not. If you decide to disobey....”
“You'll come then?”
“Moran? The man who kidnapped you, what…”
“You geniuses forget I’m just a human. You’ll have to actually use words with me.” John teased.
They had just found each other and Sherlock wasn't willing to let this be taken from him.
“When is it finished growing? When will it come out?”
“Hello Dr Watson. Not too uncomfortable I hope.” said the grating voice of Henry Garrideb. “disappointed I’m not your boyfriend?”
It was too much, so many inputs, too much pleasure! After the strong stimulation of his prostate and the extremely delicious things Sherlock was doing to his nipples, John felt the familiar tension of an impending orgasm… He couldn’t stop it… Too much, he exploded with a cry.
“I love you too.”
Sherlock woke up sprawled across John, drooling onto the pillow next to John's ear. This was probably very uncomfortable for his partner, but right now Sherlock didn't care and the doctor was still asleep and unable to complain. With a content sigh, Sherlock buried his face in John's neck. Not opening his eyes, he determined that it had to be around half past seven, they had slept almost eight hours.
“You.”
Sherlock had to think about that, the touching part. Of course they touched, they lived together and they somehow raised a child. John had hugged him, but friends hug.
It was the sound of a door opening and closing that woke him up.
Janine smiled at him. “Oh, you are daft for a genius. He won't need to be attracted to the little doctor when she's in heat.”
“You should stop talking then,” Sherlock answered teasingly, hands roaming over John's back. They giggled, foreheads leaned against the others shoulder.
“You will be back in Sussex in two days at the most, or I will tell your parents where they can find you. And of course, I will call lovely Moran.”
Their daughter Leanna Opeline Holmes was born on June 7
Sarah looked surprised to see him.
Sherlock smiled against John's thigh, stroking the soft skin.
“She may succeed where I failed, she could become our ultimate weapon to control the British government.” Sherlock said, grinning.
Dr Mirakian had been impressed with how well the pregnancy was going. He had been sure that John had been in close proximity to Sarah to assure and provide the Alpha’s scent to help the omega’s body to accommodate the new lives in it. Sarah had explained that John’s mate had created a spray with John’s pheromones synthesized in it. Dr Mirakian had seemed very interested in the invention and John had boasted with pride when he said that his mate was a genius and a brilliant chemist.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. “Yeah, I think we should do that. I will talk to John as soon as i can, but for now we should go home.“
Few moments later, he felt the ghost of a finger against his cheek, as if Sherlock wanted to make sure he was really here, with him. A hesitant, anxious Sherlock was not acceptable. John would not let this continue. Funny how he became braver when he wanted to protect and save Sherlock, even from his own feelings and behaviour. When John felt once more Sherlock’s tentative fingers against him, John caught his hand and pressed it firmly against his cheek.
John smiled, which made him oh so beautiful in Sherlock's eyes.
He ignored his phone for the rest of the day.
He wrote down what he found out, but then realized he didn’t know any other bonded coupled who had recently divorced or where planning on it. He didn’t have the time to talk to strangers or get friendly with anyone, before they were willing to give intimate information to him.
John came over to them, still angry and anxious and ready to defend the omega carrying his children at any time.
“Of course.” Another kiss to the forehead. „We will find a way to stop this, I promise.“
“I am sorry love, so so sorry. I accept your apparent calm as you divorcing from every feeling. I didn’t understand it was your wall to protect yourself… But I don’t blame you, never did, not really, I am sorry I let you believe it. Whatever happens, I know, I know you are not responsible, I know you care. My love, my beautiful love.”
“Percival!”
“Hmm. Yes, baby. That's it. Oh, you gorgeous man.”
“I don’t want an omega, I want you and I find you beautiful,” John whispered, slowly moving his kisses to Sherlock’s long neck, “I love that you’re tall, taller than me, you’re not bony and if you could gain some pounds, you’re all lean muscles and I love it! And your skin, I find it entrancing, all this map for me to discover! If I was a poet I would sing you how beautiful I find you”
Holmes rolled forward, putting his head between his knees, his back making an audible crack as vertebra slid into their proper alignment.
“Yes. I hope to conduct a brief interview. Shall we say half past six?”
Out went the Inverness, and the rest of the heap along with it. The first incision made, as it were, the task no longer seemed impossible. I reached above an armoire—which was, in all probability, destined for the jumble sale itself—and pulled down a suede bergère hat that I had no memory of ever seeing before.
“It’s actually rather amusing. You see,
“Hush.”
Thank you again for your invaluable help in the Cadogan West affair. I regret to be requesting your aid again so soon, but I was wondering if you could put me in contact with your brother, Mycroft. I have been unable to find him since the case’s conclusion, all of my inquiries at Whitehall have been met with a stone-faced insistence that no such person exists, and I must contact him urgently as it seems he accidentally made off with my umbrella…
“Three and a bit,” I said, looking about to confirm my estimate. “Practically four.”
Watson’s initial reaction was one of shock, which was, in and of itself, disappointing. After five years at Baker Street, he really
“I enlisted the aide of our venerable housekeeper. Only, she seems to have overdone it on these knots. Watson, do you suppose she was ever a pirate queen?”
Mr Holmes,
“That you put that pipe away and come up with at least five more boxes of goods to send over to the parish before lunchtime. Is that agreed?”
“Not terribly,” mumbled I.
“Oh, but I haven’t—“ I stammered, looking at the full glass before me. Without thinking, I tossed it back before dashing to join Miss Holmes on the street.
It is a difficult thing for an Englishman to hate the rain. Not being terribly fond of the outdoors, I have never been bothered by it, and, indeed, take a small measure of satisfaction in being snug indoors while the rain carries on. Sherlock, on the other hand, can see nothing but the destructive force of the storm, which obliterates foot prints, cigarette ash, and so many measures of sin.
“So much for Mr. Henry Baker.”
Holmes took a deep breath, forgetting his tender ribs, and hissed. He took another, shallower one and sighed.
a stalwart constitution for you, Watson! Tell
“B-b-but she told me to ask
“Further more,” my friend continued, unfazed by these outbursts, “he lives a sedentary life, is middle-aged, has recently had his hair cut, uses lime-cream, and does not have gas laid on in his home.”
“Oh, it’s silly—but, if
“Green wallpaper in nurseries? Pardon me, I didn’t realize you were attending a meeting of the
“Lottie! Lottie, you’re missing it! Shirley Holmes is going to grace us with one of her divinations!”
Once more, Mr. Ryder dissolved into tears. I confess that I, myself, was moved by his anguish. For a moment, the three of us sat, the sound of Mr. Ryder’s sobs and the ticking of the mantel clock the only sounds. Then, Miss Holmes rose, and gazed into the fire, her hands in her trouser pockets.
“Speaking of cards,” I continued. “Do you suppose we could content ourselves with only a half-dozen sets?”
Hearing that, I drew back. I lifted from the muddy, bedraggled pile an Inverness cloak, torn at right the shoulder and bleached across the side from a close brush with a vile of vitriol. I hadn’t worn the thing in years—couldn’t imagine myself wearing it now—still, the thought of it being heaped onto the back of Harry Nolan’s pony cart along with so many chipped milk bottles and sole-less shoes gave me pause.
Holmes was quiet for a moment. Watson didn’t need to look at him to know he was being observed, studied; for all his cunning, Holmes had a stare which possessed the same subtlety as a brick. A stare which brought a blush to the good doctor’s cheek even when he hadn’t anything to blush about and, especially, when he had. It made his cheeks ache.
“You’re joking.” Watson sank back against the edge of his consulting table and buried his head in his hands. “Please, Holmes, tell me you’re joking.”
“I should have returned it to you sooner, only I had no way of contacting you. Why-ever didn’t you advertise?”
were Mrs. Baker, I should never let my husband out in that mangy old thing.”
“But what about the stone?” asked Miss Jones.
Difficulty, Watson reflected, was putting it mildly. Prostrate on the floor with his arms and legs bound together behind his back—not exactly a pleasant nor dignified way to spend an afternoon. Then again, one could hardly accuse Holmes of being pleasant or dignified, even on the best of days.
There was a faint murmur of agreement among our audience. Miss Holmes set the hat back on the sewing table. A satisfied smile crept across her lips. I sat there, admiring her genius and the way the faint afternoon sun made her grey eyes sparkle.
Someone on the other side of the bar had called out to Big Joe. Watson watched his broad back disappear among the crowd before downing the rest of his beer with a grimace.
“Oh, Watson—Thank God you’ve come! Another hour and I’d’ve been done for.”
“And that means I’m destined for defeat, does it?”
a card tied to the goose’s leg which read ‘For Mrs. Henry Baker’ and, while the initials ‘H. B.’ are inscribed in the lining of this hat, there are no less than three
Send me a prompt (in the comments or via
“Of course, you
the fine free-thinkers of the Royal Society?” asked Holmes, “Proffering any new technological wonders with which to revolutionize the medical sciences?”
“I’ll give you nine’t’one on the little one!” someone called.
“It certainly is something to think about—rendering your helpless, pliant… I could find quite a few uses for you.”
“No, no. No crime,” Miss Holmes declared with a laugh. She swung her legs over the edge of the bed, and began casting about for her slippers. “Merely one of those whimsical little incidents which result from having four million human beings all jostling about in the same few square miles. In so dense a swarm of humanity, many a mysterious and improbable combination of events may occur that are striking, or bizarre, but not exactly criminal.”
“They may be inclined to do so anyway, if we show up to the sale with ten or twenty sets between us.”
”Ah…” he said.
“You what?” asked Watson, stunned.
“I was just wondering what I’d done with it. I had a notion of trying my hand at a sort of sub-continental adventure story. You know—tiger hunts, traipsing through the jungle, roaming bands of thugees, that sort of thing. Thought I might have some notes stashed away in here. Something of my time in India.”
“Or, rather, I fancy, of
What possible reason would motivate you to do something so positively moronic?”
“Ah, Mr. Brownlee, good evening,” said Holmes, drawing his pipe from between his lips. “Watson tells me you two’ve patched things up. That’s very touching, really. They do say to forgive is divine.”
“I went back to my sister, and she told me there’d been two geese with black tails. Two! I demanded to know where the other way, which surely had the stone in it, and she told me she’d sold them all to that Breckinridge. I ran just as fast as my feet could carry me to the market, but it was too late! He’d sold them too, and not a word he’ll breathe of where or to whom. My sister thinks I’ve gone mad. Sometimes I think I must be. What else must I be—I have branded myself a thief, and for what? I shall never ever touch the riches for which I’ve sold my character. God help me!”
“I believe I can manage without it,” he said with a smile.
Not that I am alone in my untidiness! As medical men go, Watson is by far the most bohemian and relaxed fellow I have ever had the good fortune to encounter. An odd pile of books here or an unwashed teacup there hardly registers with him, and he is tolerant, if not exactly accepting, of my peculiar habits concerning tobacco storage. He is also a man of the world, who has travelled far and wide, both at my side and independently, and he, too, has amassed a rather unusual collection of oddities which befit such a man. Among his more harmless vices is the queer love of regional mementos manufactured specifically for the Englishman abroad.
“Shirley,” I asked in a low voice. “Why did you say that to the barman? About my being your wife, I mean.”
“Exactly. Yet, now it is quite shabby and worn, all suggesting that, while he could afford a good quality hat three years ago, he has not be able to purchase one since. As to his powers of foresight—these holes here in the lining are from hat-securers. They are never sold with the hat, always an extra. That he considered them a worthy investment at the time suggests prudent care for the future, while the fact they have since been lost, along with his fortunes, suggests the opposite. A man who goes from rich to poor, and from prudent to careless in three years is usually the victim of some demonic force or other. Peterson’s account of the man staggering home at four in the morning would make drink the likely culprit.”
“After all, it is the season of forgiveness, isn’t it?”
“What in the Devil do you think you’re doing?” he asked.
wager against me?”
“That wasn’t—“
When Watson spotted the Crown Violet bottle left carelessly on the counter the old, schoolboy's habit got the better of him. He left the chemist with the bottle in his pocket and thoughts of love, as the violets warned, squarely on his mind.
Watson’s eyes crinkled with amusement. A chortle rose from the back of his throat, breaking out into a guffaw.  He shook his head.
A metallic clank rang out as the needle driver and forceps landed on the bottom of the wash basin. Watson made quick work of tidying the blood-soaked gauze and stoppering the liniment bottle. This, he supposed, was his boxing ring. There was comfort in the routine of surgery, in the familiar smell of antiseptic and ether.
The climate in Terai is so hot, it seems a mockery that the Himalayas are so near, taunting the valley with their snowcapped peaks. In January, when the temperature drops to a balmy seventy-aught degrees, a summer’s day in Norfolk, Victor Trevor’s thoughts return to England. With the aid of some palm wine and
Her voice was warm, passionate, as when she spoke about her cases, or her aspirations, or when we were cuddled together in bed. We were paused at the corner Endell Street, waiting for a clutter of carriages to disperse. Miss Holmes put her hand on my elbow and bid me to look at her. I shall say no more other than we kissed, and with such tenderness and affection as I hope shall be granted to every lover.
is this my fault?”
“But, Shirley… if this John Horner stole the carbuncle, what did he do with it? I mean, how did it end up in a
He doctored Holmes’s sliced finger in smug silence and kissed it when he was done.
“Thank you, Joe.”
“Oh, shut up.”
“That it is, sir, heaven help me.”
“You mean it is his hat?”
“Bring it along, and I shall tell you all about it over tea.”
I shall spare the reader what came after, for such scenes are perhaps less picturesque and certainly less energetic than they once were. But, suffice it to say that by the time we made our way to the garden, we were forced to share our meal with a horde of ants and a rather persistent wasp. Still, the weather was splendid with a light breeze perfumed with the last of the peony blossoms. Even a modest meal is a feast in such surrounds.
his Grace paid you quite handsomely for your assistance.”
For the prompt: Watson + "while driving or in/around a car."
wretched.”
“Ah, yes, of course,” I said, with no small amount of annoyance in my voice. I sat on the edge of my bed and bent down to unbutton my boots, stretching my tired, stockinged feet towards the fire. It was a cold night, and the windows were thick with ice crystals. “I suppose, homely as it looks, that this old hat has some deadly story linked to it, that it is the vital clue which may lead to the solution of some crime—the chapeau of a murderer?”
She opened her hand and held it out for all to see. Nearly every lady present let out a gasp. There, in Mrs. Burns’s calloused palm, lay a brilliant blue jewel. Almost as big as a bean, the stone shimmered and seemed to glow, its color as deep and rich as the sky at twilight.
“I’ll get a clothes-dummy and put it up in my study. Then I can imagine I’ve a handsome, young soldier at my beck and call.”
“No, no, he found it. The owner is unknown. A fascinating intellectual problem, to be sure. Listen, and I shall tell you how it came here.”
I turned my head to glance up at her. Between the tall grey hat she wore and the woolen muffler wrapped about her neck, her face was framed on all sides. In the lamplight, the curve of her nose and the sharpness of her brow seemed all the more handsome. I felt the brandy’s warmth rising in my cheeks as I recalled her words to the landlord.
requested "broken glass".
It was the second morning after Christmas and I was eager to return home to Baker Street. As it was, I had scarcely set foot in my own rooms for nearly a week; an outbreak of cholera and a shortage of nurses had kept me at Bart’s for much of Advent. Having spent my Christmas on ward duty, the thought of a hot meal, a warm bath, and pleasant company innervated me so that I took the stairs at a gallop, calling Miss Holmes’s name as I went.
“Ah, well, them’s not
Mrs. Hudson straightened herself up in preparation for rejection. All of us girls were familiar with this moment, when the ordinarily tender, almost motherly, expression on her face hardened with the sternest of her trade. It was this expression which always preceded a chiding about noise, or a polite reminder of a late remittance. But, before she could speak, Mrs. Hudson’s eyes caught once more the sparkle and glimmer of the stone. As her face softened, I could nearly see the words ‘paid in full’ dance across her features.
suggested: Holmes/Watson, an ibis, and a cursed tomb.
“Don’t be ridiculous. I told you I’ve gotten four boxes together. And that shield will count as the fifth.”
“Your name is Ryder, isn’t it? James Ryder, head attendant at the Hotel Cosmopolitan?”
“You—“
“Yes, here we are—just as I recalled. ‘December twenty-second, Cosmopolitan Hotel. A plumber by the name of John Horner, age twenty-six, brought up on the charge of having perpetrated the robbery of the gem known as the Blue Carbuncle of the Countess Morcar.’ Let us see… ‘ the stone’s value,’ et cetera, et cetera… Ah, yes. ‘The chief evidence in the case was provided by upper-attendant of the hotel, James Ryder, to the effect that he had shown Horner up to the dressing-room of the Countess for repairs. Ryder was called away for a short time, and upon returning to the room, found that Horner had disappeared. A bureau drawer had been forced open, and the Morroccan case wherein the Countess kept the priceless jewel, lay empty on the dressing table. Horner, who had shown signs of intense emotion during the proceedings, fainted away at the conclusion and was carried out of court’.”
) and I'll write three sentences!
“Good evening,” replied he. The man glanced from me, to the brass plaque beside the door, which read: ‘Mrs. Hudson’s Lodging House for Young Ladies’. “I… I am afraid I’ve got the wrong address.”
At that moment, the door opened, and the both of us were shown into Mrs. Hudson’s library, which, for an extra half-week’s fees, Miss Holmes made use of as her private reception room. A small price to pay to be able to receive guests without suffering an impromptu recital at the piano forte, or the unwanted affections of Miss Jones’s dog. It was small, cheerful room, decorated with rich reds and golds, and furnished with high-backed wing chairs, which never failed to make Miss Holmes look distinguished.
Watson could not help but smirk as Lord Ansley bemoaned the ‘middle-class manner of the chap who answered the door’. As his Lordship paced the sitting room, Watson wondered whether or not to tell him that only the week before that ‘middle-class chap’ had had an audience with Her Majesty the Queen.
–if not for Mycroft’s sake, then for propriety’s, or possibly, for our own. I should be lying, if I did not admit there is a certain, youthful thrill to be had waiting behind the summer house on a moonlit evening, listening carefully for the sound of a familiar footfall, or the quiet call of your name from your beloved’s lips…
“I. Don’t know.
He gave my cheek an affectionate pat and I leaned into it to feel the cool touch of the ring upon his little finger. A plain gold band which I had given him years ago and which he has never taken off since. His hand moved from my cheek to my shoulder where it gripped me firmly.
I have said that when she is in drag parts, however convincing they may be to others, I see only Shirley Holmes. That is not entirely true. There is an expression she makes while in her gentlemanly disguise, a faint tilt of the head, and a debonair smile, which fills me with a girlish excitement, so that I, too, am apt to forget. Miss Holmes looked at me then, with that same expression, her eyes bright with such mischief that it felt almost wicked to be alone with her.
“Of course, it usually depends on the size of the victim—“
“That may well be,” he replied, “though I don’t know anyone who’s combated sunstroke by wearing a Beja shield on his head.”
Watson had always enjoyed his signature. He liked the way it looked at the bottom of a patient note, across the top of a story sent off to The Strand, on a tender letter to a loved one. But when the time came to sign the affidavit regarding the events at Reichenbach, the black curl of his name across the page was the ugliest thing he had ever seen.
“Seven weeks, plus half for the use of my library.”
“Ah, yes, I’d nearly forgotten. There are tallow stains here, all along the brim and crown. One stain, possibly two or three, may be due to random chance, but I count over thirty. He therefore must come into contact with burning tallow quite often. As we already established he is something of a home-sitter, it stands to reason it would be at home. In any event, he didn’t get these stains from a gas-jet.”
) and I'll write three sentences!
thinks Watson, admiring the spiral top–
“I should stake my honor on it,” said Miss Holmes and, before anyone could make a crude remark, continued, “I ought to know its size and shape by heart. The advertisement for its recovery has been in the paper everyday lately.”
silly. You were very much missed at Christmas. The new girl on the first floor, who fancies herself a soprano, woke us up bright and early with her caterwauling; Mrs. Hudson made a marvelous plum pudding; and I hadn’t anyone to smile at when Miss Samuels spilled gravy all down the front of her new lace gown.”
“Undoubtedly, though it might make rather obvious that the rest of our collection is only plated. Thank you for the matches.”
I took the tattered object in my hands and turned it over rather ruefully. A twitter of laughter rose from the divan as I peered through the lens at the hat. I am certain I made a funny picture, sitting there, staring at this ordinary hat as though it might impart some secret knowledge to me. I am no expert in the matter of men’s attire, but it struck me as a very ordinary black hat, rounded in shape and much abused. Its red silk lining was faded and torn and bore no distinguishing marks, save the initials ‘H.B.’, which Miss Holmes had already noted. I handed it back to her with a shrug.
“Seems to belong to a Captain John H. Watson,” I declared.
suggested Holmes/Watson and St. Sebastian.
I placed the chapeau on my head. “Would give good sun protection.”
“Horse thieves have to eat, same as everyone.”
“Who are you? What do you want?”
“Neither. It belongs to the Duke of Holdernesse.”
“Yes, sir.”
At that, she raised her head, and, for the first time since I had entered our room, looked at me. Her hand reached across the space between our beds and sought mine. I gave it to her willingly, and was rewarded with a beatific smile.
“And now, she has a very becoming table runner. But, you must be hungry. Come, it’s nearly teatime—let us brave the wilds of the sitting room in search of sustenance.”
“It isn’t.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he replied, a little too quickly.
“Oh, sir, please.” Mr. Ryder’s voice was hoarse, his lips trembling as he spoke. “Please, can you tell where it went to?”
“Evenin’ gents.”
“About two and quarter grains by weight—“
“Yes, very. Oh, but, it’s after five already. We shall have to hurry, if we mean to get it in the evening papers.”
“Perhaps I should start charging you. It would certainly make my creditors happy. Two shillings per stitch, plus consultation fees and materials. Not to mention this
“As sure as they come.”
precious stone—the Blue Carbuncle. The same stone which Countess Morcar lost some five days hence.”
“Do cheer up, Watson. While I don’t delight in watching Big Joe take your money, I must admit it will be tremendous to topple McMurdo if he’s as large as all that. Like sinking my fist into a peat bog.”
“Though you should never know it from looking.”
“Send that one and the pewter one. The silver should go to an auction house, if it goes anywhere. It’s a genuine Cellini.”
requested Mycroft and nightshirts.
“Oh, John, not the rag-and-bone, surely.”
the-moon-loves-the-sea requested: H/W, cuff links ♥
, of all places?”
“I daren’t even try. Good Lord, I can’t remember having been so thin as all this—look at this collar! I must have been a waif. I think the trousers are still in here as well—those will really be good for a laugh.”
Our host nodded, considering me once more with a critical eye.
Whatever else became of the afternoon, I confess I cannot recall. I am sure we returned to our work with renewed zeal as when all was said and done we needed Ferguson’s help to cart it all to the church. The bazaar, I believe, was a success from the first. I wish I could say that our cottage is emptier now for our efforts, but, alas, our belongings seem to have a way of multiplying and disheveling themselves which defies belief. Still, I am grateful for these mementos of our lives, for the gold sovereign given in kindness, and for the magnifying glass once belonging to a family patriarch. I am especially grateful for my dummy-soldier, who stands now in a quiet corner of my study, a stead-fast reminder of the cold, bitter day in January, which brought my dearest treasure to me.
Mrs. Burns shook her head. “See here, ma’am! See what I’ve found in its crop!”
I turned to Watson and asked, “What about this?”
“Yes. Run by the landlord of the Alpha. That’s a… er… public house, you see,” he said, nodding his head to Miss Holmes. He fumbled with his hat as he continued. “While I am loathe to admit to it in the presence of a lady, I, myself, am something of a frequenter of the establishment. We all are—all of us at the museum. That’s where I work, you understand: the museum. The Alpha is just around the corner there, and for Christmas the landlord ran a goose club for the frequenters, myself included, whereby a gentleman can put a few pence in a week, and come away with a bird at Christmas. My contributions were duly paid, and the rest of the story is already familiar to you, I fear. Thank you, again, sir. Truly, you cannot underestimate my gratitude.”
If you want to get informed as soon as chapter 1 is uploaded, leave a comment, please.
“You are always willing to try something new. You have been with mostly female betas, but you are not shy about touching my very male body.”
“Git!” John tried to throw a cushion at Sherlock but failed miserably, he was laughing too much.
Sherlock yelped, “John! Your back!”
“But Papa. She’s so little. I think she needs to go back in Sarah’s belly and grow some more.”
“To London.”
“Hmm, John. We should stop dancing in front of other people,” he whispered, chin pressed to the top of John's head.
The man on the sofa looked up to him in mock despair, lifting his hands as if to emphasize his suffering.
“Oh? Yes, you are right. Now I recognize him too.” Sherlock got to his feet and pressed a kiss to his boyfriend's cheek. “You really look handsome, John.”
“So, Leanna, as you are the oldest sibling, could you please explain to me how I have on one side a bruised Matilda and on the other side a boy who cries and refuse to tell me anything?”
“Yes. Yes, we found her. She… She’s at the hospital. I don’t know… Daddy is with her.“
Sherlock looked up at John. “He loved those shoes, remember. He’d never leave them filthy. Wouldn’t leave them go unless he had to. So: a child with big feet gets ...Oh.”
“Yes.” Leanna almost jumped out of bed. “Hurry, Papa. We need to buy a picture frame.”
“You knew, then? About what she was going to do?”
“Dr Watson,” Jim cooed, “fancy seeing you here. I'm afraid you can't stop this. If he stays alive, or I get harmed, Sebastian has the order to kill Sarah. You remember Sebastian, I suppose?”
Strong arms wrapped around him, as John slowly woke up on their makeshift bed in front of their fireplace.
It was a
The picture showed Sarah on the same bed she had been on in the last one. Moriarty forced her to smile and she had her arms wrapped protectively around her belly.
There wasn’t any alcohol scent on his sister, probably why it felt so good to smell her properly. He used to be able to recognise her by scent only. A wave of nostalgia hit him, he no longer could immediately identify his beta sister, they had been estranged too long.
“Did you have a nightmare?” The detective remained silent.
“No little lioness, we are staying.”
It was late at night when he came home. He had gone to the tailor and then to Barts and only texted John about Leanna. He wouldn't want her in the middle of their stupid fight in which his ego had gotten the best of him.
“Why do you say that? I have a very good reason to believe he can’t be attracted to me, I just can’t tell you what.” John was sulking. He really spent too much time with Sherlock if he began to sulk like him!
“Hello Sherlock. So nice to finally meet you.”
“You will have to stay in hospital for two weeks, John. Needs time to heal.”
“Clara knows something is not right” Sherlock affirmed a few seconds later, “You should tell her, she will support you, that her privilege as your partner to be here for you.”
“Of course John.”
Sherlock clung to John, trying to catch his breath and up with his brain. Sarah was dead. There was no doubt Moriarty would make his threat a reality, the man was a lot of things but not a bluff…
Members of the funeral home staff took the body away and Sherlock’s only reaction was to take a step back as they passed him. The room, busy with people trying to be quiet and respectful, was now empty and Sherlock could finally give in to the weakness in his knees. He fell to the floor, hands buried in his own hair as he wept.
“When Mummy said to her friend she should get her man, she meant Lily should kiss someone.”
“See you tomorrow then!” Sarah waved her hand and disappeared in the streets of London.
Suddenly, he wanted to see that face again, all for him, lost in music, in his arms, everything else on hold for as long as the song lasted… Bloody hell, Sherlock was right, he was a romantic too! Whatever, he quickly opened his laptop and searched for a slow music.
“Yes… I didn’t say I am ready to go all the way, but… Sherlock, would you make love to me?”
Sherlock woke up in the early hours of the morning. He had dreamed of John kissing him again, pressing him roughly against the wall this time. Dreaming didn't even come close to how John's lips would feel in reality of course and Sherlock couldn't keep his mind from playing through the possibility of doing just that. Kissing John. Lips, then tongue, then teeth. Preferably with a decreasing amount of clothes.
“I remember you, but you’ve grown so much! You can call me aunty if you want!” Harry was smiling, and Leanna did remember that day. She had lots of fun running and playing with the other children.
“Sherlock, are you still with us?” John was smiling fondly at him.
“What…?” She carefully put Matilda down and slowly turned around herself in the middle of the living room, finding something she liked with every look. Her favourite books, the picture of her grandmother, the sofa she had seen online.
John went behind the experimenting genius and took him in his arms, resting his head against the strong shoulder. “I need you.”
He was so concentrated on his task that he almost jumped when warm arms wrapped around him from behind.
“I...,” he started, not knowing what he wanted to answer.
“Hmm. The guy would have stabbed you either way. I just wished I was there to punch him in the face for it.”
Sarah was waking up. John got up and searched for his clothes; he didn’t want to stay naked for one more minute.
“Our little elf thought it was a good idea to explore the shop alone, luckily, a lady kept her with her when she saw her alone. She worried me sick!” John explained.
“Dr Watson,” the doctor said,” we would like to talk to you and the mother about your son.”
“Shhh, I love you too sweetheart, so much”, John turned over and took his love in his arms. They should clean up, but well, he didn’t care right now and before they knew it, they were asleep.
“We're going to clean up. Why don't you get dressed and then we’ll leave?”
“Oh, love,” John would whisper, kissing his spine and shoulder blades, “You look so gorgeous like this. Come on, love. Show me.”
Many thanks to our beta reader Justbecause !
John let himself rut against Sherlock a moment, the pleasure rolling in waves, his mouth still exploring alternately neck, chest and collarbone. Everything was so sweet! Bit by bit, John migrated south, Sherlock moans were more and more vocal and uninhibited, it was fantastic.
“Yes, I want to marry you. Give me my ring, will you?”
Sherlock got bonded on the day of his wife's 25
One hours later, they were in the headmaster’s office. He felt safe with Leanna’s arm around him. Even Matilda took comfort by taking her hand. She had a bruise on her cheek but was otherwise unharmed. Malo had seeked Leanna in her class and she had stopped the fight before it got dangerous.
John wanted to keep this moment engraved in his heart forever, Leanna nestled between him and Sherlock. This could work. They would be his family, his pack. He didn’t need anything else, he felt content, utterly blessed, his inner alpha would have purred if it could. Sherlock was smiling at him while John petted his hair, time could stop now, he didn’t want anything more.
“No, nothing else we could see.”
“John…” Sherlock whispered.
More emotions than Sherlock could count had been fighting for superiority on John's face for the whole evening. While they were watching a movie, John just looked at the wall as Sherlock looked at him.
“It's Mr. Scott now.”
“Yeah, fantastic, amazing, earth shattering!”
“He is dead. She killed him. The wife of the man who died trying to save me… I don’t know their names… Where I am… I don’t know… I should apologize to her… Maybe…” Sarah was more and more agitated and distressed trying to explain and understand.
“The car was hired yesterday morning by an Ian Monkford. Banker of some kind; City boy. Paid in cash. Told his wife he was going away on a business trip, but he never arrived.”
~ember88
Slow. He would need to slow down.
“I do.”
“Don't want to go, Papa”, she whispered.
“You are wondering why you are here.” Sherlock smirked. “And I think my lovely assistant....” he gestured at Leanna “...will show you.”
John didn't know what to say. Her sister had a point. Maybe his reluctance about initiating something else with Sherlock was more complex than gender status. But he couldn’t talk with Harry about his own insecurities. Could someone as extraordinary as Sherlock really have romantic feelings for him? Him, ordinary, ex-army John?
That sad smile again. Sherlock walked closer to her, squeezing her shoulder, which was awkward for the both of them.
“You… Maybe you’re right” Sherlock compiled and followed him to the bedroom.
What a joke, he had hoped he would feel better in an A&E environment, somewhere he could once more feel useful and have adrenaline flow in his system. Ella had been very happy about this. But once more, his accident prevented him from doing what he wanted: be in the middle of the action! He couldn’t be a surgeon because of the tremor in his dominant hand, and couldn’t be an accident and emergency doctor either because he had to have a psychosomatic limp on top of everything else! Oh and listen to yourself John, you just whine like a baby! He was becoming bitter and it worried him.
And fell into the lion's paws.
“Yes.”
Sherlock thought about it, imagined Sarah in intensive care, maybe she would have a miscarriage over the next few days due to the stress and the influence of an unbonded Alpha. John would be devastated and maybe rude in his grief. He didn’t want Leanna to experience all of that.
“Would you want to stay here?”
John hummed in agreement, a kiss pressed to Sherlock's wrist. Their silence was comfortable this time and Sherlock almost fell asleep, John's scent now pleasant and calming.
“Leanna?” John felt suddenly compelled to ask.
“Ms Sarah Sawyer? Follow me to the office, please.”
“He sho… I.. he shot and i… oh sherlock. I couldn’t protect him.” She held her younger son as he shook with sadness.
“They are for the Christmas party, not for now. Even Leanna understands that concept.”
While getting ready for his day, John though wandered back to his night time encounter, a week ago.
“Sarah, you won’t have to do all of it alone. I will be here to help you. You know that to follow through a pregnancy unbonded is difficult. I will try to help as much as I can…And after the birth…I won’t lie, I didn’t really think of myself as a father, but I think…” John turned toward his love, “Sherlock, we will have to talk about it, what you want to do, how much we can be present in this child’s life…Sarah… Would you agree to let me and Sherlock be present in your child’s life? And Leanna?”
Sherlock opened his mouth and hesitated before explaining. “The Alpha part, a little luck there, there was the nurse’s behaviour with you and where you are positioned in the photography, I thought you were their alpha. I was right obviously”.
The rat ran to his aid, and speedily
“You could bring Sherlock and his daughter if you want. He seems to make you happy.”
But there’s still mud on them. They look new. Molly sat down on one of the tables. She was still pale and looked like she could start crying at any moment.
“Good! So we have some time before the reservation, I ask Mrs Hudson to prepare you a hot bath, go and relax, I will prepare your clothes.”
John made him smile so easily, be it a horrible joke or the way he treated Leanna. The three of them visited museums together, went to the cinema and even to a pool once, dull activities that were made fascinating by the presence of one army doctor.
There was a tap on the door and a moment later it opened, revealing Leanna. She came up to them and John lifted her to sit on his knees as Sherlock moved his head.
There were a few moments of silence in which Molly walked closer to them. Sherlock knew he was missing something and that he needed John's help. It was hard to admit that in front of Molly that's why his request sounded more rude than he had intended it to be.
“I should ask you, headmaster, how an older kid could insult and fight with my sister without any adult intervening? I just made him stop his nonsense with some carefully chosen words. Now we are going to wait for our parents.”
It was all the encouragement John needed. He let his tongue progressively breach Sherlock’s hole, the muscles, weak from all the stimulation, surrendered to the invasion. In and out.
“Show me, little mouse, oh, is that us? It’s beautiful! Look Sherlock!” Leanna watched as her fathers examined her painting and she felt proud. And loved. And she never wanted anything to change.
Taking care of her was a delight and one of the perks of having met Sherlock.
John had never felt so spoiled in his life. Everything was perfect, Sherlock had outdone himself. The day had been a delight with Leanna, but the diner? A sweet torture… Sherlock had been charming and teasing and he had never felt so desired before… He was used to wooing, not being wooed himself… With candles and roses, he still couldn’t believe analytical Sherlock had bought him roses and a romantic dinner for his birthday. If asked some years or even months ago, he would have laughed at the thoughts, probably said something about it being old fashioned and unnecessary… But from Sherlock? It was exciting and cute and…yes quite arousing too…
“You…really? You’re going to say it’s my fault!”
Sherlock was preoccupied with all this. He had seen the detective trying to find Moriarty and Moran without success so far. John wasn’t naïve, he knew it was worrying…But at the moment, it was Christmas and he didn’t want to think more about it. He would talk to Sherlock about it later, after the holidays.
“John.”
Now, he will have to explain everything to Sherlock. He had already left his scarf to Sarah when he had left her after the doctor’s appointment, but Sherlock should be warned that Sarah would have his scent on her. Especially as he would see her at their Christmas party. He dreaded a little how the detective would respond; he knew he wouldn’t take that kind of news very well…
For a moment Sherlock caught himself being excited about this, almost having fun, before he remembered what was at risk if he failed. “I mean, you missed almost everything of importance, but, um, you know ...” He took the trainers from John. “The owner loved these. Scrubbed them clean, whitened them where they got discoloured. Changed the laces three ... no, four times. Even so, there are traces of his flaky skin where his fingers have come into contact with them, so he suffered from eczema. Shoes are well-worn, more so on the inside, which means the owner had weak arches. British-made, twenty years old.”
John's eyes were dark as he pointed a finger at Sherlock.
They stumbled to their feet and made their way through the kitchen, still kissing, fingers loosening buttons and stroking over naked skin, revealed from underneath the fabric of their shirts. Whispered endearments against swollen lips and flushed cheeks.
“There isn't. Leanna already has an alpha. I pulled a few strings.” Sherlock watched his brother make a step back. “If you are going to hug me, I will take them back. Just sign them, Dr Watson.”
“It doesn't matter now. We need to go back to the flat. Molly, maybe you could spend some time with your mother, you need her comfort.”
Moran didn't seem to be impressed. He was the only one Jim couldn't scare with simple threats. He made it up in loyalty.
Some of the pedestrians seemed amused by two grown man in pajamas and dressing gowns carrying three children out the door and a few meters along Baker Street before entering the next house.
“Oh. Alright then.”
“Sherlock! Love, I won’t last long!” John warned, he had slowed a few time already before again increasing his rhythm, but he knew he wouldn’t be able to do it again, not with Sherlock’s vocal enthusiasm and eager response to his trusts.
Now betaed by Justbecause! ~ember88
She didn’t care for the girl or about the fact that she took the phone from violet’s dressing gown. She whispered words into deaf ears, words she couldn’t remember after and she rocked Siger like he had rocked their sons.
Sherlock had not felt that connection Janine and he had shared since they had been bonded. When he had visited her in jail months ago, it had still been there. Sherlock made a note on that in his mind palace and after he concluded Sarah had now been comforted enought over having to be part of the trial, he asked her questions about her separated bond, the unwillingness of her Alpha to let her go and the pain as they removed the bond bite with chemicals.
All the following chapters will be uploaded in their beta read version.
“People are idiots,” Leanna said with such conviction, it made Sherlock smile. “They are,” he agreed.
“Are you ogling me?” Sherlock had asked later when he came back with a waffle for Leanna.
“But you want to, don't you? You want to fuck me.”
Oh his clever little girl. Of course she would think about that.
Vany aka Strange_Johnlock
“Oh, my wonderful girl. I missed you so much. I love you, Leanna. I love you.”
Sherlock turned to his side and sat up, careful not to make Malo fall over (this bed was definitely too small for five people) and finally opened his eyes. The little boy beamed at him and took a few wobbly steps towards him. Sherlock caught him, hugging him. He kissed his red hair. “Happy birthday, love,” he whispered.
“For being such a dick recently. I know I wasn’t fair with you. I was angry about everything and my mood like a roller-coaster. I know it must have been hard for you. And I am sorry. I promise I won’t let the outside world interfere with my relationship with you and Leanna anymore.”
The Lion and the Rat/Mouse by Jean De la Fontaine
“Don't want to go back to hotel, Papa. Neighbour really loud.” Leanna lifted her head, looking at John instead of her father with her big, round eyes.
There's none so small but you his aid may need.
The scent of her distressed omega was what led Violet’s way through the dark hallways, up the stairs. She was in an unused and very old part of the Holmes’s Manor. What the hell was going on? Why had her husband decided to go there and what, or rather who, was threatening him?
There had been so disapproving sound behind them but John’s murderous glare had made them flee quickly. John had discreetly smelled Sherlock after to make sure the beta disguise was still working.
“Uncle My, look at my drawing! Here, and look I made that!” Leanna took her uncle by the hand and gave him a thorough tour of all the living room. Uncle My was a little stiff but she was used to that behaviour from him, she wasn’t intimidate by it anymore. And after some time, he was truly smiling to her, it was alright then and she enthusiastically gave one of her favourite book to him.
He stopped to get some money from a bank, destroying the credit card after.
“Thank you Sherlock for the tissue, … and for caring too.”
John was already feeling light headed from the kisses. God, he should be used to it by now... But the desire and burning feeling of love that ran in his veins each time the tall man kissed him, touched him, or even smiled, truly smiled at him... Well... It was like... But all coherent thought left his mind when Sherlock began to give his alpha's possessiveness more freedom. The ex-soldier was a willing prisoner in the tall man grip, completely wrapped in those arms.   Oh he would be able to get free if he wanted. But John found it more and more easy to let go his control, to trust Sherlock with his body.
Jim Moriarty was whistling when he stepped onto the roof. He looked... normal, handsome even, as he had on the pictures, but his smile, his flirtatious nature didn't reach his eyes. They remained dark and without life. Sherlock wanted to strangle him for the song he was humming, grinning like a mad man doing it.
“Okay, you won. Your revenge was a success. But what makes you think I would come back to you? I could go anywhere with Leanna. London was an obvious hiding place. I can go anywhere with Mycroft's help.”
“Never.” And Sherlock  reaffirmed his grip on his mate. Finally he could sleep.
He pulled a cigarette from his coat pocket and, after lightening it with shaking hands, inhaled deeply. Machine. He needed to be a machine now, function for at least one last time.
“Shhh, I am here, Sherlock, I am here.” John pulled Sherlock close against him, trying to sooth him.
“The situation is less than perfect. I hate Janine and Moriarty for doing this to Sarah and I, and I want them both in jail for the rest of her life. But this child... I... it's probably ridiculous, but I... I want that. I want a child that is created from part of my DNA.”
John, used to do the talking when it came to relatives or victims, smiled at her as best as he could in his situation. “We're not from the police...”
“You were very protective of her tonight, and you let very powerful scent on her, something threatened her, more than just her wandering in the shop. Tell me.”
“... I like the sound of that name. I don’t think I heard it before. How do you know that name? Sarah asked.
“I knew you would find us, Mycroft, though I had expected you at least two weeks ago. You are getting slow, brother mine.” He knew he should be nice, this fragile and oh so wonderful life with John depended on his brother right now, but he couldn't help himself. This is how they had always talked to each other, secretly worrying about the other.
Karen finished her speech with a confident smile. She obviously thought she was being kind to the ex-doctor. Probably convinced her words would save John from making a big mistake.
“Yes, we promise,” And John gave her his little finger. “Do you want to cuddle with your father and me?”
“Do you want John kissing you, Papa?”
“Great! Phone me if you need anything!”
The detective looked at Watson again, trying to find any evidence that would suggest the doctor couldn't be trusted. There was none, none that Sherlock could detect. Even his scent was pleasant and strong. And John meant what he said, a friendly smile hiding the anger towards a woman he didn't even know.
“Why is Daddy sad?” Her voice was tiny and Sherlock felt the need to hold her close.
Leanna beat him to their flatmate, hugging him tightly.
“You… you ejaculated without stimulation of you penis…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Then, in the blink of an eye, she went back to cold and calculating. “Not that this matters now. This little game of yours is over and by the end of the week you will be back in Sussex. You know why? My private investigator, Moriarty, found about your little Alpha boyfriend."
A bitter laugh escaped Violet. “I just lost my mate. You will stop talking about her, get the stick out of your arse and hug your mother.”
End. He had, stupidly, believed things would stay this way forever, that John and Leanna and he would have an eternity together.
He was panicking. John needed to do something. Now. Or he would disappear into this hurricane of feeling.
Sherlock picked up the Petri dish from underneath the microscope and almost shoved it into John's face in his excitement.
“My problem? Because it’s MY problem?”
“I am pretty sure he will be very happy, love. You made a beautiful meal with lots of love, he will feel it.”
“Sherlock. There is a car waiting for you downstairs. We found Sarah.”
“I fired her.”
“Thank you, love. Let's get ready for bed then.”
“Stay here, John, I want to keep feeling you.”
Sherlock’s face was a mix of anger, worry and… fear… Not something John was used to reading on his mate’s face. The knot in his stomach tightened.
His heart, instinct and mind were being ripped apart, each feeling at war inside him and it was exhausting. And Sherlock was doing nothing to help… John was just a side kick, doing nothing to help to find Sarah himself… He would have to trust Sherlock to be cleverer than this madman and to not let himself get too excited by this… game… Trust that the coldness was just temporary…
“As you can imagine, Mummy and Father aren't really pleased with your decision, neither is Janine. A scandal, if people find out what you did. They are constantly worried about their reputation.”
. John hadn’t known but Sherlock was completely fascinated by bees and he had quickly stolen Clara away to ask a ton of questions.
Sherlock’s litany was interrupted by John’s loud throaty laugh. He was happy. Gods, Sherlock was a brilliant, mad scientist and John wouldn’t change him for an empire! It was so Sherlockian this kind of answer and proclivities! They weren’t alphas doing unnatural things, they were two adults discovering their sexuality together as a couple in a very fun and orgasmic way! Forgetting his fears, John knew they would be okay. Whatever happened, they would always find a way to both be satisfied.
She wrapped her tiny arms around his neck and he rocked back and forth in an attempt to calm them both.
“So John, what can you tell us about your time in Afghanistan?” Roger was an emergency doctor, he had the post John wanted, in the heart of life or death situations. He was drunk; otherwise he wouldn’t dare to ask. John seems non-threatening at first but Roger was perceptive enough not to play with fire.
“You were held captive, you dislocated your shoulder to escape. Are you… Are you really here? I saw… I saw you…”
“Yes. Why?”
“You have been very courageous Leanna! Your mummy or other daddy will be very proud of you too”
“No, not yet. Mummy and Daddy are too busy to fight over a name just now.”
“DI Watson-Holmes. First ever omega DI.” Leanna agreed, now unable to hold the grin back. She hugged John and Sherlock could see tears in his husband’s eyes.
“Papa. Papa, look. It's Dori. That fish looks like Dori. It's a doctor fish.”
Sarah nodded, feeling the tears on her face as she trembled.
“No, that's not... I am sorry, John. That was childish. It's great, sex with you. And make up sex will be great after this stupid fight. Not right now. Right now I will go, because I am still an alpha and it's what I want to do. You will have to get used to the idea, because I am planning to spend my life with you. And I will be an Alpha the whole time. Nothing productive could come out of this conversation right now. We are too angry. I have some things to do. Barts.”
The man had blinked at him and then quickly rattled of all there was to know about strep from the bacteria, the symptoms, to the risks and advice. John had been impressed.
John was staring at the door, not responding to Ella, his therapist. How could he tell her he would have preferred to die than being maimed? That the idea his fall wasn’t even intended by the enemy, just a stroke of fate, just bad luck, made everything more difficult to accept. He failed! He abandoned his formidable squad which he protected, healed and lead to a fucking stray bullet! He should have been more careful that night, should not have gone alone. All those regrets, shame… How could he talk about it? He was a soldier, a surgeon, someone who inspired respect, sometimes fear…No, those feelings had to be contained, buried, or he would definitely drown.
John twisted and turned in his bed. He felt a wave of embarrassment thinking how eager he must have sounded when asking Sherlock to come with him. And he had winked at the man ! Fucking hell! Sherlock must think he was a bit of a flirt. Well, he had been in his army days but… not since he came back! And it’s not like he wanted to jump him…did he? Maybe he really should go out more!
But soon, excitement and the joyous spirit made her forget all her reservation.
Leanna had slept in their bed that night, refusing to let go of him and Sherlock had been happy to have her close. He had to decline John’s invitation to sleep at the hospital, didn’t want to wake his daughter again.
John took matters in his own hands. Literally. And pulled the tall man down to kiss him!
“You can’t do anything more right now. Your brain needs rest. And your heart needs to hear me, so we are going to sleep together. And I need you too. You’re right, it’s been too long since we really touched, I felt guilty to be close to you when Sarah was alone and scared. But we need each other. I need you and you need me. We can’t be out best without each other. I should have realised it sooner, we are a better team when we properly share, when we confide in each other.”
“Did something happen, Mycroft?” he asked, the only one with the ability to read the statesman as well as speak at the moment.
“That’s what Ms. Crowley said. I still think it’d be cool, though.” She stood and shoved her homework back into her school bag, readying herself for bed. A thought, more like a memory flashed into her mind. It was old, almost grainy - from when she was a young girl.
“He’s fine,” he replied with a tight-lipped smile. “A little nervous, but aren’t we all?”
“Mummy!” one of the twins (
“I don’t think
. Click.
“Sherlock.” The single word carried an immense amount of weight. It settled on the room like the blanket, except heavier, more commanding. Their eyes snapped to the only woman in the their midst. “You know that there isn’t anything that you can do about the case at the moment. There is nothing more to uncover - you just need time. Besides, why are you worrying needlessly about it? It’s one incident; it’s probably isolated. So, take a deep breath and try to enjoy tonight! After all, the little one could be here before next month and you’ll be stuck on proverbial nappy duty.” She beamed brightly, her husband’s lips twitching themselves into a smile of their own.
“Someone hasn’t been getting enough sleep,” his brother muttered. He released a growl, rumbling deep in his chest and tearing out through his vocal chords. He was tired and impatient and in no need for Sherlock’s deductive theatrics.
The woman smiled, giving him a shooing motion with one of her limp hands. “I know, Darling. Go! I’ll be here when you get back.”
“Right,” Sherrinford took over, “If Eddington wants to come that way tonight as well, he is more than welcome. Do you have an extra tracker for him, Mycroft?”
Once his brother was done with his transformation, he snaked in, latching onto the other wolf’s muzzle with a low growl. Sherrinford batted him away with a massive paw before he began to lick and lap at him, soothing his inner Alpha. He was in charge, or at least Sherrinford was allowing him to be, as the other man whined tenderly. With one last nuzzle, his brother headed for the stairs and bounded down. He followed, his tail waggling and waving like a helicopter blade.
“And it couldn’t come over the phone?” his elder brother asked, his frustration seeping into his voice.
The most handsome man in the world stood just outside her door, an amused grin on his face that quickly dissipated into a genuine smile. He was wearing a fitted navy suit with a crisp, white shirt and no tie. His hands grasped a bouquet of primroses and lilies, his long fingers tapping on the stems in a discordant rhythm. “Hello Imogen,” he said softly, his voice sending shivers down her spine. “You look stunning this evening.” He paused, his nostrils flaring slightly. “These are for you.” He offered her the flowers a bit sheepishly.
“So Lupus sapiens toxin is only produced when they have teeth that are strong enough to break skin.” He frowned in surprised. “Clever.” Turning to face Mycroft directly, he queried, “Then why do you need Sherrinford?”
He smiled up at her and his elder brother. “You don’t have to,” he grinned, “It’s enough to know that this little one will have a better childhood than I did.”
“Why not?” he said with a shrug, “They don’t need to know about Sherlock. I feel like he should tell the twins on his own time. It is his right, after all.”
“Why?” a boy seated behind her asked.
He crept through the grass, his shaggy belly fur catching on the strands, his nose following the trails of the small rodents deeper into the night. Though he had originally caught the scent hours ago, the rabbits were still out, tasting bits of his mother’s prized garden. Catching the old, weak one was easy and he only had to bowl over one petunia to do it.
“Careful!” he insisted, watching the young woman lift the pot of soup from the stove with a pair of too large oven mitts. She rolled her eyes at him and stuck out her tongue for good measure. He bit back a good-natured growl. It was becoming more difficult theses days to keep the Wolf from bleeding over into his human persona. He assumed that it was because he was getting older and even the slightest disagreement challenged his authority.
“I do,” the Wolf muttered, meeting Molly’s surprised expression. “And that’s why I’m here.” He bit his lower lip again before continuing. “I believe, Molly, that the reason it acts out at certain times is because it’s Shifting.”
The ex-army doctor shifted in his chair, leaning forward. “I’m fine, Sherlock.”
Pulling a hand away, he grabbed the wand and placed it over the moving portion of the woman’s stomach. The wand shook a bit in his hand as his nerves mounted. “It’s alright, Sherrinford,” the mortuary murmured, placing a hand over his and guiding it to her stomach. “Let’s meet your new nephew.”
“You are the worst kind of dog, do you know that, Holmes? You are a mangy mutt. A disgrace to society. A gutter rat that no one would want if they passed you on the street, starving and bloodied.” Her uncle’s eyes narrowed. “Do you know what I do when I see one of those mutts in the streets?”
Spinning on his heel, he opened the cooler, pulled a strip of steak out (his own mouth beginning to water at the delicious perfume), and made his way to the Wolf. When he was a couple of meters away, he tossed Eddington the steak, which the Turned Wolf snatched out of the air with ease. As the bleeding meat was consumed, the Expert gave him the good news, hand extended. The Wolf snuffled the hand, watching him with his very human eyes, and ducked his head, allowing his ears to be scratched. Eddington’s leg jiggled, tongue lolling out happily. “Excellent job, Eddington. You will be issued a K9 vest and a collar to be worn at crime scenes when necessary. Congratulations.”
She, in turn, had told him about her childhood which was as lonely as his. She was the younger child of two and her parents doted on her. She had always wanted to be with other children, as her older brother never let her tag along. It was probably why she became a teacher and it was why she wanted her own children someday. Sherrinford, the youngest of three, had grinned at that, saying that he was glad to have two brothers, even if the eldest could be an overbearing busybody and the middle child was, well...apparently there were no words to accurately describe Sherlock Holmes besides ‘giant git.’ Despite the fact that his two elder siblings were certainly not typical, the veterinarian said that he couldn’t imagine life without them now that he had returned home for good.
It had been designed especially for him. No other man entered it, and those that did took precautions. He had no chance of escape and no place to escape to. And yet, he felt strangled. Tags hung heavily about his neck, along with a thick leather collar. He raised a hand, uncut fingernails, cracked and broken, scraped across the raised skin on the back of his neck, jangling the tags, shifting the collar, and irritating the mechanical tracker that was placed there, under his skin, rubbing against his spinal column.
He watched the man go, already regretting his presence. He would not be allowed to speak. He could do nothing but watch as his Law was dissected and rebuilt, hopefully with more freedoms and fewer restrictions. Exhaling steadily, he made his way into the gallery of the chamber. He had to be his brothers’ eyes and ears and hope for the best.
He whined again, pulling his long, heavy body onto the bed, the mattress shifting beneath his considerable bulk.
. “I’ve been to the Yard and there are a few things that you should be made aware of. Firstly, nothing on the cigarette yet, but Lestrade is hopeful that the smoker will be in the database. Moving along: Eddington, Lestrade’s K13, is on to you, or at least is aware that your Wolf form is a Lupus Sapiens.”
. “One last thing.”
Eventually, catch came to an end, the balls obliterated by their strong jaws and sharp teeth. They had played outside the compound, just off the roadway. There was no traffic - there rarely was on a night like tonight - and the little Pack unit had ended up laying together on the moor, looking up at the stars.
The DI slowly, almost tenderly, pulled on the chain around the victim’s neck and released the tangle of tags.
have to do?”
He nodded, leaning back so his butt waggled back and forth in time with his tail. Sherrinford chuckled at his antics, scratching his ears. He nipped at the other man’s wrist playfully, nicking the skin. “I hope you were planning on company,” his younger sibling said, watching the silvery mucus ooze from the small puncture wound before pulling his shirt off. Reaching into his pocket, he placed his collar around his neck, and yanked his jeans off.
_ _ _ _ _
It was peaceful. The nocturnal sounds of the moor and the forest beyond tickled his ears, causing them to flick this way and that. Somewhere, in one of the many Pack enclosures, a lone Wolf took up his call. His Packmates joined him, the cacophony making beautiful music to the stars, blotting out the crickets.
“Was I, John?” he growled low in his throat, whipping his head around to face the shorter man. “Because last I checked, you wanted her sheltered from all of this.”
GIVE ME THIRTY.
The new twins were still sleeping, one in the arms of Evelyn and one in the arms of their father. With a small smile, he gave Mycroft a nod and headed to bed, beyond exhausted. “Let me know if you need anything,” he muttered before exiting the nursery and entering his own room where he promptly collapsed on his bed.
_ _ _ _ _
was all it read, but it made him smirk.
, he realized,
“Hello?” a sweet, soft voice answered his call, making him smile. His nerves instantly melted away.
“Thanks, Molly,” he mumbled around a mouthful of toast.
“You too, Imogen. It’s been absolutely amazing to be with you.”
He chuckled, wrapping an arm around Molly’s back and offering her his other hand, which she squeezed tenderly. Slowly, he helped her to her swollen feet before moving his hands to cradled her stomach. “Twins again, Mycroft Holmes,” she chided. “And at my age. How could you?” Her lips met his, showing him that all was forgiven.
“Evelyn. I appreciate your concern but it is unfounded. Everything will be fine. Nothing is going to change.”
“As fascinating as this is, Dr. Holmes,” the fat, old man was speaking again, looking a bit too smug for his liking, “What you’re doing currently is illegal. Addendum sixty-three from 2017 states: A Lupus sapiens is not permitted to Shift in public as the sight of it is grotesque and horrendous, something that I believe everyone here will second. I hate to put an end to your informative session, but…you’re under arrest.”
“What handsome fellows,” John murmured, tickling Benedict’s chubby cheek. “Congratulations, Mycroft.”
It was after that incident that he had taken Sherlock under his wing. He couldn’t help (as an unknowing child) but feel like if he had been a bit sooner, he could have saved the baby. He didn’t know why that notion had stuck with him - for years - but it had. It had developed his weakness, the sentiment that made him vulnerable and overprotective when it came to his siblings. And, now that Sherrinford was back, he was not going to let the man predecease him again. He couldn’t deal with the stress.
Third, Sherlock had been using double meanings a lot…
His knees where too weak to hold him up and Sherlock sank down to the floor, burying his John's shirt where it covered his belly. It had a hint of citron to it. The Alpha part in Sherlock wanted to drag John to the bedroom and cover the doctor's whole body with his own scent, erase every memory of the Omega. Still, in this moment, he just wanted to be held, protected, loved.
Sherlock lifted the poison to his lips. One last look at London and the people below.
A life given to save another, just as Sherlock had planned it, but the wrong life had been taken. Or not, as the rational part of his brain offered. Siger had already managed to raise his children, whereas Sherlock’s own child was only four, almost five years old.
There was a car, black with tinted windows. She was shoved into the back as her alleged patient sat down next to her. Then there was a cloth and a strange, chemical scent. She tried to breath, but the world faded to black.
“Hello.” Sherlock's own voice sounded dark in his own ears.
John looked at his phone, he needed to speak to someone about all that went through his head, and who better than his big sister?
The people he loved the most in the world, both in his bed, safe and sound.
John and Harry had met twice since their first meeting, a month ago, but Sherlock had refused to come each time. He was beginning to run out of arguments, and he needed Sherlock to come with him. It was a feeling he didn’t dare to think about too much for the moment.
Sherlock looked away,.
“Is Molly with her?”
Sherlock turned around to face her, not a sign of the loving omega she was supposed to be. He knew Leanna looked a lot like her, especially when she smiled, but he hadn't seen an honest smile from Janine in years.
“Sherlock!”
At last, he was nude as well, and…heaven, there couldn’t be any other world. He died and this was true heaven! Sherlock skin against his own, without anything to temper the feelings anymore… John took Sherlock in his strong arms and made him lie down under him. Sherlock under him, everywhere, bliss… John went back to kissing this glorious man, deeply , lovingly. Because if there were so much lust right now, love was there too, so much. Sherlock had to know. Always.
Pressing a kiss to his cheek, John forced a smile on his face. “I don't want to talk about it here. No, don't look at me like this, love. The babies are fine. Just, not here.”
Uncle Mycroft came for the dessert, a big cake Papa was secretly very proud of making. She had loved experimenting with the sugar and the decorations for the last weeks.
“This is my home now, yes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock?” John tried again, more quietly, wondering if maybe the man had been attacked. “Sherlock? Are you okay? It’s me, John, I am coming to you. Sherlock?”
“You are an angel, Mrs. Hudson.”
finally :P
“Karen, why are there no patients coming in my office?” the waiting room was full of people waiting for a medical consultation.
“I want to take you on a date tonight.” Sherlock explained very proudly.
Arielle was swimming around singing and pizza was being eaten. Sherlock left the two alone for a while to go to the loo. He sank to his knees.
“Yes. Yes. I know John, he hasn’t had time to really realise, but he will want to know this child. And I won’t go against that… I am a father too, I understand…And this child…will be part John…and you…I will love it! I would like to propose a joint custody… John?”
“I…yes! I…that, yes! I want to! I didn’t think you would want to…sleep with me. Just sleep. My parents keep different bedrooms… and they are an alpha and omega couple…So I didn’t think…”
Karen seemed to hesitate before finally starting again, “Are you finally going to marry Sarah?”
. A beautiful watch similar to the one his grandfather gave him and that he had lost in Afghanistan. At the back there was engraved, Always With You.
Intertwining the fingers of both of their hands above John's head, Sherlock pressed kisses on the doctor's forehead and nose. “We have been a couple for a little over a month and this is the first time we can just be together, the two of us. I love Leanna more than anything, but I want to be in bed with you for a day, get to know all of you. Your body.” To emphasize, Sherlock pressed his lips to John's neck, wandering deeper to his collarbone and chest.
“Hi, you are so pretty in your dress! You know your daddy talks about you all the time at work! He told me you are already a very good doctor in training.” Sarah cooed.
He had asked Sherlock to come with him, nearly begged really… He needed to know Sherlock was not far… But the git had said no. He had some important experiment to do and didn’t think it was a good idea to come to the echo with them anyway.
Jim liked playing games, but he didn't like losing. This time, he had. That didn't mean he would lose the war in the end though. And if he was honest, finally playing against someone equal was fun. Had been fun until after his brilliant little article, the elite and several organisations fighting for equality had suddenly joined forces to fight for more acceptance instead of tearing Sherlock Holmes and John Watson to pieces.
A few breaths later he had fallen asleep.
“You always think about your own pleasure last.” Out of John's sight, Sherlock had started preparing himself, pressing finger after finger inside. He needed John.
They were finally home an hour later. John put the kettle on.
Sherlock took a deep breath. He wouldn't lie to his daughter, but finding the appropriate words would be hard.
Finally, he saw her with a woman in front of candy stick, “Leanna! Here you are! I told you to stay beside me!” John was so relieved he couldn’t muster the energy to be angry. She was here, she was safe, that’s all that mattered!
“Yes.”
“Does she have a name?”
He didn’t really sleep. He lay awake, thinking about his father and Sarah, the babies. He had been looking forward to their birth, had grown to like the thought of two more children in the house, John’s children. Now, they could possibly die and it was all Moriarty’s fault. Sherlock hated him with a passion and wished he could have been the one to kill him, slowly and painfully.
Sherlock looked at Janine as she was lead out of the courtroom by two officers. Fifteen years for her part in Sarah’s rape. Both John and he had to give their statements, as had Sarah and now Janine had been convicted for her crime.
“You look jealous. Why don’t you ask him to dance? He will say yes.”
John closed his eyes to try and stop the flow of anguish the mere idea of Sherlock being in danger had provoked. It was his job to make sure the detective stayed safe.
They came to stand facing each other and Jim extended his hand.
“You too little brother. I am happy to see you again.”
Now he wasn’t so sure…
“Dr Sawyer,” he said, keeping himself from growling at her, telling her to keep away from John. She was the victim, she had been forced into heat, which was considered rape.
“John, you let me reorganised your whole bedroom…” Sherlock said suddenly.
John was drinking a coffee on the terrace of a little café. He and Harry had agreed to meet there, but she was 10 minutes late. It wasn’t a good sign… He had contacted Harry soon after his encounter with Sherlock and they had agreed to coffee today. John was beginning to worry; he hoped nothing bad had happened when she was abroad. His thoughts came back to Sherlock. He and Leanna had lived with him for a month and it had been a very entertaining month indeed.
“You’re sure? I called a cab, we can share.” Sarah had so much understanding in her eyes, maybe a little hope… John just couldn’t deal with it right now, he didn’t want her pity! And he was still feeling the adrenaline in his body, he couldn’t stay put one more minute, to walk it is.
He shouldn’t have said that, Matilda was extremely protective of her parents too and with a growl she ran to push the older boy to the ground.
“This is your heart, love. I'm in your heart.” John took a step to stand beside him, to watch over the city as Sherlock did. “We met somewhere down there, you and I. All because Leanna had a fever and you were so worried about her. Your braveness to leave your wife was the best thing that could have happened to us.”
“Love you, Papa.” With that, she went to play with her pirate dolls and Sherlock ran down the stairs, where he found a crying Molly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hmm.”
“Thank you John, but I prefer to wait, watching you was enough for the moment. And I can control my transport!”
“Coming John, coming indeed” and Sherlock was laughing harder.
“I am happy for you Harry. It’s good, you deserve it.”
“More serious? We haven’t really spoken to each other for a week! How much more serious do you want it to be!”
“Yes John, they are.” Seeing the big smile on Sherlock’s face, John finally caught up.
“You are amazing, Sherlock. And I know this is chaos right now. I know you worry about Moriarty and your wife and Leanna and the baby all at the same time. We will get through this, you know that, right?”
“Frozen?” both John and Lestrade said in unison.
But John still thought it was all an act, Sherlock wasn’t going to poison himself! There must be some clever plan...
Just to inform you  that three make a heart is now edited from chapter 1 to 11, the last 4 chapters will be edited later when our beta reader (thank you so much Justbecause!) will have the time!
“Oh, my dear husband hasn’t completely eradicated my presence if you know who I am! Should I feel flattered?” she sneered.
“Sarah, please.” the doctor smiled at him, but he could see the hurt in her eyes.
“It's brilliant. Would you...”
“Oh, come on, Sherlock. We still have ice cream.”
“You posh git! And you nearly burning the kitchen when you moved in, what was that?” John laughed.
God, if this was inexperienced Sherlock, he would kill him before the end of the new year!
Twenty minutes later, they were resting exhausted in the bed, damp with perspiration. Sherlock nestled against John’s neck was otherwise nearly half covering him, doing a nice personification of an octopus. And John loved it.
“James. I'm a grown man, an Alpha. You're not my grandmother, so don't call me that.”
“I am sorry, John. I thought you should know.” Sherlock's hand started moving again, he felt his orgasm close.
Jim chuckled. “Oh I will get my drama. John, your daughter, they will suffer so much and I will be watching. Better than any show on tv. I left him a present, you know. In the flat. He will know who it’s from, but it will be too late.”
He woke his daughter up petting her hair and she smiled at him as soon as he opened her eyes.
John was sleeping in his room. Well, he was trying to sleep. How such an ordinary and slightly dull work day had ended with something quite extraordinary… He had two guests tonight sleeping upstairs. He, John Watson had invited a perfect stranger into his home. Perfect… a very good choice to describe Sherlock indeed. Tall lean body, beautiful eyes, a thoughtful father and what a brain, he… Nope, stop Watson don’t go there! You don’t know him for fuck sake and he is JUST above you. John growled and thought about those few hours ago when he felt, everything had changed.
“I admit it’s not my sole idea. I wanted to give you a perfect day, I know you used to not celebrate the day, but I wanted it to be… very special… So I tried to ask Lestrade, what he thoughts would be a good birthday date. He said that with a child, an amusement park could be a good idea and an adrenaline addict like you would like the… thrill… But I admit I wasn’t very enthusiastic about it… So I asked Harry, she told me you used to love looking at the stars when you were a child…
Lestrade met up with them in the lab of St. Barts where Sherlock just had had a look at the blood report.
Sherlock burned his notes in the fireplace. Experiment finished. John had just fled the flat and that was proof enough for Sherlock. John didn't find him attractive, he had been confused, irritated by Sherlock's partial nakedness. Chapter closed then. They would be two alphas friends raising a child, not more. But it didn’t make his problem disappears; Sherlock was still so very in love with John. And that, if John had been the one to experiment on him, the detective would have just dragged him to the bedroom immediately.
“We've hired a babysitter, you parents will be able to enjoy the afternoon without worrying!” Harry explained, “The buffet is over there, you can go and pick what you want. I'm coming back with Clara, I want you to meet her!”
we're almost there :O
Still in his thoughts, John almost jumped when he heard a deep voice, “John”
“John, … please don’t stop…oh…don’t stop!” As to make himself clearer, his strong arms encircled John in an unbreakable embrace.
“Think, John! You care about Leanna, you take care of her, protect her. If you want to be a father, you’ll be a good one, obviously!”
John had walked back to Sherlock and Leanna with a photo of the ultrasound where two foetus were clearly visible. He couldn’t wait to show them…
Hope you have fun with this one :D
“Obviously, John. She was quite excited about Santa, but exhaustion finally won”
Violet looked at her son’s dramatic exit, shocked. How could he do this to her! To their family names! She could already see the future front page on the news “Sherlock Holmes, alpha and heir of the illustrious Holmes name, has a scandalous secret relationship with another alpha. Rebellious choice or a defect in the old line?”
“I will win this game. As much fun as it was, it has to end.”
“We can’t know that. Maybe, but it may had happened either way.”
It took awhile for the five of them to step out of the car and greet each other.
“He did that.” John felt a new surge of fondness for Sherlock. He could be such a compassionate and attentive person when he wasn’t an asshole… “And what did Molly tell you about Sherlock exactly?”
“What? What is wrong.”
Sherlock radiated nervousness. John was happy to notice there weren’t any alcoholic drinks and tricked Sherlock into eating something. There was a band playing and some people were already dancing.
God, he was beautiful and so adorable. John would not tell Sherlock that yet. But he wanted to defiled him, take him fully, let his baser instinct run free and make Sherlock irrevocably his, know everything about his body and soul.
Janine had to admit, his plan was very twisted, but it would work, no chance to fail. Moriarty had studied John’s entourage and find the perfect scapegoat, an omega who was his friends and his boss! He would never ignore her. So, he had broken into Sarah's and replaced her heat suppressants with placebo. The omega would have a heat two weeks later; he just needed to make sure John Watson would be here when it would happen. John wouldn’t be able to resist. No alpha could. If one could, I would have been Sherlock. He was so obviously not attracted by a woman's body! But he had been there in their coupling when she had been in heat.
. No matter how many legs we happen to have at the time.”
“That’s it then?” he asked feeling dismissed and fearful. The seed that Sherlock had planted took a firm root in his mind.
After making his room a bit more homey, he Shifted back and reentered the world of the humans. He had yet to see his niece and nephew, much less his poor (hugely pregnant) sister-in-law, and he really needed to say hello to them. The vastness of the house settled on him as he closed the door behind him, noting that the dog door was not visible on the outside. He smiled, glad that his brother had been considerate of his privacy.
“Shit,” he murmured, running a hand through his hair as the other grasped the tags. “
, Greg. I
“Fine,” he replied, his nostrils flaring and collecting all the scents of the various nooks and crannies of the old house. His mother, it seemed, had sequestered herself into the library, brushing through various books.
“We’re studying wolves, like the wild ones in Siberia, and the teacher is reading faery tales with wolves and all they do is eat children! I’m just afraid that they’ll come eat me and then eat Lucy because all she wants to do is pet them. And then Vincent said that the wolves in faery tales are real. That he saw one on the news. That he was a man then he turned into a wolf and
Sherlock smirked, eyes shining brightly like a child on Christmas morning. “He’s found something.” The man bent and ruffled the younger man’s ears and ruff. “You’ve found something! Ah, it’s Christmas!”
The teen looked at the pair of them with a completely unsurprised look on her face. Her lips quirked into a dry smirk that nearly match his own at times. A rush of pride went through him at the sight.
He would be lying to himself if he wasn’t nervous about the potential Hunter on the loose and that he might or might not be targeted. He also understood, however, that he was not on the publicly accessible Registry and that he was not alone. He had a Pack behind him consisting of the his brothers - two of the most powerful men in England, Greg Lestrade with his pull at the Yard, and Molly and John, both brilliant in their own ways.
He brushed the thought away, knowing that she was too short to be the killer.
“That would be great,” she said, turning her keys in the lock and opening her flat door. “I will be looking forward to it.”
“It’s time,” Mycroft murmured as his eyes flashed up from the final file to the crowd assembled behind his back. He inhaled slowly, held his breath for a few seconds, and exhaled.
, he thought). “I care for your daughter, John. Evy is smart and kind and I love her. But not as anything more than my niece. She is the pup of my brother, the heir to his Pack. It is my duty to protect her and care for her, John. Just as it is my duty to protect and care for you. Do you understand that?”
of our agreement.”
Mr. Baker was delighted by the substitute. It was a fat, fresh goose, a fine looking candidate for any dining table. Silently, I wondered how Miss Holmes had managed to afford it.
“It was more a conversation about whether or not it’s advisable to use green wallpaper in nurseries.”
who was the slogging ruffian. Holmes emerged bloodied, bruised and in such a foul temper Watson was nearly forced to wallop him again, just to get him into a hansom.
From the time he was a schoolboy, I knew where was something about Sherlock, which he did not divulge and which I could not divine. I shall not pretend at false modesty, I am an expert in uncovering secrets; yet, no matter how I pried, there remained some part of him shut off from me, unaccessible. I shall never forget the feeling of epiphany I had when I first heard him speak of Dr. Watson, the moment of clarity when ignorance was lifted from my eyes and I saw my brother, completely.
Watson shook himself free enough to draw the wallet from his waistcoat pocket. Two five pound notes appeared and disappeared in a flash as the bookie snatched them from Watson’s fingers with practiced ease.
“Now, now, Bess. It
,” said I, “I believe I’ve honored the
We set to work again. A tallboy was unearthed, its drawers pulled open, its contents sorted. A pair of rugby boots—to the jumble. An ornate bone topper, which had once been attached to a walking stick, I kept on the remote chance its stick might be found or another might be crafted for it. Three pair of bracers, a seemingly-functional hot water bottle, and an odd assortment of buttons would require further inspection.
“Both, either. And there’s this ceramic wash set from the Hotel d’Indy.”
suggested: Holmes/Watson, secrets.
“Oh, it would make a lovely ring,” someone suggested.
At the mention of the name, the man paled. His eyes grew wide.
, which was everything her family had wanted and more. Despite being the last to realize Lupus sapiens existed, the UK had the best and most forward-thinking laws regarding the species. And she knew that her family would continue to make it so.
” He turned towards Eddington and ordered, “Get me the Holmes Brothers. I need Sherlock on scene immediately and Sherrinford needs to be informed that one of his Pack is gone.”
“Yes. That should be fine,” he replied, through gritted teeth. He was a Wolf, after all, and he was beginning to feel very trapped. Trapped animals were the most dangerous.
was Brother Dearest,” he grumbled before refocusing. “There’s a Hunter out there who has killed two Lupus sapiens without retribution and, no doubt, just tried to kill my younger brother in his moment of stupidity-”
Sherrinford smiled reassuringly. “Well.” He gave Evelyn a tender squeeze. “Children are typically very open and curious. It is their parents and teachers that breed prejudice. We, obviously, have no issues with Mycroft and Molly.”
Slowly, she reached a hand out and pulled on the chain of small, metal beads that was currently poking out of his collar. A pair of worn, chipped and dented dog tags flopped out onto his shirt front. “We’ve started to study the Werewolf Rights movement and all werewolves have to wear tags. At least all the registered ones do. The ones that are following Uncle Mycroft’s law.”
His fears were quickly realized when a ghostly howl (
He nodded, showing his understanding, and gave her neck a small nuzzle. Inhaling deeply, he stretched, his back popping lusciously, and jumped lightly off the bed, making Mycroft snort in his unshakeable slumber. Shaking his coat out, he padded across the wooden floor and, rising on his hind legs, he opened the door, slipped out, and shut it behind him again. He had a full day ahead of him and not enough sleep to run on. Once the older twins were up and off to school, a nap was most certainly in order.
“Their still part animal.”
. He waited, wanting there to be more but knowing that there wasn’t.
. Click.
“That may not be the best idea,” he intoned, causing his younger sibling to growl at him pointedly. “I like children - for the most part,” he replied with a shrug, “It’s just that no one trusts me with them, being a high-functioning sociopath and all.” His lips twitched as he padded into the kitchen to begin making breakfast. Sherrinford appeared to have eaten everything that had been cooked already.“Does Mycroft have any more on the Stevenson murder?” he queried, cracking an egg into the pan. “We need to find and stop him. Before more innocents are harmed.” He took another mouthful of coffee. “I was thinking about revisiting the idea of a hinderance or a cure. Something to protect those that don’t want their status to become known.”
“Are you asking me to marry you?” she breathed, images rushing through her mind. S
While his instincts demanded that he court the teacher constantly (Making his trousers uncomfortably tight), his logic was telling him that that would be a rather poor idea. Instead, with the Full Moon three nights away, he had decided to speak with his eldest brother and his wife about their potential Pup problem. It had not been difficult to find his brother’s residence on Downing Street, and, by assuming his four-legged form, it was easy to sneak past the Prime Minister’s abode, with it’s vigilant security, to find Mycroft’s swanky city home.
“Yes.” He knew that the girl was wondering if the detective had reverted back to his human form, but Mates stayed together, it was a natural instinct. And so, Sherlock was responding naturally, consoling his human Mate in his rather more agreeable and comforting (and dangerous) form. “How was school today?”
she thought, her mouth twisting a bit. Her father continued, “I saw Thomas Shift today. Apparently, he’s been doing it constantly since Sherrinford was injured.” The man chuckled. “He’s the cutest Pup I’ve ever seen.”
Sliding shoe covers over his feet, he moved closer to the body and squatted down. Grimly, he slid on a pair of gloves and began to search the corpse for any distinguishing features. “Do we have an ID on our vic?” he asked, as the pockets turned up with nothing.
Most of his patients were generally glad of his help, though none (
Beside him, Mycroft rolled over, his mouth falling open and a snore erupting from it. The sound startled the newborns, who began to cry, despite his comforting rumbles and gentle nudges. “Wah!” Molly exclaimed, startled awake by the mewling of her new children. Focusing again after the crying registered in her sleep addled brain, she murmured, “Oh, no! I’m so sorry darlings. Daddy’s a loud snorer, isn’t he?” She gently pulled both small, swaddled bundles into her arms. “I’m so sorry, Sherrinford. I never meant to sleep this long!” she smiled. “We’ll be alright here. Go! Eat, shower and please make sure that Nathaniel and Lucy are ready for school. The car will be here for them at 7:30. Tell them about their brothers but don’t let them in. Okay?” The woman yawned as she diverted her attention back to her children, shh-ing them gently.
The twins nodded, each taking one of his hands, and they headed down the hallway. The Wolf, large and chocolate brown, had exited the nursery. He was visibly waiting, head up, ears pricked, just outside the door. Sherlock’s tail gave a small wag, John appearing behind him with a small, uncertain smile on his face. “Hello Lucy! Hello Nate!” he said, his smile broadening as the children approached.
His smile faltered a bit, because, in all honesty, he had been thinking about her but probably not in the way she thought. And with the coming baby, a wolf-muderer on the loose, and his patients, she had not been a top priority.
Sherlock looked a bit taken aback, his eyes and nostrils widening before he allowed himself to wrap his arms around the slim girls body with a small smile. “Hello Evelyn,” he murmured, pressing his nose into the girls wavy hair and inhaling. “Thank you for cooking dinner. It is much appreciated.”
Ms Crowley had stopped her after class, noting her distracted, daydreamy expression, and told her that she was there if she needed anything. It was nice to know that Ms. Crowley was willing to talk to her, but, in all honesty, she couldn’t tell the woman what she really needed to talk about. She was dating her uncle, kind of, but that did not make her an expert. She knew so much more than anyone else in her class thanks to living with a Wolf for her entire life, even if she hadn’t know it at the time. Ms. Crowley didn’t even know about her own boyfriend.
Molly’s slightly pink face appeared above him “Oh!” she breathed as her visage disappeared from the glass. “Kids,” he heard her slightly muffled voice through the door, “Run along and play. I’ll take care of our visitor.”
“Nothing you can do anything about,” the other man said, his voice surprisingly lacking any aggression even as he continued to sit ramrod straight.
The mother reached forward, her hand shaking. “May I…?”
As if sensing that she was thinking about him, a soft whine followed by a couple of faint scratches came from the doors. Mycroft sighed, rolling his eyes. “Let him in,” she murmured. “You know that Sherlock will do the same when he arrives.”
He cocked his head, slightly confused as to why his niece would want him to be present at a debate that greatly effected him personally. He nodded anyway, his eyebrow muscle still cocked. “Great!” the teen responded, beaming broadly, “I’ll ask my professor.”
When morning dawned, bright and crisp, he was glad that he hadn’t found another case the previous day. Before eight in the morning, nearly before his first cup of coffee (Black, two sugars), the police car arrived. When Lestrade’s footsteps had reached the landing, he was already out his door. Barely stopping on the stairs, he asked, “Where?”
“Of course, Dr. Holmes,” she replied cheerfully, “Which files?”
“Right,” Sherrinford replied, still staring at nothing.
, he mused, eyes narrowing slightly at the thought.
The thought hit him like a ton of bricks, making him freeze.
“Give me a minute, John,” he whispered, understanding that the other man wanted the Wolf at the moment, not the verbose detective.
“That sounds wonderful!” he replied. “Are your uncles home?” He could almost feel his ears straining for other sounds with no success. He bit back a disappointed sigh at the thought that Sherlock wasn’t home.
He watched the pair finish up, each shaking their coats out before jogging to them and licking Evelyn’s cheeks and fingers as she tried to pet them, giggling. She had really warmed up to Sherrinford, who was dancing around her like an overgrown puppy. His giant head pushed itself between her legs, pushing her onto his broad back. She squealed, grabbing his thick ruff fur to stabilize herself. Sherlock, ever the ‘human,’ rolled his eyes and nipped at his younger sibling’s nose, reprimanding him. The younger wolf snapped back before trotting off down the hallway, his daughter riding on his back, her head thrown back in mirth.
An elegant eyebrow raised. “I think they never left.”
The pair fell silent, though their lips were still pulled back revealing their savage-looking teeth, their ears pinned against their wedge-shaped heads. The alpha broke free first, pulling John from the room hastily. Sherrinford, whom Mycroft referred to as Jack (John apparently being his ‘real’ first name), followed, his nose pressed to the ground.
“Yes, it certainly is. It’s been in my late-husband’s family for generations, dating back to the mid-sixteenth century when a single hovel dwelt on this very spot.”
Quickly he moved to the woman’s other side and sniffed at that part of her stomach, ignoring the sounds of happiness that floated around him and focusing on the one task at hand. The scent was less and, placing his nose on the rounding of Molly’s abdomen, this child lay still, only twitching every now and again. As if sensing his question, the mortuary answered, “The other one’s more active. Usually at night.”
