“Last time I remember,” Dean says, awake now, properly, “we were in Laramie on a salt and burn.
Dean gasps, tries to nod. It’s like a ruby, a flame inside him, all sharp edges and pulsing burn. It pulses light to dark, swiftly, and Dean blinks against the ache. He blinks.
He’s not sure what Dean’s motivation for that would be: assuaging his own guilt, maybe, at not letting Castiel stay at the bunker. Or maybe he’d do it to try and buoy Castiel’s spirits, as the bags under his eyes don’t exactly fill anyone with confidence that he’s happy and well-adjusted. Or maybe he’d say it just to be polite, or because he’s proud that Castiel has come this far alone and hadn’t just immediately ended up dead in a ditch like they’d all feared he would.
“Get the comfy couch,” Charlie hisses. Dean knows that she’s referring to the floral loveseat at the back of the café that has a busted spring, so the seats sink in towards the middle and when two people are sitting on it, they end up inevitably squished together. Dean kicks her swiftly on the ankle. She glares at him.
Cas pushes him back onto the bed, divesting Dean of his jeans with remarkable speed. Dean watches as Cas undoes his own button fly and shoves his pants to pool on the ground by his feet, stepping artfully out of his socks somehow on the way. Dean feels like a bit of an idiot lying sprawled on the sheets with one sock hanging off his toes, and it’s not helped by the way Cas is almost swaggering, slowly, towards the bed. Those powerful thighs that Dean’s been coveting are flexed and perfect, like a marble statue, strong muscle leading up to Cas’s hard sex, pressing obscenely against the front of his white boxer briefs. Dean swallows.
Dean blanches. He really, really doesn’t want to be trapped here with Cas. Stuck in a single room with nowhere to go, nothing to do but stoically ignore certain
After breakfast, Cas declares that he wants to go swimming at Alexandria Beach.
“Come on,” he says. “There might be dolphins up ahead.”
, he wonders. He’s not soothed, not restful, not at peace. If anything he is becalmed, stranded, a ship at sea without a single breeze to push it in any direction.
“Cas,” he says.
“Nah,” says Dean.
Sitting up, his head swims slightly. He digs the heels of his hands into his eyes, rubbing until grey-green spots start to swell and burst behind his eyelids. He hauls himself to his feet and out the door, pulling it open with a creak, heading down towards the library, calling for his brother.
Dean definitely doesn’t go home and jerk off in the shower thinking about Cas’s well-defined back, or strong arms, or thick thighs. Dean’s sure that Cas is almost definitely straight, and cruising at the gym has always seemed a bit tawdry. So he’s going to content himself with casual acquaintance and fucking
Cas just smiles, places his hand on Dean’s shoulder again--this time it’s possibly to stop him from falling over the cliff edge in his excitement as a pod of dolphins dart out of the water below.
He raises a hand to his chest, presses. It feels okay. It feels normal. He must have blacked out, that spell must have knocked him unconscious, and Sam had to drag his tragic, snoring ass back to the bunker.
Dean pulls in to the parking lot of a small strip mall near the centre of town, and heads into the inexplicably named Frisky Goat Café. Cas is already there, looking effortless and amazing in a blue chambray button-down and, wow, he’s also looking surprisingly shifty. But he smiles when he sees Dean, and he stands up and pulls out a chair for him before sitting down again.
for one moment and
. And now, when it’s here, when Cas is here, warm and solid and real, with hands that have gripped and held, he still doesn’t have it. Now that Dean knows what Cas’s mouth tastes like, knows how the rush of air from Cas’s sighs feel against his skin…and he
It’s amazing.
Cas breaks away. “But what it took from you—”
Dean tries a winning smile, thanking whatever higher powers that it was too early in the morning for Charlie to be in and embarrass him.
“It’s quite a view, isn’t it?” Cas asks, stopping next to Dean. Dean thinks he sees Cas’s eyes linger on his face for a long second before turning back out to the horizon, but he can’t be sure.
He quits out of the app. When he opens it again after work, Dean is nowhere to be seen.
“So what’s the plan today?” he asks, whisking eggs in a bowl. The place had come stocked with a few basics, but they were going to have to brave the grocery store before too long.
“Thank you for this, Dean,” says Cas.
Cas grins and leans up and kisses Dean, fucking his tongue into his mouth in slow, lazy thrusts. It’s graceless and dirty, but he can feel heat start to pool low in his belly again as Dean moans into his mouth.
Dean hasn’t been this nervous about a date in for-fucking-ever. He’s changed his shirt at least three times, finally settling on a grey Henley that he instantly regrets the second he leaves the house, because he knows that any nervous pit-stains are gonna show right up.
A handful of days later, Castiel finds himself sitting in the half-dark in his apartment, his spine  resting against the unforgiving metal back of his kitchen chair. His hands itch. He’s come to realise that two of the worst human emotions — worse than pain and betrayal — is boredom and loneliness. The only person he talks to in town in Nora. If it weren’t for her, sometimes he thinks he may as well be a ghost.
“Okay,” he says, grabbing two plates from the cupboard under the bench. “We’ll go.”
“Well, it’s not like we’ve got options. The roads are gonna be blocked for days, and even if they weren’t, there’s no way Baby is equipped to deal with this sort of weather.”
The weather shifts from the sharp summer sun to a muted warmth as the seasons tick over into fall.
“Not really,” Castiel says candidly.
“Hell’s Gates,” Cas says.
“Hold the door, boss!” Charlie grins at him from beneath her mass of red hair.
The house is small but bright, with wide windows and light timber floors. Ceiling fans spin lazily in the lounge room and kitchen, and Dean notes with enthusiasm the large gas-burner stove. He drops his bag next to the tan sofa in the lounge room and shrugs off his jacket and his overshirt.
with Cas since forever, has felt the pull of him like a tide. He wants, he’s
They kiss for some time, there in the kitchen of the home that Dean built, the home Cas didn’t think he’d come back to. They’re not frantic, not hurried, but something lush and deep, something they’ve been waiting for. Dean’s mouth is warm and wet, and the slide of Dean’s tongue is making heat pool low in Cas’s groin.
Dean looks down, eyelashes fluttering over reddening cheeks. “A couple times,” he says.
Cas feels lightheaded from the sounds Dean’s making, feels his own cock twitch with want. Dean’s fingers thread into his hair, tugging. He draws his mouth away, and his chin feels wet.
“Charlie, I can’t. What am I gonna say?”
“I need you,” Dean moans. “Come on, I need you in me.”
“What would you say,” he starts, trailing his lips over Dean’s clavicle where the neck of his t-shirt sags away, the fabric stretched with age, “if I suggested that tonight, I...” he kisses his way up the column of Dean’s throat, feeling Dean’s breath hitch.
“Don’t we need those guys? The life guards?”
Castiel frowns. “I don’t like the idea of you hunting alone,” he says.
Dean taps his fingers on the tabletop.
“You know,” Cas says, “we still have the cottage for another week.”
“Yeah, yeah, keep going.”
“Okay,” he says, simply. There’s something in the air here already, something warm and sleepy and
The green dot flashes again, boldly tempting.
Afterwards, when they’re lying beneath the sheets together, ankles tangled and Dean’s head pillowed on Cas’s chest, Dean asks: “Did you mean what you said?”
Cas outright laughs. “I’m a priest, Dean, not a monk. The church has changed. Well, some parts of it. We are as God made us. Although, points to you for the Bible reference.”
Cas considers it, rolls the challenge of it around in his head. “But you’d let me try?”
Can grins wickedly, climbing over Dean’s waist to settle between his thighs. He parts Dean’s knees with sure hands, pushing them up to his chest, exposing Dean to his gaze. Dean’s hole is puffy and red, a steady trickle of Cas’s come leaking out to run between his cheeks. Without hesitating, Cas leans down and licks it up, his tongue sliding over Dean’s hole in a broad, flat stripe. Dean shouts.
“Cas,” he moans, and Cas feels his own cock grow insistently harder at the sound. “Cas,
“Oh.” Dean feels ignorant, suddenly, and kind of ashamed that he’s forty fucking years old and has never spent a day at the beach, so he doesn’t know what life guards do outside of Baywatch, which he knows better than to confuse with reality. What the fuck has his life even been?
Dean clears his throat, shifting awkwardly backwards until the bench hits the back of his knees and he falls, trying to casually make it look like he’s intentionally sitting down, probably failing.
“And when you come for me,” Cas continues softly into Dean’s ear, hips still thrusting into Dean, feeling the warm clench of him surround him, “when you come for me it’s like watching the earth be born. A miraculous moment of creation, a blessing, that purity of light and being that you so willingly share with me.”
Dean doesn’t wait. He doesn’t even stop to be a bit surprised that Cas knows his name. He pushes the door open with his shoulder and barges past Charlie, her face a mixture of awe and horror and something that he thinks is her trying very hard not to laugh. He heads back into the bathroom and runs the taps. It’s gonna sting, but it can’t be much worse than the crippling pain of complete humiliation he just faced.
From there, it doesn’t take long for Dean to acknowledge feelings he’s left unspoken for far too long, to say it out loud for the first time. Cas is cautious at first, aware of the hole he’d blown in his cool façade when he’d been taken by the Empty in the first place. Confessions like that don’t come easily, not for the Winchesters, and not for Cas either, who’d learned a particular type of reticence from Dean, a need to hold back what he’d wanted to say.
“Yeah? You can borrow whatever you want.”
“Dean,” he starts, his throat dry. “Dean, what are you saying?”
The rest of their day passes somewhat predictably, given their late start and Dean’s sore legs after the hike yesterday. They head down to the beach, spreading a picnic blanket Cas found in the cottage’s linen cupboard onto the sand in the shade. They spend long hours lounging there, Dean reading a Stephen King novel he’d plucked from the cottage’s bookshelves, Cas apparently deep in thought. Dean shuffles around trying to get comfortable, until he gives up and pillows his head on one of Cas’s muscular thighs. The rhythmic rush of the surf and the warmth of the air conspire to lull him into a soft sleep.
“Cas,” he asks. “I’m not gonna…go to hell for this, am I?”
Dean looks broken. His eyes are green, so green, and they’re pleading with Castiel. He’s standing so close, Castiel could reach out, not even that far, and press his hand against Dean’s cheek.
In the couple of seconds Dean has between raising his gun, seeing the anger twist the witch’s mouth, and the searing burn of a spell right to the chest, he thought that perhaps it might have been wiser to wait and regroup.
“Dean-o!” calls Manny, giving him a casual two-fingered wave. Dean grins, handing over the bags of food.
“Dark hair, slept here maybe…Tuesday?”
Dean clears his throat. “So,” he starts, his tone neutral. “Tell me more about Nora.”
Dean looks out at the water, the depth of it, the impossible infinity of it as it stretches out towards the horizon. He imagines the waves dragging him in, and runs his fingers through the sand next to him, letting the soft grains spill between his fingers, smooth as silk.
“Who the fuck taught you about AirBNB?” Dean mutters as he steps into the cottage.
“Why is this a difficult concept for you?”
It’s not that he’s mad at Charlie, he’s just really tired of talking about his love-life. And maybe he is ready to fall in love, and that’s a bit embarrassing. It’s just that his last boyfriend, Benny, really broke his heart, and he doesn’t feel like casual hook-ups are the right thing. Anymore. You know, after the first month or so of relentless, pounding rebound sex.
He hears the shower shut off, the sounds of someone shuffling around in the bathroom. The yellow light spills into the room proper and across the twin beds as the door opens, and Sam steps out in an accompanying cloud of steam.
“Just go and talk to him,” she says.
“There was a spell. Crowley helped me find it, of all people.” Dean grins with an angry twist of his mouth. Castiel feels a little sick.
“We’ll figure this out,” he says. His thumb rubs small circles against the back of Dean’s neck. “You’re going to be okay.”
Cas raises an eyebrow.
“Tell me what?” Cas asks.
He flips the book open, a thin film of dust clouding up from between the pages. He blinks to shield his eyes. He blinks.
They stay up late into the night, squashed together on Castiel’s air mattress, blissfully, finally naked. Castiel can’t stop running his hands over Dean’s perfect skin, tracing freckles with his fingertips, running his thumbs over the softness of Dean’s stomach and the firm curve of his buttocks. Dean rests his head on Castiel’s chest, one arm slung low around Castiel’s waist.
Dean smiles. This he can talk about, easy. “That’s Sammy, my giant baby bro. First customer we ever served here, so there’s the photo commemorating it.”
Dean feels like he’s dying again. He doesn’t want to die. The road is twisting, but he’s not sure if it’s the turn of the terrain or vertigo. His panic rises as the burn gets brighter, hotter, threatening to burst itself out of his chest. The road turns sharply, and Dean pulls the wheel to the right, hard. He blinks against the impact. He blinks.
He lets out a mangled, shaky moan as Cas starts to eat him out, sloppy and furious. His tongue is
The loneliness he’s been feeling has become like a warm bath. It’s comforting, it’s contained, it’s familiar. He knows where its edges lie. He can sink down into it and just be there, steeped in it, safe within it.
“You’ll stop, right?” Dean asks, biting at his lower lip. “If I need you to. If I can’t…”
“Oh,” says Cas.
He breathes in, sets his shoulders, and begins. Cas is there, guiding the bar with the lightest of touches, really just fingertips, but ready if Dean needs him. Dean focuses on the lifts and tries really hard not to look up the leg of Cas’s shorts while he’s standing right behind Dean’s head. Dean focuses on the gym’s ceiling, because it’s really not fair to have a hot dude’s junk hovering over your face while you’re not in any sort of condition to receive it.
--flash in the front of his mind. He pushes them down.
“Oh,” says Cas. Dean turns to look at him. Cas’s eyes are dark, inscrutable. “What exactly do you remember, Dean?”
: : : : :
“I know,” says Castiel. “I mean, I’d hoped. I’d hoped for a very long time, without really knowing what the feeling meant. You are impossible, irrepressible, and I adore you with everything that I am, was, and will ever be.”
“Too much?” Cas asks.
He pictures it, Dean strung out and trembling, overwhelmed and begging. They’ve been doing this for months now, taking each other apart with heated touches and long-ignored desire. He loves bringing Dean pleasure, driving him wild with it, pulling him down over the edge. Warmth begins to eddy in his gut at the thought of it, of seeing how far he can push it.
He jolts at the sound of Cas’s voice, looking over to where he’s leaning against the bed head, feet bare and legs crossed at the ankle. He’s got an old-looking book cracked open in his lap; two more are stacked on the bedside table.
“Where are we?” he asks.
Then he reels Dean in, and silences his rebuttal with the softness of his mouth.
He turns his phone over in his hands, flipping it softly in his palm so that the screen faces up at him. He sees his reflection in the glass front; he looks tired. Sad. He wakes up the lock screen so he doesn’t have to look at himself any more.
“I think I’ll just have--”
Dean rubs at his face. “How’d you get me home?”
Dean takes a deep breath, looks up and meets Cas’s eyes, which is hard considering Cas seems to be having a hard time looking at Dean directly.
,” Dean groans, biting his lip and squirming. He loves this, Cas knows. Loves being marked, claimed. Loves being filthy with how much Cas wants him.
His face is pained, when he turns to look Castiel in the eyes. Cas wants nothing more than to swoop in and gather Dean in his arms, to whisper forgiveness into his skin. But he holds himself back.
Is this what Dean wants to feel when he drinks like this?
They walk the few blocks to Speedy’s in relative quiet. Dean makes small talk about the drive, the case he’d been working nearby. It isn’t until they’re seated in a vinyl-upholstered booth that Castiel feels himself relax.
“The nudie beach?” Dean asks.
Taking it as a good sign, Cas parts his lips and slips the head of Dean’s cock into his mouth. He can feel Dean growing harder against his tongue, and he sucks against the flesh, closing his eyes and letting his lips slide down Dean’s length.
“It’s not nothing, Cas,” Dean says, his face softening. “I’d say you’re doing pretty good.”
Dean opens his eyes to the familiarity of his own room, lights dim and blankets pushed down around his waist. The glow of the alarm clock tells him that it’s late, so late that it’s become early again. He’s tired, and he reaches down to rub at his chest, a sharp burn digging into the space behind his ribs when he inhales.
Dean lets his eyes slide closed again. He can’t think about this right now, can’t think about what he’s missed, what he’s wanted but can’t remember even having. It’s Cas, Cas is here and somehow his, but under the worst circumstances, and it
“Everyone knows you, Dean,” Cas says, and somehow it doesn’t sound creepy. “You have a wonderful reputation over the road. People speak very highly of you.”
“Is it now?” Dean brushes at some grains of sand on his shorts.
When they get back to the cottage, it’s after dark and the crickets are chirping loudly in the trees outside. Dean wends his way to the bedroom and flops down onto the crisp white sheets with a sigh, all loose-limbed and easy from the beer and the sun. Then he feels the mattress dip beside him, and he whips his head up to see Cas stretching out on the bed next to him.
--like hell.
Dean leans his head down, Cas’s hand coming up synchronously to wrap his warm fingers around the nape of Dean’s neck, pulling slightly until their foreheads are resting together. “It’s all right,” Dean sighs, the words rushing across Cas’s cheeks, and Cas inhales, breathes in Dean’s breath, breathes in the taste of him. “It’s all right. I’m home.” Dean reaches one hand up, fingers curling, tips pressing into the meat of Castiel’s chest. “We’re home.”
, being with Cas, that he won’t get back…hurts. “Now I get to do all this again for the first time.”
“Later,” he says, eyes closed, shuffling over onto his side and pulling Cas in tight behind him. “Tomorrow. Then, pancakes.”
. What day is it?” Dean asks, impatient.
Sam’s eyebrows draw together, he looks at Dean like he’s lost it.
Dean reaches for the lube, then reaches behind him, wraps his fingers around Cas’s cock, lightly coating him. Cas inhales, tries to keep his eyes open, fails when Dean presses the head of Cas’s cock against the core of him, wet and loose from Cas’s mouth. Castiel watches Dean’s face, the way his eyebrows draw together, the way he bites his lower lip between his teeth as he lowers himself slowly down Cas’s length.
Dean’s on the road, then, it seems.
“I swear to god, if you try to order an Americano, I will end you,” Cas says.
.” The word comes out as almost a hiss, so great, now he sounds like some sort of priest-hating Satanist. “You, priest. And I—I’m a man.”
Cas pretends to sigh, and picks up Dean’s hand and kisses across the knuckles.
, that hurts.
“Angel Airways, huh?” Dean asks with a grimace.
Dean breathes out deeply, barely holding on. “Love you, fuck, Cas, love you,” he mutters. “God, Cas, need you, come in me, please, wanna feel you, wanna feel everything.”
“I know, beloved. I know. Just let me take care of you. Let me show you what you can do.”
Dean hadn’t brought him home. Despite his fantasies and the hopes he’d kept clutched tight to his chest ever since the night Dean told him he had to leave the bunker, Dean had not come to save him.
Dean grins, leans in and tugs at the collar of Cas’s hideous Crocodile Hunter t-shirt.
He hadn’t expected it would feel like this. His human experience had been a caged thing, bound within a perimeter of sadness, loss, disconnection, disappointment. He had yet to experience this: joy, relief, the redamancy of loving and being loved in return. Now that he has it, he burns with it from the inside out; he can feel it lighting him in his very core, threatening to leak out of his eyes, his fingertips, the soles of his feet.
, he is in trouble. It’s him, Power Thighs, sweat starting to lightly stain the neckline of his navy t-shirt, swinging a water bottle from one hand, a small towel slung over his shoulder.
“When’s it gonna stop?” he whispers.
Kissing Dean is a revelation. He’s spent years thinking about it, at first as a passing curiosity, and then, when he’d figured out how he felt, as a more active daydream, a well-worn fantasy. Nothing he’d imagined could compare, though, to the softness of Dean’s lips, the wet warmth of his mouth as he opens himself to Castiel, deepens the kiss. One of Dean’s hands slides up to cup the back of Castiel’s head, softly like it’s something precious. Castiel’s own hands are trembling at Dean’s waist, one hand grabbing a fistful of Dean’s flannel shirt and twisting it, using it to pull Dean closer.
“Morning,” Cas hums, dropping his head to kiss the side of Dean’s neck. Dean gives a pleased hum, and Cas feels it reverberate through his lips.
Dean nods slowly, looking at his boots.
“So what?” Castiel asks.
Cas just scrapes his teeth down Dean’s knee, then trails his tongue up Dean’s inner thigh.
, ‘m gonna…ah,
“Oh, Dean,” she says, her face softening and her eyes glittering with big, bright unicorn tears. “You want to fall in love. You’re like a Disney princess!”
Cas slides his hands down to palm at Dean’s ass, pulling their bodies flush. They can’t stop kissing.
“Then why am I still here?” he asks. He sounds petulant, ungrateful to his own ears, and he hates it.
Cas’s gaze is soft, not scrutinising, not searching. Cas reaches up with one hand, runs a thumb over Dean’s cheekbone, strokes his fingers gently over Dean’s eyebrow. Dean blinks against kindness, the shame. He blinks.
“I carried your heavy ass to the car,” Sam says, looking back down at the books. “Drove fast, called Cas to start looking. But Dean, we don’t really even know what we’re looking at here.”
“Like what?”
“Oh!” Dean tries his very hardest to be nonchalant. “Oh, nothing. Really. Just, you know. Getting to know the neighbours.”
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean smiles. “You just—I—come here.” He sits up, pushes at Cas’s shoulder, follows, leaning over him and grinning. “Don’t want it to, you know. Finish.”
Then he remembers the friendly clap on the shoulder Dean gave him before he’d left earlier tonight. The casual “I’ll see you ‘round, Cas.” The ruby glow of the tail lights as Dean pulled away from Speedy’s and headed down towards the interstate.
“It’s not,” Cas says, reassuringly. “Have you ever been in?”
Cas smiles, reaches out for his coffee. “Maybe I will sometime.”
Finally, “I love you,” he says.
The phone sits silent. He sees the little three dots appear below his message, like Dean’s typing a reply. The dots disappear, then reappear, then disappear again.
: : : : :
“Dean, wait—“
He trails his lips over Dean’s cheek, before leaning over to the nightstand and grabbing the lube out of the draw.
“How many could you do?” Cas asks, intrigued.
“Fuckin’ tease,” Dean growls between kisses, hands leaving Cas’s head to pluck at the hem of his shirt instead.
But Castiel is happy here.
“Okay, okay,” Dean mutters, tipping his head to catch Cas’s lips with his own. Cas kisses him, wet and hungrily, until he hears the whisk Dean had been holding clatter to the floor at their feet, Dean’s hands coming up to grip Cas’s shoulders.
“Dean,” he says. “Dean, I want to make you come over, and over, and over again.” He punctuates his words with rolls of his hips. Dean moans and shudders, and Cas can feel it ripple through Dean’s body where it’s pressed against his own.
“Mhmm,” Cas agrees.
“That is a terrible segue, Sammy.”
“Yes, of course. I’m a priest. Part of my work in the community is supporting the rough sleepers in the city—” Realisation dawns on Cas’s face.
Dean looks at him, his green eyes dark, his face flushing all over again.
“There’s a second-hand clothing store not far from here, we can go and get some more appropriate attire,” Cas says, taking off his trench coat and rolling up his sleeves. Dean tries not to stare at the warm skin of Cas’s forearms.
“It wouldn’t have mattered,” Dean says. “I don’t care if you can heal him or not. I don’t care if you’re juiced up or just kicking it like the rest of us. It doesn’t matter to me. I hated asking you to leave. I hated you leaving because of my fucked up choices.”
Dean thinks at this point it’s just safer to walk away.
It happens eventually, with the inevitability of all things of this nature.
Dean sighs once he’s practically inhaled half his meal, resting his hands on the green speckled tabletop.
Three days. Okay. Three more days and they still don’t have an answer.
“Something like that,” he says.
“Do you want to see how hard I am for you?” Cas asks.
Cas twists his head, presses an open-mouthed kiss to Dean’s cheek, and pulls Dean firmly back into his lap, stopping and grinding his hips slow and dirty, watching as Dean’s mouth drops open on a groan.
Sam stares at him for a few more seconds; sighs, looks away. “We’re on a case. Salt and burn.”
“Anywhere?” Cas asks. It’s late, getting near closing, so the place is almost empty.
Dean nods, slowly, looking around. Australia, huh? Well...shit. A small, childish part of him expects everything to be upside down.
He hears hurried footsteps and then there’s a strong hand gripping around his arm, helping to haul him to his feet. Dean looks up into blue eyes that are kinda squinty with concern, and wants a hole to open up in the earth and swallow him. There’s a manhole in the middle of the road about thirty yards away, he recalls. Maybe he can just walk up there, pry it open, and pitch himself into the sewer.
The water is warm when he steps into it, like a bath. He wades in up to his knees and stays there, watching as small fish dart around his feet, feeling the rippled sand pushed by the tides beneath his feet. It feels...nice. Really nice. Cas strides past him, out to where the water’s waist deep, before diving under the waves. Dean has a brief flash of the Leviathan bullshit, that fucking lake, seeing Cas slip beneath the water and disappear, and he feels his heart rate start to pick up before--it’s fine. Cas resurfaces, flips to float on his back, grinning at Dean from mere feet away. He beckons with one hand, before turning to swim out further into the water.
Wow, this is embarrassing.
He looks down. He’s fully dressed in the clothes he was pretty sure he wore on the hunt: red flannel, grey t-shirt, jeans. Even his workboots are still on.
“Yes, dear, the nudie beach.”
Dean nods. His jaw sets.
“Well, I mean it,” says Dean. “I love you.” He leans up, propping himself on his elbow to lean over Castiel where he lies against the sole pillow. He drops his lips to Castiel’s and kisses him sweetly, his mouth perfection and forgiveness and acceptance and
“Okay,” he says. “Okay.”
Cas groans, feeling Dean tighten around his cock. A few short thrusts is all it takes before the dam breaks, and he’s coming in wild spurts inside Dean.
Cas smiles, nods. Dean gets behind the espresso machine and prays that he doesn’t set it on fire or anything else impossible but unlucky and therefore probable.
Alive, he certainly is. Whether he’s well remains to be seen.
“I remember it differently,” Dean mutters, picking at the hem of his shirt. The truth is that he doesn’t remember the gates of hell, not really. He remembers the stink of the pit, the noise and the pain and the heat. He remembers the piercing light when Cas found him. But he doesn’t remember the gates. He supposes that if they were anything they’d be more metaphysical than literal. Not like this. This is nature, and beauty, and the cleansing power of the sea. This is angry water, sure, but this is nothing--
Dean turns away from the sink, angling his body towards Castiel, his hand still damply pressing into Cas’s arm, turning the white of his shirt soapy and transparent. He leans forward, and the first brush of his lips against Castiel’s is soft, barely there.
“Killing and eating each other?” Dean grins.
“Christ, Charlie! It’s fine, just forget about it. I don’t want it, okay?”
“We don’t have to stop, but we do have to move,” he says.
was back. Castiel thinks he knows just how much this means.
that Cas tries and informs him is pomegranate molasses.
“Like, lots of good stuff. Like family. Like friends. Pie,” he grins.
Dean snorts. “Like what?”
Castiel waits.
He opens it without hesitation. There on the other side, his eyes wild and breath coming hard despite the short climb, stands Dean.
He pulls the sleeping bag up tighter around his shoulders. His back is starting to ache from sleeping on the shitty air mattress Nora had gifted him when he first moved in. A loan, he’d insisted, but he still hadn’t managed to buy a bed of his own yet.
The water is as warm and soft as a caress, although it’s saltier than he’d imagined it would be when it gets in his eyes and mouth. He gets dumped by a wave, gets sea water up his nose, grazes his foot on a rock. But he and Cas also paddle about, flick water at each other, float on the buoyant surface, and duck under waves. This is
He closes the app, but he must leave it logged in, because his phone pings with a handful of messages over the next few days.
He has a couple of unopened messages in the app. He taps the first one in the inbox.
“I want to make you feel so good it overwhelms you,” he says, voice still barely above a murmur. “Time and again.” He squeezes Dean’s hips as they jerk forward minutely.
“Of course,” Cas says, wrapping Dean up in his arms, twining their ankles together. “How do you feel?”
“Good,” he says. He steps back, putting a foot of distance between them. He crosses his arms, regards Dean’s dishevelled appearance, knowing that it will have nothing on how Dean will look by the time he’s done with him tonight.
He wants to laugh, dry and aching. As if he’s been doing anything other than waiting, all this time. Castiel calls Nora and, for the first time since he moved here, excuses himself from work. And then he waits.
He pushes the door open and sweeps his arm in a gesture for Dean to enter.
“Oh! Yeah, I’m—” Dean flexes his hands, and bites back a hiss at the sting. “Mother
Cas pulls back, letting his teeth scrape along Dean’s lower lip as they part.
“I said what I said.”
Dean smiles. For Cas, he can wait.
Castiel swallows. He knows the power it can take to cast out an angel who doesn't want to leave. “How?” he asks.
“This is a nude beach,” Cas says casually.
“Dean,” he says, pointedly. “Dean, did you think I was homeless?”
“Oh. You—you’re welcome. You know. Any time? If you want to have coffee.”
“How long have I been out?”
Dean’s never really been one to disobey an order like that.
Castiel smiles to himself. He likes to think of Dean in the bunker’s kitchen, moving comfortably around the space, making food for himself and Sam, caring for his family. His mind glosses over the empty seat at their table that he’d hoped would be his.
“I’m not,” says Cas, fitting the key into the lock. “It’s an AirBNB.”
“Do you want to get coffee sometime?”
He has no proof that it even is Dean, of course. Just the car, the familiar smile. The fact that it’s a gay dating app in itself isn’t surprising — he knows Dean, has seen the parts of him that he tries to keep hidden. Castiel has pieced him back together, shred by shred. He knows the very core of him.
“Always do, babe,” he says. “You always make me feel so fucking good.”
Dean doesn’t let himself stop to think. He just shimmies off his shorts and shirt, slips out of his boxers, and runs down to the water to join in.
“You know, Cas,” he says, alcohol smoothing the way. “We were makin’ out.” He tries to be truculent, shield with bravado.
Dean snorts, awake enough to recognise that sentiment for the nonsense it is.
While Dean’s making the coffee, he sees Cas head over to the book swap shelf near the comfy couches. Cas thumbs over the spines, tilting his head to look at the titles.
“Do I want to ask what a ‘smashed avo’ is?” he asks. “It’s not like, just a smooshed avocado, is it?”
“For giving this to me. For trusting me.”
“Nope, free for friends who help me up off my ass when I’ve stacked it that bad.”
Dean chokes on air and drops the bar onto his lap, hard, sitting up and coughing.
“Look, hang here,” says Cas. “I’ve got some first aid stuff somewhere, let me help you out.”
“It’s two in the morning.”
Cas pulls his hand away, grabs the bottle of lube and slicks up his fingers. This time he slips inside easily, draws his finger out again, fucks it into Dean slowly and solidly.
, Cas. I couldn’t let him die.”
“I can’t tell you,” Dean says, gritting his teeth. “God, this fucking sucks. I shouldn’t even be here. But I couldn’t just...I drive away from you every time and I...Cas, you deserve so much more than this.”
Castiel leans back in his chair, deflated. “I see.”
“This is Tea Tree Bay,” Cas says, dropping his bag on a fallen tree trunk set back from the water’s edge. It’s so quiet here; the bay is sheltered from the breeze and the surf. The water is impossibly still and clear ahead of them, and the sand is white and clean beneath their feet. There’s no one else in sight.
When Dean opens his eyes again, it’s to the sight of the ceiling of his room at the bunker, smooth and golden with the light of his bedside lamps. His copy of
“Because I’ve been checking you out since day one,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. Cas has turned a delightful pink in two high spots on his cheeks. “And you’re basically the hottest guy I’ve ever seen, and you asked me out and now I’m worried I’m gonna be an asshole and scare you off.”
“Can you try again?” Cas asks.
Dean moans again, reaches down to pinch at his own nipple. Cas lets him, watches the way Dean’s face twists.
The streetlights are flickering past the windows, making him dizzy. Dean’s eyes flicker closed.
Dean snaps his mouth shut.
“Hey,” he says, reaching out and nudging Cas’s sneaker with his toe. “Hey, sure.”
Dean opened Mean Beanz about twelve months ago, and he’s damn proud of the place. He’s got a reputation for having the best coffee on the block, and the best muffins. Even though he will go to his grave keeping the fact that he’s the baker a secret. A man needs a little mystery.
. 55 miles away. The second picture on the profile is the Impala, as recognisable a car as he can imagine. That’s all the information there is.
The old man, who’s just flopping around everywhere, Dean thinks with horror, crosses their path on his way into the water. “G’day,” he says, then strides into the sea. His tanned, wrinkly butt cheeks glisten in the sun as he dives beneath the calm water.
Cas doesn’t know how to respond. It’s been weeks since he’d watched Dean drive away, and a sad part of him had expected that to be the last he’d ever see of him. The message is unexpected but not unwelcome. He feels colour rise in his cheeks as he replies.
Dean hands over the cup, tries not to have an aneurysm when his fingers brush against Cas’s. Christ, it’s like he’s burning up, here.
“Okay?” Cas asks.
“Hey, speaking of thinking,” Sam says. “
“You’re my family, Dean. My friend.” He knows he’s being blunt, and the wince on Dean’s face is all the confirmation he needs that he should have just kept his mouth shut.
“Dean, I’m going to make you feel so good,” he says as he slides one finger into Dean, up to the second knuckle. Dean groans low in his throat.
Charlie jabs him in the side.
The next week, Monday, arms and chest day, Dean’s loading up the chest press bar when he hears a deep voice behind him ask: “Do you need a spotter?” Oh man, that voice. He turns around and —
He kisses back. Of course he kisses back. He reaches and rests his hand on the small of Dean’s back, pulling gently, the softest pressure, pulling Dean to him. He opens his mouth, feels Dean do the same, feels the slide and softness of Dean’s tongue against his own.
A waitress stops by their table. “Are you ready to order?” she asks.
Dean shouts. “Gonna come, gonna come, gonna—
“It doesn’t matter,” says Castiel, feeling something loosen in his chest with the admission. “You’re here now.”
“Ready?” he asks.
. But Cas makes it look...natural. Normal. Right. Cas looks like this is precisely how the human form should be: unfettered, unencumbered, graceful and powerful as he breaks into a jog, then a run, leaping over the water with a whoop before diving under the waves.
“I’m saying that I…” he trails off, voice quiet. “I’m saying—happy birthday, Cas.”
“Yep,” Dean says, taking a moment. He breathes in deeply, letting the salty air fill his lungs. He kicks off his sandals and feels his toes worm their way into the warm sand. Cas did this for him. Cas brought him here, because he wanted this. He slides his recently purchased sunglasses down over his eyes, hiding the dampness that’s threatening to gather there.
It takes a while, this time. He keeps up the motion of his hand, leisurely and unhurried, gliding over Dean’s prostate with a light touch. He drizzles more lube over his hand, and slides a third finger in.
“Who?” he asks.
Dean fidgets, shuffles onto his side. He feels the smooth slip of the sheets over his bare legs.
“Sharks aren’t as dangerous as people think,” Cas says. “The life guards more commonly watch for currents and rips, and other dangers.”
“Shit,” Dean hisses, sensitive enough to jump at the touch.
“We’ll find a way,” Cas says.
“It’s hard,” she says. “Trust me, I know. But you can find someone. At least for a hot date!”
Despite the passing of the season from summer into fall, the only change in Castiel’s life is the turning of the leaves on the trees lining the streets: verdant green becomes sickly yellow, a muted orange. It becomes properly cold. At least he has a roof over his head. He and Dean talk more now. Mostly nonsense messages. The occasional heartfelt sentiment slipping through the cracks. After a while, Castiel tries to stop reeling them back in. Instead he lets the feelings float from him, like so many threads from a well-worn sweater.
Sam looks up, startled.
“A date, Dean. Is that okay if this keeps being one? I do find you very attractive.”
that Castiel thinks something holy still moves within him. Maybe it does.
Cas looks up from where he’s crouched in front of the room’s rusty radiator.
, laving flatly over his hole, swirling softly around the muscle, flexing stiffly and pushing in,
“I’ve been reading, but blood magic is old, and complicated, and almost limitless. We don’t know what hit you, and we don’t know if it’s even still affecting you.”
“Yeah, yeah, Cas, just…more, I need more, please, Cas…” Dean is babbling, but Cas is happy to oblige. He slides a fourth finger in, slowly slipping deeper to the knuckles, until the width of his hand is pressing against Dean’s rim. He’s fixated by the sight, his hand halfway inside Dean, the stretch of Dean around him, the heat of his skin.
“Huh. Guess they take that stuff seriously here.”
“Woah,” he says, like that syllable can even hope to encapsulate the goddamn majesty before him.
“But because you should hear it,” Cas continues. “Because you should be told every moment of every day, I’m completely in love with you as well, and I adore every part of you. I always have, and I always will.”
Cas leans up and licks around the shell of Dean’s ear. “And then, tomorrow’s Friday.” His teeth tug lightly at the lobe, and Dean shivers. “Arm day.”
“Can I?” he asks.
He’s waiting for Dean, he knows. It’s sad and unfortunate and pathetic, but it’s the truth. He can’t leave, he can’t move on, but he can’t settle here either. He can’t dig roots into the earth here. He can’t furnish his apartment, can’t learn recipes or make friends or become a regular at the coffee shop around the corner from the laundromat where he washes the clothes that he won’t buy more of. He can’t own things. He can’t build any sense of permanence here, just in case.
Afterwards, back at Sunshine Beach, they have fish burgers for lunch from a small takeaway. The burgers are made with soft bread and slathered in aioli that runs down their wrists, and accompanied by cold ginger beer and thick-cut hot chips covered in something amazing called “chicken salt”. Cas nudges Dean’s foot with his own, then leans over to kiss aioli off the corner of Dean’s mouth.
Dean’s hand tightens on Castiel’s waist, and he turns his head to press an open-mouthed kiss to Castiel’s chest.
leg day. The only good thing about it is that he can cheat a bit and take it easy: sort of only half-load up the leg press and take really long rests between sets, and maybe, okay definitely, surreptitiously check out that guy with the messy dark hair and the powerful thighs on the hack squat two machines over.
“Blurgh?” he says, intelligently.
He’s not sure what he said exactly this time; he’d lost himself to his passion, words passing his lips unbidden.
“Yeah, that sounds like him,” Dean says.
Cas’s hand releases his chin, fingertips trailing up to brush lightly across Dean’s hairline. “We’ll figure it out,” he says.
He hears Cas stand up, hears his feet shuffling softly over the floor toward him. Cas’s hand settles, unsure, on Dean’s shoulder.
“You look a bit shell-shocked,” says Cas. “Look, I know that maybe a man of God is not at the top of a lot of peoples’ lists of ideal partners. But, I like you. I’d like to get to know you better. If you’d be amenable.”
“You’re here,” he murmurs, pulling back for a second, before Dean’s other wet hand comes up to land, fluttering, against the side of Cas’s face, drawing him in again with a satisfied sigh.
Cas hums, drops a kiss onto Dean’s upturned face. “Have you ever done it before?” he asks.
“You know, we make it here! We sure do,” Dean is babbling now. This is going so well. “Yes, so. We make coffee. Well, I make coffee. If you want to have coffee. With me? You can do it…here. Yes.”
His phone feels heavy in his hand. He thumbs it open, swipes to the last screen of apps, and opens Grindr. He looks at the paltry options of local men, their faces obscured, their hearts unknowable. He doesn’t want them, because they’re not Dean.
“In a good way,” Dean adds, hurriedly. “I think it’s because I love you.”
“No,” Castiel says. “Maybe another time.”
Dean runs the conversation back in his head, cringing at the most awkward parts. Oh shit, it’s almost definitely a date.
“I’m fine, Cas.”
Cas runs a soothing hand down Dean’s chest until his muscles relax, and he drops back, pliant and loose-limbed onto the sheets. He reaches out for Cas, pulls him in close. Cas slings an arm over Dean’s waist, kisses the corner of his mouth and the corner of his eye.
At this point he is actually backing away from Cas, even though his knee is starting to scream with every awkward shuffle.
He sleeps well that night, tired from the walk and the sun. He thinks about putting up a fuss and sleeping on the couch again like a martyr, but...the bed is comfortable, and clean, and welcoming, and--as Cas points out--more than big enough for both of them. So he tucks himself up under the sheets, clutches an overstuffed throw pillow to his chest, and falls asleep.
“Sensitive,” he says, lip caught between his teeth. “Get the lube?”
Sam’s nowhere to be seen, nor is Cas. Dean digs around for his phone, sees the missed calls. Three voicemail messages. He jabs blearily at the buttons, setting the first one to play.
“What can I get for you?” Dean asks, remembering that he’s running a café here, and Cas probably wants a coffee, not just to stand there while Dean’s inner monologue goes to weird places.
: : : : :
It turns cold in November. The heating in his apartment building leaves a lot to be desired. The window panes are frosted over in the early dawn light. He looks up at the tendrils of frost creeping over the glass, just visible through the sun-stained curtains in his bedroom. He’s still sleeping on a mattress on the floor. It’s been months, and he’s still living like any day now, Dean will appear and bring him home.
Cas doesn’t reply, but Dean can feel a nervous twitch of his fingers.
“And Crowley?” Cas asks, afraid of the answer, of the deal Dean might have made to get his brother back.
“Uh, sure,” he manages. He clears his throat. “What’s for dinner around here?”
hard, really, honestly, not to stare at him all afternoon. He’s moving around the camp, talking to people, helping a new woman Dean doesn’t recognise rig up a tarp over her sleeping area. Dean’s almost definitely pining.
“No, I—I need to find a way myself. I’ve got some options, I’ve got contacts, I’ll…” Dean stops, reaches out a hand and places it, hot and light, on Castiel’s knee. “I just don’t want you to be here alone. I don’t want you to think that I don’t want you with us.”
This time, he’s relentless. He employs all his knowledge—he’d once thought it limited, but he’s nothing but an excellent student when it comes to getting Dean off—until Dean is moaning a constant string of broken sounds above him.
Dean checks for traffic before crossing the road to the tent city.
Dean’s cock is leaking steadily in his grip as Cas works him over, quick and thorough. He knows by now the right way to twist his wrist, the places to rub his thumb. He’s relentless as he strokes Dean’s cock hard and fast, precome easing the way, smoothing the glide of his hand.
Dean tries very hard to fight the urge to crush his phone into a tiny brick. “Yeah, yeah, Sammy. I’m
He hears the dull clunk of the car’s back door opening, feels the cool rush of air and inhales the smell of the bunker’s garage as it sweeps over his face. He twists his head and looks up to see Cas silhouetted in the soft lights of the garage.
Dean feels like he’s about to have a nervous breakdown. “Is that not…I don’t know, forbidden fruit?”
“Well,” Dean says, cheeks burning the most ungodly—nope—unholy—
Cas looks at him, smiles. “Sure?”
“And if you’re going to have the option, well. Always go for pie,” he continues. “Even if there probably aren’t enough candles in the world to hit your actual age.”
. Dean’s a bit mesmerised. And now, yes, definitely staring. It’s almost hypnotic, the flex and push of the strong muscles. The guy reaches fifteen, straightens out, turns and catches Dean’s eye. Dean quickly snaps his head forward, trying really hard to not look back and not look guilty, and unlocks the leg press to push his embarrassment out in another set.
It becomes easy, when he wakes up again, still sleep-warm and muddled, to reach a hand up and grab Cas’s wrist, to twist their fingers together, and, despite the insistent beating of his heart, hang on for dear life.
Cas has a better idea—Cas has a
“What time is it?” Dean asks.
“Is it...legal?”
He stops for a moment. It takes him a minute to puzzle out the emoticon. Then he remembers. A pained half-laugh wrenches out of his throat. He supposes every human needs a birthday.
Dean shakes his head, miserable.
Or like this, Cas kneeling on the mattress with Dean in his lap. Dean’s back is plastered against Cas’s chest as Cas wraps his hands around Dean’s waist, holding him and guiding him as he rolls his hips, pushing into Dean’s body faster and deeper.
He puts the pie down on the kitchen counter, and walks over to sit next to Dean on the couch.
The weight of it all lifts off Dean’s shoulders in an instant, and he immediately rolls his eyes. “I never should have let you watch those movies.”
“Sure you don’t wanna show me your place, Cas?” he asks.
“Fuck, you’re so gorgeous,” he blurts out, stunned by the way Cas’s body looks in the yellow wash of the bedside lamp.
“Really,” Cas says, solemnly. “I did actually want to show you Hell’s Gates. There’s a beautiful walk just along the headland here.”
He looks up and catches hot guy’s eyes in the mirror over the room. Hot guy raises an eyebrow. Dean is so fucking busted.
“Cas, wait,” he says. Cas sits back, giving Dean space, his hands resting by his sides.
“Cas, dude, wake up,” he hisses. “I want another flat white.”
Cas comes back to the counter, gesturing at the bookshelf. “You’ve got some great stuff there. Some real favourites.”
Cas nods. “Just a small place. It’s...well, it’s nothing.”
Cas kneels and crawls up the bed, over Dean’s pliant body. He leans back on Dean’s thighs, sitting back and taking his dick in his hand. Dean cracks his eyes open at the sound of Cas jerking himself, his eyes glassy and barely focusing. Cas looks at his face: his lips are bitten raw, his neck is flushed a deep red, and sweat beads along his hairline. He looks utterly debauched, and Cas loves it. Loves that he did this for Dean, wrecked him like this.
“How long is this weather going to last?” he asks, frustrated.
It feels better to have it out there, like ripping off a band-aid. And now Cas can realise that Dean has no chill, maybe has never had chill, and they can move on and just go back to seeing each other at the gym. Or maybe Dean will switch gyms, and then he can pretend he was never this overtly uncool.
“Whoa, there, buddy,” Dean says. “I know I’m not always Johnny Law, but do you really want to start breaking and entering right off the bat?”
“Is this it?” Dean asks.
The pain in his chest is back, burning bright and hot and sharp.
Cas straightens, regards Dean in his naked splendour: the artful bow of his legs, the proud jut of his hard cock, the flush that’s starting to creep down among the hairs of his chest. He raises a hand and places it over Dean’s heart, and feels it beat a rapid tattoo against his palm. He pushes, and Dean falls back against the sheets, sliding backwards over the mattress. Cas is on him in an instant, crawling over him on hands and knees, kissing his way up Dean’s chest until he settles beside him, one hand running over Dean’s hip.
Dean pulls back, thumbs still rubbing gently over Castiel’s shoulders. Castiel suddenly remembers how his body works, how his limbs move, and lifts his hands to Dean’s waist, sliding one palm to the small of Dean’s back. Dean grins, relief flashing across his features. This time, when he leans in, Castiel meets him halfway.
“Would it make a difference,” Cas says, slowly, “if I wanted it to be a date?”
Dean nods slowly, doesn’t let that last bit settle too heavily upon him. “Okay,” he says. “Maybe I’ll come in just a bit.”
“And I couldn’t heal him,” he says. “Not this time.”
“Fuck, Cas,
“Jesus, fuck!” Dean exclaims, stopping in his tracks as a naked old man steps proudly down the sand.
Dean wishes there were more he could do for the community over there, but he does what he can.
“It means everything to me, to hear you say it,” Cas says.
It’s mid-morning on his day off, and he’s sitting on the couch and reading
“And I love you.” Cas runs a finger over Dean’s eyebrow, delicate and soft. “Thank you.”
Castiel doesn’t expect Dean to wait. He’s not sure when this coldness and surety settled into him, but he can feel it inside him, he can grope around its edges and feel where he laid it, brick by brick, to keep Dean out.
“Nope, no, now way, Charlie. I am fine.”
“You got it, though,” he says, pulling back. He leans in, kisses Cas again.
Dean cracks his eyes open again, staring up at an unfamiliar popcorn ceiling, an unlit fluorescent bulb in an unflattering fixture overhead.
Cas looks pretty worried at this point.
Dean’s stomach flips pleasantly at the endearment.
“You should heal fine, Dean.”
Castiel feels very small standing there in the single room of his home, feels miniscule even in this tiny apartment. Dean fills the room, all of it, every last corner, with the brightness of his soul that Castiel still imagines he can see.
“No, keep going, keep going,” Dean says hurriedly, his voice rising in volume, like he can’t stand the thought of Cas stopping now. His lips move, over and over, his voice whisper quiet as the words reach Cas: “Please, please, please, please…”
“Right-o,” says the waitress before wandering off, and Dean wonders if this kind of relaxed attitude would fly back home.
“Gonna come, Cas, gonna—” Dean warns him. Cas doesn’t stop. He lowers his head to Dean’s chest, taking one of Dean’s nipples between his lips. Dean gasps as Cas sucks on the tender flesh, bites down with a scrape of his teeth. He feels Dean’s back try to bow beneath him as Dean’s dick jumps in his hand, growing incrementally harder in the last second before Dean’s coming with a soft groan.
“Is that what you want?” Cas asks.
“Holy shit, Cas! Did you see that! Fucking--dolphins, man!”
Huh. Well. Dean doesn’t really know how to deal with this information. Except now his brain is computing that Cas finds him attractive, and he finds Cas attractive, and so suddenly he’s not so sure what the problem was.
“Then come,” he says, simply, and brings his mouth back down, renewing his assault and jerking Dean’s cock steadily.
Dean nods, slowly, dreamily. “Hold me?”
He looks up at Cas, who’s six feet of tanned skin and bright smile standing over him, hair streaming wet, body firm and toned like every fantasy Dean’s ever repressed in his miserable life.
It’s quiet in the small bedroom Castiel’s called home for the last few months. The traffic sounds that usually keep him awake have faded into something more muted, barely tickling at the edge of his hearing. His every sense seems to be filled with Dean: the feel of smooth skin, the musk of worn cologne and car leather, the sight of Dean’s limbs tangled loosely with Castiel’s own, the taste of sweat and skin still lingering on Castiel’s lips, the sound of Dean’s voice as he talks about the bunker, the room he’s set aside for Castiel, the meals he promises to cook for him once he’s living there for good this time.
There’s a new guy in the camp, with dark scruffy hair and a blue NASA tshirt that looks a bit worse for wear. Dean sees him lay a hand on El’s shoulder, and smile and something she says. He has a nice smile. Dean looks at him and thinks that his smile looks like warmth.
Cas lifts his mouth, smiles up at Dean, who almost spontaneously combusts at the shining wetness around his mouth and chin.
“A hike, really.”
He gets a text from Dean three days later.
But there’s still so much more to do.
They end up back at Castiel’s apartment, mindful of the cat getting underfoot as they strip each other of their clothes, leaving a trail from the kitchen where they shared a casual nightcap to the bedroom where they’ll share the night.
Dean’s finger hovers over the delete icon next to the messages. He doesn’t know why, but this hurts, and he can feel the pain in his chest start to crawl up the back of his throat.
Castiel, meanwhile, is beyond joy. He’d never thought that Dean would walk back into the bunker, alive, whole. He’d gathered Dean in his arms, hands pressing warm into Dean’s back, not ready to believe the solid warmth of Dean in his arms. “You’re alive,” he’d said, incredulous, grateful.
“Okay,” he exhales. “Okay, I can live with that.”
Cas slumps down next to him, leaning over to breathe hotly against his cheek. Dean turns his head, catches Cas’s mouth in a slow, open kiss.
He considers. He wants to believe Dean. He wants to cling onto that hope like a drowning man clutching onto driftwood at sea.
It’s still early in the afternoon, so they leave their heavy, weather-inappropriate clothes in the cottage and head back towards the beach. At the end of a wooden walkway, the sand spreads out in a warm, white blanket. The ocean, up close, is turquoise and clear, the waves playful and non-threatening. The beach is busy, with families and couples and all sorts of people ducking in and out of the water between a set of red and yellow flags.
Cas laughs, small and sad. Dean had high hopes for him, it seems. Or at least expectations that, if fulfilled, could absolve him of responsibility for Castiel’s wellbeing. Dean asked him to leave, he realises, so Dean needs to know that he’s okay. Dean, always so concerned for the wellbeing of those he loves, needs to know that he’s made the right decision — that Castiel is going to be okay.
He doesn’t get into the Impala. Some part of him can’t stomach the thought of sliding back onto the smooth leather of the seats. Not when he’ll have to just get out again. Not unless he’s going home.
It takes time. He wraps a hand around Dean’s knee, warm and sure; he trails his fingers up Dean’s chest to rub his thumbs over Dean’s nipples; he folds himself over Dean and kisses his sweet mouth languidly as he continues to fuck him.
“Two, when I was younger, if I was lucky.” Dean shrugs. “I’m over forty now, dude. I don’t like your chances.”
Cas has been human before, but this time it seems like it’s for real, no take-backs, no exchanges, no refunds. This time, though, he is not alone. He has Dean by his side, in his arms, and that makes all the difference in the world. His human existence this time is built on good experiences. On food, friendship, family. On watching movies in the lounge with Dean and Sam. On sharing a meal at the large kitchen table, sleeves rolled up to his elbows, flavours singing across his palate as he eats a meal cooked with love. On moments with Jack—his son, still, after everything—as they crouch in the rooftop garden together, sowing seeds and watering the herbs he’s been planting.
He can hear a shower running. The surroundings slide into familiarity. He’s in a motel room, another crappy carbon copy of the ones he’s slept in a thousand times before. Neon light flickers into the window, bathing everything in an ugly soft red. A thin strip of yellow glow floods out from the gap at the bottom of the bathroom door.
Cas lets himself be pulled back down next to Dean. He stretches out along Dean’s body, languorous and slow. Dean reaches up and runs his fingers through Cas’s hair, then tugs, just lightly, until their mouths meet.
“He’s good. Cleaning up things back at the base. You wouldn’t believe some of the stuff we’ve found.”
Cas very much is back the next day, and Dean tries
Manny smiles at him, and Dean is
There was no sign of the man on Friday. Not that Dean’s been looking. He’s finishing up for the day, lugging a bag of empty cups and grounds to the trash can behind the building, when his brother Sam calls, wanting to talk about Dean’s plans for summer, and can he please just take a plane this time, it’s too far to drive all the way to California just for a week of vacation. Dean says he’ll think about it.
Dean kisses him to silence, just a soft press of his lips against Cas’s dry ones.
“Yeah, I thought I’d seen a couple of people I didn’t recognise lately,” Dean says.
Dean grins at him, then twists over to turn off the lamp, spilling night across the room.
: : : : :
Dean agrees.
It’s not enough like this, he knows. Dean sighs above him, blissed out and content as Cas slowly slides a second finger in, lowering his head to drop wet, open-mouthed kisses along Dean’s hips.
Castiel exits out of the app, and deletes it from his phone.
“You could take it all, couldn’t you?” he murmurs, sliding his fingers out and then in again, slipping brutally over Dean’s prostate.
Dean can see Sam take a shot, see the witch crumple, a deep red stain spreading across the front of her dress. From his prone position on the dusty warehouse floor, Dean watches Sam run towards him, concern contorting his face into something unholy.
Cas rolls his eyes. “No, Dean. We’re just two people that are having coffee and are interested in each other. Nothing hell-bound there.”
“So why are you here, Cas? You could go anywhere, right? Be anything? I know what I gave you wasn’t a lot, money-wise, but you could be doing anything you want right now. Running a blackjack scam in Vegas. Guiding nature walks at national parks. Curing freakin’ cancer, I don’t know.”
They end up on the couch, the horrible couch Castiel brought out of the rain and into his home. Castiel lets Dean push him back against the cushions, lets Dean crawl into his lap and bear his weight down upon him. He lets Dean run his fingers down his chest, touch his thighs, his back, his knees. He returns the touch in kind, with passion that has not dulled through years of disuse but intensified into a roaring fire. The whole time, Dean’s mouth never leaves his. Not when Dean’s hands reach down and unbutton Castiel’s shirt, not when Castiel slides his hands into the back of Dean’s jeans. Dean doesn’t seem to want to stop kissing him at all, not even for a moment, not even to remove his shirt, which frustrates Castiel momentarily until Dean’s clever hands slip down and undo the button of Castiel’s pants.
He taps on the profile.
Dean pushes his half-empty plate around. He doesn’t meet Castiel’s eyes.
“You’re late, Charles,” he says, feigning ire.
“I’ll go sleep on the couch,” he says, face red. He grabs a pillow and stalks out to the lounge room, ignoring the soft way that Cas says his name as he goes. He sleeps fitfully under the breeze of the ceiling fan.
He heads back into the café. Charlie is stacking cups, ready for the morning rush. He peers out the window and looks over at the tent city over the road. He can see a few people he knows over there: Manny, the sort of camp leader, is talking to El and Leigh, a couple of younger rough sleepers who barely look old enough to be out of high school. Dean makes a mental note to head over with some more food this afternoon.
Later, Mary had rested her hand on Dean’s cheek, smiled at him indulgently before turning in, and Cas hadn’t been able to look away from Dean’s eyes. Mary was back. His
Right now, for example, the guy is on his second set on the hack squat, ten reps in, not that Dean is counting. He must have close to three hundred pounds stacked on, and his thighs are just
“Let’s walk,” he says to Dean.
It’s not what he wants to hear. What he wants to hear is:
“Get some sleep, Dean. We’ve got a witness lined up for the morning.” Sam stretches his legs out under the off-white motel sheets, reaches over and flicks off the lamp.
“No luck with that either?” Dean asks, nodding at the stubborn appliance.
Cas’s skin feels warm beneath the single layer of cotton, more raw and real than anything he’d ever felt before through layers of trench coat and suit jacket. He tries not to let his fingers linger, pulling his hand away before leading Cas to the checkout to pay for their clothes.
Dean shrugs. “Salt and burn,” he says. “Easy.”
“Hey, just—c’mere,” he says, pulling Cas down to lie beside him. Their knees are touching through the blanket. Cas pillows his head on his bent arm. Dean slings his arm over Cas’s waist, rubs the fabric of Cas’s shirt between his fingers. “Is this okay?” he asks.
“Three days,” says Cas. “It’s Monday. Early.”
“Dean, give me your phone,” she says, holding out an impatient hand.
—he hasn’t said anything.
Cas looks up at him. “You fell asleep about fifteen minutes ago,” he says.
: : : : :
“Well, what’s it called then?”
It’s been months, now, and Dean can see the changes physically as well as mentally.  God damn, Cas is amazing. So when Dean’s lease is up, and he’s checking out apartment listings online, he messages one to Cas.
“Ugh, how do they live?”
The answer to his happiness, Nora seems to think, lies in finding someone to share his time with. After the first ill-fated time he’d thought she was interested in him, he’s relaxed around her. And after seeing him climb out of Dean’s car in the previous night’s clothes — as Nora had noted with a pointed smile and a whispered “good for you, Steve” — she has infinitely relaxed around him. When she suggests that he try a dating app to meet someone new, he recoils at the thought initially. But Nora is kind, and good, and probably right.
“Here,” she says, tapping the download button on something called Grindr. “Meet someone nice.”
He doesn’t respond to any of them.
“Fuck, fuck, Caaaas—” he whines. “Oh god, ‘m gonna come.”
She ducks under the arm he’s got blocking the doorway. “Well, Jesus, Dean. Don’t make me even later, then.” She slips behind the counter, grabbing an apron and starts taking orders.
, he wants Dean so badly, wants to watch him writhe on the end of his cock—he’s gotten so hard again just from teasing Dean like this, from hearing the sweet sounds that have dropped from his mouth as Cas has thoroughly taken him apart.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Actually, yes, for real. But mostly because you wanted a beach. And so here we are.”
Dean laughs, running his palms over his face. “Oh, boy. Oh, brother. Well, there’s not really a good way out of this, is there? Now I’m on a date with a priest. Amazing.”
Dean knocks on his door just after 10 o’clock. Castiel pulls the front door open, and Dean is standing there, denim and flannel and canvas and smiling almost nervously as Castiel ushers him inside. Dean holds a white box in his hands, which he passes to Castiel as he enters the room.
“Soon,” he says. “God, ‘m close, Cas.”
Dean shrugs. This is just fucking embarrassing. He’s wanted Cas for longer than he’d like to admit, and that kiss had been really something. But that was two days ago, and he doesn’t know where they are now. He doesn’t know where they’ve been.
“So,” he starts. God, what next? He can’t just say ‘come here often?’, because that would be the actual worst.
That hot mouth starts to travel further down his body, and Cas is stopping to bite and lick and kiss every couple of inches as he makes his way south. Dean feels his breath ghosting over the waistband of his boxers, feels Cas hook two fingers in the elastic and tug.
Cas looks taken aback, big blue eyes blinking in disbelief. “Me? Why?”
“And nothing,” says Cas. “We’ve been here. You’ve been here. We’ve been trying to figure out what’s wrong with you.”
His eyes flicker down to Dean’s mouth, which, yeah, Dean’s not gonna pretend he hasn’t seen happening before. He can’t though, he just…It’s Cas, he can’t fuck it up, can’t fuck
“I never realised that taking a dip was such a hazard.”
“Gimme a minute,” Dean says, sitting up and tugging at Cas’s hand. “Just, c’mere…”
Dean is mostly just red-faced, embarrassed as fuck, and concerned about the bruising he’s going to have across his upper thighs.
“I could hear you thinking from inside,” Cas continues. “What’s the last thing you remember?” Cas looks like he’s steeling himself for the answer, bracing for impact.
“It’s hot here,” he notes, already wishing he had some shorts.
“Yes you can,” Cas says, scraping his teeth down the nape of Dean’s neck. “You can, and you will. Come for me.”
He taps on the man’s profile. 20 miles away. Warm smile, dark hair. Brown eyes. Brown, brown, brown.
Now he does nothing. He sits on his stained couch and tries to read a book, or scrolls through the news on his phone without absorbing any of it. He heats tinned ravioli, teaches himself to make a grilled cheese sandwich, eats bland cereal with half-fat milk because sometimes it seems like he can’t let himself have even the smallest pleasure.
doesn’t really know.
is laying open across his chest, and there’s a tepid cup of coffee resting on the bedside table near his head.
His phone pings.
Castiel inhales. “Why can’t I come back with you?” he asks.
The burning in his chest gets worse, deeper as he pulls the door shut behind him, heading out to the Impala. He can feel it in his arms now, starting to make his fingertips twitch. It’s too hot, too much. He jams the key in the ignition, pulls Baby out of the lot with a screech of tires. He heads back the way he assumes he came, back home.
“Thanks, man. You’re good people, Dean,” Manny says. Dean waves him off. “Man’s gotta eat, right? It’s not a problem.”
Online now. 55 miles away. Dean is 55 miles away from him right now.
“I’m connecting with the community and showing my solidarity,” Cas says, with the hint of a smile tugging at his lips.
