Tony pushed the brew button on his coffee maker and mumbled, “I was working on technology for you Katniss. Any more jabs on my appearance and you may never know what it feels like to shoot invisible arrows.”
“Why don’t I go try to coax some sense into Tony?”
“Steve. It’s your turn now!” Peter abruptly stood up and grabbed Steve to give him the same treatment. In a matter of minutes, Steve was also adorning the blue mask.
Bucky stood there, completely frozen. Steve was afraid of him? Of course he was, Bucky was a cold-blooded assassin. He nearly killed Steve when they met again. Even thought Steve assured him that it didn’t matter, and he helped Bucky with all of his nightmares and treatments, he must’ve still been traumatized. He’s terrified of me and I’ve been forcing him to stay around me. Bucky felt like crying. He couldn’t tear his gaze away from his hands, which appeared covered in blood to his eyes.
“Don’t even try to make excuses Rodgers. I guess even America’s golden boy has his problems. Just be grateful I’m giving you a week to move out.”
And that’s how things went. They were affectionate and flirty almost all the time. Their teammates acted disgusted, but they were all secretly happy to see the couple getting along so well. Unexpectedly, they didn’t fight very much. They understood each others ‘work' situations and were pretty good at reading each other. Steve knew how to help Tony through his panic attacks and Tony helped Steve relax and adjust to modern life. Things were going well.
Steve sighed. “I really wish they would stop.”
“There isn’t an ‘under God’ in it.” Steve’s eyebrows furrowed in concentration. “I’ve said it at least half a million times from my younger days. It was definitely correct.”
“The day before we left.” Tony was staring down at the floor. He was ashamed at his rambling, terrified that Peter would reject him now that he knew, and upset that his actions only made Peter worry.
Tony became worried.
“I know how you felt Tony. You don’t want to lose another family. I forgive you. I know I’m not his father anyway so that doesn’t give me the right to argue with you about parenting. I’m sorry I didn’t realize it bothered you when I intruded on your relationship. I promise to -“
“I know you don’t need them Petey. I give them to you because I love you and I want to spoil you. It makes me happy to give you gifts that make you happy. I’m not doing it as some exchange for sex.”
“No, Peter. I’m healthy.”
“It’s fine Dad. I was expecting some pushback anyway since you’re always like this. I forgive you for overreacting. But what you said to Steve...” Peter’s eyes fluttered over to the screen.
Tony quickly shut off his tablet as Steve looked his way. When Steve raised an eyebrow, Tony just shrugged and blurted something about table manners.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve. They stood in silence for a few minutes.
Tony’s mouth felt dry. What would Bucky need to say about Steve?
Tony sighed and pulled out the first aid kit. Steve had sliced his finger chopping vegetables and Tony wanted to make sure it didn’t get infected. Steve sat compliantly in the chair: Tony would’ve, and has, done this if he cut his finger while he was super so it wasn’t special coddling. It was normal coddling.
“For everything. Thanks for listening to my issues and for getting this amazing hotel and for taking time off to spend with me.”
“You aren’t even going to ask what the vibrations are for?” Tony looked at the super soldiers. He was certain that would get a rise out of them. He loved seeing the blush on Steve’s face. Just yesterday, he’d discovered what BDSM was and he went bright red.
“I’ll be there in a second. Stop trying to break my fucking door.” An irritated voice yelled out and suddenly Sam’s face was visible in the doorframe.
There were angry red scratch marks across his back.
But if, like Clint, you had a more serious injury, you were forced to check in at one of the specialized rooms in the medbay which had doctors on call after every mission. Even though the visits were mandatory, most individuals required coaxing from Steve and Bruce or they would ditch treatment. With everyone’s history, they were either too distrustful or doctors, too self-sacrificing, or too proud to go on their own.
Peter went to Steve’s room a couple hours later and apologized profusely. Steve forgave him and assured him that it wasn’t his fault. He explained how he wasn’t big on surprises and he especially hated the cold because what had happened to him. It was actually therapeutic to talk about it with someone else and they both parted feeling much better.
The next evening, they were dining in a resort in Fiji.
Peter chimed in “Are you sure you didn’t just practice a bunch of speeches about integrity or something?”
Around midnight, Peter was still lying in his bed, curled in the fetal position and shaking like there was no tomorrow. His teeth were chattering. He already had the space heater way closer to him than was safely recommended and he was covered in several layers of blankets. “Damn spiders and their inability to thermoregulate.” Peter cursed as he pulled off the blankets and felt the cold air reach him. He was determined to get another layer from the living room. When he snuck to the middle, he saw Steve already there and reaching for the last blanket. Steve quickly turned to see who was behind him and saw Peter intently staring at the blanket in his hands.
“How?” Clint mumbled, thinking about the size of Bucky’s arm.
Tony’s jaw tightened and his hold on the book increased. “What if villains attack you when you’re just out and around town? I don’t know if that’s such a good idea Pete.”
Steve just watched as Tony rambled. When he was done, Steve shook his head. “It’s not really uncomfortable. I can nap on them, but they’re just too soft. It makes me anxious.”
“Of course. I’ll have Pepper schedule you one.”
“Do you-is it...are you upset that I haven’t, you know, ‘put out’ yet?”
Natasha smirked at him knowingly and rolled her eyes when Clint started speaking again. “What’s your type? There are so many female SHIELD agents. Fancy any of them?”
“Tony, what the hell? Don’t say that in front of him?”
Tony’s mouth just gaped open. “It doesn’t affect…you don’t show…”
“Don’t bend it. You’ll break it. Here watch me.” Bruce yelled at Thor, who was stomping on the skis, indoors, without his boots on. Peter and Steve watched as the scientists gave detailed instructions on how to wear the boots and how they would be attached - once they got outside and to the snow.
“-Nope”
“I’m hungry” Clint whined. “Y’all are fine. Let’s go eat something.”
“Well, even though you’ve been persuaded to think otherwise, I don’t think he’s thought this through all the way Steve. He’s going to have to be a superhero forever now, He’s still young. He has a life ahead of him to change and experience. He shouldn’t be tied down by something like this. What if he wants to work in the public sector, but he slipped up as Spiderman and no one will hire him? What if people refuse to befriend him because of the publicity? What if his tongue slips during an answer to the press and they make him out to be an asshole? He isn’t ready.”
Peter nodded, he could see the guilt in Tony’s eyes and trusted him to fix the problem. “Steve just left for a run,” he added before leaving for school.
“Done yet Spidey?” Tony called out, still looking at the TV screen. He’d been caught trying to peek twice before and Natasha threatened to hurt him if he continued disturbing the peace.
“Bucky?!” Tony shrieked as he gaze was pulled away from the blonde’s behind.
Clint came over a plucked a painting of a building from the center. “These are really good Steve.” He admired some of the other drawings. Tony was picking through old photos and admiring his boyfriend in the old military uniforms. Steve was nostalgically rubbing his old dog tags between his fingers.
“It’s just a joke since Steve doesn’t like swearing.” Tony contributed.
“Bucky is his best friend and he struggles with some of the same issues that Steve does regarding the modern world. Those problems are accompanied by a million other problems that came from the Winter Solider. Steve’s introducing him to one of his coping mechanism. You didn’t want to go, taking Bucky helps with his anxiety and his estrangement issues, spending time together helps them reconnect.” Natasha had three fingers up. “Seems like a win-win-win situation for Steve. You get to spend your time in the lab and not bothered by him while he helps and bonds with his friend.”
Before he knew it, he was leaning forward and kissing Steve. It was romantic. He could taste the coffee on his date’s tongue and hear the rain continue to drop. That is, it was romantic until Tony realized Steve was frozen. He had gone completely stiff and he was definitely not kissing back.
The restaurant wasn’t somewhere anyone in the world would expect Tony Stark to visit on his vacation. The outside was rundown and the inside was understaffed. It was located in the middle of nowhere, New Hampshire.
Tony nodded, but for as much as he wanted to hear this, he also needed to make sure Peter didn’t feel forced or obligated to share this private information. “I just want to let you know, you don’t need to tell me anything you don’t want to.”
“If you really missed me, you wouldn’t have run off with another man. Is he younger, prettier, more available?” Tony exploded.
Natasha looked at him with her eyebrow raised. “He didn’t tell you why he went to all those places?”
“Peter, you already checked me for a fever.”
“Happy Birthday to Steve, Happy Birthday to You”
—————
“Good, because that’s the truth. I will never push you to do anything you’re uncomfortable with and don’t let some misconstrued idea of my ‘preferences’ make you feel obligated to do anything.”
Natasha leaned back and smiled. “You’ve finally decided to come clean?”
“You were joking!”
“I feel like I did at least seventy percent of the work keeping myself alive.”
A couple of hours later Bucky and Peter came in to see Clint, Tony, Bruce, and Steve sitting on the living room floor in a pile of stuff. Tony had decided to get all the other boxes driven over from storage. Most of it was propaganda stuff, Steve didn’t own much, but occasionally they would find something meaningful and Steve would tell a story or stare of into space with a slight smile.
“Okay. I guess if you sleep on your stomach soft mattresses aren’t the best, but you should have just told me. I’d get a harder one, or better yet, one of those beds that lets you customize each side. I though the mattress in your room was pretty hard though? The one time we slept there it seemed pretty stiff.”
“I messed up.” Tony agreed. That was an understatement. He had royally fucked up.
“That’s what the vitamins and the corset, I really need to figure out the actual name for that, is for.”
“No, no, no, I’m fine. I already have a lot in my room.”
“Why’d they add it?” Steve was now confused about something else. He’d thought the government got less and less tangled with religion as time passed.
“I’m so sorry Pete. You were right. I was just being a helicopter parent because I get so worried about you all the time. It isn’t an excuse, but I hope you’ll forgive me? I’d be more than happy to help you plan your reveal.”
“Thank you Peter, but it’s fine. I just really don’t like the cold. It reminds me of when I was in the ice.” Steve shuddered.
Peter froze on the spot. The air rushed out of his lungs and he couldn’t seem to manage to get enough back in.
Steve winced a bit. As much as he appreciated the stuff, it was still a little bit weird how obsessed Howard was with him. Tony patted his shoulder in understanding. On their second date, Tony had mentioned how he’d loved Captain America as a child and that he owned lots of posters and action figures. Quickly, he realized Steve’s uncomfortable squirming and convinced Steve to admit that things like that made him feel insecure. It was like all these people were looking up to him as some kind of god and he didn’t think he deserved it. Tony didn’t bring up the subject again for his sake.
“Would I ever say no to that question? Just start running the water for me, would you?”
“Why do you want to do it?”
“I make you feel scared. You were shaking in the kitchen and it’s all my fault. If you can tell me what I did, I promise I’ll fix it. I’ll give you as much space as you need for you to feel…”
Peter slid the seatbelt over his chest while Tony started the car. He smiled when he heard one of his favorite Indie songs. “You aren’t going to change it? I thought everything that wasn’t heavy metal ‘literally damaged your eardrums’?”
“I don’t need them Tony. I just need you,” Peter responded.
It wasn’t long before Tony and Natasha were also wearing masks.
Peter’s heart hurt as he watched Steve’s reaction to the words. He hated that he would just accept Tony’s harsh words as the truth, that he would honestly believe he had no place as part of Peter’s family. It became even more painful when he realized that Steve must’ve been feeling all this while he got up and took care of Peter this morning, but managed to hide it so well.
“Sorry, I’ll stop,” Steve gasped between giggles.
“Who else would I be talking to?”
“I-I...”
“What’s so funny?” Peter smiled upwards.
Tony followed him out of the restroom. They sat down to eat a meal in silence except for Peter asking if the woman got out safely, which the bartender confirmed.  The atmosphere was tense but Tony didn’t want to push Peter into talking. His need to know what happened clashed with his want for Peter to never have to remember whatever trauma it was again.
Tony let Peter cry it out, he murmured reassurances that it wasn’t Peter’s fault, because how could he think that, and that Peter had a great group of supportive people to help him get through this. He corrected Peter when he tried to say that he should be over this by now because it’s been over five years. He stopped Peter from apologizing for ruining the date and for getting tears all over his clothes. He promised that everything was okay and that he wasn’t leaving.
Tony was not calm. The logical part of his brain reasoned that Bucky had known Steve for much longer and had cared for him through all these injuries in the past. He knew that Steve had survived all this during the 30’s, and there were better medications and care available now - especially for someone with the financial means of a Stark.
Tony’s head throbbed at Steve’s blatant concern. His face scrunched up. Here come the waterworks. He somehow managed to shake his head as he choked back a sob.
“And it only got worse from there. Once he realized that he didn’t have to hold his tongue around women anymore, his hatred for modern devices was very clear.”
When he came up to their room, he saw the bathroom door open and the light on. He walked in on Steve putting something in the water. “I prepared a bath for you. It’s got those soothing smells you like and I think it’s cooled down to the right temperature.” He wrung his hands and made a movement like he was going to leave, “I’m um sorry about before. I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable. I can grab a blanket and sleep on the couch if you need some space.” Steve’s head had slowly lowered until it hung anxiously while he awaited a response. Bucky did not like this look.
Tony looked Peter over to make sure he hadn’t woken up when he noticed a dark spot on his lover’s neck.
Peter smiled and went into the bathroom. Tony quickly ordered delivery service from a nearby five star Italian restaurant that was known for its carbonara - one of Peter’s favorite foods. Then he joined Peter in the shower.
Bucky came in a few seconds later, called by JARVIS, “Is he alright? His allergic reactions aren’t usually this severe.”
Bucky looked down at his arm. Near the shoulder was a drawing of muscular golden retriever wearing a collar that had a miniature version of Steve’s shield hanging from it. There was a bald eagle on its back, but the edges of the wings were red and white like Sam’s. Facing away from the dog was a black cat that somehow had a smirk very similar to Natasha’s when she was pleased. There was the marking of a black widow on the cat’s back. Below the cat was a lizard curled around his arm. It had purple patterns atop dark blue skin. There was a black arrow shaped design down its tail. Across from the lizard was an owl with its wings outstretched. It appeared like it was mid-flight and had a distinctive green tint. Lower still was a whale shark whose spots were shaped like lighting bolts. Close-by was a scarlet octopus whose tentacles were encompassed by a thin line of glowing flames.
Clint shrugged it off as Tony’s eccentricities. Natasha raised an eyebrow, but didn’t say anything as she dug back into her meal.
Steve grinned and kissed Tony, who froze. “I like you too.”
“This is sickening.” Clint acted as angry as he could. He spun around to make his exit when he bumped right into a shirtless, sweaty Steve Rogers clad in nothing but running shorts.
Before Steve could even process it, Tony was gone. He felt a little awkward. Making conversation with Tony never seemed this forced or awkward. In fact, he may have had a giant little crush on the man who helped him adjust to the modern world. It wasn’t crazy for Tony to be exhausted though so Steve tried not to think too much about it. Eventually, Peter came back and the boys snuggled up for a good nights sleep.
“Coming?” Peter was looking over his shoulder at Tony with a confused look on his face. The other three were already several yards away, listening to the animated speech of the employee. Tony rushed to catch up with them and see what the commotion was about.
“Hmm? Oh, yeah. It was something like that.” Peter sensed the sadness in Steve’s tone and looked at the couch again. He realized that it had a pillow and proper blankets. Steve hadn’t just fallen asleep after a bout of insomnia. He had chosen to sleep there. Or been forced to.
“Are you going to join me in the shower?”
“Back?” Bucky asked and Steve nodded. “You don’t have to-uh, please.” His train of thought was cut off by Bucky wrapping his hand around his cock and starting to stroke.
“He’s not your son”
He made his way back to his room in a trance.
And then Tony mentioned that party. He felt himself about to boil over so he rushed home.
“Calm down for ten minutes and let us fix ourselves first. You’re going to give me a headache.” Natasha complained.
“Are you hurt? Is something wrong? Friday, what are Peter’s vitals?” Tony shot off a barrage of questions in a panic. Peter didn’t break down easily so something must be seriously wrong. “I need you to talk to me.”
“What?”
“They ground him. The first time I went with him, he told me that it was nice to know that the world hadn’t changed. There are improvements and alterations, but the basic principles stay the same. People still need a bed even if it’s bigger and fluffier and covered in a nicer bedspread than he could’ve ever imagined.”
“What? Why? I’m still dating MJ.”
“Not if they’re the wrong decisions.”
Steve flashed a soft smile, “You don’t have anything to apologize for. You’re the strongest person I know. Remember that I’ve always got your back so you can rely on me if you aren’t feeling great.”
The sound of Tony coughing echoed against the metal walls of the lab.
“So...”
He was shocked out of his tangent when his mind snapped back to the original topic. Steve was with Peter. Apparently, Tony had misread the signs. Steve’s ‘flirting’ was just him being friendly. He shouldn’t of read too much into it. For Christ’s sake, he was eleven years older and nowhere near as muscular as the enchanted superhero. Tony sighed and rolled over. It was going to be a long night.
Tony is overprotective of his son, Peter, and takes it out on Steve. Peter helps mend things.
Yeah, there was something during the war, but that was when he was confident and strong. He had all his limbs and all his memories. He was in control of his mind. Now, Steve had to coddle him. He always protected him from things that made him anxious or scared. He listened to all of his fears. He patiently helped him adjust. Was he doing it because he fell responsible for when Bucky fell off the train? He probably wasn’t actually attracted to this sniveling coward.
Tony felt sick. It must’ve shown on his face because Steve looked at him oddly.
“Oh. OH.” Steve mouth became a perfect circle as he realized what his team was talking about.
“What’s up?”
Tony broke away and jolted back. “You shouldn’t be comforting me. I’m the one who hurt you. Steve, I’m so so so sorry for what I said yesterday in the lab. You and Peter were right. I told him before he left for school his morning that we’d help him with it...if that’s something you’d like to do?”
“I deserve pizza for putting up with this. Tony?” Clint begged “I don’t have any money. Tasha took it all…”
“I just…” Steve was blushing again. “The beds are too soft.”
“I’m not really sure.” Bucky scratched his head. He replaced the bucket near Steve’s head with a clean one and rubbed Steve’s back. Tony cringed for not thinking of that. “We didn’t exactly get tested for that kind of thing, but he usually got a rash around cats and he got sick that one time we ate shrimp. Granted, we were around feral cats and the shrimp we only got because it was old so it might not be allergies. This is definitely a reaction - what’d he eat?”
“It could take a few days or a couple of weeks, I’ll work as fast as I can.”
By the time they were finished catching up, both of the super soldiers were starving so Steve began preparing some pasta for dinner. The pot of water was just over the burner when he noticed that the salt wasn’t in it’s usual spot by the oven. He surveyed the kitchen. It was in front of the microwave, which neither of them used. “Ah ha,” Steve suddenly lunged in the direction to grab what he needed. As he wrapped his hand around the shaker, he noticed Bucky was twitching and had his eyes closed.
“Better than you. You could pass for the Tin Man right now.” Peter was giggling as he teased Clint.
“You knew?” Clint squawked. “Why’d you let Tony and I constant joke about it? You even joined in.”
“Petey, are you planning on wearing those shoes until they completely disintegrate?” Peter lifted his leg and examined his shoes. The soles were coming off, the laces were frayed, there were holes, and the color was faded. “If there’s an accident in the lab, it’s better to ruin these shoes than a nice pair,’ he shrugged. “You realize your boyfriend is a billionaire who could afford enough ’nice shoes’ for you to wear a different pair ever day,” Tony responded, wrapping his arms around Peter’s shoulders, “And you wear them everywhere, not just the lab. Didn’t I just get you a pair of new sneakers? Or are you just trying to offend me with your terrible fashion sense?” Peter turned around and kissed his cheek, “Well if you’re offering to buy, I always think I’d look good in socks and sandals. Oh, and a fanny pack and a bucket hat. I bet I could totally pull off functional fashion,” he said facetiously. Tony winced, “Actually, I appreciate the science shirts from Walmart now. I think you’re gorgeous enough to pull off any look, babe, but I’d rather not test that theory. Though the best look on you is no clothes.” Tony ran his hand on Peter’s inner thigh and pushed him to sit on the counter. Peter willingly obliged and leaned in for a passionate kiss. “Let’s take this to the bedroom,” he gasped. Tony whined as he broke the kiss to jump from the counter and scoop Tony up in his arms. The sandwiches were already forgotten as they made their way to the bedroom.
“Well you aren’t constantly horny anymore.”
“Thank you.” Steve whispered to Tony after exiting the lime light.” He was so grateful for all the times he’d been pulled out of jams like these by the most amazing man he’d ever known.
Tony’s eyes were red and shiny with the brimming of tears.
Now Steve was beet red. He used his hand to straighten his hair and push it back. “I do.”
“You’re looking pretty intently at him Cap. What’s that in your hand?” Clint teased.
“-Nope! I’m going!” Tony cut off Steve and sprinted to the mirror, he wanted to rip off the bandage.
“Right.”
“Nothing.”
Peter clutched his hot chocolate with both hands and excitedly took a big gulp. He got some whipped cream on his nose which Tony got for him when he gave him a little peck. He reached for the remote and paused the movie.
“Yeah, you just like to look.” Tony settled into a lawn chair nearby. “You know, things are different in the modern world, but there are much cooler things I could show you. You don’t have to spend your Saturday in a Bed Bath & Beyond.”
He couldn’t help but notice some strange glances on his way out.
“It was just some water. I overreacted. That wasn’t very heroic, or Captain America like, so I get that you aren’t attracted to me anymore. Once you get to know me I’m kind of….disappointing. Everyone wants the war hero, but I’m only Steve Rodgers. Um, again, sorry you had to see that.” Steve spun on his heels to rush out of the lab. His eyes were red with unshed tears. God, he really was pathetic.
“Have you shared that information with Steve?”
The team became Peter’s family and he loved his two dads more than anything in the whole world.
Tony finds out a dark part of Peter’s past.
“-Sorry Peter, I thought this was Steve’s-“
Steve’s eyes widened as he contemplated the situation before him. “What did I even do?” He said softly. “You wouldn’t even let me explain myself Tony. You didn’t trust me and you didn’t give me a chance to fix any problem I caused. How could you throw me out like I was nothing? Do you even love me?”
“Mmhm. Are you okay?”
“I don’t know. I invited myself on the first trip because I thought he was just going to pick up something really quick. When we stayed for a while, I thought he was just fascinated by modern conveniences so I offered to show him more interesting modern inventions. I’m confused. He doesn’t blink an eye at my iron suit but comforters are fascinating?”
He took a few calming breaths before entering the tower. “Times have changed. Being gay is socially acceptable,” repeated in his mind, but it was still a little difficult to internalize. He really needed to apologize to Tony.
“Well, I wanted to say that... I came here so that I could... I’m a giant idiot and I’m so sorry. I never meant to...Stevie I’m so so so sorry. I jumped to conclusions and I hurt you and I ignored you. I know you wouldn’t cheat on me. I was just so mad and jealous and insecure. I lashed out and you didn’t deserve it. I understand if you never want to see me again. Just let me know.” Tony’s eyes drifted down to a speck on the wood floor. “I know I have no right to ask this, but is there any way you would be able to try again? I’ll do everything to make up for this. I’ll be the best boyfriend that’s ever existed. I just don’t want to lose you.” Tony dropped to his knees as he begged Steve for a second chance.
“-I can always make time for you. Let’s leave to night.” Tony hastily cut in.
“Here is Captain America, leading us in the Pledge of Allegiance.”
**BTW, after rereading one of my works, I thought I should probably warn you guys that none of my pics are beta read. Hell, I don't even reread some of them. I just write whatever comes to my head and *post*. Feel free to point out errors. Hopefully they aren't too annoying.
“It’s alright. The invitation still stands if you want to join us. Don’t feel obligated or anything though,” Steve continued as Tony sat down next to him, “Would you really be that upset if Peter and I were dating? I mean, I didn’t really get to know him until you and I made up. By then he was what, nineteen?”
Tony stood speechless as his baby whimpered in the shower and moved to wrap himself in a towel. “What?”
Tony just lay on his back, staring into the ceiling. He should leave. He knew he should leave. He shouldn’t stay with a partner who cheats. That was common sense.
Peter and Steve made dinner together as Tony set up a game for them to play together. The night was spent laughing and cuddling. None of them could ask for a better night.
“It is currently 11:47.”
“Really? They didn’t want Captain America staring at someone’s dick all over the U.S.? I’m shocked. Was he hung or what? Your stare is pretty intense there.”
Steve lumped onto his mattress and the dog was immediately in his la. “You’re a little troublemaker, aren’t you boy?”
“Wait, I wasn’t trying to shame you or whatever. I just meant that you seem to have a preference for a more physical relationship.”
“Surprise me.”
Bucky grinned mischievously at Steve’s recognition.
The next day, Steve discovered that Tony had revoked his privileges to enter the lab or master bedroom or any of the communal areas. He could only go to his room or outside. He spent the entire day leaving messages for JARVIS to pass on, but based on the radio silence, he assumed Tony was deleting them.
“Thanks.” Steve muttered a bit sarcastically.
“Really?” Steve looked absolutely wrecked in the best way, but Tony noticed the flash of uncertainty in his eyes. They’d been dating for almost two months, and Steve had admitted that he was worried about pleasing Tony because he was inexperienced in bed.
“Tony, it’s the middle of winter. I already get colder than normal because of these spider powers. Where and why exactly would I want to go swimming?”
That snapped him out of it. “I’m. I thought. You know that alien stuff is making you horny?”
Peter headed toward the sand. He couldn’t tell what was bothering Tony and it was worrying him. Fortunately, Tony followed and he seemed content to cuddle up with Peter on their blanket.
Tony stared in shock.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “It took you forever to agree.”
Maybe I should come upstairs for coffee more often.
“Damn Rogers…”
Steve cut him off with a wave of his hand. “I know.”
Steve? Of course it wouldn’t be Mr. Rogers anymore. Tony winced while Natasha and Sam raced down the slopes.
“Steve?”
And Tony believed her. She could read anyone like an open book.
“I love swinging from skyscrapers, but this is much prettier.” Peter grinned before rushing inside. The interior was amazing as well. The owners had done a great job at incorporating that antique look into the five star establishment.
“Also,” Bucky clenched his fist, “this is Steve whether you like it or not. He might be America’s sweetheart when he’s got the serum, but he’s so much more than the serum so if you don’t love him without it then you honestly don’t love him with it. I won’t hold back if you treat him like garbage while he’s like this and then do a 180° as soon as Bruce reverses the issue.”
“Peter, those people were all one night stands. We had sex and split off because they weren’t interesting to me in other ways. You’re already so perfect to me without sex in the equation. I love so much more about you than I ever did them. The relationships are incomparable.” Tony reaches over to rub Peter’s cheek.
“I shall go first.” Thor proclaimed as he stepped up to the mirror. His body was soon covered in a spiral of thin blue smoke. The smoke wafted out and the mirror began to glow. A creature that the rest of the team couldn’t recognize emerged through the frame. Thor froze for a moment before lunging at the thing. It jumped back and taunted him, showing him imagines of it killing his brother, then his mother and father, then ravaging his kingdom. Thor’s expressions became devastated for a millisecond before hardening into determination. He stabbed the creature with one powerful thrust and it retreated to the mirror, which glowed again, before revealing an empty frame which Thor stepped through.
Tony futilely attempted to throw himself into the new spy technology for Nat and Clint, but everything in the lab reminded his of Steve. The cute sketches of him and the robots, the sticky notes with reminders to eat and sleep, the upgraded Captain America suit in the corner - they all shot pain through his chest.
Tony didn’t have super sight so he couldn’t see the figure, but he damn well recognized that voice. “Steve? J, turn on the lights to the lowest setting.”
“I’d love to go on a date with you.”
“Do you think you could sled on your shield?” Peter called out whilst going down the slope backwards.
“Maybe he doesn’t want to mix religion and politics.”
At that realization, Tony immediately pulled back to see what was wrong. It wasn’t like that was their first kiss together. Tony saw fear flash across Steve’s eyes and before he could even ask about what had happened, Steve was exiting the coffee shop.
Steve looks away.
“You spent like an hour sketching this guy and you can’t even remember what he looked like? He’s probably rolling in his grave.” Bucky laughed.
“He had a peanut butter sandwich about three hours ago but that wouldn’t cause anything. We were just...” Tony explained the story. He still had the antiseptic wrapper in his pocket and one glove on. The nurse straightened up as she got an idea.
Everyone was too busy daydreaming about their snowy destination that they didn’t notice the sullen gracing Steve and Peter’s faces.
“They were marketed as beauty products or medicine, but yeah. Not as many types as nowadays though.” Steve explained.
“Um, it wasn’t that hot. Guys, what’s wrong?”
“Why haven’t we slept together?” Tony blurted out. “I haven’t been pushing it because I thought inexperience or embarrassment would be at play, but it seems like neither of those apply. Do you just not want to be with me?” His voice grew soft.
“My feelings aren’t a valid enough reason? And you know I’m not after the fame. I just want to be free to who I am and not keep these secrets any more. I am ready. Will you ever stop thinking of me as that fourteen year old kid you first met? I’m older, smarter, and more mature. I can make my own decisions and I’d hope you would support them.”
Tony resolved to get the best doctor he could find to be on standby at all times. He also pulled up Steve’s file from before the serum and committed each disease to memory.
“That is correct sir. You and Mr. Rogers have come into contact with a foreign substance which makes the victim feel a strong urge to perform the act of intercourse. It is absorbed through the skin. The compound will be released and deactivated in sexual fluid.”
Peter looked up at him, his lip trembling just a little, “The party…journalist….sugar baby.” He tried to choke out words, but they weren’t making any sense. Tony guided him to the bed and let Peter cry into his shoulder. “Peter, I love you too. I’m not leaving. Did something happen? Are you hurt or sick?” He rubbed his boyfriend’s back and reassured him that he wasn’t going anywhere. Eventually, Peter calmed down, “I’m not dating for your money.” “Of course not,” Tony sternly replied, “How did that idea get into your head?”
“Tony?”
This meant that Steve’s best friend was slowly integrating into the team. Natasha and Steve were the first to fully welcome him. They introduced him to some aspects of modern life and explained team dynamics. Peter, amazed with his metal arm, quickly warmed up to the ex-assassin and became his training buddy in a class taught by Clint. Frequent visits to Tony’s lab resulted in a warm friendship between Bucky and Tony. Sam maintained a teasing competition with Bucky for the title of Steve’s BFF. Everyone else realized what a nice guy Steve’s friend was and in the blink of an eye, he was a member of their family.
—————
Steve sleeps on the floor. Tony doesn’t know.
“I think it’s pretty simple. You buy them and you use them. You’re a science man - you probably actually know how they work. What’d need Stevie’s explanation for?”
“Yep, Stevie would filter his words in front of his commander and around children and dames. Sorry, women. If he was around close friends or in a bar though...”
The next day consisted of a lazy morning and a road trip with several stops at cheesy tourist spots. Peter felt like a weight had been lifted off his chest. Tony loved him - flaws and all. He only hoped to  bring the same happiness and confidence in Tony that Tony did to him.
“We both aren’t great at it Tony. It’s nice to learn together.”
“Come on it wasn’t even bad.”
Steve’s experience with past homophobes causes him to freak out when Tony initiates PDA.
Peter trembled a bit as he made his way to the bathroom. He splashed some water on his face. When he turned around, he saw that Robert had followed him in. “You’re deluding yourself if you think Stark will keep you around forever. You should grow a brain and start looking for your next Daddy before this one throws you out in the cold, all alone.” Peter tried to defend himself, but the man kept rattling off about Tony’s old partners and how long they had lasted. Peter’s mind started to wander.
“Oh, Steve...” Clint said dumbly at he stared up at the blonde.
The next morning, Tony woke up to an empty bed. He was a bit disappointed. Yeah, he knew Steve didn’t need as much sleep as a regular human, and he was in the habit of waking up at an ungodly early hour in the morning, but it’d still be nice to wake up to a warm body, especially since that body belonged to Steve. He was so head over heels for the man, he could barely believe it. When Steve smiled, he could just…
Peter queuing up the next movie while Tony made hot chocolate. He made sure to add a tower of whipped cream to Peter’s. He brought them back and placed them on the coffee table as he situated himself under the blanket again.
“Hey, Steve. Did you get hurt?” Tony whispered, because for as worried as he was, he couldn’t think of any battle incidents that would’ve caused serious injury, and he knew Steve secretly hated medical.
“I was the world’s most deadly assassin. I think you have a little more faith in my fighting abilities, doll.”
“Hello, it’s Steve Rogers. I’m really sorry for whatever I did to hurt you Tony. I honestly didn’t mean it. All I ever wanted to do was making you happy, but I guess I’m just a giant failure. Don’t worry, I’m packing up my stuff and moving out tonight. I’ll be out of your hair. I’ll still always have your back in the battlefield Tony. I know you don’t trust me, but maybe you can trust Captain America. Steve Rodgers was never enough anyway.”
“Oh, Stevie. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable. Ever since I came out as bisexual to the public, I’ve never tried to hide any relationships. I didn’t really think about how you’d feel. Sometimes I forget you’ve only been here for less than a decade.”
The mission was a success and the monsters were corralled. Steve was just coming out from a long, hot shower when he saw Bucky in his pajamas. Steve sat on the edge of the bed and waited for his lover to join him.
Tony hesitantly granted him access and tensely waited for the rage directed his way.
Memorial Day is a holiday honoring soliders who lost their lives fighting for our country. It’s somewhat of a large thing, but unless you are in or know someone in the military, most people don’t really do anything about it.
Steve crept downstairs to avoid disturbing the others. At the bottom, he noticed a soft glow in the hallway coming from the room. I thought the TV was broken? He silently walked over and put his face just barely around the corner. Natasha and Clint had a news channel up.
Steve gave a slight nod. He was a little frustrated though. He wasn’t trying to make a stand or bash anyone’s belief in God. Why would he choose a memorial ceremony for his fallen brethren to do that anyway? That’s disrespectful and unlike him. When he wants to make a stand, he always does it during post-fight interviews or press conferences.
Tony reacted immediately. He scooped Steve up and flew back to the tower, shaking off the powder as he went. They were then sent to high powered emergency showers.
His brooding was interrupted by a whistle echoing off the snowy mountain peaks accompanied by a large object whizzing right toward them.
“Apparently, that part wasn’t added until 1954. So Steve wouldn’t have ever said the new version.”
Natasha stared into his eyes. “He doesn’t mind it. In fact, I think he liked some of the teasing. It’s another way of providing normalcy. It’s better if you guys are ribbing each other and cracking jokes than standing in somber silence. If you acted like you pitied him or faked enthusiasm you didn’t feel, he would’ve been uncomfortable taking you because your mood would make him feel the need to apologize or awkwardly make it better.”
Life went on. There were two more instances where Steve disappeared, but they were easily forgotten soon after the fact. Tony never got the chance to ask. He trusted Steve so he wasn’t concerned. The second time, Tony was about to ask, but Steve had abruptly asked if he was alright with how much time he spent with Bucky.
“JARVIS, take me to the floor Steve is on.”
Besides avoiding physical contact, Tony was acting especially attentive. Steve didn’t want to complain - having a boyfriend fuss over you and your every need wasn’t exactly the end of the world - but it was getting strange. Steve wasn’t even sick. Well, he was sick in some sense of the word, but only the same chronic illnesses he always lived with. He wasn’t injured or infected.
When Tony woke up, the digital clock by his bed read 7:00am. He closed his eyes and pulled the comforter higher over his body contentedly. His only plans that day were to sleep in till at least 10:00. He pulled Steve close to him as well.
“Could you hand me the screwdriver with the orange handle and all the adjustable top pieces.”
“He went with you?” Tony was a little shocked. He also wasn’t sure how he felt about Steve not inviting him to go with anymore. He understood. He’d never exactly been enthusiastic about the outings and he made that perfectly clear, but it would still be nice to be considered.
Steve nodded.
And Tony knew he was telling the truth.
The speaker announced that everyone may be seated and dismissed Steve. He decided to go back to the service he had originally been at. Even though everyone else was physically much older than himself, he had more in common with them.
“Hey Tony, it’s Steve. You probably could already see that I guess. Can we talk about whatever this is? I don’t know what you’re thinking, but I promise I was never unfaithful to you. Love you. Please call me back.”
“It’s Howard’s old stuff.”
“What?” Peter looked utterly lost.
“With who?”
But the emotional side, the side that was currently winning, had other ideas. Tony was facing his work, but his mind was somewhere else. Black and white images of Steve suffering in a cold, cramped apartment followed by Steve coughing up blood and clutching his heart in the medical wing followed by terrible thing after terrible thing flooded his imagination.
Peter was grateful for the fact that no one would suspect that Tony would stop-in at such a joint because it meant they had more privacy than usual. Tony was always good about choosing secluded spots for their dates because he knew the fans and paparazzi made Peter uncomfortable, but more often than not one or two super fans would find ways to sneak in. Tony hadn’t been noticed, or at least confronted, yet today so the boys got to enjoy some relaxing time together.
“All good here. Head to medical once you're finished up.”
“Yep. Just dislodged a wire. I’ll be able to fix it in less than a minute.” Then, feeling the vibrations against his arm, Tony had a thought. “Do you want your hand to vibrate? I’m sure the ladies would appreciate it.”
“He saved my ass once and I owed him a favor. He knew about my artist skills and asked for a drawing to send back to his lady. His hand was covering the naughty parts.”
“Want to come back to the tower?” Tony gestured to Peter. “I’ll call a car for us.” Peter nodded, “sorry for doubting you.”
“So you’re not even dating? Is this a fuck-buddies thing? Does MJ know?”
“You’re breaking up with me?” Steve’s tone was flat. He was in too much shock to even process the situation.
“Captain America: An Atheist?”
“This is my stop. My boyfriend’s a real grump about medical.” Bucky wagged his fingers teasingly and turned to climb the stairs to medical.
Hope flashed across Steve’s featured for a millisecond before he squashed them with a mask of stony indifference. “Sorry, did I accidentally take something of yours? Do you want the suit back? It’s all yours.”
It was so natural. Both men were so nonchalant about it. Steve even grinned at Tony before turning his attention back to the page.
“Ah” Steve yelped as Tony immediately began to apologize and helped Steve pull his shirt off and over his head. As soon as he was free of the sopping clothing, he reached for a dishcloth to wipe the mess on the floor. When he stood back up, he realized no one was speaking.
“How? He doesn’t swear in the tower.” Tony was thinking back through his interactions with Steve. There were a few times a curse word had slipped out and Tony would immediately tease him about it. He thought it was a cute inside joke.
Peter picked up a marker and slowly started to draw an intricate pattern around his finger. His head jerked up like he got an idea and he grinned. “You can’t look until it’s finished.”
“I don’t know - didn’t really ever think about it too much. I guess that you trained and thought about the flag or something...” Sam was clearly teasing.
Steve paused for a minute.
Warning: Mentions of Past Trauma (Being Frozen)
“Nah, they only wanted me for PR strategizing, which I’m not good at anyway. I decided to work from my laptop on Monday and Tuesday. C’mon and buckle up so we can get going.”
Sorry for the longer break before this fic - I enjoyed my Labor Day Weekend and I Hope most of you got a chance to as well. Also, as school is starting up again and I’m a busy college student, my works probably won’t be updated as often or they might be shorter. I’ll do my best though!
He got a bit of the red powder on his face because his faceplate was up. Steve, on the other hand, was covered with the stuff.
“Everything alright?” Steve glanced up from his sketchbook with concern.
A fucking alien. Clearly, the universe never wanted any of the Avengers to ever relax so they spent most of their vacation day fighting off slimy creatures from another realm. To make matters worse, a blizzard started up near the tail end. Steve, Peter, and Tony were forced to spend the night in a cabin near the top of the mountain while the others, who had fought near the bottom, successfully found their cabin. At least the cell service worked so they were able to contact each other and Fury about the situation.
Steve just glanced at Natasha and casually said, “Nat and I have a lot of long missions together. Good stress relief. I really need to go though.” He started stepping toward the doorway.
Steve handed him a cup of coffee. “Did you even sleep last night?”
Peter and Steve glanced at each other. They were both unwilling to give away the other’s secret.
“Stevie’s sicknesses. I’m speaking louder than normal because he’s kinda deaf, the ‘medical corset’ is for the scoliosis, and the vitamins replace the liver juice he used to drink because he was anemic. He also has stomach ulcers, heart problems, asthma, high blood pressure, and a generally shitty immune system. On top of all that, there’s the one thing that’s probably fatal.”
“I’m sorry Sir, but I’m afraid I can’t-“
“Have you been dating?” Steve directed his attention at Bucky. His voice didn’t reveal a negative or positive connotation, just surprise. Bucky hadn’t really been interested in dating since he’d been unfrozen. He was still nervous about getting triggered and he needed some time to figure out who he was apart from HYDRA’s conditioning. Hell, he didn’t even have all of his memories back. There were still moments when someone mentioned something and a very specific memory would flood his brain.
Suddenly the lump sprung into the air. The rush of air was almost audible with how fast it moved.
“He explicitly told me he didn’t want to see you right now. You shouldn’t of broken up with him if you still wanted him.”
Bucky nodded silently. In a minute, she was back and helping him coat his arm in a glossy spray.
Peter moaned when he took the first bite of food, “This is literally the best thing I’ve ever tasted.” The others all hummed in agreement and pointedly looked away from the ridiculous list of prices.
“So you just let them think you never swore?”
He did get a lot and JARVIS didn’t have extensive information on the alien substance.
“What?” Tony’s face well “Why did he...?”
“What ‘things’?”
Clint burst from around the corner, looked around the room, and started firing grapes at the rest of the team with a slingshot. He hit each of them squarely in the middle of their mouths. “Clint - 3, Avengers - 0” He held both arms up in a victory pose and spun in a circle.
“Yeah, the communists were supposably ‘godless’ so they made sure to become extra religious here to prove they weren’t communist.”
Steve trembled a bit before blushing at Tony.
“Yeah we’ve been dating for the better part of a century. Are you going to join or keep satisfying yourself over there in the corner?” Bucky’s question pulled him from his trance and he realized that once again, he was masturbating.
Peter peppered kisses along Tony’s jawline in between his words.
“Nope, I think it should be the Captain. Everyone knows the Avengers are afflicted with us anyway.” Tony quickly cut in. He was still a bit wary of water even though he didn’t have the arc reactor anymore. Plus, a wet Steve would be… To bad he had to be in the waterproof Captain America gear and not just a white T-shirt.
Tony’s mind drifted to images of Steve’s pink cheeks. He purposely made more jokes around the man because of that adorable expression. It was one of many faces that Tony couldn’t get enough of - Steve laughing at his favorite sitcom, Steve intensely staring at his unfinished artwork, Steve giving the puppy dog eyes to try and convince the team to participate in an activity, Steve scolding Clint for reckless behavior, Steve fussing over Tony’s small injuries, basically any expression Steve made.
Peter was nervous, but his curiosity got the best of him. “JARVIS, can you please show me any footage of an argument between Steve and Tony yesterday?”
“Captain America can’t be a damn heathen.”
“You don’t embody any true American ideals. You should be ashamed of yourself.”
“Nonsense, I’m hungry too. I usually get up around this time anyway, you know that.”
“What’s that?” Tony’s heart started pounding. That list of illnesses was daunting enough, what could make it worse?
Peter grinned in relief. If Captain America couldn’t ski either, he’d be fine.
Love you guys!!
“Stevie and I ran into this dame one night during our nighttime wandering and she took us back to that hotel. Except for it wasn’t no hotel back then.”
“Why Howard?”
He rushed into the room and flipped on the lights. Peter’s eyes squinted shut and he groaned as he adjusted his head away from the brightness. Tony dimmed them and checked his watch. It was really late. He should’ve checked beforehand.
“The boots make everyone walk weird like that.” Natasha supplied “It’ll be much better once we’ve got the skis on.”
“Mr. Stark?”
“You gonna spill the beans or what?” Tony quipped.
“Everything is fine.” Natasha assured him. She had a smug grin on her face. “More than fine, Clint owes me $50.” She held her hand out toward him as he fished his wallet out of his backpack.
After the morning fiasco, nothing was different. Tony convinced Steve to have a morning quickie with him and then headed to his workshop. Steve ran and got some groceries, excitedly marveling at how he didn’t get recognized, and then joined Tony, sketchbook in hand.
“Okay, you don’t have to talk about it. I just want you to know that I’m here if you need me for anything. I’m not leaving unless you want me to.” Tony did his best to try and keep his voice calm to hide his concern.
Now it was Steve’s turn. He approached with perfect military posture, ready for any challenge. The mirror opened with a frosty gust of wind that gave Steve goosebumps. An unintimidating woman stepped out in weird shiny clothes. “Hello Steve Grant Rogers. Welcome to SHIELD 2.0. The year is 2206. You’ve been asleep for nearly two centuries.” Steve gasped and looked around the room in a panic. When he extended his arm to touch her, she morphed into Bucky. He grinned at Steve in a sickening way and opened his mouth to speak. Steve stiffened, and, knowing what the figure was about to say, forced himself to shut it up with a kiss. The mirror opened and he was greeted by the other three team members.
“Got it J” Tony moaned. He jerked back at the sound of his voice.
“Aren’t we all.” Tony sighed as he grabbed his bag and stood up to exit the plane. “JARVIS eta on food?”
Tony turned to look - down - at Steve. The younger man was picking at his hands and forcing himself to meet Tony’s gaze.
So, the boys had gotten in the car and driven to the shop. The inside of the shop was warm and surprisingly homey. The lights were dimmed and there was a wide selection of seating choices ranging from wooden chairs for focusing to squishy booths near the window. After Tony ordered ‘the usual’ and suggested a drink for Steve to try, they sat down on the soft seats next to the largest window. It was comforting to watch the raindrops stick and then drizzle down the glass. The sound of water on the roof was relaxing white noise, just loud enough to be heard, but not enough to be obnoxious.
He speaks French? Tony thought as he watched the sight. That is so sexy. His mind momentarily drifted to laying in his penthouse bed. Steve was right above him, whispering dirty things in French. He leaned toward Steve’s face and...
“He and Mr. Barnes left in jogging attire. He said he would be making a few stops and to inform you not you worry. ‘Hey Tony, I’m going out today. I’ll be back before six. I left some sandwiches in the fridge. Please eat. I love you.’” JARVIS played back Steve’s request.
I’ve been traveling before school starts so that’s my excuse for the slow updates. Too bad I get carsick when I read or write in the car or I’d probably have been able to finish them sooner. Blame my inner ear if you need to blame something.
“So, what happened back in the bar.”
“Bucky is so much better than me at this though, he wouldn’t have-“
It’d been like this for three days now. Tony refused to touch Steve. It obviously had something to do with being deserumed and it was making Steve uneasy. He thought they’d already gotten over that: Tony clearly hadn’t had an issue with it the first day.
“Do they really need all of us?” Tony asked nervously.
“I know you don’t have a cold, but are you really sick? Like really, really sick?” Peter’s voice wobbled and his lip trembled. “Are you going to, are you gonna...”
“No. Of course not. I’m very attracted to you.” Steve wrapped Tony in a hug. “You have no idea how hard it is to control myself around you sometimes. I just haven’t ever really been in a relationship. I didn’t really know when it was appropriate to. And you weren’t pushing so…”
“Not today. I actually came to talk to you about Steve.”
“We didn’t have to double up Mr. Stark. It just happened. I can leave if you need to talk in private.”
“I get cold really fast and it’s difficult to get warm again. Steve is like a giant furnace.”
“I know sweetheart, but I can’t help it. I’m Captain America and I know you still worry.”
“Steve and I will go down slow this time so feel free to speed ahead,” Peter called out cheerfully.
“Hey, I’m an adult! And no way.” Peter exclaimed.
Tony checked his watch. It was now five. Where was Steve? He didn’t mention anything about work or other plans today.
“Your lips! They’re blue.” He exclaimed. “Is your heater not working? How many blankets do you have? I have some extra in my room that I could do without.”
Hi, guys!
“I know what that hotel was!” Bucky’s head suddenly jolted up like a lightbulb had gone off in his brain.
Tony leaned back against the handle and closed his eyes. When he walked into the room that night, Steve was so happy. He was practically beaming to have Tony home. He was probably going to share the news about him getting a puppy and give that pouty face that was irresistible to Tony. Why hadn’t he trusted Steve? Why hadn’t he given him a moment to speak?
Eventually, Steve was ready to interview. Everything went smoothly. After the reporter realized this was a mundane mistake, he wasn’t thirsting for juicy questions and wrapped it up quickly.
So was it the time he spent working? Was he spending too much time away? Tony didn’t even like working unless it was in the lab, which also meant spending time with Peter. Whenever Tony was in his lab, Peter usually followed. He would nap on the couch along the wall, work on his own project, or just sit in the corner with his own thoughts.
Tony muttered about scientific inaccuracies. Steve and Bucky had questions. Clint made stupid comments. Tonight was no exception.
Everyone looked at him with varying degrees of confusion.
—————
“No, I’m fine.”
“Aw, did I offend the good Captain? It’s the 21st century buddy, you’re going to have to get used to a bit of-”
Pepper seemed to think for a moment before muttering, “That might actually be a good idea. We still have money in our charity fund to be donated before the end of the fiscal year and it’d be good publicity. I’ll talk to you later Peter.” She smiled and waved at the high schooler  as she dragged Tony by his collar. Their breakup had been amicable and both parties were relieved that they could maintain their friendly dynamic. Although, in situations like this, Tony often wondered if it’d be better if she was nervous around him. Then he wouldn’t have to deal with this ’take care of yourself’ by ‘eating’ and ’sleeping’ and ‘doing your work’ business.
“Steve?” Tony murmured in his boyfriends ear as he snuggled closer. “I’m so grateful that you came into my life.” Steve made a sleepy noise of acknowledgement and understanding. “You’ve made every part of my life better and I can’t imagine life without you. I love you.” Steve wrapped his arms tighter around Tony and mumbled a broken attempt at “I love you too.” Tony grinned and curled his head onto Steve’s chest. “Goodnight.”
“I know I’m not always great at communication, but I’ll try to share as much as I can with you - not the stuff that you could just find online, but the real me. Sweetheart, I want you to be able to tell me if anything is ever bothering you.”
Tony stood on his tiptoes to kiss Steve on the cheek. “I got you a surprise babe!” Steve grinned and took the box from Tony. Clint rolled his eyes. “Can’t you guys flirt somewhere else. It’s only been three weeks and I’m pretty sure I’m this close to getting diabetes.”
“I forgot something in the bathroom.” Peter spat out an excuse as he rushed back into the restroom.
Peter checked his phone.
Bucky snorted. “Hurt him?”
“It’s like a mirror image. Maybe he’s a relative?” Steve suggested
“-because I was tied up.” Bucky interjected “You were watching for them constantly.”
“I don’t know about that, but I’m coming back here. Thanks for showing me.” Steve turned to the volunteer coordinator at the shelter, “I’ve cleaned the litter boxes. What do you need me to do next?”
Tony flashed Steve a smile and leaned down to passionately kiss him. “I was just trying to wrap my brain around this whole thing - trying to convince my brain that Doom’s bot only deserumed you and didn’t secretly injury you.”
“No that’s not-“
“Never said I was.”
Peter ran into the lodge and emerged with the shield in hand. Steve undid his own skis. In a few hours, Bruce and Natasha would find them, covered in snow and laughing hysterically as they made increasingly bigger jumps. At least they didn’t have to worry about breaking the ‘sled’ and their bodies would heal from any bruises in no time. The four of them were still going at it when everyone else came down for dinner. Again, they were like family as they ate and chatted. They even made s’mores in the fireplace.
“Mm. Tony?” The man slurred.
“Don’t ever tell me that story again.” Clint glared at him. “I wish Tony made these hearing aids with a quick release.”
And how could Tony refuse anything Steve said with that beautiful smile across his face?
As Tony and Peter discussed what to say and how to silently approach him, Steve nodded off. Waking up so early to run meant that he liked taking afternoon naps when he could. The next thing he knew, he was woken up to a rush of cold water.
“And to think I thought you were a good role model...” Tony added. “We should play cards sometime though.”
“Tony, stop talking.” Steve raised his voice just enough to cut through Tony’s spiral. “I want to sleep with you. I like sleeping in the same room as you. You don’t snore and I don’t think you move around much. I would sleep on the floor in my own room anyway.”
“Wait, so you actually didn’t know which one I asked for? Didn’t I say orange?”
Steve approached the door and sighed. He knocked a couple of times before Tony ordered JARVIS to unlock the door. “Hey, Tony.” Steve waited for the man to turn around and face him.
Steve gave a lopsided grin. “I might not be a genius like Tony, but that seems like sound logic to me. I’m sure he’s just worried about you getting stuck in this line of work once you’ve officially revealed yourself, but I think he needs to remember that you’ve been doing this for enough years to commit. And Peter, you are a part of the team. Even if the press doesn’t recognize you, you’re an important part of our operation. We couldn’t do what we do without your quick thinking and your genius and your kind heart. Trust me, I know how it feels to think that everything special about you comes from an accident, but let me tell you, that isn’t true at all. You’re an amazing kid all by yourself. The spider bite just made that fact more visible.”
The AI, with no orders to block this showing, quickly pulled up the workshop on screen. Peter watched as the relatively tame conversation started up. He could practically feel the tension growing before it exploded courtesy of Tony.
Then there were more moans. He heard a whine and the sound of the bed rocking.
“I only packed a backpack and my suit is hanging in the backseat, I don’t exactly need anyone to come and carry anything.”
Once Tony steps inside and closes the door, Peter sighs with relief and sinks into the bed. “S,S,Sorry, Tony,” he manages to stutter out. “Don’t apologize.” Tony rubs his back in a soothing way, “Can you tell me what’s wrong?”
After the ceremony, he came home, changed, and showered. Downstairs, Tony and Natasha were playing chess while Clint made dinner. Peter was working on a science project with Bruce’s help.
Not long ago, they had been divided. They had fought to the point of causing serious harm and had left believing that they would never repair their broken relationships. Somehow, the impossible had occurred and they were all back safely living in the tower together. There were still tender subjects, but as Tony watched the expressions on his teammates faces brighten, he felt content at how far they’d come. He didn't mind spending a ridiculous amount of money on fireworks if it made his friends, scratch that, his family happy.
His head whipped around as his enhanced hearing picked up the sound of clicking by the door. He stood up in an offensive stance and walked around a corner that would allow him to see the door, but where the attacker couldn’t see him. Once he recognized the blonde hair of his boyfriend, his tension melted away and he ran up to give him a hug. “You weren’t supposed to be back for three days.” Bucky gave him a once over to check for injury. Steve was remarkably unharmed and he let out a sigh of relief before pulling Stve back into his tight embrace.
“JARVIS, where is Tony?” Steve stared up at the ceiling expectantly. “He is in the workshop,” the robot responded, but surprisingly it sounded slightly colder than usual.
“You’re not-“
Thanks!
“He freaked out and told me I shouldn’t do it. He said I was too young to thing about the consequences and that I was only doing it for the fame. Is he ever going to see me as an adult?”
Peter grabbed Tony’s hand, and Tony let him. “It was just a misunderstanding.”
“You saw me. I was there among Thor’s family dying and Clint being abused and Tony killing everyone. Stevie, you can’t lie to me. The mirror proves that you’re scared of the monster I’ve become.”
Could you do a Starker where someone has sexually assaulted (minor assault or not it's up to you) Peter in the past and Tony doesn't know but then he finds out when Peter freezes when someone makes a lewd comment. Then he does sweet things like making Peter hot chocolate, buying gifts, and always calling him sweet names like darling, honey, etc.
. His brain screamed at him to accept the offer. Actually, maybe that wasn’t his brain, but something was screaming at him. But he couldn’t do that, could he? He wasn’t a relationship wrecker. They were just offering because he was ‘sick’ right?
“Well, you have been avoiding him.”
“I believe you.”
“For what?”
“You’re not a virgin?” Tony finally spat out.
“Okay.” Tony was still a little disappointed that he hadn’t whole heartedly supported Steve’s weird coping, but he knew there was no way he could’ve known. Natasha’s talk made him feel much better.
“Plus, Bucky isn’t perfect. When he first started helping me with things, he made mistakes too. Don’t expect to know everything about me when I’ve only been like this around you for four or five days. Come here.”
“Don’t talk about his father like that. Sorry Tones. He didn’t mean to offend you.” Steve glared at Bucky.
“Well, maybe he isn’t religious at all. Does he even go to church?”
There was a cracking sound and Steve released his grip on the headboard. There was a deep imprint in the top of it and cracks spread out from the center.
Bucky whispered something so quiet that only Steve, with his enhanced hearing, could pick up. Steve gave a full belly laugh before talking at a normal volume. “I wasn’t that bad-“
“You were constantly horny?”
“You like men? What about Peggy?” Scott wondered allowed before adding “You don’t have to answer that.”
Next, they called up Fury and met with the rest of the team in the living room. Steve was upset but understanding of the need for him to step down as Captain America for the time being.
“What does the ice have to do with it?”
Bucky nodded and Steve wrapped him up in a hug. “We’re surrounded by superheroes who know what to do if something happens. They’ll protect me if it does. They’ll protect you if it does. You won’t hurt me.”
It must’ve been me. I’m the one who neglects him by working. I’m never as energetic or enthusiastic as he is. Peter was always good to me and I couldn’t do the same for him. I pushed him into someone else’s arms.
Tony relaxes a little at the AI’s assurance that his boy was physically unharmed. Peter grabs his hand and leads him to the bedroom. Tony figures that he doesn’t want the other Avengers to see him in an emotional state and lets him move to a more private location.
**I know that the ice bucket challenge is pretty old, but I just randomly had this idea. Also, just because it isn’t a trend anymore doesn’t mean you can’t donate to help find a cure for ALS (or to any other charity working for a good cause)! Two of my go-to charities are 350.org and the Environmental Defense Fund, if you guys have any that you’re passionate about let me know! I love looking at the positive impacts people can make!**
“And you Captain?” Thor spoke up.
“I’m fine.” Peter said, but Tony could tell by Steve’s face he was concerned. He watched as the larger man sat down on the couch with a couple blankets and patted down the seat next to him, looking expectantly at Peter. Peter obediently sat down and curled up to Steve under the blanket. He was nodding off almost immediately.
“What is this Harry Potter? And that only leaves me with thirty percent.”
“Tony saw the missile going toward the tower. Our faces appeared, but he isn’t scared of us. He’s scared of us getting hurt. He’s scared of hurting other people. I’m not scared of you physically hurting me. I’m not scared of the Winter Solider. I’m scared that you’re going to leave me alone again, by choice or because you” Steve’s voice got small “because you get injured and I can’t save you. I knew if I waited a few more seconds, the train would appear and I couldn’t see you get killed again. You’re everything to me Buck.”
“Go back to sleep Tony.” Steve kissed his forehead. “JARVIS told me you finished your project. Good job. Now you should get some rest.” Steve whispered in his ear and Tony contentedly drifted back to sleep.
“There you are,” Pepper leveled her most disappointed stare at Tony. “We have a meeting that you’re already late too and you’re here watching viral videos.”
Tony was speechless for a second. He hadn’t realized that Peter was so insecure about taking their relationship slow. “Darling, I’ve loved every minute I’ve spent with you. It doesn’t matter to me when, or if, we start having sex.”
“No thanks. I’m done with PSA’s.” Steve wasn’t quite as fond of the idea as Pepper was. Everyone knew he wasn’t a fan of the media. He despised the paparazzi and interviews seemed to cause him physical pain. Plus, he still didn’t fully grasp the Internet, let alone trends and viral videos.
Peter’s face relaxed a bit. “Thank you. You’re pretty great without the serum too.”
“You rented this whole thing out?”
“It’s fine if you still want to sleep on the floor: at least you’re getting enough sleep, but maybe I can help you sleep on the bed?”
Steve sighed. “I don’t know which one that is.” He squinted at the hardware. “Left or right?”
—————-
“That was for the benefit of Spangles over here.”
“You’re welcome.”
“You hooked up with a girl in a brothel?!” Tony spat out before realizing that Peter, who despite being eighteen now was still a child in his mind, was sitting right next to him.
“Are you all good?” There was a moment of clarity and Steve’s voice was serious. Then a moment of silence.
He sighed before heading up. He opted to grab some blankets and sleep on the couch that night.
Peter didn’t look fully convinced, but he still got up to begin cooking breakfast. It was well known that Tony forgot to eat too often when work got stressful.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Black Widow and Thor are also fine. We’re picking up some loose ends on the eastern boundary. Just doing a final sweep for any lingering ‘gifts’.” Natasha’s voice came soon after.
Bucky reveals that Steve isn’t exactly the innocent boy that all the Avengers assumed he was.
Having Peter in his arms kept away all thoughts of the overwhelming cold. Being with Steve kept Peter nice and warm. He was drifting off within seconds. Both men woke up refreshed.
An interaction at a party makes Peter insecure about his relationship with Tony.
Steve was a bit surprised, but he didn’t mind. Whatever made Bucky comfortable was good with him. He’d been acting strangely all day. “Alright.” Steve stood up and walked over to Bucky.
“I actually changed our hotel reservation. It’s in a cute little town about half an hour away.”
Putting the skis on was a whole other ordeal. Thor must’ve slipped ten times. Getting on and off the ski lift also proved challenging. Peter’s skis got twisted and he fell right into Steve, knocking him on his butt. It took a bit of help to get both of them up. Peter apologized profusely, but Steve insisted that he didn’t mind and admitted the lift had been pretty tricky.
“Why would I need space? You just spent two weeks away.”
“That includes everyone else too.” Peter motioned for Bucky to move into the corner of the room. Tony and Clint groaned while Thor respectfully looked away.
He didn’t like the cold. It brought up bad memories. If he prepared himself, he could handle snow or frigid water or even ice baths after difficult missions. In his unconscious state, he was not prepared. His mind immediately flashed to the HYDRA bomber. He was in the cockpit steering the plane for a nosedive in the water. He could feel the ice and water swirl around him. He was freezing. His body was shutting down. His lungs were filling with water. He was drowning.
Peter’s enhances hearing clearly picked up on the drunk man across the bar hitting on the much younger woman around the corner.
“It’s alright baby. You just need to let me know if you’re feeling insecure, okay? I want to be able to help you through these things. Can you promise me that you’ll communicate this stuff?”
~Back to Tony~
Tony’s gut twisted as hot guilt filled his body. This was his fault. He failed at caring for his lover. He turned a harmless cut into a life threatening injury. Steve looked so pale lying on the bed. He couldn’t be hurling like that, he was too thin as it stood. Tony felt like throwing up himself. He pulled a chair up to the side of the bed, reaching for Steve’s hand.
Wait, Steve?
Tony shrugged. “Maybe it’s growing on me.” He still hated the song, but he would listen to that whole CD a billion times to keep the smile on Peter’s face. As they drove, Tony listened attentively to Peter describe his newest modifications in web technology and how his third year of college is going. “Apparently, I’ll be able to get my undergrad at the end of this year and then I’ll be able to start work on my PhD which is good because I’ll get paid to do that and...wait, are we here already?”
“This guy is naked!” Peter squealed at the picture in his hand. “Why did they take a picture like that?”
“Yep, super duper.” Tony groaned in the background.
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand, attempting to reassure him. His grip was extremely weak. Panic just surged up and through Tony again.
“This footwear makes moving very difficult. Are you sure these are on right?” Steve questioned.
“Yep. Sorry, Stark. I’m gonna go take a shower.” Bucky closed his the panel on his fixed up arm and left the lab.
“Friends with benefits?”
“Yeah, but it was-“
“This is a bad idea. We should go.” Steve tried to back out of the room. “We don’t know what any of this is.”
They really didn’t go out very much. A lot of times they were either in the lab or having sex. “No, Tony loves me,” Peter thought with finality, “He’s told me so.” He walked out and met back up with Tony. Although he had convinced himself, he noticed every time Tony was too busy to spend time with him or couldn’t go out in public. He knew Tony was busy and that there were a lot of paparazzi. He knew that Tony didn’t want him in the limelight to preserve his identity and his youth, but the insecurities kept sinking in.
Steve was conversing with the star struck women in French when Tony and Sam came down.
“Alright! I’ll wait for you right here then.” Peter wasn’t expecting Tony to join, he seemed really tired, but he wasn’t complaining.
He took a few steps inside. The music was off and he knew Tony could hear him. “I know you’re always concerned about Peter’s safety, hell, I am too, but I think he’s right this time Tones. We should be guiding him on how to do it the right way, not trying to limit his choice. He’s a very smart young man who will do the right thing. Richard and Ben and May and you made sure of that.”
“Language.” Peter and Steve chastised him simultaneously.
“I’m on edge all the time in my suit. Now that I’ve been fighting in televised battles, I feel so much pressure to ensure that none of my actions could allude to who I am. I’d also be nice to be accepted as an official part of the team. I could actually attend post-battle meals in public with you guys or strip my mask off to breath easier after a fight. It’s not like I don’t get enough press coverage from being Tony Stark’s and Captain America’s son so I think the benefits outweigh the cons.”
“But what if I turn into the Winter Solider. What if I relapse during a mission or while you’re asleep. Even when you’re awake you refuse to hurt me during my episodes.”
Tony was barely keeping it together with the minimal amount he got. He knew, from his father’s notes, that Steve already had a very active libido since the serum.
Steve’s eyes were lidded and his lips were red and swollen. Tony must’ve been staring for too long because
Peter was a bit skeptical, but he sat down and shoveled breakfast in his mouth. Steve made the most perfect scrambled eggs. Peter could seriously eat them for every meal. After his hunger was satiated, he began to think about what Steve said. “If there was an issue, maybe it was something about me? Steve did say he would talk to Tony about the identity thing. I really hope I didn’t cause this.”
“The TV isn’t broken anymore.” Natasha added. “Don’t take it seriously. The media are vultures. Your life is private. You can make whatever decisions you want.”
Tony sat up and stretched his arms. He felt much more relaxed and well rested. He wandered down to the kitchen for a cup of coffee and walked in just in time to hear a cheer. He glanced over at the living room. All the furniture had been moved to the side. Steve was in the middle of the room with Natasha on his shoulders. Peter was sitting criss-cross on the wall. Bucky was webbed to the ceiling. Sam was backed into the corner and slowly squatting up and down. They all had their mouths wide open. Tony rubbed his eyes and pinched his wrist. Whatever Steve was doing yesterday was completely forgotten.
“Wish I could unhear…” Sam was grumbling under his breath although it now made sense while Steve spent more time with Bucky than him.
“WHAT?” Tony yelled.
Steve couldn’t move from his spot as Tony ran upstairs, turning his head to hide the tears that had started to leak down his cheeks.
“Bisexual Captain America” Sam mused “It’s kinda funny all those hate groups that use you as their symbol of conservative life are involuntarily looking up to a bisexual man.”
“Do the old men need another lesson in technology?” Tony said condescendingly.
“That’s because they get boring easily. Challenging Captain America, who’s supposedly good at cards, might be more interesting” If Tony felt a bit of warmth of getting to spend some more time with Steve, well, no one had to know.
That was, until the fourth time. It’d been a few months since the first time, but Tony was noticing a pattern. “Where’s Steve?” He asked Natasha as he opened the fridge, looking for a snack.
“Come in.”
“-Yes you did.”
Steve looked at Tony weirdly, “Tony I’ve already-“
“Are you talking to me?’ Steve teased him.
Steve’s eyes filled with doubt, “You don’t have to lie out of pity. I know you’ve been avoiding me. You’d probably get bored with me eventually. I’m not very smart or personable. Hell, I can’t even figure out the tablet you gave me. Maybe it’s for the best.”
Eventually, he mustered up enough energy to drag himself to the mirror. He wasn’t surprised when he stepped out of the mirror as the Winter Solider. He stared at himself, at his long hair, muzzled mouth, and blank eyes. He watched himself kill innocent people and then turn to Steve. Mirror him was beating Steve up and his head was screaming for him to intervene but he couldn’t. Steve went limp on the ground. The grief and rage pushed Bucky to sock his mirror image and he was given access to the other world.
“...I’m fine...just hungry”
He wasn’t denying it? Bucky stuck out his tongue like a child. Steve was still looking away. It must be true.
“You can’t possibly think that I don’t like it when you’re with Peter.”
Those memories were what flashed through Steve’s head when Tony kissed him. He remembered asking his teacher a hypothetical question about boys liking boys and getting a condescending answer about how young boys should not choose to be so fruity. He remembers seeing a boy covered in bruises after his admitting, the day before, of his feelings to his male crush were overheard. He remembered his friend being kicked out of the house and an acquaintance losing his job. Those events might have been nearly nine decades old, but they were very fresh in Steve’s mind.
Steve started laughing which quickly turned into a wheeze. Bucky immediately sat down and gently patted his friend’s shoulder, breathing slowly for Steve to mimic. The once his fit subsided, Steve leaned up against Bucky and continued sketching. Bucky grabbed a rag and oiled up his arm.
I have the same stories under the account @A_Unique_Username_ on Wattpad so if you prefer that platform, head on over!
“How’s everyone?” Steve panted as started walking toward a clearing in the debris. They’d just finished defeating a villain who was trying to plant mind control bombs all over New York City. “Weird alien shit.” Steve mumbled beneath his breath. Why couldn’t they just have normal human adversaries anymore?
He giggled a bit. “Fall out of bed there? Looks like you rolled a bit too.”
Tony stared at the photo again. I’m as handsome as this guy. If Steve likes men, maybe I’ve got a shot.
Later that week, Thor made an unexpected visit and was thrilled to participate in one of Earth’s tradition. The video of Thor laughing while Natasha, on a step ladder, dumped water on him while Clint got electrocuted by the puddle around his feet had millions of views in hours. They nominated other billionaires and donated a giant sum of money.
“What?” Tony squinted in confusion. Was he dreaming?
Tony plopped down on the floor and hyperventilated. In a second, Steve was at his side. Consoling him and grounding him like always. He stroked Tony’s hair and spoke gently to him until he was relaxed against his chest. “What happened? Are you hurt? Is Peter hurt? Did anyone on the team get injured?”
Steve’s breathing hitched a little bit. “I just need to do something that reminds me of back then.”
“Why did you try to hide it?”
Pepper sighed and left Steve to draw in peace. Tony scrambled after her. “Don’t worry, I’ve got this.”
“But you keep acting strange, and I don’t know...did I do something then?”
“Yes I was. I’m going to keep apologizing until it’s better. Until you’ve stopped doubting the irreplaceable part you play in both of our lives.”
Steve adoringly studied Bucky’s features from behind. “Funny. You’re the best person I know."
It was a little odd that no one had been on the comms since he did the check up. Usually there were jokes and complaints galore after a fight. Clint begging for food, Natasha threatening to fly back alone if everyone didn’t hurry up, Tony laughing at screen grabs from the playback of the battle, Thor promising a large feast, and Bruce begging someone in medical to stop squirming.
“You should be more careful.”
“Wait, Steve don’t-“
“Nat don’t” Steve was beginning to blush.
“Now that I’ve almost graduated college, I’ve been thinking about revealing my identity and officially joining the Avengers. It’s not like it’ll affect my research, and now my family is able to protect themselves just fine - no one is going to try and mess with the Hulk to get to me. I won’t be so worried about my mask coming off or being as anonymous when I’m fighting crime. What do you think?”
“They aren’t really ‘one night stands’”
Steve’s face became devastated. He was silent for a while, before something else crossed over his features. “What happened in the mirror?”
“Thanks”
It made Bucky’s heart swell, seeing himself portrayed with all the other Avengers. Even if it was in animal form, it was nice to feel included as a part of their team/family. It’d been a long road toward getting forgiveness, then trust to join them in battle, and then friendship, but he would do it all in a heartbeat as long as he wound up in the same spot.
“Sir, Agents Barton and Romanoff have arrived from their mission. They are in the communal kitchen area if you wish to see them.”
“I’m sorry.” Steve started in an unimaginably small voice.
“What’s that stupid grin for?” Bucky, from around the corner yelled out to Steve. He reached up and muted his earpiece so the team couldn’t hear him speaking.
“Who do you think helped with his technology training when he was defrosted? The first time he broke his ‘respectful gentleman’ facade around me he said-“
“Why were you guys sharing a bed then?”
“No we don’t”
**5+1 Formatting
Steve sounded so sincere that it reverberated in Bucky’s core. Steve steered them to both lay on the bed. He curled so Bucky’s head was on his chest and he ran his fingers through Bucky’s short hair. “We can talk about this in the morning if you’d like, but for right now I’m tired and you’re tired. It’s been a long day. All you need to know is that I love you very much. I’m not leaving and we’re both safe.” Steve continued mumbling until Bucky’s breathing slowed and his eyes drifted shut.
“I love you.”
“I’m going to be in that coffee shop you like from 5am-2pm today if you want to come work things out. Please show up.”
If you couldn’t guess, I’m an American.
Tony sees Peter in Steve's room and misinterprets the relationship. He's a little jealous and insecure.
Steve mimicked the action. “Just happy that everyone’s getting back safely. Speaking of which, you’re sure you’re unharmed?”
“Well...”
“Sam bought me a corset?”
Tony hardly whispered back, “Why I think it’s weird? It is weird. You’ve known Peter since he was in high school. Were you pining after him this whole time? He just graduated college for God’s sake. You’re in a relationship with...” His rant tapered off when he saw the confusion in Steve’s eyes. Then he had the audacity to start laughing which woke Peter up.
~Earlier in the Day~
Tony grinned, thinking Steve was teasing him about the slightly excessive reaction to a tiny cut.
Natasha had a soft smile she almost never showed on her face. Steve was praising Peter’s artistry. Tony was looking smug. He even reached out to touch the peacock. Clint was laughing at the lizard and attempting to explain what a whale shark was to Thor at the same time. Bruce pulled his phone out and snapped a picture, presumably to send to Wanda, Pierto, Sam, Strange, and T’Challa.
“Can I draw on your arm?” Peter blurted out. “I mean, don’t feel obligated to say yes. Ned just always lets me draw on his leg. It’s nice but he’s ticklish so he jerks and…”
Everyone crowded onto the balcony. Tony glanced around in confusion as he realized Peter hadn’t joined them, “Spidey?” Peter strolled out at his beckoning. If Tony hadn’t known better, he would think the kid was nervous. He shrugged it off as anticipation and pulled Peter under his arm again to watch the show together.
“Who said that?”
The water from the emergency shower was already ice cold but his raging erection still stood at attention. He’d already gone for two rounds and there were still no signs of letting up.
“I told Tony that I wanted to reveal my identity.”
The sounds of the moans were really starting to get to him. His erection was back at full mast. “Uh.” Tony’s lower stomach felt like it was on fire. He decided to just go for it. He couldn’t think all that straight, but he remembered a few moments ago he thought it was a good idea.
Snap out of it.
“Frail? Stevie? He lived for nearly two decades like this. He survived poverty, rationing, a war, and a million bar fights like this. You kissing him isn’t going to do shit. Jeez, both of you are idiots sometimes. Go make up with him.”
“We prefer the term fuck buddies” Natasha couldn't resist.
“Yeah. But why would they even? I’m Catholic.”
“Wait, did you just offer to help?” Tony was curious now. He still had a couple minute before another wave hit him. “How did that work?” Tony couldn’t imagine Steve trying to convince a teammate to have sex with him because he was super horny even if that teammate was his best friend. Steve seemed like the type to be too worried about danger or consent issues or being impolite, or too stuck in his ways of dealing with his issues by himself.
“Are you okay?” Steve got up from his seat and patted Tony’s back. “Honey, you can’t talk and tinker and drink at the same time.”
Tony felt like throwing up. Steve looked so wrecked. His eyes were dull and his hair unkempt. He clearly wasn’t sleeping. Tony has caused this.
“No it’s alright. It’s just...” Steve explained his relationship with being cold. He’d long discovered that actively repressing his fears and feelings from others wasn’t good for him. Granted, he usually still did it, but he didn’t want to portray that image to Peter, who was fairly knew to the superhero business. He wanted Peter to feel okay talking about his feelings.
“He was more popular with men than women  before the serum and popular with both afterwards.” Bucky informed them. “Sorry, Stevie, I didn’t mean to share your business. I thought in modern times there wouldn’t be any issues telling others.”
Steve was just staring at the rack. His eyes were skimming back and forth along the row of screwdrivers near the top. “Nope. It’s definitely one of these.” He gestured at the correct tools. “I think it’s either this one or this one, right?”
“Do you want to go on a date?” His need to know quickly outweighed any doubts he had and Steve braced himself for the worst when he asked Tony out in the lab one evening. He was ecstatic when Tony agreed and the first date went well.
The next day, Tony laid on his arm watching as Peter changed into his clothes for his first class. He wore the same shoes, worn-out jeans, and another T-shirt. Tony couldn’t fathom how Peter enjoyed wearing these clothes, but chalked it up to a difference in taste and in the ways they were raised. During the next couple of weeks, he noticed that Peter wasn’t wearing anything Tony had bought him which was strange. Although he almost always wore his own clothes, he wore the nice dress shirts and the acceptable shoes that Tony had purchased when he had presentations or conferences to attend. Tony knew he also preferred the expensive boxers, but hadn’t been wearing them.
“Talk on the way, I’m starving.” Sam whined and Steve laughed. Tony led them to his favorite French restaurant where they sat down for a meal.
Clint and Bucky were in tears at Steve’s embarrassment. Tony put on his best amused face, but he was honestly a bit sad that Steve was so much more open with Natasha than him.
“Is everything all right?”
“Woah, Tony this party is really fancy,” Peter exclaimed as he looked around to take it all in. They were surrounded by exorbitant decorations and everyone was dressed to the nines. “Don’t expect anything less from a Tony Stark party, kid,” Tony responded affectionately before they both walked into the room, capturing attention from nearly everyone. Before long, Tony was whisked away with Pepper to make the rounds and gather up some good PR so Peter sat down at a table with some food. A nicely dressed man sat down next to him, “Parties not your thing?” Peter nodded, mouth stuffed with hors d'oeuvres. The man laugh and extended a hand, “The name’s Robert. Nice to meet you.” Peter introduced himself and continued the small talk. They talked for a while about the party.
“Why’d you start calling him Steve?”
“They’re all so adorable!” Steve nearly squealed as he intently watched a kitten paw at a ball of string. Clint laughed at loud from his spot by the Pit Bull mix across the aisle. “Every time I come here I have to restrain myself from adopting every animal in here. I love on a farm, but I think Laura will kill me if I bring in a sixth dog. The excuse that Lucky needs friends only stretches so far.”
Peter’s breath hitched a bit when he saw the photo, but he turned and grinned at Tony’s concerned face. “I miss her, but I’m not unhappy here. I love you, Dad.” Tony released a tiny sigh of relief and put his arm around the kid. “We should probably move that photo. Steve’ll have a stroke if he’s sees it disorganized.” Peter rolled his eyes at Ton’y exaggeration, but turned back to the front of the book to place the photo in its correct spot.
“Talk to me Cap.”
Seeing the face, something snapped in place. This was pre-serum Steve. Tony has seen one picture of his lover before he became Captain America and this is exactly what he looked like.
Peter’s eyes widened. “Karen. Show Tony the patrol from a few nights ago. I want the robbery.”
“…Buck’s my best friend. He’s pretty much my brother, but I just wanted to make sure that you know how much I love you and that I never want anyone else. If you ever feel lonely, please tell me so I can make it better…”
Peter through the front windshield of the car. “When I was sixteen, I met this guy. I had gotten invited to a college party after one of my academic decathlon competitions and he was there. It was kinda a friend of a friend of a friend deal.”
“Who’s room is this?” Tony actively tried not to ogle the super solider clad in only a towel.
“I’m not mad at you.” Steve gave Tony a reassuring peck on the lips. “I’m mad at those damn reporters. Can I get an interview to clear all this up? Natasha helped me figure out what happened.”
“I had better things to worry about. You know the whole missing seventy years of the world and being thrown into another superhero gig kinda took precedence.”
Bucky was just shifting to a more comfortable position on the couch when Clint started snickering obnoxiously. He rolled his eyes. Their tradition of a monthly movie night was almost always the same, give or take a few people. Steve, sandwiched between Tony and Bucky, took the couch. Natasha and Bruce had a large cushy chair. Peter and Clint laid across bean bags. Wanda, Vision, and Pietro shared a love seat. Sam had the loveseat. Everyone else, who didn’t live at the tower, just rotated through, either sharing with Sam or pulling up chairs from around the tower.
Now Tony was shocked. He could tell Steve was slightly uncomfortable with the topic of conversation, but it wasn’t even intense. It seemed more like his old-fashioned ‘you shouldn’t talk about sex in public’ sensibilities than anything to do with the topic.
“Hey, Steve, I wanted to talk to you about-“ Tony had come into Steve’s room, without knocking as usual, to ask him if he was really enjoying his time here. Steve seemed hesitant about skiing already and he wasn’t exactly as enthusiastic as everyone else. He was also going to apologize about the teasing because he may have had a slight crush on his childhood hero and couldn’t bear the thought of Steve being mad at him.
“Sounds like a smart person.” Steve laughed. “See you in a bit.” He regained his composure and rushed to the main compartment of the jet.
“Fuck yeah!” Clint excitedly exclaimed. For some unknown reason, he got hyper after missions as long as they weren’t utterly horrifying, and this was no exception.
This night, Peter automatically went to Steve’s room. “This is okay right?” He asked hesitantly. Steve gave a welcoming smile and patted the bed. It wasn’t quite time to sleep, but everyone else had retired to their bedrooms to read or watch TV on their tablets.
The middle aged woman gave him a soft smile and pointed over at a tiny puppy cowering in the corner of his cell. “This little guy’s name is Charlie. He was just brought in yesterday. He was cold and completely alone so he’s been a bit skittish. Seeing as how you have a way with animals, can you attempt to bottle feed him?”
Steve just shrugged. This always happened. Once every couple weeks, Steve would announce his plans to go to some mundane spot and invite his boyfriend along. Tony would gripe about it, but inevitably join because he really loved spending time with Steve. He’d be good for the first hour, then taper off into boredom. He’d complain and make suggestions for better date spots. Steve would agree to go another day. It was basically a routine now. Tony didn't understand why. In the past two months he’d been dragged to Ikea, Sears, Home Depot, and Target. Steve rarely bought anything so he couldn’t help but question why he kept going to these places? Was Steve looking for something specific? Did he know he could order pretty much anything online?
“Buck was involved in all of the shenanigans.” Steve added “But what did you think I did?”
“Nope. That’s gross.”
The lab was filled with the AC/DC song Tony was blasting from the speakers.Peter and Tony were working side by side on their suits. On a visit to Wakanda, Shuri had commented on their technology and made several suggestions for improvements to the suit, As much as Tony wanted to stay aloof and pretend like he could’ve thought of the same things, he couldn’t lie to himself and had to respect the girl for her genius. Peter had immediately started geeking out about everything in her lab and excitedly listened to her proudly explain everything. They became fast friends. Tony knew Peter often fell asleep texting Shuri for suggestions in the lab and providing her with his perspective on inventions she was working on.
“Yep, they wanted a candid of ‘Captain America sharing a barrack with his fellow soliders’. It was going to go near recruitment stations. They didn’t want the men to stiffen up and pose so they decided to just burst in unannounced one day and took a picture.”
“Nope. It’ll be uneven and you’ll miss spots.” Peter continued spreading the mask all over his face. “There we go! Now you just need to wait ten minutes. Don’t talk or smile too much or it’ll crack around your mouth.” Bucky nodded, unable to point out that he neither talked nor smiled that often anyway.
“He had allergies?”
Bang. “Shit.”
When other persuasion methods, offering him kisses or dates or new tech, weren’t convincing enough, Tony decided it would be a sneak attack while he was working out or something. The internet loved pranks and he might get to see Steve in a wet shirt yet. He thought that making it a sneak attack meant that Steve wouldn’t have all the normal jitters and anxiety he got when he had to be in front of a camera. Sweet, caring Steve probably wanted to help, but he was just too nervous about the limelight.
“Woah.” Peter beamed at the pool. “Can I go in?!”
“Eggs?” Steve tilted the skillet toward Natasha, who nodded over her cup of tea. He scooped a sizable amount onto her plate before dumping the rest onto his plate. They ate in comfortable silence, both catching up on the news as usual.
“But then you wouldn’t be able to hear as well. I want my teammates to have the best.” Tony stuck his bottom lip out and pinched Bucky’s butt as he reached over him toward the coffee pot. Bucky grinned.
“Tony’s breaking up with me.” Steve whispered in disbelief as he crumpled to the floor. He eventually picked himself up and made his way to his bedroom. “Why does he think I cheated? I would never do that to him?” Steve petted the puppy curled up in his bed as he sobbed.
Steve put his hands up. “I’ll give you your space.” The rest of the team shot him a concerned glance, but they continued on.
“It was easy. The base was smaller than we expected.” Steve shrugged and leaned in for a kiss. “I also get to spend the rest of the mission time off. I think I have a few ideas of how to spend it,” He smirked.
“I’ve got something under my uniform for you, but it isn’t an injury.” Bucky’s husky voice caused Steve to shiver.
Peter’s eyebrows rose, but he didn’t say anything else.
“What?” Steve was confused. Had he missed something? Were they calling for him because something went wrong? Was everyone okay?  He scanned his teammates, imagining worse case scenarios, but no one seemed hurt. “Is Bruce hurt? Was there another attack someone else?”
Bucky nodded and looked at the bath. Steve’s smile got wider, “Get in.” Once Bucky stripped and slid in, he expected Steve to go off, but was pleasantly surprised when he squatted down next to his head. “Would you mind if I touched you?” Bucky thought about it for a moment before giving his consent. Steve ran his fingers through Bucky’s hair. His fingers rubbed small circles into his scalp. He placed a kiss on his neck and then moved his hands down to massage his shoulders and back. Bucky could feel the tension and stress he’d been fighting all day melt away at Steve’s fingertips. He closed his eyes and pushed into Steve’s touch. “You’re the best person I know, you know that?”
Steve sighed and rose to clean his dish. He grabbed Natasha’s on the way. “I’m not a virgin.” He muttered, but no one was paying attention.
“What do you mean?”
“Fine, just let me down.” Bucky tried to sound annoyed, but it was obvious he was having fun. Steve walked over to where his friend was stuck and let Natasha stand on his shoulders. She pulled a knife seemingly out of thin air and cut him most of the way out. He was able to jump to the floor.
Steve glanced at the picture. His puzzled expression relaxed in recognition. He grabbed the picture and showed it to Bucky and Tony. “Remember those camera men, Buck?”
“Nope, you have all the stupid." Steve hummed. “Speaking of which, I think I need to check for injuries more throughly. I think you might be hiding something under all those clothes.”
“If I may, your words ‘just be grateful I’m giving you a week to move out’ during your most recent argument may have prompted him to leave.”
“I think they do or else Thor wouldn’t of brought us all to Asgard. I can go if you-“
“Now that’s impolite.” Steve made to leave.
“And that’s how we started dating Tony.” Bucky said nonchalantly.
“Um, well I thought the super serum would make him run extra warm so I asked him.” Peter fidgeted and his eyes darted around. Tony frowned, recognizing the lying face.
Tony’s mind cleared as his orgasm hit its peek. “I’m definitely coming in.” He stood up and made his way to the bed, legs more weak and wobbly than he’d care to admit.
The figure turned around and pecked Tony lightly on the lips. “What’re you thinking about so early in the morning?”
“Mr. Rogers chose to sleep on the floor of his own volition as he does every night.”
“I didn’t think Steve Rogers was the fuck buddy type.” Sam observed with a bit of surprise.
Tony strolled into his room and pulled up a screen of the living room he had just been sitting in. He never wanted to spy on Steve per say, but he wanted to check that his lover truly was alright - the man had a bad habit of forgetting the medications, vitamins, and inhaler that modern physicians insisted he needed.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” Tony winked.
Steve Rogers panics after involuntarily participating in the ice bucket challenge.
"I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all."
“I’m doing fine. Thanks for the concern.” Steve shrugged them off and made to leave the room. He needed to get to working out. Tony and Clint constantly made these jokes. They didn’t really bug him anyway, it was just starting to get tedious. He wasn’t the Boy Scout the media had made him into.
“I’m an idiot. I should’ve known that you wouldn’t like the cold.” Tony felt like facepalming.
Now it was Peter’s turn to do some comforting, “Tony, focus on me. Listen to my voice okay? I need you to breathe with me.” Tony came back quickly, “Sorry kid, I didn’t mean to...”
“Why not?”
Tony, probably from the sleep deprivation, stumbled right as Steve spun around and spilled his fresh cup of coffee all over Steve’s shirt.
Peter smiled. Tony returned the smile, then yawned. “I think it’s time to hit the sack.” They fell asleep tangled in each other’s arms.
“He does that.” Tony agreed. “I don’t understand it though. He usually asks me though. Is that what he’s been doing all this time?”
He wasn’t surprised to see Bucky on the couch too. Steve had shifted so that his legs were over Bucky’s lap and he was leaned against the arm rest. He looked tiny next to the super solider - it was hard to imagine that Steve with the serum was actually a bit bigger than his childhood friend. Tony felt relief that someone who knew what they were doing was taking care of Steve.
“I’m not that cold - you know super serum and all.” Steve recognized that Peter was trembling. Clearly, he needed the blanket more. In fact, Steve was definitely physically warm enough to make it through the night. If it was anyone else, they’d be asleep.
“It was probably latex or chlorohexidine. Usually reactions aren’t this severe, but considering he’s probably never been exposed before...”
“I didn’t have any hickies that night.”
“How’re you holding up?” Steve asked Peter.
Hi, Marvel Fandom!
Steve grinned and Tony’s heart melted. “I’m free all day and your schedule just cleared up so I think I’ve got some plans for the both of us.” Tony started pushing Steve, who willingly complied, toward the bedroom.
They took an indulgently long shower. Tony massaged Peter’s scalp, shoulders, and back with rare shampoos and oils. He’d made sure the hotel prepared some specific ones that he knew wouldn’t overwhelm Peter’s senses. Peter did the same, carefully selecting the products he knew Tony enjoyed. When they were done, there was lotion and chapstick for them to use to rehydrate.
Steve leaned over to the microphone and began speaking:
“I need you to promise that if I ever did cheat, you’ll leave me, but other than that, you don’t need to promise me a thing. You don’t need to change. I love you just as you are.”
Peter asked to use the bathroom again when he was finished so they pulled into a gas station, Tony shuddered a bit from the thought but Peter insisted a gas station bathroom was fine. While he was in there, Tony did a quick search on his phone and altered their hotel booking. He also popped in a different CD.
Eventually, they made it back to the lodge. They ate dinner all together and then hung out in a gigantic jacuzzi drinking hot cocoa to warm all the way up. Sam told stories about jumping with the wings and Tony made jokes about Thor’s terrible skills. Clint mentioned that the forest was beautiful that day and Peter enthusiastically shared how much he’d learned. It was peaceful and relaxing. They all deserved it.
“About all your ‘things’.”
“Tony” Clint dragged the name out, sounding like a child.
“Why were you getting a blanket? It seems like you're always so warm.” Peter was curious. He heard Steve’s breath hitch and immediately backpedaled. “You don’t have to answer that. I didn’t mean anything by it.”
“Charlie. You know? The dog he picked out from the shelter the day before you got back. He seemed really excited to show you, but I guess he never worked up the nerve.”
“Is that so? You’re going to have to show me once we get home.”
Steve blushed. Finally. “That’s one way to say it I guess.”
Steve blushed. Clint made gagged noises and sprinted out of the kitchen. How the hell were they still like this after two years of dating?
“But I told him that I loved him in his natural body.”
“He smiled and reassured me that it was totally alright. In fact, he was gay himself. He started talking about how he had been trying to ‘turn me gay for him’ but now he didn’t have to put in so much effort. Suddenly, he was kissing me. I tried to pull back because I wasn’t into him like that but he only pushed against me and made it stronger. I kept trying to lightly push against him to get him to stop, but I didn’t want to put myself as Spiderman. He kept saying things and then he grabbed my hand and made me touch him under his pants. I ended up punching him and running back home.”
“Tony, I-“
“There are children in the room.” Tony scolded. Why was Steve staring at this naked guy? It makes sense that the man would be naked in his room, but that look seems a bit much for a comrade or fuck buddy.
“Peter? Peter are you okay?”
The instant he saw Tony, he puffed up his chests and stretched his arms to prevent him from entering. “What do you possibly think you’re doing here?”
*Clearly, I’m completely original all the time. [insert sarcastic tone here
Tony looked a little guilty. “It’s already a tough day for you. I didn’t want to stress you out further.”
“Are you going to join us?” His voice was unusually timid. Tony shook his head aggressively.
“And as soon as he coughed, you ran for the hills. Actions speak louder than words. Why the hell are you doing this to him if you love him?”
Peter introduces Bucky to face masks.
“I know. I want to-I need to tell you though.”
Tony makes some wrong assumptions about his lover’s bruises.
“I was a little busy. I don’t think this was exactly what they wanted. The posed one we did the next day was better.”
Unlike most people, Steve was glad to share his birthday with his favorite holiday so everyone went all out. The sunny day had been spend barbecuing and hanging out by the refreshing pool.
Steve scrunched up his face. “Yep.” He thought the whole thing was stupid.
“We were in the middle of the fight and I’m the captain. You have to be professional for duty.”
Tony audibly swallowed as he watched his son dry his eyes with a cloth napkin and pretend to be fine when he was clearly trembling. When Steve didn’t come back to bed last night, Tony started to think about the events of the day. Quickly, he realized that he was in the wrong. He knew Peter was fully capable of doing his own thing and that he shouldn’t let his own insecurities stunt his son’s life.
“Well, you’re looking at that coffee like you’re about to propose, but, for the record, I love you too.” Steve pecked him on the lips.
“Steve doesn’t think of them that way.”
Finally, Tony came to his senses, left a tip, and rushed out the door, but Steve was nowhere to be seen. He ran to the car to see if Steve was waiting there, but felt his stomach fall when he didn’t see another person anywhere nearby the parking lot. He decided to get in a drive back to the tower in the hopes that Steve would be there.
“As long as all the components of the serum are there. There should be a way for me to figure out what Doom infected your system with and develop a mechanism for separating it and pulling it out.”
In the meantime, feel free to send in requests or check out my other works:
“It’s Steve again. I can’t find any media articles claiming I’m having an affair, but I promise if you saw one that it’s all libel....I love you.”
“Everything’s fine. I’m just trying to be a better boyfriend. I know I spend too much time at work and I’m not as young as you, but Peter please, I love you so much. I know that I pushed you away, but I promise I’ll do better.”
He made the pasta in silence when he saw Bucky had calmed down. They dished it out and ate quietly. Once they were finished, Bucky sat down on the couch with a book he’d been reading. It was an overview of the technological age that he had wanted so he could stay more in tune with the modern world. Although he wasn’t able to get a SHIELD briefing like Steve, the whole Avenger’s team had done their part in providing him with resources to catch him up. He was mortified. He got spooked over a salt shaker. What did Steve think of him? Why did Steve still want him?
“I didn’t tell him what?”
“You don’t need to thank me for that stuff. For one, I’m a selfish man. I like seeing you happy so I’m really just indulging myself.” Peter rolled his eyes but let Tony continue. His tone became more serious. “I also want you to know that you can share anything with me. I know you’ve been through some shit. You’ve seen things that no one your age should ever have to see. Being an Avenger only adds to that. I’m so grateful that you trusted me enough to show me a vulnerable piece of yourself.”
Steve and Bucky shared a grin because they got that reference before deciding to go investigate. They’d been held late at SHIELD filling out some tedious paperwork and were comforted by the cheery sounds from the living room.
Tony shot out of the hammock, scrambling a bit to catch his balance. “I want to swim too.”
“Even I have enough self-respect to dump someone who cheated on me. You can come back for missions though. Don’t worry, JARVIS won’t sic the arsenal on you.”
“What if I was naked?”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Now it was Tony, Natasha, and Clint’s turn to be confused.
“Probably not, it’s the principle of the thing though. Anyway, something up with your arm?”
“I swear. I’ve never cheated on you. I’ve never even thought about it. How could you even think that? Tony, I love you.” Peter reached out but pulled back immediately when Tony flinched away. Tears started streaming down his face.
Bucky silently held out his arm to Peter, who promptly ran off and came back with a box full of colorful sharpies.
Bucky turned his confused expression toward his best friend. “What is he talking about?”
WARNING: Anxiety Attack
“Not your fault.” Steve told him. The swelling was already going down and except for the occasional cough, which sent dread down Tony’s spine, he was breathing normally.
“You were drawing him?” Tony questioned.
“Hi Captain America! I’m alright too! Oh, it’s Spiderman by the way!” Steve grinned a bit at Peter’s enthusiastic response.
“At least call it the other thing.”
Just below and over his elbow was a peacock with a butterfly and a firefly on either side. The peacock had red and gold ocelli adorning its wings. The butterfly had red wings with black and blue lines criss-crossing out from the body. The firefly had just done a loop which left a trail of golden light resembling a portal. There was a snake wrapped around his upper forearm which was wearing Loki’s helmet. An emperor penguin was sliding on its belly beneath them. It had tiny cat ears and a silver spiked necklace around its lower neck. There was a cheetah with silver spots licking its paws next to the penguin.
Needless to say, due to an unfortunate accident, Robert lost his job and was blacklisted all over New York. He was banned from all Stark Industry events for life.
“Like I even remember. Why so curious Hawkeye?” Steve scoffed.
In the meantime, Steve was walking back in the rain. He had brought a jacket and the tower was only about a twenty minute walk at his pace. He brushed a finger along his own lips and blushed. He hadn’t meant to run away, but as soon as Tony’s lips hit his, all he could think was “Danger. I need to leave right now.”
“Good Morning!” Tony was upset at being interrupted from his daydreaming, but that was quickly replaced with overwhelming happiness when he saw that his daydreams had manifested into the real thing. It was even better than the daydream because real Steve handed him a cup of coffee as he cuddled up next to him. He smelled fresh and showered. Tony adored it.
“Oh god, yes!” He heard Steve cry out.
“Jeez, you look like shit.” Clint scoffed as Tony made his way toward the spies making sandwiches.
Tony ran his finger through Steve’s blonde hair and nodded. “He really doesn’t.”
It was different than the face Steve had been wearing all morning. Ever since he discovered the situation, he’d had the patented Captain America Serious Face on. It surprisingly looked just as in place on skinny Steve as it would on Captain America. This wasn’t that confident facade though. This was insecurity in raw form.
How can someone be so stupid? Tony thought crankily from his seat at the table. Him and Pepper, along with a few board members or advisors or something, were sitting across from a screen showing several other people in business attire. Pepper, as per usual, was doing most of the work. Their agreement was that he would do most of the behind the scenes engineering projects and act as a figurehead for interviews and such. Pepper handled the more business-related aspects of running the company. Case and point, her leading the conversations and negotiations at this incredibly boring meeting.
“Nope. Remember Monique?” He was facing Steve, who tilted his head a bit to think.
Then there was a photo that silenced the two men. It was a picture of Tony signing the paperwork to legally adopt Peter. While Peter did appear happy, they both knew that the only reason Tony had taken that step was because his true guardian, his Aunt May, passed away in a horrible accident. Tony’s mentor role had long since morphed into a fatherly role, and Peter knew it, but when Tony asked him if he would like to be adopted, it finalized May’s death in his mind.
“And?”
“I know.” Steve continued picking up different toothbrushes and intently studying their features. “I just like to look.”
“Sorry, I though the serum had taken care of that already.” Steve pointedly turned so his back was facing away from the gaping crowd, well except for Natasha who was throughly amused. “Usually they’re gone overnight.”
Tony sat on the couch, waiting for Steve. Fifteen minutes later he was pacing around the room. An hour later, it was the whole floor. Three hours later, it was the building. He’d given JARVIS strict orders to inform him the minute Steve entered the building. He couldn’t enter his lab without being overwhelmed at what he’d done and he didn’t want to leave the tower and miss his husband. By the time Steve came back, five hours later, Tony was on the verge of a panic attack. Steve had to come back, right? Could he have gotten hurt or kidnapped while he was out? Did he just realize that Tony was too terrible and that he never wanted to see him again? He would at least come back to sign divorce papers, right? The devastated face Steve made when he noticed Tony sent him over the edge.
“JARVIS, please alert Tony that I’m coming into the lab.” Steve was always mindful to avoid surprising Tony. Unsurprisingly, heart conditions, PTSD, and jump scares didn’t mix well.
Peter smiled and put down the volcanic ash one. He put his finger in the blue, de-stressing one and spread it thinly across Bucky’s forehead.
“Congratulations!” Thor wrapped Steve in a crushing hug. “Two warriors coming together is most joyous news. We must have a feast!” Tony rolled his eyes.
“We should go at dawn.”
“-Why didn’t you just go back to your own room? Do I snore? Do I move around too much in my sleep?”
“It’s fine. It just shocked me. The rest of you should steer clear though.” Steve was still staring intensely at the device on the ground, absentmindedly rubbing his arm.
Is that a hickey?
“Yeah, if he enjoyed it, why would he stop taking me?”
“I can do it myself.”
Natasha pulled out a smart phone and looked up the American Pledge of Allegiance, she hadn’t grown up with it, but she had learned it to blend with crowds when necessary and she was sure it referenced God. “See it...oh”
Sam, who heard the chaos, sprinted to Steve’s side. He repeated a mantra reassuring Steve that he was safe and able to breathe. Eventually, Steve calmed down. He choked up bile in the sink and let Sam lead him to his bedroom.
“No. I’m still not ready. I’d tell you first though.” Bucky and Steve shared a smile.
“I saw the hickey. I don’t know how long it’s been going on, but-“
Steve’s chest stung. There was suddenly a lump in his throat and his eyes began to water in the corners. He waited for Tony to say something else, For him to apologize or take it back, but they just sat there in silence. Tony didn’t even turn to look at him. Steve left to go off an be alone.
“They’re just too loud I guess. With the whole senses dialed up to eleven thing, the noise makes my ears ring and my head pound. The bright lights and cheering doesn’t help much either. It’s stupid, I know.” Peter sheepishly explained.
The shouting went on and on. He tried to ignore it, but it was starting to get to him. He wasn’t supposed to be a superhero. He was just lucky enough to get the serum. He was just Steve Rogers. Maybe Steve Rogers wasn’t good enough.
Why had Peter cheated on him? Was it because he was too old? Had Peter found someone closer to his own age?
Bucky opened his mouth to refuse, but before anything came out, he made eye contact with Peter’s pleading puppy dog eyes. “Yes.” His voice betrayed him and suddenly Peter was dragging him by his metal arm to the nearby bathroom. “You’ve gotta wash your face first.” He handed him a wash cloth and some face soap that looked expensive.
“Mr. Rogers has been out of the tower since 11am this morning.”
“Um,” Tony tore his eyes from the bed where Peter was sitting, but avoided Steve’s face because he was sure he’d say or do something stupid. “I just wanted to see how you were liking the trip?”
“I thought you’d be playing with Steve’s new puppy this weekend, not sulking in the lab altering arrows - not that I’m complaining though.”
“Here, I’ll help you.” Peter showed Steve and Bucky how to remove the masks without irritating their skin too much and handed them a moisturizer for their faces. When they came back, Natasha was giving Clint a back massage while Tony was painting Thor’s nails with a clear polish from somewhere.
“That’s too much food.”
Steve entered the kitchen and rushed toward the fridge for the pitcher of cold water. He poured himself a glass and drank it all at once. Some of the water missed and dribbled down his chest.
There was a chorus of groans and “but I’m fine”s as the Avengers reverted into a group of stubborn children who didn’t like the doctor.
“I used to but...” Peter trails off as he tries to catch his breath more.
“Thanks.”
“Are you going to say something?”
“-Hey Tony!” Steve greeted him as he came back from the bathroom.
