“ I had to make a deal with that asshole,” Sam pointed his thumb at Asmodeus, who scowled. “I don’t get to leave, but anything I do to you, he won’t do to me, so long as he gets to watch. Y’know I was really considering just taking the pain myself, I gave you a chance. If you’d just apologize, I wouldn’t touch you. But you didn’t.”
Ruby grimaced at his acceptance, so he must’ve mastered looking bored while being threatened with torture.
She shrugged. “I died and went to Hell during the Renaissance, lots of people were obsessed with the Greeks. But you don’t care about my name, you care about what I could tell you. Could, but won’t.”
“On the rack,” he said. “They dragged me into this cell and chained me to the rack, pinned my hands down with spikes.” Cas leaned forward and grabbed his lower leg before snapping his knee back into place with a yelp. “You know how racks work, I don’t have to explain it to you. But Alastair had his demons chain my wings, and then he kept turning that crank, and he pulled them right out of the sockets.” He popped his other knee back in the socket. “A-and then he kept going.”
But Jody and Donna were still there, and they’d both hugged him, before he could get to the shower, and then he’d really be a dick if he didn’t stay and talk for a minute, so he sat on the couch with them, told them about how he and Sam and Jack had finally gotten rid of Chuck, filling in the few details Sam had omitted, and then he and Claire started talking about hunting, comparing their techniques, and damn he had to admit the kid had some skill.
Sam had looked up just in time to see Gabriel go limp, no longer tense or shaking. He couldn’t stand on broken knees in the first place, but if he could drop, he would’ve.
“Dean?” Cas swallowed and shuddered at what might’ve been the bitter taste of his own blood in his mouth. “Are you really here?” He struggled to lift his head, turning to stare over his shoulder.
“You two can make out later,” Alastair scoffed. “Dean, I didn’t bring you in here to watch you get all cuddly with your boy toy. Now pick that knife back up and cut his other wing off, or I’ll do it, and I’ll use a butter knife.”
Ruby had been branded a traitor and a coward, even when that couldn’t have been farther from the truth.
He tried not to picture what Cas suffered, inventing images to fit the sounds, but his imagination overpowered his will, and every time Cas cried out or yelped or coughed Dean stared into the far corners of his cell, wondering which arteries Alastair must be severing, which bones he must be breaking, and how much pain Cas must be swallowing.
The angelic equivalent of someone ripping off a man’s shirt and leaving him exposed in the middle of a crowd, if most of the people in the crowd were homicidal monstrosities.
“Well he’s down now, so grow a pair and help me out here.”
“That’s enough,” Dean warned and rammed his palms against the wall.
Instinct won out, and he sat immobile, trying his hardest not to flinch when he felt fingers digging into his wings and pulling them open. Gabriel whined, unable to keep himself completely mute.
The damage to the Empty must’ve been what she wanted to talk to him about.
He fell into bed and yanked a blanket over himself.
Nothing would ever take that away from them.
So Dean was alive, and safe, in the bunker with his dog. He smelled like beer, but that was no different, and he looked like he’d showered and shaved recently, so Sam must be fine too.
Why would the demons break Sam’s hands? He wouldn’t be as effective at torture if he couldn’t use his hands.
“I think I might have an idea for how we could escape. It’s risky though, and I’m not sure how I’ll be able to accomplish it. I have powers, beyond the premonitions. I’ve only been able to use them once, but I’m gonna try to use them again. I can get us out, okay? I promise.”
Cas sipped from the mug and Dean barely blew on the coffee before he started chugging it, remembered a little too late that it was fresh and therefore scalding, and coughed, but in stubborn Winchester fashion, he swallowed anyway, burning his mouth and tongue.
“I wish Jack had stayed a little longer,” Dean sighed. “Then we could’ve asked him to bring Cas back. But now he’s off doing his own thing, remaking Heaven and all that, and I dunno, I just feel like I wasted my chance.” He finished his beer, tossed it in the trash, and got up to get another one. “I wasted so many damn chances with him.”
“We will,” he promised, and ducked into the garage where Dean started up the Impala to drive out, leaving Sam alone in the bunker.
“There we go,” said Ruby.
But why would a demon be giving Dean a rosary? Why would a demon want to be anywhere near a rosary?
“Hell,” he said. Dean cleared his throat and exhaled. “He talked to me about Hell. But not what he did, what I did. You were there, you saw me. You watched me flay all the skin off a soul. Dammit, I still remember his face. The way he screamed. I remember all of them.”
Silence, as usual, answered Sam.
Crowley gulped down his drink, downing half of it in seconds. “Oh, it appears I’ve been a bad host. Care for a drink, boys?”
The dream faded alongside the headache, and after a few minutes, Sam couldn’t recall what he’d dreamed about in the first place. Once the images faded away, out of sight out of mind, Sam closed his red-rimmed eyes. He sank back, falling into a deep sleep, no longer burdened by a headache, and he slept through the rest of the night without having any more nightmares.
Sam dreamed that night, of a cold, dark room with no windows and no doors. Images flashed around him, distant and wavering, and only some of them came into focus, over-sharp, defining bright red blood and the shine of fluorescent light reflecting off a polished blade. A door slammed, a light blew out, and Sam stumbled around the room, pacing in circles around the walls, with one hand pressed into the concrete, leaving behind red smears where his fingers dragged by.
“STOP.”
“The rack,” Alastair growled.
“NO,” Dean snarled. “That’s going way too far.” The comment had Cas flinching in fear, but at least the collar didn’t respond to motion, only noises he made. It didn’t respond to any of Dean’s shouting either. “I’m not doing it. Threaten me all you like but there’s no way in hell I’m doing that to Cas.”
That would fuck up Sam for sure.
A time came after that where death would’ve been the preferable option. Empty sounded nicer than Hell. At least it was quiet…
His stomach churned as he realized blood wasn’t the only thing spilling out of Cas.
One of Sam’s hands vanished, returning with the point of a blade following the lines to slice into his skin, but he didn’t just cut. He carved. The knife edge slid under his flesh and gouged off thin strips of meat.
Dean folded his arms. “Yeah, that’s what they all say before I start pulling their intestines out of their asses.”
“Waking up in the middle of the ocean and having to swim here wasn’t exactly fun.”
The demon laughed. “I thought archangels were supposed to be tougher than that. Oh well, I’m not here for you anyways.”
They could hear Crowley’s smile as he spoke even though they couldn’t see it. “Oh, that’s wonderful, great for her! Is it odd for a son to be proud of his mother instead of the other way around? Oh, who gives a damn, I’m so proud of my dear old mum, I always knew she had it in her. Well, I’ll see you boys soon. Farewell.” Crowley hung up.
“Say yes.”
Distant breathing (Cas’s?) grew steadily louder the more Alastair worked the crank, and Dean couldn’t help but picture the scene on the other side of the wall. His mind stitched together an image, Cas chained on his back, trying not to make a sound, but he still let out stiff, strained breaths and barely contained groans as his limbs pulled, stretched out and tense, bones creaking. Maybe Cas would be struggling, trying to move even as chains held him in place.
“Cas, are you okay?” Dean pulled out his gun with one hand and struggled out of his jacket with the other, but he never got a chance to lay it over the flames and give Cas an escape.
“Heretic’s fork.”
Dean shrugged. “It’s still fun, though.” He nudged Cas in the ribs with his elbow. “C’mon, human tradition. If it takes a whole liquor store to get you hungover, one glass isn’t gonna hurt you.”
“Normally, yes. That’s why this should not be possible. My wings are… smaller, tamer than they should be. I don’t know how he did it, but I have my wings out in the open now.”
He’d cracked a smile and said, “Took you bloody idiots long enough to tie the knot. Damn, first night must’ve been real fun. I’d love to have been in between you two.”
“Does it hurt?”
It took Cas an embarrassingly long time to reach the bunker, but in his defense, he’d awakened on the west coast, washed up on the shores of California, and he had to travel all the way to Kansas. Plus, exhaustion slowed him down, and he barely felt his grace.
“Asmodeus, what did the conditions look like where your archangel was resurrected?”
He sawed, letting the knife’s serrations do their work.
Sam reached for the doorhandle, then paused. “Are you decent?”
Her hands slid under his rib cage. Sam’s heart pounded, sending blood pumping over the edges of his opened skin. He grit his jaw, teeth grinding together, and he forced himself to swallow a scream alongside another nauseous wave of rising, sour vomit. Her fingers hooked like talons around his kidney, and she squeezed. Sam tensed up and a low whine stirred in the back of his throat. She tugged on the organ, pulling it away from the ribs it hid behind, and she burrowed back into his insides with her knife.
He kept a mental count of every time he heard the lash crack. Far too long later, he got into the thousands before he remembered that the whip had several strands, so there would’ve actually been more lashes than he’d counted.
But no demon should be able to get past the bunker’s warding. “How’d you get in?”
Cas’s feathers fluffed under Dean’s touch, lifting into his fingers. Dean swept over every feather, even the ones only a fiber away from falling off, and he straightened them out, scraped dried blood away with his nails, picked out flecks of ash and chunks of debris. Too late, Cas realized that Dean was grooming him, just like birds do for each other. Dean took his time, careful not to press too hard or damage any feathers more than they already were.
“This should be similar to how the angel’s wings burned up in the fall, but not an exact replica. It’s the best we can do without the angel tablet,” Asmodeus explained and handed him a blowtorch. “It’s designed to burn with hellfire, not regular fire, so it’ll do some real damage if you hold it in place long enough.”
“Because I fucking love you.”
He traumatized Sam, forced him into a Groundhog Day time loop to watch Dean die about a hundred times, repeating the same day over and over again till he begged for release. He pushed and pressured, shoved Sam into his pre-destined role even though he’d run from his own. Sam went to Hell, and he could have done something about it, or at least tried. He could have tried to do something about it instead of nudging Sam over the edge. He could have fought his brothers, could’ve tried. Could’ve tried, could’ve died, did die, still should’ve tried.
“To be honest, I didn’t think about it till he confessed to me. I didn’t let myself think about it. But I guess I started to think about it when we were in that barn, remember, with the spear?” He waited for Sam’s nod before he went on. “He said ‘I love you’ then too, and he looked right at me. I didn’t know what kind of love he meant. I should’ve asked, son of a bitch I should’ve asked.”
“You could’ve told me,” Sam blurted before he could stop himself.
“My name is Castiel Winchester,” he told himself, voice raw and ragged from where it had been torn up by the salt grating like sandpaper against his throat. “My name is Castiel Winchester. I’m an angel of the Lord. And I’m going home.”
Dean furrowed his brow. “What do you mean ‘others?’”
Ruby contemplated murder, but decided against it. “On occasion.”
“This is a matter of grave importance--”
Sam thought back to another time, so long ago that he’d forgotten about it till now. He’d been in a similar situation, trapped, helpless, and he’d just had a premonition telling him that his brother was in danger. He’d been trapped in a closet with the door blocked, but he’d managed to free himself by focusing on that dread sinking into his cold gut and the panic fluttering in his heart. His powers responded, and he’d managed to free himself and save Dean’s life, but he’d never been able to do it again.
“I know you’re a witch,” he grumbled, then whispered, “Do you know her?” under his breath. He shook his head and sighed. “I was really hoping to avoid, well, people like you, but I guess once you get dragged into the supernatural, it never leaves you alone. Who are you?”
“You look like shit,” the demon said to Cas and tossed the first aid kit at Dean.
Ruby raised a brow. Maybe she could work with that.
“Sam,” Gabriel whimpered.
“You don’t wanna see me like that,” Dean grumbled. “You don’t wanna see me with Alastair telling me what to do. You don’t wanna feel the things he’s made me capable of.”
“Where is Abaddon staying?”
Alastair cracked a smile. “Good timing. I had an idea of something I wanted to do today, but it’ll be more fun to watch you do it.”
The souls took to their new homes with ease, and Jack allowed their homes to shift in size, shape, and appearance according to their tastes.
Dean cupped Cas’s cheek and rubbed fingers into Cas’s hair as he cleaned and bandaged cuts on his head. Cas leaned into the touch, and some part of Dean wished he wouldn’t. Hate me, he wanted to scream. I’m hurting you, he wanted to cry. Despise me, he pleading in his mind without voicing the words. But Cas only nudged closer, equal parts warm and cold.
In some ways it did, because he could no longer be punished for struggling if he didn’t struggle. But Asmodeus got bored easily, and Gabriel would always end up as his prime target. Asmodeus took any excuse to beat him down, no matter how hard Gabriel tried not to antagonize him. Total silence, total stillness. Not a word, static as a stone, deathlike. He closed his eyes so he wouldn’t blink, and at some point he stopped breathing.
“Bite me--”
“And good riddance,” he muttered with an eye roll.
This time, the cell door creaking open interrupted his silence.
He tried to take a step forward, then his legs did give out, crumbling beneath him, and he pitched forward. As he fell, he noticed the glint of light reflecting off the barrel of a gun as it slipped through Sam’s fingers. Sam lurched forward and caught him before he hit the ground, strong arms wrapping around Gabriel’s waist. Gabriel looked up at Sam. His mouth opened, but no words came out, just a quiet exhale before his heavy eyelids pulled shut and he blacked out.
But Cas could try anyway. “You had no choice--”
Even after all his years of knowing Cas, Dean still struggled to convince him to do this thing called ‘having fun,’ but he made slow progress as time went on, and indulging in a glass of celebratory champagne was part of that. Normally Dean would consider himself a booze guy, but even he would partake in his ‘human traditions.’
Of course she was. Of course seeing her formerly deceased son in person for the first time since he’d died came second place when compared to the Winchester’s mutt padding alongside him. Miracle, his collar said, when Crowley had read it in the low light of Dean’s bedroom.
“To Ohio we go, doggy.”
“What, not a fan of Vegas?” Crowley asked Cas with a smirk. “Casinos, strippers, fancy bars?” he teased, raising a brow.
Sam ran up the stairs. He took one look at Cas, then dropped the angel blade he was holding. Cas raised a brow.
At least they were both in pain, Sam could share in that at least. He could barely move without feeling like a spike had rammed through his abdomen, and his head pounded from yet another premonition where he’d seen Cas and Dean together, suffering, covered in blood, and completely out of Sam’s reach. The intensity of the vision had been enough to make Sam’s nose bleed, and it had only just stopped, leaving a drying crust under his nostrils.
Gabriel lifted his head.
But Sam didn’t attack him. He didn’t get up. Gabriel examined him from a safe distance, and concluded that Sam had pissed off the wrong person. He looked much paler than the last time Gabriel had seen him, covered in bruises and cuts, and bandages wrapped all over his bare abdomen. Sam held both hands close to his chest, and they looked like they’d been splinted.
Sam caught Gabriel when he fell and lowered them both to the floor. Gabriel coughed and spat out blood, splattering it on Sam, but didn’t wake up. He lay there, limp, as Sam tried to arrange him into a more comfortable position with his back and wings facing upward. He didn’t react at all to Sam’s touch, not even when he ran his fingers through Gabriel’s hair.
Sam answered with the blade point, shoving it in further than he needed and eliciting a sharp gasp.
He’d take all of the pain he could get as long as it meant he’d never use these hands for torture again.
“I couldn’t let myself hurt you again. I’m so damn sorry for the things I did to you. And your wings, dammit, I’m sorry.” Sam swallowed. “I’m not gonna hurt you anymore. I made sure of it. See? I broke my hands.”
Sam looked down his nose at Gabriel. How had it become so easy to reduce an archangel to a blubbering mess? If only he’d been able to do that in the past, then maybe Sam wouldn’t have gone through so many Tuesdays.
No, he could not be here again. Not back in the same cell, the very place he’d been stripped of everything that made him who he was, shattered beyond repair with nothing left to hold onto. He couldn’t be back in this place, bound and helpless, he couldn’t.
“And no way to predict who might be coming out of it?”
But he shouldn’t hope. Hoping just made it worse. He’d tried to hope years ago, in his first centuries with Asmodeus, that he would be able to escape, or that if he couldn’t get out on his own, someone would come and save him. His siblings, maybe. Castiel was never one to accept what he was told, so maybe he’d go looking, just make sure Gabriel was dead. Or maybe the Winchesters would catch a whiff of him and come looking. Maybe another Prince of Hell would gut Asmodeus (how much he’d love to see that, intestines staining that damn white suit) and then toss Gabriel out with no use for him. Or kill him.
“Burning that image out of my brain,” Crowley huffed. “Now, as I was saying, normally this wouldn’t be cause for concern, but the door was open, and I saw counters to the warding left behind. Not to mention I found a gas grenade when I looked around. I believe they may have been abducted, or otherwise harmed, which is a problem because I went to get Sam so he could go save Dean and Castiel--they’re together now by the way, finally--who have been abducted by Abaddon’s forces, who had a holy fire trap waiting, so they knew we were coming.”
It took Gabriel an embarrassingly long time to summon the courage to open his eyes. He shut them immediately after.
“Cas?” Dean called from the other cell.
He swiveled his head to look over his wings, but didn’t see anything. Then he realized, it wasn’t his cell opening, it was Dean’s. He took a step closer to the wall, wincing at the pain ripping his wrists, and strained to listen.
“Dean, move,” Cas shouted and lunged to shove Dean aside.
“Shaking him won’t do anything,” said a woman’s voice. “Shame he went down so fast, I’d hoped to say hello.”
A closer inspection told him it had been. He recognized this knife. The blade extended as long as his forearm, sharpened enough to shave with, and it had serrations snarling off the lower half of the edge, with the upper half smooth and clean, perfect for more elegant, precise cutting. Alastair gave him this knife in the Pit the day he got off the rack. He stared at his blurred reflection in the blade. Dean had mangled, maimed, and slaughtered with this knife.
Gabriel’s wings folded tighter, crammed partly out of sight behind his back but too big to hide. The feathers rustled as he shook.
“We’ll figure something out,” Sam assured him. “I can research what’s been going on, contact some other hunters and see what they know, stuff like that. Once we have enough information we can make an action plan and deal with it. I’m not gonna let anyone hurt you again, okay? You’re safe here.”
Cas waited in that same position, refusing to move or stop using Dean’s shoulder as a headrest, while the coffee maker worked. It buzzed an electrical hum and a stream of steaming black liquid jetted out, filling up the pot at a steady yet crawling pace. When the pot finally filled up, Dean retrieved the largest mugs in the bunker from the cabinets. He filled one for himself and one for Cas, and left a third mug beside the pot for Sam to use when he eventually woke up from his beauty rest.
Cas turned his head to look over his shoulder. He squinted at the demon, then, forgetting the shock collar, said, “Meg?”
Sam laughed. “Yeah, sometimes I can’t help but imagine how different my life would be if I’d never left Stanford, and hell, I’d have been an absolute dork. Probably would’ve ended up wearing tweed or something.”
The heat from the burner seemed to magnify, swelling to a sweltering blaze. His brain boiled from the inside and Sam tangled his fingers in his hair with a groan. Images flashed behind his eyes:
“I’m fine,” he insisted, but didn’t pull away. If anything, he leaned closer, soaking up the warmth of Cas’s fingers against his hand and the intensity of his stare, a piercing gaze that Dean knew how to look beneath to excavate the emotions trapped behind it. “I’m fine,” Dean repeated. “It’s fine, I’ll be fine.”
Jack set his plan into motion, beginning the operation to save his family. This time, instead of sending an angel to do his bidding, they contacted and sent a demon.
He’d been tortured by the devil himself, he could handle a demon with a knife. Sure it would hurt like hell, but he had a high pain tolerance now, developed after centuries of having his entire body pulled apart and stitched back together on repeat, so whatever Ruby planned on doing to him now? He could just breathe through it and wait it out. Maybe he could even hold off a scream; wouldn’t that be satisfying, to watch her frustration increase as he gave her nothing but silence.
He set the class down on the table, most of it undrank, and wiped a few droplets off his face from where he’d snorted the champagne through his nose. Cas huffed and sneezed, covering his face with his hand, but Dean caught the blush behind Cas’s fingers, which Cas tried to hide by pretending to wipe his mouth.
“He’ll be hurt enough,” Dean tried to reason. “He doesn’t need more pain. Let me take the collar off him.”
Rowena hummed, thinking. “I’ve only informed a few of my most loyal of her resurrection and your mission to combat her so far. My forces are amassing, but I haven’t told them why.”
Sam gagged as his face hit the ground, and the metallic stench assaulted him as wet puddles of blood splashed beneath him, slithering into his nostrils, under his eyelids, and into his mouth to spill into the back of his throat.
Gabriel whimpered through his teeth at the memory and curled his fingers, hiding his nails by digging them into his palms.
The last time he’d had to make his way across the country, alone, without a vehicle, without his wings, he’d been limited by human needs, but now he could keep up a steady pace of walking day and night, since he didn’t have to sleep, eat, drink, or relieve himself.
A time came where either would’ve been fine.
Why the hell would he do that? All he’d done was cripple himself so it would be harder to actually do his job when the ruse fell apart.
When he fell, his hand crunched a frail object he hadn’t noticed till it shattered into several pieces of green glass.
Laying on his stomach, Castiel winced and groaned as he shifted again, again, trying to find a comfortable position on the cold floor. Silence buzzed in his ears as he lifted his head and dragged his limp arms from his sides, folding them at the elbows, and lowered his forehead to rest against them, shifting his face side to side until he found the least uncomfortable spot.
“Cas!” Dean ran up to him, nearly slipping in the blood.
Dean left, and once Sam was alone, he sucked in a deep breath and rubbed his fingers against his temples in a fruitless attempt to ease his swelling headache, but it didn’t fade away, it just kept pushing against his skull. Maybe he should take painkillers, or cold medicine.
Cas sat up and stretched. He shrugged the blankets off his shoulders, and Dean stole a glance at him. Dean had convinced him not to wear stiff, filthy clothes to bed, and he lent Cas some of his own clothes, a Led Zeppelin t-shirt and pajama pants. Without his trench coat and business formal attire, Cas looked almost like a different person. Softer, rounded off at the edges. At ease.
Let there be light.
As Sam walked down the hall to his room, he saw, in the corner of his eye, the edge of Cas’s trench coat vanishing into Dean’s room before the door shut.
No, not that he cared about Sam, he told himself. He had his own personal, selfish, self-centered reasons for walking into the Bunker. He’d need help fighting Abaddon, of course, and then there was the fact that when something bad happened to a Winchester, he got dragged into it. That’s it, plenty of perfectly selfish reasons for checking on Sam. He didn’t care about the man, and he certainly had not gone soft, thank you very much.
Dean grabbed him by his coat and yanked him into an embrace. “I love you too, you assbutt.” He turned back to the doorway, voice shaking with unshed tears, and shouted, “Sam, get up here, it’s Cas, he’s alive. It’s Cas, Sam, get up here!”
He tilted his head up to look at the city. Its lights pulled him, drew him forward. a beacon, like the moon to hatchling turtles, and he managed to stagger to his feet and take a few steps before falling back to his knees.
As much as Bobby didn’t want to work with Crowley, he’d get over it if it meant saving them. The Winchester boys had gone to Hell and back, literally, to save their world, and then they’d gone on to save the people in Bobby’s world. He’d grown fond of them, and had even started to feel like a father to them as time went on, a feeling now intensified by a protective urge to keep them away from any and every kind of harm.
Cas once took him to an aquarium on the way back from a case.
All these years later, Sam found himself really understanding his brother for the first time. They’d both been to Hell, but not in the same way. For the longest time, Sam thought he’d had it worse. He’d been there longer, for one, and he’d never been offered respite.
Ignoring Alastair, Dean pulled Cas into his arms. Castiel sank into the embrace as he struggled to hold in groans and whimpers that would set the collar off again. Dean’s warmth closed in around him, allowing a little of the tension in his body to melt.
“Then don’t.”
But he did make himself count.
“Too late.”
Some beings, however, didn’t deserve sympathy. Looking over the souls in Heaven, they noticed that some didn’t truly earn a place here.
“Very slow.”
He was bleeding grace.
Hot crimson fountained from gaping wounds in his back, pouring to the floor. Cas wailed and slouched forward with a sob, and when he moved his head down, Sam saw Dean, clinging to Cas’s bare shoulders with trembling hands.
For a brief second, the ghost of a smile flicked over Gabriel’s face, and Gabriel opened his mouth to speak, a familiar glint of mischief in his eyes, and Sam realized too late that he'd given Gabriel an open door to make a dirty joke. Luckily, Gabriel decided against it.
Blood soaked Sam to the skin, hot and reeking, thick enough to look black in the low light. He tried to wipe his hands on the ground, on his clothes, on something, but blood drenched every surface around him to the point that he couldn’t tell what exactly was around him other than blurred shades of crimson.
A door opened and slammed shut. A new voice spoke, and Dean’s blood turned to ice water. “Clear out.” Alastair. “I’ve always wanted to test out my skills on an angel.” Cas. Alastair had Cas on the rack.
Hadn’t they already established that Castiel preferred Dean be the one holding the knife? Whatever torture Alastair had in mind would be more bearable if Dean were the one performing it. Just his presence alone made this situation a little less horrible.
No. He didn’t enjoy it. The very idea of enjoying… that sent him stumbling for the bucket and emptying his stomach into it.
“Assuming Crowley actually went to Sam. How much you wanna bet that he’s suntanning in Sri Lanka right now?”
“Cas?”
He reached out, and the figure flinched back, turning his head to stare at Sam with a heart-shattering expression of sorrow and terror. Gabriel?
Sam sat up. He’d just been in Gabriel’s cell, and--
Years ago, he’d never have done that. He’d take it in stride, crack some witty joke, make a flirty comment. His old mind even tried to think of a few sassy remarks, stuff about Sam being hot enough to burn him, or not realizing Sam was into bondage. But he couldn’t. He couldn’t bring himself to make a joke, say something just for the sake of saying it, or hold out against pain with a wicked smirk and a trick or two to get out unharmed.
Gabriel made the mistake of trying to move. He whimpered and froze, holding himself still for a moment until he let himself move again, at a fraction of the speed, adjusting himself to lie down without as much pain.
Enjoy your domestic Destiel and Sabriel, it’s the last fluff you’ll have for a while
Jack agreed to meet her the next day, but he had one more thing to do before he could consider his interventions complete. Jack recreated Amara’s vessel, rebuilding her atom by atom. They took care to make sure no detail went unchecked, even down to the stitching on her black dress. Jack set two fingers against her vessel’s forehead.
Sam couldn’t take his eyes off the wings.
Alastair turned the crank again and he definitely heard flesh tearing this time but all Dean could focus on was the sound of Cas screaming “Dean,” so hard that his voice gave out with a hacking wet cough.
They left behind a bar full of corpses, and made their way to Lebanon.
The demon gestured at the water bottle, and Dean picked it up, only to nearly drop it in surprise. “What the hell?” He stuck his finger into the bottle and fished out a glistening chain covered in droplets. “What is this?”
Cas made a mental note to tease Dean about this later. “I wouldn’t mind them being visible if it were just you, but my true form, especially my wings, well they’re very private. Personal. They’re not meant to be… defiled.”
He got lucky with generous humans as well, some offering him a ride if he was willing to hitchhike a few miles. He was.
How could he ever say yes? He couldn’t bring himself to torture Cas of all people. Maybe if it were some random person he didn’t know, like the demon Crowley had abducted, he could be logical.
Sam blinked. He took a moment to unravel what Gabriel had said, speaking a bit too fast for Sam to follow along with.
Sam nodded. He’d been there before, and Gabriel really did look like he needed to sleep for about a month.
“I have a name, you know,” the shifter snapped with a perfect imitation of Sam’s bitchface and ‘I-went-to-college-so-obviously-I’m-smarter-than-you’ sass voice.
He needed to be near Dean.
Sam let out a feral cackle. “No, no you’d never willingly put yourself at risk like that. You’d do anything to absolve yourself of responsibility, hurt anyone just so you don’t have to do something you don’t wanna do. You faked your death when you could have helped us. You could have fought your brothers, you coward, but you ran away instead and got exactly what you deserve.”
He knew Hell by its smells. Fire and brimstone clogged with the odors of charred flesh, coppery blood, and thick sulfur.
“Pathetic,” Sam growled. “You’re so pathetic. You can’t even say you’re sorry for murdering my brother? Damn you to Hell… but I guess you’re already here. We’re both stuck here because of you.”
It took Cas an embarrassingly long time to figure out what exactly had set Dean off. When they arrived at Crowley’s bunker, Cas kissed Dean on the cheek, not realizing Crowley was right by the door, staring at them.
He just… he couldn’t tell anymore. He prayed they were nightmares. Normally his premonitions showed him things that hadn’t happened yet, not things that he’d already done. Had he done those things? It would explain why blood always coated his hands when he woke up, though when he looked himself over this time, he didn’t just see blood. Dark soot and white ash dusted his skin and clothes, and when he dared inhale, he noted the reeking odor of burnt flesh.
“I know this is probably the last thing you wanna talk about right now, but did you love him? Not as a friend, or as family. I know you love--loved--him platonically, and familially. But did you, um…”
He couldn’t do anything to help, trapped as he was. He could only watch, helpless, as Dean fired off round after round, gunshots echoing, but new foes replaced every demon dropping dead. Crowley pulled out an angel blade, slashing at any demon that so much as glanced in his direction, and for once Cas didn’t mind that Crowley had gotten his hands on an angel’s weapon.
Gabriel didn’t answer, but he didn’t have to. Sam already knew what he would say if he could speak.
Dean blinked. “Hard feelings… Cas didn’t you hear me? I said I love you.”
“If you’re done abusing this building,” said Crowley, “we should discuss a proper way--that doesn’t involve me losing the security deposit on this hotel room--to rescue your idiot sons from demons.”
Sweat beaded out on his ash-white skin. His lungs compressed and he couldn’t get any air in. Tears stung his eyes. His whole body shook, and if he were standing his knees would give out and send him crashing to the floor. His fingers, slick with his own vomit, did give out, scraping on stone. Skin broke and acidic bile stung his cuts. When he dropped fully to the ground, making no effort to hold himself up, his wings pulled against their chains.
She returned her eyes to her vessel’s copper color so Dean could see it when she rolled them. “Wow, how original, never heard that one before.”
Being used to the pain didn’t make it hurt any less though. A high pain tolerance didn’t do shit when his senses were on overdrive, nerves fired up and far too sensitive to the point where everything hurt, even things that shouldn’t.
Since he didn’t want to keep breathing in that horrendous stench, he’d gotten up to clean it, and since he was already up, he’d figured he should take a shower and grab a beer.
“My name is Rowena, and I’m the queen of Hell,” she introduced. She kept her voice cheery, but low enough that no one else would hear. “And I take it by all of that angelic power radiating off of you, you would be the archangel Michael, or at least his vessel. I must say, I thought you’d be taller.”
Before Gabriel could thank him, a clatter rattled somewhere in the corner of the room.
A gold bell above her jangled as she tugged the door open. One step inside and she already drew attention from various farmers in flannel, truckers in baseball caps, and a middle aged waitress with enormous black hair piled on top of her head.
“Hello, Dean.”
With each inhale, a little more light came back to him. Pinpricks of white all above him, and the blurred colors in the distance. Hues faded into place, illuminated by the moon and stars and far-off city lights.
“You got your pet back,” said Ruby, “what more do you want?”
“The walls are hollow, then. Can you break them?”
By dumb luck, he’d passed by a kindy old woman who looked him over, covered in sand, still damp, and she’d taken pity on him, assumed he was homeless, and she gave him a handful of cash and a bottle of water. While he didn’t need to drink to live, it did soothe the ache in his throat, and he thanked her repeatedly as she walked away.
“If you two are done fooling around, our demon friend delivered the necessary information.” He held up a slip of paper. “I’ve got an address. Abaddon’s taken over a ritzy place in Vegas, quite brilliant on her part, everyone’ll be too wasted to notice demonic activity right under their noses--” Crowley cleared his throat. “Not that I support her actions or anything.”
Dean had to admit that talking about what happened with Sam did help him to cope with it. So instead of hiding away in his room, he talked to Sam, and it helped him get his thoughts straight, but it still didn’t ease the grief.
Somehow, surrender felt less damning than admitting the truth. He’d become so starved for primal needs like comfort and affection that he’d sought it out anywhere he could find it, closing his eyes and pretending the hand on his throat wore the disguise of an embrace.
Cas cracked a smile. “Not at all, Dean. I’m glad to know that I’ve helped you recognize that there’s more to you than killing.”
“Answer me!”
A whimper crept out from between Gabriel’s clenched jaw.
Gabriel recoiled away from him, though he didn’t have much room to move back.
They hadn’t been allowed much time together, and Cas wanted nothing more than to spend every waking moment at Dean’s side, wrapping them both in his wings and sheltering them from the brutal world always at their throats. He could imagine it now: when they found a way to escape, the embrace would hurt, straining weeks worth of wounds, but Cas wouldn’t pull away, he’d just hold on tighter, and before they broke away he would steal a kiss.
He knew how to stop himself now, though. He’d break his hands over and over, and his feet too if he had to, just to keep his body under control. This time, when Sam sat back on his cot, though he shook and wept, he felt no fear, because this time, there was no possible way he could hurt Gabriel, and considering the circumstances, that was the best one could get in Hell.
He shoved the severed limb aside as Cas collapsed into him, sobbing. Dean turned Cas so they could sit chest-to-chest, and he held Cas’s head against his pounding heart. Dean ran fingers through dark hair and wished he could have been combing through feathers instead.
Crowley coughed louder than necessary to get Cas and Dean’s attention. They both flushed crimson and broke away from each other’s kiss, shuffling on the couch.
Cas stiffened beneath the blade, tension spreading through his shoulders. Dean just wanted to drop the blade and rub Cas’s back instead, working out the tension and letting him relax, but he couldn’t. The knife weighed his hand down like a boulder, digging itself deep into Cas’s flesh until it stopped at bone, and when Dean made the first incision into glowing cerulean marrow, Cas’s back arched, his wings flared up, and he screamed.
Angels don’t sleep, but damn he wanted to, and maybe the pain would be enough to let him slip under. He didn’t feel much like an angel at the moment anyway, even though he had a prominent reminder of the fact mounted on his shoulders.
“Well excuse me for stress eating,” Gabriel grumbled.
“You know exactly what it is.”
“He’s alive?” The whisper that came from Adam’s mouth sounded so unlike him despite being the same voice. Quiet, hesitant, coated in a forced apathy, as if it were afraid to care too much. This must be Michael.
And to make it worse, Alastair didn’t just forcibly summon his wings, he tortured them.
Ruby’s eyes flicked black as she glared. “If you felt like you’d just been hit by a bus you’d be drinking too.”
“You’ve been in here for two days straight and you go for the food before the water? I thought hunters had survival skills.”
But it felt good before the pain followed. The calm before the storm, the rose above the thorn. So maybe… maybe he could allow himself to indulge in it, even if kindness towards him had always been fake.
But now, Sam got it. Hurting other people and having to live with that, especially when he didn’t have any control over it or a way to stop himself, that hurt worse.
“We just wanted to be left alone,” Adam sighed, “but Michael says that he owes a lot to Gabriel and Castiel. There’s some wrongs he needs to right. And I guess it wouldn’t hurt to see my brothers again. So if you need us, we’re willing to help.”
He didn’t give Alastair any time to recite his usual speech; always the same, a string of insults and threats and reminders of all the horror he’d done in Hell, not because he had to, but because he wanted to.
Crowley blinked. “Well I was dead, so would anyone care to fill me in?”
A spark electrified Cas, and his eyes flashed like lightning. He felt his grace again, spurred by the jolt shot through him. Pale blue glowed from under his skin, and he moved his arms to Dean’s shoulders, fitting his palm over the same place he’d left his handprint years ago. The shadows of his wings cast on the ground, and for once he didn’t care if they were damaged and broken, because Dean loved him, loved all the scattered bits of him, and he returned the same love, the same passion. Dean, his Righteous Man, loved him, and he loved Dean.
Crowley grinned with all his teeth and pulled out his phone. “I knew I’ve been saving this picture for a good reason,” he said before presenting his screen, showing an image of a younger Bobby kissing Crowley. “You used tongue, by the way.”
He’d gone soft, hadn’t he? Why did he give enough of a damn if Sam was alright to put himself at risk like this?
Gabriel snatched Sam’s knife from under his limp fingers and clung to the handle with a reverse grip till his fingers went white. “Piss off, bitch. I happen to be having a very bad day right now, so trust me when I say you don’t wanna tick me off any more than I already am.”
He had spent days (or maybe weeks) waking up with lingering, alien satisfaction that didn’t feel like his own infecting the back of his mind.
“You don’t have to say any more, talking after you’ve had one of those things in hurts like a bitch. How long did that bastard leave it on you? Rhetorical question, I don’t need to know.”
“When I woke up, I found that Alastair had done something to me that… should not really be possible. I don’t know how he did it, some sort of spellwork or something I’d guess, but when I woke up, I had wings.”
“It was uncalled for and really fucking gross,” Dean growled.
“Well I doubt these are the most comfortable things in your closet.”
Cold metal dug into his wings, biting under the feathers to snap around the skin. Gabriel forced himself not to move, but he couldn’t swallow his whimpering. Asmodeus tugged on the chains and dragged his wings open as far as they could go. He hooked the chains to the floor, pinning the wings in place. Pain spiked through Gabriel’s shoulders and back from the strain.
He croaked out two words, no more than breaths, so quiet he didn’t think Sam would be able to hear him. “I’m sorry.” The words came out with a sob and wheezing ache in his chest that came from something deeper than physical pain.
“I’ll take a look at Crowley’s warding,” Cas told Sam as he and Dean walked towards the garage, after they’d both dressed, and carrying duffles full of weapons and a few lore books. “I can try to figure out where it’s flawed and open the communication back up. I will call you as soon as we find anything.”
He clenched a fork in his hand, as if that would be a decent weapon. Didn’t angels have fancy knives they were supposed to use?
The ‘knee-splitter’ felt crude in his hands, a shoddy, splintered tool made of wooden boards, pointed metal claws, held together by screws he could twist to tighten the jaws till the tool bit down and crushed flesh and bone.
Torture ahead, lots of fun stuff. Sam is acting ooc but there’s a reason for that, which you’ll find out in a few chapters
“Yeah.”
Ruby clinked her glass against his, face painted with a wicked smile as she imagined all the ways she would get Sam (and these idiot Princes) to bleed.
“You disgust me,” Sam hissed in Gabriel’s ear. He punctuated his words with fire. “Look at you, can’t take a little heat?”
“You don’t have to do this, please, I’m sorry, I really am, just don’t--”
His wing shook from the strain of staying spread open. He wanted to fold them both in, tight against his back, and wait till he was alone before letting them open again so he could try cleaning them off, though he doubted he’d get far. It wouldn’t be easy to get sticky, clotting blood from his clumped feathers, especially with a lack of both water and range of mobility.
He’d lost Cas before, many times, but this time was final, and no amount of talking it out or holding Miracle close at night and crying into his fur would change that.
“Do you think he fell for it?”
A heard a gasp, a groan, and a pop that Dean recognized from his years in Hell as the sound of someone’s joints slowly pulling, one by one, out of the sockets. He couldn’t stop himself wondering which joint it had been. Shoulder? Knee? Hip?
“Yeah.”
Unable to fight through the pain, the demons had strapped him down to a rack, and Alastair hooked up his legs and wings to it, leaving his arms pinned--literally pinned--to the sides of the table, and then Dean woke up, but he couldn’t say anything, because Alastair had him muzzled, bands of metal over his nose, on his mouth, and under his chin, with a spiked bit shoved between his teeth, sharp enough to slash his tongue halfway open if he tried to speak.
“Hmm. We’ll just have to wait a little longer, then, until either an opportunity presents itself for escape, or Sam arrives, sent by Crowley, to find us and get us out of here. Whichever one comes first.”
A muffled shout woke Dean. He came to with a headache. When he inhaled, his breaths squeezed, snuffly and whistling, through his nostrils. Dean brought a hand to his nose and wiped at it, and when he pulled his hand back, a crust of half-dry blood stained his skin. He brushed his fingers along his nose bridge, wincing at the tender ache. It didn’t feel broken, though, but all the blood leaking out clogged his sinuses and gave him a throbbing headache. He groaned and sat up, wincing as his joints popped.
A rosary.
Ruby cracked a smile. “Revenge.”
He’d earned every bit of suffering he’d ever gone through.
And he didn’t just feel that for Sam and Dean; Bobby had begun to see Cas as a son as well, even if the angel was about as old as Earth, but he didn’t have a real father caring for him, so Bobby had taken on the role.
“Rise and shine, Sammy.”
“No, but you have to know.” Sam picked at his left palm with his nail. “It, um, it concerns you. At first I wrote it off completely as just some nightmare, but then you came back, and now with what you’ve said about Asmodeus possibly being back…”
Dean swallowed the bile rising in his throat. “Turn around, Cas,” he croaked, voice breaking at the end.
“He said he loved me,” Dean confessed. He took a sip of his beer before he continued. “And then the Empty took him. I mean, I didn’t even have time to think or react, and now he’s gone and we don’t even have a body to burn.”
He knew that much. Touch didn’t have to hurt. There wasn’t exactly a pain requirement for physical contact. But in Gabriel’s experience, touch did hurt. Not because it had to, but because it wanted to. Because the people who got close enough to touch only ever wanted to hurt him, even when they pretended otherwise.
“Okay,” Dean sighed, “so that’s a no on punching the wall. We’ll think of something else.” He had to think of something else. He had to. “Maybe we could, I dunno, get ahold of a weapon.” Not his most solid plan, but Dean would think of something. Anything. He had to.
“Aren’t you going to introduce me, Fergus? I thought I’d raised you to be more polite than this.”
“I’m not jealous of you!”
How odd, that Bobby had gone from fighting and killing angels to fighting tooth and nail to save one.
Bobby nodded. He should contact other hunters now, so that by the time the hellhounds found Dean and Cas, he could send in an army to save them. Jody, Donna, Charlie, Garth, everyone. He wouldn’t take any chances.
“Balls,” Bobby swore and punched the wall. He mumbled, “Ow, dammit,” under his breath and shook out his fist. Bobby was getting a little too old to be punching solid walls.
“You want revenge,” Ruby breathed. The very idea of vengeance left a sweet taste on her tongue, tantalizing, and she needed more.
That’s how they communicated through the ordeal. All Dean could make himself say was “I’m sorry,” and Cas said nothing at all, just whined and cried and groaned, and sometimes he lost control of himself and screamed, and then his whole body would thrash in agony from electrocution. Dean swore he could see faint wisps of smoke rising from the collar. If Alastair weren’t watching, Dean would chop the damn thing off.
As much as Sam didn’t want to think about it, he knew he had to consider the possibility that he’d seen a glimpse of the future. He’d had enough premonitions to know that they always crashed into his skull with the force of a train, tearing his brain in half with splitting headaches so severe that he’d black out, get a bloody nose, or both. But he hadn’t had a premonition in so long. Years. Not since Azazel had finally died, taking Sam’s powers with him. He usually saw premonitions of death though, so did that mean Gabriel would die? Again?
Dean’s grip tightened on the handle, and he envisioned himself slamming it into Alastair’s face. That wouldn’t do much to a demon, since he didn’t have salt or holy water, so the fantasy remained a fantasy, and instead, Dean leveled the knife against Cas’s back, the edge hovering above black feathers.
He cleaned the other gashes and lacerations on Cas’s torso, then sealed them. He saved the stitches for bigger or deeper wounds, and used the butterfly strips on the smaller ones. He even used a few of the bandaids. After that, Dean mended Cas’s arms, moving with tender care from shoulder to fingertips, and repeated his nursing for Cas’s legs. He wrapped bandages where necessary, using up most of his supply on Cas’s back wounds.
He couldn’t respond to Dean without spitting out blood, so he kept quiet and still, closing his eyes and trying his damndest to black out, but sleep evaded him. Cas didn’t know how much time passed before some of the pain subsided, or maybe he just got used to it long enough to move more than an inch at a time. Cas shifted, lifting his head and sliding his arms back to brace himself on his elbows.
Asmodeus waved his hand and Sam gasped as a wave of demonic power rammed into him like hurricane-force wind and slammed him against the wall. He cried out, his insides twisted, and he could almost swear something cracked when his wrists slammed into the wall, pinned in place by the power of Asmodeus’s will. No matter how hard he tried to move, his limbs felt like lead, and it seemed the more he struggled, the tighter the demon’s hold on him grew. Sam finally stopped thrashing when his lungs squeezed and he could barely breathe.
“Got enough there?”
Free will. Dean wanted to laugh at it now. Where once free will and defiance had been so real, so possible, a constant choice he could make by saying no to Michael, resisting the Mark as long as he could, denying Chuck his perfect ending, now free will echoed from somewhere far off, just a vague phrase with no real meaning or substance. Unattainable, a myth, just like Dean used to think angels were.
“Don’t tell me what I don’t want,” Cas snapped.
“I do believe I should as well,” said Cas. “My return to this world has left me feeling quite drained, and the long journey here didn’t exactly help.”
“Yes, though it’s not as bad now.”
“Look, I get it, I know what you’re feeling--”
She groaned and hunched down in the chair, gasping for breath and trying to spit out the salt burning the inside of her mouth. Salted blood leaked down her chin in vivid rivers, filling the air with the coppery stench of bloody sulfur, the same inescapable odor ever present in Hell, thick enough to gag on.
“That narrows it down then. Shall I interrogate the ones you told for you?”
The hunters, of course, reunited their communities, even though they had no monsters to slay. Many of the older angels avoided them, but the newer ones Jack made didn’t have any problems mingling with anyone and everyone they could meet, and Jack thought that this must’ve been the true intention for angels. To love and protect humanity, just as Jack loved them. Something had gone wrong along the way, but Jack granted forgiveness to the ones who asked.
A remark about personal space died in Dean’s throat before it was born. “Still tired?” Dean asked him instead.
“Tick tock, Winchester.”
Rowena ignored him and bent to scratch the mutt on the ears. He wagged his tail and licked her hands, sniffing her perfumed palms. What a traitor. Crowley had rescued him from his lonesomeness, and here he was, covering Crowley’s mother in kisses.
These hands had beaten Gabriel bloody, carved deep gouges into his skin, ripped his wings out of his body, and then burned one of them up. These hands had become weapons, instruments of torture in their own right. He couldn’t let himself hurt Gabriel again, so he turned to face the wall and balled his hands into fists, layering his fingers and thumbs incorrectly in a way his father had told him to never do, lest he break his fingers.
As Gabriel ran he couldn’t help but become aware of some distant buzz, a pull from a far off place, that felt far too familiar.
Dean glanced at the floor. “Yeah. Um, what you said to me, when you confessed. You kept saying how much good there was in me, but Chuck called me a killer, and I guess I trusted your word over his, so I thought maybe we could prove him wrong about us. That we don’t have to be killers.”
“What,” Sam snarled, “nothing to say?” He glanced back at Asmodeus and realization dawned on his face. “Oh, right. You’re a fucking coward. You can’t even give me a simple ‘I’m sorry?’ You fucked up and fucked me over and you can’t apologize?” His voice raised with every word. Gabriel flinched.
Gabriel yanked the chair out to sit down, digging his fork into fluffy sweetness and melty chocolate. Not sweet enough though. “Do you have any syrup?” Gabriel asked with his mouth full. “Or some whipped cream?”
He only wished he could fix the wings somehow. Put them back, splint the bones, stitch the flesh, mend the feathers. Only, the current state of the decaying wings would reject from Cas’s body, and probably give him gangrene in the process.
“Do you want me to torture him or not?”
“Care to share with the class?” Dean pressed.
“Why do you want Cas and Dean’s help? Don’t you already have a whole army of demons at your disposal?” Sam would prefer Dean and Cas not go off to meet Crowley at some secluded bunker of his own design where no one could get a message in or out. Even after all they’d dealt with together, Sam couldn’t trust Crowley.
Then, like the breaking of a fever, the headache crumbled, and the pain faded away.
Dammit, dammit, dammit, he had to get out of the holy fire. Cas fumbled with his coat, struggling to get it off. He could throw it over the flames. He’d lose it forever in the fire, but when it came down to a coat or Dean, Cas never stopped to think. His hands seemed to be wired to someone else’s brain; his fingers couldn’t get a grip on the fabric, and by the time he finally did get it off, he didn’t get a chance to free himself.
She set down the empty bottle. Ruby admitted her curiosity to herself, but feigned indifference to the demon beside her. She leaned back. “Is that so?”
“Piss off,” Dean growled.
Cas changed the subject from alcohol. “Do you have any ideas on how we might deal with Abaddon this time around?”
He heard shuffling, a grumble, a metallic rattle. Another shout, then a mocking laugh. A weight slammed down and a groan.
“Please, Sam,” Gabriel wheezed, barely above a whisper and muffled by weeping.
But unconsciousness didn’t bring him bliss.
“You know I’d carry you if you needed me too.”
Sam exhaled, rubbing his fingers into his temples. He laid back, letting his hair splay out over the pillow, and stared at the ceiling.
It would turn ugly, at some point. It always did. Gabriel didn’t have to think about that just yet though. He prepared himself for it, always reminding himself not to fall for it.
Azazel checked his phone, which he’d hooked up to a small, undetectable camera watching Sam in his cell.
Sam grinned at that, and he joined Dean in hugging Cas, nearly crushing him in his hold. But even though Sam was larger, Dean hugged with twice the strength, clinging to Cas like he had no intention to ever let go.
He picked up his pace, pushed himself a little too hard.
Times like these Cas wished he had a way to make his wings corporeal without burning anyone’s eyes out so he could use them to smack Dean in the face, but alas he couldn’t use his wings, so he settled for an elbow to the ribs.
“You won’t look so calm while I’m carving out your kidney.” Ruby slashed the knife through his shirt to expose his skin. His hairs stood on end at the sudden chill, but Sam managed not to shudder or shiver.
“What’s wrong?”
With a few locator spells, Rowena had been able to pinpoint a large supply of power somewhere in the American midwest.
Sam sank back into the dream and reached out, but the figure scrambled away from his outstretched hand and struggled to stand, then ran for a door that hadn’t been there before, leaving behind crimson footprints.
No… Oh hell, no…
Sam punched the wall. His knuckles popped from the force and he felt something crack. He punched again, again, again, over and over, both hands ramming into the concrete. His bones snapped from the force of his strikes and rolled under his skin, shooting him with pain.
Sam groaned and dragged his fingers through his tangled hair. He really needed a shower. And so did Gabriel, who looked like he’d been dragged through mud by his ankles.
Rowena neglected to remind the waitress that service dogs were supposed to wear vests.
So close to Michael, now she didn’t even need a spell to guide her on her way. She followed the pull of his power to the dusty glass door of what looked to be a diner.
“Of course. Go wherever you like.”
“Oh, so you recognized it?” Alastair gave him a smirk and a smug raise of his brow. “Thought you’d like to reacquaint yourself with your favorite old tool of the trade. She’s certainly missed you, that brute of a blade. What was it you liked to call her again, when you used her to carve people up? Oh, right, Baby.”
“Time’s up, Dean. Get snipping.”
“I did some digging to figure out what happened since my death, and wow it’s been a lot. One almost-apocalypse after another it seems, and every single time, there’s always been one name at the center. Winchester.”
A bit of hushed whispering, then, “If you let me stay with him after, don’t throw me back in this cell, if you let me stay with him to make sure he’s alright, or as alright as he can be, then I’ll do it.” Dean went silent, listening to a reply Cas couldn’t hear. “I don’t give a damn. If you want me to suffer, you gotta get me to agree to this, and being with him is the only way I will.”
Hoping that said power belonged to an archangel, Rowena zoomed in on it, her irises flashing violet and the ring of candles surrounding her leaping bright with blue flames. She recognized the presence as angelic, far too strong to be a normal angel, even if depowered. An archangel.
He’d start gasping and crying, trying and failing to choke back high-pitched yelps and whimpers. He’d mouth his pleas for mercy, unable to speak them. And then he’d quiet down, his cries gaining a steady rhythm.
Of all the things Sam had expected to do today, he’d never even considered that he would have ‘babysit an archangel… again’ on the top of his list. And to make it worse, he’d seen Gabriel’s face, moments before hearing his knock on the door. The headache had faded, but not the over-bright, sharpened flashes of blood and burns on Gabriel’s waxy skin.
Before Dean could say anything, his phone buzzed in his pocket. Dean fished it out while drinking his coffee, much more carefully this time, and nearly choked. “Son of a bitch.”
An involuntary shudder crept down his back like a skittering centipede.
Dean raised a brow. “Are you that concerned with my well being or are you just trying to get me alone?”
“Of course. I’m not just gonna abandon you after a vision like that.”
“So what are we waiting for?”
“I have a text from Sam,” said Cas as he checked his phone. He read through it, then read it again. “Oh.”
He coughed and gagged, spitting scarlet.
And Gabriel was no exception. How many times had he died (but not really) until he’d finally stayed dead? How many times had he left a false corpse behind just so he could run away and let someone else deal with whatever problems he’d gotten loosely involved in?
“Sorry,” Sam apologized yet again. “I shouldn’t have asked. I, um, I didn’t mean to scare you or anything. I just…” Sam pressed his palm against his forehead as if that could ease its aching. “I wish there was something I could do to help you. I did this to you, it’s not fair that you should have to handle the fallout on your own.”
“Oh, you’re gonna cry now?”
“My mother--you’ve met her, yes? Rowena, the redheaded witch, current Queen of Hell?” He waited for Bobby’s affirmation before continuing. “She’s been trying to find him with tracking spells. She believes he’s somewhere in Hell, but Hell is vast. It will take some time to look for them, but Hell is a demon’s turf, so she and I will know all the secret spaces to hide.”
And every time, memories flooded behind his eyes, fresh as a wound, bleeding in and out of focus. He saw his own hands, brandishing all varieties of weapons. Blades, whips, spikes, chains, and Gabriel would cower on the ground in front of him, restrained in some way, trembling. Sometimes he’d speak, but normally he’d just squeeze his eyes shut and sob.
Dean said no, of course.
Cas nodded and followed behind, letting Crowley lead the way around the back of the building. The demons would recognize them on sight, and even then there were too many to fight. For now, Crowley had decided to set up microphoned cameras looking into the windows. They could spy on Abaddon and her forces, get an idea of numbers, and overhear plans, all while figuring out a way to kill her.
“Oh, is that so?” Rowena tilted her head towards the offending sign and waved her hand behind her back, casting a little spell to erase it from the wall. “What sign?” And just to be safe, she flicked her fingers toward the waitress to charm her, just a bit.
If Dean were more patient, he might’ve started with an arm or leg and moved to more painful areas as time went on, but he just wanted to know Abaddon’s plans and current location so they could deal with her and Dean could go home with Cas. So Dean, impatient, started with the face.
The scream faded, then, and so did the cell, vanishing into fuzzy blackness, as if he’d closed his eyes tight and then reopened them, only when he opened his eyes again, he saw a stone ceiling in another cell, a flickering yellow bulb dangling above him from a short chain to sway overhead in a dizzying arc. The light barely reached the corners of the cell, but he knew it wasn’t Gabriel’s. This one looked larger, more the size of a room, and he saw a cot and a bucket in the corner.
“Well,” said Crowley, “hopefully he’s the only archangel that comes back.”
“Look at me.”
This again?
“Sam, I--”
Cas’s other limbs weren’t nearly as expressive. He kept his legs tucked under him, and his arms, he crossed over his chest, fingernails digging into his upper arms. Dean shifted his arm so he could take one of Cas’s hands in his and squeeze it.
Because this time, they were wings, and they burst through his skin, unfurling in knots of blood and gold and gracelight blue. The weight of them pulled him down, and his knees buckled beneath him, dropping him to the ground.
Cas reddened. “I am concerned for you, but, ah, we haven’t had much time to ourselves lately. I mean, I just came back from the dead, I think I’ve earned a moment of quiet to just be with you, have everything I was never able to have before. But all we get is one night together before we’re thrown right back into the fight? Just another apocalypse to get in the way,” he sighed. “I know this will sound childish of me, but it’s not fair. We deserve peace, a break, just a few seconds of silence to revel in the victory, but all we get is another emergency.”
Trying to stand again failed him, and this time Sam realized that he had manacled locked around his ankles, chaining him to the floor.
“I’m sorry,” Sam said for what must’ve been the fiftieth time in the past hour.
As Asmodeus left the cell, he waved a hand to let Sam drop.
Maybe if John regretted his choices, Jack would’ve let him stay, but when he had John Winchester questioned, he saw no signs of guilt.
Instead, he chopped Cas’s wing off. Blood gushed from the wound, drenching him in hot, sticky scarlet tinged pale blue.
Up until Sam got a blowtorch, Gabriel didn’t think it could get much worse.
“Thank you, Aunt Amara. Will you be staying in Heaven, or do you wanna go back to Earth? Because I can make a place for you to stay here, if you’d like.” Jack gave her a hopeful smile, still so childlike, almost innocent, even after inheriting infinite knowledge, wisdom, and power.
“They shot me first.” Cas brought his hand up to his chest and rubbed a finger against the slow-healing bullet wound. “It doesn’t hurt so badly now, but it did earlier. The bullet wasn’t normal, but I don’t know what was different about it. It knocked me out, but it’s healing.” Unlike his other injuries. “I tried to fight them when I woke up, but they had me gagged and chained and… and…”
She rolled her eyes. “It’s called a disguise. No one knows it’s me, and I intend to keep it that way. So eat your slop, hide that,” she pointed at the rosary, “don’t waste your water, and try to keep your boyfriend from electrocuting himself to death.” With that, Meg turned on her new vessel’s heel and left the cell.
Cas couldn’t help saying something. “Dean?”
“Look, Alastair he… He wants me to do something to you, and I’m sorry. If you can’t forgive me for this, I understand.”
She didn’t care about the fallout, she just wanted to see the look on Sam’s face.
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean whispered, ignoring Alastair. “I really don’t wanna do this… It’s gonna be okay though,” he promised. “We’ll work it out, we always do.” To get his message across, he ran his fingers up and down Cas’s arms, hoping his touch would drive it home. “C’mon, I guess we should get this over with.”
They were supposed to be Team Free Will, yet look at Dean, cracking under pressure already, about to torture the man he loved on a demon’s say-so with no way to break out or fight back.
Whatever Dean needed to hide, he swallowed.
Alastair doing the torturing would, of course, be much worse than if Dean did it, because Dean could control himself. If he had the knife in his hand, he could choose where and how deep to cut. Logically, Cas would feel much less pain if Dean said yes, but that only covered physical pain. What would it feel like to Cas for the man he loved, the man he lived and died and sacrificed everything for, to hurt him?
And she knew exactly who she’d be bringing back.
Heavy warded links seemed to tighten, squeezing into the feathers like a boa constrictor strangling its prey.
He couldn’t do that to Cas, couldn’t be the hand that hurt him. What if Cas became afraid of Dean? What if Dean lost control of himself and slipped back into the mindset he had in Hell, twisted joy and gory satisfaction? What if Dean went too far and gave Cas a reason to be afraid of him?
Hopefully those exhausted idiots would actually sleep instead of doing literally anything else, but just in case, when Sam got to his room, he dug around in the top drawer of his nightstand till he found a pair of disposable earplugs. Even though he and Dean were used to the sound of gunshots by now, he still kept them around out of habit, and out of the hope that he could keep himself from losing his hearing before age fifty.
(Yes, they, because Jack came to understand that they didn’t have an attachment to gender, and though he didn’t mind the ‘he’ pronoun, he liked ‘they’ too.)
“And Sam?”
Sam scowled. “And I thought I could trust you, but,” he swept an arm out in a wide gesture to the cell, “look where that got me.”
Sam broke away first. “Let's take this inside. There’s a bottle of champagne I bought to drink if we saved the world, but it just didn’t feel right to celebrate without you.” He descended the stairs, called, “C’mon, Miracle,” and left Cas alone with Dean as the dog padded back into the bunker.
“You have wings,” Dean echoed, not bothering to mask the awe in his voice. “Damn, that’s badass.” He corrected to, “Bad, I mean, that’s bad, that they did that to you. Because even though having wings would normally be very cool and you probably look really hot with them, it’s bad in the current situation.”
“Look at me, not him. Apologize for everything you did to me. For traumatizing me, for abandoning me, for lying to me, for only coming back when you needed help with your petty revenge scheme. And then you got yourself killed again. I could have used your help you know, but no, we needed an archangel and you weren’t there so Dean had to let Michael possess him. I almost lost my brother again because you weren’t there, so fucking apologize!”
“Bite me,” Sam growled, straining to keep the tremor out of his voice, but he couldn’t completely disguise the pitched, pained edge lining his words.
“Whatever. Get that stick out of your ass and bask in the glory that is us making Sam Winchester suffer. I didn’t invent spells allowing me to give him fake visions just so you could spend the whole time sulking.”
Repeating his apology for however long he’d be in this cell wouldn’t get him very far. Sam needed a way to prove it, some action he could do that would show they weren’t just words. He really did regret what happened, especially to Gabriel’s wing. It shouldn’t look like that, so dark and damaged, but it did. Because of Sam. He couldn’t repair the damage done, but maybe he could help in another way.
“Yeah, I could’ve. I should’ve. I guess a part of me was ashamed of it, or afraid of it. I only really let myself think about it when I could be sure there were no consequences. Like in Purgatory. Remember Benny?”
Rolling his eyes, Sam got up and started to rummage through his closet. He didn’t have any clothes nearly small enough to fit Gabriel, so he pulled out some jeans and a shirt that on Sam was form-fitting, but on Gabriel would look like a cocktail dress. He set the clothes on the foot of the bed and made for the door to give Gabriel privacy, but Gabriel stopped him.
A glossy wet line on the pavement proved him right.
“Feathers is there too? My my, that’s interesting,” Crowley’s voice crackled from the speaker. “See, my sources claim that he’s been dead. Swallowed by the Empty, now that’s a way to go. Welcome back, angel, your survival is actually quite convenient. Alright, now that the whole family’s there, let’s get to business.”
And yet, he didn’t stop. He ran, stumbling, gasping for breath, still soaked to the bone from the ocean and the rain, without giving himself any time to dry off. Landscapes blurred around him: lit up cities, rolling fields of wheat, stereotypical American suburbia, thick woods, and one inconveniently-placed mud puddle that Gabriel slipped in, face-planting into the muck. He staggered to his feet and kept going, making a rush for Kansas. The only place he could go where he could trust the people around him. The Winchesters had sheltered him before, despite their past, so maybe they’d be willing to do it again.
“Vessel, now what do you want?” Though he tried to sound angry and aggressive, his agitation came off as more frightened, though that was only to be expected if this was the same poor lad that had gotten stuck in the Cage.
He heard a shuffling sound, like Dean had moved closer to the wall. “You can tell me.”
But why was Sam… smiling?
Asmodeus rolled his yellow eyes. “Really, Gabriel, you used to last so much longer. I thought I trained you to handle pain so much better than this? Oh well, I’ll be back when you wake up.”
Gabriel kept falling each time he tried to fly. He knew he needed to rest, replenish. Hell, maybe he should even sleep. Archangels didn’t have to sleep, but he’d indulged in the sweet release of unconsciousness plenty of times.
“You’d have to ask him yourself,” he said between sips of his drink. “The boy won’t talk with me nearby.” Asmodeus chuckled to himself. “I made damn good sure of that. Now… What is it you’re planning, Ruby?”
“You’re right. It’s unfair that we haven’t been able to take some time to ourselves. Now that I’ve admitted--to both you and myself--how I feel, I’m realizing how much I just wanna be with you. I’m tired of fighting. So when this is all over… let’s take a break. Vacation. We deserve to have a moment alone.”
Jack watched them explore, settle, and thrive with the same sense of joy animal rehabilitators must feel releasing birds back to the sky after scrubbing oil from their wings and mending their wounds.
“I assure you, it really is me.”
“That would be very kind of you, Fergus. In the meantime, I’ll take care of our new little friend.” Her voice rose several octaves as she doted on Miracle.
If Cas made a sound, he’d be electrocuted, so Dean stopped doing anything that might elicit a noise.
He’d laid there and thought about Cas.
“I’m so sorry, Cas.” Dean lowered his head to Castiel’s shoulder. “This never should’ve happened. I should be able to protect you. I’ve already failed you too much.” He flicked a few tears off Cas’s cheek with his thumb. “You’ve saved me so many times. From Hell, man, you saved me. And here I am, always failing you. Purgatory, the Fall, the Empty… I should be able to save you the same way you’ve saved me.”
“Well if we do find something to use, it’ll probably be you. This cell is completely empty. I can’t even see a vent, or a drain. There’s this sound though, that I started hearing about an hour ago. Like dripping. I think there’s a leaky pipe behind the walls.”
If only Cas could numb the pain of Dean’s guilt. No matter how many times he tried to assure him that the Righteous Man had to spill blood in Hell, Dean never forgave himself.
Cas sighed. “Dean, in case you’ve forgotten, I am an angel. Drinking scalding beverages isn’t going to bother me.”
“So this’ll be a slow process?” Sam said in a voice that sounded like him but didn’t feel like his own.
Once on land, traveling became a little easier, but exhaustion pulled on him, dragging him down to an agonizingly slow pace. Gabriel hadn’t felt exhaustion in a while, not since Asmodues--nope. Nope, he was not going to think about that.
He still remembered every hall and pass as he walked down to the throne room. Good on his mother, she hadn’t changed too much. They always did have the same taste in decor after all. Even the throne looked the same, dark and bold and imposing, the only difference being that he wasn’t on it.
“Dean.” Cas took his hand and tugged him back, out of the devil’s trap. He spoke in a low, hushed voice so Trepsichore couldn’t hear. “You don’t have to do this. Just let Crowley handle the interrogation.”
Cas gave him an odd look. Is that really all he noticed from that? Not that Dean had a favorite knife in the Pit, not that he tortured countless agonized souls and liked it, but that he’d named a knife after his car.
Lighter didn’t exactly mean easier to carry. Dean took his time, careful of the wings dragging on the floor, and he stopped every time he felt Cas so much as wince.
Sam’s footsteps echoed in the dark cell. “What’ll it be this time?”
“They haven’t hurt me,” Dean said, leaving ‘physically,’ unspoken. “What about you? I’ve been on a rack before, I know how much it hurts.” Cas didn’t answer, contemplating just how much to tell him. “Come on man,” Dean urged, “talk to me. I could hear you from over here, I know they hurt you. How bad is it?”
“Fear not, Squirrel, I’m thinking of a way to stop her without that pesky Mark, but I’ll need some assistance.”
The evidence covered his body, but he couldn’t believe he’d really do… that.
Meat suits would fool a human, but not Castiel. He could see their warped true faces beneath the skin, twisted beyond anything recognizable as human, bearing no remnants of their pasts. If Cas didn’t know for fact that demons had once been ordinary people, he’d never have believed it after looking into their soulless eyes.
“That’s not a problem, is it?”
Castiel only got a second to cough out the blood before the crank made another rotation and he screamed, his bloody tongue flinging crimson droplets across the side of his face, and Dean’s name shot from his lips until his throat went hoarse and he couldn’t scream anymore.
A grin split Ruby’s red lips. Her eyes gleamed deep, glossy black, glittering onyxes reflecting the flashes of lightning outside the window. “What are we waiting for, then? I’ve got a lot of things I wanna do to that bastard, Azazel.”
“I’m sorry,” he said again.
It got inside him. The spell wormed into him. It snaked around every nerve, plucking them like chords, and it took everything in him not to scream as magic that shouldn’t even exist clawed to the base of his grace and ripped, burning colder than hellfire, right through his true form until it reached the piece of him it wanted and pulled out. He couldn’t hold the scream in anymore and he wailed as the spell lifted fragments of his body into the air.
He screamed again at the way his burning wing flared at the slightest movement. Gabriel risked a glance back and the damage. He shuddered.
She wasn’t Jody’s girl for nothing. And he could see some of Cas in her too.
“Because you and Feathers are going to meet me here. I’ll text you the address, and you’ll come by to help me out. We’ll find a way to stop Abaddon, meanwhile Moose uses his connections and research skills to keep tabs on any other known threats who might be back.”
Gabriel must’ve guessed by the crease in Sam’s brow and the unease in his voice that Sam had seen something unpleasant. “Do I want to know?”
“Alright angel, let’s get that bridle off. I want Dean to really hear it when you start screaming.” Metal clinked and clattered on the floor. Cas coughed.
Dean didn’t wanna get up. He had Cas sleeping beside him, head cushioned against Dean’s chest, and Miracle sleeping by his legs, with his snout draped over Dean’s knee.
“No.” Dean tossed his beer bottle in the trash where it broke against the first one. He stood up, chair scraping across the floor. “I need to go let Miracle out.”
They better not be talking about Cas.
A tiny figure, soaked in blood, crawling away from him. They coughed, each hacking breath so violent it shook their whole body.
Sam’s breathing gained weight after a bit, now long and slow, the breaths of a sleeping man. Gabriel thought he could fall asleep himself to the sound, but every time he got anywhere close to unconsciousness, Sam would groan or shudder in his sleep, and Gabriel would jolt back to full wakefulness, speared through with too much adrenaline. It took hours for Sam to wake up, but when he did, he came to without hostility.
“Michael, what’s ‘the Empty?’ Thanks. So,” he told Rowena, “Michael says that's where angels and demons go when they die, but lately he’s been hearing the voices of siblings he said are supposed to be dead.”
“Don’t you get it?” Sam grabbed his burnt wing and yanked so hard Gabriel screeched. “I’m not going to stop. I’m never going to stop.”
“You drank yours,” he sputtered in defense.
He knew this cell better than he knew himself. Every crack and scrape in the stone, every ward carved into the bars, every bloodstain, every scratch mark on the lock from the days when he’d still been brave enough to try escaping, digging his nails into the lock in a useless attempt at picking it. Asmodeus had punished him for that by sliding needles under his fingernails and prying up, peeling them off one by one.
Sam squeezed his eyes shut, but the images didn’t fade out, they intensified, searing into the inside of his skull like a brand, flashing in and out in strobing light, each time closer than the last, and when the figure was close enough, Sam dropped on one knee, finding himself knelt in front of them, eye to bloody, bruised, rolling-back-into-the-skull eye. Even with all the blood and grime, he knew that face. But that couldn’t be, Sam could not be seeing his face.
“A different knife,” he demanded.
The dog didn’t stick out much, even while shaking his fur and huffing. Rowena certainly did though, standing on an unpaved dirt road with only two or three real buildings in sight, and there she was in a jade green form-fitting evening gown and black heels, curls styled to a perfect, elegant bounce. She lifted the hem of her skirt as she walked, careful to avoid the many, many potholes surrounding her.
When Asmodeus had stolen his grace, they’d linked, and they had the ability to sense one another, like a GPS or a homing signal. But that wasn’t possible, Gabriel killed Asmodeus in a blaze of fire. Asmodeus could not be alive. And yet, Gabriel had died too, gutted by his own brother, and here he was.
He opened the kit and dumped everything out, sorting through bandage rolls, suture needles, antibiotic spray, a cloth and rubbing alcohol, bandaids, and butterfly strips. He’d have to make due with what he had. Dean would’ve liked some burn cream for the electrocution burns on Cas’s neck, but he hadn’t even expected this much, so he couldn’t risk asking for more.
Nausea spurred by disgust and fear kept Dean’s hunger at bay for a while, though as each hour crawled on, Dean found his stomach rumbling and aching with need. Dehydration soured and dried his tongue, and the few times he tried to stand up or exercise for something to do ended in his vision blackening and Cas whining in worry.
He shrugged. “We have similar goals. See, the Winchesters took something from him too. From my understanding, he had an archangel--yeah, you heard me right--under his control. A little pet birdie, and he fed on its grace. That archangel is with Sam, weak and damaged, just like you’re feeling now.” Ruby glared, and he rolled his eyes. “Relax, you’ll get back to your old self soon enough. Point is, Sam is stuck babysitting a powerless archangel that my brother wants back, and if we take them both, we all get what we want. We get our revenge.”
“Sam, please, stop… Do I have to beg?”
And yet, Sam couldn’t make himself look.
“Wait, that’s why you keep making those… sounds?”
At least Eileen would still be able to talk to him if that happened.
Seeing him struggle brought her back to the good old days, when she had him begging for her blood, shaking and hungry, a dying man, and she’d been completely in control.
“And what exactly did you see?” Sam didn’t answer, and Gabriel pressed again. “Sam, what happened to me in your vision.”
So who’s blood coated his hands, and why did he have the same headache he always got after waking up from a vision?
As they dragged Bobby, still fuming, from the room, Crowley called, “Bye bye, Singer, I’ll call you when I find anything!”
Cas wasn’t sure how to feel about that.
“How many times do I have to explain to you people that I can’t get drunk?”
If they’d fed him more than just a tray of something he wasn’t sure was really food shoved under the door every other day, he’d vomit. Instead, he got up, pacing circles around the room, and tried to breathe.
“I’m too old for this,” he told no one in particular.
“Where is Abaddon?”
He glared a little more, then huffed, “Fine. What do you know so far?”
“You son of a bitch,” Dean snarled. “Cas, I’m right here, man. I’ll get us out of here and I’ll leave Alastair’s entrails behind, alright?” He had no idea how he would accomplish that, but Cas didn’t need hopelessness. “It’s gonna hurt like a bitch, alright, but I’m right here. I’ll get us out,” he promised.
Sam broke his own hands?
“So glad you asked. See, back when I was King, I started up a little project, designing a bunker of my own, but I never used it because it wasn’t perfected before my death. It’s warded against anything and everything, but it’s got a major flaw: the wards mess with telephone signals and external WiFi signals and such. I never got a chance to fix it, which means no contact with the outside world while I’m inside.”
Rowena rested her elbows on the sticky table and folded her hands to rest her chin on them. “Hello, lad. Do you by any chance know who I am?”
“It’s alright, Dean,” Cas groaned. He nestled his head under Dean’s chin. “I know you’d never choose to hurt me of your own free will.”
Jack decided to add one to the city he’d construct for the souls.
Dean leaned in to whisper in Cas’s ear just as he began sipping the drink, “And another little bonus, your lips will taste especially good now.” He waggled his eyebrows and smirked to get the message across.
Cas peered through the fire. From the balconies above and edging in between buildings, demons swarmed off the streets. Doors opened, and more came out. Just how many forces had Abaddon amassed? Too many, evidently.
Gabriel tried to scramble back, but the chains on his wrists clanked and held him still. Sam pinned him, ignoring stuttering sobs and whines. He set the planks into place. The spikes slashed against Gabriel’s skin and he yelped, but when he tried to lurch back, he just dug the points in deeper, cutting under the skin.
No one spoke, or if they did, Gabriel couldn’t hear them.
“Cute,” she snorted. “But not cute enough to spare. Azazel?”
Dean, Sam, and Cas spent the rest of the night talking, Sam and Dean catching Cas up on all of the things he missed, Cas recounting his days-long journey from the Pacific, and all reflecting on everything that had brought them to this point. All of the struggles, the suffering, the pain, and how they’d risen above it all to finally put an end to the real reason the world was constantly under threat of destruction.
She severed the organ with a slash of her knife, then dropped it on the floor. Sam flinched at the wet plop.
The ticking of his clock, the electronic thrum of the AC unit working, the buzz from all the wires and mechanics running through the walls, the faint hum of the warding that no one would notice if they didn’t know it was there, and any sounds that might come from Dean’s room, including but not limited to whatever Dean and Cas would end up doing, Dean snacking, Dean drinking, Dean cleaning his guns, Dean binge watching Doctor Sexy, and the occasional moment where Miracle would have a dream and start sleep howling. The less he heard his surroundings, the less ammunition his imagination had to weaponize against him while he slept.
“Calm down lad.” Rowena leaned forward. “I’m not here to cause any trouble, and I certainly don’t mean you any harm, not that you’d have any trouble with me if I did. I may be a witch, and a damn good one, but just look at who you’ve got riding shotgun! That being said, I’m gonna need to talk to your roommate, if you don’t mind sending him out.”
“You know, I don’t appreciate being interrupted,” Azazel bitched. “As I was saying,” he huffed with a glare at Asmodeus, “the rip in the Empty keeps moving. It seems to be attracted to bodies of water, probably because underwater is similar to the Empty, with all the quiet and darkness.”
Crowley paused for dramatic effect. “In case you’ve forgotten, I died.” Sam rolled his eyes and bit back a comment about missing the silence. Crowley, oblivious to Sam’s expression, said, “That presents us with a question. How did I, and others, including Feathers, come back?”
The gold hues burnt out, and deep, inky black infected his feathers, spreading like a sickness. He’d only seen this once before, in Castiel. When angel feathers came into contact with hellfire for long enough periods of time, they’d lose their natural coloration (white for angels, gold for archangels) and turn black, stained.
This time, Dean blushed.
She snapped her well-manicured fingers. They vanished in a cloud of black smoke. Rowena’s time in Hell had blended the demonic into her powers, allowing herself to transcend beyond both ‘witch’ and ‘demon’ and become something a little better than both, with all of the perks, including teleportation.
Sam took another sip of beer. Maybe he should set it aside and get water instead. That might help with the headache stabbing behind his eyes. He shrugged the pain aside, just something to deal with later. Right now, he had to listen to his brother. He could offer that much, at least.
That bastard put a shock collar on him.
“No, no, don’t say anything else, don’t answer any of my stupid questions. I’m gonna kill that dickwad when I get us out. Just have to find a way out. Maybe I can fake my death? But I don’t have any way to hide my pulse… I could try breaking a wall. I’d probably just break my hand but then someone would have to come in to make sure I don’t die from an infection.”
Mostly, he took them from Chuck’s designs, the creatures of Earth, but he added in a few more mystical things. Jack had always wished unicorns existed, and still remembered his disappointment when Sam told him otherwise. So he added a few to their Heaven.
Gabriel had had better days. He’d also had worse days, but whatever. That was besides the point. After having the amount of “worse days” that Gabriel had gone through, didn’t he deserve a good day at some point? Just one good day? Apparently not.
It did burn, of course, but not in the same way that ordinary fire did. Flames from the Pit frost-burned him, so cold it felt hot. Icy metal digging into his skin stung deeper than a burn, spearing him to the bone. Warmth became a fleeting stranger, and he tried and failed to resist remembering a time where Asmodeus had heated an iron poker in holy fire and buried it in his flesh, and through all his screams and tears, Gabriel liked it, because he’d gone years feeling nothing but cold.
By the way Dean’s voice broke in the middle, barely concealing a ragged breath wetted in tears, Cas figured out the full extent of the offer. Chills rippled through his skeleton, icing the edges of every bone.
Wheezing, gasping, choking, spitting out icy water. The body was no longer just a body, he was a man, a living man. And he was something more.
Yet, with all his preparations, betrayal always hurt the same, even when he expected it.
“I knew that would get your attention.” He leaned closer and his voice dropped to a whisper. “Sam Winchester is responsible for your downfall, just as he is mine. Why should he survive while we were forced to die? Why should he succeed when we had to fail--by his hand. We had a mission, and he took that from us.”
Sam waited for the cell door to slam and lock before he dragged his feet under him and, using the wall to support his weight, he stood up. Pain flared up in his gut and he froze, stopping to breathe until it passed. It took him longer than he wanted to stagger with his weight braced on the wall towards Gabriel, but he managed not to fall as he reached up to unchain him with fumbling fingers. The splints on his hands didn’t cover his fingers, but that didn’t make them easier to move. He undid the latch at the back of the bridle and pulled it off. Sam tossed it into the corner where it clanked and rolled into the shadows, out of sight and out of mind.
Alistair had laughed, taken Dean’s knife, and left, but he’d said “maybe.”
“Bastard hits hard,” said an unfamiliar voice, tone pitched in pain.
“Yes,” she started, drawing the word out, “but it’s complicated. See, several unsavory figures are also back from Empty. Demons abducted Dean and Castiel, and I fear the same is true of Sam and Gabriel. Two separate abductions, and I haven’t had much luck with either. When I sensed your grace I actually thought it was him at first.”
“I’d love to, but you never know who’s listening.” The demon winked. “Make sure you save the water. I’m not sure when I’ll be able to replace it. And I’ll have to count the needles when you’re done, so don’t try stealing any of them. They’re too small to make good weapons anyway. Good luck, Dean. Clarence.”
“Um,” Sam started, the words fizzling out before they began.
Why? Where were they, how did they get here, and why did Sam have Gabriel’s blood on his skin? And why, why did Gabriel look so frightened, trembling hand enough for his teeth to chatter. What happened, what…
“Shut the hell up,” Asmodeus huffed. He reached for a chain dangling from the ceiling and bound Gabriel’s wrists above his head with it in serpentine coils. “I like you better when you’re silent. I could sew your mouth shut again, but I actually had another idea.”
“Yeah,” Sam assured him. “He’s better than okay, actually. So, ah, this is kinda trippy to think about since we basically raised the kid, but he’s God now.” Cas stared, stunned. “Right? It’s crazy. But yeah, so he became a sort of power vacuum and he started sucking in power, and he ended up absorbing Chuck, and Amara by extension, so Chuck is completely powerless now, and Jack took his place.”
Stupid question. Of course it hurt, he’d burned Gabriel’s wing up with a hellfire blowtorch until the feathers had shriveled and crumbled to bloody ash, leaving behind a skeletal frame spattered with clustered black feathers clinging, desperate, to the bones, too stubborn to break away and fall. How could that not be absolutely agonizing?
“Dammit Moose,” he said to the empty air, “what have you gotten yourself into?”
“Oh, so that’s why you’re wet.”
Where the hell… where in hell… Hell? This had to be Hell, didn’t it? It didn’t look like the Cage (he knew those walls better than he knew his own bedroom) but it had to be somewhere in Hell.
He knelt beside Gabriel and set a hand on his leg. “When I’m done with you, you’ll never be able to run away again.”
So many fucking Tuesdays.
In the Beginning, God created the Heavens and the Earth. In the year 2020, Jack Cline redesigned Heaven to become something a little bit better. He understood the idea of personal Heavens, since everyone had a different idea of paradise, but what were repeated existing memories compared to new memories? So instead of individual rooms of lies, he demolished the whole structure, and let the souls roam free.
After about ten minutes straight of humiliating pleading, Alistair said “maybe” to Dean’s request for medical supplies so he could piece together what remained of Cas and stop him from losing any more blood and grace.
“No.” Dean’s voice, of course, loud and ever-defiant. “Never.”
Sam cut him off with a stinging backhand slap. “Do you ever shut up?” He leaned down, pressing his weight on Gabriel’s knee till he elicited a sobbing wail. “I know I don’t have to do this. I’m not hurting you because I have too, I’m hurting you because I want to.”
“We’re waiting for Sam to black out again so I can redo the mind link on Shifty.”
“For Sam and Dean,” Jack whispered when he gave the order to send John to Hell.
Gabriel found himself clinging to the hope that maybe, just maybe, he could get out with at least one wing intact.
The door slammed, Alastair gone.
Ruby revived his dead memories with a knife in his gut.
Cas hung from the ceiling, facing away from Dean, feet barely grazing the floor, and a dark red puddle sat static under him, only rippling when Cas’s toes brushed over the surface. Blood slithered, sluggish, from too many wounds for Dean to count. His torn-up wrists, gashes on his bare back, punctures and lacerations covering him all over, leaking burns. But the most blood came from the base of his wings, waterfalling down his back from gaping rips where his wings were broken and the bones drove like white knives through feathered skin.
“DEAN!” Cas rushed as close as he could get to the flames without them touching him, heat searing all around him. If his vessel could sweat, he’d be drenched in it.
Sam finished his coffee, then meandered back to the kitchen where he set the mug in the sink amongst a pile of other unwashed dishes and turned to the stove. Sam set a pan on the stove and turned it on. He got some eggs out of the fridge and cracked them into the pan to cook. Maybe he’d make an omelet, he hadn’t had an omelet in a while, but as Sam cooked, he tried to fold the eggs into proper omelet shape and--welp, looks like he’d be eating scrambled eggs instead. Sam finished cooking and transferred the eggs to a plate before he turned back to the stove. Sam picked up the pan to rinse it off in the sink. Then he dropped it.
Jack’s blood ran cold.
“And if we gave a damn we would have asked for it,” Asmodeus sassed back. “Now go outside, and just stand there and look pretty till we need you. You’ll get to flambé some angel wings this time.”
“Let's get to business,” Crowley said from the opposite end of the room, carefully avoiding the devil’s trap, plus the holy water and salt he’d provided Dean with for the sake of getting information.
Ruby folded her arms. “It’s clever, I’ll admit, linking his mind to a shifter,” she said, glancing at the shapeshifter across the room costumed in Sam’s skin, “but I was hoping for something a little more hands-on. I wanna make that bastard bleed after all the shit I had to go through because of him. I had to let him drink my blood. Do you know how gross it feels to have someone’s tongue flapping around in your open wounds?”
“Hold still, boy,” he commanded, so Gabriel obeyed.
And all around Cas, feathers. Charred, crooked, most of them missing, and the remaining ones had twisted into broken angles. Sam followed the line of the feathers curving up exposed burn scars and blackened bones, finally ending at Cas’s shoulders. Angel wings, he knew without having to think about it, because Sam knew what angel wings looked like now.
He lost his hold on the premonition showing him Dean and Cas and plummeted into the memories he couldn’t fight off anymore.
Terpsichore didn’t answer, just gave him a tight-lipped smirk, so Dean stuck the knife into the corner of her lip and sawed under the skin. She hissed through gritted teeth as cold metal bit her warm flesh, sliding under her upper lip and severing the skin from the meat. Dean peeled, exposing vivid red blood, and he dropped the fleshy mass on the ground.
“Scotch. Double.”
Sam tightened the screws. He took his time, waiting each time for Gabriel to get used to the pain. Sam had been tortured too, he knew how it went. When you spend centuries under the knife, you start to get used to the pain, or maybe you learn how to block it. But every time that pain got worse, he'd lose his concentration and it would hit him again full force. So he did the same to Gabriel, allowing him a minute or two between tightenings to get used to the pain.
Could an angel even get gangrene? Best not to risk it.
Alastair unlocked the cell door and shoved Dean out into the hall. He didn’t bother with restraints, which seemed a little out of place, but Dean wouldn’t complain about that. Maybe he could use it to his advantage.
It took him a moment to realize that the knocking sound didn’t come from his own mind, it came from somewhere else. The knocking sounded again, and Miracle barked, trotting towards the stairs. Sam groaned and pushed himself to his feet, gripping the counter for balance.
For the next few hours, every time Cas made any noise, even as little as breathing too hard, the collar shocked him. How high must the voltage be to be able to hurt him?
The demon snorted. “Sometimes I forget why you’re not the smart one in your family, and then you go and do something like this, and all of the sudden I remember that you have the brain cell count of an amoeba.”
“You awake?”
He got out just in time to say goodbye to Jody, Donna, and their daughters, and then he’d retreated to his room again.
“Did I wake you?”
“I thought you’d never ask.”
What he wouldn’t give for some pie. Thinking about pie, using his imagination to picture warm, cinnamon apple chunks and a flaky crust, got Dean through the whole bowl. And what he wouldn’t give for a beer to wash it down.
“Look what you did,” Sam growled. “I was finally enjoying myself. I got rid of Chuck, I had my family back together, and you just had to screw it all up. You could have gone literally anywhere else, but no, you had to come crawling back to the Bunker, bringing all your problems with you. Asmodeus never would have found me if you’d dealt with this shit on your own.”
Hell had its moments of quiet, but they never lasted long, always shattered when some demon cackled or some soul screamed. Some methods of torture, like electric saws and meat grinders, made quite a bit of noise while in use. The tap of dripping blood could sound like a roar in these echoing halls.
But Sam hadn’t woken up in his bed. He woke up on a hard stone floor, and the air reeked of coppery blood and sulfur, the all too familiar odors of Hell, but this room was empty, no shelves stocked with tools of torture, thank Jack, and he didn’t see Gabriel anywhere.
They sloped hills down from snowy mountain foothills and carved rivers and canyons through the valleys. He flattened the hills into plains, and dried the grass to sand to form cactus-spotted red deserts, with a few tweaks to keep the temperatures from becoming uncomfortable. They sloped the sand downwards to create plunging basins; Jack filled them with salt water, then plankton and kelp and coral and marine life. He created pines, deciduous woods, rainforests, marshes, tundras, boreal forests, taigas, plateaus, and islands, then filled them with creatures.
“Strap him on the rack.”
“Well it’s not a painless process, Dean, and I need to be able to walk so you don’t have to carry me when we escape.”
The only color in the room came from a smeared maroon stain where Dean’s blood had leaked out of his nose and dried on the floor while he’d been unconscious.
It took the wings much longer to pop out. His bones stung, striking his nerves as they clung in desperation to his body before finally giving way.
Sam gasped and tensed, but he wouldn’t give her the satisfaction of a scream. Pain clawed under his skin with the blade as Ruby cut him open. She slashed his skin, cutting through every layer, and peeled him open, exposing his blood and meat. His organs throbbed. Sam swallowed bile and closed his eyes.
Eventually Miracle got him up by yawning and standing up in bed, stretching his paws out. His claws scraped against Dean’s leg before he jumped off the bed to scratch at the door.
The spotty light from the moon and the city skated over the cracked edges, streaking in thin lines, and reflecting his face back at him. He stared into his own eyes, vivid blue, and his hair, black and damp, his clothes, ragged and sand-stained. He’d paled, waxy skin contrasted by half-moon circles under his eyes darker than bruises and the shadow of stubble ghosting his jawline. He’d looked better, but he still looked recognizable, just enough that he could remember his name. He could remember who he was, what he was, what he’d done, and why he had to keep moving, crawling up the beach, even though his legs were too weak to carry his weight.
When he lost the ability to hold his hands in a fist, he beat them in wet, flopping smacks into the wall, ramming his palms and the sides of his hands until he heard the bones crunch.
“You can come back in now,” he called a moment later.
Did Gabriel do some messed up shit to Sam and Dean? Yes. Had Sam forgiven him? Not entirely. But did he deserve to be beaten and peeled and flogged and… No. He didn’t.
Sam had burned Gabriel’s wing up. If Cas’s wings were anything to go by, that would never heal. Sam did that. Sam did that to him, and some twisted piece of him had liked it, hungered for it.
Face flushing even redder, Cas said, “We’re alone now.”
“It’s okay,” he whispered. “I’ve got you. Whatever it takes, I’ll find a way to protect you. I’ve got you.”
Jack had the souls reexamined, and told the angels to bring a select few down to Hell. Chuck had made exceptions for people who shouldn’t have been allowed past the gates. Not very many, less than ten, but only one name stuck out to Jack. John Winchester. Who dragged his sons into a life of pain and vengeance, and who had no remorse for it.
“Had,” he corrected. “I’m no longer in charge of Hell, which severely limits my available resources. And you lot are quite good at dealing with impossible odds, so you’re my go-to.”
He’d been the warmth. The pulse had been Sam’s own heartbeat, which Gabriel had heard when Sam cradled his head against his chest, and the touch had been Sam’s hands.
“You let me know the second you find anything. Anything at all, even if it’s just a hair or a scuff in the dirt, hear me? I can’t stand the idea of Sam being alone in Hell after all he’s gone through.”
Miracle perked up and barked his affirmation. His tail wagged fast enough to blur in the air. Rowena couldn’t resist giving him a few pats before clipping the leash on.
Asmodeus approached a shelf along the wall, lined with boxed filled with various torture implements, all locked away, otherwise Sam might’ve tried to use something in there to fight his way out. Asmodeus unlocked a box and took out an object Sam wished he didn’t recognize.
At least Rowena made their job easier. For the Queen of Hell, she was friendly and helpful, and she never tried anything to cause problems. She even released a few souls Chuck had damned without reason, and made no complaint.
“Something rolled under there,” he warned Sam, voice rising, and Gabriel grabbed his arm to yank him back.
Cas couldn’t say anything, and even if he could it would’ve been muffled by his shaken sobs, so instead, he ran a trembling finger across Dean’s lips, then leaned in and silenced him with a kiss.
Adam’s head ducked, and the same hushed, hesitant voice crawled out. “I think I can.”
She hefted herself onto a barstool and leaned on the counter, attempting in vain to hide her labored breathing, exerted by the short walk to the bar with her… companion.
If not for the constant threat of pain, Cas would let himself relax completely, lulled into a sleep-like state where he could just close his eyes and pay attention to nothing more than Dean’s presence. His hands, the sound of his breath, his scent (which would be pleasant in other circumstances where Dean hadn’t been covered in sweat and blood.)
He had free will.
When Crowley arrived at the Men of Letters bunker, he found the door ajar. He adjusted his grip on his blade and held it ready as he nudged the door further open. It creaked, groaning on its hinges, and red light flickered around its frame.
“Oh hello,” Rowena greeted, hopping off her throne. Her glittering red evening gown swished as she walked and her stilettos clicked on the floor. “It’s so good to see your lovely face in a dreary place such as this.”
He tried to forget the screaming but he knew he never would.
Gabriel stood over Sam with the knife poised to strike if the demon came close to them. He summoned the scattered embers of his grace and fanned the flames with his fury till his power flickered to life, flashing blue in his irises… before fizzling out like a blown light bulb, dark and broken. Shit.
While Dean and Crowley indulged themselves in their happy juice, Cas stood beside the bar, envying, not for the first time, the ability of demons and humans to get drunk, and to enjoy the taste of what they drank.
He had to. He knew he had to. Sam deserved his apology and so much more, so he had to force the words out. He couldn’t keep using his fear as an excuse, he just had to say something, say something dammit, but his mouth hung open, tongue still, and he couldn’t seem to make it move. Why couldn’t he just speak?
Alastair chuckled. “Haven’t you figured it out yet, Dean? I am torturing you. I’ve already broken you with pain, that’s nothing new. Been there, done that. But if I torture your angel while you’re helpless to stop it? Now that’s something I’ve yet to do. I kill two birds with one stone, break you both together, and there’s not a damn thing you can do about it.”
Ruby.
He didn’t expect to enjoy it. He didn’t think he should enjoy it. After all, what kind of person liked torturing people? He never took joy in hurting or killing, even monsters. He did it, of course, because someone had to, and he’d had the life forced on him before he was born, but he didn’t like it. He tried his damndest to get out, only for fate to intervene and drag him back in.
“You awake?”
“See,” Sam whispered against his hair, “that’s not so bad, right? Touch doesn’t have to hurt you.”
Maybe he could use his feet. Asmodeus had kicked him half to death on more than one occasion, stomping on his ribcage till it inverted and crushed his organs, snapped bone shards spearing through his lungs and left him hacking up blood for hours. On days like those, Gabriel cursed the fact that he couldn’t die so easily.
But after today, he’d never be able to comfort Cas in that way again. He just chopped Cas’s wing off. A piece of his true form, something that had always been a part of him, gone.
Pinned, muted, exposed, and helpless, he could only lie there and try not to scream as Alastair stretched out his limbs, crank inching over every turn until his joints started popping from the sockets.
For the first time, the nightmare forced him to feel real pain, and his eyes snapped open. He scrunched in on himself and screamed just once before remembering what would happen if he dared use his voice. He clamped his jaw shut and flinched into the same warmth from earlier, before realizing its source.
Before the body broke through the surface of the Empty and the surface of the sea.
Dean had more experience with rack torture than he wanted to think back on, and no way in hell would he let those asshats do the same to Cas.
“Dean,” Cas mumbled, “what time is it?”
Food done, Dean cleaned Cas’s wounds with a cloth soaked in rubbing alcohol. Cas clenched his jaw and squeezed Dean’s hand to fight off the pain, and he tried his hardest not to groan. Dean focused on the gaping wounds on Cas’s shoulders first, mopping out grit and dried blood. The wounds smelled sour, so he used the antibiotic spray as well, for good measure.
“I could piss off, but I’m sure you want your food.”
“Alright, Cas and Sam are here, tell them what you told me,” Dean said into the phone and tapped the screen to put it on speaker.
If Cas hadn’t been chained up, he might’ve had the strength to break through the wall dividing them.
Dean growled low in his throat, but stepped back, and made no move to keep struggling. Cas released his grip, but Dean didn’t pull away from Cas’s hands. Taking that as permission to continue physical contact, Cas slid an arm around Dean’s shoulders.
“Right here,” an unfamiliar voice directed, drawing lines across Gabriel’s back with his fingernail.
“Dean…”
“Unfortunately,” he replied, voice raw and croaky. Gabriel coughed till he could speak a little better. “So ah, surprise, I’m not dead. This time I wasn’t faking though, I actually did die, but now I’m back. And wow, I feel like shit. I didn’t have anywhere else to go so I figured I’d just crash here for a while.”
“I said you don’t have to say anyth--” Dean cut himself off and gave his brain a second to catch up with his mouth. “It’s still in? That asshole just left you here like that?”
“What?”
“Good.”
“Do you actually have a silk bathrobe?”
At half the speed he used while moving away, Gabriel crawled back towards Sam, stiffened by tension that wanted to latch him in place. He pushed through, untangling fear from his limbs long enough to drag himself back into place.
“Then you go--” Dean’s voice cut off when a demon rammed him from behind and slammed him into the ground, winding him. “Go,” he wheezed, words tensed and clipped as he struggled from under the demon. “Go to the bunker, get Sam--”
“Your hands are shaking.”
“The hell?” Sam mumbled.
He couldn’t figure out the location other than Hell, so he moved on to checking himself over physically. Other than the chains on his ankles rubbing his skin raw, he had no injuries. So where had all this blood come from, why did he have so much blood all around him, on his hands, matted in his hair, up his nose, down his throat, if it wasn’t his blood, then who’s blood could it possibly--
Good riddance to that bastard anyway. He couldn’t admit how he felt about his father to Dean, because Dean and John had always gotten along. They understood each other, bound by the shared horror of remembering Mary pinned to the ceiling and wreathed in fire. But Sam hadn’t known his own mother’s face until years later when she came back from the dead. No one ever stayed dead in Sam’s life it seemed.
“Oh. Right.”
Ruby got up to snatch Azazel’s bottle of booze and pour herself a glass. “Any way to track the rip’s movements?”
Sam found himself remembering some of his moments in Hell where he’d lost body parts, especially organs. Temporarily, of course, since they’d always grow back after. He felt like Prometheus on some days, chained up and tortured as a reward for helping humanity. He didn’t have an eagle pecking out his liver, though. No, he’d have preferred an eagle, because a bird couldn’t taunt him, insult him, degrade him, take him apart with words alone.
Sam shuffled towards the cell door and examined the locks. Heavily warded, even with Gabriel on low power. If they weren’t in Hell, he should’ve fully recovered the use of his grace by now. If Gabriel had access to his powers, they’d be able to escape without much problem, even if Gabriel couldn’t fly.
Who was ‘he?’ Not Cas, right? Because whoever got Dean must’ve got Cas too, unless he’d gotten out of that holy fire ring somehow after Dean got knocked out, which must’ve been when that demon tackled him. He remembered running to Cas, telling Crowley to get Sam, hitting the ground, and not much else.
He’d have to rely on what he’d felt while trapped in that closet then. Terror, desperation, and the panic-induced realization that he had more power than he realized.
“Last time we thought you were back, it turned out to be a trick.”
Dean had been hesitant at first. If he tortured a demon, he could be torturing the vessel too, but Crowley and Cas both confirmed that there was no human soul inside the demon’s body. Crowley offered to do the work himself, but Dean wouldn’t let him. Crowley would relish in torture, draw it out, and take up time they didn’t have. Cas offered next, but he didn’t have the kind of experience necessary to break a creature forged in the fire and agony of the Pit.
As sickening as it felt to have his wings out, exposed to sulfurous air and heavy with the wet weight of his own blood, he knew that it was his own fault. Gabriel had done this to himself, and to Sam, and deserved whatever penance he had to pay.
“No,” he snarled, his breath hot on the back of Gabriel’s neck…
“Sorry,” he whispered when Cas flinched.
His hands appeared in front of him, clinging to wet sand as he hauled himself from the water to heave and vomit up half an ocean onto the shore, the salt and stomach bile burning his throat. With his lungs and stomach clear, he could crawl, hauling his wet form across the sand, fragments of seashells dashed against the rocks by the waves digging into his palms.
Sam cut the distance in two, scooting forward until they came into contact again. Gabriel flinched at Sam’s fingertips closing over his hands, but Sam didn’t do anything but rub his thumbs into the backs of Gabriel’s hands while moving closer until Sam, slow and careful enough to avoid causing Gabriel any extra pain for some reason, arranged them back into the position Gabriel woke up in, with his head against Sam’s chest and warm hands running through his hair and across his wings.
He really shouldn’t stare at them, considering that he’d royally screwed them up beyond repair, but he couldn’t resist looking. Even ragged and damaged and filthy, they had a beauty to them, something magnetic pulling his eyes toward their glossy, gilded sheen.
Jack wanted to argue. There’s no excuse for child abuse, after all, or for any abuse, but John had clouded his eyes with his own arrogance. As if his poor parenting had somehow been harder on himself than his sons. This man didn’t deserve to stay in Heaven if he couldn’t at least admit his mistakes. Instead of arguing, they damned John’s soul.
9:17, he read on the digital clock. “Too early. I don’t wanna get up.”
Rowena nodded, though the way Michael’s vessel seemed so determined to hide him away didn’t seem like a good omen. Michael even had to ask permission from his vessel to come out, when normally an entity would just shove their vessel’s mind aside and take over. He had plenty of power inside him, but how willing would he be to use it?
“Yeah, Cas.” Dean stared at the ground for a moment, then looked back up, locking eyes with Cas. “I love you, the same way you love me, and I’ve been an idiot and a coward for not admitting it earlier.” He took Cas’s hands in his own, calloused fingers brushing against Cas’s skin with impossible tenderness. “I’m so sorry that it took your death for me to finally get it right.” Dean swallowed. “Let me prove it to you?”
Gabriel glanced in his direction, revealing little with his wide-eyed stare, but Sam made out the outlines of disbelief about the apology in his face, shadowed beneath all the trembling, pallid fear.
Asmodeus’s dark laugh cut through his defenses and this time he did flinch.
But he had to get to Dean in order to have that embrace, or even just a comforting hand on his back, something to anchor him and prove he wasn’t alone. At this point, he’d take anything. A glimpse, a brush of their fingers together, anything. Anything at all.
“I gagged your angel,” Alastair informed him. “He’s growling at me now, but he can’t say a damn word unless he wants to slice his tongue off.”
“Gabriel, can I touch your wings?” Sam regretted the question the second he asked it when Gabriel’s head snapped up and the little color left in his face blanched. “I’m not gonna hurt you, I just wanted to see the wounds. See if there was anything I could do for them, and maybe straighten some of those feathers for you.”
Sam almost choked on his drink. “No, you most certainly didn’t.” If Dean had ever told him that, he would have remembered, and maybe used it against Crowley, or against Dean, or both of them. “Did you two, ah, y’know…”
So somehow he’d fallen asleep again. Maybe he’d been more depowered by his return to the living world than he thought, and he’d passed out without realizing it. Any minute now, he’d wake up, maybe in Sam’s bed again, and Sam would make some sassy comment about him needing to lay off the chocolate chip pancakes, and Gabriel would still be shaking with fear from the nightmare but that would wear off when he saw Sam and he would laugh at the comment and say something snarky in response. Any minute now.
Silence faded back in. Mostly. Sam’s shallow breaths sounded far too loud, far too close, but he didn’t do anything. Probably wasn’t even awake.
“What do you want?”
Cas nudged him and waved his hand for Dean to go on.
Once they’d come out of the sockets, Alastair kept turning the crank until his flesh split open with a rip of agony and Cas sobbed as well as he could with his jaw forced shut and his tongue bleeding, all the while Dean shouted for him, demanded Alastair leave him be until Alastair finally unlocked the bridle and dropped it aside.
‘Out, Squirrel,” Crowley ordered. “Swallow your pride already and let me have a chat with my guest like a good and proper host.”
They said nothing for the next minute, Ruby taking a moment to drink and catch her breath. She’d been… dead? And now she wasn’t? As she remembered the moment of her death, her fist tightened till brown glass cracked beneath her white fingers. How dare he? After all the power she gave him, how dare he?
Sam sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose as he turned back to face Gabriel. “No, they're the most small. What the hell were you expecting, a silk bathrobe?”
Though Sam found himself remembering the time when Ketch had rescued Gabriel from Asmodeus. Gabrie hadn’t even taken in his grace until Sam managed to get through to him, and after that, Gabriel hadn’t actually used his powers until he had to, with no other way out.
“Abaddon.”
Cas rolled his eyes. Of course that’s what interested Dean the most. Not the knight of Hell trying to conquer all of demonkind so she could destroy humanity, not the fact that even if they were on the same side Crowley was in no way trustworthy. The drinks, the gambling, all of Earth’s greatest temptations in one place. Cas had never been there himself, and had no desire to, but the whole ‘demon trying to kill everyone’ problem was more important than personal preference.
“I can’t, dammit, you know I can’t. I can’t do that to you.”
So he didn’t pull away when Sam grabbed him by the shoulders, spun him around, and shoved him up against the wall. He flinched, because how else could he react, but he leaned back, soaking in the warmth of Sam’s strong hands, alive with blood and pulse and heat beneath the skin.
“... me instead?” That sounded like Alastair. Another jumble of whispers, too tangled for Cas to unravel, until his voice raised, and his next words came out clear and sharp. “You agreed before. You’ll do it again.”
Crowley rolled his eyes at the mutt. “Once I’ve figured out who betrayed you and we’ve thoroughly punished them, I propose you pick one Winchester-angel pairing to rescue, and I’ll take the other. Those boys and their boyfriends will owe us bigtime for saving their asses.”
“Shit,” Dean growled. “How are we gonna gank her again? I’m not getting the Mark of Cain back. I don’t know if I could, but even if I could, I'm not doing that again.” He glanced at Cas, and Sam didn’t have to guess to know Dean still felt guilty about hurting him.
Maybe he was being childish, but he didn’t really want to cover himself for the sake of warmth, because he didn’t feel cold, he felt exposed. As if in the dark corners of the cell, something watched him with invisible eyes, a wolf (or in this case, a hellhound) sizing up a clueless fawn, unantlered, alone, and defenseless.
“Yes,” Cas assured him. “My grace has just been feeling drained since I got back. It’s been getting better by the day though. When I first woke up, I couldn’t even feel it, like there was something smothering it. I have enough to heal you of small injuries though, that’s no problem. It’ll just tire me out.” He reached for his coffee mug and took several swallows.
So Dean had taken Cas by both hands and assured him he’d be fine before Crowley finished the summoning spell, unleashing a bright red light and a black cloud materializing into the shape of a brunette woman giving him the stereotypical ‘I won’t talk.’
Sam slept through the night, for once. No violent visions or horrific nightmares woke him up. Instead, a hand on his shoulder did.
He pressed his ear against the wall. The coolness eased some of the ache in his skull. He stood in silence, breathing through his mouth so his blood-crusted nose didn’t make his breaths snuff. He waited, waited, and then heard muffled voices.
Azazel snorted. “Are you kidding, Ru? Did you see the way he lost his lunch? And all the crying and whining, he definitely fell for it.”
He pinched himself, nails digging into his skin, just a little too tight and breaking skin, but that had to be enough to wake him up.
“You’re in danger,” Sam forced out. “I didn’t see anyone else, only you, so I don’t know who from, but you are definitely in danger. I only saw it in flashes, and my premonitions aren’t always correct. I’ve been able to stop them actually, in the past. But after what I saw, well, we need to be careful.”
Dean gestured to a coffee pot with a mug beside it. Sam filled the mug to the top.
He went silent for a bit, and Cas said nothing. He’d let Dean take his time working through it all in his head. Castiel’s own mind wandered, and he found himself wondering if Dean had resisted Michael for so long because he had given in to Alastair’s offer in Hell. How much of his drive for free will had come from the decades where he had no will or agency, where the only choice he could make was to suffer or suffer in another way?
But there was another demon, wasn’t there? He couldn’t remember much from that morning past Sam making breakfast, but he had flashes. A clatter, smoke, a woman.
Actually…
Even charred and bloody, they felt oddly soft, just like a bird, and in other circumstances he wouldn’t have been able to resist burying his fingers into them.
“Tell me, am I speaking to Michael or his vessel right now?”
Metal scraped against Cas’s skin, rubbing back layer by layer, stripping his flesh to the bone. The spikes didn’t help, lining the inside of the shackles encircling his wrists. Each point speared him, too tight and too sharp and stabbing him with pain. He couldn’t move, or he might dig the spikes in deeper, so Cas held still, forcing his breaths to come out even so he wouldn’t tremble.
Rowena raised a brow. “Is that really why you’re trying to help, or have you gained a little bit of a soft spot for them?”
Fingers prodded around inside him, fishing in his guts. He could feel every jab of her nails, every excruciating flare as she brushed up against exposed nerves. His stomach rolled but Sam managed to swallow.
Gabriel gave him an expectant look not too different from a child standing in the candy aisle at the store, holding armfulls of chocolate bars, and staring up at the parents with giant, pleading eyes. Try as he might to resist it, Sam gave in, and he returned to his closet, where he pulled out some soft pajamas that Mary had bought for him.
If only, if only…
“I’ve noticed, Samsquach.”
“Shut the hell up,” Sam snapped and cut him deeper. The knife’s edge scraped his bones. “For once in your life, just shut up. Honestly I liked you better when you had your mouth stitched shut.”
Gabriel’s blood stained Sam.
Okay, fine. Sam could deal with that later.
“Yeah. He was alright, for an angel. He died in the fight to get my people out of our world, but I guess he’s back too, huh?” Bobby scratched his beard. At least Sam had someone, but companionship wouldn’t be enough if Sam’s old wounds reopened. “Still, my point stands, Sam and Hell is a bad combination. You find my boys, and don’t you dare lose them Crowley, or I will spill your guts myself.”
Rather than becoming angry or violent, Michael closed off entirely, and sank back into Adam. Adam whispered too low for Rowena to hear, no doubt speaking to Michael.
Dean reached up, straining on the tips of his toes, to reach the shackles. He unlatched them and pried the metal apart. The shackles opened with a spurt, splattering Dean in Cas’s blood. Dean looked a little closer, and noticed the spikes lining the inside. No wonder Cas had so many cuts on his wrists, with those damn things ripping his skin to the bone.
He hesitated, heart pounding, then lifted his hand to knock, but before his knuckles could touch the door, it swung open.
“If you two are done bickering like an old married couple, can we get on with it?” Crowley gestured to the doors of a towering resort, guarded by demons in disguise.
And then he went to Hell.
The pain left him pale and breathless, with sweat dripping down his forehead, his whole body overcome with intermittent shakes and twitches. Some of the feathers still attached to his wings stood on end, shaking in their displeasure. But the worst pain had been the silence. Cas didn’t have any way to alert Dean that he was still there without electrocuting himself, and Dean, probably thinking Cas had fallen unconscious, didn’t say a word, leaving him completely alone until he heard the crack of Dean’s cell door opening and low voices.
And Sam watched himself kneel down behind Gabriel, who’s wings had both been chained and spread as far as they could go in the cramped space. He picked the left wing at random, and turned on the blowtorch, exposing a beam of blue flame reeking of sulfur.
They were too big to just bandage, so Dean stitched the wounds closed. Pulling the thread had an odd sense of finality to it, like closing the wounds was the last step in declaring Cas wingless, and now Dean had no way to fix them.
Wait, and think.
“Kinky,” the demon smirked.
Sam shoved him hard enough to topple him. The chains wrenched at his wrists and cut his skin as he fell, digging out thin lines of blood. Gabriel’s back scraped against stone. He struggled to sit back up, no small task while he couldn’t move his arms and trembled like a leaf in a hurricane.
No one bothered them, or even noticed them, as they stuck around, potionioning cameras into the windows. No one at all. Which, for a building full of demons, didn’t seem normal.
Shit, shit… He’d have to fly what distance he could, and swim the rest. Gabriel entered a loop of lifting himself from the water, traveling as far as he could, and then falling back into the waves, panting and choking on saltwater. Eventually, he managed to make his way to shore, crawling up on the sand with frigid rain pelting him from above.
Castiel flicked his eyes open and stared up at Dean. He didn’t speak, but he tried to convey all of his needs and desires into one piercing stare; the eyes that had watched nebulae bloom and mountains rise and fall saw even greater beauty and wonder in Dean Winchester.
Dean frowned. “Hey, do we know if Jack brought Michael back? He probably brought Adam back to life when he brought everyone back to life, but did he resurrect Michael too?”
Unless that was part of the act.
“I thought I’d lost you,” Dean said. He punched Cas on the arm, but with no strength or rage to power it. “Never do that to me again, you asshole.”
Dean stared down at his hands. They really were shaking, slight tremors running through his fingers, only held still by Cas’s touch, solid and grounding and the only thing keeping him on Earth and out of Hell.
Before he hurt Cas, Alastair always came into Dean’s cell.
As satisfying as it would’ve been to cover Ruby in vomit, he didn’t wanna puke inside his own body. That would probably kill him, or at least screw him up.
Miracle had gotten him out of bed, by shitting on the floor of all things.
Gabriel dug his forehead into the floor. “Please,” he sobbed. “It hurts. Please stop, I beg you, please.”
Heaven lacked the same diversity. Empty halls, nondescript white. No wonder Cas preferred to live on Earth; if Jack had to spend so much time in such a monotone place, they’d lose their mind.
Searing pain slithered, pulsating, under his scapulas, swelling with every slash.
On one wing, blue hellfire and blue grace ripped through golden feathers, snapping and bending them as the fire burrowed deeper in to char his flesh back. His skin bubbled and peeled apart to expose his bones.
“They’re not--”
Nightmare.
“I thought your true form was lethal to look at?”
But at least his wings were still attached. That was about as good as they could be at this point, dislocated, burnt, bleeding, and half torn from the base.
“He wants me to cut your wings off.”
“This’ll shut you up.”
Bruises and blood splattered them both. Cas’s face twisted in agny and he shuddered, gasping, grace-lit blue and red blood leaked from his mouth, nose, ears, and eyes. A cold spike of fear buried itself in Sam’s heart. Sam didn’t need a more obvious telling that they were in danger. He had to find them, figure out where they were and what happened to them, but he could only see feathers.
Such a human thing to do.
Dean stood up and glared. “Yes, on the condition that you stay the hell back. You don’t touch him, you don’t tell me how to do my damn work, you don’t get involved. I’d prefer if you stayed out of the cell too, but I doubt you’ll go that far. So stand on the other side of the room and don’t take a step closer. Don’t talk to me.”
Sam would have to warn him, and explain what little they knew so far. “You’re not the only one who’s come back from the dead,” he exhaled. “ There’s something going on, Gabriel. And I’m afraid it’s only getting started.”
If the wings hadn’t started rotting, Dean could’ve tried to sew them back on, but Alastair would notice at once and make him cut them back off.
And Sam slapped him.
He waved his hand, and the patrons and bartenders all went silent and raised their hands to their necks, voices cut off as their throats closed up against their will, tightening as Azazel clenched his fist. One by one, they dropped to the floor, smacking into the sticky wet tile. Ruby stepped over a dying woman as if she were merely a muddy puddle, and Azazel followed behind.
But Miracle didn’t seem to mind his mistakes. He looked at Dean with reverence, with love, never expecting anything back. He gave freely, and dammit had Dean needed that love. The day after they’d saved the world, when the weight of everything that had happened slammed into Dean with the force of a truck, he collapsed in bed and didn’t move.
A little life flashed back into his blue eyes.
Gabriel cringed and whimpered beneath him, curling in to make himself smaller and flattening his wings against his back. Sam realized then just how many places they were touching, and how terrifying that must have been for Gabriel.
“Fine,” Sam huffed, “go ahead.”
“Excellent.”
He winced as he stared at his own blood smeared on his hand. “Where are you?” Sam mumbled to someone other than Gabriel. “Where the hell… Gabriel?”
“I never wanted to do it,” Sam cried. “I never agreed. I watched myself hurt you in these visions I’ve been having, and I-I just, I couldn’t take it, couldn’t, I couldn’t keep doing this to you.” He held up his splinted hands. “But I can’t hurt you now.”
“Ew, no. He’s not my type.” Dean slammed his empty bottle on the table.
He wasn’t alone in the room. A dark shape huddled in the corner of the room, smothered by shadows, oozing blood from too many wounds. Sam edged towards the figure, as close as he could get without breaking his ankles on the shackles.
Sam looked up from his plate, locking eyes with Gabriel. He spoke with a calm, measured voice, slow enough to pick his words with care, his mouth a dam for all the things he really wanted to say, all the emotions carefully sheltered behind his eyes, so well hidden that Gabriel would have missed them entirely if he didn’t have millennia of experience reading people. Rage, sorrow, fear, hopelessness, all smothered and buried, trying to crawl from the grave, but Sam wouldn’t let them. He kept his face and his tone as neutral as he could.
“Oh Miracle,” Rowena called to the shaggy dog sleeping in the corner, “How would you like to go on a little walk to, ehm,” she reached out to the presence once more, pinpointing a location, “to Ohio.”
“Dean,” Cas wheezed, flinching as the shock collar buzzed. “Get this over with. I can take it, okay?”
Sam strode into the cell. Even with an ear-to-ear grin, he still looked furious, brow furrowed and eyes burning with hatred. His hands balled into fists and he shot one out to curl it in Gabriel’s hair and yank, forcing Gabriel to look him in the eye, tearing a yelp from his throat.
“Sam? Dammit Sam, get up.” Gabriel shook him to no avail.
“Much better.” Asmodeus walked past Sam, giving his presence no acknowledgement, and stood over Gabriel. “No big, brave hunter to protect you this time.”
“Dean,” Cas groaned. “Dean, what did he say to you?”
“I was talking to the wee cutie next to you.”
Rowena stood up and smoothed down her dress before turning to the door, but then she spun back around.
But in this place, collared and locked away, Cas had to be hyper-vigilant, aware of his every movement and sound, or he’d just hurt himself.
Sam, after all, had quite a bit of experience being threatened with torture.
“You got a name?” Dean asked as he examined a row of knives, tone almost conversational, as if he wasn’t about to flay a demon to the bone.
He woke up in what he assumed was morning, but he couldn’t see the sun. Every ‘morning,’ he had a fresh, sore to the touch needle mark in his arm.
No one would suspect that she’d just crawled out of a river, dizzy and exhausted, with an ache stretched through her limbs, bones sore from her frantic swim as the rapid currents slammed her into every other rock she saw.
The last time he’d seen yellow eyes he’d been… He’d been…
Asmodeus once cracked open his ribcage from the back and lifted out his lungs, resting them like folded wings on his back.
Sam reached out to his nightstand and fumbled to turn off his lamp. In total darkness and total silence, he buried his head into the pillow and finally let his eyes shut.
“Remember this?” He held up an object made of metal bands and spikes. “The scold's bridle.”
It wouldn’t be fair to put their escape on Gabriel, even if he had his powers.
The gas knocked Sam unconscious. Shit.
Sometimes neither of them spoke at all.
Hellfire isn’t red, for one, it’s blue. Sulfur burns blue, and reeks of rotting eggs, the stench nearly as powerful as the odor of offal rot.
Then he wouldn’t spend every waking hour with his ear against the wall, passing fleeting conversation with Cas or screaming at Alastair or listening to the gut-wrenching sound of Cas panting and whimpering and groaning, trying so hard to hold in a scream, but he always gave in eventually. Afterwards, when he could be sure they were both alone, Dean would ramble nonsense, talk about anything and everything he could think of as a distraction.
With his newfound funds, he took public transportation across state lines, and walked the distance he couldn’t pay his way through.
Dean took a handful of salt and shoved it into her mouth, scraping the grains against her oozing flesh. She hissed and thrashed against her binds, choking out, “You’ll get nothing from me, nothing.” So Dean sliced off her bottom lip.
So when Dean walked up the stairs to the bunker door, Miracle trotting beside him, he never could’ve expected to pull open the door, receiving a facefull of chilly night air spelling of grasses and farmland, and hear the very voice he’d been hoping for, wishing for, dreaming for, praying for.
“Here,” Sam said and set a stack of pancakes on the table.
Yes, his information about the Empty and a bunch of demons and angels coming back to life had been useful, but Bobby hadn’t had any interest in working with the little weasel until he’d informed Bobby that Sam, Dean, and Cas had been abducted.
Chains pulled and rattled. Cas’s breaths cut off with a muffled gurgle. Bones crunched and joints popped and oh shit was that the sound of flesh tearing? Wet, sticky, hot, bloody. Cas groaned and… was he crying?
“Why?”
“No, you don’t get to be afraid. This is everything you deserve. Hell it’s less than what you deserve after all you’ve done. To me, to my family.” He finally let go of Gabriel and paced around the cell. “You forced me to watch my brother die, over and over again, a hundred times, listening to that same damn song every time. You know I still flinch every time I hear it. You did that to me. You made me fear a song of all things. I wanted to forgive you, I tried to forgive you, especially when you sacrificed yourself for us, but then it turns out you didn’t?”
A vicious headache cut off Sam’s thoughts, and he gripped his head with an agonized groan as pain tore through his skull. Wet heat trickled down his face. More blood, leaking from his nose, as if his brain were overheating to the point of melting and the residue had nowhere to go but out, out, out, Sam had to get out, he had to get out of this place, away from the blood and the screams and the meat hooks and the nightmares and--
“It’s still in.”
A numb buzz ran through the limbs, fading with each passing second. When the feeling returned to his wings, he wished it hadn’t. They ached too badly to move.
“So what have you figured out so far?”
“Cas?”
Sam stood up. He pulled a folding knife out of his pocket and flicked it open. Do Winchesters ever not have a weapon?
“You don’t get to cry,” Sam roared and stomped a heel down on Gabriel’s stomach. “Not after everything you’ve done.” He brought his heel down again, a little higher, and a rib cracked beneath his boot. “You abandoned me to fling myself into the Cage.”
Ruby raised a brow. “How does an infinite void end up wounded?”
Shame flushed his skin, but fear overpowered it and he kept rambling, sobbing out variations of “please stop” and “have mercy” over and over and over, even though he knew it wouldn’t do a damn thing.
“Sam,” Gabriel sobbed.
By some miracle, Gabriel was, in fact, telling the truth. He sat on the edge of the bed, feet dangling over the side, and the borrowed pants hung limp several inches past his feet, much too long for him. The sleeves had the same issue, and Gabriel shoved them back over his wrists, but the sleeves wouldn’t obey, and they kept slipping over his fingers. Gabriel huffed and started rolling the sleeves and pants up and cuffing them. Still too long, but at least he wouldn’t trip when he walked.
He couldn’t be back here. Oh hell, oh Father, he could not be back in this place. He tried to lift his arms and wrap them around himself, but the chains wouldn’t let him move, too short for him to do any more than thrash his wrists.
This close to Cas, Dean just wanted to forget his surroundings and lean in for a kiss. He wanted to hold Cas and whisper his name with all the reverence of a prayer. Dean wanted to protect him and shelter him and never lose him again.
Trepsichore’s eyes blackened. “I’m not telling you shit,” she snapped, words stilted as she tried to speak with a missing lip.
“I’ll take that bet.”
Rowena arrived on a barren street with Miracle beside her, shaking his head and whining. If Miracle could actually understand speech, she would’ve warned him that teleporting could make one a bit dizzy.
“Ever had salt in a wound?”
This time, another image had invaded the nightmare’s blood and fire onslaught, punctuated by screams. Sam closed his eyes and breathed in through his nose, trying to keep himself calm long enough to separate one mass of bloody feathers from another until he finally grabbed hold of what he knew in his heart to be a premonition with no doubts.
He still didn’t know what a Colombian necktie was though, and chose not to ask.
Though he hesitated to try, because what if new ones didn’t molt in?
Sam lifted his head. He hissed in a gasp.
“Hey, Jack,” Sam whispered, like he didn’t want someone nearby to hear. “I know you said you didn’t want to get involved with stuff on Earth but… but this is bad.” Jack frowned. Sam’s voice sounded strained with agony. “The Empty is ruptured. Dead angels and demons are coming back. Demons got me and Gabriel, and I think they have Dean and Cas too.”
His eyes adjusted to the dark, and he watched his ceiling fan spin above him.
“Dean, you can kill him later.” He ignored Crowley’s look of betrayal. “We have to deal with Abaddon first.”
How the hell could Crowley be alive? Sam had assumed Jack brought Cas back, but why would Jack ever resurrect Crowley?
He shrugged. “Not that I know of.”
He eased off the ground and edged closer to the white wall. The whole room looked white, over-bright from the buzzing fluorescents overhead. White walls, white lights, wight floors, no windows, and one door at the front of the room (not white; glossy, polished metal, pale enough to almost be white.)
He had to be alive to take care of Cas, which meant that as much as he didn’t want to, Dean had to be selfish and take care of himself before Cas.
“As do I.” His eyes flicked yellow. “Come on, then, let’s blow this joint.” Azazel stood up. “Can’t have any witnesses though, never know who’s listening.”
Dean resisted his urges. So gave him a look that said, “You idiot,” and closed the distance himself. Dean tasted the blood on Cas’s tongue and couldn’t bring himself to give a damn, because it was Cas, and it didn’t matter if the kiss was imperfect, in the wrong place at the wrong time, Dean just appreciated that he could have it, and he never wanted to give it up.
“Of course you can stay,” he replied without stopping to think about it. Back when they had to deal with Michael in the Apocalypse World, that’s all he’d wanted, for Gabriel to stay. “I’m not gonna kick you out or anything, and besides, you look like you could use the rest. What exactly happened when you woke up?”
“You ran off during the damn apocalypse to get yourself fucked in Monte Carlo, you asshole. I could have failed. Dean and I could have messed up or I could have lost control and then the world as we know it would all have been destroyed, and where would you have been?”
Bobby glared at him. Why would the former king of Hell want help defeating members of his own kind? He knew the Bobby Singer from this reality had interacted with Crowley more than once, and that his boys had worked with him and developed a relationship that couldn’t be considered ‘trusting,’ but was at least ‘mutually beneficial to the point where they didn’t have to worry about backstabbing.’
Dean’s fingers brushed over his back, nails sliding under his ragged feathers and reaching the aching skin beneath. He kneaded his thumbs into the bases of Cas’s wings.
Alastair rolled his eyes. “Fine, but I’m still picking the methods. And the tools you use for the job. Now follow me.”
“Why thank you mother, it’s good to see you t--”
“Haven’t you learned anything, boy?”
“Excellent,” Rowena said, and Miracle yipped in agreement.
“If he has something to say he’ll say it,” he snapped. Then he sighed and forced his hands to unclench. “Look, Michael prefers to be left alone. He’ll talk to me, but that’s about it. He doesn’t like to come out unless he has to. So just…” He waved his hand. “Just tell me what you need to tell me. If he has anything to say, he’ll tell me, and I’ll tell you, or maybe he’ll even ask to come out. So tell me?”
“Don’t give me that shit, Cas. I did have a choice. My dad held out for a hundred years and I couldn’t handle thirty. I didn’t have to agree. I didn’t have to torture anyone and I certainly didn’t have to like it, but I did. That’s what he talked to me about, how much I liked it… And he made me an offer to do it again.”
Gabriel glanced at Asmodeus again, watching with cold eyes and a colder grin. Sam grabbed his chin and wrenched his head so hard his neck popped.
“On the west coast,” Cas said. “Submerged in the pacific, close to the shore.”
Dean and Crowley laughed, and Crowley used the momentary distraction to grab them both by the shoulders and send them to Vegas. Traveling felt different with a demon than what he’d used to do as an angel. Less smooth and fluid, and when they finally landed Cas’s head spun and he stumbled into Dean, who groaned and pressed a hand to his head.
Sam nodded, sipping his own beer. To be honest, he’d suspected Cas’s feelings, and Dean’s as well, but he’d never said anything. Maybe he should’ve.
“Yeah.”
They let him off the rack and left him slumped on the floor.
He listened to Gabriel ramble about how he really did die, but then he came back, and Sam knew it couldn’t possibly be coincidental that Cas, Crowley, and now Gabriel had come back to life, emerging from the Empty. He saw it. He saw Gabriel in excruciating detail, damaged and broken, eyes dazed and glazed over in a white-rimmed haze of terror, far too similar to how he’d looked when curled up in the corner after his rescue from Asmodeus. And if that really was a glimpse from the future…
They’d hurt during the Fall, when they’d burned up like comets, and they’d ached for some time after, but he really felt it now, with cold air blowing right into the open wounds, stinging exposed flesh and bone. Unhealed burns and cuts covered his wings, littered in between with bits of ash, debris, and broken feathers that needed to be plucked.
“I’m sorry, Cas, I’m sorry. It’ll be over soon,” Dean promised as he cut through his angel’s wing. His fucking wing.
The crushing weight, the ice from the sea, the magma welling up from between tectonic plates, and it could feel again.
“You can’t just expect to get away with that.” She lifted her hand, flashing a knife in her face. “Did you honestly think I would be content watching you cry and hurt yourself? No, I want to get my hands dirty.”
Sam gasped and his eyes snapped open. He struggled against his blankets, kicking to fling them off, to toss away the suffocating weight. His room felt too hot and too cold at the same time, and sweat trickled down from his hairline, and Sam noticed the chilly dampness of more sweat soaking his back and underarms.
Oh, right. The Empty took Cas before Jack took out Chuck, so he wouldn’t have any idea what happened. Dean and Sam exchanged a look. Cas frowned.
But not Gabriel. Michael.
Dean said nothing for a while, until he moved to press against the wall. He spoke with a strain, forcing something back. Rage? A scream? Tears?
She should start at the beginning here. “How aware are you about what’s been happening with the Empty?”
“Heya Sam-wich,” Gabriel managed to gasp through panting breaths.
“One break,” Dean groaned. “Can’t we just have one break?”
“Wow, I’m flattered, Dean grumbled, voice heavy with sarcasm.
Gabriel squeezed his eyes shut. Tears trickled from the corners of his eyes and rolled down his face, running bright tracks through his grimy skin. As much as he told himself that he’d accepted it, fear overruled his resolve,  leaving him trembling hard enough to rattle the chains crushing his wings.
“Oh he’s not alone,” Crowley said, “though I don’t know how much help his current company will be. Have you ever met the archangel Gabriel?”
Rowena nodded. “That’s right, lad.”
He didn’t notice it till he stepped over it, toe catching on a transparent wire stretched from wall to wall, nearly level with the ground. Something metallic clinked. Heat flared up, shooting from nozzles concealed in the concrete.
That voice, that damned voice, froze Gabriel’s blood in his veins. His breath quickened, whistling in and out through his nose. As much as his body wanted to suck in full, deep gasps, he wouldn’t--couldn’t--open his mouth, couldn’t risk uttering a word, or he’d lose his voice again, and Gabriel couldn’t go through that another time. He just couldn’t.
After the plants, the fungi, and the other animals, Jack needed to make spaces for the humans. He kept plenty of places natural, of course, preserving the beauty of the newborn Earthly Heaven. But in other spaces, he designed glowing cities, sprawling pastures, sweet suburbs, beachside villas, mountain cabins, and roads to connect them all.
But he’d only been able to access that ability once, how could he do it again? Well, Hell did fill him with terror and desperation and panic, so maybe that would be enough to spur powers that Sam barely knew he had, never mind control. And there was no guarantee it would even work. He had to try, though.
“So this’ll be a slow process?” Sam said, sounding far too excited about this for Gabriel’s liking.
Asmodeus extended his hand for the booze. “Actually, you may both be wrong. See, according to some of the demons I’ve been in contact with, the weather changes in the place a resurrection is about to occur. The wind goes wild, storms start brewing, and it all comes out of nowhere. Heat has been most common in sites of demonic resurrection, and cold at sites of angelic resurrection.”
Crawling at a near immobile pace, he pushed himself up and balanced his weight on one arm while he grabbed a dislocated leg with a shaking hand and pulled, adjusting his position so he could turn over and sit.
Cas shook his head, but he didn’t open his eyes. “I’ve been awake.” He turned his head to bury his face in the pillow. “What time is it?”
Since Dean didn’t feel hunger pains or dehydration, he figured they’d been IV feeding him, taking care of his needs while he fell unconscious to limit the interaction he had with people. He hadn’t actually seen someone’s face since that fight with the demons in Vegas, but they didn’t have him completely isolated.
Cas nodded, though Dean couldn’t see him. “So that’s what you said no to?” Dean had quite a talent for saying no. He resisted Michael, after all, and that took some serious willpower.
“Please--” Agony cut him off, searing hot and enough to make him scream.
The shifter couldn’t resist a smirk at the thought and vanished out the door.
She didn’t come alone. Of course she didn’t come alone. What kind of idiot would try to break into the Bunker and kidnap Sam Winchester while working alone? But before Gabriel could locate the accomplice, most likely a second demon, and spill their guts, a heavy weight cracked against the back of his head. Gabriel dropped to his knees beside Sam.
“Oh shut up, Stanley. You don’t run this place,” the waitress sassed. “Besides, could be a service dog, don’t be rude.”
“Good for him,” Dean huffed and rolled out of bed. The cold floor stung his feet.
It shouldn’t be physically possible, but somehow, before he woke from the bullet that knocked him out, Alastair had carved his back in the right way, and when Cas came to, he’d known without looking what had happened. Cas had summoned the courage to turn his head and open his eyes, only to find himself met with the sight of ragged, charred wings hanging limp off his back and spilling sooty, bloody feathers on the floor.
He’d only left the room when Claire kissed Kaia, because seeing two people kiss just made him think of Cas, and how he could’ve had something like that with Cas if only he’d been a little braver. He’d excused himself, awkwardly, and mumbled something about how he needed to take a shower cause he smelled horrible.
He barely made out a low, rumbly noise.
Jolting awake, Sam gripped his head where his headache had swelled up, screaming inside his head, high pitched and shattering, and he couldn’t help but think it sounded like a person’s scream.
Something soft ran over him. The source of the warmth. He felt it pulsing like a heartbeat and he nudged a little closer to it, soaking it in. The warmth ran over him in slow, light strokes over his hair, then moved down to his shoulders and arms. It slid under his wings to brush against his feathers, but avoided the bleeding ones on the outer side of his wings, as well as his excruciated back and shoulders, skating away from sources of pain.
“I said no, of course,” Dean assured him, “and Alastair asked if I’d rather he do it instead, and, a-and… Fuck, why can’t I save you? He wants me to torture you, Cas. Me or him. Why can’t I save you from this? We saved the world, you saved the world. Don’t you deserve peace now? And I can’t seem to give it to you.”
And he knew what they looked like when they’d been burned.
Maybe Sam could do that again. But his powers did have a tendency to respond best when juiced up on demon blood, and Sam wouldn’t be going down that path ever again. Just looking at Ruby, who’d weaponized her blood against him, reminded him of withdrawals.
Gabriel paced around the kitchen while Sam reheated his eggs and started making some pancakes--chocolate chip, after some pestering from Gabriel, because he really, really needed some chocolate.
She wanted Sam, didn’t she? And if she wanted Sam, what did that have to do with Asmodeus hunting down Gabriel? Unless he’d dreamed that. He’d blacked out somehow, so he must have dreamed that, which meant… Asmodeus tracked him down, broke into the Bunker, abducted him and Sam, and now here Sam was, back in Hell, about to suffer once more, just because Gabriel couldn’t handle his shit.
With tears leaking from his eyes, Gabriel leaned his head forward, resting it against the wall. He couldn’t find a way to respond to that, so he shut up, giving Sam what he wanted.
Sam pulled together enough resolve to manage a glare. “Someone screwing up isn’t an excuse to torture them.” Yes, Gabriel had gone above and beyond ‘screwing up,’ but Sam still stood by his point.
“Want a drink, Ruby?”
“Hell,” Sam growled. “I went to Hell, and when I got out I spent years thinking about other people exclusively, but now I think it’s time I think about myself. You’d understand that, wouldn’t you? Only thinking about yourself?”
“I mean, not really, but I am wearing clothes if that’s the type of ‘decent’ you were referring to.”
The position of the forks pushed the head up, forcing the victim to look towards the heavens. Heretics, those who didn’t believe in God, were the tool’s prime victims.
When Sam backed away, Gabriel let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding, even though Sam seemed genuine enough. But he couldn’t let his guard down. Not yet. Not ever.
No… No, that couldn’t be. He was an angel, he was supposed to have wings, even if they’d been burned black by hellfire and scorched to ash in the Fall and nearly ripped from his shoulders on the rack, they were still there, still his, still part of him that he couldn’t give up.
“You killed me, Sam.”
“Archangel,” he corrected.
Sam chose not to tell Dean that a lot of his problems could be solved with some communication.
Dean moved his hand up to pet Cas’s black hair, shaggy and a little greasy. Cas needed to wash his hair, but Dean didn’t care at the moment. That could be dealt with later. Maybe Cas could even steal some of Sam’s fancy conditioner.
He sucked in a gulp of air as agony electrified his veins, crackling like lightning in his blood and blurring into his own grace, where the painful voltage could brush against his true form, scattering heat and ozone across the massive expanse of his real body.
A low laugh answered. “Oh, you can hear us? That’s perfect. I thought I’d have to have your boyfriend screaming before you heard anything. Humans have such weak ears, I can never tell what’s enough for you to pick up on.”
Tears burned Gabriel’s eyes. He couldn’t move his hands to wipe them away, so they free-fell down his face, searing his skin.
Gabriel begged for mercy. He heard himself laugh. And then he’d burnt up the wing, one feather at a time.
“What do you need?” Cas asked.
“My wings. From my true form, split right through my vessel’s back.”
“Yeah,” Gabriel said, “I figured this wasn’t normal. I mean, before I died I had some of my grace restored, but now I can barely feel any of it. My wings aren’t working too well either. It took me hours to get here after I woke up. And, uh, there’s another thing.” Gabriel turned his head to stare at the ground. He took a breath, and let all his words out in a rapid whoosh. “I’m feeling a piece of my grace somewhere outside of my body but I don’t know where it is and I’m afraid Asmodeus is back too and that he has some of my grace because there was still some left in him when I killed him and if he is alive I’d like to not leave here at all ever so yeah can I bunk with you?”
So Michael had been alive before the Empty started bleeding, probably resurrected by Jack after all of that business with Chuck trying to end the world.
“Do you, Sam? Do you?”
Gabriel nearly lost his footing when the door swung open, revealing Sam Winchester in all of his exhausted, bedheaded glory.
Dean selected a knife. A small, simple blade, but simple got the job done best, as he’d learned after forty years in Hell. Serrations added to the pain, but the knife would just get stuck, which Dean didn’t want. Alastair had tortured with brutality, but Dean preferred the opposite. Clean cuts, precision, like the bite of a piranha, their teeth so well designed for slicing that most victims of their bite didn’t know they’d been bitten until the pain kicked in.
Gabriel clenched his jaw and braced himself against the wall with splayed fingers cutting into the stone. He couldn’t swallow the low whine building in his throat as the paint built, digging deeper and deeper, past the confines of his body. Sigils, he realized. Spellwork marked into his skin, plunging through meat and bone to scratch the edges of his true form. A wave of agony rolled under his shoulders, squirming like a living thing.
Sam tried to hide it when Cas came back, but he’d been needing to go to bed for hours. His headache still hadn’t eased up, and he allowed himself a trip to the bathroom to grab a plastic bottle of pills, unscrew the child-safe top, and pour a few painkillers into his hand. He popped them all into his mouth at once. Normally Sam would just dry swallow, but he thought some water might help the headache, so he washed the pills down with a long swig from a paper cup he filled with icy, filtered tap water from the bathroom sink.
“Well based on what my sources have said--”
Azazel raised his glass. “I’ll drink to that.”
She should really get into contact with some demons so she didn’t have to constantly rely on these buffoons for information, but most demons didn’t like her too much. They hadn’t known her true role in the apocalypse.
One final image flashed behind his eyes.
Due to his perfectly selfish reasons, Crowley walked through the open door, down the stairs, and wandered the empty halls.
Desperate to elicit even a shred of mercy, Gabriel backed away, whole body clenched with pain. Every miniscule, wrenching motion forced him to stop and gasp for breath as he inched away, nearly slipping far too many times on his own sweaty palms until he managed to stumble off Sam and push towards the wall, where he could squash himself back into the corner for the illusion of safety.
And now, clinging to Dean with thankfully restored strength, a light went off in Cas’s mind, and he finally figured out what Crowley meant. Sex, Cas realized. He was talking about sex. Which Cas and Dean had not had yet. Dean’s reaction made sense now, and if they didn’t have bigger problems to deal with, Cas might’ve cracked a grin and let go so he could watch Crowley scurry away as Dean attempted to murder him.
They’d developed a sort of routine. When Cas woke up, he’d call for Dean, and Dean always made sure to be right there. He refused to fall asleep until he heard Cas whisper his name. Then Dean would check in on him, make sure he didn’t get hurt too bad, and Cas would either deflect and assure him it didn’t hurt too bad, with only a vague explanation of what he’d gone through, or his voice would break and he’d sob out every gory detail and Dean would try not to vomit at the thought of Cas with all his entrails pulled through his mouth or his broken bones twisted like pretzels.
“He’s out,” Azazel informed them, waving his phone screen in triumph.
“Y--”
“Please, Dean, I can’t take much more of this,” Cas panted. So today it would be the back and forth, then. “I know you don’t want to hurt me, I don’t want you to hurt me either. But, but it’s you or him, and I know that if you’re the one holding the knife, you’ll make it a little more bearable, and, and, well… I need to see you again.”
Cas grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled them closer so they touched chest to chest, arms lying over one another and legs tangled under the blankets, doomed to the fate of serving as a pillow for Miracle.
“Of course not.”
Eyelids scrunched, then cracked open, heavy and crusted. Sam cringed at the low light and drew his hands up to his face, covering his eyes. He sniffled, rubbed at his nose, and drew his hand away bloody.
Oh hell. That wasn’t real, right? He must have dreamed that. He’d woken up from the premonition earlier in this same cell, and then he must’ve fallen asleep and had a nightmare where he tortured Gabriel and… and liked it…
Sam and Dean broke into laughter as Cas flushed scarlet and nearly choked on his drink.
Dean pat Cas on the shoulder. “You were right about him. He’s everything the world needed. There’s a lot of you in him.”
“What else can I do?” Gabriel wrapped his arms around himself. “I still feel like shit, I’m practically powerless, I can barely use my wings. I’m halfway human, Sam. How else am I supposed to react?”
So Jack had dismantled every wall, using Chuck and Amara’s powers to reshape bleak hallways into grassy meadows dotted in flowers; trees and mountains sprouted from the ground and sailed towards the sky, which Jack filled with clouds and sunlight and stars. As much as he loved Chuck’s designs for Earth’s constellations, he thought Heaven could use its own unique sky, so he spent some time rearranging the stars into new lines.
The flickering lightbulb dangling from the ceiling did little to ease his fear of the dark. The yellow glow cast long shadows, wavering, expanding and contracting every time the bulb stuttered. Those shadows followed him into his nightmares.
“It wasn’t very clear, but it looked like you were tortured to death.”
Cas and Dean shared a look, but Cas decided it was probably best if Crowley understood what they’d been dealing with lately, so they filled him in with what Dean called the “Sparknotes version,” whatever that meant. After they’d explained to Crowley everything that had happened since his death, including Jack, the Princes of Hell, the apocalyptic alternate universe, Jack and Mary getting stuck in said universe, Gabriel’s survival and pretty much immediate death, the evacuation of the Apocalypse World, Lucifer’s death, Other Michael’s possession of Dean, Jack’s loss and eventual regain of his powers, the gates of Hell opening, Rowena's ascent to the throne of Hell, Michael’s return and betrayal, Cas’s deal with Empty, the whole Billie situation, the fact that they’d took down Chuck himself, and other such information, Crowley stared at them, mouth open.
“Yep, feeling much better, Samshine. By the way, don’t bother asking for your clothes back, I own them now.”
“You know what?” Amara looked around. “I like what you did with the stars. I think I’ll spend some time here. It’s quieter than Earth. But I’ll create my own place.”
