The laughter abruptly cut off. Steve reached for Tony’s arm before the suit could adhere to him. “No, you’re not.”
Only, Steve didn’t do empty words. No matter how cliched what came out of his mouth sounded, whatever Steve said he endorsed full heartedly. He was nothing like Tony who could come up with clever speeches that were designed to reach an end goal with perfect delivery. Steve didn’t have any goals when it was only the two of them down here in Tony’s lab talking where no one else could hear.
“Getting deep there Stark,” Steve responded dryly.
Steve held himself against Tony’s entrance. Tony swallowed uneasily. Yeah, he had done things like this before, but never anything quite that long or thick. Swallowed again because he didn’t want to drool over the image in front of him. “Is this okay?” Steve asked not moving.
"Hey Mr. Stark!” The back of Steve’s car popped open and out hopped Peter Parker. His excited expression turning nervous when he took in Tony pushing Captain America against the car. The only thing noteworthy about the car itself were the tinted windows that hadn’t allowed him to see Peter in the back to begin with.
Steve’s eyes closed while he road out the rest of his climax. Opened excruciatingly long seconds later. They were staring wordlessly at each while lungs played catch up. Tony could feel every inhale Steve made. Couldn’t remember how to do it himself. Just held Steve to him for as long as he could.
Tony closed the distance between him and the two closest to him. They were tumbling at the ground, each trying to get their hands around the other’s throat in an unorganized heap of limbs. Tony picked them both up by the front of their skulls together hard enough that they instantly slumped in hands.
“Agreed. Now, let’s talk about something else. Stretch your arms out please.”
“I’m not that selfish.”
“You’d be surprised at what a different perspective could bring,” Steve grounded out.
He barely caught Steve shrugging from the corner of his eyes. “No one special.” Only, he paused and ninety percent of Tony’s focus went to Steve Rogers. The one that was staring thoughtfully at a wall with more emotion than it deserved. Tony picked up his coffee mug and took a long draw from it.
Tony hummed noncommittally. “So there’s been no one since the Ice?”
I always appreciate positive comments and kudos. Thanks again for all the feedback thus far. <3
“I can’t see you-” Die. Tony groaned and tried to figure out a better way to put it. No one could promise not to die when their business was self sacrifice. “I can’t see us fail. Together. Alone. I can’t see that again Rogers.”
That’s probably how he’d ended up in front of the piano. Growing up his mother had concerns for his well-roundness. The way he’d started to follow the employees of SI around like a well-trained dog on a scent that would take him many more years to learn was blood. It had always been blood and even when Tony thought he wasn’t following it anymore the trail still led to bodies. But before all of that, long before that, his mother had sat him down in front of a piano and drew shaky comparisons between music and science. How they had these blocks that you could build upon and if his hands could build missiles than why not symphonies?
Tony was losing track of all the different Steve’s in his life again - the one in the picture frame in his military uniform on the mantle of a long forgotten room, forever idolized? The one that stared down at him with disapproval across the length of a Helicarrier? The one that didn’t know how to dress in current century clothing? The one whose smile could create the illusion that clouds were a thing of the past, that there was only warmth and forgiveness in his future?
Steve Rogers was completely genuine when he said he believed in Tony Stark and Tony didn’t know how to cope with that kind of pressure. He only knew that it set his blood racing.
“You’re definitely going to need ibuprofen for that one.”
He rattled off his thoughts on Natasha and Bruce, “They are alike in all the wrong ways. They’d hide away from the world together. Which, romantic, I guess? But not the best foundation for a relationship.” Tony would prefer to stay out of it entirely, but the sidelong glances were hard to miss. He couldn’t believe anyone could be more obvious about their attraction than those two.
Tony wanted to lick it clean but wasn’t in the right position. Reclaimed his hands in Steve’s hair so he could do so. Kissed him until it was three fingers and not two. Every slide of the digits had nerve endings crackling, Tony scrambling closer, thrusting down for more. Tony had done this before, not with men, but before. Could measure Steve’s inexperience and how much it didn’t matter. His fingers reached places he was certain never existed until Steve had chosen to touch him. Perhaps had existed all along but had been waiting only for him.
“And you have a filthy mouth. Look where that lands us.” Steve had ducked his head but Tony knew he was smiling. Knew it and hated him for it. How was it that Steve could still smile and laugh with such ease while he sat there in a particular form of torture? He went back through his mind to the number of times he’d thought about painting Steve’s smile with his come. Came back with an astonishingly high number that had another addition to it.
“You have your mouth next to my dick. What else do you think I’m going to say?” Tony asked caustically with bated breath.
“Tony?”
Steve was looking at him seductively from under his lashes. Maybe it wasn’t intentional. Didn’t matter, Tony was captured. Wanted to ask if Steve was too. “Tell me you want this,” Steve said bringing his mouth past the waistband. Breathing over the fabric that covered Tony’s cock.
He strode over to the next to the one on his way crawling to where a knife had ended up in the sand. He was making considerable progress given that the last man was biting at his ankle. Tony made a face at that. “If you two can’t play nice,” he chided, before sending them both into unconsciousness as well. He raised an arm, letting FRIDAY lock into his targets, effectively sending a repulsor blast at one of Steve’s opponents. The shot itself wasn’t high impact, but the moment it took the Asgardian to recover it was already over for him. A series of jabs and uppercuts from Steve that Tony knew from experience was going to hurt come morning.
“FRIDAY, talk to me.” He debated having the suit come to him, but in the scheme of things it wouldn’t it wouldn’t make a big enough time difference. The short walk was needed to clear the remnants of stray thoughts he was experiencing.
Tony breathed out while stepping back from Steve and too many complicated emotions. All of that practice in pushing feelings to a background noise now felt like an under-worked muscle. It didn’t have the strength it use to in that moment. He breathed again, slower this time. Turned to walk further down the small airfield. He didn’t look back.
“What do I need to know?”
“Also, you two are very different.” That cut off any laughter in its tracks. Tony leveled Steve with a sobered, confused expression.
“JARVIS was an older AI that had developed a habit of… Evolving past his protocol. FRIDAY is much more forward. I wouldn’t mention my name to her if you don’t want me hearing about it,” Tony said, laughing when Steve muttered a few choice words for her. The laughter wasn’t immediately followed by self-loathing for once. He was too confused by the way Steve’s face still had a lingering blush.
He shook himself.
“Happy and Rhodes have both regaled me with the tales. Besides, you’d find it inefficient.”
“Who is it? Who did you just think of?” Tony pressed when he felt Steve had been left alone with his thoughts long enough.
When he opened his eyes Steve was there. Staring at him as if he’d never seen the Iron Man Suit. As if this were the the first time. As if there were no slates to clean. Tony should have moved away when Steve’s hand reached out and traced along the outer shell of the helmet. They really didn’t have time for this, but he couldn’t seem to make himself move.
Hi guys! I hope you enjoy this chapter, I promise much more Steve in the next one! I saw Avengers Infinity War (opening night >_<) and just wanted to restate that there will be no spoilers for that movie in this fic at any point. It in fact contradicts the movie at a certain point, but is canon compliant up until that movie. Thank you to the lovely and amazing betas who edited this chapter for me
This is a much lighter chapter than the past couple as a break from the heaviness, but one of my favorite ones. We've got a bit of Irondad thrown in there too! Thank you to
He didn’t.
It was a good enough answer. Steve buried his face at the crook of Tony’s neck. Pushed forward roughly. Tony felt like his insides were burning up and had no doubt he’d be sore tomorrow. There was pain, but for all of that, pleasure in the overwhelming sense of fullness as Steve sunk all the way in. It was here that Tony wouldn’t be able to return from.
He stared down at his hands instead. “I was thinking about my Mother today. You didn’t meet her, she was after your time… Or before.” Steve rolled his eyes at Tony’s self-indulgent grin but was listening intently. Leaning in as if Tony were revealing deep state secrets and not… Something inconsequential.
“You’re joking,” Steve said looking a mixture of embarrassed, fascinated, and little perturbed at the idea. Tony had forgotten that the serum helped boost senses such as hearing. He was forgetting a lot of things lately, such as how to control his mouth.
“Only one way to find out Cap.” He picked up speed, giving Steve a quick head turn to confirm he had both Asgardians incapacitated before heading straight for Amora. She’d stopped her walking and had placed herself in the middle of a widening green circle. The energy levels he was picking up were climbing past what FRIDAY was comfortable with him being near, as she let him know with updated stats and a warning to clear the space.
“I know he’s a nice kid,” Tony countered. Back to direct eye contact that had him wishing he knew how to look away. He needed to retrain his brain to be less destructive. To better understand every one of the dangers Steve represented. That he was susceptible to.
Tony could handle the humans, help Steve, and maybe still get to her in time. All of the civilians were out of range besides the ones directly in front of him. He couldn’t let them die when he could still do something to save them.
How quickly fear can turn a hero into a villain. How easily power can turn a man into a monster. Tony continued to assess the distance between them. Decades lay there and it was no comfort.
Tony tried his best to parse through it, but his general consensus was she wasn’t on Thor’s side if she was interested in taking over his planet. Whatever objects she was after, didn’t sound particularly great for either planet. Tony sighed, “Can’t let you do that, but if you want a souvenir from your trip we have these great bobble-heads. You’ll love it.” The only thing stopping Tony from firing was the knowledge that Asgardians were unnaturally fast and if she dodged the hit it could slam into one of the civilians behind her.
“Don’t start.”
Tony would deal with where exactly Steve thought he was heading in a second. First, he swung his head over to his friend. “You’re being a real Richard right now Rhodey.”
“I know you aren’t about to go out there by yourself,” was the first thing out of Rhodes mouth.
“What happened wasn’t all on you. Whatever Maximoff made you see, you weren’t right after it. You still aren’t. I should have done something about it sooner.” It wasn’t true. The potential of what had happened had always laid there in wait. Tony didn’t know how to live life and not be a little reckless. His experiments were a run of trial and error. Rushed to perfection when the only one at risk was himself, only this time it went much further than himself.
“You’re an ass Steve,” Tony said bringing one hand to his forehead.
“I wouldn’t do that. She bites,” Tony muttered darkly, not looking up to see Steve’s eyebrows raised in perplexion.
Tony still found himself smiling. He brought his hands to Steve’s thigh and squeezed it. “Thank you.” Tony then placed his hands on the keys. Arranging his fingers as he brought music sheets into mind. Trying to remember how he use to order all the movements.
“I’d be much more alone if you didn’t keep letting yourself in.”
Steve extended his hand. Tony took it. “Take all the time you need, but don’t cut us out. We need you.” This time when Tony was pulled to his feet he found balance easier to keep. “Let’s get you to bed.”
Hello Readers!
Steve shook his head, still making that face. “Back when drinking held a purpose I was more of a cold beer kinda guy.”
“Oh what your spider senses didn’t-- What did you call it-  Tingle? By the way, we have to figure out a better word for that kid.”
“Worth it,” Tony muttered, closing his eyes and reopening them. Expecting Steve to be gone, but he’d only moved closer. A dawning thought began to sink into him. “Oh, you’re real aren’t you?”
“Would I?” Tony turned to better face Steve, a challenge in his voice. Watching as Steve held himself taller, in that righteous way of his. The way of a man who knew without a doubt that he was right. How lucky would it be to be Steve Rogers? To get rid of all the doubt acting like an anchor on his insides.
Tony actually laughed at that. At the idea that Steve even thought he could get past the encryption that could ground the planes for good. “I’d love to see you try.”
“Oh? Better than the outside then?” Tony asked looking up and trying to inject humor. It fell short of the mark. Steve had insulted his tower their first go round, how gracious was Tony expected to be?
Over the years Tony had been caught in a number of compromising positions before running into battle. A long list that involved crashing out the fiftieth floor of board meetings, jumping out of planes on their way to Japan, rushing out of the bathroom and more. What wasn’t on that list was being caught with his hands full of a war criminal super soldier with his pants figuratively around his ankles.
My biggest struggle with this chapter was the first part. I was afraid of things getting too campy with the past section, but I also felt that it was important. I think Christmas and just the month of December has a certain influence on Tony's psyche that was worth exploring a little. I hope you all agree!
Tony should have seen this one coming.
“And you’ve checked in with FRIDAY this past week over my ‘health’ more times than Pepper and Rhodey combined. You don’t have anything to worry about Captain. This pseudo soldier is doing just fine.”
She gritted her teeth together, leveraging Tony with a calculating look. “Tell me do you settle, when you know you deserve more Mr. Stark?” Tony was starting to get where the name Enchantress was coming from. Her voice weaved around the openness of a beach, boxing everyone in. Tony could imagine falling into the trap, of feeling like he was the only person in the world and stepping closer and closer. “Women, money.” She eyed his suit, “Technology. I’ve been on this Earth long enough to find out what kind of man you are.”
“If it’s about how to make your hair soft and silky as mine, ask Thor, I already told you he made me promise not to tell anyone,” Tony warned, fighting back a grin. Steve shook his head slightly in disapproval.
After a lot of soothing, Phil had managed to calm down Clint enough to listen to him, and he had made him promise to be a good boy, to listen to Steve and do everything he asked him to do. It hadn't been easy, and Clint refused to agree to anything until Phil promised to come back home that night at the latest. Phil then told Steve he was going to do everything in his power to stay true to his promise, and Steve hoped he really did. He wasn’t sure how to handle a disappointed little Clint.
And as usual, if you spot any mistakes or grammar incongruences, please let me know, I actually didn't read this chapter as many times as I usually do. n_n'''
The blood rushed to Tony’s cheeks yet one more time.
A shame Steve wouldn’t dare to do such a thing just now, because Tony would surely consider it something too childish, and childish things were off the table now. Anything that could be remotely related to Age Play was. Tony had made himself very clear in that aspect, he wasn’t willing to give age playing a try, and Steve had to and was going to respect that, in spite of what he wanted.
Truth to be told, Phil didn’t want to have to climb inside the vents. He had done it before, so he knew the only thing he’d manage to do would be hurting his knees due to having to chase Clint all over the air vents. Phil wasn’t as agile as him. He could go to another room and climb into a vent there and take Clint by surprised from the opposite end, but Clint already knew that trick and he would jump down from the vent before Phil could even reach him.
“That won’t be necessary, captain, Sir is having a panic attack, he just needs to breathe,” JARVIS informed.
Hum, I tried to update sooner, though my working hours increased and I just find it hard to get around to writing. And on weekends I'm so fed up I literally want to do nothing.
For a second, Steve supposed Tony’s gesture had been a display of irritation to show how against he was to his demands; however, when Tony began shifting weight side to side as his face turned crimson for the umpteenth time that day, Steve understood what he’d meant.
“If you’re making such a fuss over a teddy bear, I don’t even want to imagine how you would’ve reacted if I’d bought you flowers.” Tony couldn’t refute that comment in the slightest, “And it wouldn’t have been very congruent if I’d given you chocolates when I’m always telling you to eat healthily. Besides, you liked the teddy bear, didn’t you? You even slept hugging it,” Steve commented.
“I. Said. Shut. Up,” Tony repeated, maybe a bit too roughly, but, dammit! JARVIS deserved it, because if it hadn’t been for him, if he hadn’t been nagging him ceaselessly until Tony had no other option but to call it for the night, he wouldn’t have gone to bed and he wouldn’t have had that stupid bad dream. Chances were that he would’ve ended up having a serious accident if he’d stayed in the workshop, though right now that scenario certainly seemed much more appealing than his current one.
“I don’t like it!” Clint whined.
“Bathroom,” Tony said with a tiny voice. Even if the lights were off, Steve would tell Tony was getting embarrassed again by the way his hands were fidgeting under the covers.
"Weird how?" Steve asked, not really agreeing, but curious about Tony's speculations.
“No, you can’t, so let’s go.” But Tony just covered his face under the cushion. Steve chuckled.
“That’s not true,” Steve disagreed.
I hope I can update sooner, at least for some time before I get too busy again.
It wasn’t like Tony was backing out, he just didn’t want to have
The good thing was that, in spite of little Clint’s stubborn and mischievous personality, Phil had never had to get physical trying to keep him in line. Thus, when Phil held his hand and pulled him towards the elevator, Clint only whined and complained about how unfair he was being, but he didn’t try to resist.
“Diapers are for babies!” Clint repeated, voice angry but eyes beginning to fill with tears. Steve didn’t want to have two crying littles at once.
“Morning, sunshine,” Steve greeted one more time, unsure whether Tony’s brain had been lucid enough to register his first greeting or not. Tony didn’t answer, he just stared at him with his brows still drawn up in confusion. “What is it, sweetheart?” he asked as he brushed a wisp of hair off Tony’s forehead, his body tensing, afraid of Tony’s reaction.
And maybe, just maybe, Tony wouldn’t have disliked it that much if he had had the opportunity to give it a try – he hadn’t exactly dreaded the pampering, though things like bottles and diapers were something Tony couldn’t really picture himself trying.
“You… You… You’re not his daddy,” Tony blurted out, a faint flush tinging his cheeks.
“NO!” Tony hurried to say, too abruptly and horrified that it made Steve feel all warm inside. It was great to know Tony was so averse to separate from him. Certainly, the feeling was mutual.
“Yes, it is. Just because you don’t like it, it doesn’t mean it tastes bad,” Steve argued.
“Jeans,” Tony repeated, looking nervous.
Taking an arm out from under the sheets, Tony groped for his cell phone on the nightstand that laid next to his side of the bed and grunted when he found it and didn’t feel it vibrating even if he could clearly hear the ringtone. Although, now that he thought about it, that wasn’t his ringtone. That was Steve’s ringtone. Who the hell was calling Steve at this hour?
Right.
“I don’t not like you.” Steve was studying him intently. It was unnerving given he had basically no clothing on and they’d just fucked like it was their last night on Earth. Already Tony could feel several places where soreness emanated.
“Really, what do you want Rogers? Not the suit, supposedly. Not my health initiatives for the team. Tech? I’ve been keeping up with repairs.” His words were too full of intoxication to fully get the defensive aggressiveness he’d been going for. Better an angry Steve than one helping him down the hallway to his bedroom. “What do you want from me?”
Tony locked targets on the remaining four knives, sending a low-level repulsor blast in their direction to knock the weapons from the direct reach. He landed in front of Jerry doing an initial scan of the wound. It wasn’t as deep as he’d initially thought, none of the organs had impacted, but it had punctured through skin and muscle. Tony pulled the couple inches of the knife out of the wound and onto the ground. He cauterized the wound, blocking out the yells and the man uselessly scrabbling his hands along the edges of Tony’s armor. When Jerry turned his hands on himself instead, bashing a fist into his own head… Well, Tony took over and gave him a quick conk to knock the man out, lying unconscious in the sand.
A wild pink color washed into Tony's cheeks as he leaned over and clasped the front part of the onesie. Steve bit his lips in order to hold back a grin, though he was certain he might not be doing a good job.
Was Tony going to get sick? Had he done something he knew it was going to make Steve mad and that was why he was trying to be nice to him, to tone things down? Was he experiencing a mental block, exhaustion finally catching up with him, and he was just trying to distract himself? There were endless reasons why Tony could be acting like that, he never ceased to surprised Steve. Until one day, an idea crossed Steve’s mind when Tony seemed so eager to get him to play with some drones – something Tony had never done, he even disliked when Steve played catch with Dummy – Was all that was happening related to Age Play? Was it possible that Tony had gotten interested in it and wanted to give it a try?
According to Phil, Tony had tried to get back to his normal headspace during all the time he looked after him, but once Steve was in charge, Tony had had no problems with staying little. Whether that had been due to having being sick or because Tony had wanted it that way, Steve didn’t know, though that didn’t change the fact that it had been the longest time and the littlest Tony had been in all the time they’d been age playing.
It had been a long time indeed.
If daddy were there with him, Tony would be able to calm down more easily.
Unlike the previous time, Tony got a bit embarrassed during the process, but he never once tried to hide away from it. He squirmed when Steve cleansed the diaper area thoroughly with baby wipes, he whined when Steve grasped his ankles and lifted his bottom in order to be able to slide the new diaper under it, and squirmed some more when Steve gently applied cream on his privates, but the only thing Steve had to do to bring his baby out of his distress was provide him with some kisses and cuddles.
“Tony, please open up,” Phil asked, holding a thermometer in front of Tony’s face, though it seemed as if Phil had asked the exact opposite, because Tony closed his mouth more tightly. “C’mon buddy, I need to take your temperature, I’m afraid you’re running a fever.” Tony shook his head as he sank further into the bed. “You know how adults need to take little kids’ temperature when they refused to take it orally, don’t you?” he warned, and he would have laughed at Tony’s expression of pure horror if he hadn’t been so worried. “That’s a good boy,” he praised when Tony opened his mouth and allowed him to put the tip of the thermometer under his tongue.
As carefully as possible, Steve closed the door and sighed with relief. When Tony had come back, he had been cranky and on the edge, and even if his eyelids dropped with exhaustion, Tony had been unable to fall asleep. Steve had had to give him a long relaxing bubble bath and rocked him back and forth for over thirty minutes before Tony could finally driff off to dreamland. Dealing with a fussy Tony was something Steve didn’t mind at all, he even thought Tony was kind of cute when he was a bit moody, but as much as Steve wanted to look after his baby and spend time with him, he preferred Tony to sleep.
“I’m not feeling little,” Tony clarified, turning to look suspiciously at Steve.
“I’m okay!” Clint yell from the kitchen. Steve should have gone with him to make sure he didn’t do anything naughty, but if he stood up, Tony would latch to him again and it had been very difficult to coax him into letting go enough to try to feed him. Something that wasn’t going very well either. “Come on baby, I know you’re hungry, your tummy is rumbling.” Steve returned his attention to Tony, pressing the nugget stabbed with the fork against Tony’s corner of his lips. Tony shook his head one more time. “You need to eat something, sweetheart,” he insisted.
“I think you know,” Steve said, “the fact that now you’re able to slip into your little headspace doesn’t mean you don’t remember the things you did once you’re out of it,” he hurried to say before Tony could play oblivious.
“Knock harder,” Tony ordered a bit grouchily, not knowing exactly why he felt moody all out of the blue.
“Hey!” Clint complained, turning his head around, a huge pout on his face.
With that in mind, Phil placed his hands on the closet doors, and he was ready to slide them open when someone beat him to it from inside. Before Phil’s brain had time to analyze what had happened, Tony rushed out of the closet, knocking Phil over in the process, and disappeared into the bathroom, closing the door behind him.
“Then, what’s the problem?” Steve questioned. Shyly, Tony looked back at him, brown big eyes imploring him to stop prying. A shame that wasn’t going to happen. “Tony, we can’t continue like this, so I’m gonna ask you something, and I want you to give me an honest answer, please,” he warned, a note of firmness in his voice. “Do you want me to be your daddy again?” Tony remained silent, this time holding Steve’s eyes instead of looking away, still silently imploring to give it a rest. “You know, I wouldn’t mind at all. I’d love to, actually. I don’t know about you, but I really, really miss my baby.”
With ease, Steve scooped Tony up and walked to the rocking chair, sitting down and swinging Tony’s legs up so he ended up sitting sideways, his back braced against Steve’s arm. Before Tony could take his thumb to his mouth, Steve grabbed the red pacifier clipped to the front of the onesie and pushed it into Tony’s mouth. Tony frowned at first, but soon started to suck on it.
___________
“I’m so proud of you, kiddo. Thank you for agreeing to this,” Steve praised as he leaned forward and kissed Tony on the forehead, making him squirm a little, but his eyes couldn’t hide the light of gratitude that overwhelmed him.
Thanks for your comments and your kudos, they mean too much.
When Steve turned around, carrying two plates with both of his hands, he sighed heavily as he looked that Tony’s chair was empty. Putting the plates on the table, he looked around in search of his stubborn partner, finding him in his way to the bathroom, was he really going to wash their hands for the first time by free will? He didn’t think so.
That was what had led Tony to his current predicament. He had woken up with a strong urge to pee, and even if he had been about to wake Steve up so he took his diaper off as usual, Tony had refrained himself from doing so. What was the point of wearing a diaper if he wasn't going to use it? There was no doubt Steve wouldn't mind if he did, Tony even got the feeling that Steve wanted him to. So, Tony might as well do it.
“Here where? What for?”
Phil couldn’t help scowling at him, “I told you I’d make you one, didn’t I?”
“Hey Tony, would you like to…” Tony heard Steve say, startling him out of his stupor. He had been so lost in thought that he hadn’t even heard Steve’s footsteps as he descended the stairs. “Jesus, what happened in here? What are all these boxes?” Steve asked, looking around, eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
"No, you're not. Why did you say no? What did you mean?" Steel kept questioning, walking back to the bed and stopping right in front of him.
look. He perfectly knew what that look meant. That look made him listen to alarm bells inside his head, literally. That look made him get butterflies in his stomach, but not the kind you usually feel when being excited. That look made him want to run as fast as he could to go and hide in his workshop. That I-know-what-is-happening-inside-your-head look of Steve that Tony hated so much, because no matter how hard he tried to get out of it, Steve couldn’t be gotten rid of when he got into Daddy mode.
“OK, pasta it is. Yeah, I’m in a mood for pasta” Yeah, monologues were very common when Tony started to have arguments with his creations.
“Of course buddy, you choose,” Phil agreed, wrapping an arm around Clint’s waist so he didn’t slip from his lap.
“Hey, there,” Steve greeted when two half-lidded brown eyes peeked back at him. Tony blinked sleepily a few times before closing his eyes again, making Steve chuckle. For someone who was always so reluctant to go to sleep, Tony sure had a hard time waking up.
“No,” Tony said very, very quietly. Steve grinned after pressing a kiss to the top of his head.
Both of them were fast asleep on the couch in Clint’s living room. Steve was leaning on the back of the couch with his head hanging down in a way that Tony knew he was going to regret it in the morning, while Clint was curled on Steve’s lap against his chest, a hand clutched to Steve’s t-shirt. Without being able to take his eyes off the screen, Tony flopped down on his bed, his mind a complete mess.
“But it was my fault,” Tony argued, voice full of guilt even if it had been barely above a whisper.
“Not even Captain Rogers, Sir?” JARVIS asked.
They had been there for who knows how long, Tony had lost track of time.
There was a time when those kind of comments would have made Steve reconsider whatever he was denying Clint. But after babysitting him for a few times, Steve realized how improper – and sometimes dangerous – it would be to please little Clint all the time.
It had been at around midnight when Steve finally managed to undress Tony, give him a scrub down with a wash cloth – there was no way Steve was going to venture to give him a bath, besides the fact that it would have been a very difficult task giving the circumstances, there had been a voice in his head that screamed ‘bad idea!” when he thought about getting Tony near water – put a diaper on him, and settle him down barely enough to try to make him get some sleep.
Anyway, if you saw a mistake, please let me know. :)
If honesty was something Tony deserved, being tricked or manipulated was something he certainly did not deserved. And Steve was afraid he may have been doing that.
Without more delay, Steve stood up and took the cushion away from Tony, sliding his hands under Tony’s armpits and lifting him up. Steve expected his boy to complain about it as he usually did, what he didn’t expect was the frightened expression that appeared on his face as his eyes desperately asked him why he had done such a thing.
Although he spilled the water on himself, Tony refused to change, and Phil got the feeling that was due to the fact that Tony didn’t want to be dressed in a onesie. Fortunately, Steve kept some of his t-shirts there, in the closet of the nursery. Unfortunately, that reminded Tony about Steve, and even if he clearly tried not to, he ended up sobbing once more.
“Che-chea… cheating!” Tony accused.
Well, I was planning on updating this on last Friday, but I had a lot of work.
“Very nice timing, JARVIS,” Steve stated as he got up from the floor too and picked Tony up.
Of course, Steve wasn’t going to sit back and do nothing. It was true that he had promised to stop if so requested by Tony, and he had every intention of staying true to his word; but that was proving to be difficult due to the fact that Tony hadn’t giving him any reason or justification whatsoever.
“You… you were taking too l-long,” Clint pointed out, sounding insecure. He sure knew no excuses were valid to Phil.
But Steve never intended to raise the subject again, Tony became aware of that later. His method was subtler. Nobody would have never noticed but Tony. And when he put two and two together, Tony had already been a lost cause, gotten too used to being paid attention to and cared for to be truly mad at Steve.
“So?” Phil insisted, returning his attention to Steve.
How could the sheets smell like Tony, if Tony had never come to sleep in the crib?
"I don't know what you mean," Steve lied.
Sucking his thumb became a way to soothe himself whenever stress started to be too much, JARVIS had to call his attention once because Tony was about to put a greasy finger in his mouth. Hugging his dinosaur stuffie helped him to fall asleep more easily on those nights when he’d decided to go to bed and Steve was away on a mission. Hanging out in the nursery for a while reduced his anxiety, especially if he got JARVIS to play in the background one of the recordings there were of the times Steve had read him to bed.
“Stop this now Tony. You’re going to stay still and finish your food which by now should be cold, thank you very much.”
Eventually, Tony got tired and let himself lay limp on Steve’s lap, there was no way he could release himself if Steve didn’t want him to. Maybe if he suited up, but giving the circumstances and the way things had been playing out lately, JARVIS would refuse to send him one of his suits without a doubt. Tony was starting to believe Steve was secretly a hacker or something, and he must have changed some of JARVIS’ programming, because if it wasn’t like that, that would mean JARVIS had paired up with Steve on its own accord, and that made Tony feel very troubled and uneasy.
The good thing was that Tony didn’t give up easily, and if he put his mind into it, he could always figure out how to get what he wanted the way he wanted. If he couldn’t really relax into his little headspace and wasn’t willing to follow Steve’s terms – at least not yet – there had to be another way, right? Perhaps if he behaved childishly, Steve would feel tempted to let it slip and take the initiative one more time, giving Tony a bit more time to get used to the idea that he sooner or later would have to abide Steve’s demands.
“OK, sorry. I guess I’m not making any sense here,” Phil apologized, taking some seconds to calm down. He took the closest cushion and placed it carefully on the ear Clint didn’t have pressed to his thigh.
“Are you going to tell Tony?” Phil repeated.
“Tony, I need to get the diaper, please stay here,” Steve pleaded before moving away to retrieve it, he really didn’t feel like chasing after Tony one more time.
“So, how are you feeling?” Steve repeated, placing his right hand on Tony’s upper arm and rubbing his thumb against it. Tony’s body stiffened slightly, but he didn’t try to get away from the touch.
His breathing stopped for some minutes when he looked through the window and he could make out the Tower. Tony was running out of time and he still had no clue how he was going to get out if this.
“I thought you’d finished it by now.” Tony commented.
His father made sure Tony never got his hands on anything Howard considered childish, he even got someone to go through Tony’s stuff in his dorm once in a while to make sure he wasn’t sneaking in anything he shouldn’t. Even Rhodey confessed to him once that Howard had contacted him and offered him a large sum of money in order to keep an eye on him and report back to him if Tony ever did something out of the ordinary. Rhodey denied the offer, of course.
“I knocked,” Steve defended himself.
“Jesus Tony, you are really sneaky,” Steve told him at the same time he grabbed Tony by the arms so he wouldn’t fall down. Really, Tony couldn’t be blamed for staggering, running into Steve was like running into a huge rock.
“Natasha’s waiting for you outside, she’s flying you back home,” Phil informed after he settled into the chair that was next to the bed.
Carelessly, Tony proceeded to soap up his hands and washed them, wondering what Steve would do if he found out Tony hadn’t washed up correctly. Would he let it pass or would he do something about it? Would Steve stand behind him and take his hands in his to show him how he was supposed to wash them? Because that was what parents did when children didn’t do it correctly, wasn’t it? And Steve, unlike Howard, would surely be the kind of father who explained and showed patiently how everything is done. It would be nice to have a father like that, even if it was just pretend.
Steve had given him that teddy bear. He had literally dragged him to the toy store and made him choose one stuffed animal, arguing that it was unbearable for a kid not to have an animal companion to hold at night. Tony had complained that he wasn’t really a kid and that he didn’t need one, but Steve would not let him leave the store without getting one. So, he had chosen the first teddy bear he saw, simply wanting to leave the store as soon as possible before somebody saw them. It had been an exceedingly common teddy bear, brown with a “hug me” embroidered on his tummy. Yet, Tony had secretly loved it and had been very grateful to Steve for making him go and get it.
The cute image his baby projected put Steve’s self-control to the test one more time, though instead of going and gather him in his arms as he was dying to do, he remained stood right where he was and observed how Tony took small steps in different directions without really heading anywhere.
“You’re gonna–,” Tony murmured, a hint of indecision in his voice.
Steve had no idea for how long he rocked Tony back and forth trying to get him to sleep, but Tony just wouldn’t close his eyes. In any case, it was him and not Tony the one who was falling asleep. That was certainly unusual, since Steve never took naps, and if he did, it was only because Tony didn’t want to sleep alone. Maybe he was more stressed than he realized, and that was draining his energy away.
Tony squirmed on his seat and tried to ignore him, focusing his eyes on the pizza like if it was the most interesting thing in the world. Those looks were even worse than the others, because those looks were so full of affection and care that got him to feel Little, and that was the last thing he needed when he was still trying to figure out an escape. What if he choked with the pizza? OK, Tony got the feeling that that was one of those not-so-brilliant ideas he usually got in this situations.
“Language, Tony,” Steve scolded, setting the plates on the table.
Why the hell did the Board want an updated version of his StarkPhone? The one that had been released just a couple of months before was more than perfect. A StarkPhone Plus? Really? Were they freaking kidding him? Greedy old bastards, they just wanted more money and didn’t care if the customers were already satisfied with their phones. Seriously, they just wanted a version with a larger screen. What a…?! A larger screen? Even if they knew how bad the critical response was when other companies did the same with their products? He just couldn’t let his company take that road. He had to add something more than a larger screen to this freaking plus version so its purchase was worthy.
“No, daddy,” Tony complained, but he didn’t hesitate to throw his arms around his neck when Steve balanced him on a hip, head resting on his shoulder.
“I don’t want your help,” Tony hissed, trying to get rid of the grip once more. Steve groan loudly.
Perhaps because the one who Tony wanted right now was daddy, not Steve. Daddy would scoop him up, rock him, and take turns between whispering reassurances in his ears and kissing him on the side of his head until Tony calmed down. Tony couldn’t really explain why, but he was sure that was exactly what he needed right now.
“I know sweetpea, I know, but I’m afraid I won’t feel comfortable anymore just deciding for you. This is supposed to be helpful for both of us, and I don't wanna risk doing something you don't really find enjoyable. I told you before, you don't have to be a baby if you don't want to, I’m perfectly alright with looking after a big boy if that’s what you wish to be,” Steve claimed, and he had to bite his lip to hold back the smile that threatened to crinkle his mouth when Tony shook his head shyly, “but even if you’re okay with being my baby, that doesn’t necessarily mean you have to do everything babies do. I mean, I don’t want you to think that only because daddy bought you a crib, now you have no choice but to sleep in it.”
Steve plunged his hand more and he must have pulled the plug because the water began to drain as he stood up, eliminating any intention Tony might have had to refuse leaving the bathtub until he had at least tried to play a little with the toys Steve had chosen and bought for him. Wrapping a towel around Tony’s shoulders, Steve helped him to stand up and used the same towel to dry him off as fast and carefully as possible.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, is there something you wouldn't like to do?" Steve wanted to know. Tony shook his head as an answer, feeling worse. If this was something that had been running through his mind for a while, he should have at least an idea of the things he would like to try. Apparently, all the research he had done had been in vain, he felt extremely clueless. "Hey, relax, it's OK," Steve soothed, surely noticing how tensed Tony's body was getting.  "C'mon here," Steve asked.
“Littler? Accident? I’m sorry, but I’m not really following you,” Steve confessed.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked from the door, startling Tony a little. He felt his chest tightening more.
conversation. In a way, he would prefer just to go straight to the practice and skip the awkward chat, but he knew that would never happen. Steve liked to talk things out so they both were in the same page and there weren’t any misunderstandings – something Steve should have done when all this started, but OK, that topic was already forgotten.
“Is there something wrong?” Steve asked when their eyes met. Tony said nothing, but he turned his head towards where the bath toys laid in the now empty bathtub. That gesture had been enough for Steve to understand his mortification, “Hey, baby, it’s OK, if you didn’t like them, we can go shopping together and buy something you like,” he suggested.
At a speed that could certainly be taken as superhuman, Tony uncurled himself, got on his hands and knees, and crawled to the corner of the crib, where he rose to his feet and clumsily tried to swing a leg over the rail. Steve barely had time to reach out, grab him by the back of his t-shirt, and pull him back. Tony struggled a little to break free before finally losing his balance and falling back down onto the crib, on his bottom. Quickly and panicky, he moved back from him, and stopped until his back bumped into the crib bars on the opposite corner.
“What’s your answer Tony?” Steve’s arms were folded over his chest again, fingers digging into his own flesh instead of Tony’s. Which is how it should be. The domineering and threatening aura dripping from Steve like the arrogance Tony was constantly accused of. It was a perfect reminder of everything Tony hated about Steve and how he needed to be careful. Much more careful than he had been in the past week because Steve’s moods swung as easily as the weather. You thought you had your predictions down until a sunny day became a thunderstorm. Tony was never braced for lightning at the right times.
Tony dropped his head back down.
“FRIDAY?”
Steve was staring at him like he was actually debating tossing him from the window. Which is why Tony was dumbstruck when their lips met. Tony could have called it a kiss. Their first kiss, but it felt more like a punishment. Steve digging teeth harshly into Tony’s bottom lip, shredding the skin there. Pulling back to take a look at his handiwork before returning. Laving his tongue over the wound in an apology Tony had never wanted.
“I don’t want to wear a bunch of monkey suits Tony,” Steve said, but his mouth was twitching upward.
Tony didn’t know what he was looking for at the bottom of these bottles, but he was going to keep drinking until he found it. Until all the pieces that made up the world made sense and he finally knew how to save it.
“Yeah,” Tony said stiffly and then continued under his breath, “Got a whole room in the Stark Mansion with memorabilia and everything.” Not that he went there often.
“Should I be flattered that you want to learn more about me?”
Steve stopped walking and had to tighten his grip on Tony’s shoulder to keep him from falling into the wall. Tony was drowning under that gaze and stern expression. It said, you’re the genius isn’t it obvious? It said, he already knew the answer to his own question, but Tony was only drawing blanks.
“I’m fine,” Tony said, extending an arm so Steve could hoist him up. Tony recalibrated himself to standing, the ringing in his ears still sounding and disorienting. “Is she still out there?”
“I don’t want to fight,” Steve repeated his eyes a dark reflection of the landscape behind them. There was whiskey dripping from his hair where he hadn’t quite managed to avoid it before the bottle had been knocked away.
Steve laughed.
The vibrations of a moan had Tony yanking his head back suddenly. It collided with the glass adding another low thrum into the mix of sensations forcing their way through his body. He looked up and all he could see was black in Steve’s eyes. Knew in that moment how doomed he was.
“Leave and I’ll be taking one of these air crafts to the coast instead.”
“Cute, but let me show you something with a little more… Sophistication.”
Now it was Tony’s turn to roll his eyes. “FRIDAY watches my vitals while I sleep. I’ll be fine.” Steve wasn’t moving, Tony could catch a shadow of him by the nightstand from his periphery.
If anything, Steve looked more uncomfortable than when Tony had first broached the subject of his love life. Tony knew better than to press like this. Steve got cagey when you talked about that or the past for too long. Now they were talking about a mixture of both. Still, every piece of new information he discovered felt like his first major scientific discovery.
“What’s the difference between a day and a week for a man on the run? I don’t see any timer running Rogers.”
Steve paused in the doorway. “Thank you Tony.”
Footsteps echoed through the room. No more a stranger than they had been when they entered. Still, Tony pretended not to know the man, ignored the longing the sound caused in the cavity of his chest.
Sitting with his legs splayed out in front of him, he leaned back against the cool glass to take in the view. Here in his first real home since his parents had died. Not that the mansion had ever been a home, but his mother a reprieve. Something familiar about Howard’s scorn that he could see a welcome mat in it. Tony had been thinking about his parents more often lately. He was trying on a paintbrush that shaded it all in lighter colors.
He didn’t wait to see if Steve would comply. Just yanked him back hard enough that their teeth banged together. Years worth of desperation scraping its way to the surface. Tony dug his fingers into Steve’s shoulder to gain leverage. Pushed himself closer so he was just off the floor. Chest to chest with the man that he shouldn’t be touching like this. Touched him more. It was never going to be enough.
“You’ve got me Tony,” Steve managed with more deadpan Tony thought possible until that moment. It’d been weeks since a genuine smile had curled around his face. It took only a second for it to wipe back off. Happiness in any form it took wasn’t deserved. Didn’t feel right anymore.
He wasn’t attempting to be quiet, this intruder on Tony’s goodbye. He could be. When he wanted to. Turn all that weighted muscle into something silent. Something dangerous. It didn’t obey the laws of physics how he chose to move sometimes. No quiet now, wanting to be heard. Sure footsteps of a soldier. Radiated confidence and a stubborn nature Tony was too familiar with.
Determined to finish once and for all, Tony opened his eyes, but his sight was a little blurry. Maybe a nap wasn’t such a bad idea, it might clear his mind and let him see the root of those glitches. Nevertheless, napping on a sofa wasn’t an appealing idea. Contrary to popular believe, it wasn’t easy for him to fall asleep just anywhere, he was a millionaire for God’s sake, his body was more than used to sleeping on the finest mattresses. If he ever did, it was just because the fatigue had caused his body to shut down, and right now he wasn’t that exhausted, not yet. Perhaps if he had his ted… He shook his head angrily to get rid of that thought, clearly Anthony Stark didn’t need that, didn’t want that. He would stay there and try to doze for some minutes, just enough time to clear his mind and…
At first, Steve thought it was all in his head, a product of his imagination, after all, Clint did enter the nursery even if it was only to drag the chest of his favorite toys out of the room, not wanting to spend more time than necessary in there. He could perfectly be the one who was leaving things misplaced, he had never been an organized person, and it was always hard to get him to clean up after playing. Steve had had to take him back into the nursery several times in order to make sure he put everything away properly, since Clint tended to throw things and run out in his haste to move on to the next activity, whatever it was.
How had Tony gotten into this vicious circle and how was he supposed to break through it?
“That you should give him some space if he doesn’t want to be around you.” Okay, Steve had heard correctly.
Maybe Steve was being honest. Maybe he did mean what he said. Maybe there was no hidden intention after all. Maybe he did want to help him just out of the goodness of his heart. But even if Tony believed and accepted that, he couldn’t help to wonder why. Why would Steve like to do this? Why would he get involved in something so twisted? Why Tony’s logic side told him to leave when he felt so safe and comfortable just where he was? Perhaps this would work out. Or perhaps this would end up very badly. But right in that moment, Tony couldn’t care less, because, apparently, Steve’s serenity was very contagious, and all he felt like doing was to relax, forget about everything and go back to sleep.
(See the end of the chapter for
“C’mon, is that all you’ve got?” Steve teased, resisting the urge to chuckle when a huge moue appeared on Clint’s face. Did he use to pout before? Steve had no idea. Maybe he did and Steve just didn’t realize it, his perspective had truly changed after he found out Clint was into Age Play.
“You don’t?” Tony shook his head. “So, you’re also a liar on the top of all of this. I didn’t raise you to be a liar, Anthony.”
“Whut?” Tony raised his head a bit to look around, and slumped back down onto the mattress when he realized where they were. “Ohgodfuckme,” he grumbled, groping around for a pillow and hiding his head under it. If Steve wasn’t sure about which Tony he was dealing with, that curse made it clear. A familiar pang of disappointment took its place, though Steve did his best to ignore it. As much as he would’ve liked to have some more time with his baby, he knew it’d be easier to reason with Tony about everything that had happened yesterday if he was in his adult mindset. And, oh boy, did they need to talk!
“I would have never guessed,” Tony said, resisting too much sarcasm. “What can I do you for Cap? You’ve seen me every day this week and still needed more?” Tony drummed his hands lightly along the piano top, trying to summon up some arrogance to paste on. “I can’t say I blame you if that’s the case.”
Steve took in a shaky breath. Stared out at the landscape before nodding. “If that’s what you want.”
“Pretty sure if I give you the glasses you are flying out of here before we get a chance to talk,” Steve said almost looking amused. Always acting like he knew Tony so well.
“Our lack of mercy.” The green of her eyes seemed to shine brighter. “Amora, the Enchantress. I’m sure you’ve heard of me,” She said pushing her hair back, with more dramatic flair than was probably unnecessary. Still, Tony could appreciate the flair of it all.
“The plan was not be seen Spider-Man, let alone get caught,” Tony said quietly, well aware that Steve could pick up every word. Secrecy hardly mattered at this junction.
Instead, Steve sat down on the piano bench. Knees knocking into Tony’s with a playful cadence. “I thought you had your own quarters at the new facilities.”
Tony snorted. How much bravado can a Stark muster? A whole world’s worth. If you pretend not to be broken long enough reality will come to heel. Come to heal you into what you’ve convinced yourself to be. “Bigger monsters out there,” Tony lied. Not that it wasn’t true to the world, but it wasn’t true to him.
This time when he pulled away Tony managed to find words. “You’re fucking crazy,” was all he could get out. Steve was still watching his mouth, now a mirror of each other.
Tony blinked at the change of gears. “Aren’t you well informed? Two guesses at who the double agent is,” Tony said laughing bitterly.
Not whatever this was.
“We’ve got an Asgardian with abilities. Thor would tell us the abilities are based on science beyond our current tiny human mind’s comprehension. I’m going to call it like I see it and say it’s magic. The previous incident with the Asgardian resulted in what we’re going to refer to as an explosion, hitting about a sixteen-kilometer radius. The site remained active for twelve hours after the implosion. Anyone who entered the zone dead upon contact.”
“Yes, however will he narrow it down with your first name and face?” Tony called back shaking his head and rubbing his fist against his eye. “I don’t know what I was thinking.”
, “- wont ask again.” He could already tell that he’d regret this conversation in the morning, but it was minuscule compared to everything else Tony wanted to take back. Steve wouldn’t hold tonight against him.
That was the truth, but when Steve offered him a smile at Tony’s compliance it was difficult to remember all of that. How many smiles would it take for Tony to completely forget himself? It wasn’t the first time he’d asked that question. He didn’t have the answer.
Rhodey was struggling to keep pace with him and despite the ticking hands of an invisible clock, Tony found himself slowing in his gait. He glanced over to Rhodes and wasn’t sure what he was expecting. Not the frustration that poured out of his best friend in steady waves. There was concern for Tony’s safety lurking in there, but more than anything else was Rhodey’s desire to be in his very own suit, having each others backs.
Steve had a look of such uncertainty that Tony felt like his heart could break all over again.
Tony leaned against the wall, next to where the doorframe would. There was the temptation to jump out preemptively, but maybe he had gained a little bit of patience in his older age. “I’ve got your back shell head.”
“Yes, really. Why are you here?” Tony said the words as firmly as he could. A voice he rarely broke out except in board meetings gone wild. Which let’s face it, if that were the case he was usually the cause.
She laughed, light and effortless. “I wouldn’t be.”
“If you think it will work, it will work.”
Tony squeezed his eyes shut. When he pulled away his arm this time, Steve let him. It was infuriating that he only had control over his own body at the whims of another person. But, Tony had been afflicted with that problem long before Steve’s hands had gotten anywhere near touching him.
“Aunt May?”
Tony swallowed uneasily. Laid his hands, with all of their scars, callouses, and memories out in front of both of them. “She looked down at my hands told me they were made to create.” He could hear the words that had been uttered decades ago in his ear. The wonder there, the marvel in her voice that could turn Howard’s indifference into something almost obsolete.
“I figured you’d say that,” she said, nodded her head. She turned to one of the humans, running a glowing green finger along his jawline. He leaned into the touch rather than away from her. “Jerry.” He nodded eagerly in recognition of his name. Tony prepared himself in case he’d wrongly assumed that the civilians were human. That had matched what he had seen on his monitor, but there was no telling if there were other humanoid creatures out in the galaxy with matching heat signatures. “Stab yourself.”
“Don’t like it?” Steve questioned tilting his head.
“Is she doing a Jesus across the water? I thought Thor was the only one who could fly.”
He seemed more in the present than Tony had ever seen him. Words were rebounding in his head.
“I’m just about done with the suit if you want to take a look.” Tony said hurriedly pointing back to the projected image of it. Anything that would constitute as a distraction.
“Visions meeting me. Nothing to worry about.”
Tony blinked away from the widening hole that was rippling out like a whirlpool in the water around them. “I tend to bring them with me,” he said. Firing off not only the repulsors in her direction but a series of compact missiles. A concentration of the green aura flared around her palms as she merely batted his attack with a simple movement. It was in that second Tony knew he was screwed and didn’t have enough time to unscrew himself from the situation.
“I’m sure not ruling it out,” Tony agreed, pointing at the screen now that Steve was standing next to him. Five of the humans were there, within five feet of the Asgardian. The other two were about ten to fifteen away. “What’s the word on the ground FRIDAY?”
“What way?” Tony asked biting, thinking. He’d still take a few hits if he called the suit before it got there. Worse case scenario would send him flying through the window, again. The suit should be able to catch him before he hit the ground. Tony doubted Steve was here to do something quite that homicidal, but he was not going to give him the benefit of the doubt either.
“I find that when people walk in with preconceived notions it’s helpful to know what they are. So why don’t you tell me, Rogers?”
“I mean I didn’t start it. Howard did. Never mind this isn’t important,” Tony replied, quickly scrubbing his hands over his eyes to wipe away the tiredness. Steve’s expression had changed to that concerned one Tony was too use to. “What’s more important is your wardrobe Cap. What is happening there?”
Tony’s breath was coming too fast. Maybe he’d throw up. Throw up the contents of everything that made him, him. Let them spill across the floor so Steve could recoil away in disgust and Tony could finally walk away as a better person. “You told me I could have saved you.” Us. “You asked me to do more.”
Steve had stepped into Tony’s imaginary perimeter of too close for comfort. Tony didn’t hesitate on making a side dive to where his glasses lay. Using his right hand to fling the contents of the bottle in the direction he expected Steve to come at him from. None of his movements were nearly fast enough. He had a finger brushing against a frame when a hand curled around his wrist to slam it up against the glass window behind them. The other knocked the bottle so it spun across the floor spraying liquid everywhere it went.
“Here’s a joke. Self proclaimed hero responsible for the deaths of hundreds.” Tony rolled back his shoulder to force Steve’s hand to drop away from it. The churning heat in his gut from too many whiskeys mixed with the burning brand of fingertips became overwhelming for him. Tony staggered and had to steady himself against the wall. “Punchline is a bit shaky I know.”
Steve nodded. “Do you have a plan?”
Steve audibly cleared his throat. “For what?” The words were unnaturally tight, but Tony was already elsewhere. Already concentrating on a different variety of tones.
Steve’s mouth turned up and brows raised. The implications of the answer being obvious was portrayed. His amusement over what Tony had missed clear. “Odds were in my favor.” Tony rolled his eyes. “I think the real question is why you came knowing I’d be here looking for you.”
Steve was unimpressed.
Steve said nothing. His face had gone unreadable, Tony stared holes into Steve’s sneakers instead. Ran his hands over his face, tried to erase the media images and bodies from his eyelids.
“Can I quote you on that Cap?”
“Nothing you could have prevented.” Tony looked over to the side. “Believe me I’ve looked at it from every angle.”
“Nothing wrong with a thank you Tony.”
Steve chuckled but continued to think the question over. “I’d like to think I’m someone who is always willing and ready to do what is right. No matter what the cost is. No matter what it takes.” It was such a Steve answer too, Tony was sure he’d heard variations of it over the years. It wasn’t that it was wrong, exactly, but…
and my dear friend Demiguise for betaing this. They are both absolutely wonderful! I hope you enjoy and comments are always appreciated.
“Yeah, getting unnecessarily tossed into a building will do that to a guy.” Despite Tony’s protest’s Steve wrapped an arm around his shoulders. Tony wasn’t going to thank him for the help he’d denied. Even if there was denting in his metal alloy that was digging uncomfortably at several spots in his body, his left ankle in particular. Nothing was broken. He’d just have more bruises to contend with than he’d like.
Regardless of the why he couldn’t let the conversation end there. Not with self-mourning echoing out of Rhodes. “I’ve almost got War Machine optimized-” Tony started in effort  to break the tension and offer some kind of assurance, but Rhodes was starting a sentence of his own.
Tony held out his other hand. “Don’t.” He turned his head back against the wall and slid his way down to the floor. “Don’t Captain America me. I don’t want the speech. I don’t want my spirits lifted. There are families out there grieving because of me. That would be here if I-” he was shouting. Steve may be there, but he was only a member of the audience. The shouting was all for himself.
Tony really should have expected it, but was still cursing at Steve when he decided to bypass the zipper. Instead, tearing one of his pant legs to get the fabric off of him and gain easy access. Tony hadn’t been wearing anything underneath, could see the approval on Steve’s face.
Rhodey’s wide stretching smile didn’t last long before a more serious mask took its place. “We’re gonna talk about this later. Go save the Jersey Shore for the both of us.” He nodded towards Steve who was almost at the end of the hall and at the door leading outside. Rhodes may be walking away and teasing now, but this was far from over. It wasn’t a heart to heart Tony was looking forward to. In fact, he was suddenly remembering a conference in Australia he needed to desperately attend.
The bed pressed downward when Steve sat next to him instead of leaving Tony with a smidgen of his dignity left. “You’re looking in a bad way. I get that you need time, but come visit us at the facility. People want to see you. I think it could do you some good.”
for taking the time to beta this chapter. I appreciate it so much! Thank you to the readers for reading and commenting. <3 Please enjoy.
“How did you know I’d be here?” It had been bothering Tony since the beginning. He’d not planned this ahead of time, in fact had decided on avoiding the place. He had Happy take care of every aspect of packing and moving so he wouldn’t have to think about it. The decision to come here had been impulsive.
“What’s the-“
The dialogue had been born of repetition, words they’d said to each other a dozen times before. Now, it was comparable to having shrapnel in his chest all over again. Every extra beat it took was another second of borrowed time and agony. Tony could imagine the metal shard traveling deeper. Tearing his heart apart from this inside out.
Not a single badly placed word could take away from that.
“You designed a floor, specifically for me?”
The one with empty eyes and blood dripping. Dripping. Dripping.
“Can I get what Steve just said put in my private servers. I’m going to need it to play back at him at every opportune moment.”
Steve gingerly set Tony on his feet. Tony slid down the glass wall onto the floor. His hands were trembling. Even with the endorphins rampaging their way through his body reality was crawling its way back in. He could feel Steve’s come sliding out of him, already cooling. The burn of what they had just done resonating through his body.
Tony was just within Steve’s striking distance when he stopped. Cocked his head to take in Steve’s stress free positioning. Steve had something on him. Correction, something more than the other night. Tony huffed out a breath. “Why are you here?” Tony asked more quietly, feeling more like he should have cleared out the entire state instead of half the compound.
It took a moment for Tony to line that up, but he knew bait when he saw it. It didn’t stop him for walking right into Cap’s little trap. “Are you talking about my smoothies? You better not be. Those smoothies are great. Everyone loves them. You were the one that kept complaining about what I put in my mouth. You don’t get to complain after the fact too.”
Steve was smiling and there was nothing warm about it. Still, Tony was drawn to it like there was fire not ice. Like if he touched Steve he’d be consumed by him. He hoped to be burned alive because then there would be no more tomorrow. Just this moment where nothing was more complicated than how quickly you could get skin back on skin.
“Rhodes is excellent, but he’s not you. I need you.”
“Honor to meet you. The strides you’ve made in science within your lifetime are truly inspiring. I’ve been reading up on it. I don’t understand most of it, yet, but from what I’ve gathered you have helped save a lot of lives. Your work with intellicrops alone is very impressive.”
“I don’t want to hear another word until we debrief,” Steve responded, voice getting stormier the more Tony talked. Tony managed some restraint. Giving the unconscious bodies that each were secured with metallic restraints around both their hands and their ankles. The ones holding the Asgardians were specially calibrated to match their strength and could render abilities like Loki’s null when activated. Thor had left a number of pairs with them during some of his many visits. There hadn’t been a visit like that in a while now.
Tony’s laughter was shaky. “When I was a kid I use to daydream that they would find you alive. That you would stand in front of me and my father. That you would tell me that I matter and that he would believe it too. Isn’t it funny how much things change?”
“Tony is fine,” Tony muttered moving over to another workstation and began fiddling with objects that lay there. Not actually doing anything, but relieving his jitteriness. It also felt like a good reason to not look Steve directly in the eye. “What can I do you for Captain?”
“That was dirty Stark.”
Tony didn’t give Steve a chance to utter a word. He made the decision that he would do better. Be at the new facility more often, because if there was one thing a Stark knew how to do it was present themselves how they wanted the public to absorb them. He could do that, Steve came all this way and he could do that. Also, if it meant that these idiotic late visits came to a stop, Tony was all on board for that.
Steve put his hand around Tony’s upper arm and easily pulled him up into a standing position. The hand moved to his opposite shoulder so that he could continue to steady Tony as they took a step forward. “I wasn’t coming here to convince you to put on the suit.”
“The civilians?”
Thanks to
“Harder,” the word came out as a harsh angry command even as his voice trembled, hitched, with the next thrust. He could come like that. Knew he could from the way his body was shaking with every move from Steve.
Tony collapsed into the nearest chair upon hearing the doors shut. “How bad was that JARVIS?” Tony asked referring to his sleep addled, nearly incoherent, conversing abilities. If he wasn’t so practiced at embarrassing himself he’d be blushing right now. As it was he felt too tired for all of that.
“I guess in your case it would be a big ole red, white and blue flag.”
“That’s the only reason you’re making the commute? I’d have thought you’d have found a way to anti-Vision your walls by now.” Tony leaned back into empty space, the soft, careful measure of Steve’s voice doing nothing but setting him on edge. His proximity jarring when Tony spent all day keeping his distance from everyone. He was there to help train, nothing else.
Tony said nothing. Didn’t allow himself to think of the reasons why he needed to say something. Just glared back with all the emotions he’d never been able to make sense of.
Difficult to read him once again, but his hands were no longer in an open placating gesture. They were curled into fists that had the power of a wrecking ball behind it. Tony swallowed uneasily.
Steve managed a smile at that. He was quickly pushing past the blockade he’d thrown up. Settling back into his high-spirits and a far too comfortable posture for a place where he was unwanted. Tony preferred the Steve on his guard to the one with a small disarming smile on his face.
Tony snorted. “Who knew an old dog knew any other tricks?” He mused, in blatant disbelief.
This Steve hadn’t moved since he’d first said Tony’s name. Seemed stunned into silence. Was waiting for something.
“I’ve been reflecting a lot,” Steve began.
Staying at the newly named Avengers Tower part of the time while this went on had felt like a good idea two weeks ago when he’d been given the clear.  Now, with the constant reminders of what happened back in May he was a lot less confident. Even when putting his suits to work on the reconstruction of the city he felt more of a hindrance than a help. It wasn’t enough, he wasn’t doing nearly enough.
Steve was looking at his face again. For a second features completely unguarded. Filled with the things Tony wasn’t allowed to think about. Tony resisted the urge to trail his hand along that jawline, over the crease of his brows. Whatever Steve saw reflected in Tony caused his expression to harden. He moved his hands under Tony, gripping his ass. Shocking Tony when he pulled himself up to a standing position, taking Tony with like he weighed nothing at all.
The dread was relatively easy to push into the background; he had years of experience regarding prioritizing his emotions into the background. He did so while jogging to catch up with Steve. “Where do you think you’re going?” He questioned when he was within touching distance. He was feeling his age as the words came out with an utter lack of elasticity. It was his best command voice and still didn’t hold a candle to Cap’s.
It’d use to be a place of comfort. Now the idea of fiddling at his workshop made him cagey. Where he’d been confident, he couldn’t help but second guess every decision. Tony entered his lab and some days he walked right back out. Other days, he stood in front of the tools that had made his Iron Man suits and felt an itch in his hands that he wouldn’t allow himself to scratch.
“Spider-Man Steve. Man.” They both gave each other a look. Steve laughed. Tony would have three months ago. Worked to keep his mouth in an impassive line now.
Also, the last couple days had involved a lot of alcohol.
“It’s lazy.”
The two additional civilians were police officers standing far to the right, guns drawn and trained on the figures standing before them. Both of their postures appearing to relax when they saw the vivid colors of his suit. “We got this from here. Make sure quadrant four is cleared up,” Tony said sub-vocally, tapping into their radios to deliver the message to them directly rather than broadcast it to everyone on the field. The officers didn’t withdraw their weapons but made a careful retreat back onto the boardwalk.
Tony knew immediately that this was going to be quick and rough. All the way from the prep to the fucking. Couldn’t have asked for anything more. Dug the blunt curve of his nails into Steve’s bicep when he introduced the first finger. Drizzling lube over Tony’s hole as he pushed it in past the first ring of muscles. Steve was rubbing his clothed cock against Tony’s leg, the one that didn’t have fabric covering it anymore. The desperate rutting would have broken any illusions left. Tony pushed back against him, wanting Steve to push harder. One finger became two. There was still blood welling from Steve’s bottom lip.
“Don’t like it?” Steve let his hand wander along his jaw, touching it in a look of contemplation. Still too far away for Tony to take stock of his eyes. Determine his intentions.
“They are continuing to clear civilians Boss. Officers have reported quadrants one, two, and three are clear. Quadrant four to the north is still in process of evacuation. Quadrant Five is mostly clear, they are waiting to hear back from a couple of their officers on final confirmation. Coast Guards have successfully cleared the area of all civilians on the waterfront. There are two unmanned boats in the area that were evacuated. There have been multiple reports from Coast Guards of a green glow emanating from the water.”
“That’s why you are here?” Tony asked carefully and could feel his heart pounding in his chest. Last he’d officially checked Steve had been seen headed toward Wakanda. At which point Tony had claimed to have lost the ability to track him. Apparently news traveled fast. What would Tony say if Steve said yes?
Still a little thrilling.
“Like you’re afraid.”
Maybe ignoring all of those phone calls was a poor plan, but Steve showing up like this wasn't a much better one.
It was then that he should have come to his senses. Demanded Steve to get the hell out of there and never touch him again. Despite the wildness in the gaze that met his, Tony knew he would listen. Would remove himself and it would be another few months before Tony saw him again.
Tony occasionally entertained the idea that if he lived in a completely different universe where he had any iris color than brown he wouldn’t have this problem. That the additional pigments were somehow the fault of why he never looked away when he should. That in a world with blue eyes, Tony would see Steve leaned up against his car and be able to walk right back into the Avengers facility without a single care in the world.
“Shit,” Steve uttered and Tony didn’t even feel the need to mock chide him over the swearing. There was still the surprised thrill despite everything else. “I’m sorry Tony. I should have let Rhodes come here instead. I-” The number of aborted sentences that had gathered in this conversation were growing uncomfortably large. Steve didn’t try to say anything else to that, a silent agreement to let that line of conversation die.
Steve stared for a long moment. Long enough to make Tony shift and look out the window. Steve had been doing that a lot lately. Tony let… Steve see too deeply into his broken soul and now all he got were those long searching stares. What Steve was searching for remained unclear, but if Steve was looking to fix something in there Tony would be happy to inform him the train had left that particular station.
Steve blinked before smiling. A little slyly, a little pleased. “Sounds like a lot of work.”
His body wasn’t sure if it wanted all the color to drain from his face or rush up there. It left for a dizzying and confusing couple steps.  “This is unbelievable. Actually unbelievable.”
Natasha had her arms folded across her chest with an expression of intimidation that could put Steve’s to shame. “Having fun boys?”
“I think so,” he answered instead. Tony could only say as much because it was at times like this he almost could. There was something so intense about having Steve’s full attention on you. To listen how earnestly he conversed that it was difficult to escape. To think of anything else. Tony could pretend for a moment that this was the only moment.
“And yet you felt the need to fly up there.”
“There is a significant energy spike at their location, matching the one we saw in India. I count eighty-seven civilians within the potential blast radius.”
“All alone up here?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve had his brows drawn together. Tony knew he was probably struggling to follow the twists of this conversation, but his next words came easy. “We won't. Not with you around and I don’t mean as an Avenger. There’s more than one way to support a team. Help me train the new recruits. They are shaping up, but they aren’t quite a team yet.”
“Eh… at home?” Steve informed, sounding confused.
“Shh, it’s okay sport, I’m done,” Steve announced, and Tony couldn’t help looking at him out of the corner of his eye. “C’mon kiddo, look at me. I’m not mad at you, it was just an accident,” he declared, caressing Clint’s abdomen affectionately.
Steve felt Tony’s body tensed one more time, and even if his face was half-hidden against his chest, Steve could tell Tony had gone crimson.
“Then why are you leaving?” Steve asked.
“Of course not, I never get sick,” Tony assured. Steve rolled his eyes at him. It was obvious that Steve wished to refute that statement, but he refrained himself from doing so. That topic never led to anything good.
"You've been acting weird," Tony assured.
"What? Jealous? I don't get jealous!" Tony exclaimed.
Cursing himself under his breath for not seeing it coming, Phil turned on his heel and chased after Tony right after he asked Clint to wait for him there. Perhaps it was a very bad idea to leave Clint alone when he was evidently in an unstable mood, but Phil was afraid of losing sight of Tony as there were plenty of places in the tower where he could hide, and spending all afternoon playing hide-and-seek with him wasn’t in Phil’s plans.
“Go ahead then, daddy will change you later,” Steve conceded, and he had to bite his lip to hold back a smile when Tony looked down at his crotch with eyes wide open as if he had forgotten – or maybe he hadn’t even realized – that he was wearing a diaper. A miserable groan escaped from deep within his throat, and Steve couldn’t help chuckling this time.
Tony's and Clint's relationship? Well, every time I picture this verse, I imagine them not getting along that well. I don't know, I guess the fact that I've seen some of my friends' kids doing the same had influenced my point of view. I mean, my friends think that their kids are gonna be very good friends just because they are the same age and we are friends, but sometimes it doesn't work that way.
“No, you’re going to spill the water.” Steve refused, his mouth twitching. Nothing never turned out well when Little Clint demanded to do big-boy things, and Steve had learned that almost as soon as he had begun babysitting him. “Just finish your meal so we can go and play.”
Happy New Year :D
Had Tony made that decision because of something Steve had done? Something Tony had disliked? If that was the case, Steve wanted to know what it had been, maybe they could set some other rules and boundaries and work this whole situation out. Steve was aware of the fact that he sometimes made Tony do things they hadn’t exactly agreed to, though the only reason he did that was because of Tony’s lack of courage to go and get the things he desired but thought he didn’t deserve or shouldn’t have. Not for nothing had Steve been the one who took the first step in their relationship, and not the other way around as everybody seemed to think. Steve had had a hard time getting through Tony’s head that he was much more than good enough for Captain America.
Settling Tony had been a battle, so to speak. He had been too flustered to listen to reason, and even if Steve considered the fact that Tony had been deep into his Littlespace to be a positive development, he couldn’t help thinking everything would have been much easier if Tony had been in a different mindset.
Steve had promised to stop this when Tony wasn’t comfortable anymore, and Tony was going to make him be true of his word.
Thus, waiting didn’t seem to be the best option. No matter how Tony looked at it, it was better to get this over and done with as soon as possible.
“Again, I’m so sorry to bother you. But you know how mischievous Clint can get when he’s not in the right mood and there’s not an adult around,” Phil apologized once more, though Steve didn’t think it was necessary. Besides the fact that Phil had just saved him from an afternoon of doing nothing – Steve had never really enjoyed being idle – it had been a long time since he’d gotten the chance to look after Little Clint–or any Little, for that matter–therefore, in Steve’s opinion, it was Phil the one who was doing him a favor and not the other way around.
“How about an animated movie? There are a few I still haven’t watched, which one do you recommend me?”
Over time, Steve had gotten to know Tony fairly well, to the point where he could assure he understood how Tony’s mind worked most of the time. Given how things had gone during the battle, there was no doubt in Steve’s mind that Tony would blame himself for what had happened to him; therefore, as soon as Steve regained consciousness, he began scheming how he’d make Tony realized it hadn’t been his fault. It wouldn’t be easy, and Steve could already imagine Tony’s reaction: he would probably refuse to believe him, feel remorseful anyway, hide from him and get mad at him if Steve insisted on contradicting him. Tony pushing Clint the way he had was something Steve would have never envisioned him doing.
“Daddy, they don’t have the book,” Clint whined from the other side of the room – or nursery?
“You’re ignoring me,” Tony complained, releasing Steve’s sleeve so he could cross his arms over his chest.
"C'mon sweety, say daddy," Steve would ask, lowering his face to Tony's level, "or can you say Dada?  C'mon, try it baby, say DA-DA," he'd suggest, causing Tony a funny feeling in his stomach. If he felt ridiculous saying daddy, dada was even worse. He couldn’t deny the way Steve’s face light up made up for it, though.
- - - -
That, or figure out how to travel back in time and stop his past-self from reaching this point. That would be easier, wouldn’t it?
“Let go,” Tony said with a miserable groan, maybe because he already knew what the answer would be.
It had been one of the best days in Steve’s life. Taking care of Clint, playing with him, making him laugh, the whole experience had been so… relaxing? Yes, Steve couldn’t think of a better word to describe it. He had always had this need for looking after others, it gave him a certain sensation of fulfillment. Saving the world, helping citizens by defeating any threat, those things did help Steve to satisfied that need, but the experience was always more rewarding if he got to help the people who was the closest to him.
____________
Toddling slightly more resolute than before, Tony moved to the other side of the room, right where the crib was. Unfortunately, before Steve could get excited over the fact that that particular piece of furniture was a must-keep item, Tony stood on his toes and leaned over the railing to be able to clasp his hand around Raawry’s tail. Of course that stuffed dinosaur would be one of the selected objects. Regardless of how much he denied it, Tony found that plush toy very comforting.
“Yes?” Steve said, taking his eyes off the book he held in front of him and turning to look at Tony. He chuckled more when he saw him writhing next to him a bit too melodramatically, something that could only be described as a pout on his face. “Why the face?”
“Uncle Steve,” Clint called, appearing in front of him out of nowhere. Was Steve dozing off that badly?
Keeping everything the way it was also showed that Steve would always be there waiting patiently, that Tony could give Age Play a second chance if he wanted to. If anything was given away, Tony could think he didn’t have that choice anymore.
“No buts,” Tony interrupted, turning his head around. He was scowling. “I just don’t like it anymore. You said we’d stop this whenever I wanted, whenever I wasn’t comfortable with this anymore. So, I want to stop this right now.”
“I don’t think he will,” Steve assured.
“You can also decide not to wear any of them, sweetheart,” Steve proposed, and he couldn’t help feeling a bit disappointed when he spotted a sigh of relief in Tony’s eyes. “So?” he exhorted, getting a muffled whined as an answer. “Baby, Daddy needs to know,” he stated, voice soft but stern. Tony whined one more time before pointing at the colorful diaper, his cute pink blush turning into beet red. “Are you completely sure?” Tony nodded, and all of a sudden, he threw himself at Steve, something for which he was thankful, since he was sure he’d fail to hide a smile this time.
“Take it easy, there’s nobody but us,” Steve soothed when Tony’s gasped. Steve had opened the door of their room and was heading outside. Tony was going into the kitchen wearing just a t-shirt and a diaper. If somebody saw them, there would be nothing he could invent to explain his current attire without having to admit this was something related to Age Play. “And I asked JARVIS not to let anyone in without authorization,” Steve assured.
A lot of soothing and encouraging were needed to convince Tony to let himself being changed, and by the moue on his face – mirroring Clint’s – Steve could tell Tony wasn’t very happy with the navy blue and white sailor onesie Steve had put on him. But Steve had purchased it not long ago and he had already decided to dress Tony with it the next time they had a play date.
“Anything?” Tony echoed, turning his head and staring at him, letting him know he wasn’t going to put up with any empty promises.
Unfortunately for Phil, the latter ended up happening.
Tony never let Steve talk about the topic again.
“Well, I wouldn’t if you didn’t appear out of nowhere all the time,” Tony complained.
Tony had been in shock and in complete unease that night. If that hadn’t worked, now the only thing left to do – besides quitting this role-play he had trouble believing he liked that much – was to do what Steve had requested from the beginning.
Anyway, if you saw a mistake, please let me know :)
Wait a minute. His bed didn’t have bars. Beds
________________
Never had Tony imagined that, even if Steve had tried to talk him out if it on the following days, the one who would resist the idea the most wouldn’t be him, but Tony himself.
Eventually, Phil reached a point where he just couldn’t believe how everything was going downhill gradually without being able to do something about it. Clint refused to take a nap if Phil didn’t finish reading at least three more chapters of the book, something Phil couldn’t afford to do because he was busy placing wet cloths on Tony’s forehead as an attempt to reduce his fever. Tony was clearly uncomfortable, and the fact that Clint began playing with some of the toys from the chests in very noisy way didn’t let Tony rest peacefully.
“Come on baby, you’ve got to learn to share,” Steve insisted, Tony curled up even more.
think he wouldn’t have fallen if daddy had been there to lift him out of the crib as daddies were supposed to do, because Tony didn’t want Steve there, absolutely not – and JARVIS had to reassure him several times that he himself had been the one who had gotten there, that nobody had taken him, and that no one had entered the room while he’d been sleeping there.
“Says the one who kicks me out of the workshop whenever I go with an invitation to do something,” Steve argued, turning his head so he could see Tony out of the corner of his eye. Tony took advantage of it and pressed a quick kiss on his lips.
“Sir, do you want me to run the test again?” JARVIS asked him. Even if it wasn’t technically possible, Tony could sense some annoyance in the tone of JARVIS’s voice. Perhaps this wasn’t the first time the A.I. asked that question. Unfortunately, Tony was finding very difficult to concentrate. He got the feeling he had been staring at the hologram in front of him for a long time, and somehow he wouldn’t be able to say what was he working on if someone asked.
It was a shame Tony was no longer sure who was losing here.
“Not really,” Steve answered, looking at Tony with a confused expression, unwrapping the hamburgers to put them on a plate.
Thanks for your kudos! :)
“Bathroom,” Tony repeated.
What?? Two chapters in just one week??? That's a miracle XD. Though it's not really long, maybe that was why I could finish it.
“Tired,” Tony lied, not daring to give a more complex answer, afraid his voice would give him away.
“The fuck Anthony, I don’t have time for this shit!” This time Howard emphasized on his words by slamming pounding his fists down on the top of the desk, making Tony literally jump in his seat.
“Yeah?”
“Jesus Tony, is that what Howard made you believe? That this was wrong?” Steve asked, disbelief in his voice. “We all have ways to cope with stress, some like exercising, some like listening to music, some like cooking or watching TV, some like buying stuff they don’t even need, and apparently these days, some like having sex. It really doesn’t matter what you like, what matters is how you feel. And well, if you like what you like, what’s wrong with that? There’s nothing wrong with that.”
Deciding there was no point on staying in his workshop when he felt too uncomfortable to concentrate, Tony asked JARVIS to save the progress and shut down everything. There was a time when Tony denied being sick and continued working, only taking short breaks until the discomfort he felt was too much to stand it. And even then, the only thing he did to mitigate the pain was lie down for a little while on the sofa he had right there in his workshop.
"Why the hell would you want to help me?! Why the hell would you like to get involved in something like this?!" Tony rubbed his temples, a headache was starting to build up due to not being able to really understand the man in front of him.
"I said I don't want to!" Tony spitted out just as his back came up against the wall, becoming aware of the fact that he wouldn’t be able to step further away.
“Come on, pumpkin, daddy made some pasta,” Steve insisted, his hand now shaking Tony slightly.
“But it–” Tony insisted.
Board games were the first toys Tony set aside. The instructions said it was possible to play by oneself, though most of them did recommend two or more players. Tony didn’t see the point on trying to play with them if he didn’t have anyone to play with. Video game consoles were pretty much the same. So, the first thing Tony tried were the RC toys, and even if he couldn’t deny they were quite entertaining, playing with them felt pretty similar to what he already did with his own robots. One car even got Dum-E’s ‘dunce cap’ because it kept crashing into everything even if Tony moved the joystick of the remote control towards a different direction.
“Of course I’m going to apologize, I know I shouldn’t have done what I did,” Steve assured, “I was talking about the Age Play.”
Steve tilted his head, a motion that indicated he hadn’t understood anything. “What? I seriously couldn’t get any of what you just said,” he confessed.
“What are you going to do? Are you going to talk to him?” Phil repeated.
“Let’s go to the kitchen,” Steve suggested, putting the now folded changing mat and the other supplies on the corner of the couch, just in case he needed them later. He turned his head around and tried not to smile when he saw Clint pulling his t-shirt down as much as he could to cover the diaper, but it wasn’t long enough.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t have an expression for that!” Steve defended himself. He might be dying to stretch out his arms and pull Tony into a hug, but he did not have a face for that.
Of all the people who had moved into the Tower, it had been Steve the one who had struggled the most to get used to it. As hard as it may be to believe, it had been the luxury the thing that had refrained him from feeling comfortable living there, as it contrasted immensely with the places he had lived in. Tony even remembered seeing him sleeping on the floor a couple of times, and when he had asked him why was that, Steve had told him the mattress on his bed was too comfortable to be comfortable. Huh?
Steve took a deep breath before talking again. “Okay, you have the right to ask me that, and if you don’t want me to, I’ll avoid babysitting Clint as much as I can,” he assured as he pushed Tony away a little so he could look at him in the face. “But if I’m gonna do that, I need to know why. You need to tell me what’s bothering you.” Tony shook his head, looking slightly uncomfortable. “Yes, you do, sweetheart. How am I going to make things better if I don’t even know what the problem is?” Tony sucked his lips into his mouth. “Are you jealous of Clint?” Steve questioned again, and this time Tony nodded. “Why?” Tony shrugged. “Tony,” Steve called with a warming tone of voice.
And even though Tony didn’t really seem to be angry at him, Steve’s mind wasn’t at ease. Because not having been there when Tony slipped into his little headspace wasn’t the only reason why Steve felt guilty, but also the fact that he had somehow liked how things had turned out after that.
It didn’t take a lot of time for Tony to lean his head down on Steve’s shoulder, feeling sleepy as a result of the stress, his tiredness, hand numbness and Steve’s rocking –when had he started to do that? Tony couldn’t tell.
“Ted… Ted…” Tony just couldn’t give a straight answer, not when he was evidently trying to stop crying and he just couldn’t. Steve had no idea what he was trying to say.
a red ribbon,” Tony said, expression showing disappointment for not having had received that.
Steve’s eyes narrowed, “that’s your favorite one, I bought it because you liked it,” he reminded him, and he wasn’t lying. Clint had seen the purple sippy cup advertised online and had found the dancing penguin stamp on it amusing. According to him, the sippy cups he owned were either too dull–Phil’s taste–or too babyish–Steve’s taste–so he had convinced Steve to buy it, as well as some toys he had liked as well.
"Noodle soup and steamed vegetable salad,” Steve replied, and he chuckled when Tony pretended he was going to be sick. Why couldn’t Steve eat like a normal person? Why did he insist on eating healthy food when there were different types of delicious junk food they could choose from? “Wipe that look off you face, I made hamburgers for you,” Steve stated, making Tony grin.
Thus, in one of those rare afternoons where he had nothing to do and no one to hang out with, Steve went to the nursery with the intention of cleaning and tidying up, as well as deciding what things to keep and what things to get rid of.
,” Tony stated, folding his arms, not caring in the slightest to be sitting on Steve’s legs. “I’m older than you, you know.”
There it was, he’d finally said it, without beating around the bush. He’d taken the first step, and even if it was somehow relieving, anxiety and uneasiness refused to disappear. His hands got more restless, so he began rubbing his sweaty palms against his pant legs, trying to even his erratic breathing.
“Of course, and all the toppings you want,” Steve conceded as he lifted Clint’s hips enough to slide the diaper under his butt, quick movements as well as careful, the least he wanted was to elbow Tony or something by accident. Hitting one little had been more than enough.
“Dun wanto,” Tony babbled.
“You want what Tony?” Steve asked when he saw Tony had no intention of finishing the sentence.
“I don’t wanna,” Clint whined, shaking his head. “I’m a big boy.”
“Everything is okay Agent, but I’m afraid Sir’s in need of your assistance,” JARVIS said, and Phil could bet there was certain concern in the A.I.’s voice even if that wasn’t technically possible.
Steve tiptoed out of the room to avoid waking Tony up, Pepper had come very early and had dragged Tony to some meetings he was supposed to attend to, which meant Tony hadn’t gotten much sleep. Normally, Steve made sure Tony went to bed early the night before a meeting – getting him out of bed when he had barely slept a couple of hours was an odyssey – but Tony had totally forgotten about said meetings and Steve had never been notified about them.
Tony felt a tingling sensation on his stomach when Steve placed a hand on it that made him jump a little, but soon it turned into a soothing caress as Steve began to rub his thumb around his belly button, clearly being careful not to tickle him. That was good, the last thing Tony wanted right now was Steve to start blowing raspberries on his abdomen.
So far, so good.
“JARVIS!! Open the fucking door!”
“What the hell?!” Tony yelped when he felt a swat on his butt. It hadn’t been delivered too strongly to actually hurt, but it had stung. “What was that for?!” he asked, looking around and feeling relieved when he saw nobody there. Everybody had already left.
“No. Nobody’s leaving this room until we had talked about this,” Steve stated.
If this was something Clint wanted to keep between him and Phil, Steve had no problem with that. The less involved he was, the blurrier that mental picture with his and Tony’s faces would turn.
“No,” Tony denied, and he was not surprised at all to hear the A.I. ignoring his answer deliberately.
“TELL ME!” Howard hit the desk again, harder.
Unfortunately, the timing couldn’t have been worse. Had it occurred a few weeks earlier, Tony might not have felt this disgruntled. He might have allowed himself to appreciate the effort Steve had made, to picture how it would feel to be put to bed in that crib that looked nothing but comfortable, to wake up in a room that transmitted an inexplicable sense of security, to have a place that would certainly help to make the experience more real.
“Let me try it, then,” Tony asked, folding his arms over his chest.
“Shut up, no all of us were injected with the serum and are now immune to pain,” Tony pointed out. Finally looking at him.
Without knowing how or when, Tony had noticed JARVIS had acquired an eerie ability to know when he was slipping into his little headspace. Tony wasn’t thrilled about it, because if JARVIS knew, chances were Steve would too, and he would show up soon, making it impossible for Tony to stay big.
Yes, that sounded very unlike Steve, since he was the only one in the Tower who usually tried to respect everyone in all possible ways – privacy included – but Clint was the one whom Steve usually hung out with when he didn’t feel like being alone and Tony refused to leave the workshop – something that happened too frequently to Steve’s liking – and Steve had gotten used to just making himself at home in Clint’s floor without any invitation.
“Consider it a warning. Don’t think I can’t tell what you’re thinking in that little head of yours. So you better go upstairs, take a shower and come down to have dinner without even thinking on doing something you know I would disapprove, otherwise I’ll go and get you,” Steve finished saying, mussing Tony’s hair without losing the seriousness in his voice. Tony just glared at him.
After a lot of coaxing, and the promise of making him a strawberry smoothie and letting him have some cookies, Clint agree to lay down on the changing mat and let Steve diaper him, though a huge moue appeared on his face when he realized the diaper was way thicker that the pull-ups – or diapers – he usually wore. Steve didn’t buy regular adult diapers for Tony, he liked to buy diapers made especially for people you enjoy age playing, and, apparently, those people preferred thick and crinkly diapers. Up until now, Tony hadn’t seemed to mind. Clint, on the other hand, disliked the fact that that diaper prevented his pants to fit anymore.
"So, sweety, which one is it going to be?" Steve asked when Tony began squirming restlessly. His baby peeked up at him in silent scrutiny, perhaps looking for something that might give him a clue of which one he was supposed to select. "Just take the one you want, baby," he encouraged, trying to make things less difficult for Tony. If he wasn't comfortable voicing his preferences, that didn't mean he couldn't express them in a different way.
Anyway, I hoped you enjoyed it.
If it had been possible, Steve would have hugged JARVIS. Calling Phil had turned out to be a good idea.
Playing with Legos and watching Disney movies, that would do. Tony even allowed himself to suck on a pacifier while he built an entire city out of Legos –JARVIS had really shown off its ability to find and purchase the most awesome toys online. Tony had been so immersed in his play, that he never heard neither the doors of the elevator opening nor the footsteps that approached the living room where he was. To be fair, Tony couldn’t be mad at anybody for this. Not even JARVIS, because being sure nobody was going to be in the Tower, he hadn’t even bothered to ask the A.I. not to let anyone in. And he didn’t even have to, not really, since nobody used to walk into his personal living room.
If you saw any mistake, please let me know.
I thought about making this chapter longer, but when I do that, it takes me too much to update, or I get busier and I don't have to finish it.
“No,” Tony mumbled.
“OK, that’s enough! Steve has no say in those things,” Phil said before Steve could agree. Steve was willing to do anything to refrain Clint from getting mad at him, with Tony was enough. “He might babysit you sometimes, but he’s not the one who has to deal with a fussy toddler when you haven’t slept or eaten correctly or when you’ve had an accident,” Phil scolded, and his glare deepened when Clint stick his tongue out at him.
Fortunately, Tony didn’t head for anyplace outside his floor. Phil felt a bit relief when he saw him entering one of the guest rooms. If Tony had gone to his workshop, it would have certainly been more difficult to get him out of there. JARVIS granted Steve permission to go inside despite Tony’s orders, but Phil doubted the A.I. would do the same for him.
“Sure,” was Phil’s answer, though he doubted Clint stayed awake long enough for that. If everything turned out well, Clint would go out like a light halfway through the movie.
“Can you look at me sweetheart?” Steve asked once he was done, and couldn’t help feeling a bit shocked when it only take Tony a couple of minutes to peek over the teddy. "C'mere, daddy's gonna help you get back to sleep," he said, arms wide open.
Moving closer to him in slow motion, to give him the chance to back away just in case Tony decided to change his mind, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, pressing him against his chest as much as possible. His hands clung to Tony’s muscle shirt almost with desperation as he took a deep breath so he could inhale his scent – a combination of coffee and sweat that was so characteristic in him after spending many days in his workshop – realization of how much he had missed Tony hitting him hard.
It wasn’t until certain piece of furniture started to show slight discrepancies that Steve’s suspicions aroused, because the crib was something Clint avoided like the plague and, therefore, he couldn’t be the one who was moving things around.
Tony’s body tensed a bit. “I… I do,” he admitted. Steve’s stomach muscles fluttered.
“Hey, I only grabbed the book because your cell phone was more interesting to you than me a couple of hours ago,” Steve excused himself. “If my memory serves me correctly, I tried to make conversation and you just blew me off and continued with whatever you were doing,” he reminded Tony. The latter opened his mouth clearly trying to argued, but no words were pronounced, accepting this way that Steve hadn’t been mistaken.
Well, what I tried with this chapter (counting the last two, because I planned them to be just one chapter, but then it got longer than I thought so I ended up splitting it) is to show that Tony is not the only one who's gotta get used to it, Steve too. He might have all that fatherly love whitin him, but taking care or littles can be tough regardless of how attached you feel to them :p.
There were some sofas, a coffee table, the TV, nothing he could really use to knock the door over. His eyes continued looking all over the place, until they laid on a chair, placed in front of the window.  A chair could break the glass of the window. He could jump through the window and, well, he was aware he wasn’t exactly in the first floor, but he could ask JARVIS to send the armor and he was sure the AI wouldn't refute when the alternative of not sending it would cause his death.
Suddenly, his legs lost all their strength and couldn’t support him any longer. Leaning against the wall, he let himself fall down to the floor, never stopping holding all that was left of his teddy – the arm. A sob escaped from his throat as he held the remains of his plushy to his chest.
“Not as bad as the 2002 interview Sir.” JARVIS didn’t need to specify which one. Tony groaned into his hands, but couldn’t wipe the grin off his face when he realized he was taking Captain America out shopping tomorrow.
Thank you soooo much to
“Got it, Boss.”
It’s funny how you can never forget a stranger’s footsteps. Especially when they were once called a friend.
Steve grimaced as if Tony had slapped him. “You matter.”
“Why is your face all red? You seem out of breath are you feeling okay?” Rhodey asked, his face screwing up as he squinted at Tony’s facial hair. Tony brought his hand up to his face, less to figure out what was there and more to shield Rhodes from looking any closer. If he were about twenty-five years younger he’d be turning red. As it was instead, he shrugged.
“It’s not that bad.”
It was Tony’s turn to roll his eyes. “Under everyone’s mask is another and another and another. People can’t stand to see themselves for who they really are Rogers.”
“I don’t know Boss.”
“I was afraid you would say no,” Steve admitted.
“I’m fine. Only a little disoriented.”
No one was being intimidated by Captain America, not on Tony’s watch. Tony braved himself to turn to Steve and dispel the hostility brought on by the clothes fisting portion of the evening. “And you, bringing him all the way to the Avenger’s facility? He has a curfew,” Tony muttered. “Aunt May is going to kill us.”
“I’ll repeat. What do you want me there for? What do you want from me?”
Tony did a slow smile and listened to the words. Maybe the problem had never been his recklessness, but the way he isolated himself. It was possible, but the idea of being around others in a more personal way than work, the idea of leaving himself open to their true thoughts. He was too open right now. He needed time to build a different variety of a shell around himself.
Tony worked his jaw out of agitation. “He’s where?” The two words were ground out in a low sounding question. He’d thought he’d been on top of things these past few months, but was beginning to suspect his focus had been misguided. Tony wasn’t quite sure how he’d missed that. Had thought of Vision regularly leaving the compound as a sign of further growth. The evolution Vision had already undergone in such a short period of time were remarkable.
Reopened eyes, Tony turned to look at Steve. He wasn’t quite smiling, but there was obvious relief in the tension of facial muscles. “What are you still doing here Cap? How am I supposed to get my beauty sleep if you keep chatting me up? I can’t help train the misfits if I don’t have my beauty sleep.”
“I see what's going on with your face.” Rhodey looked too smug for the circumstances.
“I hear congratulations are in order.” Tony stiffened. Not because of the words themselves, but the cold look that accompanied them. If adrenaline hadn’t been flooding his system before it certainly was at the moment. The conversation was hitting a turning point where Tony could be more certain of what action needed to be taken.
“The team misses your concoctions,” Steve’s nose was wrinkled in disgust.
Tony gathered up all the access patience he had. “I think we went past flashy with the shield’s paint job Cap. It’s iconic, not flashy.” Tony pushed himself up to his feet, giving Steve another walk around to observe the changes he had made thus far.
If Peter was hurt what would he do? Don the suit and attempt to beat Steve into a bloody pulp? He’d travel to Africa this time and rethink every mistake that had led up to this moment? Even now he was making the mistake of trusting Steve to follow certain boundaries when he followed a completely different code than Tony did, one that allowed him to do whatever the fuck he wanted with his holier than thou brand of justification. Tony couldn’t believe the extent of this judgement of error he'd made. It had seemed like a good idea at the time.
Tony’s fingers continued to fly over the schematics, but he couldn’t take his eyes off of Steve. Terribly awkward and uncomfortable Steve. “Why? We’re friends and you were friends with Howard after all,” he tried for a different angle.
Steve’s facial expression had started out earnest and open. It shut down immediately. People like Steve didn’t feel fear the way regular people did. Didn’t often have it reflect obviously across his face. This wasn’t that, but it wasn’t a far cry from it either.
“That about covers it.”
Tony snorted. “Cute.” He ignored the way his chest tightened when Steve zipped himself up. Turned on his heel. Prepared to walk away. The imagery wasn’t lost on Tony. Him on the ground. Broken. Steve walking away, acting like he was chased away. Like Tony actually had some kind of influence over his actions.
“I appreciated all of your help this week,” Steve finally replied. It was a clear segue, so Tony continued to wait, see where Steve was planning on driving this conversation. He’d been waiting for months now. For Steve to lose it and layout all the blame for Sokovia squarely on his shoulders, where it belonged. It was already there, waiting to be pointed out.
Tony punched him in the face with as much human strength he could muster. Didn’t hesitate. Marveled at the way Steve’s head snapped back. A little surprised that his reflexes hadn’t saved Steve from the hit.
