She smiled as she laid her head on his shoulder as they sat on the floor together, “I know. I’ve just felt it.”
"The Captain has not disclosed what occurred in Siberia?" Sam shook his head negatively.
So I have to clarify something with the Wanda situation. Remember that Tony isn’t planning on staying on the team, so he doesn’t need to trust her. Just like the others, he can forgive them for the greater good to move forward and get the team back together, that doesn’t mean he trusts her to have his back. He said, "you fought for the others fiercely", not you fought for me and you’ll have my back. He says "we'll work on it" because he isn’t planning to need it past the few missions the public needs to see them on. Does that maybe make a little more sense? Alright, on with Science Squad!
Continuing with his routine, he headed to his room and stripped out of his clothes, turning on the water for the shower and letting it run for a moment. He wondered how Tony was healing, if the bruises on his tan skin were fading, if the movement to his wrist was improving.
He held his hand out for hers, which she offered him with a grin that said she knew he was being ridiculous and loved every moment of it. Tony took her hand in his and slid down on one knee theatrically as he kissed her small hand, his eyes sparkling. “I’ve waited months to see this beautiful face in person.” Shuri giggled at the silly man on his knees in front of her. Tony stood and pulled her into the room, saying, “Come here gorgeous, I’ve been waiting to bow and grovel at your sophisticated feet my entire life.”
“Tony!” Peter’s voice came through. “Tony, hold on, we’re here, James and I are going to get you out of there.” Tony groaned in pain again. There was the sound of metal creaking and bending before James pulled the dented door off it’s hinges and threw it to the side. James ripped the seatbelt off of him and was relieved to see that Tony’s cuffs had been changed so his hands were in front of him. He pulled Tony from the wreckage as carefully as possible and cradled him, Peter holding Tony’s legs as they lowered him to the ground.
Tony eyed him warily but gave a stiff nod. Pepper supported him, "She's become very close with Lila, they call each other sisters."
She shook her head, "Shouldn't be a problem Colonel. Just letting you know Stark and Spider-Man went to investigate the possibility that they've set up shop in an abandoned riverside Warehouse on the coast. They should be back around the same time you land. I'll give you a heads up when they check in, but you know them. Tony may decide to reward the kid with ice cream or something before coming home."
Scott considered this for a moment. Then, as if he made a decision, he suddenly stepped forward and moved until he was directly in front of Tony. Tony's hurt wrist that he was holding against his chest moved slightly to cover his arc reactor at the sudden proximity. Scott simply stuck his hand out and held it there, waiting.
Steve leaned against the wall and let his head tilt back against the cool drywall, closing his eyes to focus on Tony's voice. It felt like an eternity since he had been able to just listen to Tony speak.
Slowly, they all shuffled out past them. James put a hand on Steve’s shoulder and pulled him with him out the door. Once the door closed behind them, they all stood in the silence of the dark lab again, the only person who kept walking without looking back was Bruce, in a hurry to get out of the environment.
At first, Steve had been elated that Tony was not only awake but also had looked at him with such love and touched him so gently. He had called Steve’s eyes beautiful and said that he lived for them. As he remembered those words, Steve bit his lip and smiled, his chest feeling tight. He could still feel Tony’s clever fingers carding through his hair, his thumb caressing his jaw. He wanted to hold on to that memory forever, to burn it into his mind. It was more than he had thought he would ever have. So why was he sitting here in a bundle of nerves?
Tony felt a hand on his shoulder and breathing hard he glanced over to see T'Challa standing between he and Ross. When had Tony rounded the counter and gotten into his face like this? He didn't remember moving.
They were almost ready to give Wanda the green light when Peter, who was taking a drink of his soda, started to splutter all over the place while he held the tablet. Tony rolled his eyes. “Peter, use your words!” He admonished. Instead, Peter just tilted the tablet to show Tony the video feed of Steve walking down the hallway, probably to his room. No one had even seen the Super-Soldier walk past. “Oh shit.” Tony cursed as the jumped up and ran out of the room. The others all had their heads popped out of the guest room to watch Tony take off to try and catch Steve before he walked right into the trap.
Sam tried to be cool as he slid into the driver’s seat and gripped the steering wheel.
The only response he received was a heavy sigh as Bucky sank to sit by his side in the quiet.
Tony didn’t answer, but the beeping on the machine changed again and a few moments later the door opened and a nurse rushed in and called for another nurse and the doctor on shift. At their urging Steve moved out of their way but was loathe to let go of Tony’s hand. The tears were falling freely as he asked one of the nurses what was going on. She only assured him that it was nothing bad and that they needed room to work, asking him to step outside. Steve pulled out his phone and dialed Rhodes immediately, informing him of the change without looking at the clock. After Rhodey assured him he would be there soon and he would call the others Steve hung up and looked at the time, 2:28 am. He paced nervously for a few minutes before the nurses and doctor came out and told him that Tony was awake, though only just, and he could go back in if he promised to relax and not excite the patient. Steve nodded and promised in earnest before slipping through the door. He crossed the floor quickly before hesitating at the bedside. Tony’s eyes were closed and Steve was unsure if he had fallen back asleep until Tony reached out his hand to where Steve was standing and hooked his index finger with Steve’s.
are you referring to, Rogers?”
He had drawn it after he came back from his early morning run and found Tony slumped on a chair at the kitchen table, his head resting on his folded arms on the top of the table, on hand loosely grasping the handle of a mug of coffee. He had been up so long and was so tired he hadn’t even been able to stay awake long enough to drink it. It was such a rare sight and coupled with the fact that he wore a big cozy MIT sweatshirt and had a beautifully peaceful look on his face, Steve had taken the opportunity to commit the memory to his sketchbook.
"I would like to extend an invitation to you, your Highness. I am afraid I was quite rude in when we met this morning. I would like to remedy that. Could you stop by the Compound tonight?"
Steve was about to answer but Tony continued, “That lovely simulation you all got to witness today? That’s what set off everything with Ultron. It wasn’t ready, Bruce and I weren’t even close to being anywhere with it, but that stone, it must have set something off. But your question, why did I do it?” He scoffed and tilted his head upwards towards the ceiling.
"Are there any clear routes out of the city?" Steve called.
“Tomorrow?” She asked hopefully. Steve was about to answer when the elevator door opened again and Tony, Sam, and James came walking onto the floor. They each had way too many grocery bags loaded up on their arms as they stumbled into the kitchen and deposited them on the counters.
Pulling the curtain aside he stepped into the stream of hot water.
Tony had always been gorgeous in Steve’s eyes. Gorgeous from the moment they met and in every moment since. When Tony was happy as he laughed with Clint and Thor, mischievous as he teased Bruce and “the other guy”, kindness as he opened his space to Natasha and let her stash knives all over their living spaces so she felt safe. Even when he fought with Steve himself, Tony was beautiful. His breathtaking eyes that somehow contained all of the colors in the world when the light hit them just right. Steve felt he could own every color pallet sold and he would still never get their depths just right, and he had tried.
"Aw Stark, you're tired of me already?"
“Growing up…” She cleared her throat as she trained her gaze on the far stars outside of the ship and tried again, “Growing up my father was… He used to force Gamora and I to fight each other. Gamora was better than I. So, every time I lost, he punished me by replacing a piece of me with a part. Eventually I became more part than person. So no, I don’t know what people of my race should look like. I don’t know if they look anything like I do now.”
him. He put a news thingy on his phone for all subjects ‘Tony Stark’ and kept up to date on everything you did cause he was worried something would happen and he wouldn’t be there for you. He collapsed when he saw the video of you grinding up on that asshole at the Gala. When I was pardoned he couldn’t ask about you on any of our phone calls cause the thought that you were happy without him was hurtin’ him so bad. He’s constantly trying to maintain his focus on anythin’ but you when you’re in the room, usually he fails miserably. He was outta his mind with worry when Ross took you, the rest of the team had to physically hold him back. He begged to come with us but T’Challa wouldn’t let him. He made a huge scene bustin’ into this hospital and screaming your name. He nearly went to pieces at your bedside and held vigil like fuckin’ statue over you, refusing to leave your side even to eat or sleep.” Tony listened silently. “So you tell me, who actually admitted it first?”
She sniffled again as a comfortable silence hung between them.
Back on the ship, Nebula watched as Stark shifted in his seat with a grimace of pain as he held his hand to his injured side.
The elevator bell made a ding and the doors slid open to allow the group of people inside to step out onto the floor. Rhodey was the first one out, speaking softly with Pepper who was shaking her head and making quick hand gestures at whatever he was telling her. Tony and Rhodes shared a hug before Tony turned and gently pulled Pepper into a soft hug paired with a kiss on her cheek, which she returned. They were followed out by the King of Wakanda and Princess Shuri.
Out of the corner of her blurry vision she sees one of the thugs pull a large metal collar out of a case and advance towards her. With air cut off she starts to see spots and her head feels light. Before he can reach for her, a sudden noise echoes through the alley and she is dropped back to the dirty ground with a thud, landing on her stomach with her face in the dirt. Her lungs drag in breath after breath in a panicked attempt to regain some kind of awareness.
She watched as Tony piloted the ship. His skin was growing more pale each day that went by and although he tried to hide it, he was growing weaker. She could only hope that his world was in good enough shape that someone could help him with his wounds. Her best clearly wasn’t enough since his condition continued to worsen.
“Shit.” Tony cursed. “Um, alright, get under the table I guess?” Steve was about to argue when Shuri told them to hold on and ran to her bag. Pulling out a wrist bracelet, she ran over and extended it to Steve. “Put it on ‘Merica. It will make you invisible.” She said, her face glowing with pride. “No way.” Tony deadpanned. Steve looked at him for a moment as Shuri adjusted the band on his wrist and pressed a button.
shield. It looked good as new, polished, the claw marks gone, and the paint re-done.
“We are a few days from Earth now.” Nebula said as she laid back in the pilot’s chair next to Tony.
That, predictably, hadn’t gone over very well. The Avengers looked like caged animals in the Penthouse, all seething, stalking around, or muttering that they needed their weapons. As horrid as the current situation was, T’Challa couldn’t help feel a little bit joyful at the protective side that they were all displaying on Tony Stark’s behalf.
Steve raised his head to look into Sam's amused eyes. "What makes you think I'm in love with him?" Sam snorted in response before answering in the most condescending voice he could muster, "I told you not to try and bullshit me, man. Answer the question."
The teen let out a shaky breath before answering, "Uh yeah. Yeah the doc says that things are okay, he seems like he knows what he's taking about. I mean he's a doctor so he should. I don't know. Mr. Stark is awake, he's awake and talking, and he told me its okay. Miss Potts is trying to make him lay down for some more tests, but you know how he hates that. He said it wasn't my fault. But you know, I-I think maybe I did something wrong. He says I didn't but, uh, he always says that, even when I mess up big time.
Arriving at the top of the mountain he passed through the double pillars and stood in the middle of the deserted fortress. Still, no one came. Feeling reckless he approached the edge, shuffling his feet ever closer until he could peer down to the abyss below.
“Do you? I mean it, Stark. Bend over or get down on your knees for whoever it takes, got it?”
Steve has always had a problem with his imagination. It was beyond overactive. Normally, it wasn’t a problem, but right now, it was creating the potential for an embarrassing situation for him as he sat on the couch in the dark corner of Stark Industries largest conference room that Pepper’s assistant had informed them she and Tony would be entering momentarily.
miss him while also caring about your friend. You
Very few of the individuals in the room understood the meaning behind what Tony had said, but from the reaction of those who did, Steve knew he needed to be worried. Natasha and James drew in a sharp breath and T’Challa’s eyes were wide as he exclaimed, “Tony!”
Steve had enough. If they were going to do this, he needed Tony to look into his eyes and have Tony look into his and see his honesty. “Tony please I am begging you, give me a second, just listen to me please?”
James gave Sam a thumbs up. “Honestly Sam, did you even read the thing before you signed?” He said as he walked backwards towards the elevator after Tony.
"Nat?" The name felt unfamiliar as he said it, but it didn't feel wrong.
“He’s on your team too, Stark.”
be my fault, because I. Wasn't. There. I didn't have his back like I should have."
Surprised, Steve had asked where they had gone and FRIDAY had told him quite clearly that he didn’t have clearance for information like that. Scott tried to suppress a smirk at how much the AI obviously wasn’t a Captain America fan. Steve wasn’t impressed. Instead, they sat down on the couches and Scott turned on the history channel and tried to annoy Steve by asking which details were accurate and which weren’t. Even when Steve reminded him that he hadn’t been around for the 1960’s, Scott continued to ask the questions. Steve rolled his eyes fondly, knowing that Scott was trying to distract him.
“Do you still love him, then?” She pressed. Tony’s eyes snapped to hers at that. “Why would you-” She cut him off, “He still loves you, very much. Being so close to you, but being so far from your affections, it is hurting him greatly. I can think of no other reason that you would be able to forgive the others and not him.”
"What the hell Tony, what kind of a plan involved you making out like a horny teenager in the stairwell at your Gala, huh?" Pepper was positively livid at this point. "You promised me Tony, you promised you would be on your best behavior tonight! Is this what you would call your best behavior?"
“No—sorry. I mean, that’s great. Obviously I’m, you know, supportive,” Tony rushes out. “Would be pretty hypocritical of—whatever. I thought you—” he shakes his head again, cuts himself off.
“No,” Tony says, and crosses his arms.
“I am on your side, sir,” Jarvis says. “And I am attempting to help you by alerting you to the fact that this is not sustainable. Your heart race is increasing rapidly. Your stress levels are dangerously high. You have had six panic attacks in the past week. I am simply frustrated that you are not allowing me to help.”
Steve blushes.
laptop.
He needs to be in his workshop. When the elevator gets to the ground floor, he walks out as fast as he can, drives back to the tower, nearly runs over a pedestrian on the way, leaves his car with the valet. Inside the tower, he practically flies through the hallways until he’s in the workshop, and then he shuts the door, sits on the floor, and tries to breathe.
He opens his eyes. He’s lying on the couch in the living room of the communal floor. He got home. Thank god. He shuts his eyes again and groans. He barely—just barely—remembers fighting Ty off last night at the gala. The strange, close sound of his own nose crunching. The feeling of blood, slippery on his hands.
“A thing," Steve repeats. The room stills every time Steve talks, goes quiet. Even just his stupid two-word answers.
is what he should say, because he’s Tony fucking Stark, and he can’t be bullshitted like this, but instead, he manages, “Have you.” And he manages a glare as well, which he’s quite proud of, because his insides feel like mush with some razor blades mixed in.
Fury waves a hand, though, in response. “No, no. We’re not giving you a bunch of interns to bully, Stark," and that seems like a joke, but Tony's not sure if he's supposed to laugh, and he definitely doesn't remember how, so he doesn't. Instead, he stares hard at a stack of papers on Fury's desk. He can't even read the header. Should he be able to read that? He should be able to read that. "No," Fury continues. "You’ll do your business directly with Stone here. Meetings, working in the shop together, whatever he needs to make sure you’re on track. A sort of partner-style relationship.”
—the AI did what he does when he’s mad, and turned it up all the way.
What the hell does S.H.I.E.L.D. want with Viastone tech?
Three days. Tony’s not sure why he’s counting down. It’s not like Steve will be waiting to see him—likely, he won’t even see Steve until the next mission, or team meeting, or whatever—but he still is. He can’t be here alone anymore. Even knowing Steve was upstairs would help. That would help. Right?
As he passes, he leans over so his hand is on Tony’s lower back and lingers for a moment before smiling at him, inches from his face, and turning and walking out the elevator doors.
He drinks his coffee and waits. His head is still killing him. Back when they were dating and Ty gave him these all the time, roofied practically all his drinks, Tony thought that this was just what alcohol
Steve thinks. Shakes his head. Something about the name catches in his head, but he brushes it away. He’s met a lot of people. “Might’ve and just don’t remember.” He shrugs.
It’s pretty obvious to Tony, too, that Viastone is going steal his designs. He's not sure how Fury hasn't come to the same conclusion, except that Ty's best quality is his ability to talk anyone into believing anything. Or his worst quality. Anyways, Viastone will steal his designs, sooner or later. But fine. Whatever. He can lie to them, give them bad info, something like that. It’s an extra step in the creative process, but it’s doable.
“Tony,” he says. “Great to see you again.” Pleasant. Casual, but polite.
Tony moves his head around in something akin to a circle. Steve’s pretty sure it’s a nod, but he can’t actually tell.
“So, what do you say, Tones? One more for old times sake?”
“You’re shitting me,” Tony says.
“I’m glad you two have met,” Fury says lightly. “Mr. Stone here is the CEO of Viastone Corporation. I assume you know of them?”
Fury frowns. “There’s no need for that, Stark,” he says, sharply, then shoots an apologetic look to Ty. To
He picks the corner off of her croissant and eats it. Swallows. “Just thinking about whether I’m going to get to visit the Louvre this time around,” he says, and even as he says it, he knows she won’t believe it. It’s a beat too late, a beat too easy.
Tony stills.
By the time 3:30 rolls around, Tony is feeling…well, not good, but slightly better. Advil and copious amounts of coffee are helping. He’s running late for the meeting, tapping his foot and looking at his watch while the elevator dings up to the top floor. Tony’s usually late, and he usually doesn’t care, but the combination of his killer headache and the lingering presence of Ty is throwing him off, making him twitchy. Like he’s sixteen again. He can almost smell Ty’s cologne in here, clean and sharp and almost citrusy, like bleach.
Tony smiles. It feels wrong. He doesn’t know how to fix it.
Or, there’s one more thing he can do. “Jarvis?” he asks, looking up because he forgets every single time that Jarvis isn’t in the ceiling.
Ty laughs, loud and long, and Jesus fuck, Tony hates that sound. A shiver runs down his spine and he shoves his hands under his knees to keep himself from bolting.
appropriately. The last thing he needs is Ty losing it because he thinks Tony is trying to poison him with motor oil. Actually, now that he thinks of it, poisoning Ty with motor oil might—no. Bad thought. No killing people, even if they’re massive douchebags.
Tony stares hard at the comms device. He just needs something to think about so that he doesn’t think about Ty. About Ty being so close to him. So, he thinks about the comms device. What it really needs is more power, and it can’t be any bigger, but he can work around that by—
Tony lets it go immediately, then nearly swears. He’s completely losing it. He used to say he’d die before he gave up his designs.
Tony blinks again. His eyes are wide. He’s looking at Steve, and Steve quickly shakes his head. “No. He’s not here,” he reassures. Tony lets out a breath of relief, and Steve’s gut clenches again. “Who is he?” he insists. He’s not sure whether he should push it, but if there’s someone out there who isn’t dealt with, who the Avengers need to worry about, then Steve needs to know.
Steve sighs, finishes his apple, and walks over. Presses the literal one button it takes to make coffee on this machine. Tony looks up at him with a dazed smile, like he’s hung the moon.
“Really,” Ty says, and laughs. It’s sharp, and hard. Like he knows he’s won. “I don’t know what’s going on with you, Tones.” He reaches over and tucks a finger under Tony’s chin. Puts pressure on it and tilts his head up, so Tony is looking up at Ty. Which—Ty always liked that. That he was small. That he had to look up to meet his eyes.
“Yes,” Tony says, slowly. This could work. If he pisses Steve off enough, or whatever, and then he’ll drop it. Give up, decide it's not worth the trouble. “A thing. You know. Taxes. Daylight savings. Mondays.”
they won’t be. All they have to do is clear out the base, now. Cleanup. He’s never very helpful in cleanup, anyways, it involves a lot of tech stuff that Steve just doesn’t know anything about. Tony needs him. They don’t.
His pupils are wide, blown out. He’s fiddling with his cuff, now, and murmuring to himself, and even as Steve watches he’s toppling slowly, one way and then the other. How is he still on his feet? Tony looks over at Steve and frowns.
Great. So, he’s someone with money. It’s not out-of-the-question that he’s one of those rich, Bruce-Wayne-style assholes who thinks he’s going to take over the world with tech and builds himself a couple of mediocre weapons, and he went after Tony because he’s an Avenger, or another tech guy, or whatever. But that doesn’t really add up.
“The what?” Steve asks.
“Roofies,” Tony clarifies, then opens a drawer full of junk and begins to rifle through it. “I think. Could be—keta…yeah.”
Then he undoes his fly, and moves to do something else, push Tony down, maybe, or against the wall, but Tony never finds out because he punches Ty in the nose. Hard. There’s a crunch that’s definitely bone, and Tony silently thanks Natasha for all the training she’s given him.
“He’s a guest at these things, but doesn’t usually go?” Steve attempts.
Steve used to be awkward at this stuff. He’s gotten better. Usually, at least, he’s better at this. He’s having trouble coming up with conversation topics. His brain can’t leave Tony alone. “Uh, how was your meeting?” he asks.
“What kind of oversight?” Steve asks. Now that Nat brought up Tony, there isn’t anything else he could possibly talk about. He doesn’t understand how Tony would agree to that. Nat thinks he’s full of himself, which is mostly true, not that his confidence is undeserved. Tony isn’t the type to let anyone boss him around, nor should he be bossed around. Especially not by Fury.
going to route the underneath. He had to, for it to work right. It was in the designs, it was in his first prototype, and—how had he forgotten that?
He doesn’t look at Steve, because there’s way too much going on right now without Steve’s look of disappointment, or pity, or whatever is happening on his stupidly attractive face.
“So, what a day, huh? Finished the comms device. Nice, right? I think it turned out pretty good. Next, I had this idea for something for Clint, what would you think about—wait for it—a solid gold bow?”
“He has an elevated heart rate and is having trouble breathing. All conditions indicate a panic attack,” Jarvis continues.
“I need to go,” Steve says. He walks to the closet, pulls out his bag, and starts shoving clothes in it. Whatever he can reach. Probably some of Clint’s stuff, but it doesn’t matter.  “I need to—there’s something I need to do.”
“No, it’s,” Tony says. Takes a breath. “It’s good. That was good.”
Alright. One done.
“Yeah,” he says, looking at Fury. If he narrows his vision in a certain way, Ty's not even here. “I am in the tech field, after all. Big competitor and all that.” Vistastone Corporation is not actually a competitor. They’re
“You’re awake,” someone says from beside him.
in danger, if he gives Ty the contract. And he’s letting Ty win. He can't do that.
He’s not even sure he’s awake for the rest of the meeting. His head is aching and his heart is thumping and it’s all he can do to not have a full-blown panic attack right in Fury’s office, which would probably end up in him getting immediately removed from the contract. So he sits and nods and when the meeting ends, practically runs out of Fury’s office so he won’t have to share an elevator with Ty.
It takes another week before Ty does anything more.
He scrolls for a while. The guy sounds more like the most eligible asshole to Steve, based on the quotes they’ve dug up from various interviews and appearances. But one catches his eye. It’s by some B-list celebrity, one Steve is pretty sure was in
“Was Ty supposed to be there?” he asks.
He feels so small. He wishes he had his armor, but that’s a stupid wish.
Tony nods, knowingly, but leaves it at that.
He walks around Tony, who is, as expected, fiddling with the coffee machine, and to the fridge. He doesn’t really want anything, but he’d rather be seen grabbing a late-night snack than staring out floor-to-ceiling windows at the dark sky like a character out of a Brontë novel. So he opens the fridge.
Tony.
Did he call a car? No one was with him at the gala, but he's on the communal floor. Why didn’t he go to his room?
“Tony, has this—”
Spotify playlist on
When he gets to his lab—he’s awake, now, and might as well do some damage control—he asks Jarvis to go through the event details. It was some charity gala for some neighborhood in New York that had been destroyed by a recent fight with a group of mutants. His foundation wasn’t running it. If it had, Ty wouldn’t have been on the guest list. He’s on the list for a lot of these things, though. Usually he doesn’t bother to come. Stone isn’t a big name in tech anymore—their products aren’t even as good as Apple, and that’s saying something—so Tony thinks it’s an ego thing, or something, that he doesn’t show. Why was he there this time?
“Just—Ty. Not,” Tony said, and waved his hand again infuriatingly. He pointed his finger at Steve’s face. “Not what you’re thinking. Not big scaries! Not bad guys. Well. Bad guy. But not your kind.”
Steve raises an eyebrow. Usually, Nat isn’t so quick to criticize Fury. Of course, she could be making that up, for the sake of the conversation, but she told him once she likes to have truthful conversations, when she’s undercover. It makes the rest of the lie flow more easily. And anyways, Fury isn’t listening on the comms. It’s Clint on the other end, holed up in an apartment up North, watching out the window.
“It’s just, like, a thing,” he responds, finally, and taps the mug lightly on the counter so it makes a
Steve looks up. Tony’s looking at him, and Steve can see his eyes. Dark brown, long lashes. For a moment he can’t even remember the question. “Uh—yeah. Yes. I went back and found him at some upscale restaurant. He wasn’t happy about it. Yelled at me over his lobster bisque.”
“I have a plan,” Tony insists, and gets into the hot water.
And glaring is especially difficult, because Ty’s eyes are—hard to look at. Cold. He breaks the eye contact, looks away.
off himself and then somehow made his way back to the tower. Steve feels sick.
The story ends and now Steve’s just sitting in silence. For a moment he taps his foot, looks around the room. He thinks that he helped—Tony seems to be a little better—but he doesn’t know whether he should keep talking or try something else. It feels weird to ask Jarvis, when Tony’s right there in the room, but he’s about to anyways. Except Tony finally speaks.
“Sir, if I may—” Jarvis starts, after his results come back clean.
By the time he leaves the gym, he’s covered in sweat and his knuckles are raw. It feels good. He gets into the elevator, presses the button for his floor, taps his foot. He always feels weird, standing in the fancy elevator in his gym clothes, out of place, but weird is pretty much a constant feeling, this century.
“Terrible lie,” Nat comments, but doesn’t push any more.
Steve’s gut clenches. Captain America. Here are the things he needs to do: one, make sure Tony is safe. Two, figure out who
“I don’t know what that is,” Steve admits.
“Well. I know
“Came out in the fifties,” Nat says, not looking up. “So, no.”
“You’re doing the thing again,” she points out, not taking her eyes off of the river in front of them. Really, they’re both watching a woman behind them in the café. That’s their mark. Nat hasn’t looked at her once. Steve turned around an hour ago and Nat almost slapped him for being so obvious. She probably would have done but slapping tends to cause scenes.
“Mm,” Tony says, and tries to think of what he would say if this was some asshole at a board meeting, or someone at a gala he was trying to get money from, but even people at galas don’t usually stand so, so close. Paparazzi—but they have cameras, and questions, and not the smile that Ty has on right now. “Well, y’know. Lots of practice,” he says unevenly, and tries and fails to maneuver away.
on him.
The report is…strange.
“What?” Steve says, his breath escaping him.
When someone solves a problem for them.”
“Just coming to check on you,” he says, genially.
Tony taps his foot. The tenth floor, now. Maybe someone will stop it, get in with them, but no such luck. Ty shifts closer to Tony.
Nat frowns. “Meetings, stuff like that? I think he’s working with the CEO on projects so he stays in line. I tried to tell Fury it was stupid, but—”
of all people. And for something he didn’t even do, which isn’t fair, because there are so many bad things that he
Tony groans. Runs a hand over his face. “’s my ex,” he says.
She’s doing something on the computer. It looks high-tech and Steve doesn’t want to ask, so he doesn’t. Instead, he digs the croissant he managed to save out of his pocket and tosses it at Clint.
and he’s not Steve’s to care about or think about or watch over so Steve doesn’t owe him a thing. And still he feels—betrayed. Not betrayed. Maybe betrayed. He feels bad, is what he feels, and it’s a persistent feeling that he is usually able to swat away with schematics and wires and prototypes and can’t, this time.
Tony frowns. “Shouldn’t have—ugh,” he groans. “Stop with the, the questions. Too many thoughts.” His brow furrows. Steve can practically see the gears turning in his brain, but he really needs to know
Cowboy? What the hell?
Steve’s not stupid. He’s not. So he’s not sure why he asks, “What did he want?”
The smile gets wider. “Exactly,” he says. “You know, Tony,” he says, and Tony already knows what he’s about to ask for. He’s seen that look before. Not for years, but he knows it well. “I’ve been thinking about other things that you’re…ah, practiced, at, recently.”
Steve holds him there for a moment, then says, “Get the hell out,” and drops Ty, who crumples to the ground and then scrambles up and runs from the lab.
The first seems done, at least for now. Tony’s drugged, of course, but Steve’s not sure what else he can do besides wait it out and make sure Tony doesn’t choke on his own vomit if he eventually passes out. Be here, basically, and Steve can do that.
He wasn’t going towards Tony at all. He was walking to Ty, obvious by the fact that he picks up Ty by the linty shirt collar and shoves him against the wall.
She swivels around in her chair. Looks at the phone in his hand. Looks up at his face. “Steve, are you okay?” she says cautiously. She takes the phone from his hand and sets it on the table, wary of the broken glass.
It’s one of the things that Steve likes too much about Tony, though he’d never tell him that.
“Just working out some k—stuff, you know,” Tony finishes lamely. “In the, um. What I showed you. Yesterday.” God. He can’t speak.
Nat’s currently beside him, drinking an espresso and poking at a crumbling croissant. She has a headscarf on and sunglasses and looks nice, like an aristocrat straight out of a movie. Steve is sitting in the small wire chair next to her. He’s dressed nicely, too, but he hates Paris for its delicate ground and delicate chairs and delicate tables. It makes him feel huge.
He crouches down, sorts through the shelves. It’s the wrong screwdriver. He’s completely lost his head. Can’t focus enough to tell a Phillips screwdriver from a Pozidriv, which he could do when he was three.
He won’t.
Nat shrugs at him, points out a nice bookshop and says, “Hey, we should go in there later,” all tourist, and then says, “He’s frustrated with our engineer.”
“Thanks,” he says. His voice is shaky and hoarse. “That was—thanks.”
—Ty wanted to keep it secret, which should have been a red fucking flag.
They’re all staying in one room. The hotel is nice, though, with a good minibar and fancy, boring art on the walls. The lobby has chandeliers. The water pressure is unbelievable. Of course, Clint’s things are strewn all over the room, so that mitigates the luxury. No one but Clint could overpack for a spy mission.
to work as best they can. It’s not his fault that people have tried to steal his designs and have used them for bad shit before, and now he’s protective over them. And, okay, sometimes that ends in him being secretive and unhelpful, from S.H.I.E.L.D.’s standpoint. They hate dealing with him. But he gives them good tech. At the end of the day, they can’t do better than him.
“Is Tony—okay? For now?”
And that was stupid, of course, because Tony’s eyes widen and his head lifts a little. “Ty?” he says. His voice is quiet and unsure, and Steve needs to punch someone again. “Here?”
Hi all! Sending you all love!!
“That’s even worse. It’s the tech corporation—Viastone?” Nat says.
He’s not going to give a blowjob to someone who can’t bother to get the lint off of his collar. He’s just not.
He, Clint, and Nat were called on a mission. Steve doesn’t usually do spy work, because he’s terrible at it and also looks like Captain America, but they needed a third and Steve was free. Free-ish. He didn’t want to go. He told Fury as much. But duty calls. And Tony is fine. Tony said he was fine, so he’s fine.
a toy Tony introduced Steve to recently which he actually loves.
Or—not disappears. That’s not fair, Tony reasons, a screwdriver tucked under his armpit and a great, lousy hunk of metal in front of him that just won’t cooperate. Steve went on a mission, Fury sent him. And even if he did just disappear, well, he doesn’t owe Tony anything. So, he’s gay. Bi. Whatever. That doesn’t mean he’s into Tony.
Fucking shark. Tony grips the pencil in his hand. No break. Whatever that means, it’s something bad.
“I hope our little run-in last night won’t stop us from being able to work together. That really was a misunderstanding, Tony. I forgive you for hitting me, of course,” Ty concedes with a nod. “You thought you were protecting yourself.” Then he chuckles, leans forward. Tony holds himself in place. “Don’t know what you thought you needed protecting from. You know I always do what’s best for you. And Director Fury clearly knows it too.”
Steve sends him a look, and Tony frowns again.
“I know it’s a hard sell, but, honestly, I think he’d be into it,” Tony tries, and his chest is clenching again.
The elevator moves upward silently.
Tony swallows. Tobacco, aftershave. Ty is leaning over his shoulder, now, right up behind him, looking at the device.
Tony goes into the cupboard to look for a mug, then sees one drying next to the sink. It’s his favorite, has a stupid science pun on the front. Bruce bought it for him ages ago. Did he wash it last night after using it? He can’t imagine how he would have managed that.
“Uh,” Tony says. Great job sounding like a fucking idiot, he thinks, and then says, “No, uh, there’s a lot to do. Maybe later? Tomorrow, once we’ve got the—”
“Mm,” Tony affirms.
Steve looks at Tony. At the blood dripping from his nose. At the way he’s holding himself up by leveraging himself on the counter, more leaning than standing. “So this…Ty, he drugged you. And then hit you?”
But he doesn’t want to press it, so he waits.
Jesus. He cannot let anything go.
Steve looks at her. She doesn’t know. She must not know—Fury can’t have done this on purpose, which means he doesn’t know, and so Tony is completely alone. Alone. And Tony hasn’t written him, hasn’t asked for help. This is bad. Tony isn’t safe. He’s alone, with Tiberius Stone, with
Tony is left with Steve, who is still staring at the wall, fists clenched.
“Was bad,” Tony finishes. “I know. Don’t worry about me. I’ve got it under control. Genius, remember?” he says, and stands up. Brushes his hands off on his pants and walks over to his computer. “Well, if that’s it, Cap, I’ve got a lot of work to do. Thanks for—for everything,” he says, tossing a look over his shoulder.
Nat considers this. “That’s true,” she says. “But we’re only here for one more day. Whatever is so urgent can—”
“Tony—” Steve says.
Steve, he realizes. Steve had washed his mug while he was passed out and then left it out carefully, on a kitchen towel, to dry.
“Just a—scuffle.” Tony waves his hand, as if that explains everything. “Nothing to worry your handsome head about.” With that, he reaches up and taps Steve on the head.
And that’s that. Steve lost him.
Steve splutters. He’s pretty sure Tony doesn’t get nosebleeds often, though he could be wrong. It doesn’t seem to be bleeding a lot, but there is an undeniable drip of blood going from his noses straight to his upper lip. “Do you need a, a tissue, or—what happened?”
With effort, Tony opens his eyes again and turns. Steve is sitting on the couch, back straight as a board, a good yard and a half away from him. His eyes are trained on the wall-to-ceiling windows. He looks more like a soldier now than ever.
“Far,” he complains.
Steve pulls the zipper closed, growls when it catches on something. Does it up again.
“We’ll be fine, dude. Go.” He looks confused, concerned, but he’s not lying. They’ll be fine.
He skims through it. It’s from this afternoon.
“Ty is…Ty. Didn’t think—but he’s. I’m smarter!” he says finally, tapping on his temple. “Outsmarted him. ‘M not stupid. He can’t make me stupid.”
The elevator finally, finally shows up, and he speed-walks down the hallway. When he gets to Fury’s door, it’s shut. He gives a curtesy knock and then walks in, ready to start complaining about Viastone Corp.
So now they’re bringing in Ty to watch him. Like a babysitter.
Not that he wants to avoid Tony—he likes talking to his teammate, maybe a little too much, but they’ve been fighting recently. Today was their worst yet, and Steve can’t even remember what it was about. Some command he’d given on the field. Probably a bad one.
No. That’s not how this is going to go down. If he wants to figure out who Ty is, that needs to happen now, even if Tony will hate him in the morning.
He keeps screwing the metal plate in.
It’s Steve’s turn to frown. “No,” he says. “What made you—did I do something?” Because yeah, sometimes he gets language wrong. He works really hard to change that, though, has read books and blogs on the subject, because the last thing he wants to do is cause harm.
Steve’s knuckles are white, he notices, he’s gripping his knees in a way that would bruise if he wasn’t a superhuman. He needs to stand, to hit Ty. Step three. He needs step three.
Was Tony lying?
“Captain Rogers, may I have a moment of your time?” Jarvis asks.
Steve taps his fingers on the counter.
Ty got mad.
“Thanks,” he says. Takes a screwdriver. Unscrews a screw on the left and routes the wire where Ty told him to. It opens up the space.
Steve knows Tony has panic attacks. He’s seen the aftermath. Tony is left shaky, pale, and gasping, though he tries his best to hide it. He’s pretty sure, though, that Jarvis is under orders to not tell anyone when it’s happening. So why is he telling Steve now? Did Tony say that he could? Steve doubts that, somehow, and that means that somehow this one is bad enough to let Jarvis override that protocol.
handle himself. He fought Ty off last night, didn’t he? Or—he’s pretty sure he did. He did, because if he hadn’t…he wouldn’t be here. So he did.
“You wanted coffee last night. Tony, someone—you were drugged last night. At the gala. Do you remember that?” Steve asks again.
Then he looks back at Tony. “So, what’ll it be?” he asks.
Before she’s finished, she sets it down on her dish and nods.
The thing is, Tony knows how this is going to go.
“Fine,” Nat says lightly. She’s walking slowly, leisurely. Steve can’t see the mark anywhere in front of them, but he’s sure she knows where they’re going. “My boss is being an idiot.”
How much do you know, Tony wants to ask, how much did I tell you, but he needs to end this conversation fast before it creeps into
It’s not until Tony pours himself another cup of coffee that Steve talks again.
coffee mug, skipping through
Warnings for nonconsensual touching in this chapter.
At least he didn’t confess his undying love for Steve last night, which would be irrefutably worse. He probably would have been hit a second time in one night.
That makes Steve’s heart skip a beat. Tony, Tony, Tony. It’s like Nat read his mind.
Tony shakes his head in an over-exaggerated sadness, then frowns. “Wait,” he says. He leans forward. “You’re—unfortunately?” he says, cuts himself off halfway through the sentence.
He’s told himself this about fifty times, now. That Steve doesn’t owe him anything. Steve doesn’t owe him anything, and Steve isn’t
He sighs, puts his phone down. What the hell is he doing? This is weird. Possessive. Tony didn’t ask for this.
sound. And then immediately regrets doing that because even the quiet sound sends his head spinning.
“You’re worried about something. Your mind’s somewhere else. What’s going on?” Nat presses.
Ty shrieks again. His toes aren’t touching the ground.
“What,” Nat says.
Which, granted, maybe he should have expected. It’s two in the morning, prime coffee-time for Tony. Steve rarely sleeps, either. He should have Tony’s nighttime schedule memorized by now so that he doesn’t have to have run-ins like this.
“God, the stories he was telling me, Tony,” Ty says, and shakes his head. “Seems like you’re really stressing everyone out over here. You never were a very good team player—but of course, we balanced each other out so well that way.”
. God. How did he think that? (Because Ty told him, of course, but still. How did he believe that?)
It’s meant to sound sort of half-joking, half-interested. It comes out like he’s annoyed. He nearly curses, then nearly apologizes, but Tony speaks.
Steve shrugs. “It’s no problem,” he says eventually, when it doesn’t sound like Tony’s going to say anything else. “I used to—in the war, a lot of my buddies would. Well. I don’t know if that’s what’s helpful anymore, but it calmed people down back then okay.”
,” he sings. “
He punches harder. Shakes out the pain in his knuckles. It’s a good distraction. Because this is—this is none of his business. Tony doesn’t want him here.
Fuck.
is. Three, neutralize him. With as much pain as possible.
Tony isn’t looking at him. His eyes are downcast, and Steve wishes he could see them, if only to know what Tony is thinking. Not that he ever knows what Tony’s thinking, even when he can see him. But it would be nice to be able to see his eyes.
“Different. What’s different. What’s the
He hasn’t laughed this hard in a long time. He lets the laugh take over for a minute and then he comes back to reality, wiping his eyes. His chest hurts. “Unfortunately,” he says, shaking off the laugh, “Buck’s straight as a ruler.”
Tony swallows. Behind Ty’s head, the floors are clicking downward. They’re passing twelve, now, but the elevator isn’t like his. It moves at a crawl.
Steve disappears after that.
designs.
“You cannot do what, sir?” Jarvis asks.
Tony should do something. Ty shouldn’t be doing this, and Tony should
He just can’t remember what, exactly, that plan was.
Not that he was planning on going anywhere. But now, now he can’t get out. And somehow, it’s different.
Steve swallows. Folds his arms, then feels like that makes him look angrier, so puts his hands in his pockets instead. “No. You’re good, Tony. Don’t worry,” he says, and sits back down, still a cushion and a half away from Tony. “You’re safe,” he says, and that’s more for his own sake than Tony’s, but Tony curls up a little anyways and yawns.
competitors. Which begs the question: why is Ty here?
link reads.
Or, most of a suit. His pants are pressed, but his shirt’s unbuttoned and his tie is hung around his neck. His hair’s messy. He looks—for lack of a better word—shitfaced.
Tony glares at him. “M-mm. Need to stay ‘wake. Figure out what’s—what’s it.”
from the awkwardness of this situation, but his head protests and he slumps back onto the couch. He hates this feeling. Similar to a hangover, but so, so much worse. And it reminds him of Ty, an added bonus. “So are you.”
It’s while he’s putting the finishing touches on the comms device, screwing a metal plate over and all that boring stuff. Ty is in the lab, lounging on Tony’s spinning chair by his computer. Tony is focused on the metal plate and so he doesn’t notice that Ty has moved until he comes right up behind Tony and puts his hand on his waist.
Tony figured if he was good, if he showed Fury he could be good, cooperate, then Fury would call off this—whatever it is. Power play. And then Ty would be gone, and his tech would be safe, and he would be safe, and everything would be fine again. He plotted it out in his head. It would take a month, a month and a half at most. He would go back to Fury, with evidence of improvement. Stupid shit like that.
Something terrible, his brain supplies, but he squashes that thought.
Steve stands. Stretches. Their mark is leaving, that’s what the nod means, though he has no idea how Nat knows that when she hasn’t turned around once. It takes all his willpower to stay turned towards the river and not glance backward.
They sit for a while longer. Twenty minutes. Long enough that he starts tapping his foot on the ground, until Nat steps on his shoe with her own. Long enough that the waitress, a tall, middle-aged woman with her hair tied in a sharp bun, starts to get pushy and Steve orders another espresso just to tide her over. It comes in a ridiculous, tiny cup, and Nat takes pity on him and drinks it.
He taps the coffee machine handle with his thumb. Looks at Ty’s shirt. It’s stiff, and collared, and the material is cheap. There’s a ball of lint by one of the buttons, blue and large enough to be noticeable even at a glance.
Tony keeps on screwing. How long does it take to screw in a plate of metal, really?
Like his body isn’t his own. Nothing is his own. There’s no part of his life that can’t be taken. That Ty can’t take.
And it’s not like he’s told Fury about Ty, and he’s pretty sure Nat doesn’t know, either, (though he wouldn’t put it past her), and so he can’t be upset that Ty was on the list, even if it does suck and he does plan on hacking their systems and fixing that shit immediately. Hell, people don’t even know that they
the cowboy. America.”
“You’re cold,” Ty notes.
He had a plan, didn’t he? Going into this? A plan for how he would deal with Ty, and protect himself, and everything would go back to normal.
Steve curls up himself, a little, folds his legs underneath him and looks at Tony. There’s still blood under his nose.
Ty chuckles. “You don't have to be nice, we're not much of a competitor,” he says, and something in Tony’s gut twists at the fact that they had the same thought. “Tony here has blown us all out of the water,” he confides in Fury, and gives Tony’s shoulder a friendly slap.
“Jarvis, turn up the heat,” Ty commands and that—that rankles. Ty doesn’t get to command Jarvis. That’s not. No.
and says, “Any time I bring up, like, a boyfriend or something. You close off. Get all cold. Guess I figured…” He runs a hand through his hair. “Whatever.”
“I don’t need a babysitter. I don’t agree to this,” he says, with as much confidence as he can muster. Under Ty’s gaze, the statement withers, and sounds more like a complaint. Tony swallows again. His throat is dry. His breath is catching, he needs to get that under control.
Steve is worried anyways.
He takes a bite of his apple. It’s too loud in the silence of the room. Can Tony hear him chewing, too?
The workshop door slides open without him even giving a command or code. At first, he thinks that Tony isn’t here. Then he sees a small figure sitting against the opposite wall, shaking.
Clint scowls when it hits him square in the forehead, then grins. “Thanks, man.
” Tony cuts himself off, suddenly, admonishing, almost. His mouth is clamped shut in a thin line. His eyebrows are raised as if he’s been shocked by what he was about to say.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Rohi—ropehi—” he shakes his head, then says decisively, “ro-hyp-nol.” He looks at Steve as though that explained everything.
He hangs up one of the extra-strength punching bags. Tony designed these after Steve kept breaking through the normal ones. They work like a charm, and Steve gives it a couple of warm-up hits and then starts really going at it.
Steve’s dubious about that, too, but what is he supposed to do if Tony doesn’t want help? He doesn’t want to overstep. Tony’s made it pretty clear that that’s what he’d be doing if he did anything. But he can’t quite bring himself to get up, wave goodbye, and leave Tony sitting here on the floor. So he looks at the floor as if he’s studying it. It’s smooth. Shiny.
“Well kiddos, did you learn anything from Daddy?” He leveled his amused gaze on each of them, resting last on Steve. There was no way he could trust his voice or his thoughts right now, so he wisely kept his mouth shut and let the others take over the situation.
She shook her head as if trying to clear it of the emotions that were tumbling down on her. Steve instantly felt regret for his thoughts a few moments ago about her robotic feelings. She did feel, of course she did, she was just holding it together better than the rest of them right now. She couldn't even say the boy's name.
Steve's head hung and he shook his head. "I can't tell you that right now Sam, I am so so sorry, I promise that I will, I just think that if I talk about this right now I might… God, Sam, I might break."
The building began to sway and Steve watched in horror as Spider-Man tried and failed to keep his grip. He began to slide down, missing the civilian's hands as the roof crumbled in on them. Spider-Man fell to the ground and released and angry growl as he stood up and then rolled to the left to avoid more falling concrete.
“The others are all still down there. Natasha and Clint were going to spar.” Scott said and Tony chuckled, turning to James and saying, “Brave and foolish man. That ought to be good.”
, I’m sorry ‘bout what I said yesterday. What you do on your own time, who you do, that’s private and I shouldn’t have commented.” Tony’s breathing increased slightly, but he didn’t walk away or hit him, so Clint took that as a sign to continue as Tony turned to face him, his arms crossed over his chest.
He had the sense to look the slightest bit ashamed at being caught. "I-"
Sam felt Steve tense next to him at her words, but Steve said nothing in response, choosing instead to focus on the television as the reporter continued on with more scandals about the various public figures as they arrived.
“Whoa, whoa, Stark, it’s just me!” He yelled throwing up his hands in surrender, the bouncy ball clutched in his left hand.
Peter and Natasha were by his side in an instant, each wrapping an arm around his side and holding an elbow, careful to avoid his bandaged ribs and wrapped wrist. Together they supported him to the elevator FRIDAY had waiting and stepped inside followed closely by Pepper and James.
He prayed that Steve wouldn’t follow him, but as he bent to retrieve the blanket from the folding crib, he turned around and found Steve leaning against the doorframe, watching him. God, why couldn’t he ever catch a break?
He sat on the bed for another few minutes before he heard the rumble of engines. Twisting around he watched from the window as an unmistakably Wakanda–esque craft rounded the Compound and landed on the tarmac. Pulling himself together he stood up and tried to compose his thoughts. Tony was right, he needed to be more than just a leader if this team was going to succeed. He could do this, he just had no idea whereto start.
Steve didn’t think as he slid himself onto the bed in the space where he had been resting his head without letting go of Tony’s hand. “Yeah Tony, it’s Steve, I’m right here, I’m with you.” He assured him, gently running his fingers through Tony’s hair before cupping his cheek and willing Tony to open his eyes. Tony didn’t open his eyes, but he pushed his cheek into the warmth of Steve’s palm and relaxed a bit.
“I didn’t say he came home to you, darling. I said he has someone to call home.” The tears in Steve’s eyes fell onto the sheets on the bed. “I…I don’t think-” He choked out as the tears blurred his vision. “Would you call him your home?” She asked. Steve stifled a sob with one hand over his mouth at that and with his other he let his shaking fingers ghost over the back of Tony’s hand.
Steve swore as he stood up from the couch and ran his fingers through his hair. He should be there. He should be helping them. He wanted to break Ross with his bare hands, wanted the man to feel his rage for doing everything he had to Tony.
“I am here for a criminal.” Ross barked. He nodded to the guard on his right, who held up a tablet and tapped the screen. The footage was clear enough to make out Wanda stalking down the tiled hallway of what looked to be some kind of a government building. Security guards approached her and with a wave of her glowing red hands, their necks were snapped, the bodies landing on the floor at grotesque angles. She took out the next wave of security with matching brutality, their blood pooling on the white tiled floor. Steve felt suddenly light headed watching the recording. Maybe it was old footage, from before Ultron?
T'Challa stepped out of his car, flanked by Okoye, who looked breathtaking in her orange gown, ever just as deadly. His suit, although modern cut, was adorned with a striking black and white tribal pattern. Shuri shrieked as he buttoned the jacket as he stood from the car.
James helped Tony stand and walked him to his large bed. Pulling back the covers James helped him side under before tucking him in snugly. Tony was already drifting off when he called, "James?"
Tony swallowed and turned his head to the side for a moment. Clint waited, keeping his hand firmly on Tony’s shoulder. Finally, Tony gave him a quick nod and a small smile, the first genuine one he had given him since they came home.
Reporters were calling for Tony’s attention from all sides as the cameras flashed from every direction. Tony held his ground for a moment and let the cameras go, flashing his bright smile and holding up the peace sign before he turned and shook Happy’s hand before walking up to ascend the steps to the covered podium, which had a ridiculous amount of microphones on it. They don’t seem to phase Tony in the slightest though as he stands with his shoulders squared to face the reporters, cameras, and people in front of him. Behind his shoulders are a few on the UN Security Counsel, T’Challa included.
Tony shook his head slightly and said, “That video needs to be examined. It’s not evidence and until it is determined authentic you can’t take her.”
Sam hadn't admitted it to Steve, but he had seen his sketch book and there was a disproportionately borderline creepy amount of sketches of Iron Man, as well as sketches of the man who wore the armor. Charcoal sketches of Tony Stark's eyes and hands that had too much detail to be considered normal. It was like Steve was afraid of forgetting Tony.
He hadn’t told them how things had all gone to hell in the bunker in Siberia. He hadn’t told them how Ste-Rogers, had nearly killed him with the shield Tony’s own father had made for him. He hadn’t told them that he was left there, powerless and betrayed by a man he had considered family.
“She’s not the only shark in the room, don’t sell yourself short.” Bruce said with a parting pat on Tony’s back as they all began to leave the room.
did that. I just wanted to blame you.” She looked up at him with tear stained cheeks. “I just want Pietro back.” She whispered, brokenly.
Tony called out from the platform and in a matter of seconds, what had once been a large empty floor began to transform into a city in chaos. Sirens were heard and buildings formed around them. It was a simulation, and yet it all felt so real. As Steve stood there he could smell smoke in the air of the city and hear the rumbling from around them. He reached out to the ground and picked up a piece of the crumbled concrete, feeling the heavy weight in his hand. If he didn't know any better, he would think he was truly in this city, not in a simulation. It was beyond incredible.
Tony waved his hand dismissively, "Pfft. Where else would they go? No one else wants to take them in and risk a political mess. But Wakanda, you just are small enough not to be an international spectacle, while still holding significant power. It's where I'd try and go."
"That's cruel Tony and you know it! It's against the Geneva Convention to starve prisoners!"
? What the hell, why would you sit in the shadows like that and where have you been? You are so lucky I decided to miss on purpose!"
killed my brother,
Finally, he again outstretched his hand and opened his gauze wrapped palm towards her. He had barely done so before she sprung forward and burrowed her way into his embrace. He winced over her head, but said nothing, fighting through any discomfort in favor or holding his old friend. Nebula bit her tongue, but looked unhappy with the pain each reunion caused. After a while, Natasha finally pulled back, taking Tony’s face between her hands and pressing a kiss to his cheek.
"Did you ever want us here?" Clint asked him in an unsure voice.
Laura was out of her seat like a shot. "Tony, no, absolutely not. First of all, that doesn't make any sense! The second the world sees that video there will be no coming back for him. The world will never forgive him for murdering your parents, just like I doubt I ever will. I know we have talked about it, but I am telling you Tony, I just can't. I can't do that, not even for you."
“T’Challa and Shuri will be here in just a few hours and they are going to be staying with us for a few days. I’ve got Peter coming over too. I thought we could have a little party and movie night.” The three children, cheered, their mouths full of chocolate.
“Yes, but you’ve never seen him in action in his
Now, here James "Bucky" Barnes was, standing in front of the Avengers Compound staring up at the gate, his bag slung over his shoulder, not sure how to proceed.
One by one they all took their seats on the stools around the kitchen island as Bucky pulled out ingredients for sandwiches. They fell into a more comfortable rhythm, reaching across each other to get to whatever they needed. As Steve raised his own sandwich to his mouth he felt a small piece of home settle back into his heart.
Tony laughed as his eyes locked with Steve’s. “Yes, you all behaved
Finally, Tony cracked as Laura and Maggie were scrubbing a washcloth over Vision’s cheek, squishing his cheeks together and making him look like a fish. “Oh come on, Vis, you have to admit it was funny!” Vision’s look only darkened. “Oh really, Tony, I
"I'm sorry, Tony." Peter's voice sounded small. "I should have listened."
Tony lifted his head from the tablet in his hands and gave his friend a rueful half smile. The bruising on his face had faded some, but the left side of his face was covered in green and blue patches and his wrist still had a brace on it.
"We have a chance to use the public's pathetic morality to our benefit."
Tony snarled out, “You fucking go near them and I will rip your heart out with my bare hands. Do you hear me? I will make you suffer in ways you can’t possibly imagine.” Ross only continued to sneer. “Now, what would dear Captain Rogers say to that kind of talk?”
“Why, did the jackass steal my words?” He joked back.
Kneeling down next to Tony, T’Challa asked, “My friend, can you move?” Tony winced but nodded a bit. Natasha came back into view with the keys to the cuffs she must have pulled off of one of the soldier’s bodies. The cuffs clicked and she threw them to the side before inspecting Tony’s wrists that were badly bruised. Tony stilled her hands and held one of them in his own tightly as he winced again. The ambulance pulled up and the EMT’s jumped from the back and shouldered them out of the way as they lifted Tony up and wheeled him to the vehicle. Tony held Natasha’s hand tightly the whole way, so she climbed in the back with him.
Tony’s gaze shifted down to their joined hands for a split second as well. Steve bit his lip and tried not to have a heart attack when Tony’s dark eyes tracked the movement. They stood together, the air between them felt charged. Tony opened his mouth to say something when Shuri stuck her head in the room, breaking them out of the moment.
Tony feigned indignation at Ross' words. "Why Secretary, I am astonished. And here I thought we were getting along swimmingly."
“How pathetic you are, ‘Merica.” Shuri said, but her words were soft and her eyes kind as she looked at him.
Bruce's eyes were bright as he studied Tony intently. It was incredible to him, to watch Tony's mind and soul continuously surprise him. The world believed Tony Stark to be a selfish and cynical futurist. The truth was, at his core, Tony Stark believed in humanity almost more than anyone he had ever met. Tony trusted the world to look at James Barnes and see a man who had been in too much pain for far too long, instead of the murderous tool he had been turned into. Tony trusted the world to see James Barnes in a way that they had never been kind enough to see him in, although he deserved it just as much. Bruce felt the unfairness of the situation twist in his stomach.
After what seemed like a lifetime, Tony was finally able to make his grand speech, thanking everyone who attended the Charity Gala and their more than generous contributions. Endless handshakes and fake smiles finally got him to the door of the Gala and down the stairs outside to where Happy stood waiting with the car to take him back to the safety of the Compound.
Slowly making their way down the ramp, Steve felt his heart and mind seize when he recognized the obviously injured figure she was supporting down the ramp.
He remembered Tony, coming back from space frail and hurting but still full of fire, so much so that he hadn’t backed down, getting in his face and calling him a liar. He was right. Steve had said they would do it together and when the time came he had been a world away. When Natasha had thrown herself from this spot they hadn’t been together. All the words they said and the choices they made all seemed so petty now, under the circumstances. Nothing compared to Thanos.
“What did you say?” Natasha’s voice is deadly. “I-” Clint stutters, “You’re both- “
Scott, realizing what the AI had thought he meant, tried to appease her. "I didn't mean to make it sound that way Miss FRIDAY, I'm sorry. I meant to ask if something had happened."
Steve recognized setting of the lab in the Compound.
"Well, I certainly hope you are planning to change before attending your Gala tonight, Mr. Stark." Pepper smiled as she walked towards him out on the floor.
"Stark- "
“I guess you will just have to find someone who’s finger does match.” She said as she placed the box back into his hand and spun around on his chair towards his desk. She reached for his sketch pad, flipping it open to a random page and finding a sketch of the New York Skyline. Maybe she wouldn’t notice the Iron Man against the backdrop? No such luck, her grin said everything. She flipped to the next page, a scene of Wakanda during a rainstorm. He put the box back into the small bag and placed it back into his nightstand drawer. After that, he watched her as she flipped forward through the pages until she stopped on one, her eyes growing soft as her fingers traced lightly over the image. She tilted it so he could see. It was from before everything happened and it was one of his favorite drawings he had ever done.
So, now, he was on the plane home from the UN Session to Wakanda to deliver the news to the Rogue Avengers and James Barnes that his name had been cleared and he was welcome in the United States as a "guest" in the Avenger Compound. Just thinking about it made his migraine pound harder.
The AI answered.
Frustrated, he turned his attention back to the tablet. The video feed showed Wanda call Vision for some help. Vision came floating down the hallway, completely unprepared for what he was about to step into. Peter and Shuri hand their hands over their mouths, trying to stifle their laughter. Tony shushed them, trying to contain his own grin.
