Instead of replying, John pushed himself to his feet, crossed the room in a single step and pulled Sherlock into a kiss. He kissed him again, and again, until Sherlock relaxed, forgetting his confusion and his irritation at being interrupted from his work and kissed back, settling his hands on John's hips, pulling him closer. John kept chuckling into their kiss.
When John didn't say anything, Sherlock let out an abrupt sigh and set down the Petri dish and eyedropper he'd been working with. He didn't look back at John, but the stiffness in his posture indicated that he was waiting for some sort of retort.
He pushed the door open, unsurprised to find that Sherlock was there, the large office illuminated only by the small lamp on the desk, casting most of the room into shadows. The faint illumination caught the angles in Sherlock’s face, turning them into the same interplay between dark and light, making him look sharper than usual.
John lay still for awhile in the peaceful silence, waiting for sleep, knowing it wouldn't come. He had work in the morning and he knew it was going to be a long day thanks to the nightmare and the restlessness it left in its wake. He sighed to himself, tracing absent patterns on Sherlock's back, then sighed again, this time with more resolve.
"I did," Sherlock said curtly. "And I've made my decision, John. This is my business, and you have no role in how I choose to pursue it. No," he snapped when John opened his mouth to interject, "this isn't up for debate."
He took his phone and wandered back into the living room, flopping into his chair. He drew his legs up and set the phone on the arm of the chair, glaring at it. Tomorrow would be an unpleasant day all around. He'd arranged to meet Sam for lunch – he knew he owed the Interpol agent a proper apology, as much as he disliked the idea of giving one. He had intended to do this sooner, but he'd been sick. Sherlock had asked John to call Sam and explain the situation and John had done so. Then he'd followed it up by one of his I-am-
"Why?" Sherlock asked. "He didn't have to maintain the cover for any reason other than getting into Mycroft's office. There would be no point to this," he gestured briefly at the monitor, "and it's too spread out for a single man on a bicycle. No, John, it would have to be a vehicle. Some had to drive this–"
"Oh please," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. "Sandra is an intelligent, educated woman. There's no need for that kind of superstition."
Sherlock let the candle burn for a minute and John shifted impatiently, wrapping his hands around the silk tie, tugging gently, securing himself even more. Sherlock shifted to sit on his own heels, then turned slightly, running his left hand up John's leg, distracting the doctor with a touch. He grinned and tipped the candle carefully just above John's navel, letting a few drops hiss onto the doctor's skin.
"He had his gun on him, but it hadn't been fired. We're testing the clothes he came here in for residue, but no, the Met
But even if he called it that, John knew it wasn't. Not for him. Not for Lestrade. Not for everyone who'd searched frantically for them for days. Not for all the people who had died.
"I could stand here all day going round and round in a circle with him because I don't know anything about him and he doesn't know anything about himself. What would you have me do, John? There's nothing here to work with!"
But the minutes crept into hours and Sherlock kept staring at the clock, feeling a dull ache in his stomach.
They were vulnerable now – all of them. Jim was at the center of this again, however unwittingly. And now the police were involved, even if only tangentially.
"Petty? Nope. Thieves? Yes." He shook his head, returning his gaze to the laptop, much to Sherlock's annoyance. "You can run as many checks on the candidates as you want, but I have to work with whoever it is, so let me do the interviews. Besides, Gabe'll have enough on his plate with everything you've saved up for him, not to mention with the wedding."
“Yeah,” John replied, extending a hand. Sherlock crossed the room, letting John interlace their fingers. “Thanks for taking care of me.”
"Don't give him ideas," Lestrade warned. Sherlock shot him a glower and settled into the seat behind her – she was shorter than her former partner, giving him much needed leg room. "He'll be calling you at all hours next."
He put these thoughts aside firmly as the lift doors opened. Despite the condition in which he was likely to find Mycroft, his brother would still pick up on any discomfort immediately. He hadn't forgiven Mycroft for his comments about John. About Sherlock, really. He knew where Mycroft was laying the blame.
"Timing," he replied, passing the tablet on the desk across to her. She held the photograph against it, studying the small screen. "The shorter one is Doctor John Watson. Private physician for the firm. And Sherlock Holmes' partner of three years now.
again – patchy, yes, and still not strong enough to be completely trustworthy, but for those moments he had John, and he had the knowledge that he had wrestled his life back under his control, that anyone standing in his way was nothing more than an inconvenient obstacle and could not take his mind from him, not fully and never more than temporarily, that he
"It's fine," he said automatically, then sighed, resisting the urge to shake his head. "Okay, it's not really fine. But not bad."
Sherlock stared at him, surprised that John didn’t at all understand flickering across his features.
"I need to get you cleaned up." Plush lips pursed then released immediately, and Sherlock gave a small, pained sigh that bordered on a whimper. The bruise on his upper lip was already turning a violent purple, stained with blood from the accompanying cut and dried blood from his nose. John kept his own expression as neutral possible as he dabbed the blood away with a warm flannel.
There was a pause on the other end of the line, the suggestion of held breath – John could practically smell the smoke as Sherlock raced to switch mental tracks and figure out a way to placate his partner without disappointing him.
If he had expected Sherlock to be finished shortly after he'd arrived and Mycroft to let them go quickly, he was wrong. John didn't know how much time had passed but it felt like several hours as Sherlock combed the whole flat as thoroughly as John had ever seen him do and Mycroft had quiet conversations on his cell phone. Holly was dispatched in short order and John watched her go with no small amount of envy – the scones he'd had before coming here were a poor substitute to an actual dinner and it had been a long time since the hasty half a sandwich he'd had for lunch in between seeing patients.
"Bollocks. He knows I like Alexandre's writing and that you probably hate it, and he wanted you to take a holiday.
Sherlock heard himself speaking without having intended to do so, but the words stopped John, who glanced over his shoulder, expression still cold, shuttered.
"A lot of people don't try at all," Donovan sighed. "How many other people would take the time to visit a complete stranger in the hospital – especially one with amnesia? Can't be easy to talk to him."
, his partner's voice echoed in his head, and John just managed to restrain an aggravated sigh that would give the constables the wrong idea.
He'd seen his share of convincing performances before. Enough to have a pretty good idea when he was being played.
John raised his eyebrows at the commands but Sherlock's eyes were narrowed in concentration as he removed the sling carefully. He'd developed a knack for that immediately; John could remove it and refit it himself, but with a lot more effort, and usually didn't bother if Sherlock was available.
"I need anything you can send me," he said. "Documents. Passport, travel schedules, flight itineraries, birth certificates, your marriage certificate, whatever you can think of. Emails, letters, texts he sent you. Anything. Everything."
"Sorry," his partner said, a sincere apology in his brown eyes. "I meant to be done by the time you got up."
"Uh, a construction firm – that was some of their stuff in storage down there. A law office and an insurance firm, I think."
The smell of coffee and John surrounded him, accompanied by his partner's moans and his own harsh breathing as the edges of his vision darkened. Fingers tightened on the back of his neck, catching fine hairs as fingernails cut into the skin, and John came with a small, shivering gasp. Sherlock tilted his head back, biting his lower lip as John's lips pressed into his neck, the shock shuddering through him.
John froze, heart skipping a beat before his adrenaline spiked, sending his pulse skyrocketing. He crossed the room in two long strides, yanking the bathroom door open, hoping against hope that Sherlock's affronted expression would greet him, but it was as empty as the rest of the room.
She examined herself critically in the mirror of the small compact, smoothing strands of hair here and there until it was perfectly coifed, creating the image she wanted.
"This is good right here," the doctor said. Sherlock smirked, tilting his head back slightly and rolled his eyes to the ceiling. But he took half a step forward, folding John into his arms and resting his chin against the top of John's head. John dropped both his arms to wrap them around Sherlock's waist. He felt the smooth slide of silk against his skin and inhaled the subtle cologne mixed with the scent that was just Sherlock.
“Ah, well sometimes,” John said, shifting a bit in his seat, feeling somewhat awkward at having raised the topic at all. “It’s not intentional.”
That makes absolutely no sense, John. The house hardly had a name, and there weren’t three gables on it. Where do you come up with these things? It’s just getting worse as you get older.
“No,” Sherlock said, resisting when John pulled him forward slightly. “I don’t want to get my hair wet.”
He heard the soft rustle of paper; Angela was reading something. Not the newspaper – the sound was too sharp for that. Mycroft opened his eyes and found her meeting his gaze levelly. He frowned slightly, eyes skimming over the piles of files that had been deposited around the room, taking up every available surface.
from downstairs – the front door slamming shut, echoing behind feet taking the stairs two at a time. Not enough time to register that Sherlock had come back before the detective was right there, in a swirl of wool and anger, plucking the phone from John's unresisting fingers.
like he was being watched, and part of him wanted to believe it was just the suggestion, but some long-honed military instinct was warning him of danger.
"Come here, John," Sherlock said, drawing him onto the bed. His face was caged by long fingers, thumbs stroking his bottom lip before Sherlock pulled them together, kissing lightly.
They couldn't sleep here, not really, certainly not all night, but he trusted John to rouse them before it became dangerous.
Riley improved by degrees. As cold and flu season kicked in to full force, John found less time to visit, being swamped by patients. He imposed more rest on himself – a rare course of action, but he didn't want any respiratory bugs making things worse for his ribs. Even clearing his throat still sent pangs through his muscles – he couldn't imagine what coughing would do. The bruises had faded but the area was still tender. If Sherlock brushed it accidentally when they were in bed, John would hiss and tense involuntarily and they would have to stop until his breathing evened out and the warning flares subsided. Sex was a much more careful affair than it normally was, although he left his fair share of bruises on Sherlock, who wore them like vivid little badges of honour.
The fact that Sherlock hadn't immediately used the opportunity to start rifling through Mycroft's files was surprising; the fact that he kept himself restrained was even more so. They'd been kept waiting for ten minutes now, and John hadn't missed the growing exasperation in the detective's expression.
It almost felt like a normal evening – what passed as normal for them – with Sherlock picking apart the plot of the programme on the telly as he picked at his food, occasionally jabbing his fork toward the screen to emphasize a point. With the light and the warmth in the flat, it would have been easy to overlook the things just beneath the surface, but John could feel them creeping up on him, a chill seeping through the cracks.
“Ms. Casey, you understand you may be a potential witness?” he asked. She looked startled – he doubted she’d thought of that – but she nodded anyway. “I’ll look into this, but I’m going to need to speak to you further one way or another. We’ll need to speak to that patient, as well – and any of your colleagues who were working that shift with you or who were on duty during visitor hours between now and then. We’ll be back in touch.”
"Precisely." Sherlock flipped another page. "So not an affair, but a fascination with a man who has no memory. Tell me – how is he more interesting than me?"
He was right – Sherlock set the food aside immediately without opening it, but he at least drank the water all in one go, putting the empty bottle beside the disregarded junk food. John drank his water more slowly and stayed standing, moving back and forth to keep the stiffness out of his legs and back. He doubted he'd have the chance to get in a proper stretch that evening and would be feeling the effects of the physical labour come morning.
“Nope,” Mary replied pleasantly, dropping her phone into her coat pocket. “I’m going for drinks with a friend. It can wait. Shall we?”
"Yes. Sugar," John agreed breathlessly. Sherlock pressed a kiss on John's sternum and smiled into it – they'd had the same safe word since the beginning. That had been John's brilliant suggestion. It had been where the whole thing had started, he had pointed out.
But he had nothing else. John's clothing was out of the question – not only were the trousers too short, but John's waist was thicker than his own even at the best of times. He was broader in the shoulders, too, and so his shirts were always slightly too large for Sherlock. As much as John enjoyed seeing Sherlock in his shirts and nothing else, the detective felt that was best confined to their flat.
He felt it hum along his nerve endings, heightening all his senses the way cocaine had that one time, everything buzzing with potential and possibility.
, he told himself, giving his head a sharp shake as he left an exam room, dropping the updated chart at the desk. It was too easy to dwell on the negative, and let the positive go unremarked. The night before last, they'd both slept well, and John had awoken first to watch as Sherlock drifted back to consciousness, grace and intellect flowing back into limbs and digits before he even opened his eyes.
Most of them were in Southwark. John frowned at the map, circling St. Thomas' Hospital as well – it was close, but he knew from experience that it wasn't directly serviced with a tube station. And if he'd managed to get to the hospital on the tube, someone would have noticed. John was familiar with the indifference of Underground riders, but there was no way that would have passed completely unremarked.
And then, apparently, had carried a murdered man inside, buried him, and walked back, unconcerned, into London's winter streets.
John led him back through the park, aware of the tension pouring off of Sherlock as he kept step with John but utterly dependant on the doctor for direction.
Shifting fabric, heat, pressure spreading down his right arm to his hand. Across his shoulder. Merging, merging with the pain. Down his neck, down his spine. Inhale. Exhale. Remember those things. One at a time.
Seeing Adler’s body wasn’t going to be good for Sherlock, at least in John’s opinion, but he knew his partner well enough to know that in this – unlike most things – Sherlock didn’t give a damn about what John thought.
"You could have," Bridget agreed, helping herself to a biscuit, annoying John with her unconcerned attitude. "But Mary doesn't like surprises, nor does she like when things doesn't go to plan."
The cabbie rolled his eyes and drove off, leaving the two of them standing at the edge of the road, John looking almost forlorn and abandoned on the pavement.
There was no mention of psychic impressions or ghostly visitations and Lestrade doubted she was lying, because the witness herself had admitted she might be mistaken.
The breeze played at the free edge of the plastic, but beyond that, nothing stirred. John shifted his stance slightly, giving Sherlock another curt nod. He wasn't happy about it, but the detective was closer to the makeshift entrance and John was already in a position to cover him as much as possible.
. He’d use the same one Sherlock had told him. It had worked on John, who knew Sherlock better than anyone.
anymore. That this thing that he'd been given – or stumbled into, or somehow earned, he'd tried to figure it out but had never been able to – would be taken away by the only person who had the right to do so.
"Because if someone like Mary had a family member stolen, we'd have felt it by now. She wouldn't let anything stand in her way of getting him back, not if he meant something to her. London's underworld would be bleeding, John, but right now, it's no more unsettled than it normally is. Mary knows a French author we've met is missing, but she doesn't know who he is to her. She may not even know who's taken him."
"Fool's errand indeed," Hassard huffed. "One tea bag, emptied of tea. The sextant, which, he writes in brackets, is 'on top of the thing'. Your dog tags, apparently. His two spare watches from his dresser, and two and a half biscuits. You're supposed to be sure to measure that. Precisely."
The overcast skies gave way to rain sometime around midnight and it drummed steadily on the windows, rattling against the glass. From outside, the murmur of traffic was muted and Sherlock couldn't hear the sound of John's breathing from the bedroom where he slept. Not that he could have anyway; the door was shut and John was not prone to snoring, but Sherlock noted it now and felt its absence.
going to have to have a talk with Sherlock, he decided. Josephine was five. She shouldn't have put all of that together yet. Maybe in seven years. Sherlock was turning her into an eerily perceptive child, and John did want to avoid Josephine having the same problems that a young Sherlock had had – antagonizing and discomfiting those around her.
He heard footsteps before Mrs. Hudson's door opened and managed to push himself up fast. He stepped onto the first stair to make it appear she'd caught him going up, then schooled his expression into irritated indifference. Sherlock closed one hand over the banister to keep it from shaking visibly.
It was the closest he'd seen the body yet and it was the shock that kept him rooted to the spot because every other instinct inside of him wanted to move away. It was worse than it looked from a distance – the impact had broken so many of the man's bones that he was limp, as if he were made of putty. He had landed face down, but his face was turned slightly to his left. He was unrecognizable, however, his features lost in a mess of blood, his skull crushed. His arms were oddly pinned under his body – John thought he would have instinctively held them out. As if that would somehow have helped. The angle of his back told John his spine was severed and the odd list of his legs below his hips indicated his pelvis was shattered. His clothing was torn here and there and he had compound fractures cutting through his skin.
"He knows we're sleeping together. You know he knows. Honestly, you're both so fidgety about it. Whom would you prefer that I ask?"
"Dublin keeps me occupied, Sherlock. Not to mention having an infant son. You needn't worry about me." Her lips twitched at the derisive snort Sherlock didn't even bother trying to repress. Obedience had never been her strong suit – and he'd known that full well when he hired her.
"Ha," John muttered, lips twitching. "I'll just bet you do. Go be brilliant and dazzling and amazing. I'll do what I can to muddle through on my own."
Sherlock had breezed through dinner, ebullient and satisfied with the knowledge of another puzzle solved, another mystery bowed to his intellect. There was a lightness to him that John normally loved, but this time, it was driving him quietly crazy.
He was transferred to another corporal who took him into the lift and rode with him up to the fifth floor. John wondered how many other flats there were in this building, and if those people had been evacuated.
"I'm a doctor, trauma surgeon," he heard John explain as he closed his eyes and leaned his head back, the vibration from the engine humming through his skull and down his neck.
"Jim Moriarty was a threat to me," Sherlock said, eyes narrowing in a warning that John ignored. "And I have no idea where he's gone or why – not that I'm arguing his silence."
As soon as Mycroft was gone, Sherlock strode to the door, bolted all the locks and reset the security system – not that it mattered, because Mycroft wasn't above intimidating the building's security into letting him in. His own authority was outweighed by that of the British government.
"Maybe two years ago – it's not as though we knew each other well at all. We're really cousins?" For a moment, he heard the suggestion of her nearly vanished French accent, gone as soon as it came.
John raised a hand, trying to push back; Sherlock snagged it, pinning it against the wall, his fingers curled tight into John's wrist, nails digging into skin. John made a noise into the kiss, pain underlain by sharp pleasure, and Sherlock took advantage of it, pressing a thigh between John's legs, feeling a shudder of breath between them.
"Good night," Morgan said. John nodded a good bye to her as well and slipped back into the quiet corridor, feeling some of the pressure around his lungs ease. The tension drained away as he left the hospital and merged into the crowds crossing Westminster Bridge, leaving him uncomfortably aware that he was abandoning someone who genuinely needed him. John glowered, bundling his hands into his pockets, wondering what the hell he was doing. Staying at the hospital seemed like no better an idea than going home.
"Shh," his partner murmured, warm fingertips on John's eyes keeping them closed. He settled for listening, trying to figure out from the soft sounds of small movements what Sherlock was up to.
John had to admit it did help, but made him ruefully aware of the aches and tension everywhere else. He was going to pay for all of this once they'd found Alexandre – and they
Mycroft watched Sherlock leave, shutting the light off behind him. The sudden darkness silhouetted his brother in the doorway for a moment before Sherlock shut the door, leaving Mycroft alone. His outline, suddenly stark against the light from the corridor, was shocking.
"Sally, please. And I'm glad you're here – we've been at our wit's end trying to get any information on him."
, she thought. Five years Sam had been dealing with his memories, making progress. Being permanently reassigned to London – being allowed to live his life as himself again, not as an alias – had been the best thing for him. That had been nearly three years ago now. Within a month of returning home, he'd made more progress than he had in the entire two years prior to that. Most of that was because of Sandra. Veronique often had her suspicions about Sherlock's purported genius but she would admit the man was capable of reading people. Even when concussed, apparently. And while most of Sam's close friends would have baulked at introducing him to a woman who was interested in him, Sherlock had disregarded all common sense in the matter and simply done it.
"A good scientist experiments," John mused, as if to himself. "And I know you're fond of that. So why don't we," he slid his hands higher, and Sherlock spread his knees, giving him better access that John refused to take full advantage of, "experiment a little?"
But John met his eyes again, shifting unconsciously into his military stance, muscles in his jaw tightening. Resolving to get his way, readying himself against an argument, against obstinacy.
What concerned John more was that with the fever suppressing his appetite, Sherlock lost two more pounds. That brought him down to eight and a half pounds underweight and he looked alarmingly thin. His pyjamas hung off of his pale frame and John wondered if his clothing would fit properly when he was well enough to dress again. He'd have to start cooking heavy food when the detective's appetite went back to normal. And getting a lot more take away.
John knew he had more than enough reason to demand that physical proof – he'd recognize the signs of Sherlock being high immediately, but the detective could have any number of hiding places in either flat that John would never find. He might not know until it was too late.
John was good with people, knew how to talk to them, to get them to warm to him. Sherlock could (and often did) fake it, of course, and he would concede to the occasional genuine sense of connection, but he didn't have the patience to sustain it without good cause.
They stared at each other in an awkward, uncertain silence. John leaned forward slightly, resting his elbows on his knees, lacing his fingers together. Sherlock shifted in his chair, drawing his legs up to his chest before a frown creased his features. He adjusted his position so that both of his feet were on the floor and his hands rested on his thighs – he was tense, John noted, but he was also aware of his body language. That was pretty much a first for Sherlock. He was so good at reading it in other people to collect information he wanted but rubbish at being aware of his own.
Interviews from the Douglas' house staff and those who had worked directly with the late Sir Richard Douglas, it seemed. As well as lists crammed with names of those working in the adjacent building. John Watson couldn't have known the can of worms he was opening when he figured out those maps, but another office building meant a whole new pool of suspects – not to mention they had crews checking the third office building and the bank. Even if someone in the other two buildings had known about this… Lestrade sighed, drumming a pencil against his desk absently.
"They'll have champagne at the hotel. And room service. I imagine our bed is quite comfortable, too."
"Turn your head," he said. Sherlock gave a pleased little huff and buried his face in his pillow, keeping his head turned just enough to breathe. John shuffled forward a bit and pressed his hands at the base of Sherlock's spine. He stroked upward slowly, taking care not to go too deep, not while Sherlock's muscles were still cold. He didn't do this often, but he had it done to him on a fairly regular basis and he had an excellent knowledge of human anatomy. John worked in long, slow movements, warming Sherlock's muscles, feeling them relax and unwind under his hands. He used broad strokes up Sherlock's back, across his shoulders and down his arms, tugging on Sherlock's arms lightly to get him to drop them to his sides. John saw the ghost of a smile touch Sherlock's lips when he moved and he relaxed more, exhaling a deep sigh.
It hadn't been simple but it had been necessary, and when the dust had settled, after Sherlock had walked away from a confrontation on a hospital rooftop in London, Dublin was no longer split, no longer at the mercurial mercy of a madman.
"Come on," he murmured, helping the detective out of bed and down the stairs, where he could tuck him on the sofa in the living room. Sherlock watched him, glassy-eyed and miserable, left eye swollen shut, face a brighter patchwork than the day before.
Without needing to constantly correct someone else's mistakes, it was a matter of a few minutes before he was done, left only with two copies of Alexandre Georges' new book, and wondering where he might hide them so as never be subjected to them. In the end, Sherlock relented, shoving his copy haphazardly on an upper shelf but leaving John's on the coffee table.
The sigh he was expecting didn't come; Sherlock bounced to his feet instead, wine-red dressing gown billowing gently as he grasped John's right hand nimbly, spinning him and tugging him along.
"He could do a lot worse than you, Doctor Watson. He has. As to his reasons..." She paused, pressing a hand over her lips, looking away. John waited, letting the silence stretch until he thought he wouldn't get an answer, then Morgan refocused with a small shake of her head.
going to have to explain to Sherlock that Adler's dead – really this time, and hope he fucking believes it and that we're right –
"I hear congratulations are in order," she commented. "On your wedding. Doctor Watson mentioned it the other day."
John's hands curled into his fists of their own accord; he relaxed them deliberately, shaking his head.
This earned Sherlock a broader smile. He shifted his weight off of his husband and John rolled onto his back, adjusting his position so that he could slip under the blankets. The balcony doors were open and the breeze was cool, now hinting at approaching rain. There wouldn't be a storm – Sherlock smiled slightly at the thought that this would disappoint John.
, because the sleeves were the right length, and so were the trousers. The jacket fit better at the waist, but the shoulders were too big; what her mind had identified as simply from the body being supine was a fault with the suit itself, not the wearer.
"And in the meantime a professional killer is loose and our identities have been compromised," Mycroft said. His voice was weaker now and Sherlock could tell he was struggling. This time, however, he was not going to bow to John's wishes and wrap things up early. This was his brother. For all the grief Mycroft had given him in the past, he could take some of his own now, particularly since it might help catch the man who had tried to murder him.
"Yes," he replied. He kept his expression as open as he was able given the circumstances and took care that his voice was neither clipped nor angry.
Sherlock closed his eyes briefly, hoping John wouldn't misinterpret it, but also hoping his partner wouldn't see the relief there.
It couldn't have been long, a couple of minutes, John thought, but he was alone when he could think again, when he could feel the cold creeping back in, pushing at the pain. He listened but there were no footsteps, no sounds of breathing except his own, breaking into whimpers on the edge of each exhalation. Distantly, he could hear the sounds of the city, the purr of traffic, the call of sirens, the far-off vibration of aeroplanes.
"What doesn't make sense about it?" John asked, keeping his patience in check as best he could. "We did it, didn't we?"
It hadn't been particularly surprising when, at the end of a long day that John had crammed with touristy activities, Sherlock had dragged him into a high end (and ridiculously expensive) men's clothing store on Rue Saint-Honoré. John hadn't commented or complained; after putting up remarkably well – for Sherlock – with the tourist sites, the doctor was inclined to let his partner dally in the shop, modeling overpriced clothing and preening.
"Thank you," Josephine repeated. Sherlock crouched down to better see the screen and John tilted it slightly so the angle was good for both of them. Josephine beamed at them from her kitchen table where Tricia had obviously set her up so she could work in the background and keep an eye on things.
In the seat behind him, Bill Murray was slumped over, lifeless eyes staring at the upholstery in front of him.
"No, you said he'd get bored and murder someone! I don't see any bloody bodies here, do you? What I see is a sodding stupid git who calls himself a genius and who can't help but get himself into trouble at every bloody opportunity!"
He'd been trying to follow the streets, match the tunnels up with a grid above ground that had little or nothing to do with what lay beneath the surface. The roads and buildings were the city's skin, the tunnels – any of them – that ran below its blood vessels and nervous system. They
They lay entangled, their breathing gradually slowing, Sherlock tracing vague patterns on John's back. John tried to tell if he was spelling or drawing anything – he never could figure it out and never asked. He liked not knowing. Sometimes, though, John felt the sinuous curve of an "S" being traced out down his back and it made him smile. He felt it now and pressed a kiss into Sherlock's chest. If he traced a "J" into Sherlock's skin, would the detective know? John's smile grew – of course he would.
That conversation taken care of, Sherlock paced his flat, the silence pressing in on him, tightening inexorably. He should be
“He was looking for a new doctor for the firm,” he said, glossing over the details to get to the bare truth. “I needed a job. He found me through my sister – she’s a solicitor.”
"It's good to see you looking better," he said. "Mummy and Father will want to come around soon, of course. I'll pass on your best to them."
"Who hasn't?" Even if it hadn't been all over the news, coppers gossiped like school girls and the story had reached her quickly from someone she'd worked with in Homicide. "Found out who he is yet?"
Winter crept in, shrouding the city in lengthening periods of darkness, but John found late November brightened by a visit from Alexandre, who had kept his word about visiting once Sherlock had recovered.
Sherlock pushed himself back from the table and sighed in the silence of the flat when the buzzer to the flat sounded twice in quick succession. That was Sam's ring.
John's tread on the stairs was familiar and balanced – he wasn't carrying anything so he hadn't stopped to do errands. But given the short time in which he'd been gone, this wasn't surprising. He was moving at a normal pace, so he was not feeling tired, which was good. He'd slept in a fair amount that morning, which Sherlock assumed was needed after a week of having a patient at home as well as patients at work. The key turned in the lock and John swung the door open, looking immediately surprised to see him. His brown eyes raked over Sherlock with a quick medical evaluation – he was checking for signs of a fever again.
"Insurance, I think," John replied, only half surprised Sherlock had highjacked the DI's phone as well.
"Mozart," Sam repeated, then shook his head, his lips twitching into something that resembled a grimace more than it did a smile. "Of all the things."
John stopped short, as if all the air had been driven from his lungs. He stared at Sherlock, waiting for him to say something else – anything else, to apologise, to even look remorseful, but Sherlock's expression stayed cold, locked, angry. John opened his mouth then closed it again, feeling the hard twist in his heart and stomach.
Mary chose her time carefully – the morning commuter rush was an excellent cover, the sea of people making it difficult to pinpoint a single face and the dummy Oyster card neatly masking her movements. An app on her phone kept its location as her flat, freeing her up from having to leave it behind.
"If I ever do, you have my permission to shoot me," he snapped, annoyed at the small smile that played on her lips. "Not my family. Nor yours. Jim's."
The silence on the other end of the line drew out again; Sherlock held up a hand to keep John from speaking with the doctor took a deep breath. As much as he understood the necessity of moving quickly, pushing Mary would gain them nothing.
"Oh," John said, feeling a mild flash of surprise. "You didn't have to wait for me to wake up if Lestrade called–"
"Sherlock–" John started but Sherlock didn't acknowledge him, keeping his gaze on the injured man. McKinney shifted on his bed, using his right arm to push himself up somewhat.
It was a long moment before he could fumble with the belt around Sherlock's wrists to free them, and hook clumsy toes around the scarves, giving Sherlock enough space to pull trembling legs from their restraints. John tried to move away, drawing deep groans from both of them when he collapsed again. Cajoling aching limbs, he managed to pull out and grasp a nearby towel, cleaning them awkwardly, hampered by weakened hands and by Sherlock pressing against him, warm mouth finding John's in an inelegant kiss.
John accepted the package with a thanks and a small tip, and made sure Sherlock could hear him bolting the door again after the concierge had gone.
John drew a careful breath, swallowing his automatic retort that he'd been to Afghanistan, that he knew how to handle himself around these type of people. He had information about them that Morgan didn't – he'd gone so far as to break into one of their houses.
“Friend of mine was involved in that,” Bill said, leaning forward conspiratorially. “Told me awhile back. Want to know?”
"I didn't mean–" John tried again but Sherlock swung himself up and padded into the bedroom, leaving the door open behind him, not bothering with the light. John cursed to himself and put his plate aside quickly before hurrying after him. He found Sherlock stretched out on the bed, hands folded on his stomach, looking through the darkness at the ceiling.
"'Morning," Hassard said, reality returned with the sound of her voice. Late morning for her – same pale circles under her eyes that Lestrade had, nothing serious, signs of long hours of work that went with the job. Pausing in the act of writing something, left handed. In need of a coffee but wouldn't take one to add to the three she'd already had or there'd be caffeine jitters and the note taking would suffer, although not as much as the concentration.
"Yes," she replied, nodding. "I thought that Arthur would be happy for the rain– they'd be good for the flowers…"
Until the discomfort hadn't dissipated with the slowly fading bruises and the switch from sleeping on hard, cold ground to a warm, familiar bed. Muscle strain hadn't been a surprise, but the small, dark, radiolucent line on his upper humerus had been. A stress fracture – but a small one, and nothing that warranted serious medical intervention beyond the sling, which he could remove to shower and dress, so long as he was careful.
"What else? Anything, anything at all? Unfamiliar people, anything out of place, an odd smell or sound?"
John really didn’t want to know, because if he did, and if whoever had done whatever had been done to Sherlock was still alive, there would be no stopping him until they were dead.
"Yeah, good, fine," John replied, the words delivered automatically, with no real truth behind them.
The bedroom was dark but the curtains that covered the balcony doors were pulled back and one of the doors had been left open. A faint and cool salt-tinged breeze stirred in the room, shivering over John's skin, raising goose bumps. He got up and searched the floor for his discarded pyjamas, managing to find both the t-shirt and the boxers in the moonlight that glanced across the polished hardwood floor.
"Because you actually paid attention," Sam snapped. Marian just nodded. She'd always looked out for him, stood up for him against Richard, played with him, took him on hours-long adventures in the woods near the school just to get them both out of the house. He wondered suddenly if that was also because she'd had no one else, not really.
Justified as Mycroft's ire was, John had never expected that kind of cruelty from him, and he'd intervened, using his best captain's bark to get the elder Holmes out of his house – reminding Mycroft that
When he went back into the living room, Sam was once again sitting in John's chair and the dog was curled up on the rug at his feet. Sherlock sighed; there would be dog hairs both all over the carpet and on John's chair. It meant he would have to hoover.
"Trainers," David said decisively, giving a brief nod that was far too reminiscent of his uncle. By some quirk of genetics, David looked more like Sherlock than anyone else – which was, of course, to say that he looked Sibyl, but the resemblance to Sherlock was more apparent to Mycroft, who remembered his brother very well as a child.
John looked away for a quick assessment of the scene – there was a body of a man lying at the foot of the stairs and he had either been pushed down the stairs or the impact of the bullet to his head that had clearly killed him had unbalanced him and he'd fallen. In a small flat, the stairs down which he'd fallen would have been a spiral staircase but space was not an issue here, so the stairs curved gracefully up to the second floor, not quite winding back on themselves.
He doubted Sherlock would be into anything too serious in that regard – but for a man who wasn't legally allowed to make arrests, he was awfully fond of his set of handcuffs.
Sherlock pulled John's jeans down, then hooked his fingers into the elastic waistband of John's pants and drew them over his cock and down, letting them gather at his ankles.. John's fingers wove into his hair, not in the comforting gesture, but in need this time. Sherlock chuckled again and placed a kiss on John's hip then bent further and undid John's trainers. The doctor kicked himself out of his clothing impatiently and the detective smirked.
"It's a public video, John, but there are no search terms linked to it. No way to find it unless you have the link, because it won't turn up in any search engines and won't be suggested with similar videos. Hiding in plain sight."
There was no sense in protesting though. The update on the case wasn’t sensitive or graphic, so he settled the four of them into an interview room, flipping open Richard’s file but keeping it with him for a moment.
Mycroft looked around slowly, trying to identify anyone out of place. Various aides, assistants, and officials were crossing the tiled floor; hard soled shoes and high heels clicking loudly, voices rising and falling as they moved closer to him, then away. Some in pairs, laughing and chatting. Others on their own, looks of concentration on their faces, files in their arms or phones glued to their ears.
"Out!" he snapped. Mycroft waited a long moment, too long to be comfortable, then rose, gathering his ever-present umbrella.
He thought about hauling himself up and walking through the litany of rambling words that his husband was spouting into the bedroom and crawling into bed. Maybe he'd slap his hand over Sherlock's mouth on the way by and force the detective to come with him. They could… John didn't even know. He was too tired to do anything but realized with a mild jolt that he sort of wanted to. He wondered if Sherlock would be offended if he fell asleep halfway through. Or a quarter of the way through. Or right at the beginning.
"Amanda called me," she whispered, voice still sounding too loud in the oppressive hush of the ICU. "How is he?"
Someone – probably Angela – had changed him from the hospital gown into a pair of pale grey silk pyjamas and he was covered with a crisp white sheet and light yellow blanket. Buried as he was beneath the covers and the equipment, he seemed almost small. It was the second time Sherlock could remember his brother looking reduced. The first had been when David had been abducted. He recalled taking some satisfaction at seeing Mycroft taken down a peg.
"Well I certainly can't afford her dresses," John replied. Sandra's smile widened a bit and he grinned at her. "Come on, let's get out of here before I get any walk-in patients."
"I'm going to give you three things to remember, then you can sleep again," she said. "It's all right if you don't remember them right away. Five flowers, red pencils, and blue pens. Can you repeat that back to me?"
"It's just– She's right you know. Hassard. I can't climb that ladder one-armed. I'm not much use here."
Given what she knew about Sherlock and Adler, that was a tenuous prospect. Mary had never pushed John too hard for information – she knew that would have looked suspicious – but Sherlock and Adler had had… something. Lust? Infatuation? Fascination? Mutually assured destruction?
"Don't be absurd." The offhanded tone made John repress a growl. "If you'd brought this to my attention, I'd remember.
John glanced up again to see Donovan and Lestrade glaring at Morgan before the DI sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“You don’t know the half of it,” John sighed, taking a sip of his tea, appreciating the warmth and the caffeine kick. “Sometimes I have to take what I can get.”
"Adair was selling information on Mary," he began, marshalling the events and information into some kind of order – there
“Who?” John snapped, lowering his voice when one of the other customers in their aisle gave them a puzzled glance.
"The best disguise is hiding in plain sight, John," Sherlock replied. "To the casual observer – or even an interested one without the right context – these aren't very informative. A list of dates and initials, some with brief notes, personally coded, but if Adair hadn't ended up a victim of Mary's assassins, something like this wouldn't have raised any flags to anyone else who happened upon it."
The patient load kept him busy, but he looked in on Sherlock whenever he had a moment; the detective seemed immersed in some internet research, and John privately hoped it was about something other than Irene Adler. For all of Sherlock's protestations that his attention wasn't her goal, and she didn't have it anyway, the doctor was fairly certain she had a pretty prominent place in that incredible mind of his.
"Good morning to you, too," he murmured, voice still thick with sleep and half lost in skin and the light, downy duvet. He took a moment to appreciate the fact that Sherlock was at least still naked, closing his eyes and inhaling his partner's familiar scent.
It took some time for her to get the whole story, although he'd been upfront about having been assaulted on an undercover assignment from the beginning. She hadn't enjoyed learning that – but it wasn't the kind of thing anyone enjoyed knowing. When he realized she remembered the incident on the Waterloo Bridge, he'd been dismayed. When she told him she remembered it because she'd known Sherlock, he'd been relieved that she hadn't recalled it because of him.
The tone of John's voice, the lightness of his stance, the smile on his face – Sherlock drank them all in, almost but not quite able to ignore the stab of fear they caused.
"It was snowing the day you came into the hospital," Donovan said. "You told one of the nurses your name was John. Do you remember that?"
The building was modern, all smooth, sleek lines rising up at least a dozen storeys above street level. Just far enough outside the city's centre that they'd lost the tourists and the area had taken on a residential feel – it was a touch too suburban for John's taste, which make him smirk at himself. Baker Street had spoiled him.
"I remember," Sherlock sighed, plunking himself back down into the chair in front of the monitor. "She should count herself lucky it isn't the one we're currently looking for."
"It isn't common now, and it's certainly not the only reason I don't sleep." That was true, although nearly a lie by degrees – occasionally sleep was elusive just for the sake of being elusive, but Sherlock had never resorted to the drugs Irene had provided in those cases. Particularly not since John had come along and he could wake the doctor up to have any number of pleasant things done to him.
A small sound in the corridor made him look up and Sandra was standing in the doorway a moment later, blinking sleep from her features, watching him with concern. He tried to give her a smile but the expression felt tight and his muscles felt tired. She crouched in front of him, searching his face, resting her hands very lightly on his knees. Sam moved his own hands to cover hers.
"All right," John relented. It wasn't worth pushing the point, not yet. And Sherlock had had a long day. Part of John wanted to take him back to Baker Street immediately, where he had some control over who came and went – but that meant putting Sherlock back in his work environment and John had no desire to find out what kind of disaster the detective might cause with volatile chemicals and memory problems.
"Pay her overtime then," Sherlock replied, bored with having to argue about it. "She's already done some work for me on this."
He brushed his fingertips upward again, pausing to dig his thumb into dense quadriceps muscles, the sight of Sherlock's teeth catching his lower lip against a groan shooting straight to John's groin. He shifted slightly, aware that his jeans were becoming pleasantly restrictive, enjoying the sensation. His fingers closed over Sherlock's when the detective tried to reciprocate, and John shook his head.
“Inspector,” the solicitor stepped in smoothly. “Richard Mitchell has been missing for three years. If his disappearance wasn’t by his choice, why not go to the police immediately? He didn’t have any outstanding warrants at the time of his disappearance, and certainly a missing man couldn’t accrue any without raising any red flags.”
He was angry about this too – both at himself and at the situation. It was scarcely his fault Maxen Brace had been pushed off a bridge to his death. But it
The thought threatened to derail him, nearly overshadowing the pleasure at the prospect of seeing Victor again. Sherlock sat back in his chair, closing his eyes and focussing on his breathing, letting years of training take effect, creating a tenuous balance that gradually strengthened. He ignored the desire for a cigarette, telling himself it was an unnecessary distraction, a habituated psychological response that did not need to be indulged.
"You're welcome to wait," the doctor said. "Although if you'd prefer to go home and clean up, you have more than enough time to do so and get back here before he wakes up."
"He just confessed," John said, not adding that he'd done so under duress. It wouldn't matter – confessing to Sherlock wasn't a legal admission anyway. He'd have to talk to the police, but John was certain that he would. There was no getting away from it anymore.
Jeans, a light, fitted jumper and casual flats completed the costume, masking everything that was remarkable about her appearance. Of course she'd still be attractive – there was only so much she could do about that – but she wouldn't command anyone's attention beyond a passing glance.
Now the two covering him did raise their guns, their eyes following his movements, their weapons steady. The sergeant to whom John had been speaking gave a curt nod, kept his own weapon down, and watched John intently. John moved slowly and deliberately, pulling his wallet from his back pocket and extending his driver's licence. The sergeant stepped forward, accepted it, and stepped back. He scrutinized it, then at John, before handing it back.
"I do at school," David countered. He paused, and Mycroft refrained from filling the silence. "But it's the weekend, so it's all right."
“I will tell him,” Sherlock sighed, fiddling with a pen, annoyed with the direction of the conversation. “It’s not an unusual circumstance, though.”
"Nope," Sherlock said, shutting off the tiny burner heating a small pot of something that smelled strongly of chocolate. He lifted the lid and the smell wafted more strongly into the room; it
He didn't think he'd be able to pin down exactly what Doe did for a living, but at least it could provide some differentiation. If he worked with his hands on a regular basis, it would show.
And, Sherlock realized abruptly, he had no guarantee that Mary herself was currently in London. As certain as he was that this was her base – Paris was significantly smaller, increasing her chances of being recognized – there was no reason she had to be here
Difficult to tell anything else, not while the victim was lying down and injured. Any stiffness from old injuries was masked by the new ones, any hint of how he carried himself was wiped away by the present inability to stand. Silver ring on his left ring finger, plain – could be a wedding band, could just be a ring. Impossible to tell unless he could look at it more closely. Nothing distinctive that he could see, no visible scars or tattoos but most of his body was covered with blankets and pyjamas where it was not masked with bandages and tubes.
In all the years he'd known Sherlock, John had never once had real reason to suspect his husband of doing drugs. There had been Lestrade's accusations on the first day they'd met, and Sherlock's assertions that he was clean. John had never asked about anything before that, but he'd kept an eye out for a while, learning gradually to relax and trust Sherlock.
Lestrade was looking harassed; it was an expression he adopted entirely too often as far as Sherlock was concerned. If he'd wanted a quiet life, he should have taken some menial job with no responsibility and no interaction with the public. And he should hardly be worried about this case. The military was handling it by and large, relying on the Met only for assistance and additional security, so really, it wasn't as though Lestrade had to expend a great deal of energy into catching this killer.
John was guaranteed to be getting information from Mycroft and Gabriel, but still. It stung more than Sherlock wanted to admit, and he knew John had a right to be angry.
John stayed still and quiet for a minute, then moved silently across the room and flopped down on top of Sherlock. He felt Sherlock stiffen, the irritation flowing out of him, replaced by surprise. He didn't move, but John saw his eyes flicker to the side briefly, watching the doctor carefully.
"It's not going to explode in the middle of the night, is it?" he asked in response to the detective's raised eyebrow.
Irene had felt it before, more than once, and the worst time had teetered on the edge of a battle, the balance of power suddenly shattered, creating a vacuum of uncertainty and opportunity, where one wrong step could have plunged the city's underworld into chaos, dragging the rest of Dublin with it.
Sherlock tipped his head, arching his back, one arm wound loosely around John's shoulders, the other hand braced against John's knee. With the detective's long legs still hooked around his hips, John had to do all the work, but didn't mind – the tiny sounds Sherlock was making at the apex of each thrust more than made up for it.
He'd slipped – when on his own – and tumbled a short way down a hill. It had left bruises, but compared to everything else they'd gone through – particularly Lestrade and Sherlock, with so little food and the DI's injury – it had hardly warranted mentioning.
Sherlock checked his phone discreetly, unsurprised by the lack of service he'd predicted, but somewhat disappointed. If he'd been in the mood to consider ever having a conversation with Mycroft again, he would have made a note to mention it. As he was not, he did not.
By rights he should have died. He almost had. It had been years before he'd felt himself again, because it had been years before Interpol had let him
It was pretty much the only response to Olivia, he mused, as he was tugged past the entry toward the butterfly enclosure.
In an effort to do something productive, he took a shower and then settled in the sauna, hoping the heat would dissolve the tension from his mind as much as it did from his muscles. The minutes trickled by until Sherlock finally lost all track of them, given over to the sensations of the heat, the way the air clung to his skin and his lungs, the dull burn of the cedar planks beneath his back and against his legs, the brush of something akin to coolness when he shifted one leg, letting the sole of his foot take the brunt of the heat.
Darkness again. Eyes closed. Turned away. So bright. So loud. He wanted quiet. No pain. A sigh. Shift in the shoulders, pain down his spine. Wincing, forcing relaxation.
He sighed again, admitting to himself that Sherlock had consciously sought out people like him. There was no reason the similarities had to stop with intelligence and a flexible approach to the law.
"Take these. Doctor's orders. Let it dissolve it your mouth, it'll work faster. It's safe, don't worry," John added as Sherlock gave the two white pills a dubious glare. "I
Sherlock pressed harder and John cursed. This was getting to be too much like torture – he knew the police occasionally used limited force and physical discomfort but this was excessive.
reason – I don't know how, but I'll find out. And I won't sit and talk and be reasonable. Do you understand?"
The detective had no release date yet – the neurologist was being cautious, probably partly at Mycroft's request. John resented and appreciated that in equal parts, and vacillating between the two was tiring him out even more.
They were usually very careful about public displays; Sherlock's reputation was for his work, and John had no desire to make their personal life a source of tabloid discussion.
"If he throws up, give him the bucket." Sherlock rolled his eyes but John ignored him, pushing himself to his feet. He waited for another protest from his husband but Sherlock kept his silence.
"Are you finished?" Sherlock replied, turning his head slightly, annoyed by the grin that split his partner's lips.
But he made it back to the Baker Street station in fairly good time and realized with a bit of a sinking heart that this disappointed him. Coming up the street to the flat, he turned his mobile back on. He knew Sherlock hated it when he had it off, but he hadn't wanted his outing with Tricia to be interrupted.
Sherlock lowered the mug and stared at the steaming liquid. He was silent for a long moment, then recounted the fight in a flat voice that masked the fear and desperation that twisted in his stomach. He'd never felt like this before – never felt so terrified of losing John. Not even when John had first caught him smoking and had gone over to Tricia's. Then he said he'd be back. This time he'd just left. He couldn't close his eyes – each time he did, he saw John getting into the cab, John looking back at him blankly.
would, and then bits of the web would be broken, others creeping across it, finding its centre, finding
Hassard tilted her head, a brief gesture for Donovan to follow, and fell into step behind John. He doubted there was much rush – Sherlock was probably still furiously at work, so the detective's sudden appearance in the corridor just outside the tech office startled him. To say nothing of the phone that was thrust toward his face, screen too close for him to read the backlit words.
John didn't move for a few seconds, then kissed back. They stayed that way, barely touching, barely moving, for a long moment. Sherlock pulled away carefully and met John's eyes again, then kissed him a second time. He deepened it slightly this time and John let him, parting his own lips a bit. He felt Sherlock's tongue dart over his lips, over the front of his teeth, but didn't give him any more access. Sherlock ran his tongue over John's bottom lip again then caught it lightly, sucking on it.
He shook his head. Tried to dislodge the memories. He'd learned to manage everything else from that day. Not to let it have control. He could stop this. The cold, the pain, waiting for him right below the surface. The touch, the smells. Panic. Revulsion. Desperation.
John was slowing them down even more and he knew it – where Sherlock and Hassard could scramble over debris that hadn't been cleared or duck easily into low-hanging spaces, he had to take his time. The lack of complaint from Sherlock was something of a minor miracle, but John felt grey eyes raking over him, along with the beam from the detective's headlamp, at each delay.
"Oh good, so nice to know," the detective replied without opening his eyes or shifting from the straight line his body drew from head to toe, somehow precariously propped in his chair.
Keeping the business running smoothly, without any interference from their specialized competitors or from the law, was an enterprise Sherlock couldn't – and didn't – undertake on his own.
He shifted off of Sherlock carefully, watching his husband's face to make sure he didn't wake up. Sherlock stirred a bit, but only enough to settle down more and bring his right hand up to bunch into his pillow. John smiled slightly. He fetched a light blanket from their linen closet, since Sherlock was pinning their sheets and duvet under his body, and covered him with it to keep him from getting cold. As sick as he'd been and as thin as he was, he'd probably need the extra warmth even in the August heat.
He felt John's fingers curl around his – only lightly, only for a moment – as the lift doors slid open. It was enough to re-centre himself and he gave a curt nod of thanks. They stepped out and made their way down the corridor then Sherlock paused in mid-step. The action made John stop as well, turning back to glance at him curiously, but Sherlock kept his eyes on the young man standing in front of the vending machines.
"Am I completely in the wrong then, John?" Sherlock demanded. "You apologized, but did you do so simply because you think it's easier? Is this all my fault?"
"I'll stop in again soon," Mycroft said pleasantly, making his way to the door, apparently utterly unconcerned by the death wish Sherlock was clearly aiming his way.
"We're in Paris, in the summer, and without a case. And I don't know about you, but after being lost and stranded in Wales for three days, I think we've both earned a bit of a break."
He took to cleaning when he wasn't sitting on the couch because at least it got him up and moving around. The repetitiveness helped him focus on nothing, too, keeping the memories largely at bay until he felt steady enough to let them in, just for a little while.
Now more than ever, he wished Mrs. Hudson were here. John felt like they were both adrift without her, and he'd found himself in her flat once, looking for her before realizing what he was doing. Sherlock needed her fussing and mothering, and John frankly could have used it, too. The house felt like a fraction of their home, and it didn't help that Sherlock was refusing most visitors, except the ones John imposed on him.
Sherlock withheld a small sigh; that was actually true. He rarely took refuge in sleep – or pretending to sleep – but it was often an effective weapon with John, when he needed one.
, solid and real, looming in the kitchen doorway, presence filling the room, accented by an undercurrent of his cologne and the smell of water, which was still pouring from the tap.
"We'll just have to be aware of that," John said. "I think we could use the holiday. If we don't expect things to be perfect and relaxing when we get back, then we're being realistic. But the time away would do us good, I think."
He should leave it, he knew. He'd walked away from his brother's request for help with Magnussen, and walked right into this trap with Jim.
John glanced away, exhaling a slow deep breath, rubbing the left side of his nose absently. When he glanced back, Sherlock was still watching him with concern mixed with apprehension and confusion. John swallowed on a comment – he really, really could not be the one to begin this conversation. He knew he'd never forgive himself if he did and he'd never forget that he'd done it either. And he'd look back and know he'd just caved again.
"He volunteered absolutely no information. Not because he's attempting to convince us that he has none, but because he does not remember anything."
Sherlock was wearing clothing he would not normally wear and gloves to keep his fingers from being discoloured from the nicotine. If he did this when John was at work, he had enough time to shower thoroughly, scrub his teeth and change into his regular clothing before John got home. And god knew Sherlock could afford to go to a dentist for those whitening treatments if he thought the nicotine was staining his teeth.
"You know," he murmured, cupping Sherlock's jaw, tipping the detective's face up slightly, "the best way to gain practical knowledge is to practice."
But other people knew the name, too, whispers in the darkness, tiny threads leading back to him and he was careful to control them all, a spider at the centre of a web catching all the flies – but there were other spiders, quiet and deadly – loud and deadly? – and he wouldn't say – he
"Ah, so errand girl and personal chauffeur. Well since I'm here, I might as well fill this list. If Sherlock wants to send me on a fool's errand, he's going to get what he asked for out of it. Let's see." She pulled out a folded piece of paper, eyes skimming over it, eyebrows raised.
Sam closed his eyes and breathed in the familiar scents of Veronique's perfume – the only kind she ever wore, one of her family's best products – and her cigarettes. It was an odd mixture but one he'd always associated with safety. The sensation of being safe now made him feel weak and Veronique's arms tightened around him in response.
Sherlock froze at the sound that stripped away the years and took him back to the man on the bridge, the man in the pool at midnight, laughing about the fragility of human life as John and Sam looked out at him from memory, desperation in their eyes.
“I do,” John said, pulling him down for a kiss that was too brief – Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from trying to follow John when the doctor pulled away, earning a smug look and a quick smile. “I won’t be long.”
"No, John, wake up," Sherlock snapped, slapping the desk, and John jerked himself awake again. "The cabbie that drove Brace and our killer to the river."
“But you have them,” Sherlock replied. “John. I will not allow you to come to any harm because of me. This is one of the ways I assure that won’t happen. You would do the same for me, I imagine, if our situations were reversed.”
"No muddy footprints," Sherlock said. "Mud from above would track down, and there's not much of it down here to cover it. They'd have been prepared for that."
"I'll be here," John replied with a slight smile. He watched Sherlock go, appreciating the view, before settling back into his chair to wait.
"Greg? He's finally awake. Meet you downstairs." Ringing off, she looked back up at her sergeant. "Let's go."
The client was waiting for them in the corridor when they stepped out of the lift, hovering just outside his flat. The grin that split his lips was one of pure delight, and the expression startled John into a half moment's pause.
, he thought, catching his lower lip, worrying it. A suspended fear made his heart somehow speed up and stutter at the same time as he silently urged the tech to work faster, to make this happen. The monitor stayed resolutely blank, a faceless map of the city, as information poured from the tech's fingers into another screen, senseless numbers scrolling past.
The door was answered by a small, slightly stooped woman, who gave Irene a careful look, a hint of questioning suspicion in her eyes.
He heard the surprise in the silence now – it certainly hadn't been the name she'd expecting, if she'd expected any name at all. Doubtless Mary knew who was behind Wales but she couldn't have known why. If she had, Georges' existence wouldn't have been a mystery to her, and he very likely would have been protected, even without his knowledge.
"Uncles are brothers of mothers and fathers," Josephine said, her voice sounding small. "We learned it in school."
Bridget held up a hand, the appeal for calm sending a shock of anger through John that he swallowed on, hard.
Irene kept the option open, but relegated it to the recesses of her mind. It didn't bear thinking about, particularly not when there was so much that did.
Then he would have to visit Mycroft. That would be fraught with all sorts of petty unspoken admonishments. Sherlock wondered if perhaps he could just send Anthea a lengthy text to relay to his brother. After all, Mycroft was hardly in a position to come round to their flat. This cheered Sherlock slightly – his brother couldn't get up the stairs, and it would be some time before he could, which meant that their flat was unlikely to be invaded.
anyone be this – this bright reflection, this distraction, especially when the notes were so wrong because he knew – no, he thought, but maybe it was a dream – he’d seen this before, but painted differently across Sherlock, like someone owned him or part of him and kept it tucked away where no one else could get at it.
But no one had mucked up spectacularly yet and they'd even resolved a missing person's case, bringing home a fourteen year old girl who had run off with her eighteen year old boyfriend. The rare reunions were a welcome change from her old stint in homicide; it was nice to see things end well once in awhile. So, nothing too unusual. Which might mean either nothing disastrous was going to happen at all or that the universe might just be waiting until 4:30 for the other shoe to drop. Things had a way of working like that.
John grinned – there were a lot of things about this set up that made him happy, not least that Sherlock's tone didn't at all match the desire flickering across his expression, particularly when John settled onto his knees. Grey eyes tracked his movements, and John raised his eyebrows.
"Yes, he was there. That day, that time? I doubt it. He probably knows, but he's never said anything. He was interviewed about it when he became an informant but nothing in the interview suggested he had any idea."
"She's someone you know," Mary continued. "She'll be with you within the hour. I'm trusting you, Mister Holmes, but not because I have no choice. Our priorities are aligned here, but I don't know Alexandre Georges, and I will protect put my people first if you force me to choose. Do you understand?"
"You owe Sally a thanks," he said. Sherlock sighed, the sound tinged with pain reflected on his features when he slouched down again.
"Here, have more," John said, refilling the glass. "Take it easy, deep breaths, as deep as you can manage with those ribs. Good."
Sherlock wrapped his hands around John’s hips, fingers tightening as John focused on the heads, using his thumb for added pressure. He bit his lower lip, eyes squeezed shut, the sight nearly undoing John.
She nodded and John hovered out of earshot while she made the call, aware of her guilty glances. He didn't care what Mycroft did, so long as it got him access to Adler's body.
John waited until the orderlies had left, until the tech in the booth knocked on the glass, gesturing for John to join him.
Sam watched her sleeping and frowned slightly. He didn't want to move and wake her but he wasn't certain why. Normally she slept through him getting up and getting ready for work. She really only woke up for him if he woke her deliberately – which she generally did not mind – or if he was having particularly bad nightmares.
"Don't be absurd. It's not even remotely the right time of day for that. Honestly, how do you people manage? It's so obvious!"
"Mm," Sherlock said. "Her hearing is getting worse, John. She hardly heard us when–" He cut himself off, biting his lower lip and cursing silently.
"Thanks," John said. He stood slowly and half limped into the kitchen to fix himself a cup. It was sheer relief to lean against the counter and sip it slowly, feeling the heat chase away some of the aches in his muscles. Eventually he felt motivated enough to make some toast for himself. No chance of having Sherlock assume his normal breakfast duties, but John was willing to let it pass given the events of the previous day.
But John had looked up the British army and Afghanistan – where John Watson had been stationed – and he'd seen the look on his friend's face.
"It could be yours," Donovan agreed. "It's a start. And you remembered the snow and lights. You just need to give it time to come back."
They settled down and John slathered on some sunscreen before passing the bottle to Sherlock to do his back. The detective worked in the ointment with long, deep strokes that were more a massage than anything. John let himself relax with a small smile. When Sherlock was finished, he took a moment to slather the exposed parts of his skin, then put the bottle aside on the table between their lounge chairs and settled back into the one John had claimed for his own. Sherlock spread his legs and John shuffled back between them, leaning his back against Sherlock's chest. He smiled when he thought about how this was fairly close to how they normally slept, chest-to-back. Sherlock wound his arms around John's shoulders and the doctor enjoyed the twin sensations of light cotton and cool skin against his own bare skin. He slouched down a bit, just enough so that Sherlock could comfortably rest his chin on the top of John's head. John settled his hands on his stomach and Sherlock dropped his arms enough to interlace their fingers.
Privately, John knew that was a little unfair; Sherlock had always been fantastic with David and had adapted to Olivia's exuberant personality by going along wherever her enthusiasm and energy led him.
John coated his hands, before sliding his right hand up Sherlock’s spine to his neck to pull him into another kiss, letting his left hand drift down to tease and fondle Sherlock’s balls. Sherlock made an impatient sound into their kiss, the sound sending John’s blood south. His partner shifted closer, and John took the hint, wrapping his slicked hand around Sherlock’s cock, stroking slowly.
John felt his stomach sink even though the pronouncement wasn't a surprise. Sherlock had been bleeding far too much for the doctor in John to expect anything else, but the rest of him rebelled at the idea.
"Look familiar at all?" John asked. Doe looked back down at the photos, scanning back to the beginning.
"He's just going to pull the blanket down enough for you to get your arm free," John said, giving Sherlock instructions as much as he was giving Sam details. "He's going to put his hand on your wrist but that's all. Only for half a minute."
Sandra hadn't thought about that – she hadn't really given much thought to how Sam saw this affecting her. He'd apologized to her once but she hadn't stopped to consider that he was really feeling guilty and upset, that he may want to change this not just for himself, but for her as well. The thought shocked her and she stared at her coffee before sipping it mechanically, barely aware of the taste.
A raised hand stilled any further questions; Sherlock could feel them poised on John's lips, a light pressure in the air around them, as if unvoiced words had a weight of their own.
Bridget gave him a thoughtful look over the rim of her teacup as she took another sip. John took a deep breath, held it, and let it out slowly, forcing himself not to react anymore than that.
"And I'm still me," John replied. "And you're not exactly open and communicative when you're upset, you know. You sulk and refuse to talk. So what else should I do, Sherlock? Try and talk to you when you won't answer? I might as well be talking to the walls when you get like that! You can leave without going anywhere just by sulking and not talking to me! I like to get some space to think about things! What's wrong with that?"
"You assume I meant Riley," he commented and John opened his mouth to retort, finding his voice lost – he
"But I– I remember you firing twice. I can hear it. It was– I remember him getting hit. Just the sensation of jerking backwards."
Jennifer O'Haughan was Jim's mysterious girl – or at least, she was the most likely candidate. Irene was fully willing to admit they were wrong on that front, but to have connected such a crucial thread in Jim's intricate web without having found the right person would be a coincidence so large it beggared belief.
"If you need anything, call me," John continued, heading for the door. "In the meantime, just stay with him. Take his pulse again in about ten minutes. Don't give him anything to eat or drink until I'm back, even if he asks for it."
With a quiet sigh, he tucked the phone back into his breast pocket beneath the forensics suit, zipping back up conscientiously. It wasn't him contaminating the crime scene that worried him, but the crime scene contaminating him. He'd had enough cause to be grateful for the hooded suit already, damp as it was down here, and he had no desire to ruin his shirt.
John hesitated again, biting his lower lip in his indecisive, pensive way. Sherlock waited patiently then John sighed.
He could taste it, hot and bitter, tempered by sugar and just a bit of milk, the perfect balance in the morning. He flexed his left fingers against the cup; it wasn't that he felt but metal, smoother, warmer. A travel mug, chipped black paint with – something on it. An image, an insignia, he couldn't tell. He could feel himself drinking it, standing up, looking down at a newspaper. The location faded into the background, not because it was unfamiliar because he knew it too well.
"I'm good," he said. "Sarah, this is Tricia Remsen, we served together in Afghanistan. Tee, this is Sarah Sawyer."
"Good morning," John said lightly, no hint of the displeasure in his voice, where David and Olivia might pick it up.
The exhilaration of taking so little and turning it into something. A puzzle that had so few pieces no one else would even recognize it as such. A game, one in which the players might not even know they were being played.
But at least Sherlock consented to eat first. They settled on the divan on the balcony that overlooked the Mediterranean. The villa was secluded, just outside of town and well sheltered from their nearest neighbours. They were on the second storey and the family wing of the house was utterly unoccupied at the moment. They had total privacy, which John appreciated. He knew from experience how comfortable the divan was and there was something about being outside but unseen with the smell of the salt air on the breeze that he particularly enjoyed.
Had Sherlock been in France, he could have chased down these fragile leads, spoken to people, picked up on all the poorly concealed hints and tells that were better than lighted signs would have been. He could have found a hidden trail and followed it through the city's streets and alleys and hidden places.
"In 2009, six men were shot in Northern Ireland near the Massareene Barracks. Four of them British army soldiers. Two of them died."
. Whatever Mycroft had lost probably wasn't inconsequential – but neither was it important enough to him to have noticed, not immediately, and Sherlock knew full well his brother still hadn't identified the information.
"I'm fine," Sherlock snapped, aware that the tone of his voice indicated otherwise – he wasn't given to that kind of impatience, particularly not toward Gabriel.
Something started to smell. He looked down and realized he was standing in front of the stove, stirring the pot of soup he'd been making for himself. His thoughts had run away on him and he'd just stood there, absently shifting the wooden spoon back and forth, until all of the broth had boiled away and the pot was gently smoking. With a muttered curse, John turned off the gas and pulled the pot away from the element, tossing the spoon in the sink. Any other time, this would have earned a question from Sherlock as to his well being, but John could see him at the desk, intent on some stack of files.
He was aware of Bridget's gaze alternating between them, but she was mercifully silent, impatience kept in check.
, he thought, but years in the army had taught him to detect the difference between human and animal noises, and this had a distinct – and worrying – human quality to it. Like footsteps on creaking metal stairs.
When the sensation that had driven him from the flat eased, he settled at a café, ordering himself a tea and something small to eat, and pulled up a book on his phone. The sun was warm enough to offset the cool breeze, and the quiet murmur of voices and traffic faded into a pleasant background hum as he read. The moment of relaxation was so perfect that John wasn’t the least bit surprised when his phone buzzed, showing Sherlock’s number and breaking the peaceful silence.
"You were right – it's amazing. I'm afraid to tell anyone; it'll be overrun by police officers if I let it slip."
He wouldn't risk it. Not John. They'd already come too close too many times. There had been gaps he hadn't seen and John's safety had slipped through them.
Marian had told their mother what was happening but had also insisted she wait until Sam called her before visiting. Sam appreciated that – he couldn't stand to see the pain in her eyes because it was compounded by guilt. She thought she was supposed to be able to protect him, her baby. He hated seeing her hurt because of him.
John was still for another moment but then looked back at him. The faint shift of fabric made Sherlock open his eyes and meet his husband's gaze again. He swallowed, acutely aware that he did not know what John would do. He despised that sensation – it was rare, but Sherlock never failed to dislike the times it occurred when it was accompanied by some unpleasant prospect.
"How did–" Molly started, making an aborted gesture to the body on the stretcher. "How do you know–"
Sherlock looking triumphant, John laughing at something one of the witnesses had said. It had sat there since they'd received it from the photographer, and even Sherlock had sometimes remembered to dust it, a clear sign of what it meant to him.
"No, no, him, the one with the gun! That's Sherlock Holmes! Remember, he was on the ward in January? He was, um, in some vehicle pile up."
"Sherlock!" he shouted, partly to drown out the panic rising in his throat as he tried to pick up the detective's trail. "Sherlock!"
He pushed himself to his feet, walking instinctively toward his violin before stopping short, tensing his muscles as he hauled himself back, eyes darting to the closed bedroom door. John was asleep. In the nearly seven years they'd been together, it had always been difficult to resist playing when John slept, sometimes more so than others. Now it seemed like sheer effort to distance himself from his instrument but, at the same time, part of him suddenly realized he could not stand to open it and see the small brass plaque with its heartfelt engraving from John.
' system left him not much wiser than he had been before he'd accessed all their information. There was no crime scene – the hired vehicle Georges had been using had vanished, along with its driver. Some very unlucky junior officer was now tasked with scouring traffic cameras, trying to catch one car in a city of millions, but without knowing the route, the possibilities were almost endless.
"I know you're trying," John said, crouching down beside the sofa where Sherlock was curled on his side, half-hidden beneath the blankets, his hair a dark smear against the white pillowcases and his pale skin. John ran a hand into his husband's damp curls and Sherlock closed his eyes. He hadn't lost the circles rimming his eyes – if anything, they were deeper, almost purple, like he'd been bruised. "But you don't have to drink something you can't stand for me. It won't help. I'll let it go flat and make you some tea in the meantime."
"Sorry," John said again, resenting the flare of regret, and turned away, retracing his steps back to the ground floor – to Sherlock – as fast as he could without breaking his neck.
They wouldn’t be there, he knew. He’d memorized Sherlock’s body ages ago – any scars his partner had were small, the result of insignificant, everyday events.
Something about her tone caught John's attention – he couldn't put his finger on it, but it felt like a penny had dropped, a missing piece slotting into place from a puzzle he hadn't even known existed.
"Yesterday," Marian said. He looked up to see her beaming at him, her hazel eyes bright with pride. She and her partner, Peter, had tried for years to have a baby and had eventually given up, resigning themselves to the fact that they could not. That had been two years ago. Five months ago, Sam had been almost as stunned as his sister to find out that she was expecting.
Then he'd crawled into bed and curled up, hoping for sleep. He rarely used sleep as a release, even after his mother had died, because it was just as likely as not that he'd dream of her. This time, he wanted to forget everything and considered getting drunk but realized that would only make things worse if John came home.
"Sherlock!" John admonished, casting an apologetic glance at Molly, who looked embarrassed. It was true, but he wished Sherlock had learned enough tact not to say it.
He sighed and tightened the belt on his trousers so that they at least rested somewhat more comfortably on his hips. He looked away from his reflection then, toward the bed, and felt a stab of discomfort. What would John think of him naked? Yes, John had seen him without clothing in order to help him bathe, but that had been for practical medical purposes. John was a doctor – he was good at disassociating himself from his patients. Sherlock ignored the knowledge that John was less inclined to separate himself from Sherlock when taking care of him medically. He'd been ill and John had been tending to him. That was all there had been to it.
her killer! And now I have the chance to do so, to capture a man who has at last known count murdered thirty-one people, thirty of those within the last week and a half. For a decade you knew nothing about him until I got involved."
Sam sat on his couch, absently scratching the dog behind her ears. He wondered if she could pick up on his inner monologue through some subtle shift in his scent or movements. But she seemed content to be there, wagging her tail happily, grinning a doggy grin.
Perhaps he could text John now and ask the doctor to come in. It was late – late enough that there would be few people around to notice John joining him in his office. Tina was still here – there was a cold cup of tea sitting on his desk, and she wouldn’t have left before replacing it if he’d still been away in his mind – but he hardly cared about being discreet in front of her. She’d caught them in nearly compromising positions more than once, and it was hardly a secret that he and John were having sex.
Of course, if she did that, she'd probably return the favour by leaving him with the bulk of the paperwork she was currently immersed in.
“Come on,” he murmured, lacing his fingers through Sherlock’s, leading his partner into their bathroom, where John stripped out of the clothes he’d slept in, kicking them aside. He adjusted the water to a comfortable temperature and tugged on Sherlock’s hand lightly, guiding his partner into the shower.
"Chief financial officer, experienced mountaineer, father of three adult children?" she asked, just to be sure.
Sam's frown twitched and deepened. Something about nightmares tugged at his memory – had he had one? If so, it would explain the sleeping pill he must have taken. It was the only reason he'd feel so dehydrated and lethargic. But that would mean he'd have taken it yesterday evening and why would he have had a nightmare then?
"This man looks like you," his niece asserted confidently. This wasn't much of a surprise, although it still caught him slightly off guard. Sherlock had started developing Josephine's observational skills at a very young age, and John knew that Tricia both encouraged this and participated in it. As a former soldier, she was adept at observing her own surroundings. As a doctor, she was used to reading people for clues as to their symptoms and ailments. John often thought this was why both of them – him to a greater extent, of course – could keep up with Sherlock somewhat. Although John knew that both he and Tricia combined on their absolute best of days would never match Sherlock on a normal day.
There was no one to stop John this time; he kicked the door back open and scrambled out, pushing past Donovan, ignoring the jolt of pain in his shoulder as she tried instinctively to hold him back. The boot was popped open; John buried his hand in his sleeve and pushed it up.
"You'd be surprised how many families I see that don't have that. How many relationships fall apart when the chips are down. People realize they don't want to support someone who's going to need a lot of time and energy to recover fully. It's a terrible thing to watch, believe me. But you and John – you hung on. For each other."
"Yes!" Sherlock retorted. "Yes, I have, John! I spent twenty minutes looking at myself in the mirror before deciding that I would be better off not leaving the flat! I look like– I look repulsive."
"So far as we know," Sherlock muttered in agreement, stalking around his desk to throw his long frame onto the sofa across from her. "Therein lies the problem."
"Of course," he replied and his voice sounded taut and raw, and John could hear the strength he was trying put into it. He felt a flash of guilt but it dissipated quickly; it wouldn't help matters to force himself to do something he didn't want to do, and Sherlock would have figured it out. And if he hadn't figured out until it was too late, he never would have forgiven John. They didn't need any more resentment going around.
possible to outwit Sherlock Holmes. Irene didn’t flatter herself that she was the only person able to do it – she was among the very few, but the sheer number of people on the planet made it likely there were others.
John accepted the same equipment from the sergeant, as well as two pairs of safety goggles. He put on his own, then picked his way with care to where Sherlock was labouring with a small team of rescue workers. He didn't even glance up when John arrived, but scowled and tried to swat John's hands away when John attempted to put the glasses on his face.
John helped Sherlock get comfortable again and fed him a couple of more ice chips before the detective's eyes dropped shut, his body relaxing against the mattress. John let out a slow breath, the momentary relief dissipating when Sherlock screwed up his features, forcing his eyes back open.
That didn't help, only made him remember Sherlock in Mycroft's office earlier that day – yesterday now – thumbs digging into John's tense palms. His left hand shook, the intermittent tremor that had kept him from re-qualifying as a surgeon brought on by the impotent fury and the smoke he'd inhaled.
before the creak of the ground floor flat's door opening drew him back to reality. Mrs. Hudson bustled out, and John couldn't fight back a smile. After a long day at the surgery, it was nice to see a familiar face, and judging by her expression, it had been a good day at Baker Street.
John nodded, glad to hear that. Her hip gave her more grief when the weather was colder, and the years had made it worse, too. He didn't like to think of her alone in her flat on a ladder or a chair. If she fell, it was unlikely that either he or Sherlock would hear it – if they were even home.
But not tonight, she decided, locking the office door behind her as she left. Better to let it simmer awhile, for the doubt to work itself into something substantial. In the meantime, the was a very appealing happy hour with some half-priced cocktails and some decent company just waiting for her to arrive.
Realization cut through him like a knife; without even wanting it, he was on his feet, plucking the card from the mantle, flipping it over between his thumb and forefinger to read the rest of the message on the back.
"I'm very concerned," Sherlock drawled in a tone that completely belied his words. "What if he finds himself attracted to you?"
"Probably a lot of things," Hassard snapped. "You don't get to find out, not today. Back we go." She herded them in front of her this time, John's lips twitching at the scowl on Sherlock's face.
"Of course I'm sure, when have you ever known me not to be? Good night, Mycroft. Do try and get some sleep. It will do you a world of good."
They finished eating and put their plates aside, lingering over their wine. When John drained the last sip from his glass, the sun was slipping beneath the western horizon, turning the sea and the curve of land that joined it the horizon a deep crimson. Sherlock set his glass down then, even though he hadn't finished it. John pulled the light blanket from the back of the divan and spread it over them – they might have privacy, but he still liked having a bit of cover. And with the sun disappearing, it would get chilly enough, even by their London standards.
," he spat. "That's just fucking brilliant, Sherlock! So she's not just giving you drugs, she's giving you drugs she uses on her dominatrix clients? What's next – have you–"
His memory was still fragmented, mostly not there, and what he did remember tended to be small bits of information, inconsequential things.
But even if he'd removed everyone else who routinely accessed the building, and even if he'd somehow slipped Cheryl's remote observation, he would still not be alone.
"Information on William McKinney," she replied and John let out a slow sigh, sinking back against the couch cushions. Part of him kept expecting the worst, even though Mycroft's condition had been good for someone who had survived a bomb blast and the surgeries he'd required were expected and relatively minor.
It would have been easier if John had been able to tuck the actual map away in his coat pocket – but surrounded by a police officers, that would have been a tricky task at the best of times, not to mention the map's size or how he was hindered by his injured arm. He'd taken pictures, though, and plugged his phone into his laptop, letting them see the photographs more clearly.
"Yes, that's it," Sherlock said vaguely without looking back. John walked over to it and picked it up carefully. The paper itself was familiar, that same parchment-coloured stationery on which he'd been sending letters the last ten years.
"I'm not a figure of public trust," Sherlock said with a slight shrug. "I sell extraordinarily expensive real estate to extraordinarily wealthy clients. Oh it would be a story if I were arrested, yes, but not that interesting of one. Not in the greater scheme of things."
Sherlock waited for John to chime in with an 'I told you so' but the mental voice was mercifully silent this time.
A well-considered position was always a position of power, and he had no desire to be caught floundering or to simply see where circumstances took him. Far better to be the one directing those circumstances. It was much more likely to end agreeably for him.
But he'd seen Sherlock pour everything he had into a case just to see it solved – in the end, did it matter if he was doing it for the thrill and the triumph? He helped regardless. He could have done anything. And he chose to do this.
"You spent an hour trying to wash it out before I came home. We're just spent another… forty minutes on it. It's not going
Not because of the obvious severity – he’d been a doctor in the army, after all. He knew something about the depravity people could sink to, sometimes all too easily. He’d seen it once or twice, but always as a surgeon, someone who had the immediate and pressing charge of repairing a battered body, but not the responsibility of piecing a broken mind back together.
have children. I was wrong– we were all wrong. We thought if we found the man behind him, we'd have all the information we need, all the details. But McKinney hired him, John! Gave him the orders. He told our killer
John felt himself flush at the sudden realization, blushing more at the ridiculousness of the whole thing. Sherlock was a grown man
Baffled, John managed to put his drink aside and stood, casting a questioning glance at Irene, whose expression told him she had no more answers than he did.
“I think it’s a bloody brilliant idea,” John said, catching the edge in his voice, unable to dampen it. “Let’s go home.”
John thought of the notes Sherlock had left scattered about the day before their anniversary, all the memories they contained. It opened a flood – things Sherlock hadn't written down, good and bad. His expression seeing John step out of the cubicle at The Pool. The look of concentration on his face when he'd put John's wedding ring on his hand for the first time – here in the flat, to see if it fit. Holding him the darkness the first time he'd cried over his mother's death. Being held after Harry had died. The look of bliss on his face the first time John had stumbled on the thumb-on-the-back-of-the-head trick. The way he'd taught John's body to trust him their first night together as partners. The way John had instinctively trusted him from the first moment they'd met. Years of smiles, unexpected laughter, hugs, stolen kisses, simple touches.
"I don't–" Sherlock began, feeling slightly adrift in the good-natured argument over fruit, and having had no intentions of consuming anything more than a cup of coffee before fleeing for the relative safety of his office.
He waited until his partner was almost ready go to, lacing up bespoke Italian leather shoes in the entryway to their flat, before pouncing.
"Yes, but what? And where? The building were Douglas worked has a very efficient environmental system."
"That's going to prove difficult," Mycroft said, the edge in his voice cold, cautionary. "He's missing."
John retreated quickly to the relative safety of the kitchen. The conversation obviously wasn't meant for him – the fact that it was in French was enough to keep him out of it. Sherlock responded to Veronique's diatribe in French and John tried not to shudder when he heard the detective's normally deep voice drop another notch and take on a rumble, a voice John normally only ever heard in the bedroom.
Well, he'd change then text his errant husband to find out where he was. The promise of mid-afternoon sex would probably be enough to bring him back unless he was on a case.
"Yes!" Sherlock snapped, and the agreement sent a flare of irritation through John, because it could mean more argument. "But it was about
"An easy mark, thought it was going to be a theft. Someone promised him a cut of the profits – 'course there weren't any, but he insists he didn't know that. Had no idea the target was Douglas, was just chatted up by a woman in a pub."
But John suspected Mary would take this much more personally. She didn't know Alexandre, but Bridget was one of hers.
he sent via text, then went back to studying the map as he waited for a reply. Since the majority of the reports came from Southwark, John knew it was most likely Doe lived in the area.
It gave the impression of vast, echoing space, even though the pipes that ran above them and along one side were not very far removed from the mud-smeared concrete floor. Silence wasn't really silence, punctuated by breathing, by the sounds of people working filtering down from the parking garage at the top of the old metal staircase, by the dripping of water here and there that somehow didn't seem forlorn.
He pushed Sherlock onto his back again, the cage of legs making it hard to move. John thrust as hard as he could, coming with a groan that was lost in a messy, inelegant kiss. Sherlock shuddered again, legs tightening almost convulsively, pushing John further in. He tried to brace himself on shaking arms, gave up, and collapsed onto his husband's chest, half lost to the sensation of clumsy lips against his cheek, his eyes, his jaw.
John watched Sherlock carefully, wondering what he'd do. He was half afraid the detective would startle the older man awake – if he was really the one behind this, John had no pity for him, but what if it were a coincidence and he'd just happened to be talking to someone he knew who owned a prepaid mobile? It wasn't like their killer had a monopoly on those. Maybe he
"Oh, the case, yes. I 'ave readers who like to send me little mysteries, and sometimes claim the stories 'ave 'appened to them – or to someone they know, perhaps a friend or a distant family member, never serious of course. Many of them are amusing and nothing more, but some of them are quite creative and detailed. I'm sure it 'appens to you all the time – false cases to get your attention… although perhaps they do not always get you to
Those who came to Irene through channels other than Sherlock's business were easier to manage. There were no competing interests to juggle, no need to make sure they were satisfied on more than one level.
Sherlock managed to glance over his shoulder at John, startled to realise for the first time that John was in search-and-rescue gear, partly hidden by his hardhat and his safety goggles.
He wasn't sure what he'd expected, but the staircase up to his flat looked exactly the same. John raised his eyes to the flat door above and just stared at it for a long moment. He had no idea what was behind it – was Sherlock even home? Was he out trying to apprehend the killer? What would the flat look like? He needed to brace himself for a messy and empty flat. As much as he wanted Sherlock to miraculously understand what he needed, John knew that was unlikely. He'd have to stand up for himself. He didn't do enough of that, not when it really counted.
"I don't–" Catching on the pain, swallowing, wincing. Curling forward– trying, being held up, held back.
John sighed harshly, flexing his hands into fists again before forcing himself to release them and meet Sherlock’s gaze squarely.
He would have considered moving back up to his old room – temporarily, just to give them each a break – only he knew precisely how that would be interpreted after the revelation about Irene Adler. He still wasn't thrilled about that, but three days alone in the wilderness thinking Sherlock was dead was enough to offset at least some of the anger.
John himself had found the letter intriguing back when Sherlock had first opened it and declared it boring and pointless, but he also knew when not to push it.
"'Dear Mr. Holmes, I'm so sorry to trouble you, but perhaps you could help with a matter I've never been able to resolve. Some years ago, a precious gemstone of mine went missing, and no amount of investigation has been able to trace its whereabouts. I realize that, after all this time, it's unlikely to be found, but it was very dear, and if anyone could find it, I believe it would be you. Yours,' et cetera, et cetera."
, John thought. Sherlock, at least, could make his own tea or coffee – quite expertly, too – and John had to admit that his partner was rather proficient in the kitchen when he got it in his head to be.
They were upstairs – the realization registered for the first time. He was in his chair, not sat on a step. Sherlock scoured his memory, but there was nothing between being downstairs, in the hall, and being up here. No recollection of John on the phone, only that black, suffocating certainty that he'd lost control. That he'd never had it in the first place.
Where did the stories fit in? The nursery rhymes from this time and last, the fairy tales, even the legend of the Greyfriar's Bobby. In Edinburgh the stories had led them places – but not all of them. Was this ridiculous rhyme supposed to lead him somewhere now?
"We're almost there," Bridget said, and John wondered if she really knew – and how – or if she was saying it to keep them going. "John, there are police outside by now. I'm going to get someone and bring them back to help. The two of you need to keep going. Understand?"
John was subjected to a puzzled look when he took the seat at the desk across from Sherlock. He returned it with an expectant one of his own, eyebrows raised.
Well, he didn't. Because they were going to kill him. But blaming Sherlock for that was not only wrong, it was stupid.
The harsh, protracted moment before he'd been able to curl his hands into the heavy fabric of Sherlock's coat, half certain the illusion would vanish like mist, leaving him with nothing.
Mary watched the door close behind Gabriel Mitchell and waited the requisite few minutes until John was ready before sending the next patient in.
was going to happen right now. They didn't have time before the Skype date he'd arranged with Tricia for Josephine's birthday. It would be easier to talk to her today; Tricia had had a small birthday party for her the day before, on the ninth, and John was sure that his niece would have been exhausted and overdosed on sugar. Today was her actual birthday and he felt badly for missing it, but he also knew this was more important. And there would be other birthdays.
"John!" Sherlock shouted at him as John slipped into the cab and shut the door with a hard click. "John!"
He lay that way for a long time then raised his head again to check the clock. Opening his eyes made him feel raw and dry and moving made him ache.
"We'll do what we can," she said. "Give him a new identity – that won't be hard, since he doesn't remember his old one. It's much easier for us to keep an eye on him if he's in a hospital in Dublin, and hopefully we can get one step ahead of the people who know he's here."
With an amused sigh, John padded across the living room, leaning over Sherlock's shoulder and receiving a puzzled look when he wrinkled his nose.
They had been extraordinarily lucky. A wrong step, bad weather, more serious injuries… Sherlock was no stranger to skirting death – he'd thrown himself off a building, plan or no plan – but that… A situation beyond his experience. Beyond Lestrade's. Not entirely beyond John's, but John had been alone.
It had been a long time since John had had to lift someone bodily over his shoulders; he'd been sure he'd left that behind in Afghanistan, particularly when taking a job as a private doctor for a private company in the heart of London.
Alexandre surprised her somewhat – apparently he knew some of the staff here, given the greetings he received. The staff were trained to be gracious and welcoming, but there was something a touch more personal to how they greeted her brother.
John kissed his way back up Sherlock's body, pushing Sherlock's arms up to kneel on either side of his torso. His brown eyes were nearly black, fixing on Sherlock expectantly. Sherlock managed to shuffle down enough to satisfy John, dropping his arms to run his hands up and down his partner's thighs, feeling the restraint there, and the need.
"They kept him, but not her," she commented, thinking out loud rather than in need of conversation, but Katherine nodded.
would be easy, as they do fall under the purview of the government. Someone with similar reach and influence, but without those pesky dictates such as procedures and rules."
Sherlock grinned. John rolled his eyes and took a swig of his beer before sighing and relaxing into his chair.
He shuddered slightly when fingertips trailed up his spine, the sensation just palpable through his clothing. John's other hand came around, undoing the buttons on his suit jacket, before both hands skimmed to Sherlock's shoulders, pulling the jacket off in one smooth motion.
"I know," John replied. "Get some rest. I'll see you again tomorrow afternoon." He doubted the other man had heard the last sentence – he'd closed his good eye and his body had relaxed as his breathing had slowed, all before John had finished talking. He waited a couple minutes to make sure Doe stayed asleep and that the coughing fit didn't return, then gathered his jacket and went home.
He ordered them some food and a bottle of champagne, refusing to be put off by a sulk that had no serious bite to it. It would have been better if there had been a case; Sherlock didn't do well with that kind of disappointment, and it probably irked him not to be at home where he could tear up the flat or throw himself on the sofa like a proper drama queen.
"No– I mean of course you have, but it's not that," Molly replied, looking back up at him, brown eyes bright with reluctance. "It's, um– I'm sorry, John, but Sherlock's brother made me promise I'd tell him if you came down to see it. Her."
Or at least he did. For all the damage Mary had inflicted on Sherlock, the detective was irritatingly blasé about her. John knew full well that Mycroft kept a sharp eye on them, much to Sherlock's dissatisfaction, but he couldn't shake the knowledge that she'd fooled Mycroft for months and had eluded all attempts to find her.
"Ma'am," the voice of her constable said on the other end of the line. "John thinks he's remembered a name."
been there – pain or no pain, Sherlock knew that. A mind trained over a lifetime to observe and catalogue didn't stop in the face of distractions (
"Habit from the army," he continued, grey eyes narrowing slightly at the smile that tugged on John's lips. "As is the preference not to sleep with your back to the door. This, however, won't work if you're on 'your' side, as you call it, because of the high probability the pillows would fall to the floor."
He made Sherlock eat; left to his own devices, Sherlock would opt only for a cup of coffee until midday and the doctor in John disapproved strenuously. He could at least get a couple pieces of toast and some fruit into his partner before Sherlock got annoyed with trivial human necessities, and today there was a slightly sheepish, slightly begrudging air to the way Sherlock ate.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the tedious accusation – Irene was hardly a dealer, after all, let alone
His husband had either been given or appropriated a hardhat, a high visibility vest and a pair of work gloves and was already knee-deep in the debris, his face and arms smeared with dust and sweat. The fact that he was kitted out told John how bad this was – he hadn't even bothered to argue, just taken the gear and put himself to work.
"If you're bored, there's plenty that needs to be done around the flat. Cooking, cleaning, getting out the Christmas decorations." With each item, Sherlock scoffed. He hooked his two big toes together and shot John another glare. John sat down and shifted using a bit more elbow than necessary to stretch out over his recumbent husband; Sherlock hissed and grumbled but wound his arms round the doctor's waist, his fingers interlacing on John's stomach.
Sherlock slid the ring from the gold chain and put it on his finger. It went on far too easily and was loose. If he wore it now, there was a good chance he could lose it in the shower or while washing his hands. It was unlikely to come off on his dry skin but he did not want to risk it.
She and Gabriel kept him pinned a moment longer then rose in unison, as if they'd planned it. Sherlock stayed seated, watching them with feigned equanimity as they made their way to the door, unsurprised when Gabriel lingered, closing them in again. His second crossed the room, gripping the back of the chair that faced Sherlock's desk, leaning in slightly.
"How long till Friday?" Josephine asked and John refocused. She was looking at Sherlock, of course – she'd come to expect far more accurate counts from him than from John.
"You've been staring at the same sentence for eight minutes." Sherlock's voice cut through John's thoughts and the doctor felt his spine tense, drawing his shoulders together slightly. He sighed and glanced back.
"I love you," Sam said, forcing the words out, not because they were difficult to say, but because he was not in a mood to feel generous about anything.
"You sure?" John asked. The brief, irritated look made him smile, and he kissed away the annoyance. He let his hand trail upward again, keeping the motions slow enough to let Sherlock adjust, but light enough that it didn't encourage too much relaxation. It felt like a minor victory when Sherlock spread his legs slightly, giving John better access.
"Back to Baker Street," Sherlock ordered. "Your contacts won't be as useful as a dead man will be right now."
He lay still, wondering why he felt so peculiar. He was stiff, as if he'd been sleeping in the same position too long. He was on his left side, knees drawn up somewhat, hands folded in front of his chest. Sandra was sleeping on her back, her blond hair a splash of contrasting lightness against the dark colours in the dimness, her face turned slightly away from him, her breathing deep and rhythmic. Her right arm was stretched toward him, her hand resting on his pillow palm up, as if she'd been touching him before falling asleep. Or in her sleep.
He felt Sherlock nod against him and wondered briefly how long it had taken the detective to spot that. As John watched, Riley climbed into his van and drove away, the video ending almost as he was out of the frame. John didn't hesitate, but opened the next video file Mycroft had included.
Jim had always been an unstable element. Containing him had made him more predictable, but not in the ways that would matter here. And madness like his couldn’t ever really be entirely directed.
"To see Irene." Sherlock grimaced slightly, not entirely annoyed, when John pinched a nipple quickly.
I'm not genius (Sherlock will be the first to agree) but it wasn't too hard to put the pieces together. When he freed up an arm to hold the pillows down over his head, it was bare, so he was naked (sorry), which meant he'd come straight up here from the shower, which meant I caught him in the act of whatever he was trying to cover up when I came home.
