Sherlock seemed to love going down on John the most though.  Loved that he could take him right to the base without choking or gagging, never having to worry about that.  John loved being able to fuck his mouth, relishing the tight wet heat of it.    Sherlock said he also liked bottoming, as it didn’t take much prep and John hit his prostrate perfectly.  But they didn’t do it that often.
John felt his mouth go dry.  Aroused, but also nervous.  Sherlock obviously wanting more than just an intense make-out session.  “Yes, of course.”
John nodded.  “And I lost touch with my sister for so many years.  But we’ve been able to develop a real relationship now, despite our troubled pasts.”
He could only smile weakly, resting a hand along Sherlock’s cheek.  “It was so, so good.  Perfect.  I feel fine.”
Sherlock smirked up at him, very pleased at John’s reactions.  His experiment was going well so far.
John ran a soothing hand down his sweat-damp back, Sherlock curling up into his touch like a cat.  He loved seeing Sherlock in this state.  So aroused and responsive, totally focused on the moment and the sensations John was immersing him in.
The comment had Sherlock locking eyes with his brother.  Mycroft had only been shown the main floor of the main section of the house, not his private wing.  How had he found out about that?  He knew the staff wouldn’t talk about him, they were too loyal and professional.  There was only one way Mycroft could know about it.
The sun had just set, and the lanterns along the path helped guide them as they walked in the deepening twilight.  Sherlock walked fast, in the lead, knowing Mycroft was close behind him.  They got to his favourite bench, and Sherlock took comfort from the memories of better days here, with John.  They had the rest of their lives together to make more.  That thought helped him turn and face his brother, mentally braced for the worst.
“Anytime,” John said, and meant it.  He was still working through his emotions over everything that had happened, but his anger towards Sherlock was gone.  He could see that part more clearly, at least.
“I like that.  Let her ease into the idea.  Let us get used to it too,” John replied, feeling some of his earlier stress fading.
An older couple shuffled into the room, and all three men rose to greet them.  John dropped Sherlock’s hand and took a step back.  Sherlock was the focus here.
John hugged him.  The election would be the first that many working class men would be able to vote.  It meant a lot to him, that the hard working people like him finally had a chance at representation, not just the upper crust.
Polite exchanges were bandied about as the tea was brought in and poured.  The tea was a comfort, but John could still sense Sherlock’s tension.  Unable to hold his hand now, he settled for discreetly pressing his leg along Sherlock’s.
Reaching out, John brushed some snow from his cheek.  Sherlock’s breath caught at the light touch, and he closed his eyes.  John slid his hand into his hair, holding him in place as he leaned in for a kiss.
Sherlock agreed, but John could see he was a little tense.  It was harder to lie back and be the passive partner sometimes, giving up control.  John felt honoured that Sherlock felt comfortable enough to allow him to do this.  He had been wanting to touch Sherlock forever too.
John took a deep breath, calming that urge, and slowly turned his hand, rocking it from side to side.  It moved within Sherlock’s well-lubed ass, pressing against his prostrate, bringing out more shudders of pleasure and a bit of a keening moan.
“Perhaps you could go to this dinner with that in mind.  Find out more what Mycroft wants you to do, but make no promises.  He will want to stay on your good side-“
Both John and Sherlock looked away, shifting uncomfortably.  She just chuckled, picking up her recycling and stepping out of the door.
By the time they got to Baker St after New Years, John was feeling excited yet a bit scared.  “So, are we doing this?  Taking this next step in our relationship?”
Sherlock knew he had won then, and his kiss was deep and thorough.  Despite the heat, they couldn’t keep from pressing together.
Sherlock carefully locked his bedroom door behind them, an extra bit of security for John’s piece of mind.  He stalked forward, his gaze intent, and John marvelled at seeing him like this.  A man he’d always thought of as asexual.
The squawk of outrage and the sputtering as Sherlock shook his head and scraped the wet clinging snow from his hair and face had John turning to him.  His expressions went from distress and worry to amusement as the detective’s red, wet face emerged, his eyes firey.
Mycroft blinked at the question, and he got that same expression that always bothered Sherlock when they were boys.  A smirk with a gleam in his eyes that said he knew more than Sherlock did, and thought he had the upper hand.
He had learned the hard truth as a teenager, in those first intense make out sessions with girls from his school.  It had been in the years before the internet and the porn he had seen was mostly just pictures of naked women.  Things progressed to dry humping and eventually his zipper being undone.  It felt wonderful, a small hand wrapped around his hard dick, but then things seemed to grind to a halt.
“I didn’t see my parents much, growing up.  My brother is many years older than me, and went off to school,” Sherlock tapped his fingertips lightly against the brandy glass.
Sherlock closed his eyes tight, and his mouth opened.  John felt his balls contract, and watched, when seconds later, the ejaculate spurted out, splattering across Sherlock’s upper chest.  The next few shots weren’t quite as powerful, but still quite copious.
John relaxed into his own chair.  The tea hit the spot, quenching his thirst from all the shovelling.  It was a good workout, actually, and he rolled his shoulders, checking on how his weaker one was doing.  If anything, the frequent activity was making it stronger.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John said as he set his shovel to lean against the snowbank and moved towards his flatmate, one corner of his mouth struggling to break into a smirk.  “Are you OK?”
John leaned over Sherlock’s shoulder at the book, and in a swift movement, turned it a good thirty pages further and pointed to where he landed.
The cabin was small, with a cozy sitting room, a tiny kitchen area, two bedrooms, and a bathroom. John sighed, unzipped his jacket and hung it up on the hook behind the door, then plopped himself down onto the sofa in front of the fire.
“Sometimes I think I’m over it, y’know?” John asked slowly. “Like, that’ll be the last one, for sure. As if I have any say in the matter.” He shrugged, still not looking at Sherlock.
“Yeah, m’fine,” John slurred, despite knowing from the throbbing in his head and the ache in his ribs that was making itself known that he was almost definitely not fine.
“Because, John, Christmas is only one week away and I am not about to deal with crowds of last minute shoppers or be forced to stand in a queue listening to impatient huffing and wailing toddlers for three hours,” Sherlock said.
“I guess you can tell I’ve always had a passion for the job,” Greg said, clearly laughing at his past self.
“Yes it was. And he’s pissed. He tired us out on purpose, I swear. And I didn’t even start my homework yet, and it’s due tomorrow, and now you’re here and you looked so
The detective donned his usual all-knowing grin and delved into a lengthy explanation. John just sat back on his heels and listened intently; trying not to focus on the fact that whole room appeared to be covered in a Gaussian blur.
As soon as John closed his eyes and attempted to relax, Sherlock was back and tugging at the afghan that was tucked behind him, making him sit forward and grumble in frustration.
Sherlock was back at the kitchen table, scribbling frantically in a notebook and not acknowledging John in the slightest, just as he’d been doing the entire trip.
Christ, John missed him. Even when Sherlock was with him he seemed miles away. And John had tried at least a dozen times over the last few weeks to tell the man how he was feeling, but with Sherlock’s unusually busy schedule and John’s admittedly poor communication skills, it was virtually impossible.
’ to describe your current state. I’m beginning to doubt that you know the dictionary definition of the word.”
A few hours and one gingerbread laboratory later, John and Sherlock were sat at the table, surrounded by the aftermath of their baking disaster that they’d been much too lazy to properly tidy up.
John doesn't want to admit that he might need glasses. This got a little angstier than I thought, but I hope you like it!
Sherlock finally deigned to slow down and allow John to walk next to him, though he continued to look straight ahead as he walked.
Sherlock took the phone back and examined it suspiciously, but it didn’t take him long to figure out what John had done.
“Right, right,” Lestrade mumbled in disbelief. He got out his phone as quickly as he could and stepped out of the room.
“Yes, but how can I help them to…not happen?” Sherlock asked, suddenly sounding as if he were trying to work out a problem for a case. “What can I do to reassure you? I don’t know how to put into words how important you are to me, how extraordinary I think you are."
Sherlock was about to dial Lestrade and shout abuse just for the hell of it, when his phone vibrated with a message.
John grinned and shook his head in disbelief. “Yes, all right, I fell asleep in psych. But Christ, my professor is boring. He just drones on and on; I don’t know how people stand it.”
“Come on, Sherlock, where’s your Christmas spirit?” John teased as he rifled through the cupboard for the box of tea.
John was just about to nudge Sherlock and drop the hint that he was ready to leave when Greg took a large swig of his drink, reached forward and spun the bottle way faster than necessary, laughing at the way it spiraled out of control. Then after finally coming to a shaky stop, the bottle pointed right at John.
He was just starting to think about ways he could get himself back to sleep when he heard Sherlock’s footfalls on the stairs. Great, just what John needed, Sherlock seeing him with his hair soaked with sweat and probably looking like a frightened kitten.
“Maybe I should be the one apologizing, then,” he said. “I just left and didn’t even let you explain.”
The next time John emerged from the room, Sherlock was nowhere to be found. All of his books and plants were still sprawled across the table, but the man himself appeared to be missing. John checked his phone for a signal, but frowned when he didn’t find one.
“She’s dead about, I’d say, forty-eight hours?” He stated, moving his gloved hands around the back of her head. “Blunt force trauma to the head, definitely,” he finished.
“They wanted me to go to Oxford, get a big important job like he did, do big important things all day, but of course I didn’t want to. They’ve never really gotten over it.”
“Hang on,” John said, realization dawning on him, “it was him, wasn’t it? Him and his cronies, the ones who got you stupidly drunk that night.”
“Hang on a sec,” Lestrade said, shifting the folder to the other hand and looking at Sherlock with a bit more apprehension.
John looked down and worried the blanket between his fingers. “No, it’s not, is it? Do you even know why I was so angry with you earlier?”
John was running in an attempt to keep up with Sherlock’s impossibly long strides as he chased after their suspect. He thought that by now Sherlock would have known that John simply couldn’t run as fast as he could, but he supposed that once Sherlock had his focus locked down on something, he likely wasn’t thinking of much else.
He was squinting at what he thought was a bin, until that ‘bin’ became bigger and began to take on the shape of a person, who he bumped right into, making that at least the third time he’d stumbled into someone that night.
“No, no,” John said. He had to do this. Not only was keeping his shirt on during sex becoming more and more inconvenient, but the alternative of turning the lights off when he was with Sherlock only saddened him even more. He had made love in pitch darkness too many a time, and he couldn’t bear to do the same with Sherlock. “Right,” he continued, clearing his throat and unbuttoning the first button with shaky fingers. “And you promise you won’t be…disgusted? You won’t run away or, or—“
“Well, for one, perhaps you can take less shifts at your job. Maybe just one less shift a week, if that’s possible,” he suggested. “And I can help with your revision so you’ll get it done faster; lord only knows what horribly ineffective methods you’ve been using,” he joked, grinning when he felt John let out a soft chuckle. “And you only practice rugby when you absolutely need to. And you eat more.”
John’s head shot up to look at him. He was standing by the fireplace with his hands clasped behind his back, his eyes soft with understanding.
“Now, we’re going to count to ten. Are you ready?” Sherlock asked, and with his hand still kept on the side of John’s head, he felt him nod minutely.
Sherlock turned away from John and prodded the fire a bit more. He was silent for a moment before speaking rather softly.
It was a little while later that John noticed Sherlock get up off his chair out of the corner of his eye. He was vaguely aware of Sherlock moving about the room, shuffling papers, opening and closing a case of some kind.
“And…the cabbie. He was- he started driving the wrong way. I didn’t even notice at first ‘cause I was so out of my head. By the time I figured out how to form a sentence, we’d stopped in front of this disgusting house.”
When he entered the small, pastel-colored room, Sherlock took in the sight of Dr. Watson, fast asleep and hooked up to a few whirring machines. He stepped closer to the cot, biting his lip in impatience. He stared at the man, as if he could mentally will him to wake up. Knowing that he couldn’t, and that the fingerprints were being taken care of at the lab, he pulled up a chair and sat himself down.
Lestrade backed up a bit, open-mouthed with his hands on his hips. Sherlock leaned John up against the wall and placed his hand over his face, checking quickly for fever, and then moving his fingers to his neck to take his pulse.
After a few more feeble attempts to keep his eyes open, John gave in and closed them, resting his head back on his chair. He was asleep within minutes. And when he awoke the next morning, he found that he had slept soundly through the night, and couldn’t recall having a single nightmare.
When he heard him clamber down the steps and close the front door, he turned over to the empty but still warm space next to him.
John sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Sherlock, you don’t have to pretend like it doesn’t bother you. Just because you know why he acts that way doesn’t mean you’re not allowed to be upset by it.”
When he looked into the sitting room, John saw that Sherlock was already up and engrossed in something on his laptop. John decided to make himself some porridge, though he did need a bit of help carrying his bowl and glass of juice across the room so he could sit in his armchair and watch the news.
John stepped into the sitting room, ready to greet whatever mad venture Sherlock was up to, but was surprised to find the room empty. He scratched his head in thought and figured Sherlock must still be asleep. Not wanting to disturb him, John set about making himself a much needed cup of tea.
Sherlock glanced up at him and quirked a small smile as well. “Well, I can’t always guarantee our safety, but I will make an effort to be more careful, if only to avoid having to deal with how grumpy you are when faced with hospital food.”
“Panic attacks usually last five to twenty minutes, and it’s gonna get worse before it gets better, but it
. And if ever you are out of commission, I will try to involve you as much as physically possible. Is that…agreeable?”
“John, I’m sorry. That was…cruel of me. I realize now why you don't like to discuss these things when we're out to dinner. John?”
This is pretty similar to chapter two, but I'd started writing this a long time ago and wanted to finish it up, plus I just really like rugby!John :) Also, I know I tend to write a lot about John being stubborn and not wanting to accept help, so apologies if my stuff seems repetitive, I guess that’s just a trope that I enjoy.
“Well, yes. So if I didn’t choose a pill, he’d just shoot me. And I—oh, I was such a bloody idiot!” He yelled, practically pulling his hair with both hands to the side of his head.
The doctor was settled in his usual spot at the desk, wearing a warm knit jumper, which usually equaled contentment for him, but Sherlock could just tell by the look on his face that something was off.
John watched him go, wondering idly if perhaps Sherlock knew about his eye problem the entire time, and was only pitying him by keeping quiet about it. He was hopeful that that wasn’t the case, though, seeing as how the disease had no noticeable effects on the eyes. His stormy, navy blue eyes would remain unchanged, with only the ability to see out of them actually doing the changing.
John chuckled softly and looked up from the petri dishes to glance around the rest of the room. Out of the corner of his eye he spotted what he assumed was a violin case sticking out from underneath the bed.
“Oh, is that right? Well in that case I’ve just bought Park Lane and Mayfair and you may not pass ‘Go’! Now get out of my flat!”
That was all the encouragement he needed, apparently, for he eagerly stepped forward and, stuffed bumble bee still in hand, clambered up onto John’s lap. Sherlock smiled warmly at the two of them before getting up to go and make tea, figuring John would ask for it now that he was feeling a little better.
John looked down at the half-empty mug of tea in his hand and realized that he didn’t want to finish it, because then what other reason would he have to stay downstairs and avoid going to bed? Even away from the bustle of London, and even after a lovely evening spent in good company, John still feared that his night terrors would rear their ugly heads and leave him tossing and turning once more. But John also knew that he couldn’t avoid his problems forever. And who knew, maybe by some miracle he would have a restful sleep after all, and he’d never know unless he tried.
John had scraped together a makeshift Christmas dinner from a box of pasta, some leftover takeaway, and a bag of frozen vegetables he’d had tucked away in the freezer. Overall it’d been a surprisingly satisfying meal for what it was, and the gingerbread men, although a bit wonky, still tasted just as good.
Now it was John’s turn to not know what to say. He'd figured that Sherlock would've had no problem deducing his injuries, had even anticipated a prolonged explanation of the exact trajectory of the bullet that’d gone through his shoulder, but he hadn’t anticipated this sort of response.
“Sorry,” he started, his voice hushed as if he were telling Sherlock a secret, “I know I need to eat better, and sleep more. I just…I always think I can handle everything, y’know?”
It's been weeks since John and Sherlock have been intimate with each other and John is beginning to feel like perhaps he's no longer as needed as he used to be.
Sherlock grimaced in irritation. “Just don’t kip out on the sofa again; I don’t want to hear your whining about the state of your neck for the next two days.” He was out the door before John could even retort.
“I’ll let the nurse know you’re awake,” Sherlock said, reaching over to press the call button. “I believe Janice is on call today; the one with the hair who always tries to flirt with you.”
John stuck his hands in his jacket pockets to ward off the cold as he and Sherlock left the café and made their way down the pavement.
Since the medication hadn’t quite kicked in yet, getting himself comfortable still resulted in various pain-filled grunts and groans.
John sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “I know, but I’d really rather not think about all that stuff right now. Especially after- well, y’know.”
John was slumped over awkwardly, half leaning against Lestrade and half threatening to fall over. He was breathing heavily and his hand was fisted into Lestrade’s jacket, grasping it as if his life depended on it.
“Christ!” John breathed as he bolted awake from the nightmare. Bleary eyed, John tried to take stock of his surroundings and found himself somewhat confused. He was on the sofa in the sitting room, covered with a blanket, and there was music coming from somewhere. Beautiful, melodic, drifting waves of sound that soothed his frayed nerves.
“I sleep on the right side. I hog all the blankets. Sometimes I talk in my sleep for hours on end. Would that bother you?”
“You are upset, though,” Sherlock continued, “I’m obviously not wrong. And going by the way you tossed your coat I’d say it’s something rather serious, or personal, perhaps. Could it still be the night terrors, the lack of sleep?”
It was late, and they were on a very long stretch of road somewhere in the country, the only sources of light being the moon and their high-beam headlights. And that’s when it started; a roll of thunder in the distance, a muffled rumbling that sent shivers down John’s spine.
“You love me.” Sherlock said, as if getting accustomed with the concept. “But you’re not- What about Mary? Or Sarah? Or...”
“Always,” Sherlock said. He finished up his text before turning to John and quickly eyeing him up and down. “But I’m sure you know what that’s like,” he said, his voice a little quieter.
“Not exactly,” John said as he sat down, grateful for the warm fire next to him. “Look, I’m sorry I snapped at you earlier.”
Sherlock continued to rub John’s ankle and make commentary about bees until he heard John start his usual soft snoring noises. The evening might not have gone exactly as he'd intended, but he didn't mind, because just being with John was always enough.
“Oh, god…” Sherlock breathed as he stepped closer and saw the distinct evidence of John losing his footing. He took a tentative step to the edge, and let out a short gasp as he saw John lying stock still at the bottom of the ravine.
Mike chuckled and grabbed a beer from the fridge before returning to his post on the sofa. John laughed quietly to himself and stared blankly at the scuffed up wood of the table in front of him. He certainly had a lot more to think about tonight than finishing an essay.
“You really don’t, John, for the most part. It’s not like trying to quit cigarettes, so don’t think it is. You went through a traumatic experience. It would be strange if you
John crossed his arms over his chest and let out a long sigh. He was horribly mistaken, as the conference was proving to be just as unbelievably dull as he’d anticipated. He could feel himself zoning out as the speaker at the podium droned on in a stilted, monotone voice.
Sherlock and John were laughing all the way up the steps to the flat, holding their Chinese takeaway and trying not to trip over themselves. They reached the sitting room and shrugged off their coats, flinging them carelessly onto the sofa.
John blinked slowly into consciousness. The harsh fluorescent light that greeted him stung his eyes and caused his already aching head to throb.
Sherlock knelt down in front of him, putting a comforting hand on his shoulder and trying not to let the slight panic in his chest show on his face.
“Pretty sure, thanks.” John’s words were tight and clipped, and muffled a bit as he continued to wipe at his face.
As soon as Sherlock sat down, the entire feeling in the room changed. There was a sudden and undefinable electricity buzzing in the empty space between their bodies. Perhaps John had drunk more alcohol than he’d thought.
He wanted to memorize Sherlock. Just in case he really did lose the ability to see everything, he wanted to have a good, precise image of his best friend tucked away in his head. And so he sat and tried not to make his observing so obvious as they waited for Sherlock to be called.
Now Sherlock could feel John begin to settle into the embrace, leaning back into Sherlock’s chest. The taller man methodically lifted up John’s arm, uncurled his fist, and placed it at his side, repeating the process for the other hand. When that was done, he took his own palm and put it directly over John’s stomach. There, he could feel every single tremor running through John’s veins. He felt the shakes increase and decrease in severity at random intervals, as if testing the scale of an earthquake.
“C’mon, let’s move to the back,” Greg suggested, turning on the light in the car and taking off his seat belt.
“I had a bit of toast, John; we can skip the nagging this morning.” Sherlock mumbled with his eyes still focused on the computer screen.
John opened his mouth to answer but quickly closed it, swallowing nervously as he thought of how Sherlock had shamelessly flirted with him. He knew that it likely hadn’t meant anything, though, so he figured that Sherlock would appreciate it if he left that bit out.
As he approached the café, John saw Sherlock’s slightly silhouetted figure through the foggy glass and sucked in a sharp breath at the sight, his nerves all seeming to gather in his chest.
stubborn about taking care of myself,” Sherlock muttered as he headed back to the kitchen to finish making John’s tea.
“So, mince pies, you said?” John picked up his mug and carefully took it into the sitting room before settling down on the other end of the sofa. “Tell me, what other sorts of things does your family usually do for Christmas?”
Sherlock shuffled back over to resume his post by John’s bed and sighed sadly. He supposed he would just have to wait, then. Mycroft would approve of that; what was that word he always used? Patience? It sounded boring, but if John needed rest then Sherlock would let him rest.
From the room down the hall, Sherlock could hear Lestrade’s muffled voice explaining something to Donovan. He heard a few footsteps, and then, just out of the corner of his eye, he saw Lestrade begin to step in the room, and immediately retreat.
“Well,” Mrs. Hudson said, clapping her hands together, “all that aside, how about I get you boys some coffee? But just this once, mind, I’m not your waitress.”
John sat in his armchair in front of the fire, his chin resting on his fist as he looked absently into the flickering orange flames.
John steeled himself and quickly downed the rest of his tea. He cleared his throat and got up, clenching his fist at his side.
John returned shortly to the sitting room with a jumper in one hand and his oatmeal cardigan in the other.
“And you were high as a kite on excitement, like a child in a toy shop. Bit disturbing, really, you should work on that. Anyway, you must’ve been too excited to notice my shaking. I could barely look at the victim.”
John was walking through campus with Sherlock, the both of them having just left their final lectures before the start of the winter holidays. They were on their way to John’s flat to warm themselves up with some tea, order a generous amount of takeaway, and watch some mindless television.
It took a few attempts of wriggling the rusted door handle before Sherlock practically plowed the door open in his haste.
“The doctors said that you would be fine,” Sherlock went on. “A few scrapes, some bruised ribs, broken ankle. Nothing to worry about.”
It was always slightly chilly in Greg’s flat for some reason, but John was content, sitting on the rough floorboards in front of the sofa and letting the company of his mates and the beer in his hand warm him up. They were all sat in a circle, spinning an empty bottle and playing a good old fashioned game of truth or dare.
John mumbled a halfhearted goodbye to his coworkers at the end of the day. One of them wished him a good weekend, and he prayed that somehow he’d have one.
Greg gave him a reassuring pat on the back and sidled up next to him. He crossed his arms over his chest and squinted at the opposing team across the pitch.
“Of course you did. You always have to make sure everyone is all right, yes? Always have to protect people, nurture them, be the one to save the day? Well, please do stop boring me with the caretaker act and believe me when I tell you that I am perfectly fine and I do not need your help.”
John closed his eyes tightly and wished for sleep to take him, but it stubbornly refused. Just as he was about to say sod it all and spend the night with a cup of tea and a swig of brandy in front of the telly, he heard the faint beginnings of music coming from the sitting room.
Sherlock slid off his shoes and padded over to the sofa. He knelt down next to John so he could see him better.
“Don’t, Sherlock, just…don’t,” he ground out, standing halfway out the door and not even looking at him. Without another word, John left the room and tried desperately to push back his emotions.
Okay, I'm really not super happy with this but I haven’t updated this story in a while so I figured I’d post this real quick. This is just what happened after I started thinking about how Sherlock usually has a positive reaction to seeing John’s scar for the first time and what would happen if he didn’t.
“It was like my veins were on fire or something. There was so much pain, I couldn’t see straight. Staying still hurt just as much as moving and I didn’t know what to do. Eventually I just couldn’t move at all. That’s when I knew I was dead as a doornail. And then I woke up to a condescending man with crazy hair and green eyes looming over me.” He smiled weakly.
It had been almost a fortnight since the conclusion of the supposed clairvoyant case, a blog entry in which John entitled ‘The Adventure of the Pseudo Psychic,’ much to Sherlock’s chagrin. John’s condition had stayed somewhat the same in that time, limited to the slight tunnel vision and loss of coordination that it sometimes caused. He knew that, depending on the patient, the deterioration of sight could accelerate rapidly over just a few weeks, or stretch out to years. Based on his family history, however, he was guessing he had anywhere from a few more weeks to a couple of months before it started to get too bad.
They spent a few hours browsing various shops in search of the perfect gift for Mrs. Hudson, with Sherlock claiming that he wasn’t about to just get her a scented candle and call it a day.
Sherlock and John had been in and out of three cabs before they hopped into this one. They had questioned the first cabbie on the way to John’s flat, where he had changed his clothes and mentioned having to pick something up. Now they were nestled in the back of another black cab, with Sherlock eyeing the driver suspiciously. He’d given him a random address to somewhere nearby.
As John stood in line, he couldn’t seem to stop glancing over his shoulder at the table, still not quite believing that Sherlock was there with him.
John took a moment to steel himself before he walked determinedly over to Sherlock and stopped only a few inches from him.
Maybe some release was what he needed, then. Perhaps all this built up tension could be dealt with on his own. No one was home to distract him and he had no work to do, so he might as well try to enjoy himself a bit, right?
“No, just- I mean, if having someone around will keep you from being bored, you could stay here. If you want,” John said, hoping his face wasn’t as red as it felt.
“A-all right.” John tried to take a deep breath, not fully succeeding, but feeling better that he at least tried.
Greg scoffed. “That’s ‘cause the git can never be arsed to remember my name. Hell, most of the time he can’t even be arsed to remember I live there. How do
“God, I don’t even know how many pints I had. Why would I do that? I don’t drink, that’s Harry’s thing—“
They were now standing at the kitchen table, covered almost entirely in flour as they attempted to make a batch of gingerbread men. John had insisted that they at least try to make them, claiming that maybe it’d actually be fun this time considering it wasn’t Sherlock’s family he was baking with.
John stared at Sherlock’s outstretched hands for a moment before silently conceding, because if he was being honest with himself, continuing his attempt to type was likely only going to frustrate him further.
After a few moments of trying and failing to take deep breaths, John began to hear an all too familiar sound coming from the sitting room.
John walked over to the door and peered through the peep hole, finding Sherlock to be standing on the other side. He had a somewhat crazed look in his eye and was practically bouncing up and down in impatience. John quickly opened the door, wondering if something might be wrong.
John was startled out of his thoughts when he felt someone tap him on the shoulder. He turned around and saw the man from last night, Sherlock, staring at him and holding out the cardigan John had given him.
John grunted in pain as he slid and fumbled, and could have sworn he blacked out for a split second when a searing spike of pain shot through his leg. By the time he reached the bottom, all he could register was cold and pain.
“You know me so well,” John teased, opening up his container. The warm steam and familiar smell of the food made John’s chest swell with happiness.
It was the third day of winter break, and so far John hadn’t done much other than catch up on all the sleep he’d missed out on during the term and finally use his laptop for something other than typing up papers.
“No. Yes. No. He’s alive!” He exclaimed, “There’s a pulse but it’s barely there; he’s hardly breathing.” Sherlock looked up to Lestrade. “What are you just standing there for? Get an ambulance!”
When John came back down to the sitting room, suitcase in hand, Sherlock was busy attempting to fit his laptop into his duffle bag.
Normally he’d come home from his shift, trudge up the steps, barely spare the flat a glance and get on with the task of making tea or putting away the shopping. It was then that he realized just how little attention he actually paid to his surroundings sometimes. He’d gotten so used to the flat and its quirks and odd furnishings that he barely acknowledged them anymore. Now he examined the room as if it were his first time seeing the place.
When a case lands John in the hospital for what seems like the umpteenth time as of late, he and Sherlock have to have a serious talk about the risks of what they do.
“Oh, please,” Sherlock scoffed. “You can’t handle pure domesticity for more than a week and you know it.”
Sherlock smiled back, putting away his notes for the night. He got up and tucked the blanket better around John.
Lestrade didn’t protest, and made his way out, shaking his head wearily. As soon as Sherlock was sure that Lestrade was out of eyesight, he took John carefully into his arms, holding him from behind and steering him so that his own back was to the wall and John was in front of him.
“I could’ve guessed that,” Sherlock snapped instinctively as his eyes roamed around John’s face. How had he not noticed how tired and sunken in John’s eyes looked? Had he been this pale when they’d first come outside? “What is it? What’s the matter?” he asked.
John got up from his seat and peered through the maze of bodies to see two men swinging at each other, one of them fairly large and muscular, the other thin and lanky, swinging his fists in arbitrary directions in search of his target.
At this, Sherlock stopped writing and slapped his pen down dramatically on the table. He lifted his head to finally look John in the eye and took a deep breath.
“Mm?” John was now leaning back in his chair, a white-knuckled hand still practically glued to his left shoulder.
“If anyone else saw that cane,” Sherlock said, “they’d ignore it.” Suddenly that cabbie was getting out and heading towards the walking stick. “But the murderer,” The older man looked around frantically, and was just about to pick up the cane when Sherlock stood up lighting fast. “would panic," he said, tugging his coat on as he ran to the door.
John looked at him and shook his head. Sherlock was obviously feeling somewhat guilty, and eventually he and Sherlock would need to sit down and have a proper talk, but right now John needed to sleep and Sherlock needed to do whatever he was going to do.
“No, god, no. I don’t think that, I don’t, but sometimes it’s hard to—“ John sighed. “It’s not rational, I know. I know that you love me, and I love you, and I know that you would never…but the thoughts are still there, creeping up on me when it’s three in the morning and you’re wide awake and I can barely keep my eyes open.”
John’s good spirits were dampened slightly upon entering his bedroom and seeing his mess of a bed from the night before. He’d been tossing and turning almost the entire night, leaving the sheets and duvet in a tangled heap that he’d had no time to fix that morning.
When Sherlock helped John back to the flat, he was strangely quiet. He assisted the doctor in cleaning off his face and even fetched him some painkillers and water.
It took a few minutes of maneuvering for Sherlock to cut through the rope without cutting John, and as soon as his wrists were free, John fell limply onto Sherlock’s shoulder and let out a long, exhausted sigh.
John listened as Sherlock dutifully hung up his coat and scarf before padding over to stand in front of him.
“You’re going to burn a hole in the floor if you keep that up,” Sherlock drawled, taking off his coat but refusing to sit down.
“What’re you doing?“ the man slurred, blood already gushing from his nose and dripping down to his mouth, making him splutter and spit with a grimace.
Sherlock huffed and let go of John. “I ran out of things to pour hydrochloric acid on, Gavin isn’t around to entertain me, and I’m
They had ordered their food and gone back to John’s flat to eat so that John could change out of his filthy rugby uniform and wash off the dried mud still clinging to his arms and legs.
When the movie came to an end and the credits began to roll, John blinked rapidly as if only just remembering that the movie was eventually going to be over.
“Er, yeah, if you’d like.” John didn’t question him; Sherlock always had his own unique way of observing and taking information in, and if he needed some tactile input to study John’s ink then well, that was more than fine.
Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed. “John, as I said before, I’m perfectly capable of taking care of myself and I do not need you to look out for me like some kind of student-cum-vigilante.”
Seven o’clock couldn’t have come fast enough, and Sherlock was practically going stir crazy as he paced about the mess of his flat. His ears perked up when he heard the door open and close downstairs, and the cheery, high pitched voice of Mrs. Hudson welcoming in Dr. Watson.
Now John stood on the sidelines and watched as the crowd slowly dismantled and trickled down the stands, keeping an eye on Sherlock as he attempted to make his way out of the throng of people. Once he had successfully caught Sherlock’s eye, John quickly put his arm up to get his attention and waved him over.
Staring at himself in the mirror, John was a picture of a cozy evening in. He was clad in a soft grey sweatshirt and some plaid pyjama bottoms, but his clothes were definitely not a reflection of his current mood. He took a deep breath and hoped he’d be able to get his mind off of all of his responsibilities for long enough to enjoy himself.
He grimaced through the pain and opened his eyes fully to take in his surroundings. He was sitting up against a cold, gritty concrete wall with a cold concrete floor to match. The room was small and empty save for years of collective filth gathering in corners and making its way up the walls.
Furrowing his brow in confusion, Sherlock scooted his chair closer to John’s bed, and before he could ask what John’s intentions were, John reached out and took his hand in his.
In reality, the resemblance to Jim Moriarty was not overwhelming, but it was enough to send John back. It was enough to cause images of him to flash in front of John’s eyes, to hear his voice resounding in his head. It was enough to send his mind reeling back to memories that he had no desire to revisit. And John knew that as soon as he fell asleep, it would all be out of his control. The monsters of his past would come to greet him whether he wanted them to or not. And he would spend the night in an endless circle of waking from a nightmare only to fall back into another one.
John had been looking at the menu since he and Sherlock had sat down at their table. He’d gone from narrowing his eyes at the words in an attempt to read them, to holding the paper away from his face to make things clearer and right back to squinting again. Now he held a finger to his mouth as he continued to squint down at the words, clearly still struggling to make them out.
“In a way. I could see everything; the injury, the infection, the pain. It wasn’t like a normal deduction because it was
Instead of offering to clean up the mess, the detective stretched his taller form right over John and claimed a mug from the shelf. John gripped the counter and bowed his head, trying to gain back some sense of normality.
“I’m only saying that it’s statistically unlikely that you would remember exactly one hundred percent of the information needed for the exam.”
John immediately turned around and followed Greg’s line of sight, and there he could see Sherlock, swallowed up in an oversized black hoodie and sitting with his knees pulled up to his chest and chin tucked in between his legs, clearly feeling somewhat out of place.
They maneuvered themselves into the backseat and John’s shaking only got worse. He knew that even if the thunder stopped completely, the panic attack was already in full swing and there wasn’t really any stopping it now.
“You know all of these things about me just by my hand,” Sherlock said, squeezing John’s reassuringly, “Now, can you see me, John?”
“So, you’re finally going to tell me what’s been ailing you these past few weeks?” Sherlock asked, obviously trying his best to be patient and not jump into a string of deductions.
John frowned. Of course Sherlock was probably thinking now that all his tattoos were just sentimental drivel.
“Yes, her perfume, Lestrade. John can’t even see the victim and he’s miles ahead of you lot. As always I greatly fear where Scotland Yard would be without us.”
Sherlock could practically hear John rolling his eyes as he sauntered off unsteadily to Sherlock’s bedroom.
This was not a good idea, John thought, as he continued to palm himself through his pants. He’d been at it for almost twenty minutes, trying to imagine the different scenarios that usually got him going with no problem, but to no avail.
“Of course you are. There’s water here, and I’m making tea, even though I know you won’t drink it, but you’ll complain if I don’t make it because it’s the gesture that counts, right?”
“Oh,” John said. “Not even friends?” he asked carefully, thinking back to moment at the bar when Sherlock had admitted to him that he hadn’t had any friends.
“Well it’s either you tell me or I sit here and deduce it because luckily for you my brain has been otherwise occupied these days.”
John walked slowly back into his room and switched on the small lamp on his bedside table before sitting down on the edge of the bed. He took his phone out of his pocket and scrolled through to Harry’s name in his contacts, his fingers hovering hesitantly over the button before pressing it.
“Well, that’s all the ones on your back and upper arms, but I recall seeing another one when we were back at Greg’s flat. It was closer to your heart, yes?” Sherlock asked, leaning forward to try to get a look at John’s chest.
“Exactly. You’re always going on about how I need to ‘rest’ and ‘recharge’ or whatever it is that normal people do, but you’ve practically turned into
John cleared his throat awkwardly and attempted to shoot Sherlock a silent apology through his eyes.
John hadn’t even thought about that, really; he’d been so keyed up that any pain he might’ve been feeling didn’t quite register. Though now that he thought about it, he was definitely a little sore.
John sat in bed, hand still clutching his chest and grinning like an idiot. Perhaps it was the combination of still being half asleep, the enchantingly beautiful music, and the tail end of an adrenaline rush that made John get out of bed and head downstairs.
“Lovely. I’ll be right back,” Mrs. Hudson said as she turned and headed toward the back of the restaurant.
For a split second, Sherlock could have sworn that John made eye contact with him, and a wave of false relief flooded over him when he remembered that John didn’t actually know where he was looking. It was such a cruel thing, really, that John’s eyes remained the same aesthetically; because they often fooled Sherlock into thinking everything was still perfectly normal.
John tsked and plopped the newspaper down on the side table, pushing himself up angrily from his armchair. “Y’know what? I don’t have to sit here and take this. I’m not a suspect under investigation and I don’t need to sit here while you interrogate me. I’m going out.” He stated, almost missing his jacket as he grabbed for it. Luckily he didn’t think Sherlock saw his little fumble, and he shoved his arms through the sleeves and began to pull his shoes on.
Now John was on his way back to his flat, feeling lighter despite the heavy books in his bag weighing him down and a residual smile that wouldn’t seem to fade from his face.
John frowned and continued to stare blankly at the floor. “I don’t like how well the staff know us here, Sherlock,” he said.
John scoffed. “Yeah, I don’t think so, not after the last time you took over my blog and wrote about nothing but mud samples.”
Sherlock took his time approaching John in case he asked him to leave. He sidled up to the sink next to him and bit his lip, trying to think of what to say.
“What? No, no, I’m not giving you—let go of me, seriously,” John pleaded, still trying to wear his mask of stubborn politeness.
John put his hand over Sherlock’s. “Because you were too busy breaking things apart that you didn’t see the whole bloody picture. Don’t overthink this, yeah?”
John sat down and thought about what he was going to say while he was waiting. Talking about this sort of thing was definitely not his strong suit, which was part of why he loved being with Sherlock; the man could always just deduce what he was feeling. But not this time, apparently, and now John had to figure out how to explain why the past few weeks had been more than a bit not good.
“Get the shirt, boys!” Tom shouted, suddenly lunging at John and tackling him to the floor before he could do anything to stop it.
“And can I ask what you’re doing with my books? M’not asking you to apologize for rifling through my things again, I’m only, y’know, wondering what you’re up to.”
When John found Sherlock in the library, he was sat at a table in the back with a small mountain of books and papers engulfing the laptop that he was furiously typing away at.
“William,” Sherlock said flatly. John giggled to himself, knowing that Sherlock wasn’t exactly telling the truth, but he wasn’t quite lying either.
“Must be hard, turning around and not seeing the man you love and care about right next to you. Feels awful, I imagine.” John tried to sound angry but his voice only came out broken and quiet. “Bit lonely, probably.” He fidgeted with his fingers in his lap, swallowing hard.
A few minutes went by and John had already begun to fall into an exhausted, drowsy haze when Sherlock came storming upstairs, startling him out of his sleepy state.
When there was no response or beaker being placed in his hand, Sherlock looked up to find the room empty. It was only then that he remembered that John had left to get firewood, but surely that couldn’t have been too long ago.
Steeling himself in his chair, John took a deep, ragged breath and finally lifted his head to look Sherlock in the eye.
John’s eyes widened in shock, then, when the suspect changed direction and bolted ahead even faster, practically leaving Sherlock in the dust. This was not good, John thought; his bones were already beginning to ache and he didn’t know how much steam he had left in him for this chase. And when he saw Sherlock sprint forward with newfound determination, John knew that there was no way he’d be able to keep up.
John had been awake for a few minutes, staring at the back of Sherlock’s neck and trying to breathe him in, trying to remember what it was like when he could reach out and touch him whenever he pleased.
“Anytime, John.” Sherlock smiled. “And I could finish typing up your blog for you, as well; your readers don’t know nearly enough about mud identification.”
“Look at his shoes, Lestrade. Look at the tatters on the bottoms of his jeans. Look at the mud splatter on the back of his ankle. Come on man, open your eyes! Now, I’ll ask again, where is the cane?”
It was creeping up on midnight when the film finally came to end, Sherlock having paused it multiple times to make deductions about certain characters, and John then keeping it paused to tell Sherlock more about the history of the franchise. And Sherlock had either properly wore himself out making deductions, or John’s little history lessons were more boring than he’d thought, because Sherlock had ended up falling fast asleep during the last ten minutes of the movie and was now slumped up against John’s side.
“Never did finish those compositions from last month. Figured it’d give me something to do when the mind-numbing boredom sets in.”
John let out a short laugh and smirked down at his phone. Practice wasn’t for another few hours, and he could always do some revising afterwards, so he supposed it wouldn’t be so bad if he were to go see what Sherlock was up to instead.
John tried to quell the negative thoughts that began to rumble like his own personal thunderstorm in his head, but another boom of thunder, louder that time, went off and John knew that he was not going to escape the panic that was swelling in his chest.
Greg nodded in understanding and took a sip of his coffee. “Well, at least there’s no more lectures for the foreseeable future, eh?”
“The television. Please could you turn it off. You’re clearly not watching it and I believe you’re sitting on the remote.”
“You trying to murder my laptop?” John asked, blinking rapidly and waiting for the fog in his vision to clear. “’Cause you’re punching the keys like you’re mad at the thing,”
“Comes with the territory, I guess.” John shrugged. He tossed the flannel carelessly onto the worktop in the kitchen before padding into the sitting room. “Budge over,” he said as he sat down next to Sherlock and scooted his way in front of the table.
“Please, John,” Sherlock scoffed. “People don’t befriend the freak genius because they want to; they do it to get a free biochemistry tutor.”
Due to the snow and the cabin’s remote location, the ambulance wouldn’t arrive for a half an hour to an hour, and all Sherlock could really do was stay by John’s side and make sure that he was okay.
The pitter-patter of rain on the long paned windows of Baker Street mimicked the tip-tapping of computer keys as John typed up his blog. He shifted a bit in his tired maroon armchair in an effort to get more comfortable. John grinned at the laptop screen, and continued to type.
Christmas parties,” John joked as he poured the hot water into his mug. “My family were never really big on Christmas.”
John’s eyes were locked on the lanky man with a mop of dark, curly hair. He was sure he’d seen him around campus before, but never caught his name.
Something in the man’s voice was different that time, Sherlock thought, as he clicked his pocket magnifying glass closed and slipped it in his pocket. He heaved himself up off the dust-laden wooden floors and brushed the remaining particles off his trousers.
He burrowed his face into his pillow and tried to close his eyes. He didn’t necessarily need Sherlock there to fall asleep, but it was always easier with him.
“Why’re we on the floor?” Sherlock suddenly questioned, looking around as if noticing his surroundings for the first time.
He grimaced and reached carefully into the pocket of his jeans, only to pull out a very broken mobile.
On the cab ride back to Baker Street, John relaxed into the familiar sound of the car rumbling against the gravel. He could hear the hum of the engine, could hear Sherlock tapping ever so slightly on his leg, and could smell the odd scents that lingered in from outside. The squeal of the tires, the tired sighs from his friend, he could take it all in and form a picture from it in his head.
Sherlock watched as the door squeaked slowly open, and the boy stepped in cautiously as opposed to his usual method of simply knocking frantically before letting himself in, something Sherlock must have unintentionally passed on to him.
“Night. And don't leave the telly on all night, yeah? I can hear you watching children’s programmes from the bedroom.”
He walked slowly to get a better look at everything, still not entirely convinced that this wasn’t all some strange experiment of Sherlock’s. On the coffee table he saw two containers of takeaway food, their two favourite mugs, and a stack of DVD’s. The lamps on the end tables were dimmed, making everything appear softer and warmer, and although John wasn’t sure what this whole thing was, he felt a burst of happiness in his chest at the sight.
being irrational? You took a holiday from your brother, who you never accept any help from, for seemingly no apparent reason, and you want me to assume there’s no ulterior motive going on here?”
The decrepit house towered above Sherlock as he strode in just a bit ahead of Lestrade. The rest of the team followed, beginning to unpack their equipment.
“They’re bloody socks, Sherlock!” The doctor yelled from the kitchen counter, though he stepped back into the sitting room soon after. “Am I not allowed to make a mistake?
Sherlock huffed and sat himself down on one the rickety wooden chairs, pushing away some of his science equipment to make room to rest his arms.
He watched Sherlock carefully for a moment to see if he would tell him to kindly find a seat elsewhere, but it seemed that Sherlock either didn’t mind or was too absorbed in his notes to even care. John could see that the bruise on Sherlock’s cheek had gone down significantly, leaving only a small, washed out splotch of colour just underneath his eye. He was glad to see him looking better, even if Sherlock didn’t seem to care much for John’s concern.
But Sherlock had continued to sit by John’s side despite the fact that John was clearly angry with him. He wasn’t going to leave him, not again.
John sighed. “Yeah, alright. But only ‘cause I like your mum, too. Keeps you in line somehow, that woman.”
“John, my mother has invited me down for the weekend to celebrate her birthday. She’d like you to come as well,” Sherlock said the second John walked through the door.
“Do you honestly believe, after all this time, that I would only want to be with you if you’re…useful?” Sherlock asked, distaste sitting sourly on his tongue.
“That’s not a gingerbread man,” John said, pointing to whatever it was that Sherlock had crafted out of the dough.
Lestrade just shrugged with his mouth open as Anderson and a few others shuffled in. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he stormed up to them.
John snuggled a little closer to Sherlock and properly tucked in to his dinner. He rested his cheek on Sherlock’s shoulder; a warm, solid weight to lean on as he watched the movie.
As he slid off John’s shoes, he could hear him moaning in protest, grumbling something under his breath.
Sherlock heard the signature squelch of trainers on soggy ground as John jogged towards him. He grinned at the thought of the two of them going back to his house where John would have a shower and nag Sherlock to watch crap telly with him afterwards.
"Oi," he started, when he could finally see what was wrong with the picture, "what're you doing? For the fiftieth time, that's
In lieu of answering, John rubbed at his eyes more, and looked up at Sherlock to find him slightly out of focus.
“I understand, Dr. Watson, that it must have been difficult for you to accept the prognosis when you realized what it was—“
John had changed his outfit as well, deciding to go for a nice navy blue jumper with a maroon button-up underneath, and a slightly tattered pair of dress shoes that looked much better in comparison to his scuffed up trainers.
“He’s not a pervert!” John shouted, having no idea where this sudden wellspring of anger had come from.
John swallowed hard and tried to clear his throat, knowing his voice would likely come out shaky and uneven.
John looked down at his glass of water at the bar and gave a weak smile in Mike’s general direction. He wasn’t sure what he’d been thinking when he’d agreed to accompany Mike for a drink on a Thursday night.
For a moment, John felt as if he were back at the bar the night he met Sherlock, when he had held onto John in the taxi and hadn’t seemed to want to let him go. It almost seemed as if the only time Sherlock expressed a need for affection was when his defenses were down, and John wondered just how often Sherlock craved this sort of touch, and if he ever even admitted to himself that it was something that he wanted.
John winced slightly. “She pretty much already knew, so I thought she’d be fine with it, but she was drunk when I told her, so I got to hear how she really felt.”
“You haven’t finished your applesauce,” he said, pointing to the small, half empty container that sat on the fold-out table in front of John.
“Here. I, er, I got something for you. I know we didn’t say anything about getting gifts or any of that but I just…thought it might be nice.”
“Clearly you’re shaken. We’ll take a break from the story for now," he announced, trying to hide his disappointment.
John had to admit that he may have been walking just a hair too close to Sherlock as they made their way back to Sherlock’s flat, their arms brushing together every few steps. The harsh winter air stung John’s cheeks and ears as he walked, and he attempted to bury his face as deeply into his coat collar as he could, but shivers continued to wrack his frame nonetheless.
“How’d you guess?” John laughed bitterly. “Yeah, they weren’t too happy about it, to say the least.”
John lifted his head up and turned to Sherlock. “All this time…you thought I was just, what, pitying you?”
Sherlock grunted in protest but let John pick him up off the sofa nonetheless. John half-carried the half-asleep Sherlock all the way down the hall to Mike’s room and deposited him down onto the bed.
John tried to remember at what point weekends stopped being fun. He had always been accustomed to having a heavy workload, but this year in particular seemed to just get busier and busier. Perhaps John had finally taken on too much; perhaps he’d overestimated how much he could handle. But there wasn’t anything to be done for it now; the end of the year would be coming up soon and he couldn’t simply back out of his responsibilities.
Other than the vaguely disturbing substances lying around, Sherlock’s flat was an eclectic mixture of knick knacks, books, and papers scattered over just about every surface. The walls were a dark forest green and the small fireplace that was currently crackling made the place feel cozy despite its unkempt nature. John wondered how Greg felt about Sherlock’s choice of decor, but figured he was probably used to it at this point.
Sherlock donned his coat and scarf and stepped outside into the chilled winter evening. The sun was still somewhere in the hazy grey sky, casting a dark purple and bluish glow on everything. The snow crunched under Sherlock’s feet as he followed John’s angry footsteps.
John and Sherlock stepped out of the warmth of the library and into the harsh winter air, their breath falling from their mouths like clouds of smoke. As they walked, the light of the lampposts that followed them felt familiar and safe, but John felt as if his entire body were alight with apprehension.
John smiled to himself and shuffled out of bed. He quietly padded down the hall and stopped at the entrance to the sitting room, watching as Sherlock played by the window.
“No worries. Take all the time you need. I know I’m gonna need time to think up something new to yell at Sherlock.”
It was early morning, the sun just coming up to shine through the windows of Sherlock’s bedroom. He and John were tucked under the covers, John curled up as close to Sherlock as he could be without actually touching him.
From the kitchen table, John could hear Sherlock sprouting up from his chair and stomping in to join him.
John sighed in acquiescence and turned the small lamp on so they could both see properly. Sherlock looked like an eager child waiting to be told a bedtime story.
“Stop,” John ordered abruptly. He plopped his jacket down on where he thought the chair was but missed it by a hair, though he didn’t bother to pick the coat up where it landed sadly on the floor. “Just stop, Sherlock. Not tonight, please.” He asked in the most polite voice he could muster. Instead of his usual routine of making tea and updating his blog, John sat down on his armchair and flipped on the telly.
Sherlock’s lips were warm and pillowy soft, almost melting under the touch of his own. The two stood in the dimly lit room and exchanged chaste but passionate kisses for some time before breaking apart.
The two of them sat in their respective armchairs and watched crap telly as they ate, John smiling at the screen every now and then.
“Hm. Getting better,” she mumbled to herself, sounding relieved. She made sure Sherlock was okay and told him to let John keep resting before leaving the room.
“You’re not. I can buy a truckload of cake and bribe Mycroft into helping. We can work this out, John, but we’re getting ahead of ourselves. Right now I need to know what your vision is like. How are you seeing things?”
He stepped inside the library and felt the familiar hush of the world around him; the only sounds coming from the faint tapping of fingers on keys and the quiet shuffle of pages turning. The sun had gone down whilst John was in class and the soft glow of scattered desk lamps gave the space an air of comfort and warmth that he always appreciated after hours in a lecture hall.
“Because you were puking for a while there and I hardly think that’s something you’d want to do standing up. We should get up now, though. Do you think you can walk?”
Night had fallen by the time John managed to drag himself downstairs. Sherlock was sat in his chair in front of the fire, his open laptop casting a bright bluish glow on his face as his fingers flew across the keys.
John rubbed his hands together to ward off the chill as he made his way through the biting cold to Hudson’s café, the overcast sky shrouding all the shops and people in a muted, uniform grey.
It was almost ten o’clock by the time John got back to his hotel room. He and Sherlock had been texting throughout most of the evening, and John was grateful for the distraction. Now, though, he was looking forward to finally being able to relax.
“Shit,” he cursed. His ankle was definitely broken, and along with the bruised ribs and slippery, snow-covered ground, there was no way he’d be able to get himself back up the steep ravine.
“Jo-ohn,” Sherlock whined, pawing at the duvet. “Wake up,” he pleaded. John stayed snoozing, completely oblivious to his friend’s presence.
He wrapped his arms around him tighter and stroked his hair like John had done for him in the past, hoping he was helping in some way.
The next few weeks seemed a bit unreal. Sherlock didn’t take any cases from clients or Scotland Yard, though John did catch him rifling through cold cases, which he didn’t mind.
“John,” Sherlock pleaded. John swallowed what he was about to say and looked at Sherlock’s half-silhouetted face, seeing that same expression of concern that he saw earlier. Sherlock really did care, John knew that, even if he did show his care by letting himself into John’s bedroom at three in the morning.
Sherlock made a noise of disapproval and shook his head. “Too many rules and regulations,” he said. “I just want to get to the puzzle, John, to really put my mind to use, not sit at a desk and fill out paperwork.”
On his way back to Baker Street, John received a number of texts from Sherlock, urging him to go to the store to pick up a few obscure items. On any given day, John wouldn’t hesitate to rummage through the shelves of Tesco just to keep his seven year old of a flatmate happy. Unfortunately, the haze around the edge of his vision was making it difficult to see out of his peripheral, and he wasn’t too keen on spending his time in the store bumping into shelves and customers.
“God, I’m cold. Why’s it so cold out?” Sherlock grumbled as he aggressively got under the covers. Not in the best mood, then.
John nodded and cleared his throat. “Well I am a doctor, as you know, and er, my mum had it, actually. She was a bit older than I am now, though, when it started. I was just a kid, y’know, hardly twelve I think.”
Sherlock nodded and helped to support John’s weight as Lestrade slowly pulled him up. John let out small cries of pain as he was lifted, almost collapsing again entirely when weight was put on his ankle.
“Of course. Er, thank you.” The detective mumbled. John sat down adjacent to him and attempted to read the case notes so far. The words were a bit out of focus, and Sherlock’s chicken scratch wasn’t helping, but with a little adjusting and some guesswork, John could make out most of it.
Once John saw that a cab was slowing down to pull up to the curb, he slid his thick cardigan off of his shoulders and turned back to Sherlock.
Sherlock very carefully extracted himself from John’s hold to put the next film in, and John frowned slightly at the loss of contact. He stared at the now empty space next to him and thought about how the night was almost over, and the next morning would be back to how things usually were. He’d have to get up early and try to plan out his day in a way that would allow him to get the most amount of work done.
“I’ve got a blanket back here, and I know you’re not in shock but it’s usually comforting anyway, and—“
“As you can see, my hypothesis was correct; no surprise there,” Sherlock said, leaning over his desk and pointing to a collection of petri dishes. “I’ve written it all up in a blog post, if you’d like to see the diagrams.”
The rugby pitch was sodden and riddled with patches of mud from the morning’s rain, but John had still insisted on coming out to practice.
John was in the middle of attempting to pour himself a glass of cranberry juice when Sherlock interrupted his focus.
John waved to Mrs. Hudson, who was busy helping a customer behind the counter, as he made his way over to the table.
John opened the creaky wooden door of the cabin and set down his lone suitcase on the hardwood floors, looking at Sherlock who was already inside and busy preparing logs in the fireplace.
“Because you always fail to get back to sleep after a nightmare and I’ve been told that my voice can be quite relaxing.”
what you took out of that conversation? I wasn’t trying to imply- I didn’t mean…it wasn’t my intention to upset you.” Sherlock sighed. In truth, his words had come from a place of concern, but somehow his well-meant thoughts always managed to have the complete opposite effect that he intended once they came out of his mouth.
“We should probably get you cleaned up and put some ice on that,” John said. “And then we can go and get that coffee. If you still want to, that is.”
The shorter man looked down at the broken glass and shoved some away with his foot. He didn't look up at Sherlock when he spoke.
“I’ll take my chances, then. Here, take this; you’ve got to be freezing.” John held up the garment and Sherlock looked at it as if it were the absolute scum of the earth.
Looking out the window, Sherlock could see that the sun was beginning to go down, but hadn’t it been light out when John had left? Perhaps John had used the excuse of looking for firewood to take a walk and blow off some steam, Sherlock thought. John would likely be back soon, then.
“Oh, yes. He claims to be having visions of the future, premonitions, if you will. A right Oracle of Delphi. I, however, suspect a simple case of hallucinations, and I needed to delve further into what medications or conditions might cause such a reaction.”
John awoke to the soft patter of rain on the bedroom window. Sherlock’s bedroom window, he reminded himself. He stretched lightly and looked to the bedside table to find his pain medication and a glass of water.
Now, after having run back down the path as fast he could, he was kneeling in front of the barely conscious form of John, attempting to ascertain what his injuries were. What Sherlock could tell in the low light was that John had tripped, quite badly, it seemed, and there was almost certainly something wrong with his ankle going by the way that his foot was twisted.
“Perfectly understandable.” John laughed, making himself more comfortable in his seat and noticing how quickly he felt at ease in Sherlock’s presence.
“Humour me,” John tried. The cab was waiting now, so he hoped that Sherlock wasn’t planning on sitting and sulking for much longer.
John and Greg were on their way back from the latest wild goose chase that Sherlock had sent them on, ending up with nothing, as they'd feared. Sometimes John thought that Sherlock sent them on these little missions just to get he and Lestrade out of the way for a while so he could do something that Lestrade would not approve of.
"Oh, yes, fine. I was just using your laptop, you left your blog open. The entry is unfinished; you stopped mid-sentence. Why?" the detective questioned.
He told himself, as he absentmindedly brushed his teeth, that he would have to tell Sherlock and his friends and family very soon, within the week, actually. Sherlock had already begun to suspect something was seriously amiss, and John had practically begged Lestrade to let Sherlock on a case to distract him.
“Sorry, mate, sorry,” John mumbled in apology, making his way past him. He was stopped, however, by the man’s hand grasping onto his sleeve.
When Sherlock moved on to John’s thumb, John’s hand began to shake, causing it to jerk out of Sherlock’s grip.
For a solid minute, the flat was more silent than John had ever experienced, and he realized that somehow Sherlock not saying anything at all was an even more terrifying prospect.
"Ah! Jesus!" John jumped, effectively knocking a mug right off the shelf and sending it crashing to the floor. John pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration, trying to ignore the shattered glass pooling at his feet.
“What did she say?” Sherlock asked, watching John closely as if to make sure he wasn’t overstepping.
“All right, all right,” John said. He took Sherlock by the elbows and gently steered him towards the sink. “Just hold still, you big baby.”
“It was one of my mates, Evans. He and a couple other fellows, they were in a very wrong place at a very wrong time. Got captured by insurgents who thought they had information.”
Sherlock checked his phone for signal, but there was none. Mycroft had purposefully chosen such a remote location so that Sherlock wouldn’t be distracted by his phone.
Sherlock smiled back warmly. “I don’t know how you could possibly think I could find you anything but extraordinary, John.”
“I know, John, I know. Deep breaths, okay?” Greg had wrapped a blanket around his shoulders and had a hand on his back, rubbing soothing circles up and down.
The doctor was hit hard enough to be knocked down to the gritty pavement. He grunted in pain but quickly began trying to stand back up. He only made it about half way before he was tackled to the ground, and received a good number of painful blows to the stomach.
“John.” Sherlock was calling him, John’s mind knew that, but his body made no move to acknowledge it.
“That’s good, yeah. Glad you’re enjoying yourself.” John steeled himself, gripping the back of one of the kitchen chairs. Sherlock looked up from his notes.
John shook his head. “Let’s just go to bed, yeah? We’ll discuss blanket arrangements some other time.”
He lay very still for a short while, closing his eyes and breathing in shuddering breaths through his nose. If Sherlock had barely registered John’s presence when he was in the cabin, how was he ever going to notice that he was no longer there?
The first touch of Sherlock’s fingertip to the warm skin of his back was like a tiny bolt of lightning. God, how he’d always wanted Sherlock’s hands on him. He tried to soak in the feeling as much as he could, to memorize that delicate touch tracing over the lines embedded on his skin, because he knew that it wouldn’t be long before he was off to the army, and this was probably as close to Sherlock as he was ever going to get.
Lestrade’s footfalls were getting closer as Sherlock hobbled over to the man’s head to examine his coat collar.
But not tonight. Tonight was going to be all about the two of them. No plans, no nosy sisters or nagging parents, just Sherlock, John, and a good film to watch in between all the snogging.
No response came from John, but Sherlock didn’t want to stop trying; it was progress compared to the curt ‘yes’ and ‘no’ answers he’d gotten all morning.
“Tilt your head forward a bit for me, okay?” John asked. Thankfully, the man obeyed without comment and John held the towels against his nose with a gentle pressure, cupping the back of his head with his other hand to keep him steady.
Everything hurt and he couldn’t think straight, but somewhere in the back of his mind was the hope that Sherlock would realize that he was gone and come find him, because with black spots now starting to cloud his vision, it wasn’t looking like John would be getting up anytime soon.
“I know that you’ve had a night that was…not good, and normally I leave you alone to bottle up your emotions—“
John shook his head dismissively. “This is just me having a pity party, okay? It doesn’t matter. I’ll be fine, I just need some sleep.”
“Yeah, and then he was shaking a bit, and breathing too fast. He looked like he was in pain before he just melted onto my shoulder. So, should I call the hospital or—“
Sherlock was standing on the sidelines, keeping a wary eye on John in the event that he slipped and fell on the damp grass.
“Right. Listen, I’m sorry, I really am, but I honestly can’t remember much. If you’re looking to get a name or a face out of me, I’ve got nothing.”
“You think you’ll be useless to me. You assume you will become nothing more than another skull on the mantle. What have I told you about
“Yeah, well, that seems to be just about the only time you pay attention to—look, never mind. It’s fine.”
dreaming, maybe the walls would suddenly start melting or the room would start spinning, or he’d go downstairs and find the whole flat flooded with water, or—
On top of it all, John hadn’t so much as had one orgasm since their relationship became strained. He’d come home exhausted from work, then be disappointed that Sherlock wasn’t home, then angry with himself for not speaking up, and then he’d just end up falling into a fitful sleep.
“Daddy, why's papa crying?” he asked, his voice small and shaking. Sherlock was fairly sure that he knew exactly why, but didn’t want to startle Hamish or upset him further.
Sherlock was still staring with his mouth wide open and John tucked his gun away in the back of his jeans. It took a moment to register that the shorter man was staring at him.
“How did you know what to do?” the words tumbled from Lestrade’s mouth as if he’d been holding them back. He shrugged and looked down at the floor. “When he fell on me, I didn’t even know what happened, let alone what to do about it. Then you came in and just got to work like it was some routine.”
John thanked him and picked up his cane. He was just at the landing when Sherlock called out to him.
John didn’t hesitate. He followed Sherlock’s instructions exactly, and the detective smirked as he saw the cabbie turn the only corner that was available, and right into their trap.
When Sherlock returned about two hours later, he stopped in the foyer and listened closely. The flat was absolutely quiet. Normally there was the muffled, but incessant chatter of Mrs. Hudson’s television, or perhaps her radio as she hummed along. There were no kettles boiling or pans clinking. This struck Sherlock as strange, so he climbed the steps as slowly and carefully as he could.
“Yep,” John said. He reached out to the plate of scones in the middle of the table and broke off a small piece. “These really are good,” he said as he munched on the pastry. “I’ve never tried these ones before.”
He was becoming a bit of an expert at hiding his symptoms from his flatmate, considering the fact that he experienced many of them on a normal basis anyway. Things like the drowsiness, the irritability and the inability to focus were often caused by the stress of cases, and so they were a lot easier to get by Sherlock.
“It’s isn’t, though. I said that I wouldn’t leave you out anymore. And I could tell you that it’s difficult for me to slow my brain down once I get started, or that I tend to tune most things out if I’m focused on a task, but I know that doesn’t undo the fact that I hurt you.
Sherlock seemed as if he were trying to contain his excitement. “I’ll make tea,” he announced, rushing over to the kitchen.
“Aside from that,” John continued, “today has honestly been one of the best Christmases I’ve had in a long time, if ever.”
The sunset was just beginning to fade when John stepped out of the lecture hall. He adjusted his hoodie and rubbed at his tired eyes as he walked, looking forward to going back to his flat and enjoying a cup of tea in front of the telly before starting any actual work.
dare, c’mon!” Greg pleaded. John grit his teeth and mouthed ‘sorry’ at Sherlock who only rolled his eyes fondly in response.
“Really?” John smiled bitterly. “Tell that to my leg that gives out on me when I’m too stressed, or my shoulder that I never regained full motion of, or my hand that shakes so badly sometimes I can’t even hold a bloody pen. I love what we do, Sherlock. I love it more than anything and I want to keep doing it as long as possible. That’s why I worry about these things. I don’t want to slow you down or not be able to be with you when you need me.”
“No. The occasion is that it’s Friday night and you’re exhausted. Now come on, the takeaway’s getting cold,” Sherlock said, tugging gently on John’s wrist to steer him towards the sofa.
John briefly entertained the thought that Sherlock was playing deliberately for him, but his thoughts quickly faded in clarity as he began to drift off to the gorgeous sound.
“What? No, I don’t do that. I don’t have those. I don’t…oh god,” John scrunched his trembling left hand into a tight fist and shut his eyes tight. He was beginning to shake lightly and took a careful few sips of water. Sherlock still leaned over him and even started to rub his shoulders lightly in a borderline comforting gesture.
Sherlock was playing for him again. John must have been making some sort of noise that alerted Sherlock to his sleeping troubles, and now he was playing for him to help him get back to sleep.
Sherlock knelt down next to him immediately, his hands on his shoulders, leaning him back to get a better look at him.
“I never thought I’d say this, but I really have to thank my friends for being absolute arseholes tonight.” He laughed.
“Oh, right,” John said. “You did say something about doing experiments at the bar the other night. When you were done…spilling your guts, anyway.”
John looked to Sherlock and scowled at him as he got up. “I’ll have you know, that cat’s little infatuation with me was incredibly distracting,” he said, snapping the laptop shut in front of his friend, “and her name was Evelyn.”
John had never been one to be concerned with his appearance, nor what others thought of him, but he would never forget the first time he’d shown his scar to a past girlfriend. The image of her shocked, disgusted expression was still burned into his memory, and to see that same reaction from the man he loved so much would break his heart.
“I can’t- I can’t keep pretending like I can handle it all. I bloody can’t, Sherlock.” Then suddenly, Sherlock had an armful of John. The blond teen buried his face in Sherlock’s chest and started to cry in earnest.
“Cor, you’re back late,” Mike said, stretching to pick up the remote from the coffee table and pausing the TV. “It went well, then?” he asked.
He was currently sitting on the sofa, attempting to sit through an episode of one of the shows that Mike liked so much and absently nibbling on the small plate of biscuits that he’d called dinner.
“I really don’t feel good.” John’s voice came out as a harsh whisper, and as soon as he finished speaking, he became limp in Sherlock’s arms, his head lolling to the side.
“I’ve got a wedding to go to,” Greg griped. “What about you, Sherlock? What’re you up to for the holidays?”
Seeing as how Sherlock was practically asleep again already and likely wasn’t planning on getting under the covers, John went back out to the sitting room to grab the blanket that was hung over the sofa and brought it back to the bedroom. He draped it over Sherlock, making sure that he was properly tucked in to hopefully keep the slight chill of the flat at bay.
“M’not embarrassed, I’m—“ Sherlock stopped short and began retching rather violently into the toilet.
“I’ll admit there was a part of me that hoped that wasn’t the case. It seems I am prone to occasional bouts of sentiment, after all.”
The afternoon sky was full of looming grey clouds and the brisk bite in the air made Sherlock’s pale nose and cheeks turn a bright, rosy pink. He was just about to start wondering exactly how much longer John planned to be out here when John called out to him to say that he was finished for the day.
John set his phone down on the bedside table, flicked off the lamp, and turned on his side to go to sleep.
John eagerly took the pills and wiped off his forehead with the cloth, thankful for the cool, damp material to sooth his racing mind.
Slowly, Sherlock opened the door and peered inside, letting out a short gasp under his breath at the sight of his lover stood over the sink at the end of the room, his head down with one hand pinching the bridge of his nose and the other clenching the counter with a white-knuckled fist.
?” He asked himself. “Of course everything makes sense now, but why would you hide this from me? You could have put yourself in serious danger, John, are you that dim? No don’t answer that. Have you even been to see a doctor? Never mind of course you have. Why didn’t you
John wasn’t new anymore. John was old hat now, he supposed. Sherlock probably knew all there was to know about John, and if there was nothing left to figure out, then what was the point?
John made a noncommittal noise of agreement and stared into the fire for a bit longer. Sherlock looked to his left and could see John smirking to himself.
“Mike, is that- do we know him?” John asked, slapping at his friend’s shoulder to get his attention.
John sent the text and rubbed a hand over his face. At least the incessant texts from Sherlock might provide him some entertainment during the medical conference.
The time seemed to fly by, and before John knew it, he was back at the library with Sherlock, reluctantly revising for exams.
Still eyeing him warily, John pulled out his notebook and papers and set them in front of him. He looked across the table and scanned the pages of the book Sherlock was currently ensconced in, finding it to be advanced chemistry of some sort.
John looked to Sherlock’s eyes for reassurance that this was okay, and when he got a small nod in response, he took the final leap and pulled Sherlock in to kiss him.
. It’s about what you do, and the things you see and I can’t see the things you do. I don’t know what your face looked like when that dog bit a chunk out of your ankle, and I couldn’t for the life of me understand why I wanted to see your expression so bad.”
“When, then?” Sherlock snapped back. “When you trip over a stack of books in the sitting room and injure yourself?”
Smirking to himself, John brought the plates over to the fire, setting Sherlock’s down right by his knee before tucking into his dinner.
For a moment, Sherlock looked completely affronted, as if John had just offended him beyond measure.
“John, I don’t think you’ll want my hands…there, right now. They’re really quite cold,” Sherlock warned, seeming to relax a bit as he made himself more comfortable.
“You’re overthinking, John. You do in fact know what you’re doing, and I believe the thousand or so flash cards we just went through can attest to that.”
John gingerly touched a hand to the side of his head, and winced when he realized that it was blood and not melted snow that was making his hair wet. His ribs felt bruised as opposed to broken, so he took that as a good sign, but any hope of standing up was lost when he tried to move his left leg.
Sherlock stayed behind to pay the cabbie, and looked like he spoke to him for a bit before going back to join John on the steps.
John tried as hard as he could to quell the sudden pounding in his chest and heat rising in his cheeks.
John just shook his head lightly, got up to retrieve the bag that Sherlock had packed for him, and headed into one of the bedrooms.
“I should’ve told you sooner.” John admitted. “It was stupid of me, really. Honestly it was more work trying to hide the symptoms from you than actually dealing with them.”
“John? John, what's wrong?” Sherlock tried to keep his voice low, knowing John could be easily overwhelmed when he was in a lot of pain.
“Let’s hope so.” Greg sighed and turned around, absently eyeing up the people in the stands. “Bloody hell, is that
“But there had to have been, there had to—oh!” Sherlock clasped his hands together in front of his face, suddenly looking eerily gleeful.
John shrugged, feeling heat steadily rising in his cheeks. “I dunno, just to spend time together. Maybe get a coffee or something. Or whatever you’d want to do.”
Eventually, John was down to the last button. He looked up at Sherlock one more time before pulling his shirt off his shoulders and taking a deep breath. He didn’t hesitate when pulling off his t-shirt next, deciding that he simply wanted to get it over with.
“Well, yes, but I’m not seven anymore; I don’t have a bedtime, you know. Or a…or a job,” John said sadly.
“Oh, for God’s sake,” he grumbled, picking up his phone and pounding his fingers into the keys as if the device had personally offended him.
John laughed. “You know, this might be a bit forward, but something else that always seems to help me sleep is…having someone else in bed with me.”
John’s jaw went slightly slack as he took in the sight before him. Their normally tattered, sagging sofa was now covered in what looked to be just about every blanket that the two of them owned. There were pillows piled up by the arms of the sofa and all across the back, and sitting on one of the cushions was a pair of John’s pyjamas; the ones he would wear when he had nothing planned and intended to relax all day.
“Thank you for tonight, Sherlock. I needed it,” John said quietly. “No one’s ever done anything like this for me before,” he admitted, almost to himself.
John turned to look at him and sighed. “How can I not, Sherlock? I have a lot to do. I was supposed to be working on my paper tonight, and I’m gonna have to get to the library tomorrow to get this bloody book for the research I have to do, and—“
He set the violin down on his chair and flew through the house with his navy dressing gown billowing behind him.
Steeling himself, John opened the door and stepped inside, grateful for the warmth that greeted him. The smell of coffee, the dark hardwood floors, and the rickety chairs and tables that littered the space gave John a much welcomed feeling of calm.
“Ah, the classic love-hate dynamic. Wonderful. I suppose I could just pop out then.” Sherlock said, grabbing his scarf from where it lay on the chair by the door. He tucked it around his neck and continued to stare down at John, who had his head laid back and eyes closed in obvious fatigue.
John suddenly let out a pained groan and wrapped his arms around his stomach. He slumped forward until his head landed in the crook of Sherlock’s neck. He was practically a dead weight leaning on Sherlock, who had immediately wrapped his arms around him and found him to be trembling lightly.
“Right. So, I was thinking of going for a walk, if you wanted to join me. Maybe you could collect some more samples of…whatever that is.”
When the chipped green door of the flat slammed shut, John opened his eyes. He surveyed the room again, noting that his field of vision looked as if someone had put a vignette effect over it. He bit the inside of his lip and decided that he couldn’t put off the doctor’s visit any longer. He’d already pushed it back far too much than any intelligent medical man would, and silently berated himself as he set up an appointment.
“As satisfying as your reaction was, that one was not intentional. Also, I don’t understand why you couldn’t go to the shop. I thought you and the chip and PIN machine were on speaking terms again.”
John had been sleeping for over an hour, and in that time, Sherlock found that he couldn’t find one thing to focus on. The case was Lestrade’s problem now, he decided, realizing that whatever triggered John was most likely due to the nature of the case, and it would prove pointless to try to work
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist and tucked his head into the crook of his neck, feeling light and happy. “I do still need to have my eyes checked, though,” he reminded him.
“Your fingernails are groomed really neat, which is odd for a man, but…oh, your violin! You need to keep your nails short for playing violin.”
“Yeah, I suppose you already knew that,” John said. “I actually thought about joining the army at one point, but, well.” He frowned.
John shifted under the duvet, gripping the sheet tightly. He looked as if he were getting lost in thought as he stared at a nondescript spot on the floor. Sherlock began to worry he’d set off another panic attack.
He looked over at Greg driving and knew that he couldn’t tell him. What good would that do? He and Greg had only just started dating and John was not ready for the man to see the ugliest parts of him just yet.
Lestrade took a deep breath. “We were doing the same thing that we were doing in the room with you; looking over the photos of the other victims, but you said you needed space to ‘think’ remember?”
After a few more moments, Sherlock took the hand that wasn’t resting on John’s abdomen and placed it over his ear. He used this hold to tip the doctor’s head back so that it was sitting on his shoulder and the man was essentially staring at the ceiling.
John gave Sherlock’s duffle a final pat and went to go put his shoes and jacket on. Just a few hours of driving and then he’d be able to relax.
All day long, John had been asleep, and Sherlock had been bored, bored, bored. Didn’t John know how Sherlock hated to be bored?
He set down plates and utensils on the desk in the sitting room a bit more grumpily than necessary, having ordered some takeaway with the thought that he’d be able to get Sherlock to talk
When he dragged his bare feet into the sitting room, he was almost startled to see John’s small frame resting in the armchair. The man was half asleep; head slumped over to where it was practically on the armrest.
John clenched his teeth and bit back a smart remark. “And it’s been taking a bit of a toll on me, yeah? I’m not you, remember? I can’t just go flying about on three hours sleep like a damned wind-up toy.”
“Oh,” the doctor looked a bit embarrassed. “well I wasn’t much for sleep last night after, well you know. I got up early, figuring you would. I was just waiting to see if you still needed me. I didn’t want to just leave. Must’ve dozed off.”
John hadn’t seen Sherlock since he met him in the library a few days ago and he still wasn’t sure whether or not Sherlock had decided to come to the game. Now John’s eyes were flitting through the countless faces gathered around the field, desperately trying to spot the familiar shock of dark brown curls.
It didn’t take long for the shorter man to be ushered onto a stretcher with an oxygen mask practically glued to his face. Sherlock watched as he was rushed into an ambulance and taken away. He and Lestrade stood on the stoop of the house, watching the vehicle race down the street.
Sherlock knew something was wrong, something that probably couldn’t be fixed with a shower and a cup of Earl Grey, so he fished out his mobile from his pocket and called for an ambulance.
“Oi, don’t bring that up, he was way out of my league. Plus it’s not like I could go out with him after I realized I was in love with
John found that he was having the same problem when reaching for a mug. He kept trying to grab it, but his vision was blurring inconsistently. He was so focused on trying to get a mug down that he didn't register Sherlock stepping into the kitchen to stand uncomfortably close behind him.
“The night you were abducted. Or at least I assume you were taken. Tell me what happened.” The taller man leaned forward, put his elbows on his knees and clasped his hands below his chin, looking eager to listen. John took a moment to compose his thoughts.
“I can imagine.” Sherlock was still tracing lines over the images, and John imagined him making deductions about each one. “Can I?” he asked.
?” John shot back. He didn’t even have time to react before Sherlock’s hands were on his upper arms, holding him steady.
He’d have to stop this panic before it started, then, had to suck it up and get over it like his father had always told him to do. Maybe if he could do that for once, just deal with it, and-
He’d angrily scowled his way through the forest for a good half an hour when the trees started to become denser, the terrain a little rougher. But he wasn’t acknowledging the scenery, he was too busy thinking of all the things he could have been doing back at home. He could have gone to the surgery, made some much needed money. He could have tidied up the flat, or did the shopping, or wrote up the last case on his blog. But instead he was dragged out to a holiday with his best mate who somehow forgot he existed.
“You okay?” John asked. Sherlock had chosen not to drink at all, the memory of the last time he’d had too much still fresh in his mind.
Kneeling down next to the sofa, Sherlock reached out and carefully ran his fingers through John’s muddied hair, feeling as if it was the first time that he’d truly looked at John’s face since they’d arrived. He hated the scrapes and dried blood that ran down John’s cheek, hated the bruise that was beginning to form under his eye, hated how John looked pained even when unconscious, but mostly, he hated himself for causing all of this in the first place.
John let out a relieved breath and sat forward a bit. He put his face in his hands and wiped at his tired eyes.
“Yes, you do. You fall into a tired heap on your bed after every game and don’t get up for practically an entire day. You’re
John dragged his hands over his face and sighed. “Fine, maybe I do like that we’re getting away for a bit, but do you think you could’ve found a different way of letting me know the plan?”
“John Watson, I think I may very well love you. Now,” Sherlock shot up from his seat, “get your coat back on. We’re going to dinner.”
“Nope. My room; you know the drill," he said, careening his friend through the entryway to the kitchen.
John was sleeping. Or rather, he was pretending to sleep. After John had been admitted to the hospital last night, he hadn’t done much other than sleep, or pretend to in an effort to ignore Sherlock’s presence.
,” Sherlock sneered. “That’s all you can do, isn’t it? All you do is take care of other people so that you can feel better about yourself, yes? To try to convince yourself that you’re nothing like your father? To raise your otherwise declining self-esteem? I’m not an idiot, John; I know you only befriended me because you saw me as something that needed to be fixed, but I am not your patient, or your project, or your charity case and I would very much appreciate it if you
“Anytime, dears. I’ll just leave you two to enjoy your night now,” she said, giving them a wink for good measure before heading back behind the counter.
“Because you know as well I do that it comes with the territory. If you want to avoid danger then you may as well stop going on cases altogether. Or shall I just stick to solving domestic love affairs from now on? Though in saying that, those can get quite gruesome, as well.”
“No, Sherlock, it’s…thank you. I’ll be very sore and grumpy for a while but I should be better after a good rest, maybe a hot bath, when I can make the trek to the loo without cringing. You don’t have to worry, okay?”
Now John was walking with shaking hands stuffed into his pockets, hoping that Sherlock couldn’t hear how heavily he was breathing.
The next morning, John was startled out of reading the paper when Sherlock’s deep baritone sliced through the silence.
If you have any suggestions for some John!whump, feel free to let me know! General feedback is also greatly appreciated! Thanks for reading!
John had been silent the entire cab ride home, so naturally Sherlock expected him to start talking almost as soon as they’d walked through the door, but instead, John simply looked at him and motioned for them to sit down.
“Thank god that’s over,” John said, taking one last look at the building he wouldn’t be seeing for a good few weeks. “If I had to listen that man talk for another minute I think I’d have jumped out the bloody window. Good thing we’ve got a break now, yeah?”
Back at Baker Street, John stoically refused help when going up the steps, but Sherlock stood behind him with a hand out just in case.
Sherlock had been told, in a plethora of unnecessary medical terms, that John had been in a terrible state, and was lucky to have gotten help when he did. They said he’d sustained no physical injuries, but he would be incredibly weak and would have to stay under observation for at least a few days. One of the nurses informed him that he should be waking up soon.
“You do, don’t you?” John used his free hand to cup the back of Sherlock’s neck and bring him in for a kiss. “Thank you,” he said.
“I don’t know who you are, I don’t know anything about you, I’ve just woken up in a hospital and you want me to talk to you?”
“Well, that’s very kind of you to say, but let’s try to avoid the broken leg, yeah? And the broken ribs and the concussion and the whole being locked in a cellar thing, while we’re at it.”
John nodded, paused for a moment and pursed his lips. “The thing is, I’m going to need a new walking stick.” He stated.
“Yes, very funny, let’s just keep this moving, yeah?” John motioned to Greg, letting him know it was his turn to spin.
Most students had long gone home by the time John and Sherlock walked out of the library, leaving empty shells of the halls and classrooms that they passed on their way. They had ended up talking for hours, John easily pushing his work to the side in favour of listening to Sherlock tell him more about his experiments.
John frowned at the image of himself that greeted him in the mirror of the bathroom. It was a sad, tired reflection, which was why John loathed mirrors; they could never lie. The bags under his eyes seemed to get more pronounced every day, though that could have very well been his imagination.
“Yeah, well, there you go,” John finished sadly. Sherlock could tell he was verging on falling asleep again.
It wasn’t fair, Sherlock thought, crossing his little arms on John’s mattress and plopping his head down with a huff. It’d been almost a week since he and John played together, because every time he’d walked over and knocked on John’s door, he was told that John was still sick. And even worse, John had been in hospital the day before because of his fever, so now that he was home, Sherlock knew he wouldn’t be able to play for even longer.
“It might be better to leave it for now,” he said. “You haven’t eaten dinner, which is grossly out of character for you, and frankly a little concerning.”
Sherlock only continued to retch in response. John decided to push back Sherlock’s hair a bit when he saw that his fringe was falling over his eyes.
“Sorry,” he said. “Didn’t mean to have a kip on your sofa. I didn’t get much sleep last night, or the night before,”
“I know of Mike and I happen to live with Greg. They’re not actually my friends, and you know that.”
John smiled down at his phone and thought maybe the next hour of this presentation wouldn’t be so dull after all.
John pulled out his phone from his pocket, intent on checking his blog for any comments, only to be stopped by the lack of internet connection.
“How could you be bored?” John asked, crossing the room to stand next to Sherlock. “You said someone asked you to solve a case for them yesterday.”
“John,” Sherlock said one chilly evening, sitting in his armchair and not even looking up at the doctor.
“She was a wealthy woman, going by the jewelry and clothing,” John started, “She was single. She wasn’t expecting to be attacked, having probably just gotten done getting ready for a date, but her attacker was certainly prepared, because her neck has been pretty precisely broken. I’d say the killer is most likely whoever she was about to go out on the town with, otherwise you would’ve either received a call from her would-be date, or already interviewed him.” He finished.
