Bucky clapped his shoulder in greeting, seeming not to care that he was intruding on a conversation, and grinned brightly at the last words he caught. “Talkin’ about Toni?” he asked, and the familiarity in the address made him remember the odd expression of hope that had come over her face when Peggy and Steve had mentioned a rescue operation. It seemed that his best friend was on friendly terms with the resident inventor… or perhaps more than friendly? God knew it never took Bucky very long.
The third, and arguably the most important thing that Tony noticed, was that the aforementioned goons steps sounded like they were walking
Not that she hadn’t already almost done that. Twice, actually, she had nearly grabbed onto a rickety hand- or foot-hold and if it weren’t for the quick reflexes she’d been honing all her life, she’d have dropped all the way back down, probably burying herself alive in the process. It was only then that she’d realized how lucky she and Maico were to have landed in an air bubble or sorts; and only now that she realized how precarious her debris prison was.
“Hey, c’mon.” Tony softened just as quickly, leaning closer and cupping a hand around his neck. The contact was like a hot brand on Steve’s already heated skin, and he relished it even as his genius gently nudged him upwards so that they were face to face. “I’m gonna ask you this one more time, because you still haven’t given me a real answer. What’s going on with you, Steve?”
As if summoned by the thought of him, a projection of Loki appeared alongside him.
For a long moment, Coulson didn’t speak, but before Toni could break the silence by asking him what was on his mind, he uttered a quiet, “You’re welcome.” He seemed to hesitate for another long moment, before touching a hand to her elbow, stopping her in place. He waited until she was looking up at him before adding, “If he’s a problem, let me know. I can see about hurrying the process along to send him back.”
Steve followed behind Toni and Peter with the helplessness of a man who knew he had irrevocably hurt the woman he loved, but was at a loss on how to fix it. When Toni had flinched away from his arms, it had destroyed him even worse than Peter’s tears or his rebuke, because the thought of her fearing him was worse than anything Steve had ever faced.
“I wouldn’t have stopped until I did,” he confirmed lowly, and maybe Toni also hadn’t realized just how much she’d treasure the promise, because warmth almost bowled her over with it. “But please… please try not to scare me like that again,” he entreated, so openly vulnerable that Toni felt as if he’d reached into her chest and squeezed her heart in his fist. “I know you can’t promise me anything,” he added, before she could figure out how to meet his words, “but please just tell me that you’ll always fight back. I need you to always fight back.”
It would be a little while, she conceded. For both of them. All of them.
She started to open her mouth, a resigned look in her eyes that told Steve she was conceding to his request, when someone yelled his name.
So distracted was he by his residual concern, that Steve had nearly exited her tent before realizing that there
“Why weren’t you with her, at the start?”
he confirmed, and Nat closed her eyes for the briefest moment, letting the relief flood through her veins.
She rolled her eyes, looking haughty, but before Steve could write the gesture off as another time that she was being a spoilt brat, she surprised him by grabbing the older man’s elbow. “No more tests, Colonel Cynical,” she shot back, sounding light on the surface if one were to overlook the hardness in her eyes. “I understand your dubiousness and appreciate your support, but Rogers has nothing to prove. Not to you, certainly not to me, not to anyone on this base.”
And then there was the love. That was something that was always present in his eyes when Steve looked at her, and something that Toni hoped would be present for the rest of their lives. Hoped that she could never do something to make that love absent when he looked upon her.
She knew without asking, in that moment, that Steve had roped one of the team into babysitting. She’d removed the soundproofing of their room after adopting Peter, and since then, the only times that they’d indulged in being loud, was when they were sure they were alone. It made something inside Toni buzz with satisfaction to know that Steve had been intending on wringing some noise from her.
As it were, his ferocious other half, so to speak, was positively adoring of the genius. Whenever Toni was injured, be it in battle or a simple lab accident, the Other Guy expressed his disapproval very loudly and vocally to the scientist; for the Hulk, it was as simple as Toni being nice to him. His friend. Friends needed to be protected. End of story.
Impulse had nearly thrown him right into the dent they’d made of the collapsed building, but it was a combination of Bucky and Rhodes, of all people, who’d pulled him back and dragged him to a spot of relative safety behind the floodlights that a construction crew had set up to help them continue their rescue efforts.
In a graceless tangle of limbs, they all made it back onto the relative solidness of the train, and Steve grabbed both Toni and Bucky in a hug, trembling with the force of his relief and excess adrenaline. Both of them clung right back, although Steve was pretty sure his girlfriend was holding back on account of her suit, but none of it mattered because they were both safe.
Steve would have liked to pretend to be the bigger man – pun completely intended – and offer some kind of comfort to his best friend, but after all those years being dragged around by Bucky, who always had the eye of every dame in a ten-foot radius? “Don’t take it so hard,” he smirked, patting the other man’s shoulder patronizingly. “Maybe she’s got a friend.”
,” Tony spat under his breath, still rankling at the idea. Steve thought he needed to be treated like a wilting flower? A damsel in distress who needed protecting from his mob boss boyfriend’s enemies? Tony was going to withhold sex for such a long time. Hours, even. Probably.
Pushing away the guilt, Toni made her voice light and playful. “Just my ego, Legolas. The kid I’m with is wearing a t-shirt with Big Green on it.”
Barnes had asked earlier, a few minutes before Tony could leave for CT.
Pulling back with the purpose of declaring his intentions, Steve instead found his voice caught in his throat as he looked at his love.
Before he could offer any response, Loki was gone again, and Thor was alone on the rooftop with no chance of Toni Stark sneaking up behind him and granting him the comfort that he so deeply wished for.
Peter’s lip wobbled, but he valiantly held back his tears. “He’s makin’ you food, he promised we could come give it to you but I ran on in front,” the little boy answered softly, hurt dimming his eyes. “Did you get an ouchie?” he asked, reaching for her still slightly bloody palms. She carefully closed her hands into fists, ignoring the pain, so that Peter didn’t have to see the incriminating evidence.
Smug smile lifting her features, she leaned back against the desk. “J, Workshop Number Three, suitable for company, if you will,” she spoke pleasantly, not bothering to raise her voice or make any effort to direct her AI towards what she wanted of him.
For every one of those mornings, he’d promised Toni that Peter would be happy and safe. He’d told the little boy that school would be an adventure that he’d love, once he gave it a proper try. He’d made the reassurances and done the comforting, and he’d been wrong, because his son was… was…
Here was some of that storm of relief.
A woman burst through the crowd from his left, incoherent and sobbing, and scooped up the little boy as the suit deposited him gently to the ground. The kid’s mother, he assumed, judging from her wails and the way the little boy clung to her, crying his own relief and happiness. She pulled back only to press kisses to his face wherever she could reach, and though it was a heartwarming reunion, Steve just couldn’t find it in himself to feel any joy for it.
The same words spoken, what seemed like an age ago now, back when he hadn’t known that the love of his life was behind the distorted voice and impenetrable helmet.
He looked directly at Barnes as he said that, eyes blazing, hoping that the man would pass the message on to whoever else was on Steve’s payroll and had dumbass “
, he aimed his thought at Maria Stark, hoping that wherever she was, she would hear it.
“No,” the voice snapped, losing its taunting edge for a moment as he got flustered. “I meant The Captain. He should say hello to you.”
Wisely, she angled her sling-supported arm in front of her, almost wishing that Bruce hadn’t bandaged and braced it before they’d arrived. If anything, the mottled mess might have thrown Natasha off long enough for Toni to make a break for it.
And no, that definitely wasn’t a pulse of huffy jealousy that Steve was feeling.
His best friend shot him a look of genuine confusion. “Where woulda been the fun in that?”
“Let’s get one thing straight, Snowflake,” Toni said mock-haughtily, lowering herself gingerly on to the seat next to Bucky’s. “I’m nobody’s co-pilot.
” to follow.
“I didn’t think for a second that you’d go after Stevie,” Bucky continued, ignoring him, and if this was an apology, then it was a really bad one. “I didn’t think for a second that you loved him enough to risk…”
He cut her off by yanking her impossibly closer into his chest. Finally, she looked up at him, and as soon as she did, Steve caught her lips in a deep and possessive kiss. A small noise in the back of her throat made him deepen it, mapping out her mouth with his tongue like he was trying to memorize every detail. His hands were clamped around her waist and hips, proprietary because he could never stop feeling the need to make sure everyone knew that the amazing woman was his and his alone, and he relished every point of contact between her body and his.
who took those hits so that I wouldn’t have to,
“STOP! Hold the radiation, we need to dial it back as soon as we have him stabilized and then we- DAD! Stop, right THE FUCK NOW!” Even as he screamed again, Steve heard her switch from barking out scientific sounding orders to cussing out her father as he presumably disagreed with her approach. She cut off abruptly, for a fraction of a second, but then started right back up again, cursing in what sounded like a completely different language as Erskine and Carter joined in the yelling, backing up Toni’s orders.
Her faceplate drew up with a dull clang and Toni spared a moment to wonder what they saw when they looked at her. Whatever it was, it was enough to make one of them dissolve into pleas, and another, the one on his knees, start shaking like a leaf.
“Miss Toni!” Maico all but leaped from Bucky’s arms, and despite knowing that the soldier’s grip wouldn’t falter, Toni adjusted herself accordingly and caught Maico, pulling the little boy on to her lap and rigidly avoiding flinching from the horrific pain that streaked up her arm at the jolt.
“Shut up, Steve,” Tony mumbled into his mouth, kissing the apology away, eyes tellingly damp as he trembled slightly in Steve’s arms. “You got me, now.”
Trying to psych himself up internally, Steve walked back to the armor, feigning calm. He only hesitated for a split second before identifying himself.
Steve didn’t seem to need any clarification on her words, as his eyes slipped closed and another shuddering breath coursed through his body. Maybe it had meant more than she’d realized, because inexplicably, his muscles relaxed as tension started to ebb away.
Steve had been the one who’d offered him a new job on the side of good; but Toni had been the one to offer him a new
But for right then, Toni and Steve held on to each other with the desperation of lovers; they slept restlessly, constantly awaking to reassure each other that things were alright and that they were together and safe and nothing could touch them, here.
And why did that even matter? Steve didn’t want to take the risk of hurting Tony more than he already inadvertently had, so it was a good thing that the door had closed on anything romantic between them.
talk about my Toni like that again, or broken ribs will be the
Instead, she found herself choking out, “He cried.”
Help had arrived.
Tony sighed, a cavernous and wretched sound that reached across the expanse of gym between them and punched into Steve’s gut. He hated hearing his genius sound like that; hated it even more than he hated the fact that he’d lost the one he loved because once again, he’d been too slow to act, too slow to make a move and take what he wanted. What had been his to take, if he’d just been quick enough, brave enough, strong enough.
Steve felt his stomach swoop unpleasantly at the hesitation from Pepper, but he staggered a little further away from a now-silent, frightened Peter and forced himself to ask. “Then, what?”
In a smooth motion, he was across the threshold and kicking the door closed as he gathered Toni close to his chest and kissed her long and deep. She melted into his arms, surrendering to the kiss in a way that never failed to thrill him, because here was this strong, independent, feisty woman and she was giving him the amazing gift of yielding to him. It was positively
Reaching up to take Uncle Loki’s hand with his, Peter began to drag him to the window seat. It was big and comfy, usually used for bedtime stories with one or both of his parents, or a lullaby with Mommy before bed, and a couple times, Mommy had shown him the stars from there. Most importantly, it was the only place that would work for his plan.
she added dryly, and Jim smiled faintly at the reminder of the first time she’d told him that.
The thing was, the Soldier wasn’t so much a mindset as a wholly different personality. Toni had explained it best, once, likening the Soldier to the Hulk, in that they both had a conscience and mind and decision-making and logical capabilities completely separate to that of their hosts, so to speak. The Soldier was created to the sole purpose of fulfilling a mission, but since breaking out of HYDRA’s hold, had gotten a chance to develop an existence through Bucky. That had just been another thing to freak him out, before, concerned as he was about how those developments would affect his ability to control the personality; and by control, of course, he meant pack away in the hopes of it never seeing the light of day again.
As if he was reading Steve’s mind, Bucky added, “The universe just ain’t givin’ me a break. I get rid of one sick best friend, and gained another. Fuckin’ great.” Though he was grousing, it was clear to Steve that Bucky meant his words in jest, a way to reclaim the fear and horror of the situation and turn it into something a little lighter, a little easier to manage.
Steve laughed, a wet and trembling sound that could just as well have been a desperate mumbling of gratitude to every deity he could think of.
The most dangerous thing in the world, is the thing that people don’t see coming…
Count comforts, and count every minute of the agonizingly long remaining 3 hours of the journey.
As Toni pretended to shuffle around, Steve caught the barely-there flicker of her lips, and amusement assaulted him again. Anyone who only knew the public persona of Antonietta Stark, would never have guessed that she’d have been sensitive enough to indulge a little kid’s quest to stealthily bring her breakfast in bed. Hell, Steve himself might not have guessed it, if not for the ways he’d seen Toni defy all expectation when it came to the kid.
Toni hummed in contentment as Steve kissed her, lazy but thorough, with just a hint of the possessiveness that he sometimes got when he was feeling particularly territorial of her.
she quipped back, somehow managing to stretch some playful flirtiness over what Steve could identify all too clearly as fatigue and pain.
Even if she had to break all her bones to get there.
Certainly, he hadn’t.
Okay! For the Italian that Toni says to Steve, you guys can feel free to google a translation, but if you want to be surprised like Steve, wait till next chapter! I'll have Toni telling him there ;)
“Hey, honey,” she tutted gently, forehead creasing in empathy as Maico only reached out for her. Biting back the pain in her arm, she pulled him on to her lap, allowing him to curl himself into as small a ball as he could manage so as to cling to her. Wrapping both arms around him, she rocked them gently from side to side, the way she did when Peter had one of his more vivid nightmares and refused to so much as look at anyone else, or even entertain the notion of letting Toni out of his sight. This was familiar to her, at least, and it didn’t rankle as much as she thought it might, that her powers were limited to being motherly at a time when she thought she should have figured a way out by then. “You’re alright, sweetheart, I’m sorry I had to do that, okay? I’m so sorry.”
With painstakingly slow, but almost soundless movements, Tony inched the blindfold off his head. Patience was never his strong suit, but then he’d been in situations like this before and knew all too well the value of it, so he forced himself to lock down every other urge. Steve’s life was at stake here, and that was way more important than lashing out and appeasing the temper was still simmering on a low boil since he’d first stormed out of the study earlier in the afternoon.
put some idiotic protocol in place that basically tells me to fuck right off and let you die, then you and I will have nothing left to say to one another.” His voice broke multiple times as he spoke, composure cracking now that they were safe and at home and
The thought played on repeat in Steve’s mind; like a broken soundtrack that was interspersed with frequent images in front of his eyes, of Toni hurt and in pain.
Steve was struck with the notion that he was completely absent from whatever moment the two men seemed to be having. They looked at each other like they were having their own, silent conversation, and it hit the back of his throat like spoiled milk because he wasn’t used to not having at least a fraction of Tony’s attention. Especially not on these nights; these nights that were meant to be his and his alone.
“My armour,” she answered in a clipped voice instead. “The guys who came after you will more than likely want the chance to get a chunk out of me, too, and in that eventuality, I’d prefer to have my Iron Woman suit on hand.”
Nodding silently, not trusting her words, Toni hoped that Thor understood how much his words meant to her. How happy she was to be home, to have survived to come back to them.
Tony didn’t even turn towards the ex-Sergeant. “If you’re looking for an emotional heart-to-heart, go call up your ex-girlfriend or something,” he snapped, flicking the completed gun design towards the fabricators almost viciously. “I have neither the time nor the inclination to it.”
Warmed by the memory, it was a little easier for Toni to stop thinking about all the ways in which everything could go wrong, and just focus on trying to get back home. To get back to her family, which had grown since then but was no less precious to her.
“Twelve more years,” the redhead grumbled, but hugged back with infinite care. “When that kid leaves, you’ll be fair game.”
Steve thought the answer was obvious. “It was an emergency trip. I had to stay to look after Peter.”
The phone broke apart in Steve’s hand.
Steve focused his attention on Phillips, dismissing Howard Stark from his mind. The man was still as derisive of him as he had been when Steve had been scrawny and short, and for some reason, that rankled him more than any drunk patron or back alley bully ever had. Before he could offer up even a token defense, he was being skillfully talked into something else, and even without asking, Steve somehow knew that he wasn’t going to like it.
The Thunder God shook his head in the negative. “The Captain is on his way to her, along with the Hulk and the Winter Soldier,” he replied grimly. “For now, I’m meant to be holding the fort at the home base and guarding the little one.”
The practiced way that she began sewing up the graze, a neat row of stitches that told a story of steady hands that should have been shaking with pain, made Steve vaguely ill. If anything, he realized distantly, he’d have to seriously reevaluate his firm belief that Toni Stark was a spoilt, entitled Daddy’s princess.
He looked relieved at the answer, gifting her with another sweet smile as she got back to work on the helmet. “Miss Toni?”
Fate.
because he wasn’t losing his brother today.
But that had been before. And like many of the little ways he’d grown since coming to live at the tower, ‘before’ denoted a time when he hadn’t been as close to Toni as he had become since the lab incident. There were so many things that he could attribute to the genius’ influence on him, but this? Forming a sort of peaceful co-existence with the Soldier? That was quite easily the thing he was most thankful to Toni for…
He’d shown her that it wasn’t a weakness to give into her emotions, and taught her how to, in the same way. He held her when she woke up screaming against the demons in her head, and he held her when the pain got to be too much to keep from crying. He held her when she couldn’t stop trembling at the idea of her son being harmed in their line of work, and he held her when one of the team got hurt and she could barely stand for the guilt that ravaged her. He even held her when nothing more was wrong than a simply shitty day with an overbearing Board member or a difficult upgrade. And it made all the difference in the world.
She loved their surrogate family for staying immobile as she and Steve made their way slowly forward; for sensing, correctly, that she needed a moment with her son, a moment she only wanted shared by Steve.
It was probably for the best that Toni didn’t remove her arm from his.
All the flashbacks here! Hope you guys enjoyed the other dabbles and the fluff, and for those of you who were as hurt by Endgame as I was, you can count on copious amounts of fluff from me in an attempt to make things better. Also, I'm about to post another fem!Toni fic that isn't part of this verse, but has a lot of fluff if you need it! <3
“Everything okay, darling?” he asked her in a low voice as they broke apart, using his foot to close the door. She stayed leaning into him, in a way that would have made Steve think she was drunk, if not for the firm knowledge and proof he had that she hadn’t gotten drunk since they’d gotten together.
Hobbling sluggishly towards the front of the jet, Toni figured she could keep company with Bucky while her lover and science bro rested. The former assassin, like herself, was a little more tolerant of sleep deprivation than the others, and it wouldn’t have been the first time that they’d kept each other awake in the interest of finishing a project or warding off nightmares or a flashback.
Easier said than done, but he had to try.
enough – to make a move on her son. To do so, would be to court pain and suffering and ultimate death, and Toni had to believe that she’d made that abundantly clear to the world.
They sat in silence until Bruce tied off his last stitch, and without needing to be asked, the scientist quietly excused himself after pressing a gentle kiss to Toni’s cheek. Rhodey waited until Bruce was out of earshot before he spoke, but Toni wasn’t sure whether that was intentional, or incidental while the military man regained composure. She was leaning towards the former, until she heard the shaky inhalation from Rhodey that spoke of his own fear since he’d heard about her predicament.
Steve’s face settled into a familiar look of determination. Whatever decision he’d taken in that charged moment between them, Toni knew, would not be swayed or fought with any argument.
A few years earlier, Steve might have been incensed at the disregard Tony was showing in the face of their opponent having any one of them at knifepoint, but now, he saw the minute shift in concentration as keen eyes searched out weak points and possible avenues of attack.
Mother Material.
His hands found her hips and, mindless with desire, he yanked her forward, dragging her across the bed to its edge and groaning lowly when she took the cue to unfold her legs and wrap them around his waist instead. In an instant, he stood, taking her with him and turning them around so that when he sat on the bed, she was seated snugly on his lap. Immediately, Toni shifted forward, pressed as close as she could, rocking down against the straining bulge in his pants. Steve jerked his hips upwards in response, a grunt of pleasure falling from his lips, and he was rewarded with the hottest little whimper that had him already plotting ways to wrangle the sound from Toni again. Starting with undoing some of the buttons on her shirt that was regretfully keeping her from his view.
Hell, she might just have done.
“Thought you were done with the weapons of destruction thing?” Bucky asked, somehow managing to sound both snide and accusatory, and Tony had to actively remind himself that Steve loved his best friend and probably wouldn’t be pleased if Tony used him as target practice.
“Go,” Toni told him, voice ragged and torn in a way he’d never heard before as Steve glared in the direction the man had gone. She didn’t look up at him, but he knew she was crying as she shuffled closer to Erskine, holding both his hands with hers. “Go.” Though grief emanated from her in waves, it was clear that Toni wasn’t going to leave the scientist’s side until he didn’t need her there anymore.
He saw Toni the next morning before the serum was scheduled to be tested on him, but before he could make a move to greet her, test the waters or something, he was intercepted by Dr. Erskine. The doctor had him out of his shirt and on to a table in a flurry of words, and just when he thought that he was being given a break as the scientist called out for Stark, he found out that the Stark in question was instead the senior one; all flashy and bold as the flying car he’d flaunted as his expo.
he deadpanned, and Toni adored Bruce all the more in that moment.
A quick check of her watch; because she didn’t possess the presence of mind to guestimate it; told Toni that they’d been under for just over eleven hours. That didn’t bode entirely well for her; on a rough calculation, based on her and the kid and the amount of oxygen they depleted on average, against the vague estimation of the size of the room, they had about 38 hours of air, but she had to consider the additional variable of their carbon dioxide outtake. For every breath they expelled, they were increasing the CO2 toxicity in their small space, and if her estimates were right, the hypercapnia would kill them before hypoxia did. Therefore, working on those numbers, their time was decreased, drastically, to about 23 hours.
-J <3
And that was saying a lot, in his opinion.
“Of course, my darling,” Steve answered dutifully, sarcasm thick in his voice. It might’ve offended her if there wasn’t also affection dancing in his eyes. “Everything alright over there?” He paused, studying her, and something like worry made his forehead crease. “You haven’t slept since we left.”
That weariness mellowed out when Peter clambered up on to his lap and snuggled into his chest, making the blond smile softly.
still feel that. “How could you have known?” she asked reasonably; or, her closest attempt at it. She still felt somewhat like she’d been scraped raw from the inside out, and was trying to clumsily find her feet with reality again.
Steve cringed, but took comfort from the way Tony squeezed his hand, and laid his free palm over Steve’s, where it still spanned his jaw. “Person,” he repeated dully. Not man or woman, but person, in general.
Bucky shifted in place and Steve watched as he pulled out his Starkphone, swiping a few buttons.
Fuck. Steve had known that he wasn’t going to like the plan.
What was waiting for him on there?
Bucky grinned, affection softening his features. “I’m just sayin’, Doll, you ain’t indestructible.”
Clearing her throat, she nodded. “I can do that,” she confirmed, heart aching at how instantaneous and powerful the relief was, that crossed Steve’s face. “I promise. I’ll be okay.”
Scrubbing a hand viciously over his face, as if that would erase the thought and therefore make it unable to be true, Steve rasped, “We need a plan. We need to regroup, figure out how to get to her and how much time we have to do it in.”
“Alright, sweetie, we’re gonna get you home, okay?” she promised softly, gratified when the words made Maico look up at her with heartbreakingly earnest hope and trust in his eyes. “You’re going to have to close your eyes and trust me, honey, can you do that for me?”
In times like this, it became all too clear just how much Peter remembered about the loss of his family. Although he’d come such a far way in recovering from that horrific experience, and although he had been young enough not to understand most of it, there was still the irrevocable end result; loss. A baby or not, Peter had always been aware that he’d lost something that day. To have latched onto Toni as he did, and to lose that again, could cause such damage to an already fragile heart, and obviously, Peter had cottoned on to the real possibility of it in the past two days.
“I was thinking more along the lines of that little French bistro you liked, but Jesus, you’re never gonna let me live that one down, are you?” Cole laughed, fondness lighting up his eyes. He looked at Tony in the way that a lover would; with affection, lust, and a little bit of secrecy.
And was rewarded when, against the backdrop of the rising sun painting the Manhattan skyline a soft orange, he spotted Tony.
Tony shrugged, but it was a motion that was forced to look casual. “We were kids. What did we know?”
Almost like a suit of armor, he guessed.
“Tony Stark, as I live and breathe.”
For one who’d never had people to call his own, Clint was fiercely possessive of those he did.
Bucky in no way discredited what his best friend had done for him; they were brothers till the end of the line, and Steve had seen him farther than that, too; but the real surprise in everything had been Toni. The woman who had every right in the world to hate him with an unparalleled passion, had instead seen fit to open her home to him. To extend a helping hand. To help soothe the traumas in his mind that he rightly deserved to go through.
Her silence said it all.
There was nobody like Toni Stark, period.
Toni reacted instinctively, throwing herself over Maico and ordering JARVIS to open up the suit as rubble began to fall around them. Broken pieces of concrete and stone and metal was filling their little air bubble, destroying it, and she could only vaguely be aware of it when the little boy erupted into a crying jag. He clung to her, limiting her maneuverability, but through some miraculous feat, Toni managed to turn them around so she could put him in the suit.
It was a testament, too, to the reluctant affection that Loki seemed to have gained for young Peter during these infrequent visits with Stark, that he didn’t scoff at the notion of Thor obeying orders instead of helping Toni. Instead, he nodded once, looking displeased and agitated. Though he understood the sentiment, Thor was helpless to offer his brother any platitudes. They had both been raised with the clear knowledge of how fragile human life was.
Rhodey thought to himself, steeling his heart against the sickening image of his pseudo little sister, hurt and scared and reaching out for help. Then, as he did at any time that he needed a bolstering of determination, he reminded himself of the motto he’d appropriated from Toni herself.
Smiling slightly, she dipped forward and pressed a kiss to his forehead. “You really are the ‘one with strength’, Maico. Your mama named you just right,” she told him softly, ruffling his hair.
Without conscious thought to the action, he knelt at the scientist’s other side. Toni didn’t even acknowledge him, instead continuing to try to put pressure on the wound despite knowing, as she had to, that it was a pointless endeavour.
(It wouldn’t be until much later that Steve would realize the flare of heat didn’t make an appearance while Bucky spoke to Peggy.)
And the stubborn woman still insisted that she wasn’t mother material, whatever that was supposed to mean.
Pushing it away when Peggy asked how he was feeling, he forced his head up, finding himself making a quick scan of his surroundings despite himself, to try and spot Toni before answering. “Taller,” he summarized glibly, waiting expectantly for the huff of laughter or sarcastic comment that he realized a second too late, he’d been counting on hearing from the inventor. He didn’t get either.
Toni informed them curtly, sounding more like a soldier than the woman he loved with all his heart.
The worst part about being trapped underneath a goddamn building wasn’t the multitude of injuries she’d sustained in the wreckage, nor the inability to dig herself out, or even the dreary lack of light.
That was when Jim had realized something very important.
He waited for her to notice him in the doorway, smiling softly at her when she did and taking her hand when she was close enough. Without a word, he led her back to their room, and as they entered, he turned her around, catching her around the waist and leaning down to press a deep kiss to her lips. He savoured the taste of her, the scent of her, the feel of her pressed into his arms, and for the life of him, Steve couldn’t figure out how she made him miss her for all of the eight hours they’d been apart.
“Hey, lay off, alright?” Steve shot back a little too sharply, forgetting about asking advice on approaching Toni while he was busy defending her. “Toni’s great. She works herself to the bone for us and she never even expects so much as a thank you.”
Steve rose to his knees and brushed his fingers along the inside of her thigh. “Think you’re ready for me, baby?” he asked, even as he shucked off his sweats and boxers. Toni grazed her teeth over her bottom lip automatically, fighting against the needy sounds that were building up in her throat. “None of that,” Steve demanded when he glanced up and caught the movement. Pointedly, he thumbed her bottom lip until she released it. “I want to hear you, sweetheart. Every. Single. Sound.”
And Steve got the impression that there was no shortage of those people around her.
Without another word or a backwards glance, Stark turned on her heel and left, thumbs hooked habitually as they were in the belt loops of the trousers that she stubbornly favoured over regulation women’s uniform or standard skirts and dresses. Not for the first time, Steve noticed how the movement stretched the denim snugly over Stark’s figure (it was purely an artist thing, aesthetic eye and all that) and before he could get too caught up in wanting to sketch the enigmatic hurricane of a dame, he switched his focus back to Erskine.
On the plus side, he would find that he hadn’t been
It had been late, by the time he’d gotten back to base, so Steve hadn’t stopped by Toni’s tent the way he normally did. He regretted it in the morning when, after venturing into the tent that Toni used for most of her testing and inventing, he caught sight of the genius braced against her desk, looking pale and shaky and completely unsteady on her feet.
Steve let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. Toni…
Steve instructed her firmly, something fierce slipping into his tone. As though he could impress his own determination over her wellbeing onto her.
After all, she always caught him whenever he jumped.
“Okay,” he agreed quickly, sensing that this was the best he was going to get. For now. “But we work on my definition of an emergency, not yours.”
Bucky, the little shit, only smiled, big and broad. “Fuck, it took you long enough,” he said cheerfully, holding his hand up for another drink and settling back on his stool. “It’s never a hardship for me to flirt with our resident girl genius, but I was startin’ to think that I’d have to propose to her before ya got your head outta your ass.”
To Toni’s surprise, Bruce answered before she could. “Don’t take this personally, Jim,” he preceded his words with his typically placid smile, “but as a man who’s pretty intimately familiar with the phrase ‘being on the edge’, take it from me; Steve’s been there since he got that phone call from Ms. Potts.” As he spoke, Bruce finished up his careful wrapping of her ribs, fingers so gentle against her that they brought only comfort. His touch was far preferable to her than the medic’s; not because Kevin-the-stupid-paramedic was particularly rough with her – indeed, it seemed like he was taking great pains to be as gentle as he could, lest he bring the wrath of half of the Avengers down upon him – but because there was a distinct difference between his cold and impersonal touch, as opposed to Bruce’s warm, caring, loving one. She felt safer with her fellow scientist; a notion that he’d always expressed shy bemusement over whenever she’d voiced it.
Steve swallowed, guilt at his previous thoughts making him wince internally. Intellectually, he knew that he wasn’t grudging the woman her son’s life – only lamenting and fearing for his lover’s – but he couldn’t help feeling like he was letting Toni down with his thoughts. Toni, who had the heart of a hero and a mother, and still found the strength to stand against the people who believed otherwise.
Without thinking, Steve fingered the good luck charm he carried with him on every single mission; it was a little charm, about the size of a penny; a novelty thing that was designed to look like the arc reactor in Toni’s chest. He’d seen it one day when Nat had been showing him around the city and bought it for Toni as an impulsive gag gift, only when it had come time to give it to her, he just… hadn’t. Even then, before they’d gotten together, Steve had admired the little gadget that powered her suit. The artist in him had appreciated its beauty while his inherent curiosity craved to know more about it, but it was neither of those things that had ultimately influenced the decision to hold onto it instead.
Toni despised herself for it, but she couldn’t stop the tears from falling anew, not when Steve’s voice was so soft and loving and comforting. “Peter,” she answered softly, her bottom lip wobbling. Steve took another step towards her, but Toni didn’t retreat this time. “
There was a brief pause, within which Toni tried to estimate how long backup power would last on JARVIS’ basic functions, and she was just about through all the internal calculations before her AI replied in the affirmative. “My servers indicate that the Captain is already aboard a Quinjet, en route to your location, Madam,” JARVIS added.
And if it crept closer to 48 hours… well, then, Toni was just glad that they had plenty of babysitters on hand.
Two fingers slipped around the barrier of her panties and pushed into her with an almost embarrassing ease. Toni tried to rock down on them but Steve still had a grip on her waist, and he growled low as she strained underneath him. Evidently, she was his to control this time… something Toni could distantly understand, since Steve had been robbed of all control in the past few weeks, ever since Argentina.
Toni was furious, he could see that much, and later, he would probably be able to exercise some hindsight and see that the anger was on
He had to find her.
Steve kissed her again, hot and hurried. Big hands gripped the neck of her t-shirt and with a rough jerk, ripped it right down the middle. Toni sucked in a breath, and before she could make a comment on how sexy that was, Steve was manacling her wrists in one hand and pinning them above her head. Gentle, still, but with a firmness that told her not to move.
Understanding dawned in the spy’s keen eyes, and equal parts sympathy and exasperation clouded them over again. “You didn’t know?” she asked astutely, a crease appearing on her brow.
Now, if only that one person in the world didn’t get herself into trouble on such a regular basis…
“When you get better, I’m going to kill you,” Nat informed her coolly, arms crossed over her chest as she stopped in front of Toni. There was a time when the genius might have believed that, and possibly gotten her back up about it, but even super spies had their tells. Nat’s was the way her jaw ticked after she clenched it from worry.
He hadn’t at all expected a muted, beautiful blue glow to peek out from the top of what looked like a dark black camisole. Furrowing his eyebrows slightly, he brought a hand up to carefully trace the top of the hard metal casing, paling slightly when he realized that the thing – this
There was Toni, but missing that vital and fundamental part of her that made her Toni. And it made Steve sick with misery.
The little boy himself was completely oblivious and instead, tongue stuck out to the side of his mouth, carefully took the food over to Toni’s side of the bed, completely unaware of the steadying hand that Steve had underneath the tray. His back protested lightly at the hunched positon but it was a better alternative than risking Peter falling and hurting himself.
What would he have done if those eyes had slid shut and hadn’t reopened?
Yes, it was a risk. Yes, it was a high price. No, it was not negotiable. Because Peter was worth any risk she could possibly take and there was no price she wasn’t willing to pay to do what her son needed, and if she knew anything about that kid, it was that he’d need the reassurance of a little routine tonight. Neither her nor Steve was at home, and maybe he didn’t know exactly what had happened, but Peter had to know that something was wrong, and Toni just couldn’t let him go to sleep, almost guaranteed to have nightmares, if she could prevent them.
“I’m sorry I scared you,” Tony cut in apologetically when Steve’s voice started to roughen back into a growl, tilting his head to kiss underneath his boyfriend’s jaw in remorse. “But I couldn’t do nothing.”
“My magic is more suited to trickery and mischief,” Loki muttered, clearly disgruntled. “Locating her is beyond my abilities; not that Odin would consent to it, anyway. Have you asked Heimdall for his assistance?”
“Not so fast, J,” she denied before he could start running scans of her vitals and possible injuries that she’d successfully put to the back of her mind so far. “You’re working on limited power here, so I’m going to need you to save your brilliance. Can you connect to your other servers?”
Toni piped up, and with all the experience Rhodes had in Toni-speak, that actually managed to clarify things for him.
“What’s he even doing here?” she eventually managed to ask, casting a helpless glance the way they had come. The way that led to the man who had destroyed her as a child, and then haunted her as a ghost through most of her adulthood.
“That so?” the billionaire asked, fighting another brief battle trying not to think of Peter. Her distraction cost her the train of thought she’d had going, and it took an extra second for her to remember the Spanish of what she was trying to say. “I suppose that’s a mother thing, then,” she commented lightly, nimbly popping open the panel on the helmet that had most of the circuitry connected to JARVIS’ mainboard.
enough to know that she wouldn’t have acted without cause, and honestly, people had broken up for far less. Was that going to happen to them? Would he lose her for this?
“We will,” Bucky replied earnestly, in a way that made the blond wonder whether his best friend knew how much he sounded like he needed convincing as much as Steve himself. “I mean, we did promise.”
It was more or less the last words she’d expected to hear from him, misery and helplessness drenching his whisper, and Toni thought her shock was quite evident in the owlish blinking of her eyes and the slackness of her jaw.
And would continue to do so until the darkness forced him to stop.
Helpless to do anything else but try to catch the guy who’d done this, Steve nodded once, despite the fact that he knew Toni couldn’t see it.
Though it had taken him close to two weeks to convince Steve that he and Toni weren’t involved romantically, it was still one of his favourite memories of the genius. It reminded him that despite his own insecurities, there was always at least one person in the world who would always stick with him and who saw him as the best version of himself. It reminded him that there was one person in the world who’d carved out a place for him as family and who loved every part of him without reservation and without qualifiers.
“You sound like you’re a really nice mama,” he told her shyly, burrowing close for another hug while she was momentarily struck into inaction. Smiling softly, she wrapped her arms around him and cuddled him close, allowing them both a single moment where they could pretend they were at home, hugging their own families.
And he would win, too. Steve remembered Toni telling him once, during one of their many shared nights in her workshop, that she was coding his biometric and voice signatures to have access to everything in the tower and to all her tech. He recalled it so distinctly because it had been the first real, implicit show of trust in him on her part, and he also recalled promising her and himself that he would never take any sort of liberties or advantage of the privilege. As it were, he had hardly ever used the access to her tech, but if ever there was an extenuating circumstance…
He could sigh and grumble at them all he wanted, but Coulson had never failed to have their backs, and through all their ups and downs, he was the only person with SHIELD that Toni trusted, outside of Nat and Clint.
Before he could do something like tackle Bucky – it would have been a friendly tackle, just a little roughhousing, nothing too damaging… mostly – Steve caught sight of Peggy about to leave, and though he knew the British agent was beginning to look at him in a different light, he also knew that it wasn’t what he wanted. Not like he’d thought.
Tony told him that once, when Steve had asked what Howard’s greatest lesson to his son had been. It hadn’t rung quite right, spoken in a hollow tone that hid too much and said too little, and now, Steve wondered whether he should have heard what Tony hadn’t said.
Despite the fact that she was a goddamn menace.
“Stay out of trouble, Tones. I mean it,” he playfully scolded as he pulled away, and Toni rolled her eyes in response. Over his shoulder, she saw Steve waiting patiently until they were done.
, that he’d had a close call.
The inventor sighed slightly, trusting that she wouldn’t have to keep up any façade with the ex-assassin. Not only would Nat probably see right through it, but even without it, the redhead always seemed to have faith in Toni’s ability to fight the odds. Even more faith than Toni had in herself.
Still, not any amount of bracing could have stopped her knees from almost buckling when she realized just why they’d been called in.
He was a bizarre sort of soldier – speaking without the normal clipped deference and saluting without being in any sort of formation – but when Steve glanced behind him to see the armored man right at the back, offering assistance to some of the former prisoners and some gentle encouragement, he knew that he counted the still-nameless soldier among his friends.
Almost choking on his panic –
He wasn’t sure who was holding on to who at this point, because when uncertainty had finally sunk its merciless claws into him, he’d begun to loosen his grip, but they were still in the same position so Tony had to have clung back at some stage. A quick internal inspection told him that Tony’s hands had, at some point, found his arms, but all he really knew was that he was looking into the amber-colored eyes he loved so much… and Tony wasn’t looking away.
He cleared his throat around the unfamiliar burn, fighting not to choke, and though part of him was a little embarrassed, he was consoled with the fact that it sparked a tiny bit of warmth and mirth in the big hazel eyes that were far too dull and deadened for Steve’s tastes. He preferred the genius with fire in her eyes and in her heart, not weary and weighted down. Not quietly allowing anyone to shove her around, literally or figuratively.
“I missed you.” The words escaped Toni without her permission, and she hid her face in Steve’s shoulder when she felt him pause his ministrations. Vulnerability would never be something that came easily to her. “It felt like I didn’t have all of you.”
Sufficiently distracted, Maico tilted his head to the side, considering her. “Are you someone’s mama?”
He could be patient with Toni, though. It was only a matter of time before she realized that she was every bit the mother she claimed not to be.
It was those words that did it, triggering his possessive side like a switch, and Steve wasted no time in setting up a punishing rhythm, taking Toni fast and deep so that she would feel the twinges the next morning and remember that he’d been there.
And Steve’s did, in a sense.
There was anguish that made the fear seem even darker; shadowed it, like a dark cloud that made all the bad things even worse. She knew that it would be a two-pronged stake to the heart for Steve, no less: the first, because of the residual horror from what they’d just been through, and the second because of the torment over the evidence of it on Toni. Steve’s fears had been confirmed when he’d finally seen her in the harsh light of day. Not the worst fears, of course, but enough to leave him feeling needlessly tortured over her injuries.
He tried valiantly, but Steve didn’t think he managed to keep the pout off his face. “Some R&D emergency in the Argentinian branch of SI that apparently needed her presence. She’s only coming back in a couple days,” he lamented on a sigh. After a beat of consideration, the super soldier added, “She’s mine alone for at least 36 hours straight when she gets back, so whatever you’re thinking about, have it wait an extra day and a half.” The warning wasn’t altogether a joke; Steve fully intended on monopolizing his girlfriend before everyone else when she came back; but since they had Peter to worry about, he supposed he had to shorten that time frame significantly. But only for their son.
Maico nodded solemnly, as if he’d expected that answer, and the adorable sight made it a little easier to handle her own heartache. “Would you be angry with your son if he got stuck because he wasn’t supposed to play in the old warehouse?”
If someone had told her then, that she would develop that trust with a former assassin, two world class spies, a mythical God and the famously unreachable Doctor Banner, she would have demanded they take a sobriety test. And that would have been before anyone said anything about Captain America being the love of her life, with whom she would adopt a son.
Maico giggled, blissfully unaware of the danger that would soon become a lot more noticeable. Toni estimated that they’d been down there going on three hours, at least, and she could already feel her lungs start to smart a little. Thanks to the distraction her charge was inadvertently giving her, the genius was able to keep the stirrings of a panic attack at bay (after the cave and Afghanistan, small spaces were really not her favourite thing in the world) but even through the talking she was doing in an attempt to keep the child’s mind off their predicament, Toni knew that they were approaching dangerous territory. They didn’t have an oxygen supply because they were totally surrounded by rubble upon rubble, and the space was simply too small for two people.
She closed her eyes against it for a second, trying to push past the pain of the words long enough to make an escape. A little sob, followed by arms clutching at her legs, reminded her that she wasn’t the only one who needed out, and after glancing down at Peter, Toni made the executive decision to get herself and her son out of there.
… Toni, you’re
Rogers, on the other hand… well, he’d had faith. Jim had seen the way the man’s face had lit up with optimism and hope and damn if he didn’t actually feel bad for the Captain when the suit had revealed no Toni in sight.
“I scared the fuck out of myself,” she admitted instead, more candid than she usually was. Habitually, she raised a hand to rub the spot just above her right eye; a thoughtless motion that spoke to her own battered mindset. “I kept thinking of Peter and Steve, and all the rest of you guys, and how many ways things could’ve gone wrong… it was a nightmare.”
As he ran off, he distantly began to entertain the notion that he might have been a bit off-base with Stark. She obviously cared about more than herself, if today was any indication.
As they walked in companionable silence, Bucky kept throwing sideways glances at him, but Steve didn’t call him on it and Bucky didn’t speak up. Instead, when they reached the tent, his friend grinned and shot forward the last bit of the way to beat him there, making Steve huff in annoyance at the fact that he could still be caught off guard by Bucky, super soldier or not.
“Oh, baby,” Toni murmured, battling past her own anguish in order to focus on the little boy in her arms. “Steve was just… confused, okay? He didn’t know, he didn’t understand. There’s no way he likes anyone in the world more than you.” She couldn’t manage to include herself in that sentence; not while she was nursing her own searing pain over Steve not listening to her over her father.
At the time, however, all he saw was anger, and all he could think of was getting the last shot in.
Gradually, Tony’s tears abated, soothed as he was by the kisses and gently comforting words. With a tenderness that wasn’t out of place on the blond, Steve herded Tony towards the bed, laying him down carefully and stretching out immediately beside him, torn, bloody clothes and all.
Thankfully, when Peter had looked up at him, his face had only creased into a sleepy smile. He’d been content to accept the morning cuddle Steve had given him, and it had taken a whole seven and a half minutes before the kid had shyly asked where Toni was.
Steve wasn’t sure how Toni was planning on tracking AIM down, but he had no doubt in his mind that she had a way. If she didn’t, then she’d find one, but the end result would be the same because there was no way in hell that Toni would sit around doing nothing while Peter was in danger. She loved that little boy with everything that she had… and it made Steve grim when he realized that she hadn’t said his name at all, yet.
“I gotta ask you something,” Rhodes announced out of the blue, coming to stand with him. The man was out of his armor, this mission calling for a bit more finesse than the War Machine suit was capable of, but even in his fatigues, he looked formidable.
She felt him grin when he pressed his lips to the top of her jaw, where the blush started, but she was too mellow from her orgasm to be affronted by how much Steve loved it when she flushed. Instead, she started another slow roll of her hips and grinned herself when Steve pressed his hips to hers with a muttered oath.
There was a pause, long and heavy, and the supersoldier was slammed with the ominous feeling that a decision was being made as he stood there. A decision that he couldn’t influence, that he had no say in, and yet one that he knew was going to have an effect on his love.
As he spoke, Stark listened carefully, and her expression grew more incredulous with every word out of Steve’s mouth. He found himself feeling defensive, and as he always did when he felt himself on the defensive, he struck out to be on the offensive instead.
“Steve…” Toni choked out, and now there were tears in her eyes too, but he wasn’t finished yet. Not even close. Steve suddenly couldn’t imagine not telling Toni every single thing he’d wanted to tell her since the night he’d realized he was in love with his best friend; because God, how many times could he have nearly not had the opportunity again?
that you were gonna
“Is she okay?” she demanded when the call connected, refusing to acknowledge the shakiness of her voice or the grim look of understanding that passed over the Thunder God’s face. “Is she still alive?”
She could tell all manner of reporters or civilians this, and some might even believe her, but one thing that absolutely none of them would believe, was that she ever got scared.
Old defenses settled over her skin like a pair of comfy sweats. In a way, it was comforting; a reminder that she’d been alone in situations like this before and could be, again, and still survive against all expectation. That was what she did. She beat the odds. It was built into her programming the same way that messing up was apparently coded into DUM-E.
Maybe Steve recognized the futility in arguing with her, or more likely (given his penchant to argue with her anyway, when he believed himself right) his fatherly instinct to protect Peter from fear and trauma overrode his own fear and trauma at the thought of Toni being in pain, but for whatever reason, her lover nodded once in resignation. He touched warm lips against the cusp of her shoulder, a tender admission of understanding, and Toni felt the tension unravel inside her until she breathed easy again. She did so hate making Steve worry, but Peter had been through enough in his short six years. He did not need to foster the fear that he would lose any more people he loved and counted on.
Of course, that was made difficult when Stark seemed to be equally impulsive.
the little boy answered easily, if a little subdued. Then, seemingly as an afterthought, he added,
Despite his earlier words, Tony found himself answering as he stashed away another two butterfly knives. “I’m the front-running name in clean energy and defensive combat tech in the world, but what a lot of people forget, is that I was groomed for my whole life to be a weapons manufacturer.” Straightening, he fixed an unwavering gaze on Barnes. “I grew up in war, around war, immersed in war, and somehow, people think that I did that without ever being part of it, but that’s not true. Weapons – whether it’s designing them, making them, or handling them – is practically coded into my DNA, but because I don’t use that knowledge, it’s easy to assume that I don’t have it. But I do. And just because I don’t use it, doesn’t mean I
It was a quick walk to Toni’s room, made even quicker by the haste with which Steve walked in his eagerness to see his dame, and he liked to think that eagerness was reciprocated when Toni was so quick to answer.
He didn’t realize that a low growl had rumbled through his chest until Toni shot him a glance, following his line of sight to the newest contusion that adorned her bicep. Her eyes widened briefly, pink splashing over her cheeks as she clumsily tried to cover it with her own hand; much too small to block away the edges of colour.
Only one of whom was getting up.
She demonstrated her acceptance by forcing herself to remain still as he worked her, thumb swiping over her clit on every other stroke. Two fingers became three, stretching her carefully but thoroughly, and just before she could start to beg him, Steve withdrew his fingers entirely. Another quick yank tore the lacy garment right off her body and Toni spread her legs a little wider in wordless compliance, to accommodate Steve’s broad build.
” he repeated carefully, feeling more than seeing the smile lift her lips. “You’re my heart and my soul and my life, Toni Stark.”
Lies. All of it, blatant lies, and Rhodey knew it as well as she did, but there was something to be said about keeping to traditions between them.
Steve’s voice held a reprimand and an anger that she hadn’t heard since their first Avengers mission, when they’d clashed so horribly upon first meeting. Suddenly, he was there, yanking her away from her father, albeit gently, and aiming a look at her that was so rife with disappointment and anger that it physically hurt her. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?” he snapped, moving to stand protectively in front of Howard, and if she thought she hurt before, her chest was completely crushing in on itself now. No matter that, logically, she knew Steve had walked in at the worst possible time.
The AI didn’t answer, but as Steve stepped into the TV room to check if she was there, the screen suddenly lit up. Curiosity kept him rooted to the spot, and when he realized that he was seeing footage from the lab, seeing exactly what had happened over the last forty minutes between father and daughter for Toni to finally punch Howard in the face, he paled even further.
The way Peggy spoke implied that Toni spent a lot of time
With slow movements to telegraph his intentions, Steve gently tugged her hand away, trying to tell her with earnest and regretful blue eyes that she had nothing to feel ashamed about, that he was so sorry for letting any harm come to her, least of all from her own father. The guilt weighed heavy on him, blurring the chatter that filled the air between them as Peter talk about ice cream flavours, and not for the first time, he wondered how he had never realized what his lover’s childhood had really been like.
The action was so reminiscent of her son that a lump formed in her throat. Toni fought back surprisingly insistent tears that sprung up at the thought of her family, and the phone call she’d had with them just a few hours ago…
. She sounded hysterical, panic of the worst sort, and the Captain’s heart froze in his chest, because anything that had Pepper sounding like that, saying his name like a goddamn prayer, couldn’t have been good.
He stilled, registering several things at once. One, was that the blade was attached to a staff – sort of like a scepter or scythe – and that it was pressed against his neck hard enough to pierce the very top surface of his skin. Two, was that if he moved an inch in any direction, he was going to be sliced and diced, if not decapitated to some degree. Three, was that the guy holding it (who looked closer to a boy than a man) was probably responsible for the blue things terrorizing the city, most of which had been annihilated by his team already. Then four; and this one was the most horrifying one; was that Tony had his back after all, speaking terms notwithstanding. Because he was lowering to the ground in front of Steve, palms up in a universal sign of surrender.
Peggy’s face fell slightly, but she didn’t look surprised. If anything, there was sad resignation in her eyes as she smiled softly. “She wasn’t feeling well earlier,” the agent replied, a touch of concern in her tone. “She was going to head back to her room to get some rest, last I heard.”
With a mischievous wink, she lifted his fingers and brought them to her mouth, sucking the digits clean of her juices that had coated them.
“Any news?” his brother asked without fanfare or preamble, and that in itself told a story about how attached Loki might have grown to Toni since his attempted invasion of New York.
Now, just for Coleman to get the memo.
Those notions, and that childish hope, had been obliterated with the missile, sold under the table from SI itself, that was fired at the car he and his mother were occupying on the way to an army base to meet with his father. Along with that, they had also been struck with an even harder blow; the death of Maria Stark.
It only increased her own determination to make that happen.
“Look, I can’t stay on here for very long,” she pointed out before the quiet even had a chance to become oppressive. “JARVIS is running on backup power; so I’m going to have to spare enough energy for him to try to pinpoint our location, and still connect to the comms when you guys land again. I’ll be in contact soon.” Because the only things that needed to be said now, were between her and Steve, Toni quietly instructed JARVIS to open up a separate, private comm line between them. “Steve?”
“She’s trying to find another core to power it,” he told his best friend. “So far, though, there seems to be no known elements with enough power and stability to substitute palladium.”
After they’d rewarded his failure to come unarmed with a quick round of Tony-The-Piñata, he’d been blindfolded and tied up and thrown very unceremoniously into the back of a black van. Even as he snarked at them, he catalogued the turns and distances they traveled, trying to create a mental map on the incredibly off chance that his tracker, Bucky and the comm unit Bucky had insisted upon, were to fail. He felt a little insulted when, with the lack of any spontaneous and twisting turns, he realized that they probably hadn’t bothered to do a dry run. Did they honestly think of him as that weak of a target?
But that was Captain America. Steve Rogers, on the other hand, felt things all the way through to his soul.
Toni frowned pensively, standing abruptly from her chair and pacing the length of her workshop. Wisely, JARVIS didn’t comment, and even DUM-E and the rest of her bots were exercising caution by giving her a wide berth.
Steve laughed, finding that he was enjoying the company of whichever soldier was piloting the suit of armor. “Not just you,” he assured the man as they made quick work traversing the uneven terrain toward the compound, thinking back on how irritating it had been that Stark had flirted with Peggy right in front of him. Not to even mention the abhorrent way in which the man treated Toni, honestly, he wasn’t going to be winning any father of the year awards.
It had been JARVIS who’d gotten them there, but there was still a definite trail of bodies for them to follow into the bunker.
“That’s great, doll, do that,” Rogers instructed, the relief in his voice premature, but Jim graciously didn’t point that out. “We’re going to start coordinating from up here, we’ll get you out of there, I promise.”
“You drive me crazy,” Steve bit off, but there was too much raw need in his eyes for her to take offense. “You’re so goddamn perfect, Toni. So fucking amazing. I’d give you anything, baby. Everything.”
Steve knew; of course he knew; there was only one thing that Bucky meant when he got that wolfish grin and winked at Steve. What he wasn’t entirely too clear on, was why he suddenly felt the need to slam Bucky into the bar and warn him to back off from the genius.
I'm so sorry for my lengthy absence. I've been going through a really tough time with some RL stuff that knocked me on my ass and then some... it took a while to get muse back, and get back to writing, but I'm back now and I hope the lengthy chapter makes up for my absence!
Whatever Toni meant by that reference, it stopped the Colonel’s pointed repetition of the word in its tracks. “That’s cold,” the man commented, but there was a flicker of a smile on his face that told a story of the smothering relief he was masking, the same kind that Steve had felt when he’d first heard her voice on the Quinjet. Maybe a little less, though, because Steve was pretty sure he loved Toni more than anybody. “You know I’m still gonna yell at you when we get you out, right?”
When the little boy did eventually drop off, the genius paused in her work for long enough to slip her watch off and attach it to his wrist instead. The device in the little wristwatch that monitored her heartrate and her O2 levels was still functional, and right now, she needed to know the kid’s vitals better than she needed to know her own. She already knew that she was struggling for every fourth or fifth breath, but with Maico asleep, she’d have to rely on her tech to let her know when the kid needed extra help.
the instructions!” Tony spat with no small amount of relish. Shock was gone, now, replaced with molten fury the likes of which weren’t recommended to inspire within a Stark. Especially not
(See the end of the chapter for
, and convinced Uncle Loki to sneak in and wake him up at exactly this time.
a cautioning voice in his head that sounded a lot like Toni pointed out.
“Looks like I missed all the fun,” Toni continued, the comment deliberately light even as she nearly stumbled with the unsteady, unplanned flight they were taking. She took the helmet off, shaking out her hair. “Honestly, you keep benching me for the all the interesting missions.”
He wasn’t entirely sure why, but he told her about the Senator’s offer; about his new, upcoming role promoting the sales of war bonds in USO shows. About being a national symbol. Captain America, they wanted to call him.
At the warning intonation, his girlfriend huffed a small, sheepish sigh.
Finally, it was the nickname that did it, and Peter looked up at her from underneath wet, clumpy eyelashes. His face was red and damp from the crying and his eyes were pools of sadness and confusion that positively broke her heart.
need to take it easy.”
Making a mental note to have a talk with her boyfriend later – he seriously could not keep encouraging this Mommy thing with Peter, not when she had been trying so diligently the past couple months to gently break him of the habit – she pretended to shuffle in her sleep, keeping her eyes dutifully closed. There was another giggle, softer this time.
Just when he was starting to entertain the notion that these USO shows weren’t the absolute worst things in the world (the kids, at least, were really cute) Steve had to do a show for one of the regiments serving in Italy.
my home. I don’t want to go anywhere that doesn’t have you in it.”
That said, he was almost entirely certain that everything attributable to his best friend, was equally attributable to his best friend’s girl.
And okay, the green light was great, fantastic even, but Toni was way too coherent for Steve’s liking.
his hind brain purred possessively.
“You know, if you stitched me up while you were complaining, we could have been done here, already.”
“That could work,” he muttered absently as he envisioned the armor in his mind, making the mods with blurrily quick fingers so that the hologram reflected what he saw in his head. There was no time to fabricate an entire suit of armor, of course, but one sleeve and the chest would more than do for now. If they took a headshot at him, or a shot at his femoral artery, that would just be tough luck.
Finally, Tony dragged his gaze back towards Steve, and something tugged viciously at the super soldier’s chest when their eyes locked. “You’ll know when you’re in love, Cap,” he stated quietly, something painful darkening his eyes to hickory. “It’s the best and the worst feeling in the world.”
True to her word, a doctor came to the house and examined his mother, and that was followed by a call to a lung specialist who Toni worked her magic on and flew out to the nearest hospital within the next two days itself. A battery of tests later had revealed early stages of lung cancer, and in the space of time wherein Rhodes, his mother and his uncle had grieved the news, Toni had arranged with the top surgeon in the country to perform the surgery to remove the tumors in his mother’s lungs and also began the process of arranging chemotherapy for after the surgery. She’d done some reading up after the initial diagnosis and after chatting with the doctors, found that the surgery combined with chemo would make the cancer less likely to return. After explaining all that to them, she went on to talk about scheduling the chemo, totally oblivious to the shell-shocked reaction she was inspiring from the Rhodes clan.
, she reminded herself sternly.
Steve had redefined his understanding of fear the moment Toni’s gasp had been cut off from the comms, and everything went to shit around him.
He hung up the phone with a faint smile on his face, preparing himself to go back downstairs and deal with whatever was waiting for him there. Clint refused to believe that it would be anything less than his little sister’s full recovery; because if he didn’t believe in her now, how the hell was she meant to believe in herself? Maybe she wouldn’t know or give a damn about how he felt just then, but that didn’t give him any excuse not to have faith in her.
In all honesty, though, for all that they’d meant a lot to him, he’d never actually needed the words. He’d always known that Toni loved him, before she said it, even before she’d traveled halfway across the country with him so that she could help him with his sick mother.
Thor had been the last, not for a lack of enthusiasm about the idea, but because of how long it had taken him to sort out the mess with Loki, and then things on Asgard, and then his issues with Jane, the woman he’d fallen in love with two years prior. The Norse God had been thrilled to be counted among the few who had a place in the Avengers Tower, and had settled in with far more enthusiasm and an almost innocent joy.
But there was only one word that Tony could focus on right then.
Judging from the irritable flash over the attorney’s face, Rumlow had already covered this part while Tony had been trying to process.
Steve felt like there was a truck sitting on his chest.
In the midst of designing the prototype and internally debating the practical feasibility of adding standard-command AIs into them, Tony had been on a call with one of his foreign investors, schmoozing the man and soothing ruffled feathers in flawless French, all while also running a critical eye over the interim financial reports for the last quarter and musing on ways to amplify the already-impressive turnover that Carbonell Tech had boasted.
“I can’t handle sending you out there knowing that I haven’t given you everything at my disposal to keep you safe,” she replied softly, and damn if that voice, her words, the way she was showing him her heart without qualm, didn’t burn Steve’s heart with so much love he thought he would combust.
“Antonietta,” her father interrupted her with a harsh snap of her name. “What did I teach you about sentimentality? And the thing doesn’t even take orders, it’s clearly dysfunctional.”
He wanted feisty, infuriating geniuses who made him crazy on his best days, but hid a heart larger than the world could even conceive. And he couldn’t string an amazing dame along, especially when there were other men who could be what she rightfully deserved.
She rolled her eyes a little, but there was fondness in her eyes that was replacing some of the anguish, and Steve couldn’t think of anything he wanted more. Except, perhaps, Toni herself. When she was feeling a little better.
By the time they reached their room, small trembles were rocking through Steve’s body. Going on instinct again, as she seemed to do a lot, Toni pressed her lips to the top of her lover’s jaw.
Bruce kept her mind alert by shooting theories past her; discussing his latest project and a few new ideas he’d had while she’d been away; and Steve kept her spirits up with stories about Peter, and the rest of the Avengers, and home. Unfortunately, her companions hadn’t factored in their own fatigue and the adrenaline crash they’d had to face eventually, and it amused Toni to no end when she found Bruce passed out awkwardly where he was sat, and Steve nodding off as she spoke, stretched out on the bed next to her.
she had felt in the past 48 hours.
So, no. She didn’t fear death, but Toni deeply feared leaving behind those who she’d come to love so deeply and completely.
Without another word to Bruce, and trusting that the scientist would understand, Natasha hung up. Thor, watching the news, understood enough – she could see as much on his face, usually so lively and jovial but now marked with the lines of a warrior who had known too much death not to think of it, now – but there was still another person who needed to know.
Steve nodded once in agreement before taking off to hitch a ride with the last van. Getting in was tense, but easy enough with his enhanced capabilities, and it wasn’t too long before he found the prisoners from the one-oh-seventh.
Apparently, her decision was as simple as engaging the manual releases she’d installed and removing her helmet.
Idly playing with the charm calmed Steve; forced his thoughts away from the scary and unthinkable, and towards strategies and plans. When they got there, he would be able to glean a clearer picture of things, but until then…
But that didn’t mean he couldn’t try for a compromise. “You’ll have it,” he nodded, “but if it comes to it… I want you to leave.”
and ‘
And it went without saying that Rhodey knew exactly how graceless the emotions inside Toni ran when he left.
Her suit had a built-in oxygen supply and air filtration system, so in theory, she was better off than the kid would soon be. In practice, however, Toni was fairly certain that she could persuade Maico into the suit, and that would greatly increase the kid’s chance of survival.
“I have this theory,” she started, sounding a little hesitant at first, as though she expected Steve to shrug her off in disinterest. He was gratified to see her grow a little bolder when all he did was nod in wordless invitation. “It doesn’t have to matter how big or small a weapon is, if it has the potential ability to deter adversaries by virtue of its own destructive power.” When Steve frowned slightly, about to admit that he didn’t follow, she shook her head slightly, clearly looking for a different way to phrase it. “My dad,” she started again, and Steve didn’t miss the unconscious flash in her eyes at the mention of Howard, “he always says that peace means having a bigger stick than the other guy. It’s no surprise to anyone, but I disagree. I think that peace means having a wood chipper, not just another stick. It means having something that deters people from engaging in war altogether, because it doesn’t matter how much weaponry we have, or how big our weaponry is, what matters is that we have the ability to
Sure, the man was using really small words and talking to him as though he were a dim-witted child, but sheer incredulity made it difficult for Tony to accept any of it. His boyfriend; his Steve; the love of his goddamn life; was
He thought that he’d never feel more idiotic than when the other soldiers met him with utter silence, but then the taunting began and wow, there it was. Worse humiliation.
With the gentlest touch he could muster, Steve wrapped an arm around her waist, steadying himself gingerly against the wall of debris and wondering absently how she’d managed to hold on so long, to something so unstable and impossibly small. “I got you, love,” he breathed, over and over again as he maneuvered her closer. “I got you. I got you.”
Then there was more screaming, only this time it was Bucky’s. His best friend. Screaming as his hand still reached out to Steve, still trusting, but he was falling, falling, falling…
Translations are in brackets at the end of the paragraph within which the words are spoken <3
“Steve,” she rasped, saying his name like a supplication when finally, they’d managed to get her hooked up to his harness. Steve cradled his lover against his body, as if that would keep her from any more pain as they made the equally arduous ascent. “You got me,” she nodded, as if to confirm it, and slumped into his chest. “M’so tired.”
Tony wouldn’t have been Tony if he didn’t rise to the bait of Steve’s ill-directed temper, and true to form, the brunet raised a cool eyebrow and pulled the bandage around his knuckles a little tighter before answering in a clipped voice. “He told me you needed me.”
The punch, with all her weight and considerable strength behind it, landed with twin cracks of her wrist and, she assumed, his face, but it was well worth it when he hit the floor. He curled into a ball, alternating between swearing at her and groaning in pain, but none of it eased the blaze of her temper. She leaned down, grabbing his collar with her good hand and yanking him up with a power she hadn’t known she possessed.
“It’s okay,” Peter graciously patted Steve on the back as he mumbled apologies over and over. “Mommy said you were confused. I understand, I don’t hate you. Just the horrible man.”
“Sexy,” Toni murmured with a grin, and knew that he’d heard her when Steve barked out a laugh, shaking his head as he crossed the distance to the crowd. Although she generally insisted on protecting herself from the vapid reporters and soul-sucking story-chasers, Toni decided to let it go. Steve needed to shield her more than she needed to be shielded, today, and besides… she liked when he called her his girl.
Though the little boy’s Spanish was slow and juvenile enough for Steve to understand, his mother’s ensuing words to the reporter were too fast and sophisticated for him to keep up with, having not practiced enough to be fluent like Toni. “What’s she saying, JARVIS?” he asked the AI quietly, and almost immediately, JARVIS began to translate the woman’s words in his earpiece.
There was fire and heat and glass shards, which turned into gunfire, and the urge to find Stark intensified. Later, he would reason that it was because Peggy was armed and proven to be a fantastic shot, but in the moment, he simply acted on instinct.
The soldiers erupted into laughter and jeering, this time directed at the guy who was putting his pants to rights and sitting down with a few muttered curses and a crimson face.
“What else can I do, huh?” he demanded, the Brooklyn accent getting a little thicker in his ire. “I’m just one guy! I’m just an experiment!”
“You know guys, I’m a little insulted by the bated breath thing.”
Something heavy dropped into Steve’s gut and he knew, all at once, that something was terribly, terribly wrong. The suit landed softly on the ground in front of them, but when nobody came rushing out, it was enough to confirm Steve’s worst suspicions.
“Fuck me, Steve,” she demanded breathlessly, looking up at him like he was the only thing she’d ever wanted in this life. God knew she was the only thing he wanted right back. “Make me yours.”
Toni scooped Peter up into her arms as he barreled into her, relieved that she’d had the foresight to step out of the armour and send it back to the tower before she’d entered the room. The amount of blood splattered over it couldn’t have been hidden, despite the fact that red was its base colour.
In the end, it wasn’t megalomaniac scientists, or terrorist organizations, or Norse Gods hell-bent on world domination. It wasn’t Doom bots, or mutated creatures, or destructive aliens. It wasn’t even something out of this world.
Pushing down the nauseating feeling in his gut that had amplified with Toni’s veiled plea for them to get her out of there, Rhodes focused on the game plan. “For those of us who weren’t invited to the sick-kid- playdate, what the hell is Pick-Up-Sticks?”
Toni rasped, and the fact that she wasn’t snarky something witty; the fact that her voice was dull and anguished instead of light and careless; told Steve that something had gone wrong. Terribly wrong.
She touched her lips to his once; twice. “I’d fight the whole universe for you,” she promised quietly, and it rang with raw truth. “There’s nothing I wouldn’t do to get back to you, to Peter. To come back home.”
She plotted.
She turned into the touch when he thumbed her tears away, but that was the only acknowledgement he got. Steve wasn’t surprised, but he was determined. One day, somehow, he would make her understand that it wasn’t anything close to her fault.
“I know, I know,” Phillips forestalled whatever Stark had been about to say with a sharp tone and an annoyed, dismissive hand gesture. “You told me so. Born and made and what-the-fuck-ever. Give it a rest, Stark.”
Because Barnes still looked a little lost, Jim helpfully translated. “The structure is too unstable to blast or pound our way through to her, but if we remove rubble from the top, carefully, it won’t dislodge other debris and cause a secondary collapse,” he explained, and the soldier nodded once at him in wordless thanks. To Toni, he felt compelled to point out, “The process will be a slow one. You and the kid got enough oxygen to last?”
Erskine’s questioning voice brought him back to reality, and even as he listened for the reply, he got none, save for the tube he was in being slowly opened and lowered slightly. There were hands – broad and warm, his mind couldn’t help noticing, not cool and small – and Steve leaned into them as Erskine helped him down. The ground was… a lot closer than it might have been before, but before he could dwell on that, he was being surrounded by people.
She nodded once, schooling her features as she did every time he had to leave. “Try not to do anything stupid, please?” Toni deliberately made her voice flippant and indifferent. “I have no interest in taking time off work to bail your ass out of trouble.”
“We’re not too far out,” Bucky reported, and Steve had to wonder how long his best friend had been standing there next to him. “Two hours, give or take. Those assholes musta underestimated how much power Toni puts in the engines of her toys.”
“You’re early,” she quipped as she threw open her door at Steve’s knock. She sent him a dazzling smile. “I would’ve thought you and Bucky would close down the bar tonight. Not that I’m complaining, of course, that would jus-
“Tony was carryin’ a torch for ya,” he nodded, as if it were the easiest thing in the world. Before Steve could ask him why, Bucky kept on talking. “Are you into him?”
The first, was that the woman was entirely unnaturally beautiful. It was disconcerting for Steve, who’d never really done well around women in general, leave alone ones as gorgeous as she, but after a few moments of being tongue-tied and dry-mouthed, he’d just accepted it and filed the strange feelings she had stirred in him, deep in the recesses of his mind. No use dwelling on things like that.
he reminded himself.
There was no denying Destiny; that much he knew for certain. Death came for everyone eventually, usually not when they were ready for it, and it would not be held back when it did. Not by the greatest willpower, nor the most boundless love in all the nine realms, of which Toni Stark possessed both.
to mess with JARVIS.
Breaking the kiss, Toni lifted her hands to frame Steve’s face, hoping the action would impress the seriousness of her words upon him. “I’m right here, Stevie,” she murmured. Amber eyes locked on blue. “I’m not going anywhere. Be here, with me. You don’t need to worry that I’m going to break at the slightest touch.” Very deliberately, she put her hands over his and clamped down until he was holding her tightly again. “I want
Steve, on the other hand… he’d needed some time to get there.
Except that he didn’t have asthma anymore. Hadn’t had it for over seven decades.
Toni was looking at him, wide-eyed and speechless, with the expression of one who’d been given a gift that they’d never in a million lifetimes dream of actually receiving. Steve was well-acquainted with the look; knew it intimately, because he knew that he looked at Toni like that every single day; but having it reciprocated, even now while his heart was still trying to thud out of his chest with the realization of what Toni had done, was still the best feeling Steve had ever had coursing through his veins in his entire life.
It was no wonder that she’d fallen ass over heels for this man.
But then.
world, that you won’t stand in front of, to protect him. He will live the rest of his life knowing that you will always defend him, and will never let anyone hurt him, not even family. He will live the rest of his life knowing that if anyone dares to threaten him, you will put them on their asses faster than they can realize what hit them.” Steve allowed every word to resonate with the fierce pride he had felt since the moment he’d realized what and who Toni had been fighting for. For her part, the genius had tears swimming in those beautiful big eyes that he had so often become lost in.
, she. Is.
At the time, his tiny size didn’t even factor into his brain, nor did he think to question why Colonel Phillips sounded so carefully measured as he shouted his warning. All he thought about was protecting everyone else, and with his first glance up to note whether there were other people there, he saw both Peggy Carter and – the surprise was a jolt to his system in itself – Toni Stark. Where the former backed away with his panicked shout, Stark didn’t. Instead, she kept coming forward, grabbing some rectangular metal box as she ran, hazel eyes scared but fierce and determined and even then, so goddamn
on the other hand, would have taken Tony to a drive-thru that was showing the Hannibal Lecter trilogy. It was a classic, and one of the few movies that the genius rewatched because it was suspenseful enough to keep him entertained, and not so filled with technical knowledge that Tony had trouble turning his brain off with it. Plus, it would have had the added advantage of holding the genius close in the privacy of the car…
She tipped his head up with a finger until he looked at her, and not at the gruesome looking collage of black stitches, pale skin and residual blood. “Barely a scratch, honey,” she lied smoothly, and grinned to add credence to the falsehood. “But I’ll feel a lot better if I get a proper look at that smile…” she trailed off, before tickling him gently. Predictably, Maico squirmed on her lap and shrieked with laughter, and it was only a wealth of experience doing this with Peter when he was sad, that allowed Toni to maneuver herself so that her ribs and arm didn’t get jostled too badly.
His best friend fixed him with a fierce look. “Get it together, punk!” he snapped out in a drill sergeant type voice that forced Steve to listen. “You wouldn’t have been any good to us buried underneath that too, you wouldn’t have been able to help Toni that way! Use your goddamn head!”
Peter wasn’t a child prone to complaining and he certainly wasn’t one to make demands for anything, so the fact that he was doing so now told Toni just how much all this was affecting him. It made her wish, more than anything, that she could just be at the tower in that moment, tucking Peter in as was their routine and singing that Italian lullaby that her mother had always sung for her, that had somehow found its way into the pair’s goodnight ritual.
“Maico, huh?” she repeated, scanning through the recesses of her expansive knowledge and memory. “That means ‘one with strength’, right?” she asked, forcing a smile over her features when he peeked up at her.
Jerking into action suddenly, he left his glass back on the table with a noisy clatter. “Are you… did you… you’re hurt?” he managed to demand, adrenaline-fueled panic surging through his previously tired self. As carefully as he could despite his concern, Steve took Toni by the elbow and looked her over for injury. He found it quickly, just below her left ribcage – a patch of her black blouse darkened with blood in a way that was easy to miss if it wasn’t being looked for – and sucked in a breath through his teeth when he realized how much blood she had to have lost. His mind helpfully provided the image of her jumping in front of Erskine when the shots had been fired, and damn it, he should have thought to check…
He didn’t need those nightmares on top of the ones he was already going to have.
“Of course not, Steve, how could you even ask me that?” she whispered back, freeing one of her hands to take his. Honestly, she’d been a little apprehensive that Steve would blame her; or at the very least, turn away from the darkness that he now knew she was capable of. Her own fears were assuaged as he gripped her hand right back.
Astoundingly, that resentment had bled away as quickly as it had been formed. In a twist of fair fortune, Steve had decided to reach out for help the day he’d come to the tower, whether or not he’d known it at the time, and Toni had happened to be on the alternate cycle of worrying over him rather than cursing his name. She’d welcomed him with all the warmth she normally reserved for a select four or five people in her life, and Steve had repaid her in kind by fumbling through an apology the very next night. Toni had been surprised to realize that she didn’t really need to hear it, and they’d decided to let bygones be bygones and just start fresh.
The man piloting the armor was oddly quiet, and when he spoke next, it wasn’t a response to Steve’s unlikely defense.
She still vividly remembered the few weeks after her dear old dad had visited this century, after Steve had ignorantly defended him against her, not knowing the things she’d known. To say that the blond had been distraught would have been putting it lightly. To an extent, Toni certainly understood; abusive exes and drunken benders full of bad decisions could be explained, could be rationalized when put into perspective against the grand scheme of her life, but the idea that one so close and trusted, so loved and adored, so admired and regarded, could betray all of that and hurt his baby daughter? The idea that a friend, once so jovial and charming and harmless, could put his hands on the one person in the world that he should have protected the most?
Tony looked flabbergasted and a little pale, and when he made to move his hand away, Steve just caught it in his own instead. Intertwined their fingers like he was never going to let go. Hoping that he could say something, anything, so he wouldn’t have to.
Toni managed a laugh at the deadpanned response, deciding that she liked Coulson a lot more than she was willing to admit. They walked to the elevator in comfortable silence and she tried to focus on the consolation that she was going to visit SHIELD’s R&D department. It wasn’t as nice as the one at Stark Industries, and it wasn’t nearly as impressive as her own workshop, but given a choice between tech and Howard Stark? Toni had been choosing the former on a consistent basis for the past thirty years.
Bucky was growing tired of listening to him complain and agonize about what the right move to make was, so as their misfit group of soldiers were waiting for their ride back to base after another successful obliteration of one of Schmidt’s camps, Steve decided to engage the other person who he considered as close a friend as Bucky or Toni.
But she wasn’t. Because she was Iron Man. She was the soldier behind the suit of armor that Steve counted as one of his closest friends.
“We both have,” Cole acknowledged. “Just… not the way we thought we would.”
“She’s
Stark Senior’s tone was confident, bordering on careless, but for as different as they were, Howard and Toni shared a few similar traits and mannerisms. One of them, was the way their voices got a little fluttery and fast whenever they were hiding fear or worry, and Steve’s trained ears picked the tell up easily from his lover’s father. It was the only reason why he didn’t snap at the man and let him know exactly what he thought of the Stark patriarch’s parenting skills, if he was proud about that.
“Certainly, Madam,” JARVIS replied smoothly, and in the next moment, Toni heard the echoes of shuffling. The comm could pick up the barest of sounds, such as the three separate sets of breathing, but nevertheless, she still ventured a careful, “Hey, Winghead? Is this thing on?”
“Oh, my
“I would never,” Steve answered, firmly but sincerely. He had no anger over the treatment; he couldn’t, not when it meant that someone loved Toni enough to protect her from anything remotely resembling a threatening situation.
Not unlike then, Toni had the firm thought of her family in her head as she fought to take every next step, and breath, and move. The only difference was that her family had grown since that day; now, it included Bucky as well, who she couldn’t even begin to imagine her life without. It included Sam Wilson, who she had been right to assume would become friends with Steve and Bucky, and bring a little light to all their lives in the process, and it even included Loki, who now visited her for no apparent reason, completely unabashedly, and had even taken to her son.
Without needing verbal agreement, they set off in opposite directions, and true to his word, Steve’s path was clear getting to the rooms where Bucky was apparently being kept. Fury and sorrow in equal measure assaulted him when he found his best friend, strapped to a bed and half out of his mind from the torture, but it was replaced with knee-weakening relief when Barnes recognized him.
She had Steve. She had her family. She could do this.
Toni nodded slightly in approval before remembering that she was on the comms. “Good… that’s good.” Maico stirred a little and she spared a moment to run a comforting hand through the child’s hair, soothing him with softly spoken Spanish and experienced fingers. “I’m sorry,” she offered quietly, once the little boy had gone still against her once more. “I was clear of the danger zone even after getting the rest of my employees evacuated, but… JARVIS picked up the kid’s heat signature and I just, I couldn’t… I couldn’t just stand there and not do anything. He’s
“I didn’t realize that things had…
“Damn it, Steve.” She gritted her teeth as he teased her with slow thrusts. The drag of his cock, hot, hard and throbbing inside her, was enough to drive her nearly out of her mind. “Please, c’mon. Need you to fuck me. Need to feel it, feel you.”
She’d been confused, at first, not knowing what she’d been meant to see. But as she always had, she’d listened, eager to please and hoping with all the desperation of an innocent mind that she might gain some measure of approval and respect if she could just do what he was asking of her.
After a long moment, Bucky pulled back. “Iron Man, if you ever take off that fuckin’ headgear, I swear to God I’m gonna kiss ya.”
Later, much later, after his chat with the beautiful and amazing Peggy Carter and after the heart-stopping realization that Bucky was MIA, he found himself in front of that very tent.
It had been Toni who, at the time, he had barely considered to be a friend.
“Ready, soldier boy?” she asked, still grinning in anticipation, but there was a real question there that told Steve she would pull the plug if he said that he wasn’t. Why he was so sure of that, he couldn’t say, but he’d trusted his gut this far… and his gut, apparently, trusted her.
Now, two days had passed since, and Tony was still on lockdown in his lab. It was the longest that Steve had ever gone not talking or seeing him since they’d become friends and the knowledge tore at him; ached like a slow-acting poison; but the sad truth was that he knew he deserved nothing less.
the woman’s voice came over the line before he could even greet her, and Pepper Potts, the notoriously unflappable woman, sounded completely
“I’ll take that under advisement, Dr. Banner,” Rhodey replied amicably, and Toni hoped she was the only one who knew him well enough to see the hidden disregard in his eyes. If not for her, Toni knew, Rhodes wouldn’t have hesitated to pick a fight with Steve. Something they, no doubt, needed to talk through.
Trusting her gut had saved her life, and the lives of her family, more than once. It felt wrong to dismiss it now, but she’d had little else in the way of choices.
He didn’t need to say the words for Toni to hear them.
With slow movements, Toni slipped soundlessly off the bed and out of the sectioned off medical area. She could keep herself awake; had done it most of her life, anyway; and the more important thing at that moment, was letting Bruce and Steve get some sleep.
Whether it was MIT lecturers or stuffy old board members or even SHIELD, Toni managed their impossible standards with all the grace of a ballet dancer. Stress and pressure didn’t fluster her; in fact, Steve would have wagered that those things only added to the thrill for the genius; and she effortlessly maintained her status as one of the foremost figures in the world in terms of developmental technology and business, all while being part of a team that saved the world on a regular basis.
“I’ve seen this before,” he muttered thoughtfully, and it clicked after another second. “On Iron Man. On the suit.” With a flash of comprehension, he raised tormented blue eyes to her. “This is the power source, isn’t it? The unstable power source with all the risks you don’t want anyone else to take?”
With them being distracted, it had been easy for a reporter to sneak past the barrier, and unlike him and the Lieutenant Colonel, she didn’t have any qualms intruding on a tender family moment.
There were only a few words exchanged by Bucky and Natasha, all of which Steve blocked out as not being remotely important right then, and after a brief pause, Peter came on the line.
Unaware of Steve’s blood running colder in his veins, Tony continued to speak. “I did everything he wanted, even when I didn’t want to, because all I wanted was for him to look at me, just once, and actually see me. Me as I was, not just as his goddamn succession plan. He never did, and I never got the chance to try one more time.” As he spoke, Tony inched forward, but for all that the words were meant to be a distraction, Steve knew that there was truth in them. They were too raw not to be.
Hope it was everything you guys hoped for!
Bucky sent him a smug little grin that made Steve feel like he was missing something, but his friend only grinned wider when he scowled. Before he could do or say anything in response, however, his pseudo brother was looping an arm around Toni’s shoulders and pulling her against his side.
Look just where it had gotten them? Okay, it was great that she’d saved that kid, the archer couldn’t possibly negate that, but what was the cost of her actions going to be? How could they be sure that it wouldn’t be the unthinkable, this time?
her mind suggested helpfully, and it almost made Toni snort in laughter. Not because thinking of Steve was a bad idea, but because she spent most of her waking and sleeping moments thinking of the man in some way or another. He wasn’t ever truly out of her thoughts.
She passed the bodies on the floor with barely more than a cursory glance. Remorse might have taken root for any other person, in any other situation, but not for them. They only had themselves to blame for partaking; for being brainless enough to even look in the direction of one so precious to her heart.
Before he could say anything; offer any comfort; the genius tipped her glass at him again. “To Mrs. Rogers,” she said softly, and rather than take a drink, Toni tossed the remainder of the alcohol into the little pot plant that formed some of the sparse decoration in the room.
The way his friend mimicked his words was annoying in and of itself, even when Steve wasn’t taking into account the fact that Bucky was trying to seduce his… uh… well, Toni. Was trying to seduce Toni.
Steve glanced up just in time to react, throwing a hand up to snatch the bottle of water from the air. It had been sailing directly for his head, and part of him wondered whether it had been thrown with the dual advantage of either aiding him, or getting to watch him take a water bottle to the skull.
“Brucie Bear!” Toni injected as much enthusiasm as she could manage into the address and was rewarded by two small huffs of laughter. She would bet the tower that her science bro was smiling, at the very least. “Fancy meeting you here. Hey, what about the new project? Isn’t it time-sensitive?”
Toni glared stonily at the EMT, defiance radiating off her from the clench of her fists at her side to the stubborn set of her jaw. “What part of ‘No’ didn’t you understand, you overgrown…”
“Jealousy?” Tony echoed disbelievingly. “Jealous of what?”
The soldier didn’t dare to look away, and when the scientist tapped his heart, an unspoken message as clear as day in the gesture, Steve knew without asking, all that he was saying.
Though he knew not the specifics of the trouble, Thor had no doubt that Peter was well aware that his mother was in some sort of distress. Perhaps his certainty came from his own unerring sense of danger when it came close to his mother, but Lady Frigga was not nearly so courted by trouble as his iron clad comrade and Thor knew that it could just as easily be coming from him projecting his own anxiety on to the child.
Case in point. “Decimated,” Rhodes bit off pointedly. “Decimated, decimated, decimated, deci-”
They’d worked together, as a unit, for years, but for the first time, Steve saw Clint’s normally playful eyes go flat and dark with undisguised murderous intent. Dimly, he found it in himself to be shocked that the archer had reacted even faster than Natasha, who was only now positioning herself protectively in front of Toni and Peter, and part of him felt hurt that they’d believe him capable of hurting the love of his life like that.
“I am, though,” Toni interrupted in a whimper that she would go to her grave denying had ever been made by her. She shook her head, dislodging the comforting contact of his forehead against hers. “I’m no better than him, Steve, I punched him
It wasn’t like they hadn’t heard her sing for Peter before.
Distantly, he heard Pepper’s voice, asking him what they needed to do, if there was anything she could do, and then Bucky’s voice was joining hers, trying to urge him out of an inaction that he wasn’t totally aware he’d fallen into. Before he could figure out how to answer them, remember how to be the steady Captain instead of the terrified lover, a voice came over the comms.
She didn’t understand the whole issue, anyway. Peter had no problem calling everyone else by their names – Steve himself, who had been fathering that kid harder than Toni had ever known anyone to father, was no more or less than
He hiccupped once, one small hand twisting in the fabric of her wifebeater. “I
Ah. So it wasn’t his rival after all. That was probably for the best, it wouldn’t do for any competition of his to know just why his boyfriend has a whole team of “bodyguards” willing to kill for him.
What he didn’t know, was why he found himself standing outside Stark’s room, knocking tentatively as soon as the Senator had left, after throwing plans and logistics for his new job at him.
Still, Bruce mused to himself as he went through some deep breathing on the Quinjet in an attempt to hold the Hulk at bay. He wouldn’t change Toni for anything. Even now, while the Other Guy practically radiated agitation at the prospect of
“You probably won’t for much longer,” Fury commented, and an ominous feeling crept up Toni’s spine. “Not when you find out that your boyfriend offered Howard a room in the Avenger Tower until he can make it back home.”
I’m so sorry I took so long. I love you so much, sweet pea, I’m so sorry…”
“Promise.” Steve felt like the word was ripped from the depths of his soul, for how much it resonated with him. Tony was his, and he was Tony’s. It was a truth that he should have seen a long time ago, and a truth that he’d nearly lost forever. The thought tore at him. “I promise, Tony.”
His unfaltering certainty would go on to last precisely two weeks.
She knew those eyes with the same type of familiarity that one had with their favourite book, or a well-watched movie. It was easy for her to read the fear there; fear that she knew hadn’t left Steve since he’d first heard of the incident. She’d seen it plenty times before on his face, and some of those times not even in the field. It was one of her least favourite looks on her super soldier.
Stepping in front of her and resting his hands on her knees, Steve leaned forward and pressed his lips against her temple. Once, twice, three times, a line down to the top of her jaw. “No hospital,” he stated as he pulled away from her, a voice of low command that belonged to the Captain. Steely blue eyes rested on the appropriately intimidated paramedic. “Take care of her as thoroughly and gently as you can here. Doctor Banner will assist you.”
But years spent trying to keep a promise to Toni wasn’t easily erased. “Thanks,” Steve nodded politely, capping the bottle after draining the last of the water. He’d promised to be courteous, not particularly friendly. Without needing him to holler, Bruce dragged the imaging equipment to where Steve was, fatigue tightening his features. It was an arduous procedure, tossing out an echo every twenty minutes or so to make sure that they didn’t remove rubble that could potentially cause another collapse and take Toni out with it; arduous, but extremely necessary. Any more harm coming to Toni was totally unacceptable, and that was something all the men involved could wholeheartedly agree on, differences aside.
When he finally couldn’t handle it anymore, he got up on his knees, quick fingers making quick work of both their pants and underwear. There were so many things he wanted to do in that moment; taste Toni, touch her, anything to make her writhe for him; but the need to make sure she was comfortable outweighed all that, and there was only one way to touch her and still keep an eye on her to make sure she was fine.
Even more so when she huffed out a little sigh of relief, sending him a sheepish smile. “Consider the message passed,” Toni nodded, leaning back against the desk and resting the bottom of her palms on the edge of it.
Suppressing a scowl as Barnes followed him, Tony focused his attention on the various butterfly knives, stun guns and one wicked looking dagger all wrapped in an old t-shirt that Jarvis had helped his stockpile in his youth. Bucky let out a low whistle as Tony lifted the cuff of his jeans and strapped the dagger with its sheath along his calf.
As she spoke, Toni undid the top two buttons of her shirt. What might have aroused Steve in any other instance, now made him tense slightly in unease, so fearful was he that Toni would tell him there was no way to make her better.
She’d changed his life irrevocably that night, and though he hadn’t known it at the time, Rhodes was profusely grateful to whatever deity had given him the chance to be there, to save her and then be saved by her in a much more profound way later on. Not for nothing, she was one of the most important people in his life and he wouldn’t have it any other way.
“Who cried, sweetheart?”
And then there was the simple distinction of being family; something that never threatened to awe Toni like the first time she’d created something out of virtually nothing.
The genius was drawn from her thoughts by the familiar chime of her Starkphone. Without needing to be asked, JARVIS connected to the software of her phone, and in the next second, the screen of one of her monitors was filled with a picture of the love of her life.
For the longest time, Toni hadn’t realized that love and lust, when they were with the right person, could co-exist simultaneously. It was one of the many things Steve had taught her, and something she never got tired of seeing on his face. The way his eyes got dark, but also softened. The way his lips parted as his desire ran rampant, but also lifted in the slightest smile. The way he wanted to possess every part of her was something she hoped never to take for granted.
Steve,” she said plaintively, leaning forward to press a persuasive kiss to Steve’s collarbone. In so doing, she rocked furtively against him again. Bit back a smirk at the full-body shudder it caused. “No holding back. I’m yours. You’ve got everything I am,” she reminded him as she drew back, moving her arms to drape loosely around his shoulders. “Don’t take yourself away from me.”
Steve should have known that she would come. Palladium poisoning or not, she was always there when he needed her the most.
There was enough fury still blazing through his body to make Steve want to cheer her on; but damned if he didn’t know his love better than she knew herself. What she needed, now, wasn’t more anger. Wasn’t more pain or more revenge or more bloodshed or death.
“Who told you that?” the kid asked, and suddenly, his voice was small and so very young. “I mean… is it from a book or something, or just something you learned?”
Bruce sighed on the other end, sounding like he was coming off a tense internal battle with his vicious alter ego.
“I’m alright, Stevie,” she murmured, as soft and gentle as the reassurances she’d offered Peter. “I’m right here, I’m okay. You got me out of there and I’m safe, now.”
“Bein’ brainwashed ain’t a good enough reason for actin’ like you’re braindead, jerk.” Steve tried to force his voice into something light and nonchalant. Bucky wouldn’t let him forget it if he saw Steve being protective of Tony, never mind that it was totally friendly. “You and Tony finally hit your stride as friends, don’t go complicating that now.”
Oh God, oh
“Clint, stand down!” Toni hissed furiously, shifting Peter away from the scene and ignoring the child’s confused attempts to turn around and see what was happening. In his frozen position, Steve also spared a moment to be impressed by how quickly Toni had managed to turn Pete away, so that the kid wouldn’t have to see this.
“You scared the hell out of me, darlin’,” Steve admitted softly, curling his body protectively around Tony’s. “When I saw them bring you in, those bruises on your face… and then when they started…”
Steve halted his internal monologue of cussing out his oldest friend, shifting into a slightly defensive stance as he turned with Tony towards the new voice. Blue eyes narrowed as Steve locked on to a man who was about his height, muscled and toned and a little rough looking with his leather jacket and ripped jeans and close-cropped black hair. Green eyes that looked almost emerald danced with happiness as the man looked upon Tony, and it immediately put Steve’s back up.
Steve had known torture in his life. But this was a cruel and unusual form of it.
Steve started a little. Surely as a father, Howard should have been happy to share the credit with his daughter, at least, not want to take it all for himself? “That’s not fair,” he found himself saying, jaw ticking in annoyance. Just how many Stark weapons had Toni’s hand in it, but only her father’s stamp? “Maybe if I…”
Oblivious to Steve’s mounting displeasure, Tony’s eyes were affixed to Coleman. “I heard you got the bump to LT not too long ago,” he said, pride lifting his voice as well. “I remember when all you wanted was to get your detective’s badge. You’ve come a long way, Ry.”
“Nothin’ much,” Steve shrugged, still feeling inexplicably like he’d been sucker punched. “Jus’ that he was tired of waiting around for nothin’, and he was happy that we were best friends so he wasn’t going to ruin that for anythin’. That he wouldn’t have to, now, because he’s
Hey y'all! A quick thanks again for the warm reception, both to this fic and to the first in the series! :D I'm thoroughly enjoying writing this, so I really hope y'all enjoy reading it!
Steve nipped her throat softly without warning, startling a breathy gasp out of her. “You’re thinking too hard,” he commented lowly, but Toni felt his smile against her skin. The arm that was wrapped around her waist tightened, tugging her impossibly closer against his chest; he was a solid wall of heat against her back. “Must be doing something wrong if you can still do that,” the supersoldier added musingly, teasing her by trailing his fingers underneath the oversized t-shirt she’d worn to sleep; his t-shirt; and swirling a senseless pattern over her belly and now-healed ribs.
Toni, contrary to public opinion, was not a soulless automaton.
But watching him figure out that Steve was irretrievably in love with him? Not so much awe inspiring as it was completely terrifying. More so than anything else in his life.
“You don’t need to justify yourself to me,” he replied mildly, and Toni had enough presence of mind to feel chastised. Of course she knew that her best friend required no explanation; he simply vented his frustration by way of acceptance.
It had been dropped there the instant that he’d seen Toni hunched over at her mother’s dedication plaque, and it had only gotten progressively heavier at the sight of her red-rimmed eyes, and then her heartbreaking train of thought, which had made Steve thrill for a moment, when Toni had called Peter her son for the second time, but then had come with the realization that she thought herself no better than that
His throat was being clogged by his thundering heart, and Steve had to blink twice to clear suddenly tunneled vision. “Pepper,
when he called her that. Toni used to love her name, until Howard had managed to turn it into something foul-sounding. Something mocking.
“I would do anything for Steve,” Tony interrupted icily, finally whirling around and stabbing a finger fearlessly into Barnes’ chest. Lethal enforcer didn’t even come close to vengeful lover as far as he was concerned. “But I’m not going to stand here and defend myself to someone who was ready to let him die an hour ago.”
Her lifeline approached her in human form. “Brucie bear!” she fairly beamed at her fellow scientist, and the brunet stopped warily in his tracks a few paces away from her. “Bruce will be there the entire time, he can handle anything that might happen,” she stated confidently, unrepentant even when Steve aimed a glare at the hapless scientist.
The third, which kind of followed from the second, to be honest, was that Steve
And as it was wont to do, it all came together with a few explosives.
The reply was vague and nebulous, holding the kind of ambiguity that wouldn’t have been out of place with Toni, and the thought made him smile briefly.
Without preamble, he pulled her into his arms, lifting her into a bridal carry without exerting much energy at all. A small part of him purred in pleasure at having her so close to him, especially when she didn’t protest, only snuggled closer to his chest in response, but the dominant part of him was shivering right along with her, only in distress rather than pain.
He froze where he was, epiphany striking him like a lightning bolt.
There was going to be moments in the near future; of this she had no doubt; when she would be recuperating in her workshop, or her office, or the sitting room on her and Steve and Peter’s floor, and the air shafts would creak tellingly as the archer kept a silent and subtle eye on her to make sure that she was okay and safe, and then there would be moments still when she would find him on the roof at odd hours because he was anxious about something happening to her or one of the rest of the team like that again, but all of that would happen without the captive audience they had at the moment. Clint tended to play his cards as close to the chest as Toni herself did, which was why that mutual understanding existed between them in the first place.
she mumbled, sounding like she was already mapping out a plan of action in her head.
Steve’s breathless voice cut across whatever response Bucky had been about to make. Her boyfriend sounded like he’d been sucker punched; pained, shocked and disbelieving; but there was an edge of hope, like he couldn’t believe it was her, that sounded so achingly young, Toni’s heart broke a little in the face of it.
Without thinking about it, Steve shook his head. “You’re never harmless,” he refuted, thinking of how strong and resourceful the genius was. “Not really.”
She could figure out the Mommy quandary later. For now, she had a four-year-old, a super soldier, and breakfast in bed to enjoy.
And then for the rest of the night, after she’d fallen asleep and unconsciously curled into his warmth like a kitten starved for affection, he’d gotten the rundown on Toni. Just Toni.
Fear made her weak. It made her powerless and defenseless, and she wasn’t going to be any of the above. Not while he needed her.
Of that, Steve was already pretty sure, having seen some of Toni’s genius more than once. “I’m not really worried about that, but… you’re all going to be in some trouble at the lab after this.”
Steve’s heart was racing, despair pumping a jagged, disjointed rhythm inside him as he reached out a hand in sheer desperation. “Grab my hand!” he yelled, over the sounds of the train, over the sounds of the unforgiving winds, over the sounds of his own screams echoing in his head.
he hastened to assure her, and Toni heard his footsteps as he began to walk, the low sobbing becoming louder with proximity and breaking her heart.
Judging from the look on the Colonel’s face as he drew back his faceplate with a dull
Like, for example, last Thursday, when he’d been working on the prototype of a watch that was meant to be part of a new line of combat gear he was developing. The watch itself was designed to be virtually indestructible, connected to the comm unit of the rest of the battalion, containing a tracker which was also virtually indestructible and activated based on the whether or not a soldier’s heart rate ratcheted up above the threshold that Tony had determined as the baseline for pain, and perhaps most notably, was embedded with nanotechnology that could be enacted to cover the wearer’s arm with flipping panels made from a gold-titanium alloy. Instant impenetrable arm shield in case of a sudden attack.
Apparently it was a day meant for surprises, because Toni actually believed the man. He looked distinctly displeased, probably trying to reconcile the public persona Howard Stark he’d known, to the father of the year that Toni had grown up with.
“Cap insisted,” was all Fury said in response, and Toni suddenly couldn’t handle being anywhere near him or the stupid SHIELD headquarters.
Focusing on his face, and on Steve’s, and on the rest of their family’s faces, she hauled herself up one more perch.
Toni felt her heart break a little; and absently, felt relief in knowing that she
It shouldn’t have been such a turn-on, but it really was. Toni had been quick to find out that Steve’s voice was more than enough to spark desire in her, but when he talked like that? When he praised her, called her his? It felt like euphoria was buzzing in her veins.
“What’s that?” Tony asked, a bemused grin lifting his lips in response. The sight made Steve’s own smile easier still, and a lot more natural.
“You were jealous… because you wanted me at home?” Tony asked eventually, slowly, like he was clarifying.
The words were barely out of his mouth before Steve began to consider whether he wanted to break the man’s other cheekbone, or aim for something a little more painful. Before he could decide, though, Howard remarked cavalierly, “You’d think she’d be grateful to me for trying to keep her from fucking up that kid, and you, as much as she’s fucked everything else in her life up, but that was always Antonietta for you. About as thankless and worthless as the day is long.”
she loved that man.
Thor couldn’t help echoing a hint of Loki’s bitterness as he replied, “Father has forbidden the interference of Asgard in any mortal affairs.”
Most of his adult life had been centered on the next mission. Nothing much had mattered to him outside of the job that had finally given him some meaning and purpose, and he hadn’t looked forward unless it was at a new target. His adolescence had comprised of the aimless wanderings of a lost soul who had no hope of finding something to lend substance to its existence, and his childhood was a landmine that he wouldn’t step close to on threat of death.
She could practically hear her friend rolling his eyes.
All told, Toni had never been quite so grateful to HYDRA before, although she was careful not to joke about the incident for a few weeks after. Even now, Steve still got a hurt, pinched little look on his face when he thought back to the moment when he’d been unsure if she was clear, or if he was about to hear and see her die, and Toni always hated to remind him of anything that caused him pain.
Their heavy breaths intermingled as they stayed like that for a moment, connected as closely as two people could possibly be. When Steve’s lips began to brush her skin; aimlessly over her neck, her shoulder, her collarbone; she responded by threading her fingers through his hair.
For whatever his reason, she didn’t seem to care, and instead invited him in with a careless flick of her head. He eyed a bruise he saw along her cheekbone, wondering just how and when she’d taken any hit.
Shaking his head in an attempt to shake off the amazement, Steve replied, “Just peachy, uh… Shellhead.” He grinned to show that he meant the nickname with affection. “If you count out the fact that we got shot at multiple times.”
Not for the first time, Toni patted herself on the back for having the foresight to design the Quinjet for both speed and comfort.
“Toni, let’s be reasonable here,” Steve coaxed, and pinned her with those lethally big blue eyes; an expression he damn well knew was a weakness of hers. “What if something happens on the flight home and I don’t know how to help?”
She wasn’t aware of dropping her mug, and the subsequent crash as it fell to the common room floor. She was only peripherally aware of dialing Bruce, and the moment that Thor entered the living room, wielding Mjolnir and looking as dangerous as a warrior in the midst of his fiercest battle.
this wasn’t the first time that Toni had pointed out that obscure grammatical error, and he knew very well that he was using it wrong now. It was common knowledge that the pair frequently pretended to bicker, in a vaguely sibling-esque manner, but this was probably the first time that Steve blatantly saw Rhodes being the one to rock the ship.
“Gotta work on manual releases,” he muttered under his breath, making Steve wonder why he was talking as though he had a direct link to Toni. Maybe it was recording the suit’s first flight? Who knew?
he cried because of something Howard did.” She dragged in a rattling inhalation, her breath starting to come out faster and shorter as she spoke. “I spent… fuck, I spent most of my childhood crying like that, crying like my heart was
“I only understood about half of that,” Barnes replied cheerfully, “but if there’s a red dot to follow, you got it.”
“Please.” He snorted scornfully, barely sparing her a glance before he began to take in her tech. “Even if the technology was at my disposal in my time, I’d hardly think any of your half-baked ideas worth pilfering, Antonietta.”
Instantly, she began to chastise herself.
“I may have doubted,” Thor admitted, still looking as jovial and guileless as a puppy. “Once. Possibly twice. But it is a mistake I will be sure not to repeat,” he added, softening visibly. Dipping, he pressed a gentle kiss to her cheek. When he drew back, some measure of solemnity had darkened his eyes, and it was one of the rare times that Thor had ever deigned to be serious, so she listened. “You were missed, Toni, verily. And though I applaud your actions as a warrior, I must beseech you as family, not to scare us like that again.”
Finally, it was Bucky who shifted their light conversation to something deeper. “You scared the fuck out of us, you know?” he said without preamble. A wry smile twisted Toni’s lips – it was just like Bucky to strike right to the heart of the matter without any warning at all – but she heard the residual pain in his voice clearly enough not to make light of the words.
– Steve began to plead. “JARVIS, I was a complete moron, I wasn’t thinking… I didn’t know. Please, tell me where she is, I need to apologize. I need to make sure she’s okay.”
He was chewing on the name when Stark – the female version – entered, and he was a little surprised when her arrival wasn’t heralded by the customary snark or dramatic flair. Instead, she didn’t spare a glance for anyone, her face stony and set as she made a beeline for the submarine that the HYDRA agent had left behind. She tinkered around in the open panel, and to his credit, Howard Stark didn’t stop her, but him, Colonel Phillips and the Senator all simultaneously swiveled their heads her way when she casually remarked, “I can reverse engineer some of this. Scavenge some of it, too. Maybe try to find some distinguishable signature to something that we can try our hand at tracking.”
It hadn’t been very long since the last scare she’d had; since an earthquake in Argentina had conspired to take her away from her family; but 8 months could have been 8 minutes for how fresh she knew it still was in Steve’s heart. They were still arguing during fights because the Captain kept trying to protect her mid-battle, and Toni knew without asking that her lover would be going out of his mind with worry until he was back home.
In a way, the discovery that the Hulk was able to feel something more than rage changed Bruce’s entire perspective. It weighed in heavily on the side of Toni’s theory; that the Hulk was just a supercharged alter ego of himself with thoughts and emotions, albeit primal, that went beyond what was immediately prevalent.
Perhaps it was the cuss word that he never used in front of Peter, or maybe it was his own enhanced hearing, but Bucky was suddenly all business, face grim and jaw set as he closed the gap between them. He stayed angled, so they could have a clear line of sight towards a blissfully oblivious Peter, but he was close enough that he could still wrap a steadying hand around Steve’s bicep.
How was he ever going to make up for that?
“Real nice example you’re setting for Peter there,” Steve added cuttingly, and it was all too much, too soon, she couldn’t take this from him, too… “Maybe you were right, maybe you’re not cut out to be his mother. Not if you expose him to this.”
Not to say that he hadn’t, before. Granted, the first time he’d gotten the actual words from Toni, had been after Afghanistan, and she’d been high on painkillers and sheer relief at the time, but he’d heard them a lot from her after that. Almost as if the hesitation to speak those three words had vanished after gathering up the courage to say them the first time. He still remembered how he’d frozen in shock, having difficulty computing the words since he’d actually never heard her say them in the entirety of their friendship. Later, he would find out that she’d only ever said them a handful of times before, to her mother and Jarvis, and later still, he would learn that he was the first person in years who she’d been inclined to say it to, and really mean it, but in that moment? After three months of mind-numbing terror that he would never see his best friend and surrogate baby sister again? The only thing he’d been able to think about was how he was never going to let anyone hurt her like that again.
Instead, he’d defended that miserable son of a bitch. He’d said, God, the most awful things to Toni. He’d fed into the fear he’d known she had, about being a bad mother.
Only, he hadn’t counted on himself being the only one able to admit it.
Trust aside, he felt himself bristle slightly. “Not all of them,” Steve replied, voice light but firm. “I wouldn’t be so quick to paint Toni with the same brush as her father.” He pointedly ignored the fact that he’d done just that, and while he was at it, Steve also ignored the irony of him being the one that was defending Toni. He would analyze it later.
“Fabrication status of the Mach-12 Iron Woman armour is at 94% and rising. Systems indicate no unwarranted materials’ strain and my servers detect no glitches amidst the wiring or coding of the new features. Fabrication completion estimated at 23 minutes.”
She hadn’t factored in the aftershocks. Not because she hadn’t considered them, but because they’d been happening on and off the entire day without effect. But the Avengers moving the rubble combined with an already precarious structure and a slightly more powerful aftershock? It shouldn’t have surprised her that this happened. Momentarily, she berated herself for making the supposition that the aftershocks couldn’t get worse than what they’d had. After a main shock as big as the one they’d had, she should have worked on the assumption that a powerful tremor was working its way to them.
“Morning, beautiful,” Steve replied warmly. Obviously, she’d been worried about nothing, as everything seemed to be going okay. “You know, I have no idea how you balance on your chair like that.”
She didn’t know what she was apologizing for, but God knew that Maria Stark could certainly take her pick. Toni had put her mother through more than her fair share, growing up. Even now, without meaning to, she was probably hurting her mother; Howard had been sent back not long after their fight yesterday. Coulson had come around, visibly fuming, and had extracted the spitting mad elder Stark himself, frog marching him out of Stark Tower like he was a misbehaving toddler. After that, the agent had lit a fire underneath the guys who were investigating the time warp that HYDRA had opened, and before she’d even put Peter to bed, Toni had gotten the call that Howard had been returned to the past, sporting only a few more new bruises, courtesy of Clint and presumably Coulson himself.
“Don’t,” he entreated softly, muscles vibrating with barely restrained rage even as he pulled her closer with untold gentleness. Steve pressed a chaste kiss to her lips, then another, and another. “That wasn’t your fault, sweetheart. Don’t ever think that. Don’t do that to yourself.”
Steve felt fury begin to bubble in his chest, ugly and violent, but the story had barely begun and he didn’t want to give Toni any reason to think that any of his anger was directed at her, so he did the only thing he knew would help. He wrapped his arms loosely around her waist, the contact equally to reassure himself and her, and nodded to show that he was still with her, still listening.
For her part, Toni simply cast her gaze away from him, but not before he caught the pained weariness that still lingered in her expressive eyes.
“Steve.” Tony’s voice was wrecked as he stumbled out Steve’s name, pulling back, but the super soldier chased his mouth insistently. With another little groan of acquiescence, Tony kissed him back, moaning prettily when Steve turned them both around and pressed him against the railing, slipping his thigh snugly between Tony’s legs. “Jesus, Steve,” he whined, breaking the kiss as his head fell back when Steve rocked gently against him. Heady pleasure fogged the super soldier’s head but Steve had enough presence of mind to seize the opportunity to latch his lips on to Tony’s exposed throat, biting and suckling until he was sure a nice, noticeable mark would form. “Fuck, oh
