Miraculously, a gas station appeared after around an hour of walking. Soaked in sweat and nearly bowling over from how badly he needed water and food, Dean staggered into the place, looking, he guessed, like hell.
“Well, you’ve forgotten Gabriel, but as he is currently attempting to seduce your brother, I feel that you might be off the hook for that one,” Cas said.
Sam had split off already, trying to get into a good position to attack Alastair. Dean was standing behind a tree, preparing to Be A Distraction. More demons were arriving by the minute, joining the original circle and stacking themselves so thickly that Dean could barely keep track of what was happening anymore. It was time.
happen today,” Gabriel said. “Have either of the Chuckle Brothers filled you in on what we’re doing tomorrow?”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Sam said. “I’m trying to help you, but you seem like you don’t want to be helped by me right now.”
“There is,” Dean said. “They’re almost never on earth, but trust me, there is.” He scrambled for some way to convince Bobby, then remembered the handprint. “Here,” he said, pulling his shirt down. “The angel left this.”
couldn’t he have just pushed forward and gotten his feelings out there, once and for all? There would be no moving on until he told Dean, because until he told Dean, for-real-told him and not just coward-told him, he would still be harboring this stupid little flame of hope that maybe Dean felt the same way, and the stupid little flame wasn’t about to let him seriously pursue anyone else, not when Dean Winchester was still a whisper of a hint of an option.
“I’m told that the decorations won’t hang themselves,” she said dryly. “In fact, I was told that by your
“How many presents do you need to get?” Dean said. “I already have Charlie’s, Sam’s, and yours. For Bobby I was just thinking of finding the most durable, boring flask possible.”
Dean finally pulled off and swallowed heavily. Cas was panting slightly, sweaty and sprawled out over the bed, looking shell-shocked.
The days all bled into each other with no distinguishing features -- the concept that anyone in hell deserved a second’s break from the constant torture was a hilarious joke. Dean didn’t see anything but the rack and the flayed souls, didn’t feel anything but the feel of a weapon in his hands, for at least three years.
“I don’t know,” Cas said, turning away. “As I said, I’m not told much. As far I understand it, there were some complicated prophecies that had to be fulfilled before the first seal could be broken. But every seal after that was relatively easy. My brothers in the garrison did their best, but we didn’t even know about the seals until half of them were already gone. The last seal was Lilith’s death.”
The “ball” was alarming enough, but Castiel detected another alarming word in Gabriel’s sentence that required explanation.
Dean couldn’t bear to look at Sam, so he couldn’t tell if his brother was taking Alastair seriously or not. “Why did you kill Lilith?” he said again, in a careful monotone.
A note: in my head, Cas is demisexual but theoretically could be attracted to any gender, which is why he identifies bisexual in this fic.
“You…” Cas said, and found himself immediately choking on his words. “You are just… I’ve never met anyone like you. You’ve changed the course of my life completely… I mean, think of where I was when we met, and where I am now… I never knew how to have fun before I met you, I never knew how to… uh…” Even in his drunken state, Cas realized it would be a bad idea to say anything along the lines of ‘like men without hating myself.’ “I never knew how to forgive myself. Does that make sense?” he finished, knowing it absolutely didn’t.
“I found out what the plan is,” Cas said, looking away. “It’s not good, their plan. We need another one. So, we find God, and get him to stop Lucifer.”
The cascade of dirt onto Dean’s face when he finally got the coffin open was almost a relief. Here was a sensation besides
“Castiel! Hi! Great to see you! Have you seen a large green box anywhere?” Sam Winchester said as soon as Cas stepped through the front door. He had panic in his eyes, what looked like several decades worth of dust in his hair, and a handful of weapon-related paraphernalia in his hands. As Cas contemplated how to politely tell him that he had been in the house for less than a second and could not possibly have seen a large green box, a few miscellaneous bullets tumbled out of Sam’s hands and onto the floor.
“I’m sorry, man,” Dean said. “I shouldn’t have left you like that.” He had thought that Castiel would be right behind him -- in fact, the angel had promised he would be.
“They might just decide not to get married,” Jo said. “Dean distrusts the government. I can’t see him wanting them involved in his life any more than they have to.”
Dean fought against his bindings as Alastair continued to ramble, taking a blunt silver knife out of his pocket and stroking it lovingly.
His phone had been dead for at least three days. Prior to its demise, Bobby had been leaving increasingly stern and specific voicemails, which told Dean that Cas must have filled him in on the entire sordid affair. It was good that Bobby knew, Dean supposed. Perhaps it would make Bobby slightly more sympathetic to what Dean had to do, once he got the courage to do it.
“Much of what humans consider to be sinful is not inherently bad, you know,” Cas said thoughtfully, pushing the door open. An ancient-looking bell chimed as they entered the bar. “Nor am I a paragon of good, myself. I can err just as you can. In fact, my errors tend to be more severe, as my power is greater.”
to impress her. Cas could tell that affection was underneath his every complaint, though, so he guessed that Jess was probably as great as Sam was making her out to be, and worth the effort.
Cas sighed heavily, kicking off the ducks that had now begun lying on him and getting up so that Dean was forced to look directly into his eyes. “You are no longer in hell,” Cas said. “You are on earth, where miracles
“The tattoos work,” he said, barely a breath away. If Dean swayed even an inch forward, their noses would touch. “I couldn’t find you.”
Dean suddenly felt himself hit something, something soft and yielding that gave way to break his fall, then snapped back up. Once Dean came to a complete stop, it curved gently to let Dean slide off, looking for all the world like a massive, black hand. Dean was deposited onto the ground just as the incorporeal hand blew away in the wind, taking Michael’s presence with it, if the palpable relaxation of the atmosphere and sudden silence meant anything.
“No,” Cas said, training that serious gaze on Dean, now. Dean swallowed, hard. “The demons have raised Lucifer. All of those strange happenings were to break the seals of the cage that held him in hell.”
“Oh, don’t worry about the Antichrist, Dean-o,” Alastair said. “It’s, er…” he glanced at the pot, holding up the Colt casually. “It’s too late for him. But it’s
of them. Dean couldn’t imagine why. If hell had taught him anything, it was that you used every possible weapon available if you wanted to survive. And if the best weapon Sam had to offer was getting a nosebleed while staring at a demon, well, so be it. “They want me to do it.”
“Sounds like a big problem,” Dean said, turning away. “You guys should probably focus on that. I gotta go.”
“I just don’t get it,” Alastair said, advancing on Dean. “We were such good pals down under. Why’d you have to go and leave me?”
“What do you mean--” Cas said, voice abruptly cutting off as Dean finally sucked him down for real, slowly relaxing his throat and moving down until his lips were nearly at the base.
There was a sudden, low noise -- so low that Dean felt it more than heard it. He snapped up to his feet just as all the light in the room fizzled out in a dramatic
Cas didn’t know what to say next, and unfortunately, Sam didn’t help him out, choosing instead to come all the way into the panic room and silently sit beside him. He gave Cas a reassuring pat of the shoulder, and that was it.
The rest of the afternoon passed better than expected -- Jo’s alcoholic eggnog helped Cas relax about the coming events a little, and Bobby’s skills in the kitchen helped smooth over the components that others were not so good at. The prime rib was looking good, thanks almost entirely to Dean and just a little to Cas.
“Archangels are a different species entirely,” Cas said. “Imagine if an ant tried to trap you. Would you not squash it, regardless of what ‘side’ it was on?”
to know, anyways. There were grungy, vaguely Western-themed bars everywhere. One simply had to park a short ways from one, get black out drunk, and wake up the next day, sprawled in the back seat, with a crick in the neck and a splitting headache.
“That's a shockingly sincere apology by your standards,” Cas said. “I forgive you, if you forgive me.”
“Shut up,” Cas growled, pressing his lips back against Dean’s. Dean slid his hands down Cas’s back, trying to be subtle as he encouraged the angel to press against him, to grind against him. He was hard, he had been nearly since he’d first touched Cas, and now he realized the angel was as well. It made no sense that Cas, a multidimensional being, could participate in something so human as sex, but then again, it also made no sense that Dean Winchester had walked straight out of hell and back into life, so Dean supposed that in a certain way it
Dean cringed as Sam seemed to be attempting some kind of bow/handshake crossover. Castiel just looked at the offered hand in confusion, and Ruby rolled her eyes. Despite being out of hell for months now, Dean could still glimpse her true face whenever she made any facial expression besides her neutral one. It was always jarring, always reminding him that his brother’s judgement wasn’t necessarily sound at the moment.
Cas was forced to concede, especially when he was cruelly reminded how expensive Christmas trees had become these days. For the past several years, he’d celebrated Christmas alone, not bothering with traveling to his family or purchasing a Christmas tree. The most recent year, feeling depressed by how un-cheerful his holidays always seemed to be, he’d bought one of those Norfolk pines all the hardware stores had this time of year, but it had only served to make him more grumpy about the holidays. Being locked into his little apartment with his dying Charlie Brown tree made him realize how empty he had voluntarily made his life, by continuing to work until the eleventh hour, never making time to see his friends, and never managing to have the courage to tell Dean he wanted things to change.
They walked through the remainder of the party like little children with a horribly disguised secret. A lot of people had left, but their friends were still in the living room for the most part, Gabriel having moved on to torturing Benny, Sam sitting next to Charlie and letting Jess sleep on his shoulder, Kevin Tran still dancing around like a hyperactive hamster.
Bobby just stood there quietly for a long moment. It was obvious he was thinking, but of what, Dean had no idea.
A few hours later, Castiel was thoroughly distracted from his earlier angst by much more eggnog and an angel named Jessica. Sam had been right -- she was perfect. She was a lawyer, like Sam, and had been explaining to Castiel the intricacies of patent law for the past half hour. Originally, there had been a whole group listening as well, but everyone had gotten bored away except for Bobby, who was snoring quietly in a nearby chair.
“You start on the bows,” Cas said, wrestling with the horrible glittery wrapping paper they had been forced to buy.
by the sensation that Dean didn’t even have to pretend -- he barely even noticed the taste, and Cas’s possessive hand behind his head was strangely arousing.
“I don’t catch your drift, no,” Cas said, loosening his tie. His hair was disheveled, his eyes were crinkled in the lasting smile of the very intoxicated, and his tone of voice was somehow lower and more alluring than usual. He had never seemed more human than he did in that moment, with his socked feet on the dirty motel floor, two layers of jackets discarded, and his drunken hands trying to pull off his tie.
“Fast at what, Cas?” Dean said, his voice breaking slightly. “There’s nothing else I can do. I… I’m not strong enough. I can’t go to hell again.”
“The man at the gas station said that if I put coins into the payphone I could reach you,” Cas said, confusion in his tone. “Where are you?”
“I don’t know, kiddo!” Gabriel yelled back. “But if you ask me, he isn’t going to save you, even if you do find him. If he isn’t going to come out of hiding for a fucking apocalypse, he sure as shit isn’t going to for a single disobedient angel, don’t you think?”
They began another lap of the mall, but ran out of stamina sooner than they’d hoped due to the large amount of bags they already had and the waning effects of the hard hot chocolate. Plus, it just seemed like it would be impossible to do better than the lumpy, puce-colored socks with deformed Santas on them that Dean found. The misshapen nature of the thread made Santa’s pipe look a little like a blunt, which added to their appeal.
Silence answered him, more of the oppressive silence that had hung around Dean for the entirety of the time he’d been trapped.
It felt wrong to ambush Dean with a confession right before they went to sleep, so that option was out. But if he did it before night, it would probably still be too awkward for them to sleep in the same room anyways, so he’d be stuck on the couch. That would just add insult to injury. Maybe he could do it right before everyone showed up for the party? Then there could be a distraction readily available, and the whole thing could pass peacefully.
The eye contact lasted a moment longer, tension in the air thick. Then, in a coordinated movement, Dean reached out to pull Cas towards him just as Cas surged upwards and connected their lips. Dean groaned involuntarily as Cas’s entire body pressed against his, whether due to a drunken lack of coordination or a need to be close, he couldn’t say.
“Why have you not gone to your brother?” he said. “I had assumed that would be the first thing you did.”
“Sam, run!” he shouted. As he peeled past Sam, his brother also broke free and followed after him. Alastair was strolling behind them, clearly considering running to be beneath him.
DEAN and CASTIEL, both in black tie, are sitting at an immaculately staged table, with beautifully arranged food, upwards of 100 scented candles, and lanterns hanging from the nearby trees. Dean is holding a heavily calligraphied CARD in his hand, looking puzzled.
“You don’t think ghost-demons can take a backseat to a whole demon army?” Sam said, sounding a little incredulous.
Cas kissed like a person who had never done it before, at first, but he quickly picked up on Dean’s cues and opened his mouth, letting Dean plunge his tongue into his mouth with all the sloppiness and lack of finesse of a sincerely drunk person who had been thinking about his partner’s mouth for a long time, if he was honest with himself. Cas reached up, running his hands through Dean’s hair in a desperation that mirrored Dean’s own.
“Sure,” Gil said. It was pretty easy to read in between the lines and deduce that it would not be Gil’s best work, but as long as the shapes were all the right places, Dean guessed the symbols would do their jobs.
was in its place. Dean stared, but staring didn’t help him understand what he was seeing, because nothing he was seeing made any sense. He tried to focus on one thing at a time, but then that one piece would spiral out of his vision somehow and he’d be unable to make it out. He thought he saw a few pairs of bird wings in the top right of the mass, but then they spiraled into something he couldn’t make out, and then that became a catlike figure, and then a hive of bees which transformed again into another form he couldn’t hope to put a name to.
“You know him better than any other person we can call on,” Cas said, following him. “We can track him, but we can’t enter his lair, and we certainly can’t extract any useful information out of him. He’s warded everything against us, and if we attempted to torture him, we would risk killing him.”
, gently scolding them when they did something wrong, playing with them in the snow, teaching them how to change a tire on a car… he’d punch him. And Cas would deserve it.
Dean looked away after a long moment and changed the subject. “So, I guess we still need to find Alastair, right? Do we know where he is now?”
“Let me go,” Dean shouted, though his voice sounded feeble and small compared to Michael’s hopelessly deep one.
And when they finished Charlie’s room and moved to Castiel’s, Cas was unnerved to find that Gabriel had, actually, cleaned almost the entire thing by himself. As he smiled proudly, Cas felt his shoulders tense up. This could not possibly be a good thing.
A month or so after the Samhain incident, Castiel returned to talk to Dean, again while Sam was conveniently out with Ruby.
Dean could find a case, but it seemed so futile. He went to a drugstore instead, buying a bunch of random shit his dad would have judged him for and angrily justifying them all to his judgmental internal voice. He pushed the pile of incriminating items at the pimpled kid at the register, daring him to say something, but the kid appeared too engrossed in his phone to care.
“You’re incredible,” Cas breathed, pulling back slightly to let Dean breathe. Dean immediately dipped back down, sensing that the other man was close.
And as embarrassing as it would be to get rejected by Dean Winchester with all their old friends around, there simply wasn’t another good time to do it. It had been several years since they’d been in the same place for more than a week, anyways, and Cas knew from experience that trying to confess his feelings during a quick 4-hour catch up whenever Dean just so happened to be in Boston was always awkward, and tended to result in him uncomfortably bailing halfway through. The most recent time, he’d gotten so close -- he’d even said it. Dean had led him right there, and he’d still managed to chicken out.
“Yeah,” Dean said, with a forced laugh. He didn’t really know how it was, but he wanted to. When he’d first gotten freed, he hadn’t spared much thought to the life he’d left behind, all effort put towards determining what was real and what was fake, but now that he was around Bobby, he was beginning to feel robbed. Evidently, Dean used to be a
“They're playing what Gabriel describes as a ‘Christmas Eve drinking game’ in the kitchen,” Sam said, gesturing behind him. “I was sent to fetch you guys.”
, Sam?” Dean said, the familiar need to chide his brother for doing stupid shit returning instantly.
“He did create us,” Cas said. “But most of us never receive proof of his existence, beyond our own existence. We only have our faith.”
“That’s why you need alcohol,” Dean said, getting the attention of the bored-looking bartender and ordering a pitcher of beer. He steered them towards a corner booth and sank into it, Cas taking the seat across from his a little more tentatively. The bartender dropped the pitcher of beer off with hardly a second look.
“I am an angel, as I told you,” Castiel said. “But to easily communicate with you, or any other humans, I am forced to take a vessel, like this one. Though this one is… more temporary than most.”
With a gasp, Dean returned to the white room, where Zachariah was looking at him with false sympathy.
“Ooh, I bet we’ll need a lot of whipped cream,” Gabriel said. “And chocolate sauce? Hey, how do you make a dirty girl scout again?”
“Nice night for it,” said Dean, who had already plunged into a soft snowbank, where he was now lying, smiling contentedly.
in hell. Say yes to him, give him a corporeal body, and allow him to crush Lucifer and all of hell’s forces for good! You’ll be a hero, Dean, regardless of what you did in hell.”
The next morning, Cas woke up to find that Dean was mostly on top of him. Despite the loss of feeling he was currently suffering in his left arm, Cas had to smile. He’d always suspected that Dean was a cuddler at heart, and now he had proof.
He’d fallen into a light sleep once again when the thing of note happened. At first, he assumed that the piercing noise that made its way into his dream was just from another nightmare, but then the lightbulb above him exploded, raining glass down on Dean and waking him up for real. He scrambled to shelter in the bathroom, where the mirror promptly exploded as well. Falling to his feet, Dean’s arms went up involuntarily, trying to protect his ears from the increasingly loud screeching sound.
“I AM MICHAEL,” the voice said slowly, dragging out each syllable to be unnaturally long. “YOU ARE MY EARTHLY FORM, DEAN WINCHESTER. I HAVE WATCHED YOU FOR ALL YOUR YEARS. I KNOW IT TO BE TRUE.”
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Alastair said, standing before Sam and giving him a once-over. “Ah, yes, I think this vessel will do quite nicely. Your temperament is
Sam shouted in frustration, clearly no longer used to demons using him as a toy after whatever “training” he had been doing with Ruby. Alastair turned back to Dean, licking his lips, and Dean felt his blood run cold, so cold that even the hot anger coursing through his veins was forced to take a backseat to fear.
They ended up staying at the bar much longer than Dean had assumed they would. Cas made it through three bottles of whiskey before he finally loosened up and started laughing along with Dean’s bad jokes, and Dean finished an entire pitcher of beer himself, along with a few shots of the whiskey. They decided it was time to leave when their laughter began to attract somewhat negative attention from the bartender and the few other patrons.
“Ooh boy,” Gabriel said, eyes glimmering mischievously. “We’re doing the whole thing, little bro. The whole Hallmark thing.”
“You do that,” Dean muttered, wrapping a possessive arm around the other man. He stayed conscious just long enough to think about how good it felt to have his entire body pressed against the angel’s, how nice it was to experience such a generous overdose of human contact, before he lost consciousness and fell gracefully into sleep.
“Look, Cas,” Dean said. “I realize I’ve been an idiot for years, okay, but give me a chance to explain myself before you write me off forever, please. For as long as I knew you, I thought that you didn’t want to be with anyone, never wanted to date anyone… I mean, I know there was Meg, and Balthazar, but from the way you talked about them after the fact… I guess I assumed you had decided dating and sex and all of that wasn’t your thing. Which is fine. But
“Totally fine,” Dean said, though Cas could feel him flinch reflexively. “I love having your icicle feet to keep me cool.”
Dean ground his teeth, trying to tune Alastair out, trying to remind himself that the face he was wearing wasn’t really his father’s, but it was nearly impossible to not get sucked into the farce at least a little bit.
tell your brother about this plan, for the love of all that is holy. Castiel is fine to talk to, but do
It wasn’t just Gabriel’s argument that made Castiel so certain that The Plan needed to happen, right now -- there were also a series of logistical concerns that made this Christmas the perfect time.
They chased each other around like children for a while longer. Cas knew that Dean hadn’t had the opportunity to be a kid for very long, which was why Cas felt such joy whenever he saw Dean able to let loose like this. Some people who barely knew him wrote Dean off as immature, but Cas knew that wasn’t the case at all. He hid it, but Dean was more mature than most, and deserved to laugh like a child more than most, too.
driving into town on a very icy road, arguing about their plan of attack. Dean was all for just pulling off to the side of the road and hacking down the first pine tree that they saw. Cas thought that most of the pines were much too tall, and probably illegal to cut down, anyways.
“No, Dean,” Cas said, taking off his shoes clumsily. Dean couldn’t help but stare a little at the angel’s socked feet -- he’d never seen him even slightly undressed before. “The situation never arose.”
It really wouldn’t be all that funny, but Cas found himself doubling over with laughter anyways. “I need to sit down,” he said, collapsing into the floor model of the camping chair. He collapsed a little too far, though, and found himself halfway on the ground.
Things seemed normal the next morning, and all the mornings after that, so Cas assumed that his half-baked confession at the bar had been forgotten, whether unintentionally or as a merciful favor. But it only took him a few days to regret that he hadn't just gone all the way with it.
“Whose orders?” Dean said. The invisible wall hadn’t let up yet, but Dean was feeling more desperate to break free as Alastair got closer to his brother.
Planning to post Chapter 6 in two days, and then after that I'll probably try to stick to this posting-a-chapter-every-day thing!
It was almost a relief when the door to his room opened of its own accord and a trench-coated figure walked through. Dean looked up, free to move around now that the sound was gone, and took in the messy hair, the blue eyes, and the serious expression that was walking through the door, acting like the blown-out remains of the room around him was nothing new.
“The devil never sleeps, Cas,” Dean responded, swinging himself out of bed and padding over to the bathroom. Cas checked a clock and found that it was actually just past eight, though the clouds in the sky were still thick enough to mostly obscure the morning sun.
I APOLOGIZE. MY BROTHER DOES NOT AGREE WITH MY DECISION TO LET YOU COME TO ME VOLUNTARILY. HE TIRES OF WAR, I BELIEVE.
“Hey, how do you feel about this wrapping paper?” Dean said, holding up a golden, sparkly thing with a disgusted look on his face. Cas looked at it closer and noted that it said “Have a Blessed Christmas” over and over in a swirly cursive font, with cutesy stylized snowflakes scattered throughout.
“We should get some gift bags, so we don’t have to wrap them in anything. Wait, are you good at wrapping? I feel like you’d be good at wrapping,” Dean said. “Can you wrap my presents?”
“Agreed,” Ruby said, looking like she was dying to get out of there. “We need to leave, like, yesterday.”
“That was my true form,” Castiel said. “Being in hell grants you a rare opportunity to see it. Normally, humans can’t ever see what you just saw.”
Cas’s vessel was shorter than him. “I know your soul. I know what you did in hell. I know you feel guilty about it. And I know that it wasn’t your fault, even though you can’t see that yet. You take guilt onto yourself that should be placed on this demon, Alastair."
With the presents under the tree, the tree did look a little more complete, as long as one didn’t get close enough to see that Dean and Cas’s wrapping paper was upsettingly religious, Charlie’s wasn’t actually Christmas themed, and Gabriel’s was just a series of sinister looking brown bags.
“Wow, you’re mad that I have a friend besides you?” Dean said. “Pretty rich coming from Ruby’s little bitch boy.”
“Oh, they had a tradition in college,” Charlie said. “Whenever it’s snowing while they’re drunk, they go outside and roll around in the snow and behave like idiots. It’s very cute.”
“Hey, don’t worry,” Dean said, pulling Cas into his side. “I feel the same way. My job is pretty flexible, so you don’t have to worry about moving. And I’m not gonna run.”
His feet led him mindlessly around the perimeter of the first floor. There was no sign of Dean anywhere. Cas was just about to go upstairs and check there when he saw a lone figure sitting outside, picking at the label on a beer bottle and wearing a woefully inadequate jacket. Cas went to the linen closet to grab a heavy, aged blanket and stepped outside to join him.
“It’s too late for this kind of talk,” Cas said, waving dismissively. “Lucifer has risen, and he will bring with him the end of days. The angels will oppose him, but we fear insurgence within our ranks. Lucifer can be very convincing, and many of my brothers and sisters have died in battle already. The end is nigh.”
They got to their feet, Cas reluctant to fully detach from Dean, savoring every spot in which their arms touched, and where their fingers were interlaced.
“Hang on,” Dean said, walking away and putting a hand up. “I know what you’re going to ask, and the answer’s no.”
“Oh, come on,” Dean said, exaggerating in attempt to distract the angel from his melancholic state. Cas had smiled only a few times in Dean’s presence, and if they were both about to die, Dean was determined to not go out without getting a few more smiles out of him, and maybe even a laugh. “I’m not going to let you die without experiencing all the vices earth has to offer. Let’s go out.”
couldn’t stand giving up on the possibility so completely, not when his own demise was sure to be bloody regardless. He had to at least try.
“You know Dean, you always tease me about my relationship to Ruby, but I could say the same shit about you and Cas,” Sam said. “But I don’t, because I’m trying to be nice.”
day would be the day he got it together and accepted his fate. Those plans would always die whenever the last of the previous night’s alcohol burned away and he was left to face the reality of his situation with no buffer, no distractions. Then he would tell himself that he
“Bull,” Dean said, looking around rapidly, searching for a crack in the visage that he couldn’t find. The trees really seemed to go on forever, no sign of hell anywhere to be found in them.
“Well, we have to,” Cas said. He was starting to feel as though he was saying all the wrong things. How had he walked into this closet so casually, only to feel such tension all of a sudden?
“Bobby!” Dean called after him. “It’s really me, Bobby. I don’t know how to convince you that it’s me, because I barely remember anything from before hell, but it is me, and from what I do remember, you were like a father to me, so... I figured I should find you.”
treasured friends from our collective pasts are apparently making the time to come to the party, isn’t that nice?”
“Nope, just giving myself a makeover,” Dean said, infusing as much sarcasm and vitriol into his tone as possible. The man had barely spoken, but Dean already knew that he hated him. “Do you want to help me pierce my ear?”
say--” his voice deepened slightly, matching John’s exactly “-- Son, I’m real disappointed in you. I raised you to be a hunter, and you insist on this ridiculous rebellion -- why? You’re supposed to be the good son. You’re supposed to be there for Sam.”
Dean swore to himself and threw his phone across the room, breaking it against the motel wall. It was stupid to throw a phone against a wall, stupid and pointlessly destructive, but then again, so was life, so why should Dean fight the urge to destroy? He’d fought it for his entire past life, and he’d gone to hell for all his troubles.
and make him do anything, see how far that got them, but then he started to get visions of the tattoos melting off his arms and rendering him powerless and back in hell, so vivid that he could almost smell the sulfur and burning flesh. He fell asleep a few times, but every time he gasped awake as soon as he started to dream, his subconscious well-versed in the art of not letting him sleep too deeply.
Downstairs, Sam was buzzing around, attempting to cook for everyone while also handing out assignments and describing all that needed to get done during the day. Behind him, Jo was surreptitiously correcting his cooking mistakes, taking the bacon off the stove before it turned into a charred disaster and ensuring that filter paper wasn’t making it into the coffee.
A demon who had been standing attentively at Alastair’s side came forward silently, showing him a fancy pocket watch. Alastair nodded.
The body that a senior demon had put the soul in suddenly stiffened, its eyes lighting up blue. Dean stepped back reflexively, pointing the axe he was holding at it. Nothing like this had ever happened, and Dean didn’t know what the protocol was. Nor had he ever seen anything with eyes that color -- black and yellow, sure, but never such a glowing, celestial blue.
“Fuck," Dean said. "So... it's true?" He was looking at Cas like he had just shown him the gates of heaven. “You really do feel the same way I do?”
“I just think it’s a pretty interesting coincidence that angels return to earth for the first time in centuries, apparently, and at that same moment, Lucifer just so happens to rise, Dean,” Sam snapped.
“Yeah,” he said, rubbing his eyes surreptitiously. “Were you watching me that whole time? That’s kind of weird, dude. Men don’t watch other men sleep.”
“But Gabe,” he said in protest. “How will I ever know if the brunette girl will forgive the blond man for not telling her he was secretly the prince of a small, vaguely European nation?”
“I do know you, Dean, and that’s very nice of you to say,” Cas said, but he was still looking out the window, clearly not focused at all. “But heaven will surely be after us now, if they weren’t already. We need to be careful.
“I was simply wondering if I had done something wrong,” Cas continued, stumbling over his words a little. “I don’t know much about the mating rituals of humans--”
“An Antichrist, yes,” Sam said. “These children are powerful enough on their own, but to offer one up in some kind of ritual amplifies it by a thousandfold. I think… I think Alastair is going to try to use this child to summon Death.”
“Well, welcome to life on earth,” Dean said, trying for a light tone. “Worse than heaven, better than hell. That’s our whole thing, right?”
He wasn't dreaming anymore, not of hell and not of Sam, but it didn’t matter, because as soon as he woke up, he was back in hell in his mind. All of his days were spent trying to get away.
“You made out with Cas, but not me?” Dean said, sounding only a little offended. “How was I not the token guy to make out with?”
“Hey, we can’t just take that weirdo’s word for it, right?” Dean said. “He was saying all kinds of crazy shit back there. Like, who’s Michael? What’s that about?”
I had mentioned a few chapters back that I was going to mostly stick to posting a chapter a day. As it turns out, god had a good laugh at that one and made my health issues(TM) rear their ugly heads, so never mind. However, I AM still trying to get these next 5 chapters out asap! I just don't want to half ass them :)
Sam was silent for a while. Dean was still too keyed up to care, blood coursing through his veins faster than usual. The audacity of Sam to believe that he could “help,” to believe that he could erase a hundred years with a simple talk -- Dean wanted to punch him in the face, but he couldn’t, because Sam was currently in northern California with a demon, a demon he trusted more than his own brother.
“I want to be with you, Dean,” Cas said. “I haven’t dated anyone seriously since I’ve known you not because I don’t want to date at all, but because I only want to date
“We have three hours before I have to get Jess from the airport,” Sam said. “Bobby, where is that star you said you had?”
But miraculously, Dean seemed to find it funny. He started laughing again, and Cas started laughing along with him. The tension was still there, but it had gotten friendlier.
Firstly, Castiel was up for tenure within the year. He didn’t know if he’d get it or not -- he had a strong publication record, but a few people in the department seemed to hate him, and while he’d mostly had success in recruiting and mentoring his grad students, a few had ended up quitting. But regardless of if he got tenure or not, this was essentially his last opportunity to move universities. Once his research program really got going, it would just not be feasible, so if he wanted to live in the same city as a certain person who he may have had unrequited feelings for for twenty years, this was his last chance to make that happen.
They drove mostly in silence for another hour, until they pulled into the town where Cas had found Gabriel. Dean got them checked into a motel, while Cas disappeared and reappeared with a large crate of “supplies,” which he set down in the middle of the room.
Well, Gabriel stuck us in the universe, so he can probably hear everything that happens in it, right? It seems like a shame to not make him as uncomfortable as possible, since we can't escape anyways.
“Was this plan made during your cute little sleepover?” Gabriel said. It wasn’t his custom to get up before midday, but clearly the opportunities to bother Castiel were making the early start worth it in his eyes.
Dean chuckled a little, shaking his head. “I don’t know, man, sometimes I think I should try to do the white picket fence thing, settle down, be more like Sam… but that’s just not me. Don’t want to saddle someone else with my crap, you know?”
Cas manhandled Dean carefully, so that he was lying on the bed with Cas hovering over him, seemingly reluctant to pull away even a little. Dean was happy with that arrangement, letting himself get absorbed in each little touch, each little nibble, the feel of a body on top of him. Like the last time, he was able to forget all the existential shit he’d been worrying about within approximately five seconds of touching Cas. It was a miracle, really, a gift the angel possessed that Dean had never quite seen before.
Cas mused, as Sam got up and walked away, leaving the door wide open behind him. Was that really such an option? He supposed it finally, kind of, was. He’d already experienced the rejection he’d been fearing for so long, so it was hard to imagine that anything else would be able to really hurt him.
It seemed that this question, more than anything else, finally began to convince Bobby that Dean was himself.
It was harder than usual to raise the blade to the soul now. Every time he did, Dean briefly imagined it was Castiel again, and then he was thinking about all that the angel had said, and wondering if it could possibly be true, if there was a way out. But hope didn’t live very long in hell, and good thing too, because Castiel had told Dean not to draw attention to himself, and nothing would be more suspicious than a broken man suddenly believing. So he stopped believing in Castiel, and when the angel did come back to him later, and then again, and again after that, he started and stopped believing in him every single time.
“Now, Cas,” Dean said, continuing to give gentle, teasing licks up and down Cas’s length, “You’ve gotten lucky. I’m pretty good at this, so you just go crazy, all right?”
“I gave everything to you,” Cas snarled. With another push, they were in a green valley, waterfalls visible in every direction and perfectly snow-capped mountains in the distance. Dean’s gaze flitted frantically back and forth, trying to pinpoint their location but also entirely unable to look away from Castiel’s burning eyes for longer than a millisecond.
“We believe the demons Azazel, Lilith, and Alastair were most instrumental in bringing this about,” Cas said. “They are Lucifer’s most devoted followers. I don't know about the rest.”
“You know,” Sam said, clearly gearing up for a whole thing, “the rest of us have known for a long time that you and Dean have a very, uh, profound, bond. I never fully understood it myself, though I can see it. But I guess that I assumed that because of whatever it is going on between you two, Dean was able to communicate his feelings to you. Especially since he’s not a twenty-five year old anymore.”
had apparently been practicing law for like, one day, because they forgot two key things. One, a nearly identical invention was reported the previous year, by researchers at another university. In fact, these researchers had worked closely with my clients in the past, so there was truly no excuse for the oversight. Two--”
“I don’t want to sit here and expose all his inner emotions,” Sam said. “Especially because I’m only guessing at a lot of them. But I think you don’t realize how much Dean feels he has to lose in you.”
Cas was clearly not kidding around, however, as he immediately resumed blowing Dean’s mind. Dean was embarrassingly quick to finish -- something about knowing that Cas had never done this before, combined with his display of power, managed to push buttons Dean hadn’t even realized he had. He spilled his load into Cas’s waiting mouth, almost more aroused by the situation than anything else.
“Yeah?” Dean said, laughing a little. He steered Cas towards the bed, and felt grateful that they’d gotten a room with one big bed (Cas had claimed he wouldn’t be sleeping). Cas let Dean fall on top of him and press their lips back together, gentler this time, trying to show the angel that he had some technique beyond a desperate exchange of saliva. Cas matched his gentler pace, his hands wandering as if in attempt to touch Dean in every place possible. Dean indulged the urge, sitting back and pulling off his shirt.
“You’re good at this, Cas,” Dean said, hooking a leg around his back and grinding up into him. “A natural.”
Well, he’d see it more as breaking his chain to Lucifer and restoring the world to its natural order, but, yeah, it should accomplish the same thing. Really, raising Death could be Lucifer’s greatest mistake. Could actually lead to his downfall, if you take advantage of it.
“I told you. A hunt in Tennessee,” Dean said. He lost hold of the knife, and it skimmed his leg, drawing blood. He barely felt it. “And after that I promised Cas I’d help him with something.”
“I’ll let you get changed,” Cas said, forcing his face into an awkward smile. It didn’t seem to fool Dean.
The collection of ornaments that they had to work with was a lovely combination of ancient, barely-together pieces from Bobby’s attic, simpler ones Sam had picked up from the store the prior day, and novelty ornaments Gabriel had snuck in somehow.
Castiel had gotten out in only a year when he’d been down in hell with Dean for at least five, but the angel fended it off by asking his own question first.
“He’s emotionally intelligent, but that doesn’t mean he isn’t still scared of some things,” Sam continued. “Like you.”
“Does being drunk feel the same as being sober, except you’re sitting in an uncomfortable chair?” Cas asked, squinting thoughtfully.
And then he saw hell, the real hell, the one he remembered, and he saw himself back at the racks, torturing scores and scores of angels, angels who still clearly hadn’t fallen but were somehow cowed and powerless, getting carved into by some future version of Dean, a version who was cackling maniacally as he sliced and burned. As he laughed, his eyes changed color -- not to black, but to the golden yellow color of Azazel’s eyes. Alastair was watching in the shadows, flushed with an egregious amount of pride. He was free to indulge in the sin, after all -- his side had won, and Dean had turned.
“No,” Cas said, turning around and coming to sit heavily beside Dean. “I worry that Gabriel was telling the truth about God being elsewhere entirely.”
“Demonic plans, like what Ruby has been talking about,” Sam prodded. “Me and her, and now Dean, have been trying to stamp out all the unusual activity we’ve been noticing.”
“Okay,” Cas said, once the door closed. “Should we do this?” He was swaying absently, and there was almost no light in the closet. It made the whole situation seem more illicit, and more inviting at the same time. Cas began to feel a little freer than usual. Who would know, or care, if he kissed this random, attractive friend of his, anyways?
“Nah,” Dean said, looking right back. “It’s just… I guess I’m used to being the one saying that line.”
If there was a time to act, it was now. Dean didn’t have a watch, but it had to be nearly midnight, and Sam was still nowhere to be found.
Cas pulled at Dean's arm and forced him to turn so that they were standing alarmingly close. He was still looking at him with that
Cas didn’t need to hear another word of encouragement to take shelter from the cold, and bustled in with all the bags crammed on his arms. He rushed up to his and Dean’s room, hiding the bags from prying eyes as best as he could, and dumped them unceremoniously on the ground. He collapsed on the bed, eyes shutting, but didn’t lie there for more than five minutes before Jo was sent to collect him.
What would John say about how Dean looked now? His upper body was covered with tattoos, his hair was growing longer, he had started wearing his protective charms around his neck again. John had teased him about them so mercilessly, claiming they looked like girly jewelry, that Dean had stopped wearing them and forgotten about them for years until, freshly back from hell, he’d found them tangled up in the back of the glovebox.
“Well,” Dean said, looking off at the snowbanks in the distance. “I guess you want to know what happened in there.”
“Lack of faith? Yeah, I can relate,” Dean said, reaching out to clap the angel on the shoulder. He looked up at the contact, meeting Dean’s eyes with an intensity that seemed unnecessary for the situation. “Sorry, man.”
At first, Bobby sent them out on the same types of basic demonic cases, but as hunters across the country began stepping up to help, and Alastair became more of a concern, they came to the agreement that finding Alastair’s new vessel had to be top priority for the Winchester brothers. There was alarming radio silence from him for around a month, during which Sam and Dean did everything they could to pick up his trail, and to track down a weapon that could kill him. Ruby was certain that Sam was strong enough to kill him, now, but Dean wanted a backup plan. He was in favor of trying to track down the Colt, which had last been seen in hell but could, hypothetically, make its way back to earth.
The man sighed, and looked to be thinking about something. He muttered something under his breath, something that sounded a bit like
“Are you sorry for the first, second, third, fourth, or fifth punch?” Besides a bruise on the side of his cheek, Gabriel luckily didn’t look too much worse for the wear. Cas supposed that being drunk had made his hits fall a little flatter than usual.
to be on Lucifer’s side, you know. Lucifer’s got him chained for now, but if you can track Death down, you might find that he’s more sympathetic than you think. He despises these earthly squabbles, considers them beneath him.
Castiel sighed. “Stand back,” he said. He stretched out his arms and began glowing, that same blue color as his eyes had been before, and in an instant, the body the demon had created was gone, and a massive, skyscraper-sized glowing…
“Hasn’t checked back in in hours,” Sam said. “Definitely concerning, but I figure we should deal with this first, right?”
MICHAEL approaches Dean from a distance, still in the attractive blonde vessel, though he now has several burn marks up and down his arms.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE, GABRIEL? WHY DID YOU PUT ME IN THIS STRANGE BODY? SHE CANNOT CONTAIN ME FOR LONG. I DO NOT CARE FOR THIS FARCE.
”), and were back at Bobby’s before noon. To Dean’s chagrin, this was not late enough in the day for it to be feasible that they needed to get back to gift shopping right away, so they got roped into an hour-long affair in which at least five tree locations were tested, and a series of wires to straighten the crook in the top were attempted and quickly abandoned.
Castiel retrieved his pajama pants and old t-shirt before closing the door to the abomination. He changed awkwardly before sheepishly going to knock on Dean’s door (it wasn’t worth it to yell at Gabriel at this hour).
Cas lit a match over the bowl and set it aflame, chanting in a language that Dean couldn’t possibly hope to understand. The long-since burned out lightbulbs above them exploded in tandem, but nothing else happened.
“That was really cute, Dean,” Alastair said with a giggle. He pressed the blade harder, cutting off the oxygen to Dean’s brain. He wondered where he’d go when he died, again. Presumably back to hell, where he would get to enjoy another century of Alastair being a pain in his ass.
Eye contact was finally broken as Cas looked Dean up and down. “Ah,” he said. He genuinely hadn’t noticed.
Sam opened his mouth as if to argue more, but closed it uselessly as he saw that Ruby was already gone. He turned to give Dean a once over.
They didn’t discuss the fight again. Castiel had been right, anyways -- there were so many cases to take that Bobby couldn’t keep up, calling them before they’d even wrapped up a single case, and often sending them each off on different cases. Between the caseload and the continuing nightmares about hell, Dean didn’t feel a moment of rest for the next month.
“I don’t really want to kill you, Dean, you understand,” Alastair said. “You could have turned into something beautiful… but it’s my orders. So we may as well have some fun with this.”
Dean got out of bed to find the lube and condoms he had long since hidden away. He put them on the bedside table and laid down on top of Cas, kissing him deeply in an attempt to help him calm down.
“And Lucifer wants to bring hell to earth,” Dean said. “No one wants to just leave earth as it is. I got it.
“Uh, Smith motel, off the I-75 in Georgia,” Dean said, and no sooner had he finished his sentence then Cas appeared, alarmingly close to him.
Cas raised an eyebrow at that, wondering how Gabriel had been bribed into doing anything that could be described as “helping.” He followed Gabriel up the stairs, afraid of what he might be walking into, but before he could say anything, Gabriel spinned and steered him into a linen closet with a little more force than was probably required.
“Oh, Jo and Gabriel are helping too, so it’s actually six people,” Charlie said. “Bobby, not so much, but you can’t really blame him. He’s such a hoarder, I think this whole process is causing him physical pain.”
“Say yes to Michael,” Zachariah said. “Just as Sam is Lucifer’s true vessel, so too are you Michael’s. We had worried that the forces of hell had damaged you too greatly to be a true vessel, but Michael says otherwise. For some reason, he appears partial to you, even despite your recent, er,
Lots of shit happened that caused the massive delay but to make a long story short my hands don't work right :/ hard to type without working hands lol, but I had to work around it and finish this
“I get that,” Dean said. “But you made it sound like the angels had some sort of plan, right? What happened to the plan?”
“You remember how much our father likes humans, don’t you, brother?” Gabriel said, with vicious glee. “Is that why you’re hanging around this one? You hope his
But after that first, slightly antagonistic conversation, Dean had started being a little nicer to the archangel. Whenever Michael showed up, Dean either politely ignored him, or tried his hardest to get Michael off track, so they could talk about something besides the big “yes.” The truth was, it wasn’t horrible to have the company, and he was starting to believe that Michael
“I can’t believe you were rude to an angel,” Sam said. “Shouldn’t we try not to provoke it? Do you think it’s angry at you?”
“Maybe they hid her body here?” Sam said, entering the trailer and picking his way through the rubble.
“Not yet,” Dean said. “Cas did say something about me being the 'righteous man', but that’s all I know. I think that's all he knows, too.”
“BE CAREFUL, DEAN WINCHESTER” Michael said, his deep voice cutting straight through Dean’s bones. “I CAN PROTECT YOU FROM MOST THINGS, BUT I CANNOT PROTECT YOU FROM MY BROTHER.”
“I won’t let Sam say yes,” Dean said. “Lucifer needs him to say yes, right? Because Lucifer is an angel?”
“Here, you hold the trash bag,” Charlie said, offering it to him. “We can be more efficient if we just shovel crap into here at a more rapid pace.”
right from the moment he’d climbed out of the grave. Part of him wanted to tell Castiel to fly him to wherever Sam was, immediately. But that part of Dean had been so long dormant that he didn’t believe he could really do it anymore. How could he possibly put on a happy face for someone who (if memory served) knew him so well? How could he act like he hadn’t spent a century in hell? How could he protect someone else when he no longer was interested in protecting himself?
Dean glanced frantically around, looking for something, anything that could help. He’d been counting on the Antichrist still being alive, but it seemed that the other hostages wouldn’t be very helpful -- there was a barely-corporeal reaper, a demon, an assortment of monsters. And Sam hadn’t made his move yet.
know how to have fun, right? I know you’re an angel, but you’ve let loose once or twice in your life, right? You’ve been alive a fucking millennium.”
“You’re not staying there, Dean,” Cas said, and Dean shivered at the intensity of his expression. “I'll make a deal to free you when it's done.”
Michael rumbled pleasedly. The air around them tightened, so tight that Dean could practically feel each molecule converging in on him, making his body feel uncomfortably small. It was about to happen, Dean knew, and it seemed that all his blood and bones and muscles knew too, as his arms stretched out involuntarily and his spine straightened. There was a high-pitched sound, as if a field of bugs were all screaming, and then Dean felt something barrel into him, and the sound abruptly disappeared.
“Listen,” he said. “Lover Boy and Charlie are cleaning out Charlie’s room as we speak. Your room is next on the list. I’ve been slowing their progress as much as possible so that you might be forced to sleep in the same room as Lover Boy, but I can only do so much. We need to up the ante here. Did you bring any of the sulfur-based chemicals that I requested?”
“Woah, hold up, I’m with Cas today,” Dean said. “We already had planned to go gift shopping together.”
It was futile to try to remember any more until the guy was dealt with, so Dean slammed the pen down and looked right at the guy. “Do I look like I have $1.40?”
With a final stop to pick up every vaguely Christmas-related alcoholic item in the local grocery store, they were finally headed out of the mall and back out to Bobby’s. Christmas music trickled cheerily through the speakers of Dean’s car (supposedly Sam’s doing, but Cas noticed that Dean hadn’t bothered to change the station) as they carefully navigated the icy roads. Judging from the clouds above and the weather reports, it was going to start snowing very soon, and Cas hoped to be home before then.
“Why do you look so much like Cas right now, anyways?” Dean asked, upending the last bottle of beer he had on hand and pouring half of it all over his face on accident. His tolerance was significantly lower now that he wasn’t really eating, he noticed.
here. We need to be helpful, or else Bobby Singer will chase you out of the house with a shotgun, again. Do you want to spend Christmas hiding in one of Bobby’s old cars, or was once enough?”
“Where is God?” Cas said determinately. “You have clearly been on earth for some time, and God isn’t in heaven, so he must be here as well. Where is he?”
” Cas snapped, grabbing his arm and pulling him back towards him. Dean was pressed against his chest now, somehow forced to look
“Take a vessel? That just fancy words for demonic possession?” Dean said, but deep down, he was already convinced that Castiel wasn’t lying, not about the angel thing at least. What else could that gigantic apparition have possibly been? Dean had been hunting for a long time, and living in hell for a longer time, and he’d still never seen anything like it.
“Alastair’s words to you made us almost certain,” Cas said. “Alluding to a new ruler of hell, coupled with Lilith’s death and the slew of omens, make us sure that it has come to pass.”
“I exist,” Cas said, voice tinged with a hint of dark humor. “Lucifer is an angel as well. If I exist, so should he.”
Dean was somewhat surprised, but did as he said, wondering if he was about to get his dick accidentally chomped off by an amateur. He quickly stopped wondering, as it became clear that Cas had somehow managed to pick up on all of Dean’s usual techniques already. He was replicating them all perfectly.
“Why don’t I start?” Cas said. “There were things I wanted to say to you, when I came here… things I never had the courage to say to you before…”
Jumping the car was another memory that returned to Dean almost as soon as he attempted it. Strangely, it was the experience of driving the car that first began to really, truly convince Dean that he might
“I like your style, Bobby,” Gabriel said with a grin, directing Dean to place the eggplant in another prominent location.
He clenched his jaw, trying to keep his face neutral and his mind calm, though in truth he had no idea how he would be talking his way out of this one.
“See, I don’t think they do,” Alastair said, grabbing his shirt and using it to pull Dean right up against his body. Before Dean could react, Alastair was shoving the blunt knife up under his ribcage with a force that should have been impossible, causing Dean to breathe in a painful, aborted gasp.
“Well,” Dean said, smiling a little at the thought of being able to hunt demons again, to inflict some of the damage onto the demons that they had inflicted onto him. Last time he’d been topside, he’d always felt like the underdog in any given demon fight -- but let them try to fuck with him now. “I guess we got a lot of work to do, then.”
Cas pulled his fingers out slowly and pushed himself up to a standing position, the muscles in his shoulders rippling as he did so. Carefully, as if he were still thinking about whether or not he’d indulge Dean’s request, he unbuttoned his slacks and pushed them down, maintaining eye contact the entire time. Dean inhaled in anticipation.
“I AM,” Michael responded. “YOU ARE MY EARTHLY FORM, AND I DO NOT INTEND TO FORCE YOU TO ACCEPT ME. YOU WILL DO SO WILLINGLY. YOU KNOW YOU WILL.”
The uncomfortably caved-in mattress and the dulcet tones of Bing Crosby coming from the downstairs speaker finally forced Castiel to wake up for real, after several hours of waking up and falling asleep again. Beside him, Dean was glaring towards the source of the sound. From the barely-there light coming from the window, Castiel deduced that it was still early.
Castiel was supposed to be one of the first to arrive at Bobby's place, but due to an unfortunate flooding incident caused by one of his second years, as well as an overly harsh reviewer comment on a paper he was trying to get published ASAP, he ended up arriving in South Dakota on the 22nd instead of the 19th. This three day margin should not have meant that Castiel arrived at what felt like an active crime scene, except for the fact that it did.
“Oh, phenomenal,” Dean said, snorting. “You’re telling me we could have stopped this, but now it’s too late and fucking
“But you don’t have a…” Castiel’s brow furrowed. Dean looked at him meaningfully. “Ah. A joke. I meant that the tattooer didn’t get everything exactly right. May I?”
putting his lips to Dean’s, uninterrupted this time, fully able to appreciate every little sensation, every tiny motion Dean made, every little caress. It had been years since Cas had last bothered to kiss someone, and he couldn’t believe he had forgotten how it felt, how effortless it was to pull another close to him, how it made him almost want to cry, not of sadness, but of relief. It occurred to him after a few moments that perhaps he thought he had forgotten how it felt because he had never quite felt
With a high-pitched noise not unlike the sound of nails on a chalkboard, the first figure put a still-glowing hand to the nearest demon's head and smote it, causing it to sink to the ground in a burnt-out husk. The figure turned so that Dean could get a better view, still burning so bright that he couldn’t see any distinguishing facial features. But what he could make out was the faint appearance of black wings, thrown into relief by the blue light coming from the center of the angel.
Doesn’t change my mind. I’m not saying yes to you, and Sammy's not saying yes to Lucifer. It ain't happening.
“I pray that you’re not, uh, ghosting me because you regret what happened the other night,” Dean continued. “Normally, I would respect that, you know, I’ve certainly done my fair share of disappearing on people myself, but the stakes are pretty high here… you know, for the world, for my brother, for me…”
There were also good moments, despite everything else. Dean occupied them hesitantly, knowing that the present version of himself fit into them like an incorrect puzzle piece, but never quite having the heart to point it out to anyone else. Like after their first hunt back together (a simple possession case, because Sam thought it was best for Dean to “ease back into it”), when Sam wordlessly got on the hood of the Impala after it was done and handed Dean a beer. Or the first time he made Sam laugh at something he did (Sam called it a “stupid prank”, but Dean had just been trying to leave his sandwich in a place he would be able to easily find it. So what if that place was the passenger seat of the Impala, where Sam sat unthinkingly and ruined his pants?).  The good moments, luckily, lead to more good moments, as Dean slowly re-learned how he was supposed to act around people who cared about him. He was able to pass as good-natured again. He was good at talking to people on cases, for the most part. Sam looked at him like he was a kicked puppy a little less.
Two black-clad demons cut into Sam’s arms at the same time, collecting the blood into two identical glass vials. Dean rushed forward on impulse, desperate to try to revive his brother, but three demons came from behind him to hold his arms back, leaving him flailing.
The demons not restraining Dean and Sam rushed around, pouring all the remaining ingredients into the large pot, which glowed and shook slightly. Alastair moved to stand in front of it, holding his hands up and chanting in a language that sounded older than time itself, his stolen face lit up by the bonfire in a pantomime of holiness. The demons around all sank to their knees in tandem as he said the last word, bowing deeply before the fire. There was a loud, sudden burst of lightning, and then nothing.
“He’s the last ingredient,” Alastair informed Dean. “We need his blood to summon Death, you see. Really very kind of you to bring him to us. I can always count on you, Dean-o.”
Call Dean a skeptic, but Cas didn’t sound very puzzled at all. He made a mental note to ask about it next time he spoke to Cas alone.
Catching his distorted reflection in the window, Dean suddenly felt the urge to change his face, change his hair, change his clothes -- change, change, change. He swallowed the urge and stormed out to deal with the demon ghosts instead.
Dean shook his head at Cas, but the angel appeared resolute. Dean was pretty sure he knew what Cas was planning to do, and it was arguably the worst plan of all.
“We would like to know that, as well,” Cas said. “The cause of death has been impossible to ascertain, but after investigation, we have a lead on who we believe did this.”
“Ugh, fine,” Gabriel said. “Castiel, I’m sorry for, quote, pushing you too far and not letting you work out your own problems in your own way, unquote. I should have, quote, given you space, unquote.”
“But why?” Sam said. “Why would he go to all that trouble when he could possess anyone he wants to?”
“How do you think I got us out of hell?” Cas said. “Time isn’t linear in the river, remember. I was retracting
“We can get some,” Dean said cheerfully. The more tasks away from the house, the happier Dean seemed to be. Cas knew that despite his incredibly social nature, he sometimes needed time away, and being much more reclusive than Dean, Cas was more than happy to indulge him.
Clearly seeing that Castiel might agree with him, Gabriel chuckled and gave him a reassuring pat of the shoulder. “You’ll have to make the move here, buddy, unless you’d like to be single and pining away until you die. And I suggest you make the move. Sounds a lot more fun.”
Dean waited to see if Sam was going to say anything else, but he just got up silently and went to the bathroom, leaving Dean alone with his thoughts. He supposed that since it was night, he should try to sleep, but he couldn’t imagine sleeping after hearing that
“Cas… you can’t,” Dean said. His chest was hurting, and his heart was screaming at him not to tell the truth, to let Cas believe that they could get out of this one intact, but he knew he couldn’t just pretend, not to the angel. “Death told me I can’t escape again.”
to swarm an army of demons, fight our way to Alastair, disarm him, and shoot him with his own weapon, all before midnight tomorrow, when the ritual is meant to take place?”
Dean found himself thinking of Ruby and wondering if that was actually the least insane thing Alastair had ever said.
“Of course,” Cas said in a dead tone. Dean privately hoped Cas never used that tone on him -- he wasn’t usually intimidated by the angel, but then again, Cas typically didn’t speak to him with such a lack of inflection.
“So what’s this plan, then?” Dean said. If the demons had some big plan, it couldn’t actually involve him, right? Maybe with all the fuss about the “plan,” they could conveniently skip past the part where Alastair and Dean knew each other.
It was almost funny, how quickly Dean’s thoughts turned dark once he was alone. He wasn’t sure where he was going, but he’d only been heading there for about an hour before he felt his grip on reality completely slip. His mind was back in hell.
OH, DEAN WINCHESTER, THERE IS SOMETHING YOU DO NOT KNOW. YOUR BROTHER HAS ALREADY SAID YES TO MY BROTHER. IT IS TOO LATE TO STOP HIM.
“Uh,” Gil said, looking at the larger-than-life handprint that was burned into Dean’s left shoulder.
HOLY SHIT if you are still here wanting to read this after I fully planned to finish this in January and took all the way until March.... just know that I FUCKING LOVE YOU and thanks for hanging in there
Giving up on the mind-power bullshit, Sam reached out and plunged the demon knife into Alastair’s chest. Once again, it barely had an effect, though Dean did feel the wall holding him shudder a bit.
One chapter left!!!!! Thanks to anyone still reading. I'm hoping to finish the next chapter soon, but it's sure to be a long one so it may be a week or so
“Absolutely,” Dean said. “You’re coming gift shopping with me, right? I’ll go insane if I have to be with the group all day. Before you got here it was even worse, if you can imagine.”
“No, but now I am. Get ready, kid. This is happening tomorrow. Your Christmas gift is your dear old brother getting you laid.”
“I’m not bored at all. What was the other key thing?” Cas called after her desperately. He got up to follow her, but found his way blocked by Sam.
“Really?” Cas said, leaning back to look Dean in the eyes. Dean noted with satisfaction that his pupils were dilated, and though he didn’t need oxygen, he was also panting slightly, perhaps on a forgotten human instinct.
“You know each other?” Cas said, looking back and forth between Gabriel and Dean with comical speed.
“YOU ARE PRAYING TO THE WRONG ANGEL,” a voice said, a voice so loud and deep that it echoed around Dean and seemed to be coming up from the floor, down from the ceiling, in from each of the darkened walls. Dean felt himself vibrating slightly, as if his body was recognizing the voice in a way that his mind couldn’t.
“Is it sex advice you’re after?” Gabriel said, looking between him and Dean with a waggle of his eyebrows. “Cause you could have just texted for that.”
“I will not say yes to Michael until I see my brother,” Dean said slowly. “Let me go. You have to let me go sometime, don’t you? Wouldn’t Michael be upset if you killed his true vessel?”
He distracted himself as best as he could by trying to get rid of his hangovers, sometimes even going so far as to make empty promises to himself that
to get drunk. He drove out to an open field instead, far from the suburbs or the town, and stood right in the middle of it. Though he couldn’t see Michael, he felt his presence, hovering around, waiting to touch down.
Why don't we move on to a happier topic, hmm? Michael will have his opportunity to change your mind later, during his Fantasy Suite date, but for now, why don’t we talk about Castiel?
“Go up a little,” Dean breathed, and the angel brushed his prostate, just barely, but enough to cause Dean to arch his back involuntarily just slightly. “That’s good.”
Cas, who had never once looked at Dean like he was a kicked puppy, visited occasionally, most often to point him in the direction of a relevant case. Usually, they were just simple demon cases. Once, he tried to convince Dean to leave a town that was about to be terrorized by the demon Samhain, but Dean refused to leave the town’s occupants to get smote along with the demon. Cas looked relieved by his decision. Sam, who was out with Ruby while Cas was in, was shocked and offended both that Dean didn’t bother to introduce him to the angel and that Dean had the nerve to talk back to
“Okay, I’ll keep it simple then,” Sam said. “You feel like you were rejected up there, right? Well I’m telling you, you weren’t.”
“Not a demon, I guess,” Bobby said, pulling out a silver knife. “You want to do this part the easy way, or the hard way?”
In the rearview mirror, Dean could still see bursts of light here and there, along with a white light that was building and building, seemingly coming from the ground itself. The impala was going as fast as it possibly could, and as Dean pressed the pedal to the metal, the speed inexplicably jumped even higher, just for a second.
“I should probably go,” Ruby said, one foot already back out the door. She had her gaze trained roughly on Cas’s hands, avoiding his eyes.
“But like I said,” Cas said. “The situation hasn’t arisen, so I suppose…” He took an audible breath, glancing down at Dean’s lips in an unmissable tic. “I suppose I don’t know for sure.”
“It didn’t sound like you were,” Sam said. Dean didn’t like the prying way he was looking at him, as if he was seeing all the feebly constructed lies falling down and wondering how they hadn’t fallen down so much sooner.
,” Dean said, shooting him a glare. “I was going to say pep talk. Don’t need one. I know what I am, and it’s fine.”
“Okay,” Cas said, continuing to fuck gently in and out with his finger and surging forwards to kiss Dean, tongue slipping possessively into his mouth. They carried on like that for a while, long enough that Cas seemed to forget his initial panic, and Dean lost all feelings of discomfort.
“Is that not amenable to you?” it said, looking wholly unconcerned by the knife at its throat. If Dean wasn’t mistaken, the creature seemed a little sad, but not in the way souls in hell usually were -- it looked as if its hope had only just been crushed, rather than been annihilated years prior.
“I’ve been hearing rumors of angelic activity,” he said, nodding. “The demons are apparently up to something big. Something big enough that the angels are finally walking the earth again. I haven’t met one yet, though. I didn’t believe it for a long time, but there are too many signs to ignore.”
Dean stood up blindly, and immediately fell onto a nearby object, vomiting uncontrollably. He pushed himself up again to see that he had just puked all over the impala, parked right where he had left it, as if nothing at all had happened.
Cas won the battle when they made it all the way into town without finding a decent tree to chop down, so they pulled into the local Christmas tree lot. Cas had been there many years prior, and remembered it as a very festive and well stocked place, but it was obvious that this year, they had come a little too late to get the best options. Dean quickly became enthusiastic about the mission anyways.
It was an idea, but a bad one. The clothes and the fake story behind them eventually made Dean so violently angry at the fictional Dan Smith, who didn’t have to care about anything besides himself, that he set the new clothes on fire as soon as he ripped them off his body. Maybe he didn’t have what it took to save the world, but he
Cut to a FLASHBACK SEQUENCE. Wide panning shot of Dean, looking thoughtful and standing beside his car, on a scenic desert road.
Dean was tempted to tease him more, but the angel just looked so at peace, lying on the bed with all his clothes still on and his hands perfectly clasped over his chest. Plus, Dean was tired as well -- the sleep had restored his body, but he still felt like his brain hadn’t had a rest in forever. It was easier to just roll back over and fall asleep again.
Cas bristled and looked ready to say something else, but a huge thunderclap came at that moment from right above the warehouse, inexplicably managing to break a huge hole in the roof. Gabriel laughed maniacally as rubble fell around him.
“You’re Castiel, right?” Sam said as soon as he saw him, approaching the angel with an expression of awe. “We’ve never met in person. It’s such an honor…”
“What?” Cas said, putting the empty pitcher down. He had downed the entire thing in less than ten seconds, by Dean’s count. “Why are you laughing?”
Without another word, she smoked out of the body. Dean watched her go, wondering if it was worth the effort to attempt to restrain her, but before he could decide, Sam was crushing him in a hug.
The creature sighed, and suddenly, Dean wasn’t standing by the rack anymore. Suddenly, he was standing in a lush forest, with huge, mossy tree trunks standing all around him and a little creek bubbling cheerfully a few steps away. The creature was there too, still in the borrowed body.
So his third option began to seem more and more inevitable. And it didn’t help that Michael had figured out a way to become semi-corporeal, appearing in the corner of Dean’s room at random times, smiling smugly. His form looked alarmingly like Cas’s, and his voice had stopped being at quite the intolerably loud decibel it had been before. Now he
“Well, that’s when they finally decided they needed to bring in the big guns,” Jess said. “Aka, me. I realized that the
Over his first few months of hunting with Sam again, Dean slowly came back to himself, or at least, enough to convince his brother that he was constantly improving. It had felt at first as though Dean was missing so many huge, key pieces of information about his past life that he would never be able to go back, but the longer he was on the road with his brother (and sometimes Bobby, and sometimes, unfortunately, Ruby), the more he started to feel as though he belonged again.
Charlie laughed nervously, clearly recalling the last time she’d been tricked into consuming one of Gabriel’s “cocktails”.
Castiel waited for Dean to take several deep breaths, turning his attention towards the ducks again. They had been creeping closer and closer to the angel, and now a few of them were at his feet, rubbing against them reverently in a suspiciously non-duck-like manner.
That's all there is, folks! A very happy holidays and a warm thank you to everyone who read this, hope you enjoyed it.
Gabriel’s old crush on Sam returning, and felt the familiar dread associated with any time Gabriel’s sex life became a topic of discussion.
“So,” Dean said, once they got back to the motel. He was feeling light and happy, as if nothing he could possibly say would be wrong. “You seriously haven’t had sex before?”
“I think we need to try something, at least,” Sam said. “We’re running out of time, and if they’re doing the ritual I found when I looked into it, it’s going to begin in a few minutes.”
SURELY YOU SEE NOW THAT YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN HELP ME DEFEAT LUCIFER AND END THIS NIGHTMARE. SEE HOW THIS FEEBLE BODY CRUMBLES.
I now have a ~posting schedule~ (also added to beginning notes)! Basically, I will be posting a chapter every day, with an extra day between 5/6 (already happened), 10/11, and 14/15. This is mostly because I like posting every day but 5, 10, and 15 are big chapters :)
“You’re not going to spontaneously combust if you drink alcohol, right?” Dean said, leaning in to say it quietly. “Like, you can enter this bar?”
“Though, I suppose, if I had a new superior who was due to come to town… well… that might be another story,” Alastair said, winking at Dean and heading casually towards Sam. Sam stiffened, as if only now realizing the gravity of the situation, and started trying to do his mind-control thing. He cleared his throat and stared Alastair in the eyes, holding his hand out and trembling with effort, but Alastair was completely unaffected.
After a quick lunch break, during which Gabriel treated Cas to a headache-inducing account of all the ways in which Sam had gotten finer with age and was now more eligible than ever, Dean was gesturing Cas out of the house with a false sense of urgency that probably fooled no one but Sam.
Dean could not possibly identify the exact moment he had first picked up the knife in hell, but he knew that Castiel had first found him a few years after.
“Oh, no, don’t worry, Cas,” Dean said. “We can just say it was a one night stand. No hurt feelings whatsoever.” He held out his hands in an appeasing gesture.
“Sexy Santa deserves to go front and center,” he loudly declared, hanging up the shirtless Santa in perhaps the most visible spot on the entire tree.
Dean held out his hand, letting Bobby draw a shallow cut on his palm. Bobby stared at the innocuous cut for a few moments.
The guy had been idly watching the ancient TV perched above the counter, and swung his gaze to look at Dean with a casual air that immediately turned to one of panic.
,” Dean said. “I wonder if this is why we hadn’t heard from him in so long. He must have been rebuilding Dad’s body. I mean, Cas rebuilt mine. It must be possible to reconstruct bodies, if you really want to.”
“We didn’t have a mistletoe,” Gabriel said innocently. “Don’t you think it would be wrong not to have a mistletoe?”
“You’ve never done this, have you?” Dean said, beginning to gently jack Cas through the thin fabric of his pants. “Never jacked off?”
“I don’t know where Sam is,” Dean finally said, forcing his eyes down. The tension in the air lessened immediately.
Dean leaned in again, and this time Cas climbed on top of Dean, his body moving of its own accord, wanting to be as near as possible to Dean, to melt into one being. Miraculously, Dean let him do it, touching him right back, leaning back into the nearby snowbank and making a gratuitous mess of things as snow got everywhere. The blanket got tangled around the both of them, hardly doing its job at keeping them warm. Eventually, that became a problem again.
“I would have liked having it in the gross-ass closet,” Cas said. “Or anywhere, really. The back of your car. The panic room. The pits of hell.”
“Hey,” Dean said, surging up to kiss him again. Cas kissed back enthusiastically, evidently enthusiastic to participate in something he now knew how to do. “Don’t be embarrassed. It’s hot.”
“Alastair’s topside?” Dean said quietly. He felt as though his stomach had suddenly dropped several thousand feet.
“I was thinking we’d start by getting some alcohol,” he said. “Maybe even Christmas themed alcohol. Throw Sam a bone.”
“Not a damn thing,” Dean said. For some reason, his instincts were screaming at him to omit as much of the truth as possible. “Except the angel finding me. And, uh, pulling me out.”
He spun Cas around so quickly that Cas almost lost his balance, kissing him with an extravagant dip that left them both teetering slowly towards the floor. They fell into an undignified pile, but Dean was unshaken, looking up at Gabriel with a challenge in his eyes.
“I see that have have wasted no time in sullying your vessel,” Castiel said, gesturing to the tattoos showing through on Dean’s wrists.
“Next time I’ll do better,” Cas said, rolling over into what seemed like a nap (“meditative prayer,” Cas would later clarify). Dean smiled at the idea, and realized only after he’d gone to the bathroom, washed off his face, and gotten back into bed and into the angel’s idle arms, that Cas had just
He spent the rest of the afternoon and most of the evening following Gabriel at a distance, straightening all the haphazard garlands he was draping in places where people would
Cas quickly steered them to a bookstore, where he was lucky to find a perfect gift for Sam almost immediately. The book on ancient Meso-American civilizations really couldn’t have been for anyone else.
And thirdly, for somewhat mysterious reasons, the Winchesters were planning a Christmas reunion of friends this year. The idea had been born the previous Christmas, when Dean had been alone in a random city, talking on the phone to Cas about how dumb it was that they were both alone, together, on this most festive day (Dean would never show it, but Castiel knew that he did actually try to celebrate Christmas every year, though not usually in the conventional way). Castiel had idly suggested getting together a group of everyone who didn’t have many blood relations anymore (a lot of their friends, sadly) to celebrate all together, and Dean had enthusiastically jumped on the idea. Castiel had watched throughout the year with mild surprise as various details kept coming together -- Bobby Singer said they could use his house, if they did all the cooking and cleaning, Charlie would be able to make it (her girlfriend’s family needed time to warm up to her), Jo could get time off from work, Gabriel, sadly, could make it… it really seemed to be happening.
Christmas Eve,” Jo said. “Nor do they wait until the 23rd to get the stupid tree in the first place.”
Dean had thought about his options a lot, between his drinking binges, whenever a few hours of coherent thoughts forced their way into his tired head. By his figuring, he could go to hell, voluntarily, and kill his father -- an inconceivable choice. Or, he could go to hell involuntarily, after a long life of trying to hide from the demons and the angels and the whole fucking apocalypse.
“That’s their plan A, as you called it,” Cas said. “Heaven has a Lucifer equivalent -- the archangel Michael. He is the hammer of heaven. They intend to use him against Lucifer, and squash his forces, and they do not care about the cost to the lives on earth. It’s like the Samhain problem, but multiplied a millionfold.”
“Hey, no it isn’t,” Dean said, reaching out to give Sam an amicable pat on the back. “Look at this nice creepy angel ornament we got here. Isn’t that soothing?”
“What side is that?” Dean asked. “I’m getting kind of confused. Lucifer wants to end the world, which is bad, but then it sort of seems as though Michael and Gabriel
They pulled up to the drive to see a concerned-looking Bobby Singer and a deeply frazzled Sam trying to hang up Christmas lights. Bobby was on the ground looking up as Sam tangled a large string of white lights atop a tall ladder.
The town ended up surviving, but Cas still seemed upset at how things had turned out. Dean pried a little, but Cas just shook him off and disappeared.
“Gabriel arrived last night,” Bobby said. From his deliberately neutral tone, Castiel inferred that Gabriel had not behaved himself at all in his absence. He tried to convey his apologies to Bobby through eye contact alone.
Cas ignored his arms and pressed a hand firmly on the center of his chest, and Dean felt a searing, cutting pain down the sides of his ribs. The sensation was gone in a second, and Dean lifted his shirt to see inked symbols he couldn’t recognize going down the sides of his torso. Cas offered the treatment to Sam as well, seemingly as a second thought, and Sam nodded without making eye contact.
“Yes, after forty years, I might be finally beginning to learn how to handle Gabriel,” Cas said, and immediately felt like he may have jinxed himself.
“I can see the future, Dean,” he said. “That’s what’s going to happen. Would you really rather become a prince of hell than say yes to Michael and usher in an age of paradise?”
Alfie looked mildly terrified at being addressed. When he realized that they actually expected him to respond, he said, “The crooked one is marked down.”
In life, Dean had been all over the country. Memories of what he’d seen had been gone for years, replaced by a series of much worse and more relevant ones, but here, now, breathing what seemed to be the actual air of the living, a loose series of memories slowly swam back to the surface. These types of trees, this grass, the flat, desolate land all around -- this could be any number of states, Dean knew.
As it got dark, the members of the party slowly peeled off to their respective rooms -- an exhausted Sam first, then Jo and Charlie, who were both slightly jetlagged, then Bobby, who took Gabriel down with him.
“Do we just go back to the largest cemetery?” Sam said at last. They were parked at the edge of the second-largest cemetery, where ten demons had been standing in a rough circle formation for the whole time they’d been watching. They weren’t moving at all, or doing anything that could tip them off as to what was happening.
“Probably shouldn’t,” Dean said. “Just picked up a case in Tennessee. Looks like some of those ghost-demons Cas was warning us about.”
Cas shook his head. “You knew that it was wrong to smite the town,” he said, turning to Dean with pleading eyes. “You were so sure. How?”
“I got it, Cas,” Dean breathed, pulling back to jack him quickly, as Cas appeared to be rapidly losing his rhythm.
“Hey,” he said, his voice deep with morning grogginess. “Didn’t you once tell me it was creepy to watch people sleep?”
“There it is again,” Sam said. “You said you were in hell for a hundred years before, but that makes no sense, Dean. It was ten months.”
“Oh,” Dean said. “I like both, as well.” Internally, he cringed at his awkward phrasing, but most of his mental power was still focused on the fact that he was suddenly standing very close to Cas, so close that he could feel the warmth emanating from his body.
“Insolent, as ever,” Zachariah muttered. “Perhaps after some time to stew, you’ll make the right decision. You’ll see that putting this off is nothing more than an absurd attempt at a power grab.”
“Ah-ah-ah,” Alastair said, pulling out the knife. “We’re friends, Sammy, and friends don't stab friends. You just haven’t accepted it yet. But… you will.”
I’m not so sure. Some of the angels are getting tired of the constant skirmishes, with no real results. Angels and demons are fighting all the time, at great cost to both sides, but nothing is getting accomplished. There was so much talk of a Lucifer and Michael fight, but some are losing faith that it will even result in a winner. Many believe the war will drag on forever. Some want an end to the war, even more than a victory for their side.
Dean assumed that Cas must know about the demonic activity -- it was probably what the “work” they had for him was supposed to be. He supposed he was at least qualified for the job, though one had to wonder why the angels had gone to the trouble of getting him out of hell when there were plenty of hunters still alive who were also qualified.
“I can’t believe you’re back,” he said in a rush. “I tried everything to get you back, you know, but nothing worked.”
The glowing mass retracted quickly, back into the human form from the rack. Castiel brushed at something on his shoulder as if nothing had happened.
“I need to find Sam,” Dean said after it became clear that Bobby wasn’t going to break the silence. “Do you know where Sam is?”
“Human blood is an archaic necessity for this type of spell,” Cas grumbled. “I do not approve of it.”
“Er,” Cas said, blushing and looking down. “When humans have sex… do they normally do it one time, or--”
“No, no, champ, you just stay right there,” Dean said, swinging himself back out of the booth. He ordered an entire bottle of the cheapest whiskey they had, and another pitcher of beer for himself.
CHEERS and APPLAUSE as the recap ends and transitions to the live segment, where Gabriel is already seated before a STUDIO AUDIENCE. Dean enters, avoiding eye contact with the audience, and sits across from Gabriel.
Sometimes, he lasted a little longer in his efforts to be “healthy” and stop "self-sabotaging.” On those days, he’d go to some random, cheap-looking food place, and force himself to eat at least two meals, trying to make up for all the food he usually couldn't eat due to his total lack of appetite. Or he’d get a motel room that paid by the hour, just for the opportunity to stand perfectly still under the lukewarm shower water and feel a sensation besides crushing doom. But he started steering away even from that after he accidentally caught a glimpse of himself in one of the gaudy bathroom mirrors and saw that a huge chunk of his hair had gone completely gray. He touched it idly as he examined his reflection, wondering when and how that had happened. Then his reflection began to make him nauseous, so he broke the mirror and left out the window.
He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror of the impala, and felt like he was going to throw up. How had he convinced Cas -- innocent, angelic Cas -- to have sex with him? Dean used to think of himself as an attractive person, but now he could only see the hellbound, battered soul within whenever he looked at himself. Once, there was a time when his one-night stands had tried to stick around, and he’d had to learn how to gracefully extract himself from them, but now everyone could surely see what Dean did. No one in their right mind would want to stick around. Just look at how quickly Cas had disappeared.
“Sam owes us so big for this,” Jo said, collapsing gracelessly to the floor. “This girl better be the freakin’ Queen of England, after all this effort.”
room has to be clean,” Dean muttered. “It’s not like she’s going to look into every room in this house. If we’re lucky, she’ll only be exposed to the bare minimum.”
One night, after Dean had just finished a case in rural Georgia, he received a distraction in the form of a phone call. He had been hovering unpleasantly on the edge of sleep for a few hours, so reached out quickly to answer with only mild annoyance.
“Think more weapon-based,” Dean said wisely. “Hey, wouldn’t it be funny if I got Jess this camping chair?”
When it got dark, Bobby revealed that he had at least been somewhat supportive of the cleaning efforts by presenting everyone with beer and burgers fresh off the grill. Everyone gathered tiredly around the now-shiny-clean dining room table. Cas made eye contact with Jo across the table and nodded hello -- apparently she had been here all along, but so deep into cleaning the basement that he hadn’t even noticed her. As they ate, Charlie and Dean entertained everyone with tales of the last time they had LARPed, when Dean was in Charlie’s city -- apparently Dean had taken a very public fall during a very key moment. Warm from the beer and the sudden company of so many friends after so many months spent alone in his one-bedroom apartment, Cas laughed along to the story, forgetting to notice when Gabriel mysteriously disappeared for a short while.
, he thought, as he walked silently through the party. It had certainly died down some during his time in the panic room, but there was still a lively population of people who were dancing and talking. Many of them were his friends, friends he still wanted to talk to and catch up with, but he barely registered them at all, and they somehow seemed to barely register him. It was as though he was walking in a bubble, where the sounds and smells and lights of the party were muted and his mission was the only thing he could really see clearly.
to kiss. All the other times, it had been more of an experiment, or a way to be polite in the face of another’s advances, but now, Cas was initiating, and deep in the recesses of his brain, he had to wonder where this was coming from. Had he wanted to kiss Dean for a long time? What was it about this closet that made him want to kiss Dean?
“Dean-o,” Alastair said, in his father’s pleasantly deep voice, as casually as if Dean had just gotten home from school to find him back from a hunt. “He used to call you that, didn’t he? How adorable.”
Why is this so hard for you, buddy? You got all these supernatural beings fighting over you, and all you have to do is pick one. Just end it, already. Aren’t you tired of the act? I know I am.
“We should turn in, too,” Dean said. “Sam has a truly alarming amount of things planned for tomorrow.”
“I have no idea what Jo would want,” Cas said, suddenly overwhelmed by the idea of getting so many gifts. Incidentally, he’d already gotten Dean a gift, and Bobby as well since he was their host, but he hadn’t spent much time thinking of the others. He felt like an asshole for it now.
And then, just as Cas’s lips touched Dean’s, and he registered that Dean’s lips were about as soft and gentle as you might expect them to be, based on their appearance, and he started to wonder about other aspects of Dean, like what his hair would feel like in his hands and what his arms would feel like if he were in them, the door banged open.
“Hey,” Sam said, sounding as though he was only half-paying attention. “Me and Ruby are in northern California. We’re not really sure what we’re seeing, but we think we could use some backup. Got a whole army of demons, looks like.”
“You have to say yes to me,” Michael said, smiling kindly. “You can’t return to hell, Dean. You won’t survive the journey, and you will only suffer for attempting it.”
He felt a sudden, somewhat unexpected pang for their years as roommates in college, when they slept in the same room every night, and Cas got to fall asleep knowing Dean was right there almost every night (barring the times he’d be out drinking, or with some hookup). Young Castiel had been in tumultuous denial about his feelings for Dean for nearly their entire undergraduate careers, but Current Castiel almost envied his younger self now, for his certainty that once they graduated college, his feelings for Dean would either magically disappear or come to light, resolving him of his Dean problem forever. To think he had once thought that Dean would just be a college-person in his life, one to think back on decades later but not one who would always occupy his thoughts so totally and completely. But embarrassingly, Dean had managed to become a life-person, while still not actually becoming
“Wow, sounds like you guys were crazy back in college,” Gabriel said, a little too casually. “So, you all made out with each other? Including… Cas and Dean?”
someone he would feel any type of way about sleeping next to -- and was pleased when he managed to fall asleep quickly and with minimal yearning.
Dean was just about to attempt to pierce his own ear when he noticed that a strange, turtle-looking bald man had appeared across the table from him, smiling with his mouth closed in a twisted pantomime of kindness. The man’s gaze was trained on Dean, making it glaringly obvious that Dean wasn’t about to get out of this without Having A Conversation.
Gabriel glances quickly at Lucifer, then grabs Dean by the arm. The two disappear from the rose garden, and appear in a BROOM CLOSET.
They headed to the panic room, which looked much the same as always, except for the Christmas lights someone had strung up across the top. Gabriel swung the iron door shut behind them with alarming strength.
trip over them, knock over a candle, and start a small fire. His brother’s ability to place things in just the right spot to cause the maximal amount of chaos never ceased to amaze.
Vomit seeped over Dean’s left hand, covering his painted nails as if in a mocking rejection of everything rebellious Dean had ever tried to do.
Gil nodded and picked up the tattoo gun again. Lost in the soothing buzzing sounds, Dean wondered about the handprint. He had none of his hell scars anymore, or even any of his pre-hell scars, so the handprint was curious indeed. The one who had rebuilt his earth body had clearly wanted him to see it -- that much was obvious, though the reason
They worked mostly in silence, punctuated occasionally by Cas’s frustrations by the more oddly-shaped presents and Dean’s pride at some of the nicer looking bows.
“Sammy,” Dean whispered, dread running through his body and making him unable to breathe for a moment. “It’s him.”
“You can leave,” Sam said. “I just thought it would be best if you understood better what happened up there.”
So, should we take this reaction as a confirmation that Castiel is, indeed, a front runner in the race for your heart, despite the fact that he doesn’t offer any obvious means by which to save the world? Only promises to… “try to keep it the same”... God, how boring.
“You do,” Dean said, leaning to kiss his abdomen. The angel was toned and well-muscled, whether because Cas did a lot of physical activity or because his vessel had, Dean wasn’t sure.
“Why is there a ball happening in South Dakota?” Cas said. “The Hallmark movies with balls are usually in the rich, vaguely European countries. A ball makes no sense here.”
“On it, boss,” Dean said, rushing off downstairs. Cas wondered how he could be so chipper. It was only around eight in the morning, and Cas, for his part, was a little hungover.
“Unless,” Dean said, clearing his throat. “Unless, for some reason, you wanted to have a two night stand.”
“It was smart of you to lure him past the warding on the warehouse,” Cas reassured. “And it saved your life, in the end.”
“We don’t know what Alastair looks like now, right?” Dean said, fishing through the glovebox, where he knew there were some long-neglected binoculars. “He could be one of those guys.”
Cas let himself be dragged out of the motel room and onto the sparsely populated streets of the town. There wasn't much to see, but luckily, after a few minutes of walking, a mostly-empty bar appeared, run-down and with half its sign missing, but still unmistakably open.
“I’m just kind of tired,” Dean had been saying, over their fifth beers in as many hours. “It was fun to be traveling all the time at one point -- sure beat everything else -- but, I don’t know, man, I feel like I never see you guys anymore. Sammy’s got this whole life, you’ve got this whole life, our friends are all settled down…” He trailed off. Castiel didn’t know what to say -- for nearly the entire time he’d known Dean, being a pilot had been his ideal job, and it had seemed like he really enjoyed it. He had overcome his fear of flying with the kind of aggressive bravado Castiel had come to associate with him, not just becoming a pilot, but becoming one of the hardest-working, most popular, charismatic pilots the airline had ever seen. Cas had flown with him once, and hearing the entire cabin laughing at his jokes had been a marvel to behold -- but then, what about Dean wasn’t a marvel?
Dean glanced at Sam in alarm, wondering if he had heard the archangel as well, but he was passed out, head bobbing limply against his shoulder. He wanted to try to wake him, see if he could hear it too, but before he could even consider it, the presence was gone, abruptly as it had come.
Quick set of shots with Dean drinking beer with his brother, getting freed from heaven from Michael, being healed by Castiel.
“That sounds like a big problem,” Dean said. “I’m not really sure what you expect me to do about it, though. Or why you bothered to kidnap me to tell me this.”
remember hell, I don’t care what Random Demon Number Three said.” He felt a little bad about lying to Sam, but whenever he thought about trying to explain his memories of hell to Sam, his thoughts went red with panic. Nothing he could say would be eloquent enough to describe all that had happened while also not making Sam stop speaking to him. Nor could he say that Cas had told him to hunt Alastair, because that just led right back to that question of
The guy flailed, eyes casting towards the landline on the wall. Dean picked up a nearby stapler and used it to smash the phone, and the guy let out a small whimper.
Dean quickly brushed his teeth, splashed water onto his face, and gathered up his sparse belongings. “I’m ready,” he said.
“Rendezvous, now,” Sam said over the phone, sounding depressed. “I think I figured it out. I told Bobby what I know, he’s looking into my theory.”
“Hmm,” Dean said, deliberately ignoring the whispers. They abated immediately, but Dean had a feeling that if he tried to hear them again, they’d come back. “That’s tempting, but I’ll have to pass for now. There’s somewhere I need to be right now.”
Feeling embarrassed, Dean lapsed into silence again. He sat against the unyielding wall for a while longer, so much longer that he lost feeling in one of his legs, before trying again.
“What are you?” Dean said, still holding out the axe. It occurred to him that this was the first time he’d spoken aloud in years -- he found he didn’t need or want words to torment his victims.
Castiel had perhaps achieved the lowest rock bottom he’d ever hit in his life. Not only had he managed to get publicly and obviously rejected by Dean Winchester without even having the courage to speak his truth first, he’d also been deemed a worse problem than Gabriel, as evidenced by the fact that
“Okay, it’s like this,” Dean said. “I haven’t been able to figure out, since I got here, if this is real or not. Everything about it seems real, except for the fact that it
“Hey, Cas, I go on death missions all the time,” Dean said, forcing himself to ignore the damage to his car for now. “This is just another Thursday for me, all right?”
“Dean,” Cas said, a slightly glazed look in his eyes. “You’re so beautiful… body and soul.” He put a hand beneath Dean’s shoulder and flipped him easily, so that he was pressed firmly against the shitty motel mattress.
I've been shipping Dean/Cas since 2013 when I started watching Spn, but like a lot of people, had long since stopped keeping up until 15x18 aired. I'm glad I got this second opportunity to write Dean/Cas, since I was too scared to share any of my work back in 2013 :)
Sometimes, when Dean looked into Cas’s eyes for long enough, he swore he could see them swirling, swirling with the same blue light of the angel’s true form. Tonight, he could nearly see the tension in the angel’s eyes, as the moment lengthened. Dean licked his lips subconsciously.
“Oh, of course you did,” Bobby said, lowering his weapon only to pick up some water and throw it in Dean’s face.
“Douglas Firs have the best smell,” said Alfie, the sales associate that had immediately identified them as Two People Who Might Need Help and attached himself by Cas’s side. “But the Nobles tend to be taller.”
Dean and Castiel, should you choose to forgo your individual rooms, you may spend the night together in the "fantasy suite," where you can test your physical connection if you choose to.
“And interrogating them, yeah, pretty much,” Sam said. “We’ve noticed things are scaling up recently, though. Not just the usual possessions and murders. They’re getting creative.”
raise you from hell just to have you go back,” Cas said firmly. He moved closer and bent his head, making eye contact with Dean. Dean wasn’t sure what Cas was hoping to find in his eyes, but it had to be something, because he was looking at him hard.
“Great,” Dean said. “So we can do whatever we want, right? We should do something fun if we’re going on a death mission tomorrow. What do you want to do?”
a little distraction, and start drinking whiskey like it was a health drink that could cure him of all the ailments within. There was no alcohol in hell, after all, so he may as well get his fill while he could.
“Now you lie down,” Cas said, manhandling Dean onto the bed and enthusiastically pulling his pants down, freeing Dean’s somewhat forgotten cock. “It is customary to reciprocate, correct?”
It was already getting dark out. Where had the day gone? No way could Cas say his piece today. Admitting it allowed him to relax, just a little bit.
Dean slept a long, dreamless sleep, his first one in years and years. He woke up feeling pleasantly groggy -- at least, until he noticed that Cas was sitting on the bed next to him, watching him quietly. He snapped up into a sitting position, blinking rapidly.
“Oh, the truth comes out,” Sam said, bitchy tone audible even over the phone. “You can’t help me because all of a sudden Cas is more important.”
Cut to a shot of CASTIEL, walking through the Mediterranean garden, following a bumblebee, his trenchcoat flapping gently in the wind.
Luckily, he didn’t have to contemplate his limited options for long. A rustling at the lock told him that someone had come, either to rescue him or yell at him some more. Both options would at least distract him from the hellscape of negative thoughts raging in his brain. He groaned and pushed himself into a standing position, wondering if his full-body soreness was from the fight with Gabriel, the copious amounts of alcohol he’d drunk, or the sheer emotional damage of the evening.
“Siobhan Flannigan, this is the FBI,” Dean called. “We had a few questions relating to the disappearance of your son.”
” Dean said harshly, lighting his match and dropping it onto the ring of holy fire. Gabriel watched the ring of flames spring up around him with an expression of amusement.
“Cas!” Dean shouted, putting his hands on his knees and breathing hard. “You got your ears on, buddy?”
“Lay back,” Dean said again, sinking down to the other man’s waistline. He unbuttoned Cas’s slacks, maintaining eye contact the entire time, and pushed them down slightly. Cas kicked them all the way off, still eyeing Dean like he was both apprehensive and needy -- so, so needy. Dean palmed at him through his boxers for a moment, and then decided to cut the crap, freeing his dick from the boxers. Cas was larger than average, he noted, and had some girth to him.
“Seriously, does it hurt?” Dean said, crouching down. He was rewarded with a clumsily made snowball to the face.
“Is it not just demons being demons?” Dean said, feeling a compulsive need to try to lighten up the situation even though it was glaringly obvious that the situation was not light and could not possibly be.
“Hello, Dean Winchester,” Michael said, and Dean relaxed slightly. Although he sounded different, Dean still could have picked him out anywhere.
“Oh, you wouldn’t,” Dean said, turning Cas’s face towards his and leaning forwards to kiss him. To his relief, Cas kissed back immediately, leaning into Dean and reaching out to cradle his head in his nimble hands. If his enthusiasm was anything to go by, Dean had to assume that Cas had, in fact, been wanting to repeat the experiment for quite a while, which was interesting. Dean hadn’t thought it was possible for an angel to actually want to have sex with him, beyond that random fluke when they both thought they were about to die, and the realization that it might
Like everything else, the way to Bobby’s came back to Dean as he thought about it more. By the time he was pulling up to the lot, he’d become convinced that he must have gone to Bobby’s from every single direction in the continental U.S. -- how else could the random patch of road connecting rural Minnesota to South Dakota seem vaguely memorable to him? He knocked on the chipped door to the house, nervously reminding himself that this person had clearly been a friend, because why else did he feel so immediately familiar with all the sights and sounds around him?
“Yep, me,” the trickster said with a shit-eating grin. “Last time we spoke, I believe I was killing you repeatedly, isn’t that right, Dean-o?”
“Dean,” Cas finally said in a rough, quiet voice that Dean could feel in his bones. “Can I ask you a question?”
Once Sam had left to make the long drive to the airport Jess was flying in to, the mood got significantly calmer. They did have plans to have a genuine, formal Christmas Eve dinner later on, but with the designated “stressed person” gone, it seemed a lot easier to just put off the cooking and preparations for the afternoon. So everyone was relaxing in various positions around the living room, paying differing degrees of attention to a sappy Hallmark movie that Charlie had put on. It was nice and peaceful, until Gabriel forcibly removed Castiel from the room to "confer".
Dean stalked the aisles, shoving a bunch of water bottles into a tote, as well as some things he only remembered about once he saw them -- PopTarts, Coke, Milky Ways, Cheetos -- memories from another life. Eyeing a car outside that looked easy enough to jump, Dean headed for the door, then doubled back as if he’d only just forgotten something.
.  “High-powered demons rarely kill each other without reason,” he said slowly. “Of course we want the adversary dead, but we know they’re planning something, something significant enough that my kind has been ordered to walk the earth for the first time in centuries. But we don’t know
“Just give it a rest, Sammy,” Dean said, going to lie in the bed and turning away pointedly. Sam stood where he was for a few moments before realizing that Dean wasn’t going to move or say anything else. Dean heard him redress and leave the room, shutting the door heavily behind him.
“None of us are okay, Dean,” he finally said, tone devoid of any emotion. “I can’t fix any of it. And it appears that God can’t fix it either.”
“No,” Sam said, reaching out to try to stop her. “Castiel said he had something important to tell us, right, Castiel?”
seemed to be tracking some point Dean couldn’t for their entire journey out. “You saved me even though you knew I’d just end up there again?”
Dean strode towards him with purpose, not wanting this to last any longer than it had to, but Alastair raised a hand and froze him in place.
“Good,” Castiel said with a nod. “I hear that he has been attempting to bring about your return for quite some time now.”
Bobby approached slowly, as if ready to bolt at any moment. He touched the blistered skin with a careful finger, looking puzzled.
“That sounds like a problem I can deal with after I find my brother,” Dean said politely. “Would you be a dear and point me in his direction?”
Cas didn’t, but he nodded all the same. Was it wrong to enjoy this? Dean tied his tie quickly, with expert fingers, and met his eyes wordlessly. Cas had been planning to react in some way, but found himself familiarly unable to when faced with the full effect of Dean up close. Dean had certainly aged since they’d first met, fine lines forming around his eyes and his skin losing some of the freckles it had once had, but his eyes were the same as ever -- so green you could drown in them.
“You did wake me up at the crack of dawn for this,” Cas said. “This is not the time for quality work.”
“I can’t seem to remember,” Alastair said, gazing dramatically off into the distance as if he were trying to recall. “Maybe if you had all your little tools, you could try to force me to remember, huh, Dean? But you don’t. Sad. Wasn’t life so much better back in hell?”
“I guess this is the best we can do,” Sam said with a groan, after twenty more minutes of hanging, rearranging, and attempts at creative solutions had passed. “Thanks for all your help guys, seriously. I think we’ve made it look really nice in here.”
The ground next to the fire began to split in an alarmingly perfect crack. Dean broke free of the demons holding him to pull his brother back from the growing cavern. Alastair noticed Dean had broken free, and moved towards him, but was halted by a sudden disturbance in his ranks caused by a blue, glowing body crashing into the wall of cloaked demons. Dean turned to watch and saw two more following, causing the demons to fan out in confusion.
“How about this for Bobby?” Dean said, holding up a can of bear spray and giggling to himself. They had been doing this for a while -- seeing who could find the most absurd gift for the remaining people they needed gifts for.
Aww, you already have a cute nickname for him. Yes, Dean, Castiel is your third option. What do you have to say about that?
“What the--” Dean started. His eyes had fallen closed, but now they snapped open, to see a very angry Cas hovering above him. They were in an entirely different place than before -- a desert, it seemed, as the cool night air had been replaced by scorching hot air, and the terrain all around them was sandy red. Dean was pinned on his back, and the sand underneath him was so coarse that he could feel it through his clothes.
“Does Dean ever communicate his feelings to anyone, though?” Cas said bitterly, before realizing that this may not be the time to be complaining.
“Wow, Cas,” Dean said. “I mean, you too, but maybe we need to work on lightening up your dirty talk a little.”
The angel took a deep breath, and appeared to come down from his sudden rage just enough to carry on the conversation, his false smile returning.
“Ah,” Sam said, looking uncomfortable. “I’m sorry for not calling much, Bobby. I was pretty messed up.”
Dean rolled them over, pinning Cas beneath him and kissing him gently. Feeling the careful nudge of Cas’s lips on his, Dean felt like a live wire, closer and closer to going off with each soft touch. He shrugged clumsily out of his shirt and pants, feeling frustrated with any barrier between himself and the angel, and Cas did the same with his trench coat and jacket.
“Another thing,” Cas said. “Other angels are coming to earth already, and their numbers will only increase. I would advise you to be wary of any besides me.”
Dean forced himself to take a breath, noticing as he did that the air around him, for the first time in decades, smelled clean and fresh and
But then, something happened. One of the souls on the rack spoke to him, spoke in words beyond the pleading cries he was used to.
“Oh, I will,” Alastair said, with mocking friendliness. “I just need to tear apart your brother real quick, and then we’ll go our own ways. Well, for now.”
Bobby saved him from needing to reply by emerging from the study at that moment. “Sam here is a little panicked about getting the place ready for Jess,” he said, his tone making it clear that he thought very little of any girl who could possibly be put off by the way that the place currently looked.
“Find God is plan B?” Dean said. “I would have thought there would be at least one more plan before fucking
“Yep, got me there,” Dean said. “Hell is famously where bad things happen, so, yeah, I’m a little skeptical of anything claiming to be
“What’s Christmas without a little stress?” Charlie said cheerfully. It was easy for her to put on a happy face -- she was by far the worst cook, so was in charge of the salad, which would probably take ten minutes, max, to put together. By contrast, Dean was in charge of the meat, which was a big enough job that Castiel had been assigned to be his assistant.
“Okay, I don’t want to die a virgin,” Cas said, looking at him determinately. “But you should know. You are the only human I have ever been interested in having sex with.”
“Sometimes,” Sam said. “He’s changed, Cas, he really has. He’s not trying to be our dad anymore. He’s kind, and he cares about people, and he’s not afraid to show it. He has all these friends of his own… he doesn’t even really have a permanent address, you know, but he still has more friends than me. I didn’t give him enough credit for so long, but the truth is, he’s a very emotionally intelligent person.”
“You’d bother going all the way to hell to get me back, when you could just let me go now? You say you can track me, right? So why is it so bad that I want to go to my brother, if you can find me again?”
The rest of the day passed in a whirlwind. The main bedrooms had been made habitable, but that didn’t mean that the entire downstairs
“Perhaps,” Cas said. There was an awkward moment of silence, and then he disappeared with a soft flapping sound.
“Yes,” Cas said. “We have been trying to locate her for months, to no avail. Others in my garrison recovered her body last week.”
The producer tells Dean that they don’t air what happens in the fantasy suites, leaving it up to viewer imagination.
“I guess we’ll have to go that route, then,” Dean said. He insisted they pick up a few rolls of black ribbon to “balance it out,” then proudly paid for it, telling Cas he could get him back next year. First purchase done, they ventured back into the heart of the mall, getting jostled left and right by people in heavy coats with copious amounts of shopping bags.
“No,” Dean said, eyes still glued to the binoculars, where he was seeing something he had never expected to see again, something he’d both longed for and feared in equal measure. “Well, yes, Alastair, but… who he’s wearing.”
No, I don’t want Dean to turn into a demon, or say yes to Michael. I know him, and I know he won’t do either of those things, no matter how much a certain
The wind howled harder, chilling Dean to the bone, as the doors to the warehouse all flew open at the same time. The next time Dean blinked, a person had appeared. A somewhat familiar person.
They left the closet with only a minimal amount of dust on their clothes to show for it. Gabriel peeled off sullenly to terrorize someone else, leaving Cas to follow the sound of voices to the farthest bedroom door.
Dean nodded, and Castiel reached over to touch his arms, one at a time. Dean felt a slight pinch, and saw a couple lines move themselves around, and several of the wobblier lines straightened themselves out.
“That does sound like him,” Dean conceded, rubbing his arm. Cas had a tight grip. “So, you know where this douche is at?”
I’d certainly say that it does! Now, why don’t we jump right into the Fantasy Suites portion of this week, starting with our front-runner, Castiel?
“Probably better smell,” Dean said. “Bobby’s place hasn’t smelled good in decades. I know for a fact that Sam’s buying a metric shit-ton of candles, but they can only do so much.”
“Wait, what?” Dean said, making an effort to continue to pay attention to the road before him despite his very real urge to pull over and pay full attention to the conversation. “You knew about that and didn’t think it was important to tell me?”
“How many of the demons do you think know about this?” Sam asked. “Is this what they’ve been working towards this entire time? Even the minor ones?”
“God. Just stop it,” Dean said, holding a hand up. He looked hurt. Cas couldn’t imagine why. “Can I at least say something first?”
Everything about it was embarrassing -- Castiel knew that. They were too old for this type of thing, much too old, and he’d had plenty of opportunities over the years to just do it, to bite the bullet and confess, and he hadn’t. Dean hadn’t either, which was a detail Castiel considered notable.
“Very cute that you think those little tattoos you stole would work on me,” he said, raising his head and smiling coyly.
Dean cleared his throat and began banging on the coffin’s lid experimentally. He was almost surprised when it actually moved slightly -- another thing that would never have happened in hell. Where
“I’ve wanted to do that for so long,” Dean said, darting in for another quick, sloppy kiss. “And you’re trying to tell me that you have, too?”
GABRIEL (archangel, deeply powerful), walks slowly through the mansions's Mediterranean garden, addressing an adoring audience. This is the second-last week of DEAN WINCHESTER (the Bachelor)’s journey to find love. Three contestants remain.
Castiel considered that, and had to admit Gabriel might be a little bit right. Dean did actively avoid ‘chick flick moments’ (and always called them that, no matter how many times Castiel tried to convince him that it was hypocritical for Dr. Sexy’s biggest fan to be condescending about films intended for a female audience), and hadn’t been in a serious relationship in years. When had he ever seen Dean make a first move on a man, anyways? With women he was very comfortable being flirtatious enough to make everyone else in the room mildly nauseous, but with men, he tended to, well… choke.
“Because I spent a century in hell and you’re fucking a demon?” Dean suggested. “We’re not exactly heaven’s favorite people.”
“Okay,” Sam finally said. “I think we should take some time apart from each other for a little bit.”
“I found Gabriel,” Cas said, apropos of nothing. “Two hours from here. We need to attempt to entrap him tomorrow, before he moves on.”
“Do you have a pen and paper?” Dean said. It took him a few tries to get the words out -- his voice wasn’t working completely right, probably because he hadn’t had a drink of water in around a century.
“Perfect,” Sam said, eyes brightening for the first time in weeks. “We get the Colt, we kill Alastair, then the ritual can’t happen and Alastair’s gone for good.”
They split up for the rest of the day, Sam interviewing people who had known Siobhan and Dean trying to narrow down sites where the ritual could take place. As he still had no idea what the ritual was, exactly, his was a nearly impossible task, but luckily, Sam had more luck.
“I don’t know,” Cas said with a sigh. “I'm not used to feeling such doubt, such lack of faith in my superiors. It is deeply disarming.”
“Um, who are you?” she said in a bratty tone. As she made eye contact with Dean, her true face showed through, and Dean recoiled.
“Hey Cas,” Dean said. “Not saying that I don’t know how to cook meat, because I do, and I don’t need a recipe or anything, but just in case, will you Google what the internal temperature of a prime rib is supposed to be?”
“Is this plan you speak of actually good?” Gabriel said. "Because I have some notes that might really add a
He picked a direction and started walking. Another memory was floating around in his head -- this one from his time in hell -- and he needed to write it down as soon as possible.
“It’s because of me,” Dean said. “He’s trying to fuck with me. He knew we would be here!” He put the binoculars down in alarm. “Wait, why did he know we would be here?”
Eventually, the cold drove them back in. Everyone else had turned in already, so they shucked off their outer clothes in the entryway, hoping that they wouldn’t wake everyone up. They snuck upstairs, trying to be quick about it. Dean kept complaining that he was cold, and Cas kept pointing out that he had been the one to faceplant into the snow, and Dean kept saying that he had faceplanted knowing that he had a warm bed to return to and Cas should really not worry so much about being quiet and worry more about letting Dean return to said warm bed, and Cas finally relented and raced Dean up the stairs and into their bedroom. Neither of them wondered if the biohazard Gabriel had released into Cas’s room the previous night had dissipated yet.
It had been days of a hazy, depressed, alcohol-infused bender, and Dean no longer knew exactly how long it had been since he’d snuck out of the fancy Chicago hotel, leaving behind a passed-out Castiel. Nor was he completely certain where he was anymore -- he didn’t really
“Then you’ll need a plane ticket to Boston,” Cas said. “I hope you’re not tired of needlessly extravagant parties, either, because my attendance at the university’s New Year’s party is allegedly required.”
. Castiel, his borrowed eyes so wide and pleading, seemed more sincere than anyone else he’d interacted with in his memory. Of course, it was still most likely that this was all a trap somehow, concrete-seeming evidence aside -- there was probably something about the whole situation that screamed “trap,” which Dean would look back on later and beat himself up for missing. But at that moment, it was hard to put too much stock into whatever that was.
Cas’s eyes softened just slightly, and they appeared and disappeared rapidly in an array of places -- an island in the middle of a lake, a McDonald’s where everything was written in a language Dean couldn’t recognize, a bustling, 10-lane road, a thick rainforest with trailing vines that whipped Dean in the face -- before landing in a deep, dark cave, so far back that Dean could only just see the spec of light that was the entrance in the distance.
“The Colt won’t do anything against so many demons,” Dean said. “We could die fighting, but even if we take Alastair down, who’s to say one of his cronies won’t finish the job?”
The guy nodded quickly. He seemed scared, but not terribly surprised, at the way the encounter was going.
“That’s very kind, Sam,” Cas said. Was Sam family-zoning him on Dean’s behalf? How did Sam know that Cas needed to be family-zoned? Hadn’t Cas been subtle about his true feelings? Well, perhaps not…
If Cas was honest with himself, he was just now realizing that he’d had a kind of half-baked idea of what Christmas day would be like, and it had involved sleeping in, lazily exchanging presents, and eating leftovers (ideally in bed) with a certain green-eyed friend of his. On such a day, it would have been so easy to find a random, quiet moment during which to get his confession out of the way in a minimally embarrassing way. But now he was recognizing the truth in Gabriel’s words -- Sam had made way too much of an effort on getting the house ready for a lazy Christmas to be in their future.
They decided to go back to Bobby’s to regroup, taking turns driving so they barely had to stop. Dean couldn’t sleep at all during his turns, so he headed straight to his unofficial room to collapse, once they finally arrived. But despite his exhaustion, he somehow still couldn’t keep his eyes closed. He tossed and turned for about an hour before a trenchcoated silhouette appeared in a blink by the window.
