“That’ll be easy, in that dress you’ll catch the eye of every fella in Brooklyn," Bucky stated, putting his arm out of Toni to grab.
nights.
“You look unbelievably beautiful, doll.” Steve whispered, his blue eyes darkening as he took in the sight of his future wife in a short, navy-blue silk robe. “I can’t believe you wanna marry me...”
“What’s in here?”
“Bucky..” She mumbled against his lips and just as she began to pull away, the door opened revealing a frantic Elisa and Daniel.
“I don’t know what you said, but I forgive you,” Toni whispered, placing a kiss on the taller man's cheek.
Toni awoke to the sound of two hushed voices talking over her.
_________________
“What the
“So...” Clint whispered. “I feel like we kinda interrupted something there…”
Countdown t-minus four hours till they were officially married, till Toni became Mrs. Steven Rogers.
They got back from the movie around five a clock. The pair made their way up the stairs to their apartment, but before they got to the door Toni stopped walking and leaned her arms against the railing - looking out over the under-developed city. Taking in every second this moment offered because before she knew it, it would be gone.
“Goodnight, James.”
Steve turned around, seeing Howard had made his way to his feet, a sickening smile on his lips.
“To Brooklyn, my new home” Toni toasted, raising her water cup in the air.
“Yeah, Stevie might not look like much, but I promise, he packs one hell of a punch.”
“I agree… So, no more handsome men touching you?” Steve whispered meekly, looking down at Toni, his full, blond eyelashes fluttering against his cheeks.
“Arc Reactor,” Toni told him in disbelief as she watched the younger man's hand gently caress the light in her chest.
“Those boys got so lucky,” he said, a smile on his lips. “Where on earth did they find a dame like you?”
“You alright, doll?” Steve asked, wrapping his arms around her waist from behind. Pressing his body flush to hers, as he tucked his face into her neck.
Rolling out of the bed, Natasha groaned: “Yes, Steve. You may have your fiancée back. You two are disgusting, I’m gonna go snuggle with my girlfriend.” Steve ran past the retreating Natasha and dove onto the bed, laying his body right over the top of Toni's.
“Why, Stark, you certainly feel like you’ve been having a great time here with your much smaller fiancé. Why in such a hurry?”
-erve it.”
Steve Rogers had a power over Toni Stark that no one else could match. It was like his blue eyes could put a trance on the brunette, his stare would stop her in her tracks and send shivers up her spine. Steve could make her feel meek and powerful all at the same time. His strong arms wrapped around her waist made her feel as if she was in the safest place on earth. Steve always made her feel as if they were the only people in this whole world.
“Good day ma’am,” The man named Daniel spoke. “And whom might you be?” An honest smile showed on his face.
“Sure, what’s up?” Toni answered.
“You’re so beautiful, of course he wasn’t.” Toni softly shook her, her lips quivering as Sarah smiled at her. “Gorgeous. He picked a perfect woman.”
“Yeah, yeah the one place I don’t want you to be a gentleman”
“Did you miss me?” Toni asked with a chuckle as her lips met the super soldiers.
“Hey! Don’t you speak to her that way.” Joseph shouted, catching the whole room off guard. “She’s a lady, you will speak to her with respect. Do you understand, son?”
“Okay, you visited, now go," Clint replied.
“Everything alright in here?” He asked softly, running his eyes up and down Toni’s body scanning for any injuries he might have missed.
“Genius smart.”
“Lovely,” Toni muttered, her lips brushing against the zipper of Steve’s black jeans.
This is the last chapter of this installment. I have absolutely adored sharing this story with y'all. I hope you enjoy the last chapter of this particular journey of Steve and Toni's.
“And I can’t believe you’re drinking that,” Toni muttered, her red lips curling up in disgust.
“‘hy ya leavin’ me, doll?”
“Why am I not surprised?” Howard spit, as his eyes ran across the ‘Rogers’ sweatshirt that covered Toni’s body. Steve watched as the blood dribbled down his chin and he spit half a tooth on the floor.
“And why is that?” Toni asked, trying to face her fellow genius.
There was a minute or two of comfortable silence before Steve got the nerve he’d been building up for the past three years.
“I still don’t get the fascination with the white roses,” Bucky muttered.
“I want kids...” Toni raised an eyebrow as the blond kissed her hip bones. “One day. Not now! Please, don’t freak out.” A laugh fell off the brunette's lips as she took in the panicked look in his blue eyes.
“And who taught you what that meant?” Toni asked as a laugh escaped her lips.
“You didn’t have to say that,” Clint muttered. Steve caught the soda can with ease and sat it down on the kitchen table.
Toni’s right eyebrow rose in wonder, as a small smile grew on her lips.
The bigger mans smiled as he felt Toni shiver at the heat of his whisper, and he smiled even brighter when she pulled out of his embrace and said:
“Rude!” The archer shouted, turning his body, to lay his feet into Toni’s lap. Toni rolled her eyes as purple socked feet laid down on her thighs, and she turned her attention to Natasha.
Toni loved getting to know Daniel, and he loved learning a bit about mechanics and repairing.
“Toni, you’re alright. You can use whatever you need,” Steve told her, stopping the brunette mid-rant. “We don’t have much, but if ya want it - it’s yours.”
Bucky nodded his head in agreement and said, “I agree with older me, that’s much better.”
Toni smiled as the redheads snuggled up together on the couch, wrapped in each other's arms. They were such a sickening sweet couple it rivaled Steve and Toni; also, just as deadly. They were the two women Toni looked up too and loved with her whole heart.
“Yep, older Bucky calls me your ‘right-hand dame’ though.”
Steve looked down at the screen in his hands, his jaw dropping slightly as he took in the sight of his mother and father on the screen. Toni watched as his blue eyes softened, and his eyebrows furrowed making the soldier look like a sad little kid.
“That’s...
“Yes, yes ma’am! Have a good time, I’ll be here when ya come out,” he told Toni as Steve helped her out of the cab.
“Oh no,
Steve, of course, had thought about Toni like that, after realizing just how head over heels in love with her way. It only became more common for his mind to follow the rabbit trails that were his dirty thoughts.
“Well, let’s not waste her time. What is it you would like her to work on?”
But Parker was nowhere to be found, as the phone continued to ring and ring and
“Oooh, “Clint whispered as he turned his attention to Bucky. “ASL for me, Russian and Spanish for Nat. That’s three.”
“Now, we dance.”
“Let’s go,” Toni muttered, closing the leather-bound book in her hands.
“You don’t need to tell us that,” Natasha chuckled as Clint finished zipping up her black dress.
“You damn right, because if I have to listen to Steve Rogers whine about not being married to you yet, I’m gonna kill us all.”
“Good, good. Ya deserve ‘hat.”
But, little did the blond man know that Toni was planning a date night for when she got back home. That involved a thirty’s style dress and an apron.
“So, can anyone just fuck in the castle?” Bucky asked, setting his elbows onto his knees as he rested his face into his hands. His curiosity grew with every word the god spoke.
“I saw you naked.” Toni let out a groan, as she buried her face into Steve’s back.
Steve and Toni finally adjust to their life back in the present, opening up to the other in a way they never have before. Fears, feelings and broken pieces laid out bare for the other to see, to love and stitch back together.
She was standing in their living room, her eyes wide in shock as she took in the most beautiful painting she’d ever seen on her walls.
“Injury on one of the mills, they sent everyone home. But, we still get paid, so it’s alright," Bucky told him as they hit the second landing and followed the hallway down to apartment 2D.
“Roses... They’re my favorite flower.”
Toni breathed, throwing her head back into the shelf at the bigger man's subtle thrust of his hips.
“You told me, ‘Water Lilies’ by Monet was your favorite. While I’m no Monet I wanted to give you your own version of it.” Steve pointed to the painting. “So, here ya go, ‘White Roses’ by Steve Rogers.”
“Yes, of course.” Steve slowly nodded his head. “Thank you, Miss Stark, I... I appreciate it.”
“Toni?” Daniel asked as he opened his front door.
“That’s bullshit!” Toni protested.
“Toni, meet seventeen-year-old Barnes, Wilson, Barton, and Rogers,” Fury said, patting her on her shoulder. “You’re in charge of Rogers and Barnes, Natasha has Wilson and Barton. Good fucking luck!” and with that Fury took her empty spot in the elevator.
“I knew it. Thank you... Knowing that he ends up with someone he really cares for... Thank you, that punk means a lot to me.”
” He growled. “You’re being fucking ridiculous.” He fumed, turning his back to her. Shoulders square and taut as he looked out over the skyline of the city.
“You alright?” Steve asked as his grip tightened around her waist.
“Positive,” the man said, taking his wife into his arms. “Get back to your girl, it’s colder out here tonight than normal.”
“Yeah, that’s very unsettling...” Steve muttered as he shook his head trying to get that image out of his mind.
“Toni!” She heard her impatient super-soldier.
“You did well yourself, Mr. Rogers.” Toni smiled before getting pulled into the god’s lap.
“Hey...
“You can go to your room!” Bucky replied.
“Sorry..” Toni whispered as she tucked her face into the bigger man's neck.
“I thought we were getting in bed?” Toni asked softly, wiping the tears off her face as she stared at the bigger man's chest and not his searing gaze that was staring down at her.
“I love you,” Toni mumbled against his lips.
“Steve. Natasha, Thor, Loki, Bucky and Sam are all looking at me.” She chuckled, watching the soldier pull her body taunt to his. Using his shield to block Toni’s ass from their eyes.
_____________________________________
“Bring it on, blondie,” Bucky said, standing to his feet as he read his card to see what he would be acting out next.
“This fucking place falls apart without Stark, I swear,” Coulson muttered walking away from the jammed printer. Leaving the big gray machine to whirr as the screen blinked
“I just wanna get married,” Toni whispered, looking at her dress in the floor length mirror.
“Antonia!” Edwin shouted, making her roll her eyes.
“You’re my brother, Buck.”
“Toni, Van Gogh is...Van Gogh!” He shouted, passion rising to his face as he began talking about art.
“Toni?” She heard Steve call out.
“Oh, disgusting!” Sam murmured, throwing his empty soda can at Steve’s chest.
Almost a way of saying, ‘I got this.’
Are you okay?!” He pulled the genius to her feet and began dusting off her clothes. “Are you alright, doll?” The soldier whispered, running his hands down her now sore backside as he placed a kiss on her lips.
“Wow, sounds like a wonderful time,” Toni replied dryly to the man.
“I’m glad you had a good time; the guys were missing you.”
“I mean, you’re not Tom Selleck. So, maybe a 9/10.”
“Fan war?” Happy asked, turning to Sam.
“Steve..”
He knew how to recover a file he accidentally deleted, to pull up his history, or how to save a PDF. He just loved it when he would look up from his desk, pull his black frames up his nose and flash that beautiful brunette a ‘please help me’ grin.
"Good girl, I'm proud of you." Was he really doing this right now? "I'd be prouder still if you were dancing." Apparently he was doing this. Mary really should have expected it, especially after calling him George for two weeks after they watched '
"It is Quarter to Eleven, Sir." Tony blinked a little. He'd been working a lot longer than he had thought. Hopping in the elevator, Tony let Jarvis take him to the right floor, stuffing the rag in his back pocket. The hallway to Mary's room was lit with a dim light, but he could see light spilling out from Mary's room itself. Gently pushing the door open, he peeked in to see that Mary was still awake, still sitting up in the bed, and there was a sleeping Peter against her chest. She waved him in.
Bruce brought up a screen, using the holographic controls to slide it over to Tony's screen and Coulson leaned in as well to look at it. While he wasn't sure what exactly he was looking at, Tony had an idea. "That doesn't look nearly as stable," he murmured out. "You used Steve's sample for this test?"
"Who do you think got my foot into the FBI?" Mary asked with a smirk. The two women were too much alike.
“And I’m going to leave this rest of this argument up to Bucky,” Tony cut him off. “I have an idea of what he’d say, supposing he remembers enough, and I want to be there to hear it.” He knocked on the apartment door before opening it and the two walking in. Jamie pat Steve’s chest a couple of times as they went into the living room, like she knew what was going to happen.
Mary walked forward and rapped a knuckle against the glass of the door softly, getting Steve's attention. She motioned that they needed to come out now, and he nodded a little. Steve leaned his head down, pressing his nose to Tony's hair, mouth by his ear, speaking to him. It took a little bit but Tony nodded minutely, and Steve was picking him up. Tony carefully arranged himself, pressing against Steve's chest and Mary saw his body shaking; most likely a mix of the cold, shock, and whatever emotions were wrecking their way through his body. Tony didn't tolerate many emotions well, treating them as a weakness. She was glad that he hadn't passed that particular ideology onto Peter, encouraging the boy to cry is he sad, or to talk to someone if he was feeling upset.
"It was definitely the spying, and the lying," Tony nodded. The door to Mary's room opened a little bit and Natasha turned, walking into the room to join Barton. Tony let out a huff through his nose and leaned against the wall.
Tires skid across the street as Steve pushed the bike to take off. He wobbled a little when he felt the bite of another bullet in the back of his shoulder, causing Wade’s hand to tighten in his shirt, but Steve quickly straightened up and was turning the corner, racing back from Manhattan.
"Is this what you call accountability?" She pulled out some pictures from her purse and Tony frowned. He took them, looking through them, Mary looking over at them. "It's a town called Gulmira. Heard of it?"
Steve made a noise of surprise, but his hand was already moving to slide through the short hair at the back of Tony's neck. "You just threw a painting on the floor," Steve panted when they finally pulled back to breathe.
"But did you actually Look at them? Just, trust me on this. Take a second look," she muttered. Tony looked at the songs again. "There's a damn theme, an Important one."
"I've got the suit, just worry about finding out what the hell is going on." He paused a little. "Mary, who's the Winter Soldier?"
"Extenuating circumstances," Steve claimed.
"Makes it hard to pull even an eight hour shift," she admitted. "Wade's really observant, too, about when I'm having a bad day." She smiled a little. "He's a smart kid, that boy of mine."
"Was looking forward to seeing my girls, too."
"Why are you going to need more room up there?" Steve asked, raising an eyebrow.
Steve bit his lip, looking at Romanoff as the jet took off. He had gotten word from Coulson that he would be being picked up, something else happening that would need his attention. "Where are we going?" He took off the cowl, letting it drop against his back.
"Because I don't trust you vultures, to be perfectly honest." He could feel Pepper's tiny frown on the back of his neck. "My son is young, not even in the double digits yet, and I'd like to keep him away from the cameras and reporters for as long as I can." Tony leaned his arms on the podium, putting his weight on them, appearing casual to everyone else. Tony knew that Peter would be watching this as well, everyone at the Manor would be. "You know what, from now on, I'm going to refer to him as Mini-Me, I like that," he nodded to himself. "Let me continue knocking out the obvious questions. No, I'm not married, nor am I dating. Yes, the mother is very much in the picture, and we jointly raise our son together. No, I will not be giving any names, or any other kind of personal information."
“Sometimes,” Pepper said with a soft grunt as she swung Tony’s arm around her shoulders, “he talks about giving you friends.” This was the first time that Pepper had actually attempted conversation with Vee. “Talks about training and evolving other Eevees. Says you need more friends than the robots. Thinks he needs to make up for leaving you alone so often.”
"Well, you were talking to my new boss, so I came here with government clearance." Tony raised an eyebrow at her answer. "I didn't tell you, I got a new job."
The ‘ding’ of a new message brought Tony’s eyes from his computer monitor, from his new coding project, to his phone. He grunted a little at the sender’s name then pushed himself up from his chair. Really, he had put this off for too long.
Steve closed his eyes for a second, then looked at Tony, letting out a soft sigh. "Alright, I'll do it. But if I look stupid doing it, it's all on you!"
. Steve knew that Mary was going to lose it soon. “Loki is with him.”
"We're back!" Tony called out, but it was Peter that greeted him first, running into the kitchen and throwing his arms around Steve's waist in a hug. Steve chuckled and picked him to plant little kisses on his cheeks.
"We're not defending him," Steve quickly said. "But that doesn't mean that he should be killed."
"Do it!" Cap's voice.
Anyway, enjoy more cuteness! Some of the lines were taken from the movie directly, (I'm watching it as I go), and that's all owned by Marvel, not by me.
“It almost became literal blood.”
“I’m thinking you’re starting to get to know me, Jarvis,” Steve responded. “Alright, so no contact unless it’s emergencies, or about the kids.” He went back to the bedroom, putting their bags under the bed, and heading back downstairs. He was a little relieved when he didn’t actually smell something trying to cook.
"That's your ride, get in it," Tony told her. He had already shaved five minutes off of his flight time. "Start driving, immediately, get to a busy road."
“You remember Peter’s birthday,” Steve countered.
Loki rolled his eyes, letting out a huff. “Your lover’s mind is being pulled in a different direction than his body is, and it could be catastrophic if this is not handled delicately. You could be left with a breathing husk of a body.” Steve’s body jerked and Loki lifted his hands again. “I said could. Honestly, Captain, wording Is everything. As is the application of magic. It’s a very sensitive thing, and I do believe that the Doctor will be able to handle it.”
Mary followed Fury out of the helicopter, the wheels barely touching down before the Director was already out. Agent Hill was waiting for them, suits and scientist moving quickly. Seemed a full evacuation was already in process.
“Loki is behind you,” she growled in retaliation, her and Barton repositioning their weapons, pointed towards his face too close for comfort.
Tony raised an eyebrow when he looked at Wade’s face. “Is that a bruise on your cheek, Wade?” He missed Mary shaking her head at him as Steve turned around to walk closer.
Steve glanced up at the woman across the hall. She was looking at Tony with a hard gaze. This must have been Mary's mother, the same one who had been yelling at him on the phone. He knew that the woman had been speaking out of grief for her daughter, but it seemed that she was still carrying around that anger towards Tony. While Steve wasn't Tony's biggest fan, he had seen what the man had done, how he had sacrificed himself to save everyone. It wasn't right for her to judge Tony as harshly as she was.
"He's a celebrity, and someone I never thought I would meet in my life," she told him. "Much less be friends with his boyfriend."
"We are," Bruce spoke up, and Tony smirked a little. This is why he and Bruce were best Science Bros. "The model's locked and we're sweeping for the signature no. When we get a hit, we'll have the location within half a mile."
"Yeah, Jarvis said that it's been almost fifty hours, and it's been almost ten hours since the last time you ate something." Jarvis was so getting his code re-written after this. "And you'll have to take a break to eat, and since that has to happen, maybe you could watch a movie with me. Down here, in your workshop that is. I know there's a couch in there."
Loki started to turn his body on the couch, and almost surprisingly Natasha was the first to fire off a shot from her gun. Loki’s image wavered and disappeared as the bullet passed through him. Tony jumped up from his spot, shooting a glare her way. He felt the air displaced behind him as Loki appeared again. “Dammit Romanoff!” Tony shouted. “There are children in this Tower, only a few floors away.”
"Stark!" Tony started to cackle when Mary's mother turned a light glare on him. Steve rolled his eyes fondly. Yeah, he was pretty happy right where he was.
Tony jumped a little when Bruce put a hand on his back, starting to gather him towards the main deck of the carrier. Tony let Bruce enter first, needing a minute to himself. He could hear Fury talking to Loki through the speakers, he wanted to analyze this without anyone else around.
Tony held up his phone and Steve took it. He frowned at the words, but Tony waved his hand. “I want to see if it works, give it to her.” Steve pursed his lips a little, then handed the phone over to Meg.
"I promise," Tony nodded, putting his phone back in his pocket.
It took a couple extra minutes to get Jamie to sleep, but she was quiet, with a hand curled around the corner of a blanket, and peacefully asleep. Steve went out to the living room, dropped himself onto the couch, and Jarvis connected the call. "Steve?"
"So I'll see you in like an hour?"
There was a beat of silence in the car as they drove, Mrs Fitzpatrick eyeing Tony. "So, can I assume that we'll be having Peter's favorite for dinner tonight?" William asked, smiling. Tony couldn't help but smile back before nodding.
“Considering that it’s the middle of the afternoon, and it’s a holiday, I’m not actually expecting a lot of places to be open,” Steve told him.
“He doesn’t want you to think that he’s replacing you though. Told him he needs to talk to you about it.” Vee trotted behind them as Pepper dragged Tony’s drunk ass up to his master bathroom. “What do you think, Evelyn?” Vee liked it that Pepper always used her proper name, much like Peggy Carter had. Vee was something just for Tony and Steve to call her. “Well, I suppose it’s something to think about. Maybe soon the work load won’t be as full, he’ll be able to spend more time here with you.”
“That hurts, right here,” Tony looked at her, tapping his arc reactor. “Oh look, home sweet home.” Tony reached forward to poke Peter’s shoulder as Steve turned his head to look out the window. His eyes widened a little when saw the gate opening, and the beginning of the mansion showing up down the drive. “Hey kiddo,” Tony said as Peter lifted his head. ”Looky loo.”
There was a soft laugh, and he finally heard a smile in the voice on the line. "Alright, I'll go." Tony smiled a little. "Thank you Mr-Tony."
"Cheating McCheaterpants," Tony point at him. "Captain McCheater."
Steve was quiet as he listened, afraid that if he said anything it would spook Tony, that he would realize where he was and stop talking. "Howard had put all of his eggs in Bruce's basket, with the research, to recreate the serum. He had told Bruce that he would give him the 'Vita Rays' needed to complete the process if Bruce could remake Erskine's formula." Tony let out a strained laugh. "His message wasn't meant to reach me when he died, it was meant to reach me after Howard used the damn serum on me." Tony saw Steve's jaw drop, "I'm a little conflicted on if it was Hero worship, or if he really did love me, enough to turn me into the next you."
He liked selling office supplies, he had a long list of steady clients and had a silver tongue when it came to talking to someone over the phone. Now, it was safe to say he was the opposite when it came to face to face.
“Who would leave her here like
“I bet he says that about you too, doll.” Joseph told her.
An hour passed as Steve was looking at every detail in every photo, commenting on all of them to Toni, as she patiently waited, loving every second of this time with Steve.
“Arabic,” Sam said, raising his hand.
“Bedroom?” She whispered, her doe brown eyes darting in the direction of the hallway.
“Toni?” She heard Steve’s sleepy voice enter the room.
“Come on up to the penthouse and see for yourself. There is absolutely no fucking way to explain this.”
“Sure was. A tall, dark, and handsome man.” Steve’s eyebrow rose and a smirk appeared on his lips.
“We will,” Toni smiled proudly, pulling Steve along to the elevator.
“That... was amazing,” he told her, wrapping his arms around her hips.
After all he is the luckiest man in the world, or so says Pepper Potts.
“Anything for you, my sweet dish,” Toni said with a wink. Bucky placed a chaste kiss on her lips and smiled.
Toni smiled softly, taking Steve’s face into her hands. His bright blue eyes looked down at her as a soft sigh escaped his lips.
“Ah yes, and after the wedding say if you would like a third. I would be very interested.”
Just as Bucky went to pull Steve away from the bigger man, to drag the blond and Toni home and away from all this chaos the opposing man spit blood onto Steve’s face and shouted: “Oh, gimme a break. This no-good little fucker can’t take care of a woman like that. Let me have her an you gentlemen can carry on about yer night.”
Steve’s legs crossed one over the other in the shape of a pretzel as Toni sat atop his lap. Her thick muscular thighs, wrapped around his waist like his back was a tree trunk as her arms wrapped loosely around his neck. She had told him it was called the ‘Lotus’ and it had become one of his favorite sexual memories from the ’30s.
It was a little after seven as they exited the museum. Hand and hand they decided they were gonna walk around the city a bit more, both enjoying their time alone together.
“Come on!” Toni laughed, pulling the larger man behind her. “You stubborn mule!”
“Sam and Clint!” Steve told her proudly, taking another sip from his water bottle. “But I would like to go see that new Robert Downey Jr movie:
“What made you decide on the red lipstick over the blue?” Natasha asked, propping her feet up on the coffee table, knocking Clint’s down in the process.
“That’s Steve’s ma’s ring. You’re married to him aren’t ya?”
“Here!” She heard Steve with a slight wheeze to his voice as he came running back into the kitchen. He sat down, laying the black sketchbook in front of Toni as he tried to regain his breath.
“Would you like to see more of my artwork?”
“Toni isn’t so subtle either,” Sarah told them.
she moaned, shock evident in her eyes as Steve just wrapped her other leg around his hips, opening her body perfectly for him.
“It’s okay, Toni.” The smaller man said, still covering his eyes as a small smile graced his lips.
“I’m okay, Stevie,” she whispered, staring into his empty blue eyes. Laying her forehead against his, she whispered, softly: “I’m okay, sweetheart.”
“Well,” Toni stacked a folder neat on the edge of her desk and fondly rolled her eyes. “Help me grab a heavy box from the supply closet then.”
” Steve whispered into her ear. “That means thank you.”
“It's rough, I’ll get better. It’s not easy having such a challenging piece... Knowin’, it’s near impossible to get just how perfect ya are down on paper.”
__________________________
“Sorry ‘bout that.”
“Maybe.”
ma’am! You didn’t! Don’cha worry about that, I’m alright.”
As the quinjet landed on the landing pad, the heroes began making their way off the jet.
Comments and Kudos always greatly appreciated!!!!
“I’m okay, really. You should check Steve and Bucky out first...” Toni asked, turning to Daniel. Not missing the look of regret and shame that ran through Bucky’s eyes at the mention of his best friend. “Where is Steve?”
“Get out!” Steve whisper-yelled.
? Do ya think someone drugged her?” Steve asked, running his eyes up and down her body, checking for any signs of assault.
“Good?” She asked, turning her head to look up at her lover.
“Steve…”
Just like Steve and Toni.
Steve Rogers joined the fight, he went and rescued countless men from the clutches of Hydra and saved his best friend in the process. He became the soldier, the fighter, The Captain she always knew him to truly be.
“Fine, but if ya get sick. Dontcha come complaining ta’ me.”
“Oh...” Steve whispered through the comm. “Well, you are. Almost.”
“You... You just said...
“I’m sorry... Come again?” Toni asked, turning to see Natasha and Pepper with wide eyes as they took in Steve’s information. “You didn’t just tell me... That Howard Stark --”
“Yours, Steve.” She whispered, her breathing slightly erratic at the animalistic actions of her fiancé.
Steve Rogers had been working for Fury Incorporated for almost six years now, and did he love it? Well… yeah, yeah, he really did.
“Just some comic stuff for... Timely.” Steve lied, his eyes looking anywhere but her. Toni had picked up on Steve’s lying tell not long after he moved into the tower. The man had the shittest poker face she’d ever seen.
Another plot twist getting in the way of the wedding plans, but I promise this one is a good one!
Each Avenger also had their very own microphone, which was probably not the best idea when Steve really thought about it. Because who knows what was gonna leave Bucky and Sam’s lips.
Toni whispered. “I wanna thank you both.. You picked me up from the ground of an alley and gave me a home..
They were always the first to take the love seat during movie night, and that soon became their spot. No one dared to sit in the loveseat after this one-time Steve lifted Clint up by the collar of his shirt, threw him off of his cushion, and across the room. The soldier didn’t pay any mind to where the archer ended up, he just settled back into his seat. Lifted his arm up, ignoring his shocked teammates, and let the much smaller genius curl up into his chest, like she always did.
The man who beat her almost every day. The man who stole any and every project he deemed worthy - claiming her invention as his own. The man who would scream and shout, throw whiskey tumblers and slate coasters at her head if she was too loud simply walking down the hallway.
“I gotcha a surprise.” He told her, a smile wide on his lips.
“Can I answer Toni?” Bucky asked, making some girls erupt in screams.
“Bullshit, Rogers.” She glanced down at the next page of his sketchbook, smiling at the drawing of her and Bucky sitting at the table playing cards. “I mean..” Toni nudged his shoulder with her hand and said: “You’re no Monet... But, you’re amazing.”
Toni took the cucumbers off her eyes, popping one into her mouth. She looked over at the redhead that rested in the chair beside her, who apparently had also removed her cucumbers. Toni smiled and with a crunch, she responded: “Yeah, he’s very big on physical touch. I think that’s his love language or something.”
..” Toni bit her lip, watching Steve’s eyes soften as he took in the sadness in her eyes, and her posture. “I wanna know
“She’s gorgeous, no disrespect ma’am,” Bucky said, turning to face the redhead. Natasha snorted and turned back to face Toni.
“You made it,” Toni breathed, her lips just barely brushing his own. Making the bigger man press her body tighter against the wall. His burly hands settled on the low of her hips, his thumbs rubbing slow circles on the front of her hip bones. “Th-that’s all that matters.”
Steve grinned, standing to his feet as he felt his heart rate rising to a dangerous level. Knowing the JARVIS in his phone would alert Toni if it rose past a certain number, his mind reminded him Toni would be sprinting heer as soon as she got the alert, so this had to be quick.
Seeing from the corner of her eye as Steve’s eyes grew wide watching this moment unfold between Toni and his best friend.
“I’d have a hundred kids, as long as it’s with you, Steve Rogers.”
“That’s a good idea.” He whispered, dejected as he slumped his way to the door. Defeat was written all over his face. “Sleep well, Toni.”
Steve pushed the bigger man towards the front door, and flashed Toni a smile, saying: “I’ll see you a bit after four. It ain’t much but please make yourself at home, Toni.”
“You as well, old friend,” Daniel responded, shaking the taller man's hand.
Pre-serum, slightly jealous Stevie in this chapter. Also you are introduced to my very first OC, I love him very much and I hope you will to.
She whisper-yelled, “Why do you keep kissing me!?”
“You got this, Captain.”
And with that Toni turned to her much smaller fiancé with a smile.
The boys all exchanged glances of shocked, confused, and surprised emotions before Bucky spoke up: “Am I a sniper?”
“Of course, Toni,” Steve whispered, a soft smile on his pale lips.
“Don’t look at me,
I’ma teach this jerk a lesson on respect! Let me go, Buck!” Toni watched as that same glaze that covered Steve’s eyes when they were in that closet at the gala with Stone was the same expression he had on his face now, that same cold, empty stare.
heard it sound, and she had heard Steve’s voice in several commanding tones, but nothing matched this one.
“Two days. Thank you Strange.”
“What did he do now?” Thor demanded, looking around the room at the armed superheroes.
His Pa had told him he was crazy to have not made a move. He told him people as special as her only come around once in a lifetime, and there was no point in waiting. Especially when she was everything and more than Steve had ever dreamed of in a woman.
“Anytime, Steve. I’m sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable.”
The brunette smiled, nodding her head profusely. “Steve.. I’ve loved you since I met you... I -” That was all the smaller man needed to hear as he crossed the distance between them. Capturing Toni’s lips in their first kiss.
“You too!” He waved happily as they walked away.
Steve just shrugged his shoulders, smiling at the beautiful brunette in the dim emergency lights and the subtle flicker of her lit candle at her desk.
“Who found you? Was it me? I knew I would find you one day! God, I’m wonderful.”
“No one is more handsome than me.”
“I’m gonna do the dishes.” He slumped his way over to the sink, grabbing people's plates on his way.
“You’re gonna be the death of me, Toni.”
“I..” She whispered, wiping her hands under her eyes.
“Any living relatives?” Steve asked, running his hands gently up and down his fianceé’s back.
soda and turned to face Steve and Toni as they sat at the kitchen island. “Do you guys have relationship rules?” He asked, making the serum-powered couple glance at each other in confusion.
“So, tell me again, Howard. Who made me? Because it sure as hell wasn’t you.”
With no response, Toni softly patted his chest as she was reminded that Steve was in full on Captain mode. No emotions were ever present in that form, as his normal, warm blue gaze was a cold, steel gray. Toni just flashed her stoic fiancé a soft smile and turned to Clint, muttering: “Let’s go see the idiot.”
“Why yes, you would be a very suitable mate.”
“Monet’s work is spectacular," Toni agreed. "He’s one of my all-time favorite artists. One of the greatest impressionists, if not the best --.”
“Oh, come off it, Birdbrain.”
“I love you too,” he whispered, pulling back from the kiss. Smiling as he saw the brunette's eyes were gently closed as her tongue ran across her lips - as if she was trying to taste more of his kiss.
“Alright, let’s get this over with.” Fury muttered. “Remember, keep your lips sealed.”
“Oh right...” Toni muttered. “We are kinda superheroes...”
Toni flipped through the pages, seeing sketches of Bucky in his favorite leather chair. Some drawings of the streets they lived on, some beautiful sketches of the sunset from their balcony, and some of the movie theater that was right down the street.
“She’s the only one on the team who’s figured out how to get you out of your feral moods Steve,” Natasha interjected, dusting the crumbs from her pizza off on a napkin.
“We love you, son,” Fury breathed, placing one last kiss onto Toni’s temple. Steve froze in shock at the kind words that left Fury’s mouth. He had never, not once imagined Nick Fury would ever say something like
“He won’t remember I was here,” Strange muttered, bending down to look at some nicknacks that rested on Elisa’s coffee table. “Disgusting taste.” Toni rolled her eyes and closed the door behind her.
“Hmm?” She groaned from his pillow, not opening her eyes, but acknowledging him with a grunt.
“Why yes, the fates have souls that are destined to be together. That be partners romantically or platonically. You and the Captain are destined mates, did you not know this?”
“Brand new information to us,” Bucky muttered.
“I’m so tired, I wanna curl up into bed and not move for twelve days.” Toni muttered into her
“Wait, wait,
Steve nodded.
” He whined, burying his face into the smaller woman's chest.
“My son?” Sarah whispered, her bottom lip quivering as she knew this was her one chance for answers on her son's death.
Bucky threw a confused glance at Clint as made his way over to the sketchbook. Scream when his gaze landed on the page, throwing his metal hand over his eyes.
Yeah, they both had been through so much in their lifetimes. But, she never had a moment with him, where he broke down and shared things he had bottled up. He’d always broken those walls down for Toni, and Toni never even realized he had walls. Not until she got to know pre-serum Steve.
“You... You what?”
“SHIELD found me, Howard.” Steve informed the older man, his arrogant smile falling off his lips.
“Why Steven, it sounds like you know a lot about my daughter.” Howard countered, crossing his arms over his chest.
“What’s with all the bickering?” They heard as the lab door opened, revealing the younger Storm sibling. “Stark and Richards shouldn’t even be in the same room together. Nah let me have Stark, we can go to my lab and have some fun.”
“And there it is.”
“Together,” Toni nodded as he stole a kiss right off her lips.
The brunette tried fighting the smile that was threatening to spill off her lips, but the smile won and stole his heart again in the process.
In shock, Steve’s hold on Toni dropped. She tried to get down on her feet, but her body shifted on the bigger man's shoulders, and as she tried to swing her body around, her legs followed down Steve’s back and she hit the floor. Her ass landing on the concrete with a loud smack.
One more chapter after this!! The wedding is so, so soon!!
They stood there a minute or two before they heard Steve let out a holler.
“When did she bless us?” Steve asked the gods.
“Oh yes, that.” Loki shrugged his shoulders, saying: “Well, that was years ago. Time to move on.”
“You’re a pretty scary little dude,” Sam muttered, with a piece of cheese hanging from his lips.
“Yes, ma’am. That would be lovely.” They heard Steve as he and Bucky made their way back to the table. The taller boy rubbing his arm, as if he’d just been punched.
“W-what?”
Steve pushed the heel of his hands into his eyes, saying: “Man, I’m ‘he dum dum!”
“Shut up,” He muttered against her lips.
Bucky’s kiss was nothing like Steve's; it wasn’t safe or comfortable.
“Let’s kick their butts,” Steve stated, sending a glare in Thor’s direction.
Toni completely forgot that Steve didn’t know about the reactor in her chest or even her prosthetic leg. For the last two months, Toni hid her leg under her black pantyhose and always had her arc reactor covered with a thick square of flesh-colored fabric.
Toni smiled as Steve called her his wife for the first time.
“It was a gift from my parents when I moved out. Ma was so proud, she went out and bought it. Spent so much money on it.” Bucky recalled.
Every third Wednesday the two took off and made their way upstate to visit Toni’s substitute father: Edwin Jarvis. They spent the day cooking, baking, trading stories, listening to his words of wisdom, and eating some delicious food. And yeah, every Thursday when they got back to work, the office was a disaster.
Tonight was a movie night, but they spent most of the film with their lips locked, grossing out some of the people in the rows around them. But, frankly, Toni didn’t care and honestly was very proud that she couldn’t quite tell you what film they had actually seen.
_______________________________
hehe, can y'all guess what's gonna happen next?! Comments and kudos are always appreciated! Feel free to scream at me in the comments!!
“Who steals them the most? Black Widow? Hawkeye?”
“Toni?” He asked softly.
Not long had passed of her in Steve's comforting embrace before Bucky sweep her off her feet, pulling her safely up to his chest.
“He’s like ninety years old, I’m not afraid of grandpa.”
“Copy that, Doctor,” Toni told him. Daniel flashed her a smile and made his way over to the couch to join Werner.
get your skinny ass in here!” He hollered once more. “Don’t worry ‘bout me. I’m doing great, babydoll.” Bucky breathed, finally making eye contact with the genius. “That’s also a nice shade ya got there on your lips.”
“Toni? You okay?” Steve asked once more, concern shining in his tone as he placed a soft kiss right beneath her ear.
“Ah, Toni. You’re a wonderful gal, the daughter I never had,” he said, placing another kiss on her temple.
“Nope,” Clint stated, grabbing Toni by her hand, pulling her behind him as they went in the opposite direction. “I know that look, but we have shit to do first. You marry him, then you can fuck his brains out.”
Neither of them spoke as they made their way down the hall, but as Daniel opened his apartment door Toni saw Stephen Strange standing in the middle of the living room. Levi - his trusty robe hanging around his shoulders as the Eye of Agamotto sat in its rightful place on its gold chain around his neck.
“Awe, Barnes. I knew you were my favorite super soldier.” Toni stood up from the sofa and made her way over to the metal-armed man.
Steve and Toni were always together.
“Yeah... I know I’m twenty-two years old... I just..”
“Relationship rules?” Steve asked, raising his left eyebrow in uncertainty.
“Yes, ma’am, no problem.” Bucky threw his dazed best friend a concerned glance and headed for the elevator.
“All right, let’s let these two love birds have some alone time together. My darling, I will have Mr. Barnes and Mr. Barton bring the stuff to the living room.” and with that Jarvis ushered them all out of the bedroom. Dislodging the door from the drywall, having Bucky and Clint makeshift close the broken door behind them.
“I do.” Steve mirrored his actions, sitting up in his chair. He wasn’t gonna let Howard threaten him, not when Steve could kill the older man with his pinky finger.
It was like his lips had taken all the breath from her body, leaving her lungs desperate for something only Steve could provide. “I love you,
Okay! This chapter is full of fluff and sweetness. It does get a little heated.. so, yeah.
“Gorg-
“They’re okay..." Steve watched the way the brunette eyes raked over every one of his drawings like they were made of solid gold.
“I’m sorry, what does that alarm mean? Why are we taking you out of the dress?” Sarah asked as Pepper began unbuttoning Toni’s gown.
The taller man’s face ran even paler. His mustache-covered lips turning to a frown, as he took into account Daniel’s tone of voice and his body language.
“Toni! Thank God, maybe you can talk some sense into this idiot!” Sue laughed, making her way across the lab to hug the shorter brunette.
“Oh!” Toni chuckled at Bucky’s words “Yeah, the dress! I fixed the wiring in a ladies curling iron and she gave me a couple of these things. I’m not a dress girl, but these are very comfortable.” Toni said, feeling the black and white checkered material of her A-line dress.“She gave me some make-up too, real sweet lady.”
“What?” Steve asked. “What about your dress? My dress greens?”
“He better not kill him without me there to witness it!”
“Oh goodness. Umm...” Toni’s lips curled up in thought. “Chris Evans is really pretty and seems like a real standup guy. So, I guess Chris Evans?”
Just as Steve’s anger-filled blue eyes spotted him, Bucky grabbed the smaller man by his collar.
“See that’s why you’re my favorite Avenger,” Natasha muffled from her pillow.
“Agreed.”
“Bless us so I can get home,” Steve groaned, desperation humming low in his voice.
Steve threw the trickster god across the kitchen, his body slamming down onto the kitchen table.
“Well, if you can’t talk sense into Reed, we are all shit out of luck.”
“Toni..” His hand cupped the side of her face and before she could even blink, his lips were on hers.
“Hiya,” Toni said, making her way over to her smaller fiancé.
“You can always give me a hand, Toni” Johnny smiled a sultry smirk at the genius, snapping his fingers together. A small flame appeared at the tip of his thumb.
“Oh...” Toni whispered, realizing the couple didn’t spend as much time apart as she thought they did.
But this time Toni didn’t flinch.
“Toni...”
“Toni, doll? What happened?” Bucky asked as Toni finished off Steve’s beer and then reached for Bucky’s.
“Who is it?” Toni called out, trying to think of an explanation for her being alone in Steve and Bucky’s apartment.
“Buck, what did I say about your language?” Steve muttered, running his hand through his hair as a way to express his frustration with being interrupted.
“Oh, Marshall, leave us alone. What can you tell me about this girl, sweetheart?”
“I ain’t known her for long, but... She’s special and pure...there’s this connection there and I really feel like we..” Feeling dumb with the words that just left his mouth, Steve kicked the pavement beneath his feet. “We’re meant to be.”
“Yeah, very special.”
The dress was nothing fancy, nothing you’d see the biggest Hollywood stars in on the cover of magazines because well, that just wasn’t Toni.
After the manicures and pedicures were finished, Nat and Toni made their way to the third part of their day: the massage rooms.
“Tones, stop overthinking,” Bucky chuckled. “It really is okay; I love spending time with you and Stevie.”
He turned around with a soft smile and said: “I just. I feel like I’ve known you forever, Toni.. There’s just something comfortable between us and I don’t know how to read it..”
“Of course, Tones..”
“Enter!” They heard a booming voice. Toni took a deep breath and tried to prepare herself for who was on the other side of that door.
He ignored her question, getting her black sweatpants from around her ankles, throwing them in the pile on the floor with the others. “I’m cold, Steve,” she told him, watching as his large hand ran down her right thigh, to the compartment that connected her prosthetic to her flesh thigh. His blue eyes looked into her own with a question. “What?” Toni asked softly.
“Thank you, I like it myself.”
“Steve!” Bucky hollered, grabbing his attention from the brunette’s lips.
“Yep.”
“I live in a tower with children,” Sam stated, as he took a seat atop the counter.
So, that’s what he did.
“We are going to get suited up, meet you at the coordinates.” Clint said, placing a kiss to her cheek.
“Yeah, no. I’m okay.. I’ll be back.” With that, she turned to Daniel with a smile. “Lead the way, Danny.”
“WinterIron - you and Bucky, WinterHawk - me and Bucky. Stucky - Steve and Bucky.” Bucky let a gagging sound escape his lips, as Clint rolled his eyes and continued. “And Stoni - You and Steve.”
. Loki literally threw her back seventy years. She won’t be interacting with an alternate you. She’ll be interacting with
“Sounds good.”
“Who on the team has kissed who?”
“Let Steve in the room,” She whispered, watching the smile break out on Sarah and Joseph’s lips.
“I call dibs!” Bucky shouted, pushing Steve out of the way.
“Oh, I will, don’t you worry. Anyways, enjoy your time left with the Brooklyn boys. I’ll see you in two days.” With a could sparkly hand movements, Strange sent a wink her way and disappeared.
“This might sound weird..” Steve whispered through the kisses to his lover's hip bones. “But..”
“Thank God,” Steve shouted, as he swung the smaller woman around. Thankful to have the office back under control, but also having her in his arms. Steve selfishly cherished these moments.
“Don’t ask me,” Steve muttered.
“Yep, that’s the plan. Captain Rogers has a lot planned out for our future.”
“Of course.” Steve nodded, trusting his family with his work.
Who didn’t sleep enough – Toni.
“Let’s go,” Steve told them, “I’m getting married in a couple hours.” The trio turned, noticing the tone in Steve’s voice and by the soldier’s stance that Steve was in no mood to fuck around.
*****
“Oh, okay.” Howard muttered, eyebrows furrowing. “Well, is my company doing well?”
“I’d be okay with it,” Steve nodded, really thinking about the idea.
“Hey! You need to learn how to share!” Bucky laughed.
“How many are a lot, Rogers?” Toni asked as she took in the proud, almost cocky look on the smaller man's face.
“Oh... Thank you, Steve," she said softly, going back to eating her pasta.
“I swear to God, I’m gonna kill him.”  Steve raged as he searched for the man through the crowd. His blue eyes raging with anger at the man who made Toni feel so small. Who dared to make his dame feel scared and inferior. Whoever this man was, Steve was gonna tear him to pieces for even daring to mess with
“This is more important, Steven.” She told him, laying her hand on his arm. “Let’s go, Monet awaits!” Toni dragged the smaller man out of the apartment, hearing his slight protests all the way down the stairs.
He placed a kiss on her forehead with a chuckle.
Steve was staring right at Reed, his body taunt, eyes frozen and focused on the shorter scientist.
Well, as it turned out once the Steve and Clint chase ended, Coulson was standing there waiting to hand them both the shirts he had made. Smiling proudly as he said. “Two down, none to go.”
Steve... You’re so kind, you’re stubborn and so arrogant. Yet humble and righteous all at the same time.” Toni ran her hands under his shirt and placed a kiss on his lips. Steve settled his shaky hands on her thighs, feeling the almost velvet-like, warm skin beneath his palms.
Pepper and Natasha took lead in decorations, apparently the roof was turned into a garden. Faux grass, and vines and flowers galore - white roses of course. Clint promised her it was breathtaking. Neither the bride or groom had seen it, but it had been approved by everyone - Edwin Jarvis and Nick Fury included.
Her favorite music was country. Toni would never forget seeing Jarvis spin Ana around the living room floor as they danced to:
Toni stood to her feet, following her younger teammates into the living room as they grabbed their tubes.
__________________
Also there is a Easter egg in this chapter that will be important to the rest of the 'Remind You' series!!
With not an ounce of insecurity in his mind, he began to climb back into the bed - but he stopped when caught the way Toni’s pupils grew, taking in Steve’s naked glory.
“Topic change! Anybody please! Anything!” Clint yelled over Steve’s voice, turning his attention back to the blushing genius.
“Remember, four hours and we get married.” Toni whispered, placing a kiss to the taller man's lips. “Don’t get thrown in jail for murder please.”
“Nah, not really. My ass is to die for.”
“Roses,” Toni breathed, her eyes locked in on every detail of the flowers. Steve looked down at the roses, the only thought running through his mind was ‘oh my gosh, what if she hated roses? What if she was allergic?’
?! All these years?! For the past three years, the Starburst’s have been hidden in
“Did you find her?”
. Do I seem uncomfortable to ya?” He asked and softly reassured her as slowly thrusted his hips against the genius'.
“Can you blame us?”
“Steve? Bucky? You guys wanna play a game?” Toni hollered into the kitchen.
“Oh yeah, he talks about you guys all the time. You two mean the world to him. He visits your grave sites every week, just to update you guys on what’s going on in his life.”
“Please let there be a toolbox, please let there be a toolbox, please let there -
“Come on back to me, Steve,” Toni said softly. Steve lifted his head from her chest, blinking his eyes open in confusion.
“I’m alright, a solid 8/10.”
“Oh, fuck off, the only thing she probably puts out for is sex.” Howard rolled his eyes and turned his attention back to Steve. “That’s probably why you’re in here right now. Tell me Rogers, she
“Toni, I can’t afford that.” He told her as she pulled them over to the hall closet, opening the door to grab their coats.
Toni was very glad Bucky would be behind that two-way mirror when Steve spoke to Howard. She was very afraid of what Steve would say and do to the man that she sadly called her father.
He wished that a lot.
So, yeah, lying was her best option.
But he was so angry, so full of rage all he could hear was white noise.
“Iron Man?” She heard Steve in the comm.
“What is going on, why are you taking me to my bedroom?” Toni laughed as they pulled her into her room. “Steve isn’t gonna like this.”
Steve smiled back as he took his seat across the table from her and thought he’d known this girl for a day, but would do just about anything to have Toni smile at him like that for the rest of his days.
Toni groaned at the words that just fell off her fiancé’s lips. He needed to stop hanging out with Clint. Toni didn’t even know how the archer was so up-to-date on today's slang, but he needed to stop teaching it to the super soldiers in the tower.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mr. Von Doom.” Toni nodded, pulling her hand back from his grasp.
“Doll, there ain’t nothing you can tell me that’ll make me change my mind.”
“Toni! You’re practically naked!” Bucky shouted, covering his eyes. Steve immediately held his shield in front of his exposed fiancée.
He also used it on his long and
“You’re right. I’m not.” Steve moved his lips down Toni’s jaw, leaving a trail of tiny bruises on her collarbone.
“Thank you… Toni. I’m not so afraid of the future anymore.” Toni leaned down and gave the younger man a kiss on his cheek.
His blue eyes flicker up to her brown ones as he smiled. “Toni..” He whispered back, his face slowly leaning in. Her lashes fluttering closed, feeling Steve’s warm breath on her lips.
So, that was when Bucky got the idea of dancing. He loved dancing as did Toni, it was perfect. A couple of times a week they would meet in the gym, talk, and dance their problems away. Now, it was rare for Toni to have a ‘sore day.’
“It’s me, baby.” Toni nodded her head, realizing Steve had just woken up from reliving his past all over again, and he felt as if he hadn’t seen Toni in over seventy-some years. She ran across the room, jumping into her lover's arms. His arms wrapped around her waist as if they were designed just for her, holding her body so tight as a way of saying he would never let her go again. Toni squeezed her thighs tight around the bigger man's hips, as she threw her arms around his neck. Holding him as tight as she possibly could, reminding him she was here and safe. They were here, together, just like they promised.
“Yes, soulmates are a wonderful gift.”
What is in here you don’t want me seeing?” Clint laughed as he ran away from the soldier. Dodging and jumping out of the older man's grasp.
‘hat’s my girl!”
Toni,” he whispered, holding her sobbing body taunt to his. “I promise you’re safe. I promise, dollbaby.”
“Eleven pm?! Natasha, I go to bed at ten o'clock!”
The brunette rolled her eyes and shook her head fondly. “What a gentleman.” She shouted dryly.
Toni opened the closet door, shined her light on one of the boxes, and flashed him a cheeky smile.
“But.. I thought... The blonde girl at the bookstore?”
“Yes, The Captain is possessive over Toni in a very sweet and charming way.” Pepper blushed at Natasha’s short but passionate peck. “It’s very sweet.”
She cleaned up the rest of the eggs and made her way over to Steve. Gently running her hands up and down her lover's firm back, gently smiling as she felt his muscles relax beneath her touch. She wrapped her arms around his waist, pillowing her head on his back.
“That is all,” Thor shouted. “Let us get you two married!”
Toni immediately pulled the shirt on over her own, smiling proudly at her, black: “I’m in love with a salesman” shirt and as soon as Steve saw the happiness on his dame’s face, he shucked his own shirt off, pulling on his new favorite shirt. Smiling with pride in his chest as Toni read: “I’m in love with a receptionist”
“I wouldn’t if I were you.” Natasha grabbed the younger boy by the back of his shirt. “Steve has a possessive streak over a mile wide.”
The man who made her feel like she wasn’t worth a single penny. That she would be nothing without him.
They sat in comfortable silence for a couple minutes, smiles wide across their lips before Toni spoke.
The whole group couldn’t hold back their laughter at Toni’s thought process of being in a triad with the two soldiers.
“I am, as long as I have this.” Toni tapped the casing around the light with a soft smile.
“It’s all clear now.”
Toni awoke to feel a soft, plush cushion beneath her body as it felt like silk sheets against her skin and that was something he felt like she hadn't experienced in months.
“Baby, baby I’m here,” Toni whispered as Steve’s hands continued to run up and down her body almost as if she would disappear if he let her go.
“And she’s sassy, damn.” They heard Wilson.
Short update, but I wanted to post a little something today! Enjoy!!
“Well... Um. Thank you for saving me, I guess..” Toni ran her hands through her short, spiky hair and racked her brain for a reason she was in the alley, then she lied through her teeth. “I’m not from around here... I came in from Ca-California... I only remember a tall man... Wanting money... And now I’m here.”
“Daniel Richards, Steven, and James’ neighbor.”
Just as she took a step away from Steve, she felt his firm hands take hold of her waist, pulling her body back and flush to his.
“Ouchy,” Toni whispered, rubbing her hands on her now sore ass, and turned to face Richards.
“Come with me!”
“Though they did not need that blessing as they had already been blessed by Freyr.” Loki muttered, rolling his eyes at his older brother.
“I just happened to drop in, that is all. I also heard you and your team discussing the time your Captain and Sergeant Barnes once lived... Sounds
Now, he was gone.
“Have a good time, and may I say, sir.” Steve turned to look at the older man, an eyebrow raised, prepared for a dumb-ass remark. “That’s a beautiful gal on your arm.”
As the song came to an end Steve could hear the pants, from both Bucky and Toni’s lips. Toni sauntered her way over to Steve, her red and blue prosthetic - barefoot leading her steps.
“Yay.” Toni whispered, looping her hands around Steve’s bicep. “I need to get dressed first.” Steve nodded his head and began leading her silently down the hall to their bedroom.
The brunette just stood there, mouth softly opening and closing as she remembered Daniel. Her eyebrows furrowed as she remembered he was gone now. That he probably had been dead for years.
“Loki?” Toni asked, as the suit closed around her body.
His eyes met the brunette as she rested on the floor.
“I can’t fucking stand you sometimes. You can’t always fix things, Toni!”
had failed.
“What’s wrong buddy?” Sam asked, trying to match the Captains' concerned tone. Steve dropped Toni’s hands with a huff and turned to the shorter man.
“Thank you, ma’am,” Bucky said, taking a seat.
“Y-yes, sir.”  Toni smiled confidently at the change of the man's tone, as he looked at Steve in pure shock.
“Nah, Buck. Her smile would knock a fella right off his feet before he even saw her dress.”
The only thought running through her mind was gripping that tie in between her fingers and pulling him down into a searing kiss as her other hand worked the button off his pants.
Clint doubled over in laughter, concealing the book to his chest.
Who was the mother hen - Steve. While he didn’t agree with that, it was true, and everyone knew it.
“Very much so, but I did have a good time with the guys,” Steve told her. “It was nice to hang out with them, just us.” Steve rolled over onto his back, pulling his tiny genius onto his chest, wrapping his arms tightly around her waist.
too, by both of these gorgeous specimens is truly a wonderful thought... I don’t think I’d ever walk properly again.”
Bucky sat Toni onto Steve’s bed, helping her out of her dress and into what appeared to be one of his shirts. Toni was too out of it to even notice when the man had left her side to grab it.
“Okay, let's fix that radiator, shall we.” And with that Toni stood to her feet, heading to the hall closet.
He wondered what she would think of his new role as Captain America? If she would like his new body? Or if she would like him doing shows around the world?
They made their way back to the apartments, Daniel dropping Toni off right at her door, like the gentlemen he was.
that you wished you had a son. That you wished for a better child to carry on your
“First sketch? Steve, this is gorgeous!”
smaller fiancé and a short-haired Bucky Barnes.
“That’s why it’s here. I want them to see just how much I love you.” The soldier smiled, wrapping his arms around her waist.
“Ditto.”
“Bucky!” Steve shouted, his grip tightening on Toni’s backside as he mentioned their missing limbs so casually.
And Steve knew as he watched Toni talk to his Ma over her a slice of her 60th birthday cake that he had to say something. His family adored her, his friends couldn’t function without her and that was a fact. And well... He was head over heels in love with the sassy brunette.
“What’s funny?” Sam asked, taking a sip from his water bottle.
Antonia.” Howard spit, disappointment, and anger heavy in his tone.
“No, no,” Daniel said, waving his hands around. “That’s your money, you earned it. I don’t want a penny of it.”
.” He demanded, squeezing his hand tighter around the pale god’s throat.
“Who wants to go to a wedding?” Toni watched as Sarah and Joseph looked at the other in shock.
“Ugh, gross,” Steve muttered. “That I could do without remembering.”
Steve’s body grew rigid, feeling the delicate movement of the genius’s plump lips through the fabric of his jeans. Steve had to remind himself to breathe as he felt most of the blood in his body start to change directions and head south instead.
Or they were until Clint and Bucky barreled over.
’ by Glenn Miller. Bucky twirling her around the room, as the instrumental track played in the background, throwing triple steps, and rocking back and forth like they were never going to run out of energy.
“James, we need to talk before Steve gets here.”
Steve had been living in Avenger’s tower for over a year and a half now, his and Toni’s friendship had recently just reached a new level Steve didn’t even know could exist.
“And who is this? Daughter-in-law perhaps?” Mr. Von Doom said, his eyes raking her up and down, curiosity blooming on his pale face. Daniel smiled down at Toni and shook his head in laughter.
beneath his fingertips.
“Sweetheart, I had to make sure it was okay with your escorts.”
“Gosh, at least wait until you’re alone,” Sam chuckled, a smile gracing his lips as he watched Steve freeze up at Toni’s new resting place.
“You never denied it!” Clint screamed as he barreled through the office.
“Sure was, maybe even better... The guy was super-hot too...”
Around what Toni thought was about four am, she heard whispering from the bedroom door.
“Who else lost a limb?” Joseph asked, looking back at Steve.
“I’m sorry, Thor blessed them? What did you bless them with?” Bucky asked, turning his attention to the blond god.
___________________________________________
“Once a month.”
“Listen to me for one goddamn minute. You’re the most stubborn human being on the planet. Hell, you give Stevie a run for his money!”
Steve froze, just as he began to open the door. He turned to Toni and smiled.
“Yes,” Steve nodded. “She took SI and it’s better than it's ever been. She’s one of the most brilliant minds the world has ever seen.”
"Of course he will baby," Mary said as she pushed some hair off his face. "He always knows where you are." Peter let out a breath of relief and nodded, and went back to playing with the ornament. "But, you'll need to go to sleep soon, cause you know he won't come if you're still awake." As if on que, Peter yawned, leaning his head against Tony's shoulder. Tony smiled, taking the ornament back and putting it back on the tree.
Mary walked over to the couch, doing her best to not let Peter see Meg, and leaned over the back to give Peter a hug in Tony’s arms. “I’m gonna stay here to give Steve some tech help, but you’ll be good with Daddy and Aunt Julie, right?” Peter nodded, giving her a brave smile.
Tony could feel his canines tapping together in thought. Sounded like Steve needed something for the day to day monotony. "Before, well, this," Steve motioned to himself, "I was always doing what work I could, if I wasn't confined to the bed. It may not have been the action of battle, but it kept me busy. Now, not so much."
"Nah, nothing's wrong. I'll let you go, but you should totally look over at your door. I'm an awesome distraction" She hung up and Tony furrowed his brows together. He turned his eyes then his eyes widened and his mouth dropped a little.
“Jarvis? Can you help me make some customs settings for the bath?” Steve asked as he moved to take stock of the rest of the bathroom. There was plenty of body wash and shampoo, towels and washcloths, (Steve had no real intention of doing laundry until they were getting ready to go back to New York).
"I hope you aren't going to try and pull the guilt card," Mary followed him around, pulling his arm away from starting to unpack some of the stuff. "I know for a fact that traveling isn't hard for you, and I know that there's a SI office in New York."
“I think that we can keep this contained fairly well,” Pepper told him. “There’s no official confirmation that it is you, but the blue against your shirt is what attracts some people.”
"Nope, in fact, forget I mentioned it." Bruce raised an amused eyebrow at him.
“Not funny, J,” he muttered when the face plate flew in, hitting the edge of the door and flailing to the ground. Steve was raising an eyebrow, expression unamused. The plate lifted, unfolding, and seemed to be having a stare down with Tony. “Come on, let’s go then.” It whirled in the air and Tony took a step forward, jumping up and using a boot and a gauntlet to flip himself to catch the upside down plate. He landed on the ground, one knee down, slamming a fist onto the floor, watching the HUD spring to life inside the helmet. He stood back up and smirked, even though no one could see it. “I’ve been working on a new suit,” he said as the face plate lifted up like usual. “Autonomous prehensile propulsion suit. I’ve got micro-repeaters-“ He caught the blank look of Steve, Bucky, and Sam and twitched his nose. “I’ve got micro implants under my skin that calls to the suit, so it goes where I want it to go.”
"You do!" He reached over to pull Tony's hand down. "When we started this relationship you said you would talk to me, to let me help you! There is so much going on right now that you can't afford not to do that right now."
Bucky shook his head no right away. “Only met her a couple of times.” The Winter Soldier remembered seeing her, but they didn’t interact, not really.
"You going to bed?" Tony looked at Rhodey with narrowing eyes.
"I was younger," Tony told him. "I was already in college by the time I was a teenager, so I know how hard it can be. I'm real happy he's got a friend like you."
Steve had grabbed the present he brought up before sitting on the couch and pushed it towards Tony. "I uh, I got you something, and you can wait until-" He stopped when Tony grabbed the present and started peeling the paper off. "Or you can open it now," he chuckled. Tony smiled at him as he pulled the rest of the paper. It was a picture frame and Tony felt his breath catch when he lifted it up to look at it.
"Should probably get some more food for dinner, then, going to need another party," Tony finally spoke up. "Most likely desserts. I'll go tell Bruce, I think he said he was going to cook. He’ll probably need to recruit some help." Tony turned around and headed out of the room. Mary glanced at Phil for a moment.
"Hmmmm, did I?" Mary crossed one arm over her chest, tapping her chin with her other hand. "You know what, on second thought, I don't think I need it anymore."
"Mary is a dirty blabber mouth." He pushed his feet into her lap now, using his usual pushy tactics to try and make her more comfortable. She grabbed a pillow and shoved it under his feet without touching them. "I don't actually know where I was going with this point, but try not to worry too much about it. Steve and I got this."
"That's all Mary's work," Tony said shaking his head. "I showed up a few times a month, talked to the kid and played with him."
Tony spotted the boy and he got down to one knee, looking right at Wade. He stopped less than a foot away from the older man, and Steve had a feeling that he had just found out that he had been played by Tony Stark.
"Ahh," Steve nodded, trying to keep a knowing smile off of his face. "I didn't think you ever slept."
"There was an open bar," Pepper said, tilting her head a little.
"I'm thinking you didn't read the information all the way through," Meg panted out as she tried to block and avoid Natasha's hits.
"Forget the house, you're staying here. These children of yours need to be corrupted in the best way possible. And then I will have them listen to good music." He grinned when she punched his arm. "Steve'll love it, and then I'll have an extra babysitter for these two hooligans. Living with superheroes is the best."
"How was that an apology for me?" Steve asked as he followed Tony further into the house.
Bucky, the Winter Soldier, kept looking at her, as if waiting for something else. “If the target becomes hostile?” He eventually asked.
“They don’t stand a chance against Iron Man and Captain America,” Tony heard Peter telling Jamie. Wade was running after Clint to the other car, and Natasha was giving him a pointed look.
“Tony!” The door slammed over and Steve was running in, Peter in his arms. “Tony, are you alright??” Peter jumped from Steve’s arms and wrapped his arms around Tony’s neck, hugging him tightly. Tony’s eyes widened marginally as he looked at Steve, looking frazzled, and then at Bucky as he ran in, then saw Meg.
"Peter!" Someone shot through the door, tackling Peter in a hug. Steve smiled as he saw Wade and Peter rolling around on the ground, laughing and hugging. Glancing up he saw Tony talking with Wade's mom, a backpack in her hands and a smile on her face. Steve headed over towards them to catch part of their conversation.
Steve had been looking at his lack of clean clothes after showering off from the pool. "Yeah, sure," he nodded. "When were you thinking of heading out?"
Tiny bit of a crossover with Thor: The Dark World. Just a tiny bit.
"Do you want me to bring you your sketchbook?" Tony asked his son a little bit later. "Maybe a book? We can read to Mama later, as well, and you know she'll love to see all your new drawings."
"Yeah, I saw something on your shoulder, didn't look good." Tony moved his head back when Steve tried to move his head closer. "I wanna check your eyes, see if maybe you got a concussion."
Tony came out of the bedroom, eyes hooded, concealing anger, and the reason why followed him out of the bedroom. "It's always work with you, isn't it?" Rachel whispered to him as they closed the door. "You can't take the time to stay with your son, and my daughter that's hurt because of this mess? It's all about your image, isn't it?"
Steve blinked, realizing that the voice was asking for his name. "Um, Steve, I'm Steve."
"Has he always done that?" Steve asked, looking over at the Doctor.
“I don’t need a master pianist,” Steve murmured as he rested his cheek against Tony’s. “I like the engineer hands that I’ve got just fine. They seem to be able to play the piano just fine.”
Steve laughed and reached over to pull it back off of her face. “Your Daddy is insistent that you not remind him that he’s getting old.” He heard Tony’s mock gasp behind him. “He’s Thiry-Five now!” He stage whispered, and laughed when Tony pushed his back.
“I just want this to be over with,” Clint muttered. “This has been the longest day
“You two disgust me, you should break up,” Sam said, a chuckle leaving the darker man's lips.
“Toni’s your flesh and blood. She’s
“You picked my suit?! Over Thor!”
But Steve was prepared to be there for his genius whenever she needed it.
Toni opened the door, revealing a panicked, long-haired Sarah Rogers pacing around the lab, as silver fox Joseph Rogers sat in a desk chair as he dug through some stuff on the table before him.
“That’s all the confirmation I needed, but don’t worry. I’ll keep up with you and James' charade, thing.”
“The most popular ones are Steve and Toni, Steve and Bucky, and Toni and Bucky. Hell, I even saw one that was the three of them, Stuckony or something like that.” Clint added.
Daniel knocked on the large white door, smiling down at Toni as they waited for the owner of the large house to welcome them in.
The couple sat in silence for a bit, just listening to the other slightly watery breath as the afternoon sun shone through the windows.
“Meh,” Toni whispered. “Let’s give them a little bit longer, maybe it’ll tire them out.”
“Steve...” Natasha whispered softly.
“Reed Richards, that prick who owns the top floors of the Baxter Building,” Toni asked the AI. “Thinks he owns time and space himself?”
“Yeah, like a list of celebrities you can sleep with. Or if you were to ever meet a doppelganger of yourself -- could the other sleep with them? Things like that.”
They followed the impatient butler down a long hallway. The walls were white and bright, not a speck of dirt in sight. As weird styles of silver masks hung sporadically on the walls.
Thanks for reading!! Comments and Kudos are always appreciated!! Let me know your ideas and how you think the story is gonna go!!
“Avengers, it’s go time,” they heard a new voice in the room. Steve turned his attention to the door and saw a tall, slender man with a headset on and a clipboard in his hands.
“Steven!” Toni slapped his bare chest, her voice full of concern as she took in his tear tracked cheeks.
“Nice to meet you guys. I suppose Fury gave you a little glimpse as to what happened?”
He sat patiently on the bed, back as stiff as a board, feet planted firmly to the ground as his eyes scanned the room and watched Toni’s every move as she got dressed to go to SHIELD.
No way. He’s with you guys all the time, right?”
more during the war. He used that notebook to reminisce on moments shared with Toni both in public and
“So uncomfortable,” Steve said with a fond look in his eyes, “but a great chair.”
“She can’t fix the power, you idiot!” Bucky shouted back to the smaller man.
“As sweet as this is, it’s kinda gross now,” Natasha said, making a laugh bubble off of Toni’s lips.
“What?”
“So, Steve and Toni have never kissed?” A girl asked as she made her way up to the microphone.
“Yes.” Bucky laughed, as he wrapped his arms around Toni’s thighs.
“Grab her, Steven. Never let this one get away from you.”
“I’d love to." Steve smiled and handed her a small vase for her flowers.
Steve breathed a sigh of relief and they pulled apart, making their way around the living room hollering for Bucky. After his name left both their lips a couple of times, they turned to face the other. Steve took in the disheveled appearance of his dame’s shirt, the way her short brown hair was sticking up in every direction. He couldn’t help but thank God that he was able to call Toni
“Steve, you’re the only thing I’m sure about in this world.”
“You’re okay with all of that - that just took place?”
I’m not just gonna sit here and listen to you blame yourself for something the both of us did!” Toni began walking closer to the bigger man. She wasn’t gonna be talked down to like she didn’t understand. She wasn’t gonna be treated like some mindless plaything, no. Toni Stark was a strong woman who owned up to her shit and her mistakes - she never let someone take the fall for one of her mistakes.
“What is going on?”
Steve spit right in his face, watching as the older man shivered in disgust. “But
“Welcome back fellas," Toni said softly and made her way over to her full-grown, sleeping fiancé who rested on the third sofa in the living room.
I love this chapter!! Daniel is such a soft character, I hope y'all enjoy getting to know him!!!
“Steven..” Toni whispered, turning around in his arms. Bringing her hands to rest on the smaller man's chest.
ANGSTTTTTTT and mild comfort. yeah, there's small comfort here. yeah, yeah, totally.
“That’s the plan,” Toni whispered, pulling away from the older man's embrace.
“Got it. Lips sealed.”
“Can we not say that word, it’s so harsh,” Steve asked, his hand running up and down the dark fabric of his jeans as he tried to clear his mind of any images of anyone sleeping with Toni. The jealousy that was stirring in his gut by just the thought of it was overwhelming.
“I don’t mean ‘ta bother ya, but I was wondering if I could take this beautiful dame for a spin ‘round the dance floor?” The man asked Steve and Bucky, almost as if Toni wasn’t even sitting there.
“Aye, aye Captain.”
Toni's smile grew wide, as she dropped the dishes in the sink and ran over to Bucky, taking his hands into hers.
“That’s wonderful. We work well together?” Steve asked, turning back to face Natasha and Toni.
The next two days passed faster than either of the two preferred to admit.
“You’re
“You listen to me, and you listen good,” Steve fumed at the older man, grabbing the front of his shirt, lifting him an inch off the floor. “Toni Stark is the only good thing you gave to this world. You’re a worthless piece of shit and if I didn’t have very important plans in three hours, you’d be nothing but sludge under my boot.” He dropped Howard down to his feet, letting the older man stumble back into the wall, eyes wide in shock at the words that just left Steve’s lips.
Loving the feeling of the warm air that brushed her skin. The smell of home that was Steve and Bucky’s apartment, flooded her nostrils.
“Well, this is their vacation home, or so I’ve been told. Hell, I’m a doctor and I don’t even have a vacation home. I’m not quite sure what this family does.”
“Debatable,” Toni murmured into her soldier's chest.
“Let’s get married! Let’s go right now!” Steve couldn’t lose Toni, not when he just got her. “Toni, I wanna marry you.”  Steve antagonized as he watched the tears fall down his lover's cheeks. “I wanna spend forever with you... We can go to the courthouse... Bucky can be our witness - Toni please.” He muttered between wet kisses.
“You better.”
“Thank you, Sarah.” Toni whispered, as the older woman gently wiped the tears off Toni’s cheeks.
“Steven Grant Rogers,” she whispered, as her hands ran up his frail chest, taking his face into her hands. “You’re the most handsome man I’ve ever seen. Not to mention the kindest, smartest, most stubborn human being I’ve ever met.”
Steve.”
As they made their way to the bedroom, Steve grabbed a hold of his bride, pulling her waist flush to his.
He wanted to erase his whole computer just so she could teach him everything he already knows. Steve would do anything to sit there and smile at her as she ‘taught' him how to erase his history and clear cookies and cache from his computer.
“What?” She asked, leaving the shocked Clint’s embrace. Walking over to Steve’s desk, pulling his bottom drawer open, and grabbing four pink Starbursts from the bag.
“I think so.”
Steve wrote his last letter to Toni right before they stormed their last Hydra base, he cried because he knew he wasn’t gonna make it back from this mission. He’d promised her they’d be together and he knew wasn’t gonna be able to make that happen.
This, of course, wasn't the first time a man had taken advantage of her, some men were pigs and sadly it was something she was used to experiencing. But, she had let her guard down after spending the past couple of months with Bucky and Steve. They were her friends, her family. They were good men who had always treated her with respect and as an equal not just an object as this man had.
Toni ran her left hand across the top of it, realizing her engagement ring was still on her finger. She quickly pulled the diamond off her finger and opened a small compartment on her vibranium thigh; placing the ring safely inside her prosthetic leg.
Steve coiled back in disbelief as he heard Daniel refer to Toni as Bucky’s girl. Looking at his best friend, Steve saw the same shock on his face. They both noticed Toni stand up from her seat on the couch and wave her hand down by her thigh. Signaling both men to go along with the charade.
“JARVIS, you’re a dick," Toni said, resting her hands onto her thighs as she tried to catch her breath from running up all those stairs. The AI had no response, but if an AI could laugh, Toni would bet he would be laughing right now.
Toni just nodded her head in agreement, as that was probably a really good idea.
Time for things to start picking back up. Some more fluff and angst and a surprise visitor.
“We sure can,” Toni told them. “Come on, Steven. Let's get married.”
This is pure fluff, Steve being a art nerd and a sweetheart. We love pre-serum Steve with a burning passion.
“Yeah, yeah. Super Soldier brain.” Sam muttered.
,” Reed whispered, as he looked down at Toni. “T-thank you, Toni.”
“Stay away, I get her for at least another hour before you go all caveman, feral on poor Toni.”
if you throw one more plane!”
“That’ll be fine,” Bucky said softly, his gaze frozen on the ground beneath his feet as the door opened revealing a slightly less bloodied Steve.
“Come on!” He shouted, pulling her off the couch and down the hallway.
Toni’s laugh through the shotty speaker immediately turned Steve’s day around.
“Come back to me, Stevie,” Toni prayed over the smaller man's head. Nat threw a questioning look in her direction as Bucky made his way back over to the table with the pizzas in hand.
Bucky and Sam were the captains, so they picked their teammates. Bucky picked Toni and Thor, while Sam had Clint and Steve. Natasha would help out when she wanted to; she didn’t care to play.
“I’ve told you all you boys need to know. Just sit tight, we will have you back to normal by the end of the day.” Toni stepped out of the elevator to see four teenage boys, who looked way too much like her fiancé and teammates.
“Toni..” Steve whispered, dragging his eyes away from her supple breasts and black brazier. He saw the smile grow on his genius's face as she noticed his gaze. “This doesn’t change a damn thing, Toni... I wanna know why it’s here, but you can tell me that later. You’re still the most gorgeous woman I’ll ever lay my eyes on.” He took Toni’s hands into his and placed a kiss on her lips. “Beautiful..”
” Clint was cut off by a quick elbow to the ribs.
“What are you doing?” He asked, as her arms looped around his chest from behind.
Toni opened her eyes taking in the appearance of an old, brown, wooden slatted ceiling. She sat up, pushing the heavy quilts off her body. Noticing the voices that had filled the room, came to a full stop.
“First Stevie with the brunette, and you with a fella…” Joseph whispered, scratching the back of his neck. “Why, this is wonderful!”
He would be the perfect dad and Toni would have a hundred kids if it meant having them with Steve Rogers.
“Go sit on the bed. I have a surprise for you.”
________________________
I can't wait to share the rest with y'all!! A lot on the horizon for Steve and Toni when they get back home.
“Nice to meet ya, doll.” Joseph smirked, making his way over to his wife and Toni.
You gunna marry me?
Some fluff, Steve and Toni being cute and awkward and all around adorable.
“I...” Toni whispered. “I don’t wanna intrude.”
“Thank ya, doll baby.”
“Well, I for one think these two are a perfect pairing,--” Bucky stated. Toni turned to face the taller brunet, dropping Steve’s hand in the process.
As it turned out, Bucky's long hair had to go. There was wayyyy too much gum.
“Home.” She muttered softly, gripping the bigger man's shirt as a secure lifeline that was calming her mind and body.
“What the fuck is happening?” Steve groaned, bringing his hands to his temples. Watching the two brunettes smiling at each other from across the table. Bucky leaned his elbows on the table and smirked.
“Do better, Reed.”
“Yours. Ninety pounds or two hundred and forty pounds. It doesn’t matter to me, Stevie.”
Sarah squealed, throwing her arms in the air as she ran across the hallway to embrace the taller brunette. “My boys!” She whispered, as she hugged Bucky tight. “Lost an arm?” She asked, pulling back from her hug, looking at the brunette.
“Oh, trust me,” Toni laughed. “I’ve heard plenty of stories of young Steve.”
They stood in Steve’s art studio a little longer, holding on to the other and enjoying this moment of raw honesty.
“I’m not...” Steve told them as he breathed Toni in, still holding her as if she could disappear any second. “
“Yes. A very good one at that," Natasha injected.
“Thanks for the idea, James,” Toni smirked, as she walked down the hallway.
“He got a girlfriend now. He always wanted a doll.”
“Does he?” Joseph asked, ignoring his wife’s protests. Toni knew the look on Joseph’s face, as she saw it on Steve’s from time to time, he just wanted the truth. Toni couldn’t believe how much Steve acted like his father when it came to family - it wasn’t at all what she had been expecting.
(See the end of the chapter for
He pulled her to his chest, tucking her face softly in his neck. Running his large hands up and down her back. Soothing her nerves, as he whispered how proud he was of her. Over and over.
“Who’s next?” The host muttered, breaking the quiet awes from Steve’s answer.
So lost in the fight unfolding in front of her, Toni didn’t notice the man coming up behind her until he had gripped her left wrist. Squeezing down to the bone, the man pulled his body flush with hers. A cry of pain escaped her lips as he tightened his grip. Whispering in her ear, the man behind her said: “L-let me show ya a-a good time.” Toni could spell the booze on him as if he took a bath in bourbon.
“Yeah, well the Von Doom family isn’t from here. Their money went far when it came to
“Toni... I can’t lose you... I’ll..”
“I’ve lost...
It was the bachelorette party she’d always dreamed of.
They watched as the genius brought her bottom lip in between her teeth only to snap out of her thoughts with a quick shake of her head. “While the idea of being fuc--” Toni smiled at Steve and changed her words. “Being
Steve turned to Bucky, who now laid passed out on the sofa with a frantic Clint hovering over him. Steve’s mind was not able to wrap around the words that just left Strange's lips as he was just now noticing the sudden throbbing in his head. His vision staring to grow fuzzy as Steve brought his hands to the sides of his head, saying: “I don’t..”
“I love you,” he whispered, placing a fierce kiss on her lips, as his hands followed the actions of his lips and moved with urgency, claiming every part of her body they touched.
“No, no, nothing like that. Just after coming out of the ice. With this new body and all...” Steve gestured down to his muscular form. “I’ve realized that emotional connection is what it’s really about for me.” Steve watched as Toni flashed him a comforting smile, her brown eyes were soft and sweet.
“You’re a very handsome man, Steve Rogers,” Toni whispered as if she was lost in the trance that was Steve’s ocean eyes. A smirk drew up the right side of his face and he softly shook his head.
Steve held his test tube in his hand and turned to Toni.
Steve stayed quiet watching the smiling hot dog salesman, handing Toni a large coke, three hot dogs and a few napkins.
“Well, while Lady Stark has wonderful chemistry with the whole team, her chemistry with our fearless leader is the strongest. They are a destined pair.”
“Don’t underestimate Toni!”
“100%, I’ve seen his work, Steven. Overrated, and I know he’s technically post-impressionist but he still counts.”
“As handsome as me?”
“Nobody else is gonna be usin’ it, ya might as well, doll.”
“Makes me wish I could dance.” Steve heard the smaller blond, as he sat in his normal spot, atop the refrigerator.
“Yes?”
“That she is, pa. That she is.”
sorry, this is all--.”
“What the fuck happened?” She whispered to the taller man. The older man just shook his head in response as he stared down at the genius.
“Good!” He clapped his hands in front of his chest and nodded. “I’ll see you tomorrow then, doll.” He kissed her temple once more, then made his way to his own apartment door. Toni standing there in shock at what just unfolded in front of her.
God, Steve knew he had married a beautiful, breathtaking woman. But it was moments like these that he was reminded Toni was everything he didn’t deserve. That he had somehow, by only God’s divine intervention, ended up with the most beautiful, stubborn, perfect woman to ever walk in this galaxy.
The two men turned to each other in shock and made their way into their toasty home. Seeing Toni sitting on the sofa, as their neighbors Daniel and Elisa sat opposite to her, chatting away.
“I promise, your home is safe,” Toni told them as a chuckle fell from her lips.
Toni watched as his face finally fell.
“Steve! You’re alive! By God!” Howard shouted, his eyes wide with shock.
It was a quiet walk down the hallway, and Steve was doing everything he could to not shine his flashlights on Toni’s ass the whole way there.
Toni would be so proud of him for finally joining the Army and she wouldn’t give a rats ass about his new muscles. Though she would probably enjoy that he could toss her around better now, and it would be nice to not have to stop right in the middle of the act so Steve could catch his breath.
“Steve, there's nothing I can tell ya that I ain’t already said." Bucky threw his hands in the air, as he sat down in his leather chair. "I’m awful, I know.”
“Somethings never change,” Natasha chuckled, as they stood to their feet to follow their teenage teammates.
“You’re so dumb, Barnes.” Toni grinned at the long-haired man.
His Pa had called him three times stressing over his Ma’s birthday that was this weekend. Three days away, and everything was planned and perfect, but Joseph Rogers was a worrywart.
Toni’s brown eyes grew wide as she brought her hands up to her face.
“Oh, okay, good. Whew!” Toni turned to face Steve, smiling at him like she had known him for years. Looped her left hand around his arm, like she’d done it a billion times before, and said: “How about we eat some dinner... That sound good?”
“You saved Buck fifty bucks on that haircut,” Steve whispered, leaning his elbows onto Toni’s desk.
The couple stayed cuddled up together any chance they got. They went walking through town every night after supper with Bucky, just enjoying being beside her guys.  Early mornings over coffee as Steve and Bucky got ready for work. Staying up later than they should as they all played cards around the coffee table.
“Are those Steve’s clothes?” Bucky asked, noodles falling from his mouth as he spoke.
“I love you more, Mrs. Rogers.” Toni couldn’t help the blush that rushed her cheeks as she smiled at her future husband.
“I know you do, pal, but she’s safe here. Stop bein’ such a worrywart, she’ll be--.”
Steve nodded his head softly, and kissed her lips, mumbling: “I like that idea..” Steve led the genius to their room as Toni smiled sadly at her good friend.
“You okay?” Bucky asked, the newspaper forgotten from his hands.
Toni rolled her eyes as the words left the doctor's lips. “What’s the plan here, Wizard? How am I getting home?”
“How many languages do The Avengers speak?”
“So, who were you trying to bring here?” Toni asked, as she and Reed looked over the interface of the machine.
A flicker of lust flashed through Toni’s chocolate brown eyes as a mischievous grin appeared on her lips.
“No,” Steve muttered. “Yours always taste better.”
Steve let his fist fly, hitting the older man across the cheek. Smiling at the pride building in his chest as he watched the blood and broken tooth leave Howard’s mouth.
Steve arrived back at their apartment around four o'clock. As he made his way up the stairs to the second floor, he saw Bucky a couple of steps ahead of him.
“One dance," Toni told them as she took the taller man's outstretched hand.
” Toni whispered, taking the distraught man's face into her hands. “This isn’t goodbye, Steven. I promise you.”
“Yes, most definitely. I love working on Victrolas.” Toni told him eagerly. Daniel chucked at Toni as she was obviously interested to get a hold of the music player.
Steve’s joyful smile turned into a frown as Toni pulled away from him.
She could have never imagined something this good, not in a million years.
and he loses the love of his life.
“In your dreams, Wilson!” Bucky shouted.
“There’s my possessive man.” Toni smiled up at the familiar blue eyes.
Toni looked at the smaller man, her vision getting blurry as she held back the tears that threatened to fall. This version of her fiancé that sat before her was so open. He was so emotionally honest with Toni. It had her thinking about all the things she didn’t really know about Steve.
“Anytime, doll,” he told her, his voice a tad deeper than it had been just a minute ago.
“I just wanna be there for you, Steve.
’ signaling the door had unlocked, inviting them into a dark hallway where two more black steel doors were revealed.
“I’m very glad you think so, doll..” His voice dropped an octave as his gaze lingered on her lips. Toni drew a quick breath, noticing Steve's gaze flicker down to her chest and back up to her lips.
Steve whispered.
“Oh! Steve, I’m so sorry!” Toni muttered as she quickly finished buttoning up her shirt.
“Are you guys six?” Natasha asked, picking up an orange nerf bullet off the floor, trying to hide the smile on her lips.
“Nope, she’s ours too. You’re gonna have to learn how to share.” Bucky chuckled as he made his way over to his boyfriend.
Toni watched as Joseph turned his head in confusion, and how Sarah ran right over to Clint, embracing the blond in another of her hugs. Welcoming him to the family.
“Well, don’t rush off before I congratulate you.” They heard that familiar sinister voice.
“He’s a superhero and an artist.”
And with that, he walked over to where Bruce was standing and followed the older man's instructions. Clint and Sam said their goodbyes and were now laying out on the sofa asleep when it came down to Bucky's turn.
“It is true, Steven.” She whispered, sitting up in their bed. Watching Steve’s body language grow stiff and cold. His blue eyes grew distant as he whipped around at his full name leaving the genius’s lips.
“Get off me!” A dark laugh left her lips as she pushed the bigger man away. “Bucky,
fix his Ford?” The man wondered, disbelief written all over his face.
Steve shrugged his shoulders, his lips drawing up on the left side of his face as he thought about the question that had just left her lips. He set his water bottle down onto the table and turned to face the guys.
“I love you... And I promise you, it doesn’t seem like it now... And it won’t for a while, but I’m gonna see you again, Steve Rogers.” Toni wrapped her arms around the smaller man's neck. “You’re gonna marry me, Mr. Rogers..” She leaned in close, nipping gently at his ear. “You’re gonna put a baby in me and we’re gonna live happily ever after...
____________________________
“Very much so, but in all the best ways.”
eft the brunette's lips, breathlessly.
He stood to his feet with a sigh leaving his lips. “Stevie will be home around one. I asked him to come home early today.”
It was a silent walk back into the living room as the two men grabbed their jackets out of the hall closet. Neither man spoke as they began pulling on their coats.
You’re one sweet dish.” Bucky brought his hand to his chin as his eyes danced up and down Toni’s body.
“God, I hate teenagers. Apologize to Toni, and if another word comes out of any of your mouths like that: Sam, I will personally call your mother and Clint... I will break every bone in your body.”
“Do you have to say it like that, Clint?” Steve asked, scrunching his nose up at the man's choice of words.
You knew Steve was lying when he didn’t make eye contact with you as he spoke. But, no one else on the team but Bucky and Toni knew that. All their teammates' mindsets, still thinking about how Steve is too righteous and pure to lie. It made Bucky and Toni chuckle every time.
“Captain, follow me.” Fury told them as they entered the building. “Toni, Clint will take you to Richards.” Toni nodded at her godfather's orders. She ignored the bustle of SHIELD agents running around them and looked up into the empty gaze of her future husband.
“Sweetheart, they’re saying they wanna hang out with just you. They want some guy time.” Toni said, smiling at her clueless fiancé.
“Who said we’re walking?” Toni asked with a smile, ignoring the confused glare from Steve Rogers, she hailed a cab.
“Oh, I forgot about that..” Toni whispered, looking back down at the details Steve had drawn. Her short brown hair, sticking in every direction, he had captured every small detail of Toni’s habit of running her hands through her hair.
Getting no help from Mrs. Stark turned his attention back to Howard. He began taking long, slow strides till he was chest to chest with the smaller man.
“I’m gonna kiss you now,” he breathed.
“Steve!” Toni laughed, stumbling over her feet as she tried to keep up with his fast pace.
And yeah... Steve was probably in love with her, and it seemed everyone in the office knew that except for Toni.
“Monet who?” Toni asked Steve, as she stepped closer to the painting that graced her walls. Her brown eyes soaking in every small detail of her fiancée’s work. Smiling as he got every detail of her 30’s outfit down to the black pantyhose and her red lips.
“Still. It was disgusting, ugh. I’ll never get the image of you pressed against her like that out of my brain.” Bucky shivered in disgust as a small smile graced his lips. Toni just buried her chuckles into Steve’s neck as he held her tighter, exactly like he did when Bucky caught them in the hallway.
your only child! How could you even think that!?” He roared at the older man.
“Can I show you something?” Steve asked softly, breaking their comfortable silence as he smiled down into Toni’s brown eyes. Flipping his genius onto her back.
Toni couldn’t help but laugh at the confidence Joseph carried. Steve didn’t get any of that from his father, he inherited more of his mother’s gentleness.
But, the boredom didn’t last too long because then the United States joined the war, taking Bucky with it.
“I do.” She nodded to the younger man. “Monet is my favorite. But Mary Cassat, Seurat, and Manet are also phenomenal. I don’t know much, but I know a lot about The Impressionist movement. Van Gogh is overrated if you ask me.”
“Hey! Miss. MIT, Mr. Empire State. Shut up.” Clint laughed as he looked up from his phone. “We have a wedding in t-minus three hours and twenty-two minutes. Fix the machine.”
“Here, this might help." The brunette took her seat, placing her hand back over his own.
“Yes, I would love that. I can’t imagine this hold I have you in is very comfortable.”
Steve dreamed of one day dropping to one knee and asking her to be his forever, and down the line eventually starting a family with the girl of his dreams.
“Watch yer mouths, or I’ll toss your asses out of these fancy windows,” Bucky said, scolding the other two teenagers.
Toni turned her attention back to her fourth cup of coffee that rested in between her palms as she listened to the guys begin to discuss their big plans for their guys' night.
“Well deserved, you work way too much,” Steve commented, as his hands ran up and down Toni’s lower back.
“You can say that again.”
“Please, everyone knows you and Steve fuck. The man practically fucks you with his eyes every time he looks at you,” Natasha muttered.
Toni placed a kiss to her future husband's lips, his strong arms snaking around her waist as she whispered: “You’re the only man I wanna marry, Mr. Rogers.”
A couple of hours after the two got reacquainted back in the 21st century, they took a quick nap after snuggling up to an episode of their favorite comfort episodes of FRIENDS, eventually falling asleep. Once they were rested and ready to greet their family, the two showered and dressed, making their way into the living room to see their family gathered around the tv.
“What happened? Is the team, okay?” Toni asked, her heart already dropping in her chest as her head ran through every terrible outcome. “Is Steve, okay?”
“Won’t they just calm down?” Clint asked as he stood to his feet.
The last time he’d seen the chest was when he threw all his sketchbooks in there, about three months after Toni left. He just couldn’t bring himself to draw much a couple of months after Toni left - his main muse was gone. So, his sketchbooks disappeared into the chest.
“Steve,” Toni muttered as she realized her fiancé couldn’t even bear for Toni to hold him, he didn’t wanna show emotions or seem weak, in
Steve was just reminded of how gone he actually was on this girl.
“Really?” He asked, turning to Steve for confirmation.
“You’re drunk,” Toni smiled, watching her giant fiancé trip over his own feet.
“Every time, Tones. I don’t know why you’re still surprised when he picks you up,” Bucky said with a laugh falling off his lips.
“My family is out west and I’ve been gone for well over two months, Steve. My father probably doesn’t want me across the country by myself.”
“Midgard doesn’t celebrate treasured beauty like that?” Thor asked, looking at the confused reactions of his fellow teammates.
Howard Stark didn’t make her or break her.
“That’s not true, Toni.” His broad back and shoulders were toward her as he stared at their closed bathroom door.
“And what’s going on right now?” Joseph asked, turning his attention to the bolted door.
“I’m real glad you think so, doll..”
Steve just grinned as he continued digging through her drawers, on a hunt for those Starbursts.
“We don’t mind,” Steve said softly. His fingers messing with the label of his beer bottle, obviously he did mind.
Not talking to Howard
“Are you okay? Did I do something wrong?”
She heard from the hallway, cutting off the older man's sentence, ripping her from her thoughts.
They made it through breakfast, talking and trading stories of Toni’s time in the ’30s. Mainly sharing about Bucky and Steve and the stupid shit they would get into. Because now Toni was there to actually shed light on the real truth of pre-war Bucky Barnes and pre-serum Steve Rogers.
I just noticed that this chapter is named 'eight 'and it's the eighth chapter. This was not planned, I just pick random phrases or important dialogue and say, 'oof, that's a good chapter name' so, here we are.
“No, it’s not. Steve, I know you. There’s nothing that pisses you off more than disrespect.”
“Take them off,” Toni groaned, her lips still sucking sharp bruises in her fella's neck.
“To-totally.” The brunette dropped her eyes back down to her plate, her fork moving the rice around aimlessly.
” Steve cut in, turning his attention to the two women. “I wanna do
“You want him back?”
“Of course, just don’t do this again. Your residents at the tower are a mess with worry.”
“Yep, you’re my little jitterbug.” Toni smiled up at the super soldier and laid her head back against his shoulder.
“Oh, there’s no need to be embarrassed. Adrenaline is soaring through your veins after a fight, it’s normal.” She reassured them both as she took Toni’s bruised wrist into her hand. “I’m just gonna wrap this up and then let you get to bed. You’ve had a long day, Toni. I’m sure Steve and Bucky won’t mind sharing a bed for tonight.”
She heard his fast retreating footsteps through the door and couldn’t help but shake her head.
“Ain’t she a dream?” He asked, his eyes smiling brightly as he looked back at Toni.
“Who’s going in?” Reed asked, looking between the people in the hallway.
“One?” Steve asked, concealing his inner freak out of holding this much money in his hands at one time.
“I promise,” Toni told her, letting the Iron Man armor close around her body.
“JARVIS is never wrong, what happened?” Clint asked Toni, as she was looking at her holographic screen that came out of her arc reactor.
But his loss was Steve’s gain.
The geniuses shared a soft smile, and then Toni turned back to the machine in front of her. She took one look at the panel in front of her and threw her hands in the air, shouting: “Why the flying fuck are you using a UTP cable when you should be using a VGA?” She turned to Reed, a bright smile on her lips. “You’re the stupidest genius I've ever met.”
“T, if you could, would you go visit the 30’s?” Bucky asked, wonder evident on his face. Toni bit the inside of her cheek and looked to the ceiling, in thought.
“I wanna be Steve and Bucky. I want the shield and the metal arm. Ya know, so I can
“Just the business?” Maria asked, not confident in what she could ask and what she couldn’t.
“Yeah, well. I’m sorry about this, Stark. Ya see I was trying for someone else, and well.” Reed scratched the top of head, flashing the shorter genius a smile. “This happened... You think we could put our genius minds together and put them back where they belong?”
“Yeah, he stepped out to go get us some supper.”
Who was the messiest - Clint.
______________________
“She comes first,” Bucky whispered. Steve nodded his head, knowing Bucky was right - Toni always came first even if he did wanna go beat the shit out of the man who did this to Toni. But, Steve just settled for shooting one last glance at the dance floor before he made his way over to Toni.
“Leave her alone.” Sarah muttered, smiling as her husband wrapped his arms around her waist. “My name is Sarah Rogers, and this is my husband, Joseph.”
“Whatcha working on?”
“Both,” Steve said with a chuckle falling from his lips.
“Thanks...” Bucky muttered as his hand ran over his lips.
And one day, when Steve had the money, he was gonna buy paints. Just like Monet, he was gonna paint what he thought was beautiful and pure. He was gonna paint, Toni.
Four hours till she walked down the aisle - Toni, Clint, Pepper and Natasha were all curled up on the sofas in the living room, hair and makeup done. Their last step was pulling their dresses (suit for Clint) on, hopping in the elevator, and making their way up to the roof of Stark Tower.
“I love you more.”
“Sleep, right after this.” Steve whispered as he picked his wife up bridal style in his arms.
“Toni,” Steve told them. “Lost her leg. Both limb losses are long stories.”
“Perfect..” Steve moaned as he placed soft kisses on her lower abdomen.
by The Statler Brothers. Toni grew to love that song and many more, as it reminded her of Jarvis and Ana’s love. She promised herself when she was eight years old that when she was older she would sing that song to her kids as their lullaby, just like Jarvis and Ana did for her. Seeing this old record player reminded Toni of just that. As soon as she got back to the future, she was gonna introduce Steve to that song, and tell him just how much it meant to her.
“Together.” He promised, leaning his forehead against her own.
Chapter note: There are some threats of non-con in this chapter. If that triggers you in anyway please skip this!
“Ya know, for the longest time I thought it was so sweet for a man to open a door and let a lady walk into a room before him, but after living with you and Bucky...” Toni rambled as she walked into the apartment, only to turn around to catch Steve in the exact act that was leaving her lips. “I realized you just do it to look at my ass.”
“What’s wrong? Why are you sad?”
“No, I haven’t been to the bookstore in a couple of months. I was actually supposed to go the night we found ya in the alley to look for a present for my ma, but... We found you instead.”
“Because Steve’s parents are in my lab.”
“It was. I love dancing with Bucky, especially when it is dancing from you two’s era.”
“Umm...” Steve brought his hand up and scratched the back of his neck as he looked around at his teammates. “I don’t really have one?”
“Love it. Let me just put on another one of the dresses I got today and I’ll meet you two by the door?”
Those two thought the other hung the moon and stars. It was so cute to see how they’d been married for over twenty years and still doted on each other like they were freshly dating.
The way the two colors were so different yet complimented the other perfectly.
“Why, Steve?” Her voice broke as she watched the iciness take over his blue gaze.
“Fucking bastard,” Toni muttered and turned back to the teenage boys who sat on the couch.
Toni made a b-line for the bathroom after she failed to close the broken bedroom door, catching a naked Steve Rogers out of the corner of her eye.
“Yay, art,” Toni cheered, loving the feeling of the deep rumble of laughter that left Steve’s chest.
With that he closed the door behind him leaving Toni to crawl beneath the sheets of Steve’s bed, mumbling: “What a fucking mess.”
Just as Toni was about to tell this man to fuck off, that she didn’t need a man's permission to dance with anyone. Toni remembered where she was and what time period she was in.
..” Strange whispered.
“Yeah, but it’s okay. Stevie kinda collects us missing limb people.”
“Okay,” the genius chuckled. “Making sure.”
“Wait, the boy who’s about fifteen years older than you. Who you always beat in competitions and he was nothing but nasty toward you?” Edwin asked Toni.
“I’d love that,” Steve muttered against her lips.
Toni squeaked.
Steve slid the one to the man, putting the rest of his cash back into his pocket. The admission man took the cash, sliding Steve the two tickets.
She slammed Bucky’s now empty bottle down on the table.
“Little lady, did ya fix that heater?”
“Ah yes,
“You sure?” He asked as he hovered his body back over the short-haired brunette’s.
Steve watched the growing lust in Bucky’s eyes, as more of a playful one graced Toni’s.
“The feeling is mutual, Barnes," Toni spot. "Stop acting all high and mighty like you’ve got this world figured out.”
“Anytime, doll, just don’t steal my stuff.”
” Steve whispered, taking the genius’ smaller hand into his own, grabbing her attention back. Her brown eyes were glued to his lips as she didn’t understand a word that fell off his lips. But by the way, her eyes darkened at his words, Steve knew she loved it.
“That’s why you're my only girl.” Bucky threw Steve a wink, a chuckle escaping his lips as Steve tightened his grip on Toni’s waist and shook his head.
When Toni answered the call from Fury, she should have known something wasn’t right. She should have been out on that mission with the team, she knew that. Stupid, Stark Industries board meetings. Those old bats don’t need her in every meeting anyway, Pepper is the CEO, not her.
Toni and Natasha laid in the spa chairs, cucumbers on their eyes, and black charcoal masks covering their faces as they received manicures and pedicures. Getting the pampering both women hadn’t had in a very long time.
“I’ll survive if I can survive Howard Stark in 2014. I can survive anything.”
“Oh, I couldn’t.”
Or an
“I know, I love it.” And with that, the two superheroes continued to enjoy the hot towels on their legs, the massages on their feet, and the masks on their face. Revealing in their last few hours of being pampered.
His blue eyes begged her to jump in and save the day. But apparently, it was too late for that, because one side of the room had stood their feet, screaming Stoni. While the other side of the room shouted WinterIron and Stucky.
“Bucky, watch your language around a lady, what’s goin’ on--?”  Steve came to a full stop as he rounded the corner into the kitchen. “
She turned around and opened the lab door, and as she grabbed the handle that was when she remembered the ring. If she couldn’t tell Sarah and Joseph about Steve, she could show them.
“Why are you here? Where’s your brother?” Sam asked, hands still gripping the knives.
“Nope, no dicks allowed. Vaginas only.”
Bucky mouthed, ‘smooth’ as Toni smiled, remembering her Steve had said exactly that, not five minutes before she was thrown back into the past.
Steve needed to keep her away from Howard, that was his only task. That was the only thing that mattered now. He couldn’t stop what Howard did to her as a child, but he sure as hell could stop it now.
“So, you like it?” Steve asked, uncertainty in his eyes as his hands did a nervous dance where they joined in front of his waist.
“Buck! Why didn’t ya tell me she was ‘ngaged!” Steve turned back to Toni; heartbreak was written all over the older man's face. “I wanted to marry ya, Toni, I ‘eally, ‘eally did.” Steve sighed, closing his eyes in defeat.
“Let’s bring the trophy home, brother Barnes!” Thor said, rubbing his hands together in excitement. Toni and Nat caught the millionth eye roll from the tiny Steve Rogers and couldn’t help the laughs that fell off their lips.
*****
“Let me see!” Toni threw the shirt into the chest and sprinted across the room to the green sketchbook that Clint and Natasha were flipping through.
“Who?” Sam asked, turning to any of his fellow heroes for a clue of what the gods were talking about.
“Come with me,” Steve told her, standing to his feet. The bigger blond went to throw her over his shoulder in his normal fireman's carry, but instead he turned her so she sat across his shoulders. Her face resting on his left shoulder as her right leg hung off his right shoulder. Her body resting along the back of his neck.
“You’re everything we prayed for,” Sarah said softly, through a chuckle that left her lips.
“He does?” Sarah asked.
“White is...special,” Toni told Bucky as she sat the roses in the center of the table. Steve smiled at Toni and nodded.
“I can and I will,”  Steve stated confidently, throwing his jacket back to Bucky. “I’m not afraid of ya.”
“Don’t be a punk, use your words.” And with that, they both turned back to face Toni.
The two superheroes stayed true to tradition of not seeing each other twenty-four hours before the wedding. So, last night Steve bunked with Bucky on his floor, and Toni with Clint. But, not before Clint got a quick talking to from Steve about letting him share a bed with his fiancée. That of course had Bucky and Toni on the floor laughing as they watched Clint’s face run pale at a threat from Captain America.
“I.. I was wondering if you’d... Ya know.. Like to.. Possibly.. Maybe wanna… Ya know... --”
“What’s wrong with young Steven?” Thor asked, setting Toni to her feet.
“Anything for you, handsome.”
Their flashlights were forgotten to the floor, shining up somehow illuminating their two figures perfectly.
“What Elisa said, adrenaline.” He whispered. “We were both coming down from it, from the high of the fight and I acted on it the wrong way. Toni... I’m so sorry.”
Just as Steve made his way to his bedroom door, he heard Bucky stand to his feet and ask: “You had every right to kick my ass, Stevie. Why didn’t ya?”
“You as well, Sue.” Clint shared a soft smile with his fellow blonde and turned to Reed. “You knew you had a wedding to be at in less than four hours, and you still fucked around with interdimensional shit.”
As their walk came to an end, the couple made their way up the apartment steps. Arriving at the door, they heard Bucky rattling around in the kitchen.
“I’ll be right back, Toni..” Steve whispered, his blue eyes shining with a longing to hold her. His gaze lingering on the distressed brunette before he turned, leaving the apartment.
After several minutes had passed, Steve’s laughter had finally died down and he wiped the tears from his eyes. Taking long, deep breaths bringing air back into his chest. His fianceé sat on his chest, mildly amused at his laughing fit.
“Yeah! They ship me and Toni, Thor and Toni, Nat and me, Clint and I, You and Toni, Thor and Bruce... Anyone you could think of there are people out there who ship it!”
he gasped, wrapping his arms around her waist. Wanting nothing more than to hold her and make sure she was safe.
He stole her lips in a kiss and muttered. “Ya sure about that? With me?”
“I guess we are on babysitting duty, huh?”
A couple of moments passed before Toni felt Steve’s body finally relaxed a smidge. His face leaving her neck, his baby blues meet Toni’s brown eyes.
“Alright, alright sorry, Stevie.”
covered.”
“If I could tell you, I would.”
“Alright... That’ll be a buck. If you can afford it, that is, little fella.” Toni took a deep breath, biting her tongue, trying to not cuss this man out in front of God and everyone in this lobby.
“Pizza?” Clint and Sam suggested at the same time, only to turn to the other boy for another high five.
“I couldn’t say, Stark, you would have recognized the name
“So, do you think you can fix her?” Werner asked, pulling her from her memories of Jarvis and Ana.
But not anymore.
“Oh come on, doll.  I see you over there with those two boys, they ain’t worth squat to ya. Especially that tiny blond, he’s no good for nothing. You’re a gorgeous broad, come on,” the man said, lowering his hands down onto the top of her ass as he brought his mouth down to her ear. “Let me take ya home. I’ll fuck ya real nice, an have ya beggin’ for me.. I’ll make ya forget all about that little blond that looks at ya wishing he could fuck ya --.” That was the last straw. Toni pushed the man back with her brute force. Smiling as he stumbled away from her enhanced strength. Just as he opened his mouth to speak, she smacked him right across the face.
“Sarah, gimmie my daughter!” Joseph laughed, opening his arms for a hug from the smaller brunette.
“Tell that to these damn Asgardians.” Toni chuckled, holding the ticket in her hand.
He heard Toni’s soft voice, as her hands ran up and down his chest. She pulled his face down, to lean her forehead against his. The feeling of her cold skin bringing him back to earth.
“Get over here,” Steve ordered, his voice dropping an octave to a dark stormy growl. “Get over here
Toni dressed in the black and white checkered-a-line dress and applied a coat of red lipstick to her plump lips. Just as she tied the apron around her waist she heard Steve knocking on the door.
“Yeah, definitely couldn’t be in a triad.”
The anger she heard rising in his tone was something she was not used to. She and Bucky had never fought before. While they were both stubborn assholes, they always got along. They were the others' safe space when it came to certain things in their lives.
“Okay?! Steven!” Toni shouted, looking up at the shorter man. “These should be in the MoMA..” she muttered, turning her attention back to the last couple of pages on the sketchbook.
“Can you grab me that one?”
“Danny..”
“Trust me,” Steve made his way across the street, being careful of the few cars that passed. As he approached the flower stand, he saw the lady smile and the older man raise his eyebrows.
“Clint Barton, I will
“James... I know you didn’t do this on purpose. I know...” Toni told him. “I know you better than you think.”
"No," Steve shook his head. "I wouldn't have stayed here if I really meant everything I said up on the Hellicerrier," he said quietly, taking a step closer to Tony. "You were right though, about me, taking care of Peter. Before, becoming this, I had always thought that I never would have a family, and afterwards, there was just the war to think about." Steve looked to the side, his hands slipping down on Tony's arms. "When I woke up, Mary gave me a choice, and time to think. I could do just about anything that I wanted, and there was that option. And then I met Peter, and he was just, he was so amazing, and I swore to protect him with everything in me."
Slight Anxiety/nightmare trigger near the end.
"You look like something's troubling you," Mary commented as she looked at Steve, standing just inside the living room, his arms crossed over his chest. Troubling was not the word she would use, but she didn't know what was going to happen.
Steve smiled at them and slid off the bed, going out to grab the menu from the bar. It wasn’t long before Peter did indeed seek him out. “Hey, Petey,” Steve called out when he saw him walk into the room. “We’re gonna order some food in to the room, wanna help me pick it out?” Peter nodded and walked over, letting Steve help him up onto one of the tall barstool seats. “Going out to eat is fun, but I think we need a night of just eating in front of the TV.”
“Let’s not get too crazy,” Steve said, snatching the plastic spoon out of the air when Jamie let it slip from her hand. She pushed at the container of applesauce and Steve put it down by the plate.
"Aw, hell yeah!" Tony grinned. "Wait, does that mean I don't get a lightsaber??"
"No!" Tony shouted and rushed forward, but the mans eyes were already rolling back, his mouth bubbling from a cyanide pill. "Dammit!"
"I'm pretty sure that's something that can wait, J," Tony said, a small frowned forming though.
“You should get the same haircut as us,” Peter say, trying to ignore a yawn.
"Yes, of course," Tony answered immediately. There was a blue glow in front of him and he opened his eyes.
“Nothing huge, but it explains why she’s getting teeth so quickly,” Bruce added in. “Barely noticeable, really, unless one were looking for it.”
Tony swallowed, letting out a breath. "It would take too long," he rasped out. "I'd have to start over again, and too many systems are down." His head was spinning now, he couldn't focus. How could everything have gone so wrong in only three days?
“He needs to rest,” Strange spoke up, and Steve looked at him, briefly forgetting that he was there.
"I hear that not moving them after they've eaten can prevent that," she said with a tiny smile.
"You have a lot of nerve showing up here tonight." Tony raised an eyebrow. "Can I at least get a reaction from you?"
"Yeah, well, she takes after you." Tony smiled as he straightened in the booth, watching them head for the bathroom. He pulled out wallet to drop a bill on the table, and yelped when he saw someone sitting across from him where Steve had recently been. The man had his head down, face covered mostly by the ball cap he was wearing, and a worn looking jacket over his shirt. He was wearing a glove on his left hand and Tony narrowed his eyes a bit. "Sorry, I'm getting ready to leave, but I'm sure there's another table you can sit at."
"My mom is sick." Steve was pulled from his thoughts by the sounds of Wade's voice. The boy was young, he had just turned 9, barely over two years older than Peter, but he spoke with a confidence in his voice that Steve expected to hear from teenagers. Peter was leaning against Wade's side, looking at Steve, too. "She has bad cancer."
"Mine was a through and through," he said with a wave of his hand, like it was unimportant. "No real damage to my shoulder, small bananas in the long run. Had I known it was coming, I would have actually tried to stop it...."
Unbeta'd as usual, and Marvel owns more than me.
"That's not one of the twins," Wade said, looking at Steve, then down to Jamie.
"J," Tony breathed out. "Scan." A small green light moved down and back up Tony's body.
"I was under the ice," Steve said in a near whisper. Tony's lips parted a little in surprise.
Before Steve could ask anymore questions though, Peter came into the kitchen, dressed in his pajamas, and stood next to Mary, watching her. He clearly remembered that she had promised ice cream, but he wasn't demanding, and waited patiently for his treat.
"Aren't you supposed to be sleeping," Tony said, taking the gauntlet off, placing it down on the table. One of the robots would grab it, putting it back with the rest of the suit.
Tony's eyebrows shot up and he looked between Steve and Natasha. "You want to move our base of operations to DC? To SHIELD's main HQ??" That was out of the question. Tony couldn't leave, and he certainly wouldn't be working with SHIELD looking over his shoulder. At least even more than they were already trying.
The door to the workshop slid open as Steve walked in. He walked over to Tony, clearing his throat a little before putting his hands gently on Tony’s shoulders. “Tony, it’s time to come to bed.” Tony hummed as he started to type again, fixing something that he saw before running the calculations again.
"Through all of that, how did your suit not wrinkle?" Steve asked as they walked out into the hallway. "You were holding onto a less than still Peter, rolling around on the bed, then in the chair. How do you still look this good?" Steve willed himself not to blush at his choice of words.
"I'm beginning to get an idea of what that means," Steve said as a teacher rushed over to the boys, trying to get Wade to sit properly on the swing. Steve glanced over at Tony, the man still slumped into himself on the bench, and he remembered the talk he had with Mary at SHIELD.
Steve’s jaw drops a little as he looks at Peter. He honestly hadn’t been expecting that. He wasn’t sure what he was expecting when Tony said that Peter would be looking for him, and he thought that maybe Peter would be asking when he and Tony would be getting married when he started his conversation. Then he was afraid of what turn it might take when he started talking about Jamie, a little anxiety that Peter might get more jealous than he had initially been. It seemed that Steve didn’t have to worry about that at all.
“You bite your tongue, Barnes!” Tony said with an exaggerated gasp and Steve was choking on a laugh. “Steve, I’m sorry, but you can’t be friends with him anymore.”
"I've got to think about Peter, too," Tony said weakly. They both knew that was a non-issue, Peter adored Steve.
Siblings: None
"But, it's such a rare occurrence," she continued as she followed him anyway. "The great Tony Stark, officially ending his playboy ways, seemingly set straight by the secret love child, only recently come to light."
Steve shook his head. "Not yet, but we haven't been giving it full resources, either. You think there's something deeper to this?"
Tony blinked, then let out a snort, then suddenly he was laughing. "Sorry, that shouldn't that funny, but I'm just picturing you snapping them like taffy." Steve smiled softly and Tony couldn't help but smile back. Tony slipped both bracelets over his good hand. "I'll put the other on the other hand when I get the all clear for this wrist."
Steve straightened up and straddled his bike, slipping the phone back in his pocket. He needed to find a hotel to stay in for the night. He had spent most of the day in this town, and in the morning he would continue on until he felt like turning south. Even though he had only been gone four days, Steve couldn't get New York out of his mind, and a lot of the people there.
"Why wouldn't the bed be safe?" Wade was still in his pajamas, but Peter wasn't with him, so he assumed that his son was still sleeping. Like Tony wanted to be.
"You're both going to be the death of me. Fine, okay, we'll go!" Mary shook her head, smiling a little as Peter whooped, hugging Tony. He didn't even know what was going on, but all he knew was that he was going to some place with his Mama and Daddy, all for Daddy's birthday.
"Yes, sir," Hill said after a second, moving towards the two agents standing by the entrance to Selvig's lab. "With me." They headed off and Fury looked at Mary.
"I've got some fresh apples in the pantry." Tony nodded towards the direction of the kitchen. "And some cinnamon, too. Should be a good time." Tony tried to hide a yawn, but Mary was staring right at him as he did it. "I'm fine."
"You're just dripping with sap," Tony bemoaned lightly. "I mean, it just oozes from your pores." He smiled when Steve laughed. "It's a good thing you ask me to co-parent with you."
Tony turned on the woman, and Steve blinked. He'd seen this level of anger back on the Hellicarrier. Tony needed a break, desperately. Steve could see the cracks in Tony's armor. "First, I am trying to take all the time I can, and if I could I would never let go of my son. If you hadn't noticed, though, this city was invaded by Aliens yesterday, and I was unlucky enough to be a part of that, and that meant Peter had to be with me. So if I could shield him from everything, I would." Tony's jaw was clenched, and Steve could see him trying to keep himself from advancing on the woman.
"-ETA twelve minutes." Of course Steve was already on the line.
"Dancing's not a fan of me," Steve replied, looking at Tony now. "Never could get it down, two left feet and all that."
The Hulk let out an angry, sad, roar, the ground shaking under Steve with the sound of it. And then, a gasp for breath.
"I can't ignore a distress call." Steve announced in his best Captain America voice. "Mr Stark, I must command you to stop your evil water ways."
"Steve, he's going to be coming after you-" Mary started but was interrupted by some shouting from Steve's line. There a couple of pops and the line went dead. "Steve??" Tony cursed, willing the suit to move faster. "How far out are you Tony?"
"Yes, yes I am," Tony nodded. "In fact, I'm at the old Manor, so you already know that there's plenty of room for you here. J's got this place on lock down. So what do you say?"
“Steve and Jarvis teamed up, locking me out of the workshop until I came here.”
Tony frowned when he saw the sixth and seventh song appear, then the songs ended. A knot started to form in Tony's gut. "I already added that song, to the other playlist. Jarvis, who has access to this playlist?"
"Hopefully very good." Tony smiled at him as he slipped into the bathroom.
"I'm not going to help you if you try to get the other guy to come out." Tony smiled, but made a motion of zipping his lips. "And when this is all over, I wanna meet your kid."
“Alright, so not Naveen from
"Wasn't spying," Sam stated. He pointed to a door that was between them. "I came to use the bathroom. Not my fault that you thought the hallway was the best place to have a touching moment with your billionaire boyfriend."
“Are things not going as well?” She tilted her head. “I thought that you guys had been working on a system for call outs.”
“And the best source would be the one that stabilized it.” Steve let out a sigh, glancing over at the bundle of kids.
"Still working on it." His sensors registered movement behind him, and figured that it was just Cap and Widow. He changed his mind when a bullet slammed against his back. Tony dodged out of the way as he turned around and saw four people filing out of the next building, dressed in black, pistols in their hands, but Tony could identify semi-automatics on their backs. "We've got company! Armed, obviously protecting the device."
"I'm actually moving to New York as well," Tony interrupted, and that seemed to shock the older woman. "I have a family house up there, and I can still be close to Peter. Same routine, just a different state." Tony swore he saw a little bit of a smirk on Mr Fitzpatrick's face. "I was actually born in New York, and spent many years there, so I'm sure that I can help Mary and Peter as well."
"Before," Tony told him, looking up at him. "I don't want to risk sleeping in, and not getting up before Peter." He didn't mention that if he tried to sleep, the nightmares would come, and at least after he woke up, he could decompress downstairs. "You should get some sleep, too. It's late."
"Yeah, that's just previews." Tony's hands were moving again, smacking against each other, his mouth moving a mile a second. "This is opening night. And Loki, he's a full-tilt diva, right? He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered-" Tony's stopped, his eyes widening. Steve raised an eyebrow.
Steve smiled back at him. "Lady? Not Mistress?" He asked.
Okay, enjoy!!
"It wasn't nearly as good as its replacement," Tony answered back with a smile. "And people will be able to see it when they get off the elevator, so bonus." Steve smiled and leaned in to kiss him again. When Tony's hand reached for his pocket, he could sense Tony's nervousness. "I, ah, I have a present for you, too, but I don't think it's anywhere near as nice."
Peter whined a little, curling into Tony’s chest, and Jamie started to open her eyes, looking at Steve. “Oh, I know, waking up is the worst feeling in the world. I’m a horrible person, how could I do this to you.”
"Mama!" Peter squealed and curled up when Tony hit a particularly ticklish spot by his neck. Mary laughed and walked over, going to take his hands. Tony smiled and reached over to pull Mary down on the bed.
Steve raised an eyebrow and shifted his eyes to look at Tony. “Blame me for what exactly?”
"'Cause I was referring to your company's involvement in the this latest atrocity," she continued, going on a righteous anger now.
"For you, Sir, always." His Ai's easy reply brought a little smile to his lips.
"Only word I care about," Steve responded, nodding. Dr Banner studied him carefully then nodded.
“That would be the room,” he muttered under his breath as they got closer. He glanced inside the other bedroom and saw that it had two full size beds inside, along with a dresser that no doubt held the TV, and a closet. “That’ll probably be Peter’s room, if Daddy can get him to give up the master bedroom.” Jamie let out a little urgent grunt, wanting to see the action in the room just in front of her, and Steve couldn’t help but obey, walking in the doorway for her to see Tony and Peter on the bed, pillows armed in hands, just as Steve predicted. Steve let out a sigh as Jamie let out a surprised gasp, then a giggle as Tony and Peter resumed hitting each other with said pillows.
"Well, thanks." Tony opened Peter's bag, stealing glances every so often at Steve. The man looked tired, and he knew it was because he couldn't have had more than four hours sleep. Tony himself had been awake all night as well, so he knew exactly when Steve woke up. "Told the boys that they had to help with dishes tonight if I put their clothes away, so that's one less chore for me. But, I think that Peter's going to ask Agent to live with us, as well."
They had both ‘dressed down’, jeans and a t-shirt, sunglasses, and Steve wearing his baby accessory. They had brought a stroller, of course, but they both figured that it would be easier for everyone to just use the wraps and carriers with Jamie, taking turns carrying her and going with Peter on the rides that Jamie couldn’t go on. It was easier to keep an eye on Jamie this way as well, no chances of someone, (Hydra), snatching her from a carrier. Steve was also insistent that she wear a wide brimmed sun hat, along with baby sunscreen. He was a model protective parent.
This chapter is Angsty. Capital A. Hurt Tony for sure, some Hurt Steve. Everyone's Hurt. It's a heavy chapter in terms of things being revealed. I'll put Trigger Warning, for description of a nightmare, but I think that's being generous.
"It is so refreshing to see that the bad guys are getting a little more smart." Help could come anytime.
Unbeta'd, and Marvel owns more of this than I do. Also, all music/movies/tv shows belongs to those that wrote/performed/produced/etc them. I use them for humor and good times.
Tony licked his lips. He was trying to focus on the conversation, he really was, but his mind kept thinking back to what woke him up. He wished everything had-
"You mean down in 'Former-Hydra' Central?" Tony snorted a little. "Yeah. Starting to think that I'm gonna need to add a second AI or something to try and help Jarvis out with all of this."
Everyone is amazing, I keep doing this for you guys! Marvel owns more than I do in this story.
Peter grinned at Tony. "Mama taught me how to hold him the right way. You have to support the head, cause they don't know how to hold them up yet."
"Just the things that you've done for Wade and I over the last year.... I don't know how to ever thank you, Tony." Tony tried not to squirm, uncomfortable, and unused to genuine praise from outside his close knit circle at the Tower. "The offer to live there-"
"Was Howard part of that reason?" Steve asked softly, sounding like he already knew the answer.
"No!" Tony shouted, growling. "You won't touch him!" He had left the voices in the wormhole, had left it all behind, he made sure that Peter would be safe! "I won't let you!"
"That thing is really cool, Mom," Wade said excitedly. "Mr Stark makes them himself, and they're so much cooler than an iPad!" Tony grinned at the statement. Hell yeah his stuff was better than Apple. "He's letting me use one while I'm staying with him and Peter. And Peter's grandparents are there, too, and his Granpa is super fun!"
“Yeah,” Peter said, sounding a little unimpressed.
“What does that mean for us?” Steve whispered, keeping low to the grass and looking for any movement inside the house before darting for some bushes.
Tony jumped up from his roll, reaching forward to get past the shield at the same time that Steve was lunging towards Tony. With incredible aim, Tony managed to get the nozzle shoved between the neck of Steve's uniform and his skin, setting the lock to make a continuous stream of water. At the same time Steve had managed to reach with his own hose, shoving the nozzle between Tony's hip and the belt of his pants, also setting the lock. Both men yelped loudly, (very manly, not at all high pitched), and jumped back, Steve dropping his shield, as they both grappled for the hoses. It wasn't until they were able to get the water to stop that they realized there was clapping, cheering, and laughing around them.
"Then why won't you tell someone about what happened this year?" Mary asked gently, moving a bit closer to his back, but not touching, not yet.
Tony started to mumble Peter's name, and the man assured him that he was safe, telling him to open his eyes. "Don't want too," Tony stuttered out, fear lacing his voice. "Don't want to be back there, can't go back there, can't lose Peter."
"Because, yesterday, and today, was someone else's birthday," Tony answered lowly. "And aliens invaded. They might have lost someone they loved. I don't get to celebrate my birthday when someone else's day was filled with terrible sadness and fear." Steve opened his mouth but Tony was already walking out of the kitchen.
"I should go tell Bruce that we're back." He closed the dresser drawer and turned for the door. "I should probably also check in with Potts, see what the media shit-storm looks like today."
"What about just a birthday party here at the Tower?" Steve put more bacon on the pile, then slapped Tony's hand away when he tried to steal another piece. "You can wait until it's all done." Tony gave a pout and Steve just raised an eyebrow at him. "Or you can have the party at the Manor."
“Because we are real-life superheroes!” Bucky told him, smiling down at the small poster that sat in his hands of a comic-style drawing of the team.
But, just as her hands reached out to grab the book that sat on the other side of the table, she caught herself, moving her hands back to her lap and saying: “If he wanted you to see it, he would show you.”
“Sweetheart, it’s guys' night. You are a guy, you’re invited.”
JARVIS spoke, through her Stark Phone that laid on one of the workshop tables. Toni turned to Reed and Sue in shock, her eyes flashing from the machine to the door.
“No, not just SI. She has over a handful of charities, mostly focusing on water and energy in third world countries. Also, mental and physical health for veterans.”
Toni spent her days going through the neighborhood fixing broken appliances, sewing machines, radiators, and radios. Anything they could get their hands on. Sometimes in exchange for cash, but mainly homemade dinners and clothing.
“Maybe because last time you were here you brainwashed me? Remember that?”
He sat in a black wooden chair at the kitchen island, watching Bucky and Toni dance the Jive around the kitchen floor to ‘
“I hada question... Buck and I were wondering if ya--?” Steve asked, words stopping as his eyes dropped down to her cleavage. “-
“I think Captain America is the greatest Avenger...” Toni told Steve, a smirk on her lips.
As they started their walk home, Toni opened the envelope, her eyes growing wide as she saw ten - one-dollar bills in it.
Toni couldn’t help it as a smile grew across her lips, Reed Richards had never shown any interest in being civil with the younger Stark. But this, this was one of the sweetest things anyone had ever done for Toni.
“So, you’d never date her?”
“Come on,” She whispered, making room in the bed for the smaller man. Steve crawled softly in the twin bed, laying his head down on their shared pillow.
“Deal.”
“Fury Inc, my name is Steve, how can I help you?”
“Give us a large drink and keep the change.”
Like she’d been asking him to since they first became friends all those years ago.
“I was wrong about you, Richards. You are like Daniel. You’re a good man, you just don’t know how to show it sometimes.”
“Hey, Stevie, come back to me bub.”
“There’s tha pretty lady.” The man hollered, his harrowing voice-only making Toni lean closer into Steve’s protective embrace.
“I’m here, you just called me
“Are you kidding me?” Steve looked toward his desk, then back to the starburst in Toni’s hands. “You hid them in
“Wow... You’re beautiful.” Steve stated as if it was a blatant fact.
“Did they ever find... The plane?” Sarah asked, wiping the tears from her cheeks.
Steve would tutor kids some days, and work for Timely comics on the others. Bucky worked eighteen-hour shifts every other day at the mill. So, when he wasn’t working, he spent most of his time sleeping.
“Charities? Why?” Howard rolled his eyes for a second time. “Wasting my money, like she always did on those useless inventions.”
“No, no.” Toni tugged her arm from Pepper’s grip as the redhead pulled her away. “No, let him go all caveman, feral on Toni. Toni wants that!”
“You’re one sweet lookin' dish too, Tones.”
It was at that moment Toni saw the Winter Soldier make his first appearance. Bucky listened as the words left the taller man's mouth. Only to respond with a right hook, nailing him right across the jaw. Toni watched as the four men started to brawl on the sidewalk. Not moving from her spot because Bucky told her to stay there, and Toni trusted him with her life. But, also because she was still in shock of all the events that had unfolded in the last five minutes.
“Expert in Archery.”
Just as the blond took a seat beside Toni, wrapping his arm around her shoulders there was a knock on the door.
“Steve,” She chuckled, running her fingers through his blond hair, her nails slightly scratching his scalp.
“No,” Toni told him softly. Steve flipped around in her arms, now facing the smaller genius.
“Oh.. right.” Steve smiled and kissed Toni’s lips, running his large hands over her body, as if he was burning it to his memory. Steve placed soft, slow kisses down her neck, collarbone, and chest taking his sweet time. Leaving behind tiny bruises of evidence from his lips, electing sweet, sultry moans from his dame’s own lips.
A loud gasp leaving Toni’s lips as she felt Steve’s large hands on her body, shaking her back into reality. Toni blinked, taking in the shattered plate at her feet, and the scrambled eggs all over the floor.
“M... May thirteenth -”
“Hmm?”
“Oh... I.. Toni--.” She heard the panic rise in his voice as her eyes raked over the page.
“Steve, you're not invited, get over it. You can see her after eleven pm.”
They laid in each other's arms, sex forgotten as Steve shared his dreams for his future. He dreamed of being in the Army but told Toni if they were gonna have a family he knew it would be safer to have a desk job.
“Your good looks?” Steve asked, throwing a look of disbelief at his fellow super-soldier.
“It’s not..” Steve whispered, running his thumb delicately across Toni’s cheekbone. “It’s not that I don’t like sunsets... It’s just that if the sun was setting and you were beside me. I’d look at you. I’d always look at you.” Toni choked back a sob as she smiled at the older man and wiped a stray tear off his cheek.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck, as his brain processed the information that had left the god’s mouth. The universe was fucking crazy. A monthly activity in Asgard was gathering in the court of the kingdom to watch two people make love? Just when Steve thought he heard it all, Thor never failed to shock him.
“You should be, he can kick your ass. Flames or not.” Sue said, as she pulled her younger brother in for a hug.
“Will you ever carry me like a normal man?”
“Steve, I -”
“You’re very special to me, Steven.”  Steve smiled and opened the door, greeted by the warmth and smell of their home.
They go to the MoMA, and Steve gets Toni a little gift <3
Fury stood in front of a large black door, pressing his hand against the Stark handprint scanner. The locks made a loud ‘
“Hello. Dr. Richards, ma’am.” The older man said, a very thick northern European accent falling off his lips.
“I got shot,
He tried to be respectful as he could be with his dirty thoughts of one of his best friends/crush/loveofhislife? But the deeper their relationship grew, the dirtier his thoughts got.
“I can, I just got paid. Let’s go. You’ve never seen a Van Gogh or a Monet in the flesh and that’s gonna change today,” Toni handed Steve one of his black jackets as she pulled on his brown leather one for herself. Smiling confidently as she knocked him speechless, his blue eyes raking over her body. Taking in the sight of Toni in his favorite jacket.
“Thank you, Toni,” Steve chuckled into his microphone.
“Titanic!” Sam yelled as Clint stood as Rose did with Jack holding her on the boat.
“Toni, sweetheart,” Steve whispered. “Reed Richards was fucking around with his machines, and he accidently pulled Howard and Maria Stark into the future. We think... about two years before they passed away.”
“It’s true,” Howard spat, a sickening grin running across his bloodied lips. “You are
She saw the bedroom door fly off the hinges as it slammed against the wall. The door handle dented into the drywall, as it hung there - now embedded from the force of the soldier.
“What are we playing?” Sam asked.
Steve’s hands moved sloppily down her neck, to her arms, eventually finding their way to her hands. His eyes grew wide taking in the engagement ring on her left hand.
“Yes, Captain,” Edwin asked as he looked over Natasha’s shoulder at the black sketchbook.“Why does the green notebook mean so much to you?”
“I love you.”
you to get you to talk to her ‘mean’ father?”
“Thank you, Clint.” Sue chuckled and flashed Toni a soft smile, mouthing a quick ‘Thank you.’ As a way of letting Toni know she had heard their quick, friendship rekindling conversation. Toni just nodded her head to the blonde and turned back to Reed.
She sat back down onto the sofa, bringing her hands up to cover her face doing her best not to panic about this whole fucked up situation.
“Agreed. 100%. I’ll have JARVIS send Fury an email.”
“Steve... Bucky and I--."
“What about me?” Clint asked, turning to the redhead.
buddy.”
“Apparently the fans of the Avengers think we have a lot of romantic relationships going on between us. But they seemed to go crazy when Steve stuttered on a question about him and Toni.”
“What is that?!”
“I need you to talk to me. I need you to let me hold
He felt his facial features soften as he saw Toni’s eyes begin to water.
this one you are definitely naked and totally not sweet and innocent,” Clint told the room as Toni grabbed the book from his grip. Her smile grew as she took in the drawing that sat in her hands.
“Toni?” He breathed out, watching the buttons of her shirt come undone and the covered skin under her shirt come into view. Most of the air left Steve’s lungs as he saw a blue glowing light in the center of her chest. “Dollbaby,” standing to his feet, Steve moved closer to Toni, his eyes not leaving the glowing circle in the center of her chest. “Are you okay?” Doing his best to conceal the panic in his voice as he looked at something so foreign, yet oddly familiar.
“Who?” Steve asked, turning his body to face Bucky, Toni’s head quickly falling from the soldier’s shoulder, landing face-first in the center of Steve’s crotch. The bigger man instantly froze, his eyes wide in shock as he tried to remember how to breathe.
“I love you more, future Mr. Stark.”
“Wrapped right around her fucking finger.” Howard huffed, looking Steve’s form up and down with a look of disappointment. “Disgusting.”
“She did, didn’t she?” The older man slammed his hands onto the table. Steve watched as Maria flinched at the loud smack, curling in even more on herself, doing her best to stay out of Howards path.
touch her again," Steve snarled. His voice deeper than Toni had
“I love you too, son.” Joseph patted Steve on the back as the two parted and smiled, pointing toward the dance floor. “Now come on, time to dance with your wife and your ma.”
“Welcome home darlin’, how was your day?” She heard Bucky chuckle as he sat in his brown leather chair, reading the newspaper. Not even glancing up as the genius made her way into the house.
“Too tired for cheeseburgers?” Happy asked, a smile grew on his lips as he caught a glance of Toni in his rearview mirror.
“Toni?” He asked softly.
Steve let a moment or two pass before he sucked his teeth and sighed, knowing Bucky would never hurt him like this, not on purpose. As much as he wanted to scream and yell at him, as much as he wanted to beat the ever-living shit out of him, he just couldn’t - because that wasn’t how Steve Rogers dealt with his family.
“And naked in central park, pretty sure that’s illegal.” Bruce muttered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hi, are you here to tell us where we are?” Sarah asked softly. Toni watched the gentle mannerisms of Steve’s mom, as her blue eyes were filled with worry.
“Oh, come off it, Howard." Steve shook his head, trying his best not to let Howard get under his skin. "Toni has nothing to do with me being here. I just need to know a date to send you guys back.”
“Just promise me when this is over. No matter the time, we will be married today.”
“Steve don’t panic. Miss Toni just pulled you out of one attack, don’t make her do it again pal.”
Toni guessed that was supposed to be a whisper, but it left his lips in a louder tone of voice.
“Promise me,
They were always gossiping, pulling pranks, making fun of Fury, or really everyone together. Toni was always there to help Steve with his computer, or phone whenever he had trouble and that happened more than one would think.
“Come on, dollbaby,” Steve whispered. “Let’s go home.” He wrapped his arm around her waist as Bucky led them out of the bar. No one speaking as they had never dealt with Toni like this before. She was always bright, confident, and full of energy. Never this meek and closed in on herself.
“Honey, I’m home!” Toni hollered, as she walked through the door.
vibranium. I’d be really kickass, and I’d look really hot in their uniforms too.”
“Hi,” Toni chuckled, as she wrapped her arms around the taller man's back.
“How’s that, Miss. Stark?” Steve propped his feet up on her desk, turning away from the front entrance, just watching the chaos of their office unfold. Thor was still jamming buttons on the printer, Bucky chasing Clint around all their desks, Coulson was in the break room, begging the coffee maker to work, and as always Natasha and Fury were nowhere to be found on the third Wednesday of every month.
When Friday afternoon rolled around, they arrived at the train station about thirty minutes before she was set to board.
“Count me in,” Toni approved, climbing off the soldier's lap. “Let's discuss it right now!” She grabbed his hand, to pull him up and out of his seat.
“‘I’ll knock when supper is ready.”
Only for Steve to respond with another kiss to her neck.
“I’ll give you an’ Toni some time alone. I'll go an’ scrounge up some dinner.”
“It’s okay... No worries, doll,” Bucky reassured her softly.
“This should be mandatory. Not that once a week SHIELD training bullshit. Massages, once a week.” Natasha muttered. “I mean we almost save the world on a daily basis; I think we deserve this.” Natasha rested her head in the massage pillow, her red curls flowing down around the sides of the pillow.
Daniel smiled, a knowing look colored his grey eyes.
Steve chuckled at that last line, knowing that Toni had saved the world all by herself countless times. Howard Stark really had no clue who his daughter was.
Who was the prankster in the tower? And much to everyone's surprise it was Bucky.
So, who were they to say no to? Toni and Steve covered the cost of the dresses and suits, just to try and make it fair.
“Me,” Clint said, flipping through the pages.
“That is something I would like to see,” Sam laughed as he looked towards their genius.
“Okay, fellas, dinner is served.” Toni had laid the containers on the table for tonight's dinner and placed the other three in the fridge for meals over the weekend. “Umm, eat,  boys,” Toni said, holding a dishtowel in her hands. She took in the dark glaze of Steve’s blue eyes and shook her head, making her way over to the table to take her seat. Toni was going to eat, they didn’t have to, but she was hungry.
“Company is the biggest and best it’s ever been.”
you were supposed to
“Thank you, Miss Toni,” Steve said with a soft smile.
“Okay, last time without me. When’s the last time you hung out with just the guys?”
“Don’t you ever speak about her like that! Ya, hear me!" The smaller blonds form puffed up as he was protecting Toni with every part of him. "Ya may be a big man, but there ain’t nothing special about ya! Especially when you speak of a lady like that!"
Toni nodded her head and snuggled up beside Steve, wrapping him into her arms, just like he did for her when she was upset.
“Alright, Danny, lead the way.”
“Time and place, Barnes.” Toni laughed.
Toni shouted.
No, she grabbed his hand right before it made contact with her cheek. His eyes staring wide in shock at the events that were about to unfold and the strength his daughter had over him.
“I love it,” Toni told the room. “It’ll look great in the living room unless you wanna take it to your floor?”
“I’ll jump with you.” Sam muffled back; his face pressed into the wood of the kitchen table.
“White?”
“Because it’s
“You sure?” He asked, raising his eyebrows.
With that Steve continued to look through the chest. Watching as Bucky found the old watch his father gave him before he passed away, and the way Clint held the bigger man as he shed a tear for his parents. Toni grabbed the eight leather-bound sketchbooks and smiled at Steve.
"Having a second date doesn't mean that I'm ready to jump into that trap," Tony grumbled, resting his head on his arms. Tony knew for a fact that he hadn't had anything to drink last night for the pure fact that he had been very conscious what he had to drink. When he was out on his first date in many, many years. He'd never admit it out loud, but he had been nervous. Tony had met the man coming out of Mary's apartment building, catching a rare moment when Tony had his hat off, and had been cleaning his sunglasses from Peter's fingerprints. The blonde hadn't said anything about his identity, just give him a little smirk, before stepping forward to introduce himself as George.
"No, but usually couples talk about a long-term mission," Coulson threw in, looking down at his phone. Natasha frowned at him.
"I just wanna finish my work here..." There was that skittish feeling Steve sensed again.
“-but, we seriously don’t have to go all out,” Tony continued, ignoring Steve’s words. “I would be fine with staying home with you. Specially after we just had that long weekend in Malibu. You’re going to spoil me, even though I will never stop you from doing that.”
“It’s my birthday,” Steve said simply.
"It's a shit excuse, and you know it." Tony jumped at the voice behind him, nearly falling out of the chair, and turned around to glare at the intruder. The red-headed assassin gave him a little smirk. "You have to remember that you aren't the only ones who wake up in the middle of the night as well," she told him.
Steve watched them with a smile, having seen nearly every Disney movie thanks to his time babysitting Peter. “You’re putting a lot of thought into this.”
"Are you really that bored, Tony?" Steve asked, sounding amused.
Tony barely heard the words as he looked through the information from the drive. Jarvis had done a scan, and brought forward a folder first. He thought it odd, until a cold knot wormed its way through him. "They have it all," Tony whispered. He didn't see Bruce look over to him, and walk over to look over his shoulder. He saw the copies of a journal with familiar handwriting. "They have Howard's Journals. That's how they got the formula." Tony tossed the tablet on the desk and dropped his head into his hands.
Tony groaned a little, but nodded, slowly, carefully, heading down to the workshop. Ever since coming up to New York he had put a lot of time into updating the old workshop. He basically replaced everything that Howard had, and tried to make it look almost like the Malibu workshop.
"Tony? Is that a Jackson Pollock painting on the floor?" Coulson asked, glancing over to the floor.
Steve’s eyes widened and he almost fell off the bed himself. Mary let out a shocked bark of laughter, then covered her mouth. But her eyes were shining. She nodded immediately. “Holy hell, yes!” She leaned forward, grabbing his face with her hands and kissed him. “That was possibly, the most perfect way to propose.” Phil grinned at her. “Seriously, only you would propose while talking about paperwork, and still make it sound romantic.” She kissed him again, beaming ear to ear.
The moment Tony felt the tip of the scepter touch his head, he lost himself. He didn't feel himself falling to the floor, didn't hear any of Peter's shouts, all he knew was that something was inside of his mind and he didn't like it. Tony couldn't describe what it felt like, it was nothing and everything at once. A force caressing his mind, riffling through his memories, holding him, pushing him down, and ripping into him all at the same time.
“There is nothing normal about Tony,” it was William who answered him though. “But, if it makes Peter happy, I’m okay with it.”
“That boy couldn’t stop singing your praises today!” Mary grinned at him. Tony relented and laid down next to Mary since she had pulled him down. “Telling me about all the things you did with him back at the Manor, and since you’ve arrived at the Tower. You are a good Father, Tony, and I don’t want you to ever think otherwise.”
"Manuel is the rat that lives in your hallway, he's the brother of Joan, who was caught in the trap last month." Every time Tony went to visit them, which was roughly 3 times a month, there was a new trap out, and there was a new rat caught in the trap. "I swear, the cockroaches at the door, they spoke to me last week. They spoke Russian. They were talking about moving out as well."
"Well, he's your kid," Rhodey stated. "And from what I've heard of his Mom, there's no reason why he shouldn't be tough. It's genetic." Tony nodded a little absentmindedly, opening a new file. "Are you going to get some sleep tonight?"
Tony was fidgety. The bad feeling that kept him up at night was only increasing, which made no sense. He had finally cracked the last file, and found a list of coordinates. Jarvis was running them and sending them on to Steve and Natasha. He hadn't heard from Steve in over a day though, and while that wasn't unlike him, he had told Tony that he would call.
Steve hummed and pushed himself closer, kissing the end of Tony's nose. "All because you brought me flowers. You're so cheesy, Rogers." He couldn't help but smile when Steve did. His expressions were contagious. "I don't even like flowers, so, you were right earlier, I'm not a flowers kind of guy. But those one, downstairs in my lab? I fucking love those flowers, because they were picked with me in mind, not bought in a store, and it looks like you just threw them in whatever glass container you could find in the office, because it was the thought of the flowers that mattered more."
“Alright, we can settle this easily in the gym,” Steve said, his attention now back on Bucky.
When Steve's knee brushed against Tony's thigh he couldn't help it when his head pulled back, back arching a little, heat a giant wave through him. They were both panting, and when Tony looked back at Steve's face, into his eyes, there was a sliver of blue around huge black pupils, but Tony swore he saw the blue actually moving in his eyes, swirling like paint in water, flecks of green bobbing to the surface every so often.
Steve growled and went over, grabbing a parachute and sliding into the straps. "I'd sit this one out, Cap," Natasha told him.
"Not with the shackles on," Thor told them.
“It’s good to be back, J,” Tony said, then slid down on the couch, slouching down to let Jamie lean against his stomach. “Hey, Petey, why don’t you show Papa the bedrooms and bathrooms right away?”
"Is he a doctor?" Steve asked, turning and facing the boys. Wade hummed and nodded.
“I don’t like the sound of that, Steve,” Tony said quietly. The cart returned and the doors opened, the two men shuffling on board. “Those don’t look like thru and thru’s.”
Steve looked into Tony’s eyes, hands warm around his smaller ones, and Tony knew he’d see the wetness building up. “He put my son in danger,” Tony whispered, his expression crumpling into pain, to hurt. "If it hadn't been dormant-" Tony's clenched his jaw, pain shooting down. Steve pulled Tony into his chest, wrapping his arms around him tightly.
"No promises!" Tony said with a sweet smile that had Mary rolling her eyes. "Have a good day at work sweetheart!" He waved as Mary stepped into the elevator, answering her phone.
"Tony," Steve insisted, pulling back to look at him properly. "Does this have anything to do with that research Bruce is distracted with?"
“I am far from complaining,” Tony confirmed with a nod of his head. He pushed closer to Steve, pulling the blonde’s hand closer to his side and threading his fingers with Steve’s. “Never knew someone could feel this way….,” he admitted. “I mean, yeah, there’s a certain kind of happiness and joy with your children, I’m sure you know that by now.” Steve hummed and nodded. Yeah he knew that feeling. “But, I’ve got that, and I’ve got a really good relationship going with my son right now, the best it’s ever been. And I’ve got our new baby girl, and that’s, that’s something else. That alone is more than I could have ever for with my life. Then you come along, with all your, Steve-ness, and you just, you spoil me. That’s what it feels like. I’m not entirely convinced that I’ve earned it, or deserve it, but I’ll be damned if I let go of it now that I have it.”
