The man was dangerously approaching withdrawal, John clinically diagnosed. He also seemed sleep deprived which wasn't helpful in the least. Better contact the proper departments while he was here in the office. He might need to be sectioned.
Sherlock's eyes widened at the sound of his name sliding off of John's lips in apparent pleasure.
“Hiii!”
...J-John...ohhHHH... ”
After donning his white doctor's coat, John walked into the supply room, intending to grab a few of the new nicer patient drapes before they all got picked over. He quickly discovered he wasn't the only one in the cramped room.
John smacked a soft kiss on Sherlock's shoulder as they relaxed, lost in their own thoughts and content in the shift their lives had just taken.
-----
Sarah popped her head around the door.
“Is Dr. Watson home?” The young woman countered, pushing her way inside and peering around. Sherlock was taken aback by the woman's assertiveness and allowed her to enter.
he smelt a faint whiff of Sherlock.
Sara motioned for Sherlock to sit and proceeded to tell the morning's tale.
John was torn from his miserable reverie when out of nowhere, Sherlock's body startled, then flinched, and his eyes flew open.
? Let me be. PLEASE
Sherlock howled. There was no other word to describe it. It was fucking glorious.
John tore himself away and stuck his left palm into the path of Sherlock’s ridiculously kiss-swollen lips.
Hamish shot him a sheepish look.
They walked and walked, engrossed in each other and in the warmth of the link their hands made at their sides. Before they knew it, they had made it all the whole way home and stopped outside their flat door.
“Oi, I hate that crap too,” the girl cooed, seeming relieved. “I'm struggling myself.” She absently patted the book besides her. Feathers smoothed, she pulled up the doctor's schedules on her computer and had a look. He WAS rather cute with those hipster glasses.
Those long, flexible fingers that John had seen, just last night, being pulled into Sherlock's lush and hungry mouth and sucked and licked…
Sherlock's voice had ramped up a notch and Sarah smiled indulgently at him.
do that again, yes...” Sherlock all but whimpered. His body locked and his eyes clamped shut and for a brief moment, John stuttered to a halt, half  thinking they both might have climaxed from that incredible accident.
John halted in his tracks. He was less than a foot away from Sherlock and yet it felt like mere inches. Or miles.
Sherlock took a deep breath into his lungs and threw his arms over his head in a graceful yet careless fashion. He arched his long, sinuous spine and hummed low and deep.
please fucking
“You are your brain, John. And your cock just has to convince you that this will be BRILLIANT if you let it. It wants this too, just as much as I do. ”
Sherlock contemptuously plopped down beside John on the sofa. Maybe he thought he could gain back what thought if as “his territory” from John this way.
Sherlock, still stunned at what he read in John's eyes, instinctively reached up and pulled John down and brushed his mouth across John's bottom lip.
Sherlock lost himself for a moment, immersed the vivid sensory burst he had just received.
“No injuries and yes, we are
John moaned his contrition as Sherlock leaned down to lick him from root to tip again, caught the head at the last moment, sucked him into his mouth, and let him slide out again. He leaned back and stroked the entire shaft with his hand a few times, watching John arch and groan as he added a little flourish at the end with a twist of his wrist that John seemed unable to get enough of.
As if conjured out of thin air, The sound of John's footsteps on the stairs rose up into the flat and the man himself burst into the sitting room.
Hamish did indeed beat John to the bar and had saved him a spot at the end next to him. He slid onto the stool and beckoned the bartender over for his order. Hamish was halfway into a glass of red wine and grinned at him wolfishly. John automatically grinned back. It just seemed natural. He took a look around after his beer at been delivered and the first sip gratefully taken.
John saw a brief flash of, dare he thought, concern? Trepidation? Worry? in his flatmate's expression. What the bloody hell was that about?
“I hardly think so,” Sherlock cooly countered. “He had important information and I relieved him of it in a way that he wouldn't realise. I simply used his attraction that he felt for my physical self to ease the way. ”
Translation  *** A pregnant woman should never have to wait.
“Please, Sherlock... ooh Christ, yes ..yesss…Both of us, now... NOW…”
What had happened to the whole “I’m not his date,” and “I'm not actually gay”? This “date” was undoubtedly the interloper from the bakery. Based on the snatches of conversation he had heard and the scrubs the man had been wearing at the time, the detective came to the conclusion that Tall, Dark and Tiresome must be a fellow worker at the clinic. Certainly not a doctor, but medical staff of some sort. The man had said he brought supplies to wherever he and John were going this morning. There he was, eagerly fetching coffee and running his eyes covetously over his best friend and flatmate. Not to mention touching him. He remembered that detail with a dark scowl.
That single word -
Make it stop. Stop. Leave me ALONE! “ He rubbed wildly at the skin of his arm and swung the hand holding the knife around frantically.  “Give me the pills and I can sleep. I can't take anymore. NOW!!! It's trying to kill me! Please just give me the pills…please...” He whined and cried at them.
“Where's the scotch?” John snapped. Sherlock was uncertain if he was being  addressed or if John was simply talking aloud to himself.
“You didn't answer my texts. I was wondering if you were alright.”
“Oi! What were you doing with that paper on my face, you wanker?” John shouted down the stairs.
John collapsed with a whoosh of breath onto Sherlock's chest and long arms wrapped around him surprisingly tightly. Sherlock brushed his cheeks and forehead with kisses and tried to slow his own heartbeat down to a gallop.
Hardly convinced, Sarah quirked her eyebrows at him suspiciously. Sherlock quickly rushed to fill the awkward pause.
“With my tea bags??? Damn it all! That's FOOD, Sherlock! And not only that, but food that is MINE!!”
Sherlock's mouth opened to John's and the slide of tongues met each other and the room was filled momentarily with the sounds of lips sliding against one another and increasingly urgent sounding keens and sighs.
John was unprepared for the ramifications of that shift in motion and tipped his head back in startled sensation. They both groaned mightily as two enshrouded erections met briefly and slid across the other, scalding hot in intensity.
Sherlock barely brushed his lips across John's and then met his dark blue eyes. “Now, I'd like to. Gently, slowly,” Each word was accented with a soft and increasingly insistent kiss.
He needed to stop doing that - making himself second guess the nature of his relationship with Sherlock. There wasn't anything there like that. Hadn't he told everyone within earshot, again and again, that he wasn't gay? That they weren't a couple? Everyone seemed to assume along those lines. Sherlock never seemed to correct anyone on that assumption, oddly enough. He would correct everyone on any other bloody thing, but not that. Why the hell not?
“You didn't like my method for gaining further information from Eric?” Sherlock dangerously drawled. His eyes flicked down the John's mouth and back.
3. The Eyes Have It
Sherlock went back to the open bottle a second time.
Of course
A memory emerged. He had been dreaming last night.
John dressed without even taking a shower or brushing his teeth. He flung himself down both sets of stairs, forced out a cursory goodbye and got all the way to the clinic before he realized he hadn't even gotten breakfast.
“Stand right there,” John growled.
Within barely three seconds, Sherlock found himself suddenly on his back, arms over his head, wrists manacled by one of John's strong hands. John loomed over him menacingly, still wrapped in the bedsheet.
John took Sherlock's face in both of his hands and met his watery verdigris eyes. “I think I just froze up in the restaurant  because I knew I had to explain this.
He waited until he saw Hamish coming back down the hall towards the front of the clinic. He stood abruptly and managed to knock the files out of the man's hands, papers scattering to the floor.
Aw, shit. This was going to be one of those dreams where thoughts can be heard out loud, wasn't it?
He opened the fridge to check the milk situation and was pleasantly surprised to find the milk he bought AND a carton of actual cream, tucked behind the largest bag of carrots he had honestly ever seen.
and kiss me! Jesus, that noise was abso-fucking-lutely pornographic….Now, damn you!!”
Sherlock had his hand on his shoulder and he had been shaking John. Shaking him awake.
“I rather like
He regarded Sarah with a look of stupefaction as she spun on her heel and stalked away from him without another word.
They had both started to gravitate to the sofa in the evenings. Sherlock experimentally draped his legs across John's in a seemingly careless fashion as they read or watched a program. Seemingly careless at least until John started to caress the feet that were now nestled in his lap. The first time it happened, Sherlock sharply jerked his head towards John as he registered the sensation of fingers slowly inching their way along the sensitive skin of the dorsal and plantar aspects of his feet. John's attention was still on the television screen. Was he even noticing what he was doing? It felt nice, he allowed himself to consider. This continued on for a few nights until Sherlock decided further experimentation was in order. That evening, John sat on the sofa first. Sherlock carefully sauntered over to join him and instead of placing his feet across John's legs, he timidly- just for a moment - met John's inquiring gaze and then sat the opposite way.  He placed his head in John's lap facing into the room, grabbed the remote and picked something hastily at random. He both heard and felt John's body stiffen and suck in a startled breath. The detective held his own breath, stilled and after a few glacially slow moments, he felt John’s body relax and his fingers tentatively slide into his hair. Sherlock closed his eyes and blew out a long, heavy puff of air. The fingers felt even better on his scalp than they had on his feet. They eased their way through his luxurious locks, stroking them languidly and in an almost sensual fashion. Without his permission, Sherlock's mouth let out a contented sigh and his head furrowed deeper into the warmth of John's lap. He was faintly aware of the low, husky chuckle that drifted down to his ears as he grew more and more content and comfortable.
Hamish looked pained.
John sipped his coffee appreciatively as he waited. Hamish knew how he took his coffee. He couldn't help but like the man. He seemed simple and uncomplicated. What a switch that was. When the nurse returned, he rose, and they left side by side, not noticing the lanky loiterer who had found a seat hunched at the cafe tables out front, again pretending to be transfixed with his phone.
Sherlock scrambled up as well as he could, tangling his legs in his pajamas on the way. John pulled his face roughly in, teeth clashing slightly, and Sherlock felt utterly consumed by John.
“Obviously,” deadpanned Sherlock as he rolled his eyes so hard he probably could see into the back of his own skull.
“Christ! Sherlock,
Somewhere deep within Sherlock Holmes, a sleepy, shadowy beast stirred. It had not had its slumber disturbed in quite a while now. The ill-tempered projection lifted its head and scented the air. It smelled blood.
John still didn't understand what the hell he had been thinking. He remembered  being in the center of a group of officers huddled around him, lamenting about Sherlock last night. They wanted more horror stories and by God, he hit them with the most appalling antics Sherlock had pulled as of late. One new, young constable nearly got her head handed to her by the pack when she shyly declared how handsome she thought Sherlock was and how distracting that would be to live with.  If she only knew what came with that pretty package, he caught himself thinking. What? Pretty??
to fathom.” He sent his eyebrows into his fringe with a chuckle at that. “I am unbelievably happy to finally start this “US” thing. I'm just so completely knackered and I know you must be too. Come sleep. If that's ok.”
“Ah, John. How long have you been home?”
John with his soft jumpers and marmalade and that pervasive woodsy and citrus scented shampoo from Boots that he bought in bulk whenever it went on offer.
“John, are you at the clinic tomorrow?”
John returned home after an arduous day at the clinic. It was flu season, ergo, the entire place was full to bursting with beleaguered and snot-filled gunge sufferers.
God. Even THAT was a siren call to him now. John squirmed uncomfortably in his seat.  If he was perfectly honest with himself, it always had been. It lured him in, pulling him alongside the perpetually moving whirlwind known as Sherlock Holmes into impossible situations of his own volition. John pinched the bridge of his nose dejectedly and shook his head. This was going to be hopeless. He wouldn't be able to stand it, now that he knew- being so close, and yet so far from Sherlock. He was going to have to move out to distance himself from all this. Just the idea of that made him actually feel nauseated.
John laughed and Hamish cranked his own smile up to an improving 750 watts.
“Apparently quite well, Sherlock. You make for a rather comfortable sleep pillow, it would seem.”
“Yes, um, yes. John Watson.” He stumbled back a bit breathlessly and automatically stuck out his hand to shake the long fingered hand that was placed firmly into his grasp.
“What the hell, Sherlock??” John roared. “That's NOT the way to wake up a veteran with PTSD who owns a handgun!”
“You came in late and must have covered me with your blanket...which I do appreciate,” Sherlock offhandedly threw out. “Did I seem distressed about being cold? Uncomfortable?”
It was definitely time for him to be getting some sleep. John rubbed his eyes with a measure of aggravation and turned to grab the blanket from his chair to cover Sherlock when it happened.
Sherlock snapped back to attention. “Dr. Watson stated that your grandmother was some sort of healer in her village when she was young. Why would she seek medical attention from a western doctor then and more importantly, why one very specific doctor quite a distance from her home?” Sherlock countered Vida acilly.
Sherlock dropped his head and let it rest heavily into John's shoulder. John held him tightly for a moment and then broke the embrace.
of the Work. Part of my existence. My life twisted up inexorably in yours until we were
fucking hell, please
It was a tedious work day that certainly wasn't improved by his lingering hangover. Case after case of stomach flus, allergies, screaming babies with earaches, and the occasional self diagnosed alarmist. John shuffled home, up the stairs, and collapsed onto the sofa. He let his head fall heavily on the back of the padded upholstery and took a few deep breaths in and out. He gingerly sat back up after a bit and immediately saw his laptop. On the coffee table. Dammit. Sherlock must have used it. AGAIN. He just left it there to hibernate or to damn well run down to nothing on the battery, the rude git. Why did he even bother changing his password, he grumpily mused, savagely pounding it out onto the keys.
“No. Not Hamish. If you are going to do this, you need to stop mucking about and
Sherlock nodded emphatically.
How could he do such a monumentally idiotic thing?
‘It’s like a curse,’ he thought, sighing wearily. He was exhausted and felt dirty in a cloying and tooth-rotting sort of way. A shower was definitely in order.
“I am SO, so sorry Sherlock,” he began, releasing one of his hands gripping Sherlock's shoulders frantically to rub his eyes in angry frustration. “You caught me so off balance, I couldn't even think.”
Sherlock sounded vaguely concerned.
John stirred in his sleep uneasily as he became blearily half aware of an intrusion from the waking world. He could almost sense something. Nothing that required his immediate action like smoke or the acrid waft of chemicals from a dangerous experiment downstairs. But something that was just a bit out of place, but good. It seemed familiar - but just not in the usual context, here in his bedroom in the middle of the night...
“Looks like she has a slot open right now - she had a no-show. She's probably grabbing a quick break in the kitchen. It's been ridiculously loco today. Must be a full moon or something. C'mon. I'll take you to her.” Hamish gallantly pointed around the corner.
Sarah, to her credit, hadn't ostracized him completely, but that spark was definitely gone that she may have had for him. They had worked back up to congenial colleagues who could occasionally share a joke, a gentle smile, and a passive aggressive potshot at each other once in awhile.
His stomach did a sick roll.
? How tiresome,” the velvet-over-steel voice rumbled from the hallway.
He brandished it at John and Hamish and started making more demands for pills and anything to
The game was on.
John tucked his head down and touched his lips to Sherlock's forehead, murmuring a sleepy, “G'night, love”. He stroked his right hand across Sherlock's back and let it rest there as he drifted off.
Sherlock, lost in that hesitant confusion, did what he was told for once. John stepped up to him, nearly on top of him in fact and looked up at the curly haired man's CERULEAN eyes and chuckled a bit madly to himself.
Sherlock entered the clinic the next afternoon looking a little less like his usual self. No Belstaff, black framed glasses with no glass, dark jeans, and a chunky white cardigan. A blue Chelsea watch cap covered his curls,  sturdy work boots left over from a case on his feet, and a messenger bag slung across his body. He entered to a press of bodies milling about, some waiting patiently, others, not so patiently. The staff bustled busily and the whole office put off a sort of odd hum.
Sherlock spun around and sharply locked an intense glare at John.
John strangely flushed again and marched upstairs. Sherlock sat indignantly and nearly missed his chair as a thought popped into his head.
Hamish paused, walked to the front desk and gave the computer screen a quick glance.
“Where did you get this?” John defensively shot at him.
Sherlock ran his nails up the inside opposite leg right up to the testicles and John's skin broke out into a battalion of gooseflesh.
John's eyes crossed for a moment as he panted and desperately drew Sherlock's attention to what he now had in his hand.
…” Sherlock crooned and repeated the motion himself.
John changed his clothes for bed, all the while pondering distractedly about the older woman and Sherlock's reaction to her. He WAS a tad overprotective, wasn't he? John smiled to himself. Kind of nice, actually, though he could hardly blame Sherlock for seeing potential threats lurking everywhere when it came to the two of them. He got into bed, eyes growing heavy, barely aware that he was picturing the two of them sitting on the sofa tonight, pressed tightly together, Sherlock working manically on the laptop and John carelessly stroking his fingers contentedly along the subtly muscled top of Sherlock's thigh. A smile tugged at the corners of his lips as he drifted into sleep.
, rubbed his fingers nearly salaciously over his lips. No wonder he had bolted.
infused hand lotion.
“Uunnhhh!!!” Sherlock shuddered and mewled helplessly, totally overwhelmed by the sharp firing of the neuroreceptors in his scalp.
“It means Deirdre,” she quietly forced through clenched teeth, “ That YOU will dial 999 right fucking
Sherlock realized what he had just done. He had just compared Hamish to himself physically and gone right for the throat. How Neanderthal.
“John usually uses that laugh on women he chats up in bars,” his brain distractedly categorized.
“What?” John whined, a little embarrassed by Sherlock's reaction.
The American was taller, had a chin cleft Kirk Douglas would envy, had thinner lips, and lacked Sherlock's warm, spicy beguiling smell.
slipped from his slack mouth as his fingers curled.
John's eyes flew open, mostly in fear that something he'd done that had hurt Sherlock to make him caterwaul like that. He locked first on his face, where he saw his lover with rolled back eyes and half open mouth twitching slightly.  He quickly scanned down the body to Sherlock's pelvis, where his hand was still planted firmly.
“Wait. You must be Jo- uhm, Dr. Watson's flatmate, yeah? Sherlock? I've heard him talk about you. I'd recognize the coat just from his description. He says you hate the summer when you can't wear it. It really DOES suit you though. Quite a handsome picture.” Hamish flicked an appreciation to the line of the coat and to what could be seen under it. He speculatively dragged his gaze back up to the upturned collar and pale neck. He grinned slyly at Sherlock's dangerously arched eyebrow, acknowledging that he knew that Sherlock was aware of what he had just done.
-----
“Ah, you're back,” chirped Sherlock, rising enthusiastically from his languid repose across his armchair.  “Why must you disappear hours on end when I might NEED your assistance at any moment? It is simply intolerable.”
The younger man continued, breath hitching a bit as he locked his gaze on John's again. “She didn't write all that. It was just an explanation. It makes sense now John. I wrote this note. The one that I'm holding right now. Tell me if I'm saying it properly.”
John escaped to the kitchen, busying himself with his self imposed task.
John stopped walking and looked up with puzzled expression. The bar was now in view and he could see Hamish sitting on the less populated side facing away from him. A gin and tonic sat beside him, half empty.
Sarah shut the door behind her as she headed out. Thank God. They had been a nurse short since Josie went on maternity leave. Being a body down, John always seemed to be the one who jumped in to help everyone else at the expense of exhausting himself. He did rather like those evenings after a day like that though. It was as if Sherlock could deduce the heavier tread of his tired footsteps on the steps and would sometimes be in the kitchen, getting the kettle started for him. On the rare occasion, he might even have a cup of tea already waiting. He smiled fondly at that. Then of course, he'd be rudely snapped back to reality by the discovery of a pig carcass thawing in the bathtub or fingernails macerating in a mysteriously oozy suspension in their only measuring cup in the kitchen. Ruefully, John took a deep breath and vowed not to think about Sherlock at ALL today. Just do his job.
He was SO fucked.
made you make them.
He crawled back into the warm bed, pulled up the sheets, and cradled his head in his hands on the pillow.
“Alright, fine. The groom.” John walked to the table in front of the sofa and carefully sat on the flat surface. He tried to objectively view the gorgeous man all but artfully posed in front of him.
As it turns out, once Sherlock had given up on texting John, he resorted to talking to him as if he were in the room for about an hour before he got home. He was quite vexed that John had not brought the container of 40 volume hairdresser’s bleach, level 8 hair colour, boar's hair brushes, and saccharine packets he had texted AND so politely asked the doctor for (according to Sherlock).
Sherlock pulled out his phone and quickly texted Lestrade.
John dragged the palms of his hands across his tired, achy eyes. He happened to catch a glimpse of his watch as he did so. Shit. He was going to be late for the clinic. Epically late, actually,  if he didn't get a move on right NOW. He hauled his protesting carcass up, went through an abbreviated morning routine, and flew down the stairs as quickly as he could manage. The door shook on its hinges in his wake.
John sank back down into the chair and pinched the bridge of his nose dejectedly. He didn't want to even THINK about how oddly satisfying that had felt. Touching Sherlock. Damn damn damn. This day couldn't get any more messed up.
John really didn't think. He just DID.
” John went on, incoherent after that.
Sherlock opened his eyes and drunkenly focused on John's perilously darkened pupils. He slowly let his mouth furl into an evil smirk, dangerously akin to the Grinch after he had stolen the last can of Who Hash.
“Needed the pH of your skin to concoct an antidote for your carotenemia,” Sherlock bellowed back.
-----
“SHERLOCK!” John bellowed. “What the bloody hell did you do to the tea bags, you insufferable git? If I wanted to buy loose leaf tea, I would have done that in the first place!!”
John was floored. HE himself had left it and left it in the most convenient place for the one person who NEVER should have seen his pathetic ramblings. He dropped heavily back into the chair. That would be that, he mournfully lamented. He again hung his head, both hands foolishly hiding his eyes from Sherlock's.
think, and instinctively thrust his hands into the dark, tangled mass of curls above him and let Sherlock invade his mouth. The flick of the tongue across the seam of his mouth was indescribably mesmerizing and John automatically opened it for more. Their tongues and lips clashed, sliding over and around each other madly; probing and teasing as he could feel his heart racing inside his chest. The taste of him, flooding his mouth, and the spicy, clean smell of Sherlock's skin from the vee of his poncy designer shirt was utterly intoxicating. The kiss was clumsy and artless, but visceral and shockingly intense. John's faintly working brain distantly reckoned that he could never get enough of that feeling. He slid his hands blindly down the long, supple back beneath his fingers and hauled him in closer. A knee came between John's thighs as Sherlock regained his balance and pressed the advantage of leverage.
“Oh?” John distractedly inquired while hanging up his coat.
A tall, dark curly haired man in blue scrubs had his back to the door, clipboard in hand, bent over, appearing to be taking an inventory of the gauzes and packs. John paused to allow the lizard part of his brain to roguishly admire the plush backside that was so temptingly poised in his direction. Mentally, he shook his head sharply.
Why did he just get a flash of Sherlock doing exactly that as he stalked out of the room at Bart's in search of his riding crop? John's brain was in danger of system shutdown.
“John, please believe me when I say that you are the only person I've ever even wanted to attempt to let into my life. You have always been different. Special. You accepted me as I am and not as the bizarre anomaly that others saw. I cannot begin to explain my feelings for you, but I assure you, they are very real and very physical as well.”
“English, Sherlock,” John spat out between clenched teeth.
Oh, yes.
John stomped up, poured himself the last of the wine and met Sherlock's eyes for the first time with a proud glare.
Sherlock pulled off a hunk of the bread and presented it to John as if he just expected John to take it straight from his fingers.
So. Annoying cologne boy worked at the clinic. Time to do a bit of investigating.
“Bolani! Oh, I loved these things over there.” John eagerly reached to select a portion, but his hand was suddenly arrested by the sound of paper hitting the floor. He must have disturbed it when he opened the top of the tray. “Another note?” he tiredly sighed. “What did she write to send you off on a wild goose chase THIS time? There was nothing sinister about that last one you know, just some silly twaddle about fruit and lives from a sweet but lonely old woman." It was his turn to roll his eyes heavenward, and he enjoyed it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock struggled on and off the remainder of the day trying to recall the rest of the details of the dream. When he finally ventured out to the sitting room, he tsked at the state of the sofa.
John huffed out a breath and started in.
“John,” his low rumbling baritone implored, as he held the shirt collar a bit more fiercely over the blonde man's nose and mouth. “Do not move your hands anywhere near your face. If I am correct, we have discovered the murder weapon.”
Sarah cocked her head to the side thoughtfully and nodded. “I know you care about him. We all do too,” she added. “Perhaps you should do something about that.” Sarah held her breath and waited.
Sherlock was inundated with a flash of recent memory of entering the bathroom shortly after John had finished a shower. The air was still steamy and humid, heavy with the smell of herbal forest, citrus grove, and just JOHN. He smiled at how he could almost taste the aroma on his tongue and back of his throat now and it both soothed him and made him hard. That smell of John and of.., damn, what WAS it exactly?
John was angry, scared, and actually on the verge of being sick. He couldn't find his stethoscope. His engraved, graduation gift stethoscope that his parents had presented him with after the ceremony. He knew it wasn't a cheap gift, that it had taken his folks a bit of doing to acquire for him. He had faithfully used during his internship and residency and even to Afghanistan back without hardly a scratch. Now it would seem that he left it somewhere in Kensington or along way there or back.
Sherlock frowned at that. He had pilfered the stethoscope from John's medical bag last night when he got home, before he had gone back out to meet the wretched Hamish. Sherlock felt an unexpected pang of remorse and regret for making John worry about the loss of what he had thought was just a simple tool of John's work. He had no idea John had such an attachment to the device and wished belatedly that he had nicked something more emotionally neutral to forward his plan.
John wanted to rip that smirk right off his face.
John trudged up the stairs to 221B heavily from a date night had not gone well. The woman in question was a week off of a long term relationship break-up and John felt compelled to “Aww,” and “you did the right thing,” and “don't lose faith,” at her the entire evening. He had ordered her tea after the meal in an attempt to be compassionate and then felt obligated to stay and commiserate with her as she sniffed, dried her eyes, patted his arm, and thanked him for being “kindly” and for listening. She had smiled wanly and left, sniffling softly.
The silky glide as the two cocks pushed and pulled against each other was indescribable. Unbearable. John was certain he was going to black out when he came. He blearily looked down to watch the gorgeous man beneath him lose his sanity too.
“John! Your language,” Sherlock chided with a pleased smirk.
Inside was a small stainless steel medic’s case packed with instruments and supplies with his initials engraved on the outside.
Sherlock ground his hips into John's and rational thought was no longer possible. John kissed him back ferociously until he felt Sherlock pull on his shoulder.
He would definitely have to remember to thank that nice doctor at Bart's that helped him get into the program before he left for his eventual assignment.
“What an ordeal,” Hamish huffed as the two men walked along towards the station.
“Thanks, Sarah,” Hamish mumbled as he pushed his chair back to leave hastily. He was even more conflicted than before.
Without moving away from John, the noticeably taller man opened his full, rosy mouth (not that John was staring, he just HAPPENED to be looking, just there), and cocked his head at John.
Sherlock momentarily lost focus as his brain was rapidly drained of blood in a mad dash for all hands on deck to regroup in a much more southerly region of his body.
“You are in my debt now, Mr. Holmes,” she mockingly teased, tilting her head at him.
He froze as he did a quick assessment. Four legs.
“You must be Sherlock Holmes then,” she slyly grinned up at him.”I am Vida Alimi. Dr. Watson treated my grandmother for a sprained wrist a few weeks ago. She made him these bolani as a thank you for his fine care.” She pointed to the tray as she spoke. Sherlock gingerly peeled back the cover to reveal the fragrant potato dumplings, still warm under the insulated top. “ Please let Dr. Watson know how excited she was to meet him and that she is much better now.”
“Well, it can't be Dr. Rowe or Dr. Watson - they already have patients now, so it must be Dr. Sawyer, Mr. uh, Lopez,” she squinted at the bookings again and nodded.
“Oh, I feel like
Sherlock tipped his head back gracefully, pretending he was indifferent to the whole situation.
“I'm an idiot, S-sherlock. I didn't know. N-not until just now…”
Sarah couldn't help the small snicker that snuck out.
John cursed aloud in frustration and frankly scared a few passers-bys. He helplessly folded his arms over his head and sucked in a muffled whine.
The stairs passed mostly unnoticed under their feet. They both hung up coats and found themselves facing one another in the warm, familiar walls of the sitting room.
“How long have YOU known?”, he stared incredulously up at the detective, inches apart, and took him in: kiss-flushed, lips swollen and slightly parted, panting, hair disheveled. He had never imagined that Sherlock could even look like that. Would ever WANT to, and no less that HE himself had made it happen.
“Yeeeess, Nnngh. Sooo warm. Is it ready? You try. Please...more.  Yes, oh...Oh, god yes…”
Sherlock nodded and signed happily.
John tore across the street, nearly got himself mown down by a bus and two taxis, their horns blaring angrily. Sherlock's head whipped up at the cacophony and spotted John barrelling towards him. The outright panic was written all over Sherlock's face, but John staunchly pressed on, closing in on him.
Friday afternoon, Hamish sidled up to John and playfully nudged his shoulder.
Ah, yes. Greg had called last night.
“Oh, I'd say you were pretty damned comfortable when I came in,” he snidely said around a mouthful of custard. “You really need to just go to your own room for that sort of thing you know, mate.”
He flopped back down behind Sherlock, spooned his body around the longer, lankier one. He fumbled and yanked the blanket over them and pulled him in tight into his arms.
Perhaps he ought to lay off the lagers for a bit.
John stopped for a moment, breathed deeply, and pushed himself away. He thrust himself petulantly to his feet, dragging Sherlock in a standing position with him.
Their mouths slid together softly. Almost delicately. Arms entwined as they pushed more firmly into each other after those first few moments of blissful initial contact. Sherlock's breath hitched at the warm introduction of John's tongue as it swept across the seam of his lips, gently requesting further access.
? My God, Sherlock, you are an embarrassment of riches! How am I
Sherlock had already solved two cases in record time, both from the sanctuary of his living room, but now he felt strong enough, confident enough to journey down to NSY, as long as John accompanied him. And that, of course, was never an issue.
Lestrade backed up to the sofa and sat down slowly. “That sounds...incredible and ridiculous, all at the same time.”
imagining. I’m so sorry, John. I wish you had told me before now.”
“So did you,” came the lifeless response. Still no direct acknowledgment of John’s presence. “Love, honor, cherish, all that uplifting language...you promised you would communicate with me, that you’d let me in, let me help you, let me be a part of your inner life. That’s not working out very well, is it?” Sherlock finally lifted his head to peer up at his husband. “’Go find someone else’, you said. ‘Don’t I get a say in this?’, you said. Well, John, don’t I?” His eyes were piercing.
A quirk of a set of full lips. “Appropriate.”
“Get up, both of you!” she commanded in her incongruously bird-like voice, and they did. John even helped Sherlock regain his feet.
“So, uh, no case, but you’re dressed up like...” John was at a loss. His eyes couldn’t stop moving, taking it all in. Sherlock, his flatmate and lover, standing there in their bedroom, wearing a loosely-wrapped turban embroidered in purple and gold over his dark curls, some of which were still peeking out from under the fabric.
“Yes, I did,” John admitted, unabashedly. “Do you mind? I mean, I know you don’t understand endearments...”
“HE ALMOST
you wearing white cotton ladies’ underwear. With lace on the top band and legs. They
“We’ve got you, Sherlock. Never fear, little brother, I will
He leaned in and asked, “Do you want to fuck me, John Watson?”
“You all right?” Sherlock inquired, solicitously, as he ceased his downward trajectory, limbs locked in position.
“Only after
personal demons. There’s been precious little tenderness but
“John.”
Once again, John held up his hand, indicating he would handle the situation. His smile had gone from menacing to deadly. Even some of his supporters fell back when they saw it. Most just smiled and nodded. They had heard of this little hedgehog’s ability to deal with people like Whitey and they were glad to have a front row seat.
“Yeah, but having a case while being on our honeymoon is so…
“Go on,” Sherlock whispered, urgently. “
. Started getting
A rush of anxiety rose in John’s stomach. “Is Sherlock all right?”
would be the one to provide stability, to make him happy, to give him a new lease on life. Instead, you’re bringing back
“All right, gentlemen. Pull!” I commanded as we all yanked John’s soul free of its withered casing. The body gave a final wheeze and relaxed as the life left it.
“Well, if you’d put on the sunscreen, like I told you to, you wouldn’t have gotten sunburned and we
John walked over and knelt down before him. He smiled dangerously into Whitey’s face and said, coolly, “Now, my friends here don’t like you and I’m beginning to see why. So, unless you would like them to teach you some long-overdue lessons on manners, I would suggest you start talking. Where did you take Sherlock Holmes?”
Quicksilver eyes bore into slate blue ones as Sherlock solemnly pronounced, “Angelo’s”
, ya know? Nothing to ‘em. But
room had been thoroughly trashed by a mindless rage. Sheets were pulled off the bed, clothing half-pulled from drawers, everything scattered everywhere it had no reason to be. John’s anger and frustration had boiled over at some point and taken control of his rational mind.
have another day here,” Sherlock observed. “What would you like to do?”
John slipped his arms around his dearest friend-cum-lover and stated, emphatically, “You are an embarrassment of riches, my love. You are a diamond mine that I could
miss the chase already, but these new travel arrangements can’t be beat,” I mused, wryly, as I transported myself through the ether. I would arrive long before they did, and that pleased me no end.
“Not at all, Agent Doyle,” Sherlock replied, smoothly, walking toward then like a jungle cat stalking a rodent. “You see, I am here with my
John cocked an eyebrow, a barely-suppressed smile crinkling his face. “So, now that we’ve determined for sure that they
“Don’t! Stop! Don’t! Stop! Don’t…stop! Don’t…stop…don’t…stop…Don’t stop…don’tstop don’tstopdon’tstop…”
Another dry chuckle. “Dear brother, always the crusader. The dragon-slayer rescuing fair maidens...”
HELP! I’M ALIVE! I’M NOT DEAD! PLEASE, SOMEBODY, TAKE A CLOSER LOOK! I’M BREATHING…!
The set of Sherlock’s shoulders relaxed visibly, but his expression still didn’t change.
“Yes, well, while I was on a legal drug high, he sat down beside me, took my hand in his, and compared it to a woman’s.”
of you are out of your minds,” he finally said. He removed a card from his pocket and handed it to John. “Here, this has my cell number on it. Use it if something comes up.” He stared at john as he said, “I’m giving it to
“Seems that one of their friends had disappeared inexplicably, a kind of a ‘regular’ who stayed in an abandoned stone house nearby. They went there to check up on him but were unable to gain access due to a new lock on the door. This
When he finally spoke, his words were carefully measured but his tone was menacing. “John, what is this all about?” When John opened his mouth and attempted to speak, Sherlock imperiously cut him off with a chop of his hand. “I saw what you were doing, John. You were looking at
exhaust. However, I must know,” John’s face screwed up questioningly, “why, exactly,
“Oh, shut it,” John retorted irritably. He kicked the back of the man’s knees and he went down to the pavement with a painful thud, at which point, John delivered a mighty kick to the small of the man’s back, sending him face-first into the concrete. He lay there, groaning, as John leaned over him and said, “Thanks for the workout, mate. I feel much better now.” He patted him on the head and kept walking down the street toward the bustling traffic ahead. He turned around once, to see the ruffian still lying on the ground, twitching. He smiled to himself.
Sherlock grinned and ceased his amorous torments. “Then
little slice of heaven. Did you two
“John? What…I thought you liked…?”
Massive eye roll, followed by a pantomime of pressing keys in his palm.
John slammed his palm on the top of the dresser, rattling anything loose on its top. Sherlock started, finally looking up at John, still chewing his lip delicately. He lowered his phone and rested his elbows on his knees. “You’re demented,” he said, slowly and with careful enunciation.
?” John sputtered, absolutely gobsmacked. “How…”
John suddenly charged forward, fist raised, ready to strike the taller man. Sherlock ducked back but did not retreat, determined not to show any fear in the face of his husband’s rage. John stopped himself before striking, but
John squinted in confusion. “What does that have to do with…?”
Grinning broadly, Sherlock asked, “So, what name would you prefer, then?”
let you know.” Reaching out, Sherlock slammed the door in the agent’s faces.
“I am,” Sherlock said, with a mouthful of potato.
John nodded somberly. “And don’t allow yourself to become the battered spouse, you hear?” He touched Sherlock’s cheek again, tenderly. “You...are the world to me. You and Rosie. Save yourselves from me, because I don’t deserve either one of you.”
you to fuck me for some time now but didn’t know how to
After wiping the tears from his face, John pursued his
Sherlock’s eyes were laughing in response. “Not all at once, perhaps, but, maybe, we could...
one up, Mycroft. Right in the jaw, just like Sherlock told me to, just a little later than I had intended. I notice
John pushed out a sigh. “Glad that’s settled.” He looked up. “What?”
would have.”
“There’s the ship! We made it!” Lestrade whispered, urgently.
of this to your daddy, you hear, Rosie?”
long time. He had just physically threatened the man he loved more than his own life because he couldn’t
“I’m going to have to have a word with Billy later,” Sherlock growled.
is so much more refined. Elegant, even.”
didn’t think they would be mad enough to make a move in such an open place! I apologize, John, and hope that you will forgive me.”
can play at
“Sherlock,” John said, and Sherlock’s head turned back to face his best friend in all the world. “Shut up and kiss me.”
“Yeah, me…too…Up on your knees, love, let me do the rest.”
about him. Not in any kind of personal or romantic way; he’s just a good man, and it upsets him when his baby brother is unhappy. Distracts him from his job, which is far more important than you can possibly imagine. Sherlock led a very troubled life, prior to meeting you. Mycroft hoped that
John smiled crookedly at her, his eyes half-lidded from drink. He
John waved a hand in dismissal. “Scotland Yard approached the case from a new angle and discovered relevant evidence.”
“Oh, Daddy, sometimes you can be
to it.”
“How long have you been awake?” John demanded.
…to…”
“Understand what?” a sleepy voice slurred.
, bringing the half-drunk doctor to his knees. With a curse, he turned around to in time to see Mycroft disengaging his curved umbrella handle from John’s foot. He stepped back and, with thinly-veiled sarcasm, said, “Oopsy!”
“Come on, John,” he said, indicating the side of the bed nearest the loo. John approached and toed off his shoes before climbing in and covering up. Each man laid an arm across the sleeping child and snugged in close. She sighed and relaxed, even as the storm raged outside.
keep missing,” he clarified.
. The white shirt and pants are
John opened the man’s jacket and swore. “Why didn’t anyone mention the fact that this man has been shot?” he demanded as he pointed to the neat bullet hole in the middle-aged man’s chest, surrounded by crushed ribs and a shattered pelvis.
“John, is there something
mention it to you the first time you came to the flat and met Mrs. Hudson. I saw no reason to expand upon it at the time,” Sherlock replied, blandly. He scarfed another French fry.
John just shook his head in amusement as he picked up the phone to dial.
She dropped her arms and moved to the side of the tub, almost nose-to-nose with Sherlock. She whispered, “He said he was going to stall for a while and hope it all blew over.” Her head cocked curiously. “What does ‘stall’ mean? Isn’t that where they keep horses?”
“N-n-n-o-o-o” I moaned, finally managing to gain temporary control of my vocal cords and tongue. Both felt thick as cold beef.
she obtained some sort of perverse joy at his discomfort. How John-like!
Sherlock looked perplexed. “Why? I mean, that’s why I thought you were, you know…going to start
Sherlock nodded and clasped his hands, childlike, behind his back. “Completely.”
hate to lie.” He smiled humorlessly.
sort. He pulled open the refrigerator and was treated to the newest selection of appetizing tidbits: a severed head, a ziplock bag full of fingers, a petrie dish full of something furry (he could have sworn it waved at him), and a loaf of bread.
“Shut up,” John snapped back in annoyance. “Young lady, you could have been kidnapped, or hurt, or even killed out there by yourself!”
“Bastard. I always knew you knew my name!”
Lestrade desperately started pressing buttons, but to no avail. The claxon suddenly blazed. Toby howled.
John and Sherlock grinned at each other. “Our public awaits,” John observed, cheekily.
tried to do was an exercise in power and humiliation.
affectionately. Then he turned and looked Sherlock up and down, smiling. “I’ll leave you like this as a reminder of what I can do to you whenever I want. Cooperate, and I will consider letting you and your friend leave without further damage.” He strolled confidently out of the room, leaving the light on.
Sherlock huffed a chuckle. “You? No. Light as a feather. Just checking I haven’t lost anything important when you took me apart.” He nuzzled his cheek into John’s shoulder. “How’re you doing?”
“Then he kissed it.”
Shaking his head, John retorted, “No. You are depressed and I am your doctor and I will treat you as I see fit.”
Her eyes grew round. “About what?” she whispered, as if sharing a conspiratorial secret.
Sherlock sagged against the wall in relief before someone threw an orange blanket over his shoulders.
, without a
Sherlock looked up from his cross-legged sitting position on the bed, perplexed. “What?”
“You know who that sounded like, don’t you?” still a third officer agreed, sotto voce.
“He was drummed out of the army because he attacked and shot a superior officer ‘by accident’, although there were reports that he was a discipline problem throughout his stay in the military. Dishonorably discharged
John felt a bit of heat rising up in his chest and throat. “
.” He dropped to his knees and sat back on his heels. His shoulders shook.
Sherlock, not just some zombie in a robe.”
“L-love you, t-too.”
There was a muted sound coming from the back bedroom. I turned my head and listened before moving in that direction. At the door, I stopped, reluctant to enter as I considered what I might find there. Would John already dying? Would he be there with a lover, trying to forget me any way possible? I set my jaw and moved through the door. My eyes sought the bed immediately.
“Not the time or place, John,” he murmured, bristling his shoulders against the night’s sudden cold wind.
“Oh, God, no,” Sherlock moaned. “John, you
. I’m a big boy, I can handle myself. I worry more about
I’ve pushed you away in anger and frustration.”
“I love you,” Sherlock murmured, his voice all throaty, like a big cat’s purr.
Sherlock nodded and smiled. “Very much so.”
After he heard his landlady’s door shut and latch, John swung around and looked toward the path his flatmate had blazed to his room.
,” a croaking voice drawled from the well-made bed, followed by the sound of rustling sheets.
the neighbors.”
“Yeah, I guess it
“NO.” Emphatically. “They don’t trust authority. They trust the government and the secret services even less. They trust me because I have ‘street cred’ with them. I was
John sprinted to the bedside, almost knocking the bedside table over in his haste. He grabbed the slender, fragile-looking hand as it rose, shakily, off the mattress, as though the man who owned it might slip away from him at any second. He was delighted to see silvery eyes blink open before searching the room for him.
John asked, “What?”
, who treats me like the babysitter who came with the building!” Sherlock’s neck veins were popping out. “Do you know how galling it is to watch
"Yes, please."
done with him,” Sherlock growled.
Toby howled and shot back.
A little wiggle revealed the inner struggle beneath the blanket. A muffled voice then said, “This.”
. I thought he would either be the making, or the ruination, of you.” He chuckled again. “Still not sure which it is, even now.”
A little more sing-songy, as if being playful, but, at the same time, that concern still lingered in the background. It
The agent stared after the lanky detective and, after a “can you believe this guy?” head shake, he made his way out of the room and down the hall. A few minutes later, a food cart arrived. “Courtesy of Agent Doyle,” the officer who delivered it said.
Sherlock looked coyly at John through his thick, sooty lashes as he explained, “Well, I knew that, ever since we met, I’ve been feeling things for you that I’ve never felt for anyone else, so I started doing research into those areas in which I was lacking data. One of them was, well, what got you sexually aroused, so I would look at the browsing history on your laptop when you were gone and follow the links to see what you liked.”
Now he had a bit of safety line. He knew that Sherlock cared about him too.
He felt his toes catch fire.
“I love you too.”
John pounced on Sarah with a huge hug and draped it around his neck with a face splitting smile.
Sarah knew about hostage situations first hand. She wasn't going to let herself feel as out of control as she had then.
“He seems to have a way about him, doesn’t he?” Sarah remarked as she watched John observing the handsome nurse. “I swear he looks so much like your flatmate, sweeps around like him, then he opens his mouth, and is so clearly NOT Sherlock.”
“There. That took a total of nine days John. Not very self aware, now are we, hmm?”
Hamish gave him the incandescent 1000 watter and the plan was set in motion.
This was a corridor he seldom traversed, but it existed nonetheless.The door opened and the room was carefully lit to guide him to the soft leather theater chairs that faced the empty screen before them. There was a rather annoying sound of wind chimes in the distance and the rustle of the gauzy cloth draped around the edges of the large screen from an unsourced breeze. He knew that dreams held information, albeit rather twisted and convoluted snatches from his subconscious, but something of value might possibly be gleaned from their sometimes far-fetched nighttime presentations. Hopefully it would be bearable.
“Ah. Good. Well, good night then. *Ahem*.” Sherlock blurted out rapidly as he edged his way in an almost hesitant manner towards his bedroom.
Sherlock look relieved. Sarah got up and left the kitchen. She walked by to see if John’s office was empty and accessible - Check. John was courteously walking his patient to the front. She casually re-entered the kitchen.
Sherlock absentmindedly brought the rich spoonful into his own mouth and stood up to pace while he swallowed appreciatively.
“You go put it in the blue supply bag that is sitting on the right side of his desk,” Sarah whispered to Sherlock conspiratorially. “The leftover vaccines and wipes and such are still in there. Put it in deep and he'll think he just stuffed it in there and didn't see it the first go around. I'll go keep him busy up front for a few minutes. Go now. Come back here and I'll tell you when it is safe to leave.”
John forcibly hauled himself into the kitchen the next morning, resolutely refusing to look to see if Sherlock was still sprawled out on the sofa. Water was boiled, tea was steeped. He reached to grab the bread to make toast when a low, gravelly voice breathed into his ear right behind him.
John sunk to the sofa in defeat. He refused to watch a rerun of Gaslight that was on even though he had always loved Ingrid Bergman.
John hardly noticed. He sank into his chair and tried to find a little island of solace in the sea of chaos that was his mind right now. How had he mistaken Hamish for Sherlock really? Yes, the dark curly hair and the general tallness threw him immediately, as well as the similarly rounded posteriors.
John sent two texts that afternoon. One to Hamish and one to Sarah.
John's eyes widened at the words and he felt his mouth part slightly and his pulse rate jump. Sherlock's head lowered ever so slowly towards his. The detective’s lips grazed the corner of his mouth hesitantly before John breathed in deeply, raised his hands to clasp behind Sherlock's neck to bring their lips together completely. Shuttering in surprise and relief, Sherlock's arms wrapped tightly around John to pull him closer, deepening the kiss and allowing the slip of paper to flutter unheeded to the floor.
“I’ll be the judge of that, thank you, “ Sherlock interrupted.
They fumbled out of pants and pajama bottoms, kissing and touching everywhere; their scents intermingled and heated the entire room into one great frenzy of molten desire and need.
“I love you too, John,” he whispered. “This means everything to me as well.”
“C'mon down to the pub, John. There's a few of us here - I'll stand you the first pint.”
How did he DO that? Fuck. He felt his stomach flip a little involuntarily and his cock twitch ever so slightly to the Siren's call that was Sherlock's voice.
Hamish was terrified. He had no idea of what to do and honestly felt as though his legs were going to give out, right there. John was a few feet away, but it might have well have been miles. John was radiating confidence and doing his best to calm the hysterical patient, but even Hamish could tell that things were going downhill at an alarming rate.
-----
John wasn't fooled for an instant, but he was enjoying this little game too much already to abandon it just yet. With Sherlock self-governing his own arms, John leaned closer, hovered his mouth whisper-close to those finely wrought cheekbones.
“You’re here. Put it right there. Mmmm... oh, yes. Right there….”
A week or so passed fairly uneventfully. Sherlock could not glean much more from the vexing note, and was becoming more and more aware of how much John already touched him. Why had he not noticed that before? A hand to the lower back as they went up the stairs, a slide of an arm across his shoulders as the older man brought his tea to him at the kitchen table in the morning. A nudge to an arm with the exchange of a smile.
Any comments, thoughts, constructive critiques or general good cheer and discourse I fully welcome! Come chat!
Sherlock lunged forward, grabbed John by the shoulders and bodily dragged him onto the sofa, slamming his back hard into the cushions along the wall.
Thread.
John's brain drifted to mingle with memories of Sherlock actually acknowledging him. That first night - shooting the cabbie and saving him certainly got his attention. The way the detective had looked at him during their run-in with Moriarty at the pool. Desperate and afraid - as if John really meant something to him….
“Yeah, Same here. I'm staying with some distant relatives while I'm here. Work study for finishing my nurse anesthetists training. People usually call me Eliot - it's my middle name. Hamish is not really a popular or a well known name in the States, though here, folks don't blink an eye at it.”  He turned that chocolatey gaze back to John and for the love of God, winked
John shuffled blearily into the kitchen Sunday morning, yawning to himself. Sherlock was already at the table, peering at a slide set up in his microscope.
Sherlock's eyes softened as he looked at John in hushed awe.
“Whoa, whoa. Get back here,” John snarled. “Why, are you blotting my face?”
“John?” Sherlock called softly to him, almost beneath the veil of sleep.
He shuffled into the kitchen and immediately filled and flipped on the kettle. A cuppa might go a long way to salvaging his day.
Sherlock recovered first and took the advantage of John's exposed neck. He latched onto the sensitive skin and began to kiss and suckle and none-too-gently graze his teeth down into the corded musculature of John's trapezius. John’s eyes fluttered shut and his head lolled against the headboard.
Sherlock huffed impatiently.
John halted mid-expletive and barked, “What the hell? Where do you think you are going, just waltzing off while I'm trying to get through your thick skull and shove some damn sense in there??”
John indignantly folded his arms across his chest for emphasis.
“Yes, John, oh, my god
There. Moral ground found. Control regained.
He locked eyes with his captor with a pitifully pleading glance.
Sarah left that whole statement hanging to see what response it would elicit. She glanced at Sherlock covertly and caught him making the most petulant, horrified face possible for a grown man, yet one that was filing away information and still managed to hold a degree of worry.
John reflexively jumped at the sudden noise.
John swatted at him playfully and then chuckled himself. Sherlock HAD a point he supposed…
“Did you do the seed is a heart bit?” the older woman pressed. “It is always effective. People love a melodramatic image to set their teeth into.”
“The Work appreciates your effort, John,” he called out as he shut his bedroom door.
demanding an explanation as to why the bloody, buggery FUCK Sherlock was half naked in HIS BED.
Sherlock slid his right hand slowly down his own abdomen and right over the space that John could barely make out in the darkness between his legs and groaned deliciously.
It landed face up, revealing just two words written haltingly in the loopy script of the Pashto tongue.
Sherlock cleared his throat and prepared to field questions.
Sherlock slammed the door, took a ragged breath and locked the bolt. He hardly ever did that. Ever needed to. Not against John, at least. He slowly backed away from the barrier as if it was a mad animal that would pounce and devour him if he took his eyes off of it. The backs of his legs hit the edge of the bed and he sat heavily. He folded his body over his knees and grappled his fingers roughly through his thick locks, briefly sliding them down to cradle his face in his hands. Impatiently, he threw himself backwards and flung his arms out by his sides as he bored holes in the cracked ceiling over him with his glare. Without his permission, he realized his right hand had crept up gingerly to his mouth and was rubbing his lips lightly. As impossible as it seemed, he hardly wanted to admit to himself that he could still feel the sensation of John's fingers as he had stroked his mouth. The doctor's body had been so close and warm, smelling intoxicatingly like tea and cotton, and sunshine. The memory made him shiver and shift uncomfortably in his trousers. Sherlock covered his face again in frustration with his hands and rolled his body over to push into the bed awkwardly. An involuntary groan escaped his slack mouth as he searched for more friction.
John shuddered at the frankly astonishing noises and words that had been pulled from the apparently sleep-addled and dreaming form of Sherlock Holmes.
He was ratcheting his neck back more than he seemed to recall usually having to. Sherlock hadn't grown, had he? Dear God, what a wretched thought - like the taller man needed more ammunition to loom menacingly over John's smaller body. His gaze finally reached Sherlock's dark brown eyes and stopped.
A mysterious courier brought two packages to the clinic the next afternoon. The two recipients exchanged puzzled expressions and proceeded to open the boxes. Carefully.
John nearly lost it right there.
“She was a Matchmaker. She helped arrange marriages back when that is what was done. She said she always tried to find love matches, though sometimes that was more difficult, but she felt it was important. That and she's a hopeless romantic,” Vida shrugged with a touch of affection. “I see you got her message though. She adores being dramatically unfathomable. Bloody nuisance most of the time when she gets going.”
“I'm sure you are wondering what I'm doing here, John. I know it was a bit not good to just invade your space like…Um, John? Are you listening…?”
Sherlock's pupils had blown almost completely black. He surveyed John greedily before him then straddled his hips, effectively trapping John between powerfully long legs and very much beneath him. John was frozen in shock and gave no resistance to the new circumstances.
The next morning found Sherlock draped listlessly across whatever piece of furniture he was on like a swooning Regency wallflower. John had stayed out late for him on a work night (1 o'clock) and went straight to his room. Sherlock pretended not notice his return (slightly flushed, probably from the couple of glasses of wine with his dinner and a general reluctance to meet Sherlock's eyes). He was strangely disappointed at the short, “G'nite, Sherlock,” as John climbed the stairs. Sherlock sighed in annoyance with himself.
But that was all. He simply could not remember any more.
he had packed it in his bag after yesterday. He's been tearing the place apart this morning, just in case and had been nearly inconsolable about misplacing it. His parents gave it to him when he graduated from Bart's, you know. He was so worried that he had left it at the retirement home yesterday or on the Tube somehow. He even called the home to see if they had it.”
John rolled his eyes at the memory. It had  involved a fire extinguisher, burn salve and gauze, and a lot of cursing on his part.
“I'll go get us some cinnamon rolls for the road then. Get this over Pulp Fiction style, with our tasty beverages”. Hamish ran his hand across John's shoulders carelessly as he got up to join the counter queue.
, requires a great deal of painstaking care to grow properly.”
His knee ran into the coffee table - that was going to bruise. His eyes reluctantly were adjusting to the darkness as he moved forward. The amorphous shape on the sofa was indeed Sherlock who seemed to be sleeping fitfully.
He fixed his eyes on Sherlock, who seemed to be unsure as where to settle in the room. Knowing his flatmate, he was probably less concerned about John than aggrieved that he had fallen asleep where Sherlock wanted to stretch out and think. Nope. Not happening.
“Sherlock, oh, god
Thread?
“Yep. Yours are much plusher. Why didn't I see that right away?” John wrinkled his brow and looked insulted.
His ejaculate sped the way for Sherlock and with another two pumps, he was there - soaring as he spent all over John's chest and stomach.
Hamish let go of the coat and gave Sherlock a quick up and down assessment. He bent to pick up the papers, and stood staring appraisingly.
John brought both of the steaming mugs into the sitting room and placed one in front of the other man. The paper that Sherlock had been holding between his palms was now unfolded on the coffee table. John picked it up and carelessly inspected it.
John changed into his cotton pajama bottoms and vest and let out a huff of frustration. The trouser legs barely touched his ankles and his sleep shirt was pinching at his armpits.
John wracked his brain for a quick solution.
“I needed a fine filtration mechanism to separate some sensitive particulate I am working with. The fine metal sieve I would have normally employed was unfortunately, unavailable.”
John paused a moment and waited for some kind of response. Sherlock's head dipped a fraction down as if in benediction. John took that as affirmative, drew Sherlock's face down to his, and gently pressed their lips together.
“Unnng, Sherlock, yes….”
It was hand lotion.
Sherlock paused midstep.
Once they had directives, the two responded much more efficiently. Deirdre called the authorities quietly and Hamish began to herd the smattering of early morning patients and the other nurse under the pretense of a threat to the building. It was a sign of the more dangerous times they lived in in Great Britain that they got little resistance from the waiting patients. Most of them had experienced an evacuation drill or had been in a similar scenario before. They grumbled a bit, but followed Hamish out to the sidewalk outside. He left Deirdre with wait with them and went back inside to try and get his things from his locker- like his coat.
Sarah greeted Hamish with a wary smile.
Mr. Chamberlain unfortunately refused to admit he had any sort of problem. He loudly blamed the doctors and nurses for not caring, or not giving a damn and he couldn't help it if he had so many things wrong with him that he needed relief from. They had sent him on his way with phone numbers and website addresses, hoping he might concede to trying them in the privacy of his own home.
that I wanted YOU so much. Physically and emotionally. I just needed that sense of hope - that you
John lifted his nose delicately. That resinous and sweet scent of Sherlock was present nearby. He squinted into darkness and tried to discern the disorienting shapes that leapt out at him as he scanned the sitting room.
“If I
Sherlock perked up immediately.
A very long time.
“But why, if that was her intention all along, did she not come with a note already written?”
“Jealous.”
me?” He turned a confused and heartbreakingly intense stare to John. “How?
Sherlock could hardly contain himself when he circled one last time and then, without warning, painted a wide, wet stripe up John's shaft with the flat of his tongue, twirling at the tip, and sucking it gently before popping his mouth off.
“Oh, ta, Sarah! I really thought I looked in there! I owe you, truly.”
“Yes,” he murmured.
“ I pilfered the letterhead paper and a pen from his desk for her, and she tucked it in the bag when she was done, “ Vida beamed. "She loves Dr. Watson's accounts of your work. It is quite apparent that he cares about you a great deal. It comes across in his words."
, he crossly berated himself. Sherlock didn't do those things. Feel those things. He'd be repulsed by the very idea. John was stunned by fact that that made him feel sad. Sad and very alone.
“And to you, love,” whispered John back as the heavy veil of sleep took them both.
“Boring. The herd could use a bit of thinning. Don’t argue. You know I’m right.” Sherlock pierced him with a pointed smirk and a slightly raised eyebrow.
John didn't, no,
Didn't he JUST tell himself he wasn't going to think about Sherlock today? And what the hell was the bastard doing here anyway, kitted up in medical gear and actually looking  efficient and useful?
Minus the cream, naturally.
With that, the young woman smiled knowingly at Sherlock. “My grandmother thanks you both for the enjoyment of reading your adventures and for Dr. Watson's attendance of her injury. She hopes you both will give this matter due consideration.” She turned and walked down the stairs, shutting the front door quietly behind her.
Oh, shit.
“Humphh,” John snorted with derision as he got his own spoonful of tiramisu.
John frowned at her and admitted he had just riffled through it randomly before. He carefully upended it onto the desk and fished his hand around on the bottom. Lo and behold, his hand emerged with the missing object.
John ignored this as a matter of principle. On the paper was a few lines hastily scrawled in Pashto, one of the languages commonly spoken throughout Afghanistan and the neighboring areas. At least he THOUGHT it was Pashto. He had always spoken it better than read it. John scrunched his brow in concentration as he studied the letter strokes and squiggles. It didn't make much sense.
Sherlock had definitely been on his mind.
Hold on. Go back. How did Sherlock know John was thinking about bodies pressing others against walls..?
“Sherlock, at the risk of jumping in feet first, which I'm REALLY trying not to do, I have to be honest. You showing up here kind of forces the point. You mean more to me than anyone I've ever meet. Ever. And I'm damned serious  about that. You are a home I've never known and we fit. We just do. I can't imagine my life without you in it. I'm asking you now if you'd want to take that further?”
Sherlock was nearly non-verbal with confusion. His mouth had dropped open and had stayed there. It was such a delicious looking mouth too, John distractedly mused.
“Hello, Hamish.”
John hastily removed the offending search from the machine's memory and closed a few more of Sherlock's open tabs. This morning’s weather report was the last one open it seemed, when he noticed it at the bottom of the screen. There was a Google Docs file open. Confused, he clicked it and was greeted with something that made his heart lurch to the depths of his stomach sickeningly:
John's brain went into caveman mode.
Sherlock nodded his understanding and spun around and took a seat with a good view of the inside of the clinic. One optimally away from the front desk. He huffed a small breath at his luck. The silly girl could have asked for his name before she tried to figure out which doctor he would be seeing. That would have meant less intel gleaned about what the other doctors were doing.
“ANYway,” John continued, “I did an Xray - nothing broken, thankfully, bandaged her up,  gave her anti inflammatories, and sent them on their way. Was a bit embarrassing though. She didn’t speak much English, so I tried out my Pashto on her. I hope I didn’t muck it up TOO badly. It’s been awhile,” he apologetically pondered. She HAD looked at him rather oddly at times. "I got that she had been her village's healer when she was in her younger days."
“Me? What do you mean?” John stuttered a bit with that last statement (neatly avoiding the first) and slid a quick look at his shoes before he met Sarah's gaze again.
Sherlock was genuinely perplexed.
*** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ***
Sarah was who he had come to see. She could to be useful in information about the horrid Hamish. He had altered his usual garb so he might be able to observe the interloper without calling attention to himself. Be inconspicuous then as unmemorable as possible usually worked quite effectively.
“Where did THAT come from?” he spoke aloud testily before he could stop himself. This was becoming more and more convoluted.
A movement caught his eye across the street. A tall, familiar shadow stalked away from a newsagent's. The figure ripped open the small package gripped in both hands and was fumbling with a pack of matches.
Sarah mock saluted him and headed on her way out of the office. John stood and beamed for a moment that all had righted itself. He breathed in contentedly and for an instant,
Sherlock had been stymied at the door of the bakery. He couldn't enter without being completely visible to most of the patrons inside and was unfortunately wearing very recognizable outerwear that his quarry would immediately identify. He settled for standing by the propped open door, pretending to text on his phone before entering the cafe. He watched John's broad back at the bakery case then as he went deeper in the cafe to the back bar where he approached a seated man with a Burberry trenchcoat with what looked to be scrubs underneath. A bizarre combination. Sherlock watched with his head turned halfway towards the interior, so it was just a portion of his profile he was risking. John was in profile as well, so Sherlock was able to read the words from his lips as he greeted the seated man.
Sherlock began to haltingly grind out words between strokes and slides of his mouth on John's and down the sides of his deliciously short neck. He punctuated the words with almost an assault to John's skin.
After a few blissful minutes, John kissed Sherlock softly and scooped up his pajama bottoms to give them a quick, cursory wipe-down.
“Great!” Hamish danced away, his arms full of charts. “I'll probably beat you there. I’ll save you a seat at the bar.” Another wink was thrown at John as he bounced down the hall.
John woke with the uneasy feeling of being watched. Opening his eyes, he discovered why. Sherlock was looming over his bed with a piece of litmus paper in his hand.
John whipped his head back now to the sounds of Sherlock now slowly sucking the tips of his dexterous violin-playing fingers in between those full lips.
“You holding up alright, Captain?” She leaned against the frame and folded her arms.
He had been an absolute menace today, playing the part of the flirtatious Lotherio at a suspect's house today with the horse groomer that came in once a week to see to the animals. Sherlock was convinced that the man had seen something important and used his creative and bodily wiles to get it out of him. John had caught Sherlock leaning against and softly laughing with the awestruck groom, a long, graceful arm propped against the wall where the stockier man had backed himself, their bodies almost, but not quite touching. The groom was definitely enjoying every moment of Sherlock's attention, John grudgingly acknowledged. It was innocent, but still overtly sexual and it had just pissed John right off. He remained in a foul mood even once they got home and retired for the evening.
“Dear Sherlock,
“Tell me about where you want to go,” John started. “I've seen a bit of the less savory side of humanity and the world myself.”
were from you - that courier got into one of Mycroft's black cars when he left. Neither one of them would let me see what was in the boxes.”
for that!” Sarah exclaimed. “He
You have let your feelings be known. I can respect that.
When he returned, the sitting room seemed a bit less stifling. A fire danced merrily in the fireplace and shadows flitted coyly across the Victorian wallpaper. On the negative side, it now contained a very confusing, lanky detective. Just sitting there. Or rather lying there on the couch, arms folded across his chest, hands together as if in prayer under his chin, a piece of folded paper held between them. John was paralyzed with a sudden realization. Sherlock had used his computer last night AND this morning, as the evidence of the tabs suggested. Had he SEEN the letter?
Sherlock tipped his head back and out fell genuine laughter. John's face lit up and he joyously chimed in. They beamed at one another and held on tight.
Sherlock then felt another hand rest gently on his rib cage. He twisted his head slightly up towards John and was met with a sleepy half-lidded gaze from the doctor's deep blue eyes. Sherlock smiled at the soft expression and shuddering slightly, slipped his head back down into John's lap.
He shook his head to a bit, cleared his throat, which had gone a bit dry, and turned to the slyly smirking man on his left.
Sherlock darted in and shut the door. He tended to his ablutions and fussed with the tight band of his pajama bottoms for a moment. He had no need for a pep talk in the mirror.
John put his spoon down with a resigned sigh.
John had suddenly been sitting there too; He handed him a cup of the citrusy, floral brew and smiled softly at him.
John, who had been frozen since Sherlock had manhandled his own collar over his face, was glad of his military training. Otherwise he would have automatically panicked and thrashed and swung at Sherlock's sudden move to apparently smother him. He could feel the warmth from Sherlock's fingers through the collar and his body heat from the long line of consulting detective pressed almost against him. John silently cursed the awareness and tried to let his mind empty of Sherlock's closeness.
“I'm your replacement nurse. Hamish Waugh.It’s a genuine pleasure to meet you. Believe me.” With that almost insolent remark, he winked.
“What’s this?” John puzzled rather stupidly aloud as he opened it at the creases and glanced down at it. “This is from the clinic; it’s got our address and letterhead on it.”
“You got me there. I just thought the old gal was playing hard to get when she wouldn't let you into her room. Who knew it was because she was hoarding fuzz balls on the sly. That orange one did NOT like you. Stupid cat.”
“No. John can hardly help the interest others might have in him - he HAS formidable charm and a certain appeal, after all. You all were fortunate he was here in such a situation as today, Doctor. I am gratified no harm came to anyone. I also thank you for your assistance in my own matter,” Sherlock finished vaguely.
Fuuuck.
John walked to his wardrobe door and looked in the mirror. His face was a deep, rich, and impossible orange.
“It was a freebie with the shampoo, “ John slurred.
John stopped in his surprise, completely ignoring the tortured innuendo. “Dinner? I couldn't possibly with the way my shoes reek of cat piss right now. I'd get thrown out of anywhere you could think of. Thanks, but no.”
“So, uh, where is everyone? I thought I was a bit late, actually,” he tried saying breezily.
“John! W-what are you do…?”
“You mean exhorted,” John turned to him in annoyance.
John couldn't stop the “Ahhhhh, fuck, yeah...” that escaped gutturally.
“He seems to save all his winks for you. Besides, Sherlock wouldn't approve. You know he doesn't share.” Sarah gathered her notebook and pens, and pushed her chair under the computer desk. She started make her way to her next patient, a pointed smirk hurled in John's direction.
“Your turn.”
John shook his head and went on to the next patient. Was that just an American thing? The exuberance? The loquaciousness?  It sure as hell wasn't British.
John gasped as if he had been nearly burned. Sherlock's hand felt so fucking good, sliding a blistering path up and down his shaft. Squeezing it and sending little bursts of woody aroma trails of rosemary-scented slickness up to their brains and effectively making them cease to function properly.
Sherlock vowed right there, to never buy anything from Yves Saint Laurent ever again. EVER.
Sherlock pivoted insolently at door and glared at John through cold, half-slitted lids.
He was walking through the door of the restaurant when he got a text. He started to open it when the hostess greeted him and he asked for the direction to the bar. She pointed him the way and he glanced down to read the screen. It was from Hamish.
“Cream? Whatever are you talking about, John?”
Sherlock objected to the loss of that hand in his hair and retaliated by grabbing John's arse cheeks and ground himself up onto John.
He breathed in deeply and attempted to stretch a bit when he realized his legs were a bit tangled up. With another pair of legs.
Pity that HE would be a pumpkin as a result.
John brought his mouth back up to Sherlock's and crushed them together fervently.
!!!!” John’s cock went completely rigid and his eyes screwed shut as he convulsed wildly and pulsed ribbon after ribbon of hot release onto Sherlock's stomach.
John leaned menacingly over the table to get Sherlock to even LOOK at him while he attempted to dress him down.
“First reactions tend to be the most accurate,” Sherlock muttered to John's feet.
A thought occurred to John.
John nodded mutely and continued downward, stopping briefly to suck what he hoped would be a fine example of a territorial mark on that exquisite neck. Sherlock barely stopped himself from bucking up into John and moaning his approval.
John flicked his eyes and thankfully took in that the waiting area was empty. The staff had gotten patients and themselves to safety and the police would be here shortly. Thank God.
“Yes, Grandmother, I did just as you would have.” Vida murmured. She shook her head ruefully and walked over to kiss her grandmother's cheek dotingly. The old woman snorted softly.
“Ohhh, yes...YEssss...Jooohhhnn…”
“Oh, Christ, yes….”
Notwithstanding the matter of John's rather uncharacteristic behaviour this morning.
was he bringing Hamish anywhere NEAR Sherlock. The last thing he needed was deductions that he really didn't want to have to think about. Really.
“Let’s see. I saw a family with a stomach virus, did a few med modifications, and...Oh, yes. A very nice Afghan grandmother and her granddaughter. The grandmother had badly sprained her wrist. Actually, it was quite interesting-”
Sherlock smirked in response.
John slammed the closet shut and headed down the stairs.
“Who? Hamish? Come off it, Sarah. You know it isn't like that,” he countered a bit defensively.
Why did Sherlock do that? Was he so unaffected by John's presence that he could hardly discern when he was even there or not? John dejectedly sighed and helped the lanky man from his awkward position with his knees folded under him on the floor beside the kitchen table.
. Tell them we have a disturbed and possibly violent drug addict and we need assistance. YOU, Hamish Waugh, will get the people here in the waiting area outside as well as Nurse Nan. Quietly. Make something up. Gas leak, whatever. We can't have a potential hostage situation. I'm going to lock down the lab staff. Dr. Rowe isn't here yet, is she?”
Sherlock was perched on his chair, fingers folded in his thinking posture.
As it turns out, Imogene had the gardner put a nice little bouquet of “think of me” flowers on her husband's bedside table before she left on a “spontaneous” trip to Paris. Sherlock imagined she put in the final touches herself - a bit of greenery in the form of poisonous yew branches that grew in the formal garden. The yews began to droop after a few days and started to litter the table with their noxious pollen granules. The compulsively tidy husband either used his hand or a handkerchief to remove the offending botanical mess. He thereby stirred up enough of the pollen to irritate his sensitive bronchial mucosa and thus triggered the fatal attack.
“Yess, Jawwn, yessss… I'm your cock and that would make you.. ooohhh…”
Outwardly, Sherlock leveled a calm looking, undaunted stare back at the man resting on his heels above him.
That was it. He had ruined everything. Sherlock had put his cards on the table and John had essentially shrugged off the entire gesture. Made him doubt what he had seen in John to encourage his action. It hadn't been on purpose, of course, but by not responding, and well, the look of stupefaction he KNEW had been on his face after Sherlock kissed him, the genius took it to mean rejection. Rejection and the horrifying notion that he had been WRONG about something that he had deduced - such as John returning his interest. John didn't blame him at all. He had been a complete idiot, unable to face his feelings for the man and now, as a result, he had made the great Sherlock Holmes doubt his very own brain and stabbed him in the heart for the cherry on top.
He raised his brows questioningly and left the sentence open ended.
Hamish was indeed a bit taller than himself, slim and chisel-faced. Sherlock coldly eyed his curls - frizzy from excessive handling and fussing, he sneered contemptuously. The warm brown eyes were hardly as interesting as his own blue-green ones and Hamish's fingernails were bitten down and marred the long fingers. Try playing Brahms’ Violin Concerto in D Major, Op. 77 on a violin with
He marched downstairs and belligerently planted himself beside Sherlock's lounging form there on the sofa.
“Very interesting,”Sherlock interjected. “You can translate this then.” He thrust the folded piece of paper into John's hand.
-----
He made a slightly questioning sounding noise against John's skin.
Hmm. Had he put on some weight? The front of the garment didn't seem to cross as much over his chest and middle as he remembered.
John took a quick breath and slid his own mouth down that exquisitely alabaster neck, sucking and lightly biting along the way. Sherlock bucked in heady response.
Sherlock's hands stopped and sought out everywhere they could on their journey downward, touching and assessing response and cataloguing all that precious John information that he could with his now hormone riddled mind. He repeated it all with his mouth, working his way down past John's bellybutton, past the crease of his leg, which incidentally made John moan shockingly hard, and down the inside of his thigh.
John watched as a long limb pulsed, a keen nose lifted and twitched as if to scent the the air. A quick flick of a clever tongue wetted that perfectly shaped mouth…
Sherlock bounded up the stairs about an hour later. John was reading the paper in his chair and feeling the satisfied heavy sleepiness of a man content in his domain.
Sherlock rose with a huff.
“Why would she send me a message about growing dates?” John's head start to swim a bit as Sherlock's thumb began to carefully caress the skin in which it rested on. He registered as it slid down to continue its exploration, next resting upon John's lower lip, slowly stroking it back and forth.
Without hesitation, Sherlock compiled and laved the proffered hand with his tongue. John shifted his weight to up to his knees so he was kneeling between those long, sinewy legs.
“You are going out
“Huuumph?”
“Ah, of course. She is a reader of his blog so she knows about my experiments and therefore, those items must have been intended for my use, so quite obviously, he would not notice an addition to them. Clever. “
“Forgive me John, but I am feeling the most peculiar sense of deja vu,” Sherlock stopped, spoon poised at John's mouth.
After some time, Sherlock became abruptly aware of a cool sensation on his leg as John got up from the sofa and announced that it was his bedtime. Sherlock frowned in consternation. Their legs had been side by side - was it the lack of warmth now? No. He recalled that John had touched the top of his leg as he had been working while the other man watched repeats of that ridiculous car show that he loved. Had John left his hand on Sherlock's leg the whole time? Strangely, the leg in question began to tingle a bit with that thought. He had been aware of the placement of the hand while using the laptop, but he did not find it objectionable. How unlike himself. The loss of the extra warmth John's palm had provided now felt empty and almost sharp- like it should just BE there. Sherlock shook his head, as if to physically clear it. “Transport,” he snorted with derision.
John slammed both hands down on the counter and bolted from the kitchen, a muttered, “Just take mine,” thrown in Sherlock's direction without looking. “I've got to get to work anyway.”
He couldn't remember the last time he had actual cream in his tea and it was bloody fantastic.
I attempted to include a picture of "Not Sherlock", but alas, technology refused to cooperate fully. Forgive me. A quick Google search of "Eliot Waugh" can save the day. It's worth the look to see how John got his wires crossed. Rrroww...
John paused. He read aloud haltingly,
“Obvious. I've always known. You ARE an idiot.” Sherlock's voice was muffled with the attention it was giving the spot that John never even knew he had.
Message? Sherlock taken briefly aback by that statement. The note wasn't for John? Think. It was in the bag of lab supplies, but who would know it was not intended for John's use, John a doctor, bag on HIS desk...
“John. HERE. Open.”
Sherlock tried his hand at looking remorseful and contrite. Sarah wasn't quite biting yet and the annoying Hamish was still standing there curiously. Pity he wasn't selling this to him. He clearly could have told the naive man any tired story and he would have been taken in.
“Explain NOW, Sherlock.”
John lifted his head up to meet Sherlock's eyes. He smiled gently and took a deep breath.
Sherlock was still right there in front of him, bread hovering centimetres from John's lips, urging him on.
“Experiment, John, “ Sherlock intoned breezily. “All a matter of perception, you know. I've been subtly altering your clothing for nine days and you did not notice until now. It helps prove the case I'm working on where a woman drove her partner to a mental breakdown in a similar manner. Your help has been invaluable.”
Sherlock dipped back down to gently lap with the tip of his tongue at the sensitive spot behind John's ear he had discovered on the journey downwards to the heat of John's open shirt.
“Apologies, John. I'll leave you in peace,” Sherlock uncharacteristically backpedaled.
John leaned forward, neatly dipped his fingers into Sherlock's cup, and then held his tea-soaked fingers to Sherlock's lips to sample.
“Herbaceous scents, especially. I'm not really certain how it began but we seem to be locked in cycle of mutual olfactory stimulation and reaction. We each seem to be perpetuating it.”
Sherlock turned his own, albeit fake, dazzling smile on the interloper. Time to get back to business.
With a huff of irritation, Sherlock lunged down right into that face, grabbed his shoulders roughly, and with no finesse whatsoever, crushed his lips to John's. John, startled beyond belief, reared back and Sherlock chased and followed, towering over him, effectively pinning him to the chair.
“Ohhh, yes...YEssss...Jooohhhnn…”
Sarah took a deep breath and motioned him to sit.
Sherlock pulled back and met John's gaze a second time.
That earned him a surprised gasp from John that transmitted straight to Sherlock's groin like pure sodium being introduced to a beaker of water - excruciatingly volatile and intense.
“Hi, John!” Hamish had only a 500 watter for John this morning.
John grinned slowly. It was an evil sort of grin and it made Sherlock's hair stand on end. John slid the hand that had been tangled in curls down his neck and gently across the narrow expanse of Sherlock's clavicle towards his sternum.
Vida shrugged. “She really wanted to meet him, size him up. Besides, she knew that the paper from the clinic would intrigue YOU. It was a quick decision that worked. Obviously.” Sherlock could tell she enjoyed throwing his word back at him.
Sherlock set his face very blandly. “I think her note was quite thought-provoking actually, he flatly commented, not looking at John directly as he spoke. That set John's alarm bells ringing again. He bent at the waist and handed the paper from the floor to Sherlock cautiously.
His voice wavered a touch.
John was still lounging comfortably under the sheets when he returned. Sherlock knelt carefully, a knee at a time on the bed and leaned forward as John sat up to meet him.
“A healer?” she scoffed. “Where did you get such an idea?”
*** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ***
John lifted the beautiful bowed head with his hand, just as Sherlock had done to him in the restaurant.
Then in English.” You hold a lives, no, um, life in your hands. Water, tend and care for it, and love will be the fruit.” He faltered. “Love? That can't be right. She must have slipped this in my bag while I was out checking the results of her x-ray. But why, Sherlock? I'm a doctor, I suppose I do that, in an abstract way, sort of, tending, minding...” John started and trailed off uncertainly. “Love and fruit? What the hell is THAT about?” He looked up inquiringly to the taller man, but was too late.  No answer would be immediately forthcoming. Sherlock was the proverbial shark scenting blood on the water as he eagerly commandeered John's laptop and flopped himself in that elegant way he did, onto the sofa, fingers already flying across the keys.
Sherlock shifted on the sofa onto his side, head supported by a hand in those thick, luxurious curls. He really shouldn't have. It was sort of gilding the lily in that position. John groaned quietly to himself.
Hamish closed the file and called out the next patient.
had made the mess. The cushions were askew and John's plaid blanket was a twisted and rumpled wadded-up ball on the floor. He scooped it up, gave it a flick of his wrists to straighten it, and then froze upon inspection.
Sherlock sniffed delicately and deigned to meet John's murderous glare.
something of John's and neglected to get it back in his bag in time before he left this morning.”
Mrs. Greene gratefully handed over the bag, and flashed Hamish a genuinely thankful expression.
“I was trying to get you to understand something I have observed about the two of us,” he started again.
Sherlock was stupefied to find he was met with bare skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
John felt like he had these pep talks with himself daily. It was really starting to wear on him.
Before Sherlock could finish his stunned statement, John leaned in, their noses almost touching.
Sarah stared at Sherlock's face.
“Well??” barked Sherlock. “What does it say?” He had that jumpy, ill at ease quality about him now that he had been forced to wait.
“Oh, I'm so sorry,” Hamish grabbed Sherlock's shoulders to steady him. “Are you alright? I was a little distracted there. I'm a bit unsteady today, I'm afraid.” He laughed self deprecatingly.
Rosemary. Sherlock's body wash. John inhaled deeply and let his mind wander and free associate a bit. Rosemary - Clean. Woodsy. Crisp. A tad mysterious. The smell made his skin prickle in odd, edgy anticipation. It suited the man well. It garnered response. No, more than that. DEMANDED it. Far be it from John to resist in the face of such a heavily armoured adversary, it would seem.
Hamish straightened a bit on his bar stool and smiled. “I'm finishing my certification to be a nurse anesthetist. Bart's has a program that funnels medical personnel to humanitarian organizations around the world and that's what brought me here, That and the fact that I have some family I can sponge off of.” He paused and took a sip from the glass he was toying with again. “I can get my certification and have a clear path to join Doctors Without Borders. You wouldn't believe how competitive it is to be involved in medical humanitarian work. Luckily, I speak French, which is really in high demand -  Arabic is the other one they want. The NHS is obligated by the EU to send a certain percentage of medical personnel to help aid groups, so I enlisted, as it were. I guess it's like signing up for the military on work study. They didn't care that I was American to be in the program, so they get to exploit me a bit and use me a while I'm here to fill in for warm bodies within their system. So, here I am. Lucky you, Dr. Watson.”
Sherlock frowned at the retreating back of his flatmate. This morning was proving to be most unusual.
John felt the low pulse of his stomach flopping and the flutter of his heart in his throat.
“Oh, very well. It's for Mummy. She is vehemently opposed to wearing reading glasses and asked for my assistance. The cream made an ideal substrate for the beta carotene solution. Beta carotene, as you well know, is vital in eye health and visual accuity. There. It won't happen again, I assure you.”
He met Mrs. Hudson on the his way up the stairs.
. That you could pay attention to me, be affectionate, and to even
John reached Sherlock's side, batted the cigarettes out of his hands, and yanked him over to the opening of an alleyway immediately behind them. He dragged him inside the relative privacy of the brick-lined corridor and pushed the visibly agitated man against one of the walls.
Sherlock rolled his body wantonly again and drew one arm across his t-shirt clad chest with a feathery touch.
“Do you have anything for me, John?”
“Sherlock, you don't EVER act that way again with suspects, or anyone, actually. Do you hear me?” John’s voice shook a bit upon delivery, but the effect still seemed damned good.
“Hey, where's my box?” he teasingly prodded Sherlock's shoulder. “Those two both got presents that I
yes. Holy shit, do it... Just, go slow. Whatever you want. Everything we've done so far has driven me crazy, you know. Because it's you. I'm getting close just thinking about it now…”
“What does it say then? I know you opened it and looked up what it says without me already. And what was so amazing about the first one anyway?” John folded his arms across his chest and waited warily. Sherlock slowly stood to take the offered paper. He stepped into John's space, and without consulting the note in his hand, started to speak.
? John, I've been yours from the very beginning. Even before I was aware of it. I always belittled the thought of a relationship with anyone. How it would interfere with the Work, how I had
Sarah smiled and made herself another cup of tea.
“Problem?”
“You didn't hear? We had quite an incident earlier - the police had to be involved. John is fine. We all had a fright, but as a group, we decided to push through today. Stiff upper lip and all that.” Sarah tittered at her own joke.
The two locked in on each other for a long moment. Hamish drew in a quick breath and Sherlock narrowed his eyes into a dangerous squint. Sherlock felt the air in the room vibrate for the briefest of instants. It was as if the two of them were the Marshall and the Outlaw in one of those Old West American style movies that John liked to watch occasionally for some reason. Sherlock could imagine the climax of the story playing out before them -  It was high noon. The two characters were alone, facing each other menacingly, hands twitching anxiously towards their gun holsters. Someone wasn't going to leave that dusty street alive.
John had a moment before his next patient. He dropped heavily into his desk chair, breathed in a deep lungful of air, and rubbed his face.
The Pashto words rolled off Sherlock's tongue like warm, sweet rain.
Sherlock arched up into John mouth. He quite felt that moment, John could easily make him achieve orgasm from Just. Doing. THAT.
John's eyes fluttered shut at the feel of the warm breath from Sherlock's mouth so close to his sensitive neck.
Sherlock's face blossomed with terrified naked concern.
“'Mornin’,” John slurred in an off-handed manner in Sherlock's general direction.
“Just we,” John murmured back. “Oh, God, yes.”
John’s day started off rather badly. He  awoke at an awkward angle at the kitchen table -  face down on his laptop keyboard, his arms making for a poor excuse for a pillow. “What the hell…?” he blearily questioned his own sanity as to why he had fallen asleep at the computer in the first place.
“Take these and go sit. I'll bring the wine,” John grumbled testily.
to that.
Cheekbones and collars, stroppiness and heads in the freezer and random explosions. Not
Also- Thanks for following along thus far! Feel free to comment at any time and let me know things you liked or struck you along the way. Your thoughts and impressions are my locked room murder case...
“Regardless, you came to the correct conclusion, for both our sakes.” Sherlock kissed his forehead and hauled John across his chest to settle in.
John emerged from the bathroom, freshly showered and shaved. He slung his towel over his shoulder and retied the belt on his dressing gown.
American. Sideburned. Dark curls flopping artfully over one eye. A bit on the thin side. Had it been a difficult for a male nurse to find a post? And a handsome one at that? Did that make office politics a bit more strained for him? John willed Deduction Mode Sherlock out of his head forcibly.
John raced up the stairs at 221B and quietly and fervently willed Sherlock not to be home. Sitting room - empty. Same emptiness in the kitchen. He continued up to his room, not quite believing his luck. Opening his closet, he pondered his shoe choices and a maybe shirt change. It was not like he was hiding anything from Sherlock, he sanctimoniously told himself. He just really didn't want to have to explain that he was having dinner with a gregarious, playful, and even affectionate version of his flatmate, TO his flatmate.
Syllabub. They had the pudding at the picnic, he recalled. He had fed John some from his spoon, just like he had nearly done tonight with the tiramisu and John was very appreciative, if memory served.
Sherlock's eyes closed of their own volition and a tiny shiver chased it's way down his spine. John's breath in his ear and his strong emotion had started a chain reaction of response that he was nearly helpless to slow its reckless course through his body. John had a tendency of doing that to him at quite random and infuriating intervals. Sherlock took a deep breath and as haughtily as he could muster, rolled a snarky “Obviously,” from his lips.
Sherlock strode out of the clinic, head held high and a cunning smirk on his lips. He stopped briefly to button his coat by a bench outside at the kerb. Even if someone had been looking directly at him, they probably would have missed the exchange between Sherlock and the homeless man perched on the seat. Sherlock walked on and the man unfolded the paper that had been covertly thrust into his pocket.
John leaned down and kissed the shell of Sherlock's ear.
“Mrs. Greene in #2 needs her nappy bag. She said you put it up for her. Go get it, if you would, luv?” the woman gestured in the direction of the mentioned examination room.
like this,” he huskily returned, easing his hands down John's chest to caress the skin of his pectorals, one smooth, the other rough from scar tissue. “I love the sounds you make when I touch you.
John had gone from clinical finger prodding and assessing after ascertaining that there was no real damage, to a broader palm stroke of effleurage up Sherlock's quadriceps and calf muscles to get some feeling back into them. John lost himself for a moment in the rhythmic movements of his own hands on the Sherlock's legs. The muscles were firm beneath his touch, as well as soft and warm, even through the light woolen trousers. It felt good, just the contact of the clothed skin beneath his open palm. He hummed a bit in satisfaction. He hadn't realized how long Sherlock's legs really were until he could see his own hands on them in contrast. Warm and long and fit so nicely in his palm. John realized rather belatedly that his hands had stopped moving and were resting somewhat expectantly on Sherlock's upper thighs. He jerked his head up to find the owner of the legs staring down at him, less than fully focused through heavy, almost sultry lids. He drew back his hands as if from a potentially armed explosive and pulled himself to his own feet.
John took a deep breath and motioned with his hands for Sherlock to goddamnwell continue.
Blondie took a cursory look around the waiting area, then shrugged, and mouthed to the nurse, “Dunno. He was here before.” The nurse sighed and walked away, presumably to tell Dr. Sawyer she had a little free time now.
Hamish’s shift was his short one for the week, so he had told John earlier that he would meet him at the restaurant tonight. He had some time to ponder what Sarah had told him.
Up at the front desk, Blondie and Hamish were chatting. There wasn't much to do this early in the morning usually. They both heard the ruckus in John's room over the phone's speaker and looked at each other in horror.
John's head snapped up rigidly. He hastily scanned the room for his flatmate which he was just now realizing, was no longer in said  room. He replayed the last five minutes quickly in his head. He had basically pushed himself inches from Sherlock, stared into his eyes, and then, oh
To his credit, John Watson was acting glacially cool about the entire situation. Or so his outward appearance might suggest that was so. He wasn't sniffing. He wasn't yelling. He wasn't flailing his limbs to push Sherlock out from under him
He pressed their mouths together again ruthlessly and with his long bodied weight behind it. John thrust his hands into Sherlock's curls, closed his fingers around a fistful and tugged at them reflexively.
Sherlock awoke with a jolt. John's delicious weight had suddenly stiffened and he knew what that meant. John was also awake and aware.
Sherlock raised his nose as John and the tall, dark haired man in the Burberry coat left. Yves Saint Laurent. Rive Gauche. It was the same person John had been with last night. Sherlock shuddered with disgust and then in a fit of pique, started his walk back to the flat.
“I've had the most peculiar dreams of late, John. I do believe a picnic was the feature in one I experienced last night,” Sherlock started monologuing then stopped abruptly.
-----
John released the handful and tried another, tugging a bit experimentally.
The essence of rosemary and tea, and the smell of...well, home. Or rather, his flatmate and best friend.
Sherlock yawned and stretched his whip-like body out like a lounging cat. All he needed to complete the image was a swishing tail and twitchy whiskers. He sat up and turned that cerulean feline stare on John expectantly.
“Who even knows if what he told you was true, he could have just said anything to have you keep plying him with your oh, so inappropriate attention!”
John stole a glance over to the Study in Concentration. Sherlock's eyes were closed and John took a moment to gaze at him appraisingly without his knowledge. Shit. He sighed almost wistfully. Why this now? He had been comfortable here. It was home. He finally belonged somewhere. John slumped further down into his chair and hung his head in abject resignation. The letter was true and he now knew it. He wanted Sherlock. That sounded so foreign in his head, but it was real. One thing was for certain - it would ruin everything.
John was, of course, fatally embarrassed at this dreadful faux pas. All the same, right in the middle of that muddled, shamed guilt, John felt a bizarre twinge of heated jealousy. Possessiveness. He twisted his mouth ruefully and huffed out an exasperated sigh.
Sherlock stalked reluctantly into the kitchen. He pulled the boxes from the bags and peeked into everything more for his own edification than to be actually helpful. Angelo had tucked in a package of warm focaccia in a bag all on its own. Sherlock eagerly ripped it open and the piney, garlicky smell enveloped the kitchen.
John halted in his tracks. He realised that he was aware that he was dreaming, but it was the most vivid dream he had had in quite some time. Everything seemed very saturated and intense and gave him the weirdest sense of foreboding.
