When Mycroft had summoned them to his office that morning she had suspected that it was going to be something disturbing, but his news went beyond that. It was devastating. Life changing.
He looked across at John who was displaying the slightest shake of his head, a look of stern consternation on his face. He mouthed “not necessary” to his companion.
Martha Hudson had taken up residence in The Hyacinth Hotel after the explosion. Fortunately, her flat was left mostly intact.  Two cracked walls and some fallen ceiling was the worst of it. She rented the largest suite the hotel had; living room, full kitchen, and three bedrooms in case her boys and Rosie wanted to stay. She intended to fix up her flat and 221B exactly as they had been. She had dealt with plenty of lunatics before and
He took her into his arms and loved her. He soothed her and…he helped her land. He helped her land and she helped him save his friend.
And so, he and John had devised the little drama with the film and Stephen King theatrics….with the help of Wiggins and a few of his homeless network. The splicing of the film, the concocting of the “blood” for the pictures (guaranteed to wipe right off, no harm done)…all Wiggins’ doings. The man really
John tried to upright himself and found he could not. He reached his right hand downwards and quickly came upon the reason. Something large and hard was lying across his right thigh. He tried wiggling his legs and realized it was also across his left leg, just below the knee.
“I see. So, basically, do I think there’s anything in the way of an amorous nature taking place. I’ll be truthful with you…yes, and I mean yes, I have thought about it. But if you’re wondering if either of them has made me privy to… anything, then the answer is no. Of course, they’ve always seemed extremely close, right from the start, but I really didn’t put
“No. And it won’t be,” Mrs. Hudson assured. “That’s a promise. Well, now that we’ve got some of this aired out why don’t you go in and have a rest while Rosie’s still sleeping. I can wake you if I need to. I have one of the carpenters coming this evening to go over a few details with me on the restoration. And I’ll order us some dinner later, or we can go out if you’d prefer.”
“Piss off,” he replied in its general direction and took another large swig of his drink. The ringing finally stopped, and he resumed his channel surfing only to be disturbed…again…with more ringing. He totally ignored it.
“I said, in case I decide to go to one of those cut-your-own tree farms. I may do; haven’t been to one of them in ages. Probably not since I was a kid. We always got our trees from a place like that. Of course, Harry and I could never settle on one so our mum always ended up picking one out. And dad just knocked us about the head for fighting. I honestly don’t know if Harry and I ever agreed on
Unlike Mike and me earlier, Holmes had no trouble hailing a cab, and even less trouble relating to me my life’s history on the way to Angelo’s. You could have knocked me over with a feather. I was flabbergasted, to say the least; I mean the man is brilliant….brilliant and… he relayed things about my past, and my family, that I haven’t told anyone…not even Thompson.  I have never thought of another man as beautiful before. At least, not that I recall, but…Sherlock! His eyes….his mouth! And such incredibly high, sharp cheekbones! I was thinking
“Now then, Carson,” she started, “what brings you here? You don’t seem the type to frequent his sort of place…no offense. I’ll tell you something, I don’t come here much myself. Not anymore. My fiancé brought me here….EX fiancé, I should say.”
“And no matter what anybody says about grief and about time healing all wounds, the truth is, there are certain sorrows that never fade away until the heart stops beating and the last breath is taken.”
Lestrade knocked back the rest of his scotch before answering. “I’m still not understanding; what exactly do you expect me to do?”
She had no desire to start over. They would have to make do with leftovers or something from a tin for dinner. She really didn’t feel like eating anyway. The potatoes went down the garbage disposal.
“You don’t have to say a word,” she remarked, “I can tell it was a yes by that dumb, love-struck look on your face.”
Sherlock only shrugged in reply which gave John a sinking feeling, but then, almost as though he could feel John’s misery, Sherlock reached over and patted his hand.
“Pirates are cool,” John declared, trying to steer the conversation to safer territory. He knew Ryan and Meera could be merciless teasers and he didn’t want something said that might scare Sherlock away before the night even started.”
“Then why did you call me? You really are worried about him, aren’t you? I think you’re a lot more, ah… involved with this man than you’re letting yourself believe. You know, Sherlock, it hasn’t really been that long since Mary died, and an even shorter time since all that…unfortunate business with Eurus took place. Emotions are still running high. John has been left a relatively young widower…with a very young child. And you...” Mycroft sighed. “You have had your whole emotional universe turned topsy-turvy. The sad plight of our sister has brought to the surface feelings most people didn’t think you capable of. Of course, I’m not one of them. And I dare say there are a few others. Look, brother mine, from what I know of John Watson, he’s, well, someone who needs, or at least desires, to be in a relationship. And…his child is motherless. Those two reasons alone could mean he might possibly be… exploring… options. And to carry this further...perhaps your own feelings towards “romantic entanglement”, as you put it, are simply changing. We’re not getting any younger, Sherlock, either of us and perhaps it’s…well…it’s something to think about anyway. If anything is…smoldering there…at home…maybe it’s time to start adding a little fuel…or douse the flame and venture elsewhere.”
“It’s okay, honestly. My dad’s forever going on about how I never go out and participate in ‘regular’ teenage activities. Whatever that means. Anyway, he was quite pleased about tonight.”
Sherlock sat down heavily in a nearby chair. “Of course, he doesn’t have to tell me his every move,” he shouted, indignantly, “but he was Christmas tree shopping for us as well as Mrs. Hudson. That, and he had borrowed a friend’s truck who was expecting it back by now. And Rosie isn’t with John; she’s spending a few days with Molly.”
“And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.”
Within twenty minutes Molly was having difficulty navigating. “I…I don’t think I can be here anymore. I should probably….”
And now that she was “on the ground”, she didn’t know what to do next. Her mind had been so consumed with landing that she had given little thought to how she would survive once she did…. if she ever did.
“I don’t know. It’s not that easy, Elizabeth. Well, maybe for you. I’ve never asked anyone out on a date before.”
“No, not at all; it’s rather…nice. So, should we shoot for a museum next? I’m rather fond of the natural history museum. We’ll invite the others, of course.”
had mentally wounded another human being; even if it was to save a life. Or so they thought. He still was not
“So, they started life as perfectly ordinary turtles, crawled around in some toxic run-off, and turned into humanoids…after a fashion, and were then raised by a humanoid rat who taught then ninja skills. And now they roam New York preventing evil.” Sherlock stated.
“Two tickets for Ninja Turtles, please,” John told the cashier. They joined the other couples who were busy buying sodas and popcorn.
“Sorry?” She inquired as she turned in the voice’s direction. The person behind it was a stranger. He had a mop of ginger curls tossed on his head, and amber eyes looking out through John Lennon spectacles. Those eyes looked slightly…confused…uncertain?
“No, Sherlock, he didn’t. He stopped in on his way out and asked where the saw might be, I told him and he left. This isn’t looking good, is it? Are you sure he didn’t stop off anywhere else, maybe did a little Christmas shopping? Have you tried phoning him?”
She went over to where the little girl was sitting on the floor, happily playing with her block set and bent down to her.
much thought into it until John moved back to Baker Street with his daughter. I told myself I was just being soppy about it, but if you’re sensing…something, too. You think that has something to do with John being, err, missing now, it is that it?”
John smiled. “Being the ‘fifth wheel’ as you put it. Oh, not really. Maybe sometimes. Occasionally Elizabeth or Ryan will set me up with one of their mates, but nothing’s ever turned serious. I don’t know; I guess I’m just used to it. We’ve all been friends since we were toddlers. It is what it is. Anyway, I hope you’ll go out with me again. I…I hope you won’t think I’m rushing things, but…I really do like you. I’m glad you transferred to our school.”
have a lot going for him…pity. And John was right, scaring the bejesus out of Mycroft drove him to 221B’s door and a confession.
Sherlock went back to his flat. He climbed the stairs to the bedroom John shared with his daughter and went into the large walk-in closet. To his left, hung several little dresses in shades of pink, blue, and purple. To his right, John’s things. He ran his hand along a jacket. The small room smelled of him. He took a jumper off its hanger and ran the fabric across his cheek, inhaling deeply as he did so.
But as the movie progressed, Sherlock found himself becoming very bored with it, but more interested in the activities of the other couples in their party. Ryan and Meera were sitting next to him with Elizabeth and Suzanne on the other side of John. There was a fair amount of giggling and whispering coming from the direction of the female pair and plenty of ‘ooh’s and ah’s’ from his neighbors. At one point Sherlock gave a fast glance at the couple beside him and realized they were engaged in some rather heavy petting. Meera’s blouse was totally undone and he wasn’t quite sure where her hands were…or Ryan’s for that matter. His eyes widened in surprise and he was glad the darkness hid his face as he was sure it was turning red with embarrassment. He cleared his throat and looked over at John.
A moment later, I came up for air. I gulped oxygen, as I pulled him harder against me. “Watson,” I whispered, when I’d caught my breath. “Would you come to bed with me?”
“They come out at night,” I said, closing my eyes. I had to open them almost as soon as I had closed them. The image of Watson jiggling and wobbling as he struggled to get his swimming costume on had danced across the back of my eyelids. My damnable imagination why was it doing this to me now?
“You have done nothing but eat and read for weeks. Read and eat. Eat and read. Your pants went from being loose, to so tight that you broke a button. Your ass has widened until I was sure that you would splitting your seams. Your double chin has gotten softer, your fingers fatter. Everything about you has grown soft and lovely. I have watched in agony as you have grown more and more into the type of man I had always taken to my bed.”
“Because you look so happy,” I told him. I reached out and nudged the box closer to him. “I like seeing you happy. Indulge me.”
“These are amazing,” he said after he swallowed. “Never tell me where this place is. I’d want to go there every day.”
hurt her. That Christmas night…when he’d said those terrible things and embarrassed the shit out of her…she’d thought that was the worse. But this… Yeah…..this. “It’s for a case,” he’d said. What case could possibly force him to do such a thing?
He was very prim and proper about it all to start with. He had convinced the piano man to play some waltz or other and gave me a “walk through” the movements before we set to it. About two minutes into the real thing, I realized that I had found my right foot, and although we wouldn’t be winning any prizes soon, we were drifting along fairly effortlessly.
“Love doesn't come with an on-off switch. It's made of too many threads of memory and hope and heartache that weave themselves into the very core of who you are.”
John stopped talking and bent over with the phone between his knees trying to stave off the flood of tears and scream of relief that threatened to engulf him. Ever since the horrifying phone call Eurus had forced her brother to have with Molly Hooper, John had been silently screaming inside. But, ever the soldier, he willed himself to swallow it and deal with the danger at hand. Afterwards, when that imminent threat had passed, he allowed himself to panic for his daughter.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock muttered and went to sit in his armchair near the fire. “And I suppose I could take out the tree lights…or decorations…or something ….while you’re gone. God knows I’m not going to make any more progress today on that
“Some of the roads are a mess; there have been a couple of accidents that I know of,” Lestrade stated. “I hate to think about it, but maybe we should put in a few calls to some of the local hospitals.”
Bolt-Holes. Molly was out; the cemetery and Leinster Gardens raised too many memories of Mary, so no; the greenhouse had been discovered by someone (damn pack of vandalizing kids, probably) and trashed; Parliament Hill held little protection; Dagmar, no… for the same reason he wouldn’t go to Wiggins; so…the Locks or Big Ben…he was closer to Ben and he could look down at the city he loved. Feel the myriad vibrations of its quivering heart. It would offer some sort of solace. And he would be alone.
And Mycroft. He would still have been in his teens when it all took place and they secured her away. And what…maybe thirty years old when Rudy died? It was a huge burden to be sure, but he wouldn’t have
“Well he’s not at, nor has he been, at any of the local hospitals,” Lestrade stated. “Did you find a list?”
Father was gone on business most of the time and mummy had that great, rambling house to care for, with occasional help of an elderly charwoman from town. And so, Mycroft was put in charge of his younger siblings on an almost daily basis; a task he complained about and deemed grossly unjust. Sherlock was fairly easy to keep occupied and placate if the need arose, but Eurus...Eurus was another matter altogether.
“Oh Mary,” he sighed, “what a fine pig’s breakfast we made of things, didn’t we? I’m not sure if it’s a curse or a blessing that you never knew about
She drew in a deep breath, sat up, and grabbing a piece of toilet paper, wiped her eyes and blew her nose. She pulled herself up to the sink and looked in the mirror.
She wanted to give some snarky comeback as to why it was none of the strange woman’s business, but something in the lady’s face stopped her.
He went to make another pot of tea, but by the time the kettle was boiling he had lost interest. He turned on the telly, but every channel annoyed him. He had to do something….something!
Less than two weeks later, the whole incident with “Redbeard” occurred. Even though there was no physical evidence to prove Eurus was involved, everyone in the family
“I was just, ah…thinking. What if something has happened that’s prevented him from coming home…or even communicating with us? If he was on his own at one of those tree farms… I mean….” He didn’t finish.
Pale moonlight was filtering down through the trees when John Watson first became conscious of his surroundings. The thought was groggily marching through his brain that it was dark and he was very cold….and that something in his lower extremities felt both frozen and on fire at once. He could not recall where he was…or how he got there.
When the clock struck midnight and the place exploded with everyone singing “Auld Lang Sine”, Mike and I realized we were the only two in the place not getting kissed or groped. Yeah, it was a little depressing. I knew I was facing a bleak, lonely night…hell…lonely
Of course, Mike insisted I tell the whole sordid tale of being wounded. My military experience is something I’m not really comfortable talking about at any length. At least not yet. I’ve gone through it all once with Thompson and that’s really as much as I care to discuss it, so I gave him the shortened version. I know I was honorably discharged and all…but it still stings a bit…still feels like a bit of a cop-out. Life goes on though, huh?
“When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching -- they are your family.”
it’s possible he took advantage of the situation and did some shopping. But he didn’t notify Stamford and that’s what’s nagging me. That’s out of character for him to do something like
He was thirsty, he needed to pee, and he was beyond cold now. Thank god, he had listened to Mrs. Hudson and dressed as warmly as he had. If he had not, he was certain hypothermia would have already set in by now. But he knew his luck wouldn’t hold forever out here. He figured it was somewhere around 2C. And, hopefully, Sherlock, Mike, Mrs. Hudson
“Ah, old Benjie!” Lestrade smiled. I know the bloke well. Cheerful little man. And yes, I believe I know exactly where that tree farm of his is. Out on the old tannery road. Shall we check that out first?”
loved, and her jealousy over his friendship with Victor was something she knew not how to process in any rational manner. To Mycroft, she was…lost. Locked up in a mind that would not, could not, allow her to live in civil society. She would always be a threat to people, of that he had no doubt, but did she deserve to be buried away from all human contact? His young heart could not accept that, but his young mind could come up with no better solution.
But he never finished his sentence as Sherlock suddenly pulled him around to face him. Although he was two years younger, Sherlock towered over him. John felt himself struggling to keep it together as this beautiful young man looked down at him with a look John had not yet witnessed.
She switched the kettle on and poured herself a brandy while she waited. Three-thirty was probably too early for one, but she didn’t give a pop. She finished the brandy and figured she should go check on Richard. He was still sleeping, probably for the best. He had consented to take one of her tranquilizers, something he had never done. She hadn’t seen him this upset in years and his heart wasn’t that strong anymore. It was worrisome, tiresome...god-awful. He had been so angry…almost incoherent by the time they left Mycroft’s office, and Sherlock had insisted on driving them home. Throughout the drive, he had kept repeating over and over how sorry he was and that he hadn’t known. And Richard had cried how Mycroft had betrayed them all. Sherlock stayed just long enough to see his father settled with the tranquilizer and then left. Amelia wanted to discuss things in more detail with her younger son but thought it needed to wait until tomorrow. There had been quite enough drama for one day.
She made a pot of Darjeeling and settled down on the sofa with it and a package of Rich Teas. Her favorite Miss Read book was there on the end table, but she knew there was no point in bothering to try and read.
“While you're doing that, I’ll make those calls, see what I can find,” Lestrade added and walked out into the hallway.
Chinese take-away…that was Christmas dinner. And I “splurged” and bought myself a Christmas present: the newest Stephen King. Of course, I haven’t been able to read more than half a dozen pages at a time; bloody concentration. I’ve been wondering if I should take on Dr. Fletcher’s offer of an anti-anxiety med. Not something that I really want to do, but if it will help calm my mind until I can get my f***in’ shit together… so I can get on with my bloody life… in
! I mean, I don’t have any children of my own, but I think I would be quite put out if I was Mrs. Holmes. What a
“Five?” Sherlock repeated, genuinely puzzled. “It’s only,” and here he consulted his watch, “only ten minutes to one. You need four hours to purchase two trees? Where are you going, Norway?”
He found the leftovers from lunch in the fridge and grabbed a scone and the pot of lemon curd. A cup of tea reheated in the microwave completed his supper. He carried everything on a tray back to his easy chair…and turned and looked at John’s empty one. He stepped over to it and sat the tray down on the nearby stand. Hesitantly, he reached down and stroked the chair’s well-worn arm. He lowered himself into its comfort. The scent of the man enveloped him and he inhaled deeply. It was a mixture of Axe Tobacco and Amber deodorant (curious choice!), antiseptic (no doubt from the surgery), butter (??), and a fourth odor he couldn’t…quite…place. It was …manly. And then it hit him just
“Seriously, Sherlock, it’s fine,” John affirmed. He let go of Sherlock’s hands and took a long drink of his milkshake. “And, for what it’s worth, that
“I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself — my past and the kaleidoscope of mistakes, failures and wrong turns that have stacked unbearable regret upon my shoulders.”
Mrs. Hudson sighed into the phone. “Just….be safe, John. Rosie and I will be fine. And if Molly calls, I’ll tell her you were asking after her.”
“Well then,” Elizabeth said, giving John a friendly punch on the arm, “you’d better come up with a plan. Where’s he at anyway?”
“Alright, I’ve steeled myself up with several cups of good, strong tea, though god knows I could have used a nip of something in it. Go on then...”
He was bent over a counter, squeezing something out of a syringe into a petri dish. He looked up at us when we walked in and…
was he going to do about her? He knew he couldn’t just let this go…he just couldn’t. He wasn’t going to let her down again. Never again. No matter what anyone had to say about it. No one was going to stop him. An idea was already forming in his mind about what he was going to do.
They did, and Molly ordered another rounds of shots. Yes, mild Molly Hooper had every intention of getting hammered tonight; she was already well on her way, and the hell with where that might take her.
Rosie had been staying with Molly. He had considered asking Sarah Sawyer to possibly look after Rosie before he left with Sherlock for Sherrinford, but knew that would require much explaining and he did not have the time or will for either. So Molly Hooper it was. And then Molly’s life and home had been threatened. When Eurus announced that Molly’s flat had been rigged to blow, he wanted to shout out, but he knew he could not, and so he kept that hell to himself.
“Oh, Mrs. H. that looks lovely,” John remarked, wasting no time inspecting the cart’s offerings, while holding Rosie. “I am rather hungry. Can’t even remember when I ate a proper meal last. Those sandwiches and scones will do nicely. Thank you.”
He argued with himself for some time before deciding he needed a second opinion. He walked to the desk and picked up his cell.
Mike…finally…introduced us. The chap’s name was Sherlock Holmes. Holmes related that he was what he referred to as a “consulting detective” and often worked with D.I. Lestrade of Scotland Yard. According to Holmes, the whole lot of Lestrade’s staff were a bunch of imbeciles, incapable of finding their collective arses with their own two hands. I had no comment.
Finally… “Well, I suppose I had better be getting along to physics class. It was good to see you, John.”
…would realize he was missing and come looking for him. They had to. No one would be coming this way at least until tomorrow morning and he knew he would never last that long.
Sherlock woke with a start, momentarily confused. The room had grown dark, the only light coming from the fireplace which, obviously, Mrs. Hudson had been kind enough to refuel before she left for her own flat after clearing up the lunch things. Sherlock yawned, shook his head, and rubbed the back of his neck which had grown stiff from being flung backward on the chair for so long.
Sherlock contemplates all that has happened to him, and tries to get a handle on what he has to do next.
Greg Lestrade had just settled on his sofa with his third double scotch of the evening when his cell rang.
“No, you don’t look any of that. The khaki’s and that jumper go beautifully together. Now, off you pop. You still have to pick up Sherlock, correct? So you’d best be going.”
John cleared his throat. “Still time to change your mind and come with me…if you’re afraid of being bored.”
reasonable rate”. Seems he did her some tremendous favor in the past and I guess she figures she owes him one. Sherlock said to meet him in two evenings, 3 January, at seven and we could finalize the details. I thought it a bit of cheek, him just assuming I’ll take him up on the offer.
The song was nearing its end when I realized something else: I was…happy. Being in such close proximity to this man for just a few short minutes had triggered emotions in me that I hadn’t utilized in some time. We weren’t exactly dancing cheek to cheek, but the feel of the man in my arms was…surprising. His scent was slightly odd. It was like a mixture of tobacco, sandalwood and….leather? Since when had I ever noticed a
“I know he made a list. He’s always making lists and printing them off. Says it’s the only way he can remember to get everything he needs to do done now that he’s got the full responsibility of Rosie. Hopefully, he didn’t delete it.” Sherlock sat down, opened the lid, and logged on.
three shopping centres, one farmer’s market, three Christmas tree lots, and two chop-your-own places were listed. Sherlock reckoned Mrs. Hudson was correct in saying that most shopping centres and tree lots would be closed by now. And it was far too dark to be chopping your own.
her? He was thoughtless and rude; ridiculous and unkind…but he had never knowingly hurt her. Not really. Not that he
“No…no I’m good. Actually, I may not be here when you come out. I’ll be back before too late though.”
And then, six months in, Mycroft appeared at one of her weekly counseling sessions. She bombarded him with questions. Chiefly- why had no one bothered to come see her? Eurus sensed her brother’s uneasiness in answering. His response was that their parents were unwell, and it would be too much of a shock for them to see her in this environment. Eurus knew that was a blatant lie and never asked about them again. However, she had begged and pleaded with him to allow her visitations with Sherlock but was told that it simply wasn’t possible. Another lie.
“Closer,” John said. “But I’m…err…surprised you’ve never heard of them. They’ve been around since the mid-80's. I take it you never had any of the action figures or watched the cartoons?”
Yes, Sherlock Holmes had unsettled me….I found myself fighting against the idea of dancing with another man in public, regardless that my crazy heart was telling me otherwise. I finally persuaded myself that one little dance wouldn’t hurt and that, yes, everyone else was too involved in their own merriment to care.
“As to that,” John started. “I thought we agreed to not take anything else on until after the holidays. So what is this about then?”
he thought. He really believed Sherlock was the most beautiful male he had ever seen. He began to feel stirrings in places he really didn’t want to.
“Yes, yes, Molly…sorry. I…umm, okay, truthfully…I don’t know where John is. And quite frankly, I’m not sure if I should be worried or not. Mycroft doesn’t believe I should be. I don’t know if you knew anything about his plans for today, but he went out in search of a Christmas tree for us and one for Mrs. Hudson. He borrowed Mike Stamford’s truck and said he’d be back around five and…well, it’s after nine and he’s still not here.”
Molly put her hand on his. “No…no...That…that’s okay. I ah… I don’t want to go home anyway. I don’t want to go…home.” She started sniffing a bit.
Finally, “Yes…yes….thank you. I’d love another. You’ll have one too, I hope. That was a ‘Three Wise Men’, by the way. Jim Beam, Johnny Walker, Jack Daniels. It’s whisky today…tonight. And I’m Molly.”
“The story is that John went out in search of a Christmas tree, or trees as it were as he was also acquiring one for the landlady, and was supposed to return around five pm and still has not done so.”
All those counselors and therapists. The GP’s and medications. Acupuncture, herbal supplements, hypnosis (which turned out to be a
“Um, yes, I suppose. What, you suspect Sherlock’s using again…or missing, run off to one of his bolt-holes?”
And so, as I type this entry at 10:43 am, New Year’s Day, in the year 2010, I know that I cannot add:
“Well…maybe he stopped for a drink, or had… other business to attend to. Wait, how was he getting two trees back to Baker Street?”
to be her affair. He had hated accusing her of any connection, but he did what had to be done. He was quite pleased she was shown to be innocent. He liked her… and she was professional enough to not hold a grudge against him. Quite the opposite in fact, she appeared to admire him all the more for it. And as for Sir Edwin, he didn’t have the brains, plain and simple, to even
Sherlock could read no further. He logged off and gently closed the lid. It was then he realized that tears were coursing down his cheeks and he quickly wiped them away.
orchestrate anything that elaborate. Sure, he was smart enough in his own right, but not when it came to being any sort of a mastermind.
Sherlock shook his head. “Cartoons. Not really my area. Mycroft and I played with matchbox cars, but my favorite play activity was pirates. And I’ve never watched much telly, save for documentaries or crime investigation type shows.”
John sat the paper down and chuckled softly. “Well, I suppose there’s no stopping you. Once you’ve set your mind on something you turn a bit maniacal about it if I try, as well I know. And don’t give me that look. You know I’m right. Anyway, I’m taking the tube to Mike’s tomorrow after lunch to pick up the truck. I’ll head out looking for a tree straight away. I don’t suppose we have an ax or a saw of some sort lying about somewhere, do we?”
“John…John,” his mother yelled while knocking on his bedroom door. “Your friends are waiting. Quit fussing over your clothes…I know that’s what you’re doing. I’m sure you look fine.”
“You’re too good to us, you know,” answered John rising out of his easy chair. “I’ll get Sherlock. He’s upstairs having a nap, although if you ask him what he’s doing he’ll say research. He’s been ‘researching’ all morning. The back of his eyelids, apparently, as every time I’ve checked in on him he was sawing logs.”
“Oh…god,” she exclaimed as she dropped back down onto the pillow. She glanced over at the clock on the night stand. “Ten-thirty! Shit! Oh wait….it’s Sunday. Oh…my head. Where am I?”
to know why I’m here then if you think your plight is pathetic. I kind of fell off the planet today. All this is to make myself feel better. Not sure if it’s working or not. Do you want to do these other shots?”
We had a devil of a time trying to find a cab, but finally reached Bart’s a little before one. The whole building appeared to be deserted. Mike gave me a tour of his classroom and then I expressed an interest in visiting the lab. It was here that we learned we were not alone.
“You think that’s something, you should see them when we’re hanging out in Ryan’s basement. And these girls here beside me…..we’ll be lucky if they’re not on the floor by the time the movie’s finished.”
And quite honestly, I don’t know what the f**k happened. I was…zapped. I really don’t know how else to describe it. I’ve never had anything like it happen to me in all my damned, bloody life.
He’d even considered that members of his own secret cabinet might be involved. Lady Smallwood had been going through some trauma of her own following the suicide of her husband. And the whole regrettable A.G.R.A. incident had, thankfully, turned out
So then, it came back to Eurus. Always Eurus. The thorn in his side from the day she was born. Even as an infant she had been spooky. She sat in her baby seat watching...just watching. You felt like she was trying to peer into your very soul. She never cried, not even when Sherlock accidentally split a mug of hot cocoa down her back when she was eight months old. She grimaced a bit and gave him the evil eye, but uttered not so much as a whimper. (Which one is pain?) All emotion appeared to be foreign to her. Well, maybe not all. She obviously relished others' agony.
“And what about you, John. Have you made up your mind about moving back to Baker Street? Oh please do! I know you want to get on with your life, but I think it will do you, and Sherlock, a world of good to spend time together again. And I mean under the same roof. Even if it’s only for a while. Look, I know it’s none of my business, but it’s obvious you two care deeply for each other…deeply. There’s a new clinic opening up on Edgware, if you’re thinking of looking for a new position, and you already know I’m always available to stay with Rosie. Of course it’s... your decision. And I’m…rambling a bit, aren’t I?”
“And you’d best put on a pair of warm boots, or at the very least some wellies. If we end up having to knock about in the woods, shoes won’t cut it.”
Sherlock quickly cleared his throat. “But of course we’re very grateful for all you do for us, Mrs. Hudson.”
She took in the rest of him before answering. Fresh-pressed khakis, a button down about the same color as her dress, expensive looking black shoes. The overall look just didn’t quite cut it and she couldn’t help but feel that either he over thought the dressing process, or didn’t think about it at all. He looked decidedly out of place and it was pretty evident this wasn’t his usual milieu.
And now…now what were they to do? All those wounds re-opening. More horrors, more deaths at Eurus’s hands?
And their parents. Of course, they would have to be told. That….was going to be a bitch. Well, he wouldn’t let Mycroft face that particular hurricane alone. They’d all need each other more than ever now. He just hoped and prayed the shock wouldn’t kill either one of his parents. Dad’s heart wasn’t that strong and Mum, although outwardly seemed tough as nails, had already had one collapse.
And, a whole lot of people were extremely angry with him at this moment. Not least of all his parents. Bloody hell. They would either get over it…or they wouldn’t. That was entirely out of his hands right now. He’d have a good long talk with them… eventually.
Carson gave her a wide grin. “Honestly, I’ve never been here. I don’t go out much. I’m not even sure why I came. Well, yes I am. My baby brother got married yesterday. All my siblings are married now. Married and raising families and I’ve barely dated in the last five years. I don’t even know how to dress to go out anymore. I mean, look at me.” He sighed. “I guess that’s pretty pathetic, isn’t it? For some reason I felt like I needed to at least give it a go tonight. That and my mum’s constant nagging. Not exactly sure what I hope to accomplish.”
So, I guess I’m to start keeping this bloody blog. And just what the hell am I supposed to say? Thompson (my therapist) seems to think it will be “therapeutic” if I put to paper (or computer I guess I should say) my day to day happenings, presumably so that I can see the progress I’ve made. Progress. How can I make any bloody progress when nothing ever happens? I rarely leave my depressingly, tiny flat as there’s nowhere to go; nowhere that I can afford anyway. I suppose I could look out a few of my post-army mates and see what they’re up to. But then again, what could I possibly have in common with any of
He opted for the bedclothes. The lights and decorations were probably in the basement somewhere….or the walk-in closet in John’s room. John’s. He’d check there first. Right after he called his cell. Something he both did… and did…not want to do.
Watson wished me a good day, and I wished him the same. The moment the door had closed behind him, I sprang out of my chair so quick it toppled over. I left it where it was, scrambling to get my hands on a piece of paper and a pencil.
“Holmes,” Watson said. I pulled back a little but I felt his fist catch in my hair, forcing me back down. I moaned into him as I nuzzled deeper into him.  I opened my eyes and found old white stretchmarks alongside newer red ones. I licked and kissed every inch. My hands grabbed at his love handles and my teeth nipped at his under belly,
“What about what I want,” I whispered. I moved slowly. I gave him plenty of time to pull away from the kiss. He didn’t.
“It won’t do any good,” I said. My hands wandered up to the waist of his trousers. Rolls of soft flesh spilled over the band, creating a beautiful roll. I sunk my fingers in. I was surprised at how pliant he was. “You’re going to have to go to the tailor for sure, but not for alterations. You’re going to need all new trousers, shirts and waistcoats. You’ve outgrown so much already. Do you really think you’re going to be even this size in a few more weeks, let alone months?” Watson moaned under me. He was pushing his ample backside against my hardness.
I was so afraid to say anything. Afraid even the wrong moment might send him away from me forever. I pulled his hands to either side of my belly. His fingers sunk into the soft rolls of my sides. A moan spilled from his mouth.
“Watson, please,” I whispered. “Do not torment me like this.” Watson leaned down, pressing his mouth to my ear. His whiskers were surprisingly tantalizing.
“I like you fat.” There, the words were out. Watson stopped nuzzling my hand and looked at me, head titled to one side. “I do. I like it when you look well fed.” Watson glanced down at where I had pulled up his undershirt. He grinned and gave it a pat.
“Why go to the tailor?” I asked, staring at my book. Not reading. I had been having a hard time reading anything whenever Watson was in the room as of late. “You have many winter clothes.” I wanted him to say it. The very notion of him admitting that he’d eaten himself out of his clothes made my manhood twitch.
“Heavens yes. It feels like ever time I turn around I see the doctor sneaking something from the pantry.” She wiped her hands on her apron. “Not that he doesn’t need a little rounding out. It’s in fashion nowadays.”
It took a few shuddering moments before I was cognizant enough to pleasure Watson. His cock still stood high and red, bouncing with every movement my friend made. I should have been more in my right mind since I had finished, but I wasn’t. I wrapped one hand around Watson’s cock, feeling it throb.
“I think I’m going to take a nap,” he said. “If you’re right and London’s criminals only come out after dark, then I need some shut eye before we go running about.” He rubbed circles over his belly. “And it will help me digest before supper.” I nodded and headed downstairs.
I quickened my pace, trying to keep ahead of my arousal. I was almost running when the smell of something sugary made me stop. A smile curled up one side of my thin mouth. This must be that 24 hour donut shop that Lestrade and his boys were always mentioning. There was a particular honey glaze that made me think of summer time. I shook my head and headed inside.
Not long before my fifty first birthday I looked up from my book on naval tactics and saw that Watson was too fat for our chairs. It was my fault in part. I was the one had picked out the narrow armchairs a few years back. Our last set had made me feel like I was being swallowed whole. Watson hadn’t complained, even after he squeezed himself into these chairs for the first time. After a day or two he had discovered he could fit fine as long as he picked his belly up before he sat down. I had watched in mild instress as the months passed and there was more and more belly to pick up. But today was the first day I noticed that the sides of his belly had rolled over the arms of the chairs.
Her eyebrows raised, "Ah, a soldier, then.  I guess we'll just have to try something more direct.  Loose the pants."
"Do you want me to order you around, or do you want to have sex?"  I asked, I hastened to add,  "Neither or both are also valid options."
"Alright, alright." I took pity on him and tugged gently at the hair at the nape of his neck, "Sit up a bit so I can get your shirt."
"Oh, yes! If you want this to last you're going to want to..." He redoubled his efforts, and I resigned myself to coming like a teen altogether too quickly and possibly all over his too perfect face. "Hnn. If you don't want it all over you...."
"What's going on here?" The voice from before belonged to a well dressed individual, taller then I and shorter than Sherlock with odd curled sideburns and grey temples. "Holmes. You brought a friend?"
"Okay." He slid over to one side of the bed, still somehow managing to take up the vast majority of the bed. I laughed, and flopped carefully down in the available area.
"In a way." Sherlock slumped into the couch, "Mycroft is the second child. Runs the government here, more or less. You won't meet Sherrinford or Eurus, hopefully. Sherrinford is with Mummy, Eurus is in a corrective facility."
"I read the salient bits. Or at least, the bits that I thought were salient. So there really has been a murder here."
His eyes narrowed and his jaw jutted out a bit. He was such a perfect example of a brat in that moment that I almost ruined it by laughing in his face.
His hands were large and calloused, I could feel every bit of them on me, and as he tentatively jacked a few strokes I was aware that it had been perhaps too long since I'd been taken in hand. I was unlikely to last terribly long. Not that this was a bad thing, given the circumstances, but just as Sherlock bent his head there came a firm nock on the door.
“Hi. I don’t have anything to pay you back,” John adresses Toby, a bit awkwardly as he scans his own menu.
“How should I know?” His voice is too casual to be complete truth, and John wouldn’t have picked up on it if he wasn’t actively observing him.
Sherlock lets out a little snore, shifts a little in front of him, edging backwards into the warmth of John’s body and causing his bum to nestle flush against John’s crotch.
“I’m going to take that as a promise,” John says lowly, pointing a finger at him before turning towards the bed. “Think you could sleep?”
John had wandered over towards the loos, monitoring who was stumbling in and out, and Sherlock had situated himself by the bar to try and weasel information out of the bartenders.
"Well what do you expect me to do about it? We're in Devon. And Mrs Hudson is at her sister's anyway."
“Like you know Frank?” John stirs the tea, not looking at his friend who is leaning against the fridge.
“How long does it take to get to London from here by train?” He asks the young couple as they come to meet him.
There’s a long pause, Teddy is looking contemplative and John waits for an instruction on how to proceed. It doesn’t come.
John gives him a side-eyed look and props him up against the brick wall that John had been having a crisis on moments before.
“He isn’t my boyfriend,” John snaps, hears himself mentally echoing that statement in a great many other scenarios and huffs a dry laugh.
Sherlock's eyes come up and rest on John's face, flickering across it. He offers a small smile that is more a grimace than anything. John huffs out a tired laugh and rubs his eyes.
“You can’t just stumble off on your own,” Toby tries in a reasonable tone. “Let us take you, there’s a phone box not far from here.”
“Sherlock, can you hear me?” John asks, rolling him onto his side and pressing two fingers to the pulse point on his neck. It’s elevated, fluttering rapidly but not dangerously so and he taps Sherlock’s disconcertingly cold cheek lightly with the back of his hand.
Sherlock had wondered if that line had ever actually worked on someone before, and found himself saying so out loud.
John blinked up at the so very blue sky. “You’re pretty.” John felt much more content, knowing that the sky now knew how pretty it was. The sky blinked, and shifted to the floor before darting back at John.
“No, low blood sugar,” John rushes to say, giving Sherlock a quick once over before reaching for his icy hands.
“Don’t worry, we’ll all chip in,” Toby smiles and glances around the table. Evie nods back and the other boy shrugs he doesn’t care.
When Eurus came into his room, many hours later, when Sherlock had tired himself out and was lying curled up in a fetal position on his bed, she had stood over him with a curious expression. She then reached out to brush her tiny fingers over his cheek, smearing his tears over his face. When she had asked if he wanted to play, Sherlock had rolled over, turning his back to her, and muttered, “No. You’re not Victor.”
Turning around, John gets a strong sense of déjà vu as he stares at Sherlock’s ruffled form, the light from his bedroom illuminating him from behind like an angel. John closes his laptop with one hand, ignoring the way Sherlock’s eyes follow the movement, and stands up to stretch.
Sherlock sends him a quick side-look before returning his eyes back on the screen. “Teddy can do it quicker without me being in the way.”
Sherlock had whispered with a sniffle, reaching out with shaking fingers to grip the material of the man’s soft shirt.
In the space of one minute, John’s euphoric arousal had turned to concern, suspicion, anger, then hurt.
Wondering the time, one hand reaches out blindly for his new mobile that is sat on the bedside cabinet, charging. Mycroft handed him a new one that evening without a word, his old one found smashed in an empty cell along with Mycroft's own and Sherlock’s.
However, about once a year, Johns body seems to just give up and he will come down with the most horrendous case of flu. Usually, he can anticipate or even predict when this bout of illness will strike and will pop out to the nearest co-op to stock up on supplies such as soup, tissues, cough medicine, paracetamol and a hot water bottle to cuddle. He then takes it all home and waits for the demons to strike and spends the next week in bed alternating between looking after himself like the good doctor he is and feeling terribly sorry for himself.
Before he can answer, Victor is giving Sherlock a rueful look. “I swear, you’re always covered in bruises.” He shakes his head, eyes now trained on the older, now yellowing, bruise on the other side of his neck.
After that, Sherlock took residence up in his room, not leaving for many days, the space becoming a haven he preferred over possible knowing looks across the dinner table. Concerned, his parents tried to coax him out with offers to day trips to London, or with his favourite food, or, once, with a threat to invite Mycroft over for the weekend.
“I’d rather you didn’t sort out your personal business with thugs in my garden, mister,” she scolds, pointing a fork in Sherlock’s direction.
“Must there be a reason? Must I make an appointment? Are you so busy with your studies that you need an advanced notice? Now I know that can’t be true due to your expulsion, or should I say
What was most curious of all, however, was the fact that Alfie hadn’t paid the slightest bit of attention to Sherlock, John
John keeps a keen eye on Sherlock’s face, watching for any signs of nausea or dizziness. Doesn’t reply until Sherlock is fully upright and glancing around himself like he’s only just realised where he is.
“So, why do you have to do community service in a bookshop? Bit random,” John asks, curious of the reason and if Sherlock will speak openly now Victor isn’t here.
John takes the offered hand and pulls himself upright. The world tilts alarmingly for a moment, and he shuts his eyes as it rightens around him.
Being only six, the young child of course didn’t have a full grasp over overwhelming emotion, the rejection painful and baffling. He was hurt, so he wanted Sherlock to hurt too. And Sherlock, also only being six and unfortunately having an even
When the day came for Enzo to leave, Sherlock shook his hand impassively before turning away. The man then grabbed Sherlock’s arm, tugging him into a fierce embrace, wrapping strong arms around his back. Sherlock had frozen, forcing his body not to lean into the touch. Enzo cupped the back of Sherlock’s neck, reaching down to murmur into his ear.
The words were soft with reverence and John didn’t even realise he had spoken aloud until Sherlock’s gaze had snapped to his. He felt himself flush slightly, waiting for a sarcastic reply or the show of bravado that Sherlock usually expressed when praised. It didn’t come. The detective just stared at him, reading something in his expression that John could only assume was pure honesty. Sherlock began blinking rapidly, a mannerism John recognised when the man didn’t know how to process something he assumed as illogical. He had a sudden urge to gather the man into his arms and flinched slightly towards him before freezing and holding himself unnaturally still.
“Very much so, yes. I’m part of the rugby team too, which helps distract me a little from the endless academia,” John grins ruefully.
him, who didn’t hesitate to tell Sherlock he loved him right back when the man had accidently muttered the dreaded words first. Who, apparently, had fallen in love with Sherlock just as quickly as the detective had with the doctor. Who enjoys telling him that fact daily, even now, just to see Sherlock smile. Tells him even when they row and bicker, and when they shout and scream at each other, when they curl up together on the sofa or when they’re at crime scenes or when they’re panting into each others mouths and gripping fists into bed sheets.
Thankfully the man releases him a second later, holding him at arm's length and casting an eye down John’s body.
“No, no, wait-” Jules grips tighter. “He’s a bad egg, as eggs go,” he huffs a stale laugh over John’s face before growing abruptly serious once more. “‘E’s not right in the head, he’s all fucked up.” Jules twirls his hands around his temples as he says this and John pushes away from the wall in a sharp movement.
Sherlock spots something hanging on the wall and jerks his head towards it, looking back at John with a raised eyebrow. John glances up, sees a chainsaw, and has to clamp both hands over his mouth to muffle a laugh. He shakes his head at Sherlock, who is grinning at him, and he points towards a plank of wood on the floor near their feet. Sherlock gives him a mock-disappointed look before leaning carefully forward with a hand extended. He bites his bottom lip as his fingers brush the wood and he grasps it gently. It looks fairly heavy, and they all freeze when it scrapes loudly across the floor as he pulls it slowly towards him.
John groans, shifting his body to slot a leg between Sherlock’s open thighs as he licks into the hot mouth under him. Sherlock slides his other hand up into John’s hair, tugs at it and nips lightly at his lip with sharp teeth.
Sherlock reaches up with his left hand and touches the delicate skin of his eye as if he can feel the damage in the flesh around it. “Yes. When I was nine, I accidentally administered out-of-date eyedrops when I irritated the surface during an experiment with smoke. The contaminated saline paralysed the muscles of my iris.”
“No, no one by that name here I’m afraid.” John hears the tell-tell sound of the phone being moved away from a face.
Suddenly, a soft knock on the door pulls John out of his stupor and he sits up hastily. He pads over to the door and opens it.
John slowly makes his way up to his bedroom, feeling defeated. He lays on his bed, and wonders at Sherlock going out of his way to find Teddy’s watch. It was nice of him. John hopes selfishly that that’s all it was. As his eyes close in exhaustion, John debates adding the Teddy situation to his list, but he can’t quite bring himself to do it.
Suddenly, Sherlock lurches forward. “Here!” He commands the driver and is out of the car before it has even rolled to a full stop.
“That’s because I am,” Sherlock shrugs, a hint of triumph in his tone. Like happiness is a competition.
, me too, me too,” John pants into his neck, not even knowing if the truth of that admission is directed to a few days ago, or many years.
Teddy had startled, apparently having not noticed Sherlock’s huddled motionless form as a person when he had arrived. It was possible he had overlooked the bundle as a pile of pillows. He had stared at Sherlock for a moment, only his curly mop of hair and bright eyes were peeking out over the blanket.
The little bell above the door chimes as Toby opens it, holding it for Evie and John to step through.
Mrs Holmes inflates slightly at his tone, opens her mouth undoubtedly for a scolding but John quickly jumps in.
“What?” John snaps, losing patience. “Your mobile! I need to use your mobile!” He wiggles his fingers expectantly.
Sherlock gives another small smile at that, resting his elbows on his knees and leaning forward slightly. John catches himself smiling back and imitating the movement. Freezes when an odd thought passes through his head.
Rachel gives him a wary side look that screams guilt before stepping away from him smartly and turning to address Sherlock.
Sherlock had nodded in some sort of confirmation, then had looked down at his knees where John was sure his phone was resting in the blankets, apparently done with the conversation.
The man’s eyes flicker open, with surprising clarity considering, and settles almost instantly on Rachel's distraught face. He takes in her watering eyes and lets out a low groan. He struggles to sit upright.
Just as he reaches the stairs, Sherlock’s door opens again, this time much softer. John almost doesn’t look back, not really wanting to see the evidence of something he’d rather not think about, but a voice calls his name.
“I can’t remember the pain of it now, but I got a nasty infection and the doctors were convinced I would lose all sight in that eye. But, lo and behold, it caused no lasting damage to my vision. Except an irritatingly inconvenient sensitivity to light. And an apparent resemblance to David Bowie,” Sherlock shrugs, taking a sip.
Once they're in a taxi, Sherlock muttering an address to the driver so quietly John can't hear, he begins to worry if Sherlock is planning to take him back to Rachel's and egg her house or something equally childish. Not that he would mind to be honest, but Lestrade might have something to say about it later.
When John glances at Sherlock, the detective's eyes are already trained on him, reading his expression. He quirks an eyebrow at the blonde and John shrugs slightly in response.
Rachel gives him a disgusted look and turns away, aiming the look at John instead. “How can you live with someone like that?”
Sherlock jerks upright, fixing a pained smile on his face. “I said ‘cheese and rice”. John asked me what I used to eat at university.”
“What the fuck!?” he cries, and Sherlock reaches over quickly to clamp a hand over his mouth, eyes still sparkling with mirth.
A deep growl escapes John’s throat, a noise he hasn’t heard in a great many years, and he slides his hands down Sherlock’s back, grabs his arse and lifts him up onto the low sink. Sherlock spreads his thighs wider, breath hitching, and John slots between them immediately and
When they arrive at the cafe, John has somewhat cleared his head. Well, as much as is possible considering he’s fairly certain that somehow he has gone
They drink in silence, John thinking of the youngest Holmes and her creepy temperament while Sherlock looks to be deep in thought. Probably about the same thing.
John jumped at the sudden proclaim that pierced through the silence. They had been on a case somewhere in Devon, something about a priceless jewel and a vengeful uncle. As was his luck, the only room available to them in the little town had one double bed, which they shared the first night before Sherlock got really into the case and stopped sleeping altogether.
They stare at each other for a moment, eyes intense and the air is heavy with unspoken words. There’s still so much to say, but now isn’t the time. It’s too raw. John breaks the eye contact and nods towards the sofa. “Shall we see what’s on?”
In both universes, contrasting only by circumstance, one thing remains the same. And that one thing is John Watson.
John can't help but glance at Sherlock, and his breath hitches slightly at the look on his face. His eyes are staring darkly down at John’s, now empty, thigh. His full lips pinched into a straight line. Feeling John's gaze, he snaps his head back round to face the window to his right, effectively hiding his expression from the doctor. John can’t help but feel strangely smug and, feeling bold, he reaches out and squeezes Sherlock’s own thigh. The detective starts and spins his head back round so quickly his neck cracks. John is already looking pointedly away, his hand resting innocently back on his lap.
Sherlock’s hands scrabble at the back of John’s head, fist into his hair. He’s jerking backwards with every thrust of John’s hips, making small desperate noises into his mouth and John thinks this could quite possibly be the most aroused he has ever felt in his life.
The man leans down to whisper something in Sherlock’s ear, and Sherlock reaches backwards to cup the back of the blonde head in reply, tugging it closer to his skin. John turns swiftly, can’t stand to watch any longer, and stumbles towards the entrance of the club.
but also not great. John shifted in surprise as he nearly cracked his skull onto a dark curled head. Sherlock was sat upright against the bed on the floor, legs spread out around him. He was also dead asleep.  John smiled weakly as he spotted a wet flannel gripped in Sherlock’s right hand.
John stares. He would be flattered if it were any other circumstance, but this is not by any means a normal day.
Sherlock tilts his head, his smile softening in a way that looks far more sinister. “Are you afraid of me?”
Blinking heavily, John slides one hand slowly up Sherlock’s back, cups the back of his head. It’s warm under his palm, and he simply holds.
John stares at him in amazement, at the rapid rise and fall of his chest, the flush of his neck. When Sherlock’s arms begin to tremble where they’re holding his upper body upright behind him, he moves to slump against John’s shoulder.
"Let's just leave it yeah? I'm not-not now." John let's out a huff of air and tries his hardest not to slam his beer down on the counter next to him.
That night, Redbeard went missing and was never found. And Sherlock, being only six and still not possessing that full grasp over his emotions, reinvented Redbeard in his mind into something he could logically love and lose.
“Good morning, Victor!” Sherlock announces loudly and the boy’s other arm comes up to wrap around his skull with a grunt.
John wonders what Sherlock would do, back at home, if John reached forward and rested his lips against his. Silencing harsh words. How would Sherlock react? Push him away? It’s a strong possibility. John can imagine the scene, the demands of
ha-ha! Although perhaps that is a cheap shot, I apologise, I’m sure you’ve heard it all before, blah blah you naughty chicken, blah blah-which reminds me! I must-but wait! Who is this?”
The old woman, who John imagines has a very warm face when she’s not scowling as she has been doing the last ten minutes, is a tiny force to be reckoned with. Turns out, she had all but dragged the thug from her garden, shoving him bodily over the fence and into the neighbouring garden, where he had promptly galloped away.
. Rudy had spent the next five minutes creating a character for John to join in, his and Sherlock’s characters already establishing in-depth backstories and strong french accents.
Sherlock lets out a mock gasp. “A loss too painful to bare thinking about!” he replies playfully, eyes sparkling. Teddy chuckles.
In another world, thirty-three years ago, a young girl decides the kill her favourite brothers best friend. But then, in a whirl of bizarre circumstance, the boy who is fated to a watery grave catches a bout of flu and ends up not going to his friends house that evening. And with that, her plans are thwarted. And as his friend is absent, the brother makes a life changing decision, unbeknown to him at the time, and asks his sister to play a game of pirates. She agrees. And the young boy, whose name is Victor Trevor, is gifted with the unremarkable fate of life.
She had glared at each boy hiding in her shed, making them all shrink back from her eyes. Then had grasped Sherlock and John by the ears, snapped at Victor to follow, and marched them into her kitchen before shoving them down into seats and turned to switch on the kettle.
“Uncle Rudy is incredibly wealthy and incredibly generous,” he breathes, lips brushing the shell of John’s ear.
For some reason, the words unsettle John more than the situation itself and he sits up abruptly, tugging Sherlock’s face away from him and pulling him upright.
John rises from his chair, suddenly desperate to leave this room full of pretense, and darts out of the room. He can feel a few eyes on him as he bolts out of the door, but no one tries to stop him.
John huffs a laugh before pausing. He narrows his eyes in suspicion as his friend pads into the kitchen. John follows and leans against the unit, watching Sherlock as he fills up the kettle.
John nods and smiles back with a low, “Hopefully,” as he thinks rapidly for an excuse on why that won’t work. There’s not much point heading back to London, John has no idea when he’s going to appear back in his own time and considering he’s lived through university once already, he would much rather stay here with Sherlock.
"Sherlock, I swear to god," John takes another step towards his flat mate and this time Sherlock doesn't move. He stares down at John, eyes flickering over his face, reading the anger, the hurt, the betrayal. Seemingly finding what he's looking for, he hums and nods once before grabbing John by the elbow and steering him towards the living room.
John frowns at this, wondering how a young child could be considered a ‘troubled soul’. Sherlock from home probably could have been described as such, after his friend was murdered. But
John sucks in a deep breath into his nose, the smell of coconut and smoke filling his nostrils. He flexes his fingers, rests his lips against the skin in front of his face.
Rudy all day since Mycroft and his Uncle’s arrival. As far as John could see, Alfie hadn’t even greeted the elder man. And it wasn’t until much later on in the evening (when lunch had turned into drinks and drinks had turned into more drinks, which had then turned into dancing which had turned into pre-dinner drinks) when Alfie had then begun telling a loud and rather derogatory story about a man who used to work with him and Emelia years prior, when Rudy had cut across him saying;
"Sherlock, listen. What I said, it wasn't fair. I know you weren't trying to be a dick. I shouldn't have shouted at you. I don't know why I got so..." he trails off with a sigh.
Pulse quickening and head a little light from alcohol, John slips one hand under the table and rests his palm just above Sherlock’s knee. The man jolts in response but otherwise doesn’t react except to take a large gulp of wine. Smirking into his own glass, John dances his hand a little higher up Sherlock’s thigh, enjoying the way Sherlock shifts in his seat.
And when John leaned over his shoulder to read an article on Sherlock’s laptop, Sherlock turned his head fully to stare at the side of his face. John glanced at him, smiled softly, then wandered away.
John rolls his eyes, reaches over and snatches the cigarette from his mouth, turning it over and shoving it back between his lips.
John smiles down at Sherlock’s sleeping form on the couch, remembering coming down in the morning after the Tesco incident and finding Sherlock asleep in the exact place and position he is in now.
Rudy is now standing upright, dabbing tears from his face with a handkerchief. He smiles at John, shaking his head in a self-deprecating manner.
Sherlock ignores her completely as his eyes flit over the screen. His eyebrows twitch upwards for a second before his face turns expressionless, the movement so quick John couldn't be sure he hadn't imagined it. He studies the picture for another moment before using his thumb to swipe right. Rachel twitches slightly towards him as he glances through her photos, but drops her hand just as quickly. After a minute or so, Sherlock stops swiping and pauses at a picture. He glances up at Rachel with a puckish look. She turns a deep red, huffs and holds out her hand expectantly. Sherlock's lips twitch but he tosses the phone at her without looking back at the screen. She fumbles to catch it, tapping the screen off as soon as it's steady. Not that John was looking.
John doesn’t move until she’s gone. Waits a beat. He sits up quickly, reaching over to switch on the lamp beside his bed. The room is unchanged.
They turn down into a street that once would have been full of suburban houses, but now contains what John can only describe as a building site. Some houses are still standing but in terrible condition, broken windows, paint flaking off, overgrown gardens. Some are simply piles of brick and concrete. Outside one of the houses is a large wrecking ball, quite obviously recently used. The taxi slows to a stop and John shoots Sherlock a questioning look as the man pays the driver.
“What happened?” Evie asks, looking like she physically restraining herself from rushing over and giving Sherlock a hug.
John sees red and the next thing he knows, Sherlock's head has snapped to the side from a sharp shot to his cheek.
“Afraid not,” John lies, hovering for a second before settling on the other side of the sofa. “You alright?” He asks again, sipping at his tea.
Eurus looks away from John, to his relief, her smirk transforming into a mild smile as she looks up at her mother. “Nowhere in particular.”
“Hey, what’s going on? Is he okay?” A loud voice barks, a big burly man pushing his way into the ring.
“It’s fine John. Rachel here is simply upset that the man she loves has turned out to be someone she doesn’t know at all, and as I was the one to show her this discovery it is understandable she would reflect that resentment towards the messenger,” Rachel spluttered in indignation and Sherlock glances back at his phone, sounding bored. “I’m sure the guilt and frustration of not seeing the signs of a relapsing addict who she not only shared a roof but a bed with, must be rather overwhelming. We mustn’t hold her accountable to her rudeness. Even if I did do exactly what she asked of me,” He glances up at her again with hooded eyes. “Finding him.”
To Sherlock’s credit, he didn’t stumble or mutter anything too odd as they make their way slowly outside, eyes drawn down to his feet in concentration as the crowd parts to let them through. Once outside, however, he turns his head over towards John and says, “Did I fall over?”
for christ sake. John had kissed nearly everyone in his friendship group at some point or other when he was that age.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes a bit but then brightened considerably. "Oh! You were jesting! You did get the tampons after all!"
“No. It’s fine,” John interrupts, stuttering, “I heard what he said. You know, that you hadn’t erm. Yeah you hadn’t been there in-”
He takes a sip, other hand gliding leisurely higher until his pinky finger makes contact with Sherlock’s crotch. He sees Sherlock’s adam apple bob and lifts the finger up, using his nail to drag one long line from the base of Sherlock’s zipper down to the seat of the chair.
It took him a second to realise when Sherlock suddenly stopped talking, and he glanced up at his friend only to realise the man had also stopped walking. John turned and saw Sherlock standing a few paces behind, staring down into an alleyway with a small frown.
"I know. He expressed that,” Sherlock pauses before a nasty smile tilts his lips. “He was really...grateful." Sherlock says slowly, raising an eyebrow.
"You told me yourself that you don't smoke. You have none of the usual signs of the abuse of drink. Military bearing is easy to observe- you surveyed the entire room before returning your attention to me, and even now you stand 'at parade rest'. The limp I could hear when you walked in, and you hold your left shoulder more tightly than the right, which I can clearly see by comparing their heights. Troubled sleep is implied by recent service, though I admit it is at best speculation. Financial troubles would be the most likely reason to bring someone of your background to a place like this, especially given the fact that a surgeon might have a hard time securing usual employment with a tremor such as yours, despite how mild it is."
"We're here on business, as I'm sure you know." Stamford replied to both of us. "Sherlock Holmes, meet Dr. John Watson, your new roommate."
"What you did before, the licking and biting? That was good. Do it again." I whispered into his ear. He shivered and complied, watching me with his big eyes as he worked his way down my chest and to my belly. He smirked as he grazed the other nipple this time and I hissed as quietly as I could. "Let's not have any interruptions this time, yeah?"
"Oh." He sighed, shuffled around a bit and looked up at my face from under his curled fringe, "Yes?"
"It is sex, Irene."  I shrugged, "Just because my dick isn't in you doesn't make it something else."
"No. I'll do it." Sherlock said, decisively. He undid my top button, then the second, and struggled for a second with the flap, "I see you're already in costume."
"Only the usual two today."  She replied, pulled her underwear to one side and lowered herself onto me.  "Don't move."
"It doesn't, but what does that have to do with…" The expression on my face must have sufficiently betrayed my confusion, because he cut me off without delay.
"Yes.  Very standard, of course."  Her smile turned wicked, "But at least I can't mistake it for anything else."
By the time I reached the top of the stairs, Holmes was standing in the middle of a large cluttered but narrow room, complete with several small bags of luggage that looked suspiciously familiar sitting near the door.
By the time I had assured Sherlock of this conclusion, Anderson had finally decided that the word "Adler" written on the paper clearly meant the girl had been poisoned by an adder.
I put a finger to his lips, "It's all fine, remember?" I slowly brought myself closer to him, and kissed him, close mouthed. He hid his face in my shoulder, and I felt a little dampness.
We looked with concern at one another, but then burst into laughter. He looked down at me from his position firmly on top and asked, tentatively, "Green?"
"Let me tell you, shall I? You don't drink, you don't smoke. You are recently from war, walk with a limp, and have some form of shoulder injury. Probably your sleep is troubled, and you are financially in trouble. I think that is enough to be getting on with, don't you?"
We had spoken at nearly the same time, and Sherlock's face fell a little. "I suppose I can stand to tidy up a bit." He said.
"Wonderful." I was unimpressed at what felt like a wasted trip, but was happy enough to go back to my comfortable chair. I spent the ride home convincing myself that I was looking forward to a quiet evening at home. I was starting to wonder why Sherlock was always so quiet on hansom rides when he was otherwise very talkative.
"Hm."  She tilted her head a little as she regarded me with an odd look on her face, "I rather like you, John Watson.  You are welcome to visit anytime, you'll have a half-off deal every time."
"What can I say? I have sensitive skin." I shrugged the shirt over my shoulders, but Sherlock leaned down over me before I could get my arms free.
"I don't like it, I think it's lame." He kept frowning, "But I like you, and I like this, so I'll try."
Eventually we reached his destination, and he ran up the stairs to the front door. When I finally made it up behind him Sherlock smiled, "Are you ready to meet an institution?"
So I did.  It didn't last long, in the end.  Mere moments and it was over.  Glorious moments, a rise and then a fall, like they say in the songs.  A clenching all over, and then the wonderful total body relaxation.
"Why yes, my dear Watson. These people are actual police." Sherlock smirked, "And in the event that you were wondering, yes, I am actually a consulting detective. The Government only hires the real deal, you see, those two chuckleheads not withstanding."
He hissed his displeasure and through clenched teeth finally bit out, "Green. Yes, whichever. Whatever it will take to get you to stop teasing me!"
It was early morning, and Sherlock didn't seem immediately interested in getting started.  He lounged, he sighed, and finally he flopped over onto me.
"They can be done separately, then.  Yes.  I like that.  I do want to be able to do that without having to do as I'm told."
I was expecting to fumble a little with the clasp, but it was in the front and quite simple, comparatively speaking, to some bras I had encountered previously.  I even managed with only one hand, so I watched raptly as her ample chest spilled towards me, her nipples already large and erect.  I fervently hoped it wasn't the chill of the room, but rather anticipation that made them that way.  I cupped them gently at the sides, pleased that they overflowed in all directions.
I followed her up the stairs and into a room decadently upholstered and decorated mainly in red and black.
"Yes, but..." I hissed back, but stopped in my tracks as I saw the person who could only be Ms. Adler. She was truly a work of art, all beautiful dark skin for miles and black curly hair, beautifully decked out in pure crisp white lingerie.
"Good." Satisfied, he bit little kisses into my chest from clavicle to iliac crest, dragging hisses out of me as he grazed a nipple with his teeth. Warmth spread through me, and I was suddenly so glad things had turned out this way.
I leaned in close and whispered in his ear, being careful not to touch him at all, "I won't touch you until you do."
"Yes, I had gathered. A pleasure, I'm sure." He shook my hand, a firm shake, stronger than I had given him credit for. I was delighted. A strong handshake is a good indicator of a strong personality, I find. "Yes, splendid. I trust the smell of strong tobacco does not offend you?"
Not sure how to answer, but sure that I didn't like where this was going, I swiftly extricated myself from the bookshelf and the apartment altogether.
"Well, I didn't actually call him that to his face." I admitted, "He offered me money to spy on you. I told him to leave."
"Is everything alright in there Sherlock? I heard you come in last night…" I kindly looking lady stood in the door, took one look at me, nodded, and turned right back around, "I'll just come back later, then, shall I? Mrs. Hudson, by the way. Nice to meet you.  Not your housekeeper, so please try and keep it tidier."
I shrugged out of the shirt and let it fall to the floor.  Her eyes sharpened, and I knew what she was seeing.  The shoulder wound was bad, I knew.  And this was the first time anyone other than a doctor or Sherlock had seen it.  I clenched my jaw.
"Good. I like kissing." I pulled him down so he was almost sitting on the ledge of the bookshelf and gently licked into his mouth. He whined and pursued me in turn. He was an enthusiastic kisser, though not terribly skilled. I took my time, and he was a quick learner, picking up in skill level astonishingly fast. I got the impression he had perhaps not been kissed too much in the past. I slid a hand behind his head and raked my blunt nails in his scalp, he gasped loudly.
It was dark by the time we arrived at 221, and Sherlock confirmed that Mrs. Hudson would probably be asleep. It was a narrow building, as all of the buildings on Baker Street were, and tall. The first stairs up to the landing were hard on my hip, and I watched with increasing frustration as Holmes took them two or three at a time. He waited at the top for me, producing a set of old looking keys when I finally made it. It was dark inside, and the hall was narrow. We took the door to the left and went up another flight of stairs that seemed interminable, like it would never end.
"I was waiting for you to ask." I squinted at him, lifting my hand reluctantly away from his posterior. "Is there something you would like me to do, maybe?"
"No." I stood up and prowled towards him, as best I could with my leg still being awful, "No, I very much want to continue that session. However, I do not like having an incidental audience- it's a hard no for me. Being intimate with you, in private, is very much a yes."
We didn't catch a hansom this time, but instead I followed Sherlock on a mad dash through the streets of London, during which I was surprised to note he was exceptionally fit for someone who seemed to spend most of his time lounging around. If I myself hadn't been in decent trim I might well have gotten left behind.
"You know how to stroke and you know how to lick. All you have to do is put them together in a way that feels natural to you."
Finally I dragged him with me to the park for a walk, him muttering the whole while. I had hoped that the fresh air would help bring him out of his funk, but unfortunately it made things worse. He said nasty thing about the people around us, then when we got back he sequestered himself in his room again and I didn't see him for a few more days.
He ambitiously tried to take me to the root and came up spluttering. Where I had managed not to laugh before, I failed now.
I followed him inside, then down stairs and through corridors until I was nearly lost. The room at the end of the last hall proclaimed itself to be the morgue, or so said the plaque on the door. This concerned me a bit given the nature of the village. I lost track of that thought however when Stamford opened the door. Just on the other side of said door stood a fellow resembled a beanpole. He turned, and after half a glance, asked,
My nails were blunt, but I raked them from Sherlock's ass all the way up into his hair, and he made a helpless noise as I did. I closed my fingers in the thick hair at the nape of his neck, and tugged gently. Sherlock whimpered. "Yes?" I asked quietly.
Sherlock's smile widened, and he nocked loudly on the door. The door opened almost immediately to reveal a very short person, dressed in a stiff Victorian dress in butter yellow pinstripe.
"Enchanted." She glided across the room, her thunderous thighs sliding like silk together as she walked. She offered me a hand, which I dutifully kissed.  It was all oddly formal, but felt familiar and natural with her, "I am Ms. Irene Adler. I hear you would like to discuss a murder."
"Oh." I sat down hard. This was the first I had heard of anyone being so much as related to Sherlock. "Do you want to talk about them?"
"Good." I licked a strip up his ear from the lobe to the top, and dragged my teeth along as I went. He hissed. "Perfect is right."
"Oh, Sherlock, no." I allowed regret to tinge my voice, "No. Using the safeword only ends the session for the day, not forever, just for the moment."
A blustery exhale came from my companion, but we followed Lestrade up the cramped stairwell and out into a wide and strangely bare room. I will spare you the gruesome details of the poor girl's body, but some details must be shared for you to understand the situation. She was trussed up in fine red cords and not much else, though the accoutrements of a scandalously good time lay around her on the bed. The only other furniture in the room was a hard-backed wooden chair and a writing table, on which there was a piece of paper.
I had expected nothing less, though I had hoped he might have a clearer idea by this point, being as intelligent as he was.    BDSM and sex are not synonymous, and having a clear idea of whether or not he wanted both at the moment might have helped me plan a little.  I prefer to have things planned out, if possible, especially given my most recent encounter with Irene.  Not that anything went wrong, or anything.  But communication is important, as evidenced by the little misunderstanding with Sherlock, which could easily have ruined everything between us forever if either of us had been more inclined to take things the wrong way.  And I was winding myself up unnecessarily.  There was a simple solution to all this.
Sherlock got a sour face, and stopped with his hand halfway into my pants, fingers mere millimetres from my cock, "Never talk about him in bed with me, please."
"Not yet."  A delicately manicured hand held me at arm's length, "I can see you're most accustomed to taking charge yourself, but today allow me to do the work for you."
"Not consciously, perhaps." He shrugged and echoed my words back at me, squeezing me, where I had clearly grown in the time we'd been talking, "I don't judge. But why don't we keep going before Mrs. Hudson barges in again."
He looked puzzled, and I mimed a jerking off motion. His expression went flat again. I smirked and shrugged, "You can call a colour any time."
"What are you looking for today, then Doctor?"  She closed the door behind us, and gestured to a chaise lounge.  I sat as directed.
"Oh, never mind, I know exactly what you thought." He sneered, "She is beautiful, how could she possibly be the one we are looking for?  How could she be capable of premeditated murder?"
I stood, my hat in my hand, "You have our deepest and most sincere apologies, My Lady. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I am Doctor John Watson, and this is my colleague Mr. Sherlock Holmes."
"No." He said firmly. "But the last time I imagined doing this and did what I thought you laughed at me."
"Good."  She ran her hands over both shoulders from my neck down to my biceps, then closed her nails into fists, the sensation making me shiver.  The part that didn't have sensation felt odd, of course, as she trailed over it, but the rest felt just fine.  She smiled.  "Yes, very good.  The rest of you is sensitive enough.  It'll do."
"Splendid!" Sherlock galloped up the stairs, "Just let me get my hat- go ahead. I'll meet you there."
"Sociopath, actually. Problem?" I had my doubts about that, as I could see he cared quite a bit about my opinion on this, despite his very deliberately flippant tone.
"I'm sure I'll be seeing the two of you around during regular hours of operation." Stamford's jovial expression made an impression on me as he finished, "You'll get on famously, I'm sure of it."
"Okay." I smiled, and did it again. He surged forward and pushed me back to the couch, where we fell in an ungainly muddle onto its overstuffed cushions. "Oof!"
"Yes Ma'am."  I smiled, looking up at her dark eyes.  This was going to be fun.   Difficult, since she was not as strong as me, but willing submission is a heady drug.
He took one look at me, eyes wide and his expression turned stormy.  "You've been to see the Woman!"
My hands were loosing circulation a little, but the discomfort was outweighed by the sensations Sherlock was eliciting. Not usually one for being captive, I was surprisingly comfortable under his wiry bulk.
"Good enough for now." He smiled when I said it, and I was suddenly aware that I was in this thing a good deal deeper than I'd expected for having just met this man yesterday. "I will ask for colours if I'm not sure, but otherwise I expect you to speak up if you run into something you don't like, okay?"
"Yes." I leaned up, and kissed his nose as I pulled the shirt tails out of my trousers. Clearly I was taking too long, because Sherlock started undoing the buttons from the bottom while I worked from the top down. His fingers grazed my skin and I shivered.
He complied eagerly, and I enjoyed the sight of his shirt rucked up and wrinkled from the awkward sleeping position. I slowly unbuttoned the shirt, and dragged my hands across his chest, noting but not commenting on the stark scars under his pecs.
"Oh, Heavens yes." I, more fool I, bounded down the stairs after him, his brilliant grin intoxicating and burned forever into my mind's eye. I didn't know where I stood with him, but things couldn't be too bad if he was dragging me along with him on whatever this adventure was going to be.
"Yes please, parched." I followed him, and got a bit of a shock. If the other room had been bad, this one was really awful. No food anywhere, but chemical messes and miscellaneous books took over every surface. "Actually, how about we do some cleaning first?"
"So it's Mycroft Holmes." Sherlock shrugged, "I have another, older, brother and a younger sister as well, I'm afraid."
"Nice to meet you." I sighed as the door closed behind her. Well, so much for that encounter. And it had been going so well.
I took a deep breath, "Yes Ma'am."   Then I paused, reconsidered, and asked, "Is Ma'am okay?  What are your pronouns?"
I wasn't sure where I was going, exactly, but after some time I found myself at a familiar townhouse with pure white curtains and a door red as a fire truck.  Not sure what I was expecting, I nocked on the door.
We took a hansom to the scene, which turned out to be a townhouse at the other end of the village. Sherlock didn't say a word the whole way, and out of deference to the weird truce we had going on, neither did I. We beat Sherlock's friend by a scant few moments, and it's a good thing, too. There were constables at the front door, and they were not friendly.
"I appreciate your concern." The sarcasm was thick in his voice. "And just to be clear, there is nothing going on between us. You very clearly ended it yourself."
"A doctor of medicine, then. Yes. As I suspected. An army doctor will do quite nicely." He was tall, this gentleman, with dark hair and a hooked nose. Striking more than handsome, I would say. "I am an amateur chemist, myself, and often conduct experiments. Would that bother you, do you think?"
"Hm." Sherlock's expression changed from fractious to contemplative, "You have given me something to think about."
"Care to come with me to a crime scene? Might be dangerous..." His tone was wheedling, and I could tell I was being manipulated, but I didn't care.
They clattered down the stairs, the Umbrella and Anthea muttering grumpily to one another as they went.
I drew away as she finished and looked around for something to wipe off on.  Finding nothing, I licked my hands clean.  She stared up at me, grinning, "You enjoy that almost as much as the sex, don't you?"
"I want." He set his jaw firmly, and there was a crease between his brows. He set to work, rather faster than I expected, so I may have made a little noise. It only encouraged him, which encouraged me to make more noise, too. He delicately closed his lips around the head and hummed around me.  A jolt of pleasure went through me.
"I very much doubt you object to someone who can actually throw you around.  How do you feel about threesomes?"
I followed Madeline in, and looked up the stairs to see that Ms. Adler had chosen to wear pure white once again.  This time it was mostly lace and somehow more revealing than before, despite covering more of her ample real estate.  She was, as before, resplendent.
"You like it." I smiled, tugging gently at thick clumps of his hair. He looked up at me through long lashes.
There came another nock on the door, and we both frowned at it, before Sherlock went to open it. On the other side was a disgruntled looking Lestrade,
"Madeline, please give these men the information they require." Ms. Adler smiled, "You are welcome to a free session, each of you, should you ever wish it. Madeline?"
"You are correct. I do not usually take clients off site, either, however, this particular client had some very specific requirements which I am not at liberty to discuss. I will, however, say that you might track down her husband to inform him as to the whereabouts of his wife. I can have Madeline give you the woman's full name and address, as we keep those on file here."
"Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade, with Scotland Yard, at your service." There was no hesitation and no stumbling over the rehearsed words, and I was deeply impressed that no notes of humor came through. "Someone has actually died, though, so we should all get to it before this becomes a publicity issue."
I peeled the vest off, and immediately his deft fingers were at my collar, pulling the buttons loose as he went. "Easy, easy. I'm not going anywhere."
"It's okay. I just need to..." He stood suddenly, "I need a shower." He turned on his heel and left.
My lips pursed and as soon as our yellow-dressed friend had left, I hissed at Sherlock, "Did you just take us to a serial killer's place of business?" I had no illusions as to what type of institution Ms. Adler was at this point. Clearly she ran some form of sexual services out of this building. What I didn't understand was why someone would have willfully left a crime scene so clearly implicating themselves behind.
I woke up completely immobilized by Sherlock's limbs. Fanfics always say that one partner is like an octopus, but in the case of Sherlock Holmes- he was definitely the octopus type. I grunted, waking him up. If anything, his grip tightened, like I was an oversized teddy bear.
"Wrong." Sherlock shook his head ruefully, "What it must be like to have a brain as small as yours.... Those 'visitors' are plants. They work for Mycroft. They're actually social scientists here to study the whatever it is Mycroft is looking to learn."
"I don't." I smiled, "My gut tells me that you aren't the sort, in much the same way my gut is telling me that Ms. Adler is going to be trouble, even if she isn't the murderer."
The first thing I saw of our guests was a giant black umbrella followed by a pompous-looking individual dressed head-to-toe in oppressive black.
So that's how I found myself in an exclusive relationship with Sherlock Holmes not hours after having sex with the most notorious sex worker in London Village. Here we are, I guess. We slept together that night, though we didn't have sex. We slept next to each other and it was the single most intimate thing I'd done since I'd been discharged. We breathed one another's air, and despite the little discomforts of my arm here his leg there it was wonderful.
"He doesn't." Umbrella said flatly. "I want to employ your services. I understand you are not being compensated as much as you should be."
Of course, I knew she hadn't quite joined me, but I'd been expecting that.  A professional like her- not gonna be done easy.  I withdrew, she clamoured off, and I put the condom in a nearby trash bin.
"Three, actually, so far." Sherlock looked strangely pleased, "We have our very own serial killer, right here is London Village."
And that was the end of that good mood, I thought ruefully. Sherlock tilted his head at me and made as if to continue.
"Yes." I said, "Yes, this." I tugged him closer by the waistband of his formal slacks, and looked deep into grey eyes, "Is it okay?" I tugged again, more meaningfully this time. He looked confused for a second, then figured it out.
"I very much doubt that a woman of your repute would allow any of your employees to take a client anywhere other than the safety of your establishment." Sherlock's tone implied a question to which he felt he already knew the answer, and sure enough, Ms. Adler nodded thoughtfully.
"You lower the intelligence level of the entire room each time you open your mouth, Anderson. Kindly cease." Sherlock scoffed, "We've got everything we can from the scene, but there's a lead to follow. We'll get back to you when we have more."
"No, but you are a bit of a brat, aren't you?" I mused. Yes, we were going to get along very well, I thought. I trailed my hands down his back again, firmly this time, being sure to activate the muscles on either side of his spine.
I grinned, but didn't go any faster.  Now it was my turn.  I started with my fingers, dragging them gently from the top down on either side of the clitoral hood, scratching gently through the fluid there.
"I do what I am paid to do, Doctor."  She smiled, "Call me Irene, Dear.  But of course, I do have some preferences.  I prefer not to use verbal humiliation, and I prefer advance notice for anything involving urine or feces."
"Ah, thank you for the introduction." Sherlock Holmes looked down his long nose at stout Stamford, who almost made as if to offer a hug. He must have thought better of it, because he offered a hand instead. This was accepted, and before he left, he cuffed me carefully on the right shoulder.
"Aren't there actual police to deal with this?" I whispered to Sherlock as we followed Lestrade passed the glaring Donovan and Anderson.
"We're here to talk to her about a murder. I think you'll find she has the time." Sherlock replied bluntly.
"Yes. Very good." I confirmed. I petted long strokes down his back, but he squirmed violently, so I stopped, "Sherlock?"
He preened under the praise and his usually quite sallow cheeks coloured a little. Clearly the praise thing was something I would need to incorporate a little more often.
For three days I didn't see Sherlock at all. I don't know if he was holed up in his room sulking or if he had snuck out each morning before I was awake, but either way I was busy enough that I didn't spare too much concern for the situation. During the day I went to the hospital and treated minor ailments and injuries, and in the evenings I read the newspaper in a comfortable chair in the living room. I quickly learned to wash any dishes or kitchen implements before using them, which wasn't really such a hardship in the end.
He was not practiced with this type of trousers, but really, who is these days? He opened my flies and exhaled heartily. I twitched, and he grinned. What was I getting myself into? Never mind, we all know it's about sex att this point.
"If I touch it, will it cause you pain?"  She took the last step toward me, looking up the half a head or so to my eyes.
"That's it." I shrugged, "There isn't really much to it, it's repetitive and will make your jaw and wrist sore. We can do something else if you don't want..."
"Not a child." He whined, grinding down on the arm of the chair with an unexpected wiggle at the end. My suspicion was confirmed, he was getting off on this. At least his ardour hadn't been put off by the serious conversation.
"Information gathering. We're going to visit every corner of London Village and learn everything there is to know." Sherlock propped himself up on his wrists, "For example, I already know that while this apartment isn't bugged, the hospital, the morgue, and Lestrade's office all are."
The fourth day was Saturday, and as such I could have slept in. Instead I was up at the crack of dawn as usual, and was sitting in my usual chair with the paper, a mug of tea and some breakfast when the door bell rang. Sherlock streaked out of what I assumed was his room and tromped loudly down the stairs. I could hear the conversation as it wafted up the echoey stairs.
"No." Sherlock got up and took my mug of tea, "Can I have this?" He had drunk the last of it before I had a chance to reply, so I shrugged, somewhat bemused.
I laughed, chagrined, "Fair enough.  That's how I usually start scenes, myself- asking what my partner wants.  I guess I am looking for a distraction today.  I need to get out of my own head for a bit."
"Maybe?"  I shook my head, "I had a good time, but it wasn't really about much more than sex, so I guess it really depends."
"Ms. Adler is booked up for today. Can I make you an appointment for another day?" They looked down their nose at us, a slight sneer on their face.
"She/her. Ma'am is fine.  Now relax."  She shoved me, hard, into the cushions, and I groaned. "You are overthinking."
He grumbled, but untwisted himself from around me and let me go. I took deep breaths, and navigated to the washroom mostly by feel. I did what I had to do while there, washed up, and went back to bed only to find that in my absence Sherlock had spread out to take up the entirety of available space. "Budge over if you want cuddles."
He looked up at me as he did, as if questioning, but then smirked as my eyes slid closed. "Good. Again. You can be firmer. No teeth."
We followed them into a little parlour, complete with overstuffed stiff couches and chairs, all in opulent red. "Wait here."
"Oh, Sherlock, I shouldn't laugh." I wheezed, "It's alright. Perfectly natural. Happens all the time."
"Let us see- what other of my faults might trouble you? Oh yes. I sometimes keep to myself for days on end, you mustn't think that I am sulking or upset with you, I simply take some time occasionally to process things."
"You're right. But," I shook my head, "Wouldn't it be better if we didn't make ourselves too obvious about this?"
"Follow me, Doctor."  She turned, and said over her shoulder to Madeline, "See that we aren't disturbed."
He laughed flatly, "That's fair, I suppose.  Except I'm really not in on it.  I came here voluntarily as a kind of AA program.  I didn't realize the extent of it, of course, until it was too late, and then it was never really worth it to try and leave- I have all the things I really need here."
"And you say she was tied with my trademarked items?" She husked, "What makes you think it was me who attended her?"
"I don't prefer to be interrupted.  I prefer kinks to be pre-negotiated.  No pegging today as I haven't had a chance to clean up."  I shrugged apologetically, "I imagine you're good at it, but I wasn't actually intending to come here when I left the apartment.  How about you, Ms. Adler?"
"Right." I muttered. I was pretty sure I hadn't done anything wrong.... And then I remembered how he'd not wanted to take off his shirt, and how familiar that type of squirming was, and how he'd said 'not this time' when I'd asked about his trousers. I resolved to let him come to me about it, if and when he wanted to, and so I went about the mundane task of making tea.
Sherlock did not immediately retreat into his room upon our arrival home, but instead stood by the window with his violin playing what might charitably have been called music for some time. Finally he rounded on me,
I shuddered. He was doing well for this being the first time, and his grip was firm and strong, unlike many weak-wristed fellows.
"Since the beginning. It's actually Sherrinford's project originally. He got tired of it and Mycroft took over. He's who I refer to as 'the Government'."
"Demanding," I teased, but slipped a finger inside to see what I was working with- plenty of room, as expected.
"That depends, really."  I sighed, "I wanted to keep going, but...  Knowing that you're in on this bizarre conspiracy makes me a little uncomfortable about putting my penis anywhere near you."
I may have been a little distracted by Ms. Adler's appearance during the conversation between Ms. Adler and Sherlock, but followed the conversation as best I could. Sherlock was in rare form, having copied my formal greeting himself before smoothly transitioning into a more in depth conversation. Ms. Adler did not join us in sitting, but rather stalked the room much like a large cat might pace its cage.
"The thought had crossed my mind. I know it isn't a sensible thought." I shrugged, a little taken aback, "Anyone could be a murderer. For all I know you could be the culprit, I've barely known you a few days."
He leaned down and kissed me again, his over-eager teeth met mine in a short clash before we adjusted to the new position. He grazed his hand down my chest and tugged at my shirt, "Off?"
"Gentlemen." Her voice was deep and smoky, baritone where I was expecting soprano. "Welcome to my humble establishment. I hear you upset my secretary. I do wish you hadn't done that."
I crawled back over to her, and gently pulled her panties down her legs and off.  I was pleased to see that while she was well groomed, she was not entirely hairless.  I myself have always thought that smacks a little of underage play and it makes me mildly uncomfortable.
She leaned down and kissed me, soft and skilled where Sherlock had been determined and pushy.  Irene's hand went to the back of my head and gently held me there when I would have deepened the kiss.  She shook her head and smiled, pushing me backwards into the overstuffed chaise as she stepped forward into my lap.
"Excuse me?" I put down my tea. "I am a veteran who walks with a limp. I have a set schedule and very settled routines from which I rarely deviate. How hard can it be?"
Sherlock crawled up into my lap as soon as it was over, and curled his lanky self carefully around me.
"One moment please." The door shut in Sherlock's face. After a few moments had passed, the door opened again, "Please come in." Our yellow-dressed friend's face was as pale as the dress and they seemed somewhat subdued.
"Not recently, and never because I just wanted to." He frowned, "But I want to now, with you. Is that okay?"
Then there was a nock at the door, and Mrs. Hudson let them in. I heard hushed voices, then it took the stranger some time to make it up the stairs. I waited patiently in my chair, sipping my tea.
"Holmes!" Lestrade chided from ahead, "She's up the stairs. You could show some respect for the dead, you know."
She looked down at me and stepped out of her white chunky heels, forward and extended a hand to shove me down to the bed. I let out a little air as I went, laughing a little at the absurdity of being pushed around so easily.  She raised an eyebrow as if to ask if I was going to play along.  I spread my arms out to my sides as if to say 'I'm here, aren't I?'
"If we can all get out of here.  If you're up to help me.  If you really are interested in more, and if you want to be exclusive."
"Yes, thank you." Umbrella sat across from me and Anthea sat next to him. "I understand some hazard pay might be in order, as well I would like you to keep me appraised regarding the state of Sherlock Holmes."
"Fair enough, Doctor Watson." A slim individual in black Victorian dress stepped out from behind Umbrella. "You may call me Anthea. My pronouns are she/her. I am Mr. Holmes' secretary."
He sighed, as if I should already know the answer.  I can recognize when a brat needs something they can't articulate, of course, so I was really just checking to see how self aware he was.
"That makes no sense. First of all, they can't legally do that- it won't stand up in court. And what about all the visitors who come and go every day?" I must have made a very interesting face, because Sherlock laughed humorlessly. "We can leave the same way they do."
"I remember." He growled, licking a firm swirl around me. Precocious. I firmly scratched into his scalp, being careful not to accidentally pull any hairs, he tilted his head back and hissed through his teeth.
She trailed her hands down my chest, leaving trails of pain as she went.  It was just what I needed, and I let my head loll back.  "Yes..."  I hissed.
She nodded, and turned away.  I almost took a step forward to follow, but she shouted, "No!  You stay where I tell you."
His hands found the bottom of my sweater vest, and dug roughly into my stomach. I huffed a laugh, "Here, I'll help."
"Oh, I see." I nodded, "Okay, we're going to be really literal here, then. A few rules before we start; 1 no teeth, 2 no bending at awkward angles, and 3 no trying to choke yourself- there are more pleasant ways to do that."
"Would you like me to explain for you?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow, "It's simple really. It's always the same. You are down on your luck in some way, then out of the blue you receive a letter addressed to you from a place you have never heard of, offering steady and regular employment. All you have to do is give up your normal life, which hasn't been going well, for six months and live onsite. It sounds like a great deal, doesn't it? But of course it is a trap."
I paused to give him a moment to recover, during which he made a few faces which, out of deference to his personal dignity I shall not describe. "Shall I show you?"
"Yes. Oh." Well aware of what he'd suddenly become aware of, I patiently asked again, "Do you want me to keep going?"
The paper was a conundrum that Donovan and Lestrade debated in hushed voices at one end of the room while Sherlock grilled me on the details of the poor girl's condition. Despite the condition of her skin, she seemed to have died of some sort of poison and not anything which might have occurred during the active and creative session of sexual congress prior to her death.
“-Nah, not really.” He gives her a cold smile. “I can’t help you. Nor do I really want to, to be honest.” John takes a step back as she shuffles towards him. She freezes. “Sherlock is the best thing that’s ever happened to me, and I don’t need
Come say hello to me on my tumblr! Or if you have any questions, I am more than happy to answer them.
Even so, it feels different. With his older friend, it was always the cases, the chases and fights. Getting into trouble together and risking their lives. Terrifying and glorious.
Sherlock breaks away from his mouth again, his head falling backwards as he pants into the air, eyes closed and mouth hanging open and John jolts as he looks up into his young face, cheeks flushed, skin smooth.
Sherlock blinks at him with a blank expression, large eyes unfocused like he doesn’t know where he is.
“You have an annoying tendency to overthink things, John,” he states in such a matter-of-fact way, considering their positions, that John blinks and can’t help himself from huffing out a laugh.
“Substitute buses,” Sherlock replies promptly, tracing one lithe index finger in the spilt tea to make a pattern.
He’s always assumed Sherlock was more gay than straight, even though the man has never fully expressed otherwise. Never expressed anything of that matter at all, really, if you disregard the vague comments during their first dinner together at Angelo’s. But for some reason, John’s never been able to imagine Sherlock with a woman. Not even Irene Adler, regardless of what he’s said in the past. John remembers the awkward way Sherlock has stood, rigid, while Janine was kissing him. The sight then had made John squirm in discomfort, and does now too. No, Sherlock doesn’t suit being with a woman. John couldn’t coherently explain why, he just knows it.
“Sure, yeah I’ll just..” John trails off awkwardly, sliding off the bed. He turns back once he reaches the door. “I didn’t mean to pry, I’m sorry.”
Jules focuses on his face again with difficulty, then elaborates. “A li’l ‘puff puff’,” he mimics taking two quick drags of his cigarette with a loopy smile, “Somet’mes a pill or two when it’s a birthday.” He shrugs.
John stops and looks into his eyes. Glances at the girl. One pair unusually pale in contrast to dark skin, the other a warm brown. Both look concerned. Both look sincere. John slumps. He doesn’t trust them, not really, but at this point what can he do? He needs their help.
“And then, well you were engaged and—I just wanted you to be happy. After everything. After I ruined everything.” He gives a small causal shrug that is a contrast to his sad face and picks up the fairy lights again and John
“Definitely something I will have forgotten about, come an hour or so,” Sherlock says airily, lips twitching.
John had stared at his friend, wondering he had officially gone mad when Teddy had laughed again, this time in delight. Sherlock gave a small smug smile and produced his hidden hand, his phone in it and Teddy’s Facebook page on the screen.
He’s quite obviously still under the influence of whatever he’s taken, pupils still dilated and speech a little slurred.
“So, you think he took the blame?” John clarifies, eyes flicking over to Sherlock, who is whipping Victor’s bum with a tea towel as the other boy attempts to jump out of the way without spilling water all over the floor. He aims a kick at Sherlock, who side-steps it with a laugh.
They had very recently come back from a crime scene, in which Sherlock had proceeded to execute his routine of yelling aggressively at a victim in order to make them speak quickly. John is rather used to this, but it still makes him shake his head in disapproval or snap Sherlock’s name in warning. This time, however, it was a very old lady whose deaf husband had been found dead with multiple stab wounds in their bathroom.
“You must see it,” John snaps desperately, the other man’s lack of concern irritating him. “How can you not see it? You see
“Right,” John frowns, sliding an arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and, without a backwards glance, begins walking him towards the exit.
Sherlock isn't budging, his eyes still narrowed and his hands are clenched by his sides. God, why is he making this so hard? It was such a stupid, petty argument. It didn't even mean anything. They've had worst fights, much worse, but this seems to have really hit something within the detective. John doesn't know what to do. He's said what he came to say, now he's stuck in Sherlock's dark room with the man looking unforgiving in front of him.
“No, I will, just..” he doesn’t finish his sentence, just pulls John into his room and locking the door.
“And where did you go?” Mrs Holmes asks, appearing at the table with another plate which she places in front of her daughter.
The shadow is smaller than Sherlock, he belated realises. The black halo around its head too long to be Sherlock’s hair.
John shakes his head and climbs the stairs back to his room. This time, he falls straight to sleep as soon as his head touches the pillow.
"Get your coat." Sherlock orders, grabbing his own and throwing it on with a flourish before opening the front door. He stands there, watching John expectantly. When John makes no move to comply he raises his eyebrows.
grasp over his emotions, had picked himself up, stared down at his grazed hands where small dots of blood were oozing out of his skin, and had then proceeded to punch the boy in the face.
He stops a foot away, takes a deep breath, before turning back to Jules with a cold smile, leaning in close.
Eurus is now giving Sherlock a dark look while he gazes impassively back at her. She turns away in disgust and fixes an overly-friendly grin to Victor who pales considerably.
“If anyone is holding a weapon, I would advise you drop it as I don’t fancy getting hit in the face.”
By this point, Sherlock had forgotten what love felt like, but he knew something was up when his stomach ached, his hands got clammy, and his heart raced even when he was just sitting in his chair at Baker Street.
is asleep. John wonders if that’s why he can’t doze off, because he can’t hear the usual crashing and bashing coming from his housemate in his room below. Their fight earlier had drained John to exhaustion and he had expected to have gone out like a light once in bed. But no.
Sherlock had shrugged, ignoring that comment because it was a stupid thing to say but he didn’t want to call Victor stupid because he thought maybe that would make him sad.
"Yeah, thanks for that. I feel awful," John grumbled. He let himself sit for a moment, feeling out the ache in his legs before hefting himself up off of the sofa. Just as John was standing upright, a warm hand enclosed around his wrist and tugged him back down onto the cushions. John landed with a huff and blinked into Sherlock’s very blue, and very close, eyes owlishly.
John follows the heavy grunts and thumping into the kitchen, "What the hell are you-" he stops. And stares. "-doing."
John doesn’t doubt the threat for a second and everyone immediately turns their eyes to Sherlock, who shoots John and Victor a betrayed look.
Mycroft had stepped into his room a few hours later, taken one look at Sherlock on the bed and had sighed.
John turns to survey him, suspicious. “Why do you want to help me?” They could both be working for Eurus, for all he knows. Or whoever has dumped him here.
A slow gradual smile tilts Sherlock’s lips, and John’s eyes are drawn to them as a hazy image of fingertips softly brushing that mouth fills his mind. A bit embarrassed, he quickly looks away.
“I do, I do, I'm in love with you,” Sherlock had muttered, turning his face to the side so that he was murmuring into the man’s neck.
“A bit,” Sherlock replies, plopping down on his bed and resting his feet up high on the wall above him. John considers his upside down head, mystified by the modesty.
Sherlock doesn’t look away from his book until John is standing right next to him, forced to lean over his body to grab the bundle where is sits on the other side of the bed. John pauses momentarily as Sherlock runs an utterly shameless eye over his chest, and feels himself flushing slightly in response. He escapes back to the bathroom.
John fell down on the sofa, exhausted and Sherlock slumped down next to him and tilted his head back, closing his eyes.
“I’m sure you’ll survive,” Sherlock murmurs lowly, sliding a hand up John’s arm to rest on his shoulder.
John grabs at Sherlock’s wrists sharply, tugs his hands away and pulls his head back to regard the flushed features and flickering eyelids.
“So? It’s not as if the manager is going to fire me, is he.” Sherlock muttered, eyes still down on his phone.
“For compensation, you boys can wash up the rest of my dishes. And your own, of course. Well? Hop to!”
John is shoving his keys into the inner pocket of his bag when Teddy slides up next to him. "Sorry about the mess mate, I didn't really know what I had got myself into until I was elbow deep in pig intestine."
“Come on.” The sky moved away from John’s sight, and the next thing he knew he was tucked up in bed shivering madly. John opened his eyes at a squint and saw Sherlock watching him from where he was seated on the bed’s edge.
been. He hears Rachel gasp behind him as she enters the room, dropping her hand from his jacket to cover her mouth. John turns to Sherlock expectantly.
"Hey, hey, it's okay. We just want to make sure you're okay," John placated, watching as sharp blue eyes jumped from his face to Sherlock's then back again in quick succession.
Maybe this younger Sherlock, not traumatised by his sister’s actions, is less guarded when it comes to relationships. Maybe this Sherlock
John grins, rolling Sherlock onto his back and hovering over his face, hands bracketing the disheveled head. The other boy stares up at him, a bit breathless.
Dark green eyes, the colour of moss, flick over to John and he raises an auburn eyebrow in question.
John wills himself not to flush, raising an eyebrow at Sherlock’s tented boxers in turn. Sherlock casts a quick eye around his room, darts over to the floor and picks up a sheet that was kicked away during the night. He wraps it around his shoulders, effectively hiding the evidence, and pads over to the door where Victor has taken up knocking a annoyingly repetitive pattern onto the wood.
That’s a lie. He slept here after he found out Mary was the one who shot Sherlock, when the curtain of deceit was cruelly ripped away to bare all in an act of unnecessary dramatics that almost cost him Sherlock’s life. Again. He couldn’t stand being near her. Couldn’t stand the thought of Sherlock in pain and ignoring it because no one was here tell him to
“I’m entering the shed...now,” the feminine voice drones before a grey head pops around the doorframe. Brown eyes, hooded with wrinkles, assess the room and flick between the three boys with an unimpressed look. They rest on Sherlock and the rest of the woman appears, arms folded across her chest.
John wipes a tear from his face, grimacing suddenly as he smears the content of his palm over his cheek.
The first floor consists of a stretching hallway with many closed doors. Sherlock had vaguely pointed out his own room, before leading John further down the corridor to a bedroom at the very end.
John had winced in sympathy, remember how the man in question had passed suddenly five years ago due to an undiagnosed tumour in the brain. Teddy had been extremely close to him.
The list contains a series of words and/or short sentences that wouldn't make sense to anyone but himself and probably Sherlock. The thing is, in the many months John has been living with Sherlock Holmes he has come to realise that the man in question has a strange, and very occasional,
John scowls. What is he trying to do? John knows nothing happened between them, so why is Sherlock trying to hint that something did? Unless...no, he’s not getting into that now.
“You have no idea what you’re doing to me,” John whispers in his ear, tightening his fingers into the soft skin of Sherlock’s back. Can feel the curve of an answering smile against his face.
John sat up, ignoring a wave of dizziness before reaching out and hooking his arms under Sherlock’s.
This time, however, John has opened the file with hands shaking in rage and aggressively types in his password, praying for Sherlock’s sake that it works and the bastard hasn't changed it again. He hasn't. John stares at his computer as his home-screen loads, trying to get his breathing under control. He twitches as he hears Sherlock’s bedroom door slamming down the hall and glares in that direction.
“Ah, bit of rumpy-pumpy?” Rudy asks, nodding in casual understanding before moving away, his voice drifting quieter as he wanders back towards the kitchen. “Fix yourself up boys, I require your presence!”
When the punishment had ended, a few days before the two week mark was up due to the fact that his parents couldn’t take his sulking anymore, Sherlock had nearly exploded with happiness.
She had ended up coming back to Baker Street with the two of them, refusing to go back to the flat to see the artist, and had dropped promptly down onto their sofa and hadn’t moved since.
"Does it matter?" John snaps, aggressively searching a draw for a bottle opener before one is suddenly thrust under his nose. "Thanks."
Teddy gives him a gentle smile. “Three weeks. I’m not really needed to be honest, what with them already having so many convictions, but better to be sure, eh?”
Once they get onto the first landing, Sherlock leads them down a dim hallway, bypassing doors that are open and closed. John spots the occasional person, laying in dirty clothes on dirty mattresses. Some are jittering and muttering to themselves, others so still they could be dead. A sharp, acidic smell is in the air and John gets a sinking feeling of dread in his stomach.
” Sherlock sings briefly in a deep voice, stretching his arms above his head as he lifts himself up on his tiptoes.
He feels a little bad that that was probably going to be their last conversation in this world, convinced that once John falls ‘asleep’, he’s most probably going to wake up back in Baker Street with a whining toddler as an alarm clock.
Sherlock stared at John for a second. His eyes darted to the left before coming back to rest on John’s face with a furrowed brow. “Milk?”
Sherlock tilts his head to capture John’s lips again in a bruising kiss, one hand sliding out of his hair and down his back. His hand comes to rest against John’s arse, and he squeezes the flesh, bringing John’s hips down to slot against his own.
to kiss that Sherlock? Sure, the man is attractive, John has always thought so. But that doesn’t mean anything. Mary used to go on about how
Once in the living room, John sits back at his laptop with the intent of making a start on a new blog entry about the case of the stabbed old man. Even though,
“Well, they’re really expensive,” Toby mutters defensively. John ignores him and turns in a slow circle.
He knows he can’t hold off the conversation that needs to happen forever, but a few more hours won’t hurt.
He thinks about John Watson, currently whispering Sherlock’s name in his sleep, his mind forever fixated on Sherlock even when he’s not conscious. Who
Enzo had murmured, sliding his warm hand up to cup the back of Sherlock’s head and tugging it forward to rest his lips against his crown.
Sherlock follows slowly, stopping to regard John with a creased brow as the older boy walks over to the door.
Jules’ wide eyes squint gradually into confusion, but John is already storming towards the club doors once more.
“Glad you’ve sorting yourselves out,” Teddy says with a nod, eyes drifting down to the watch on his wrist.
They all jump, startled, as a woman’s voice is heard screeching from down the other end of the garden.
since his miraculous return. Who came back different, yet the same and still made mistake after mistake. Who John can’t help but still be angry with. Sometimes livid.
Sherlock’s shoulders shrug as he puts the now-full kettle back where it belongs and switches it on. “Because I did put something in your tea.” He explains calmly, reaching for a mug.
Sherlock, John is nothing more than a stranger, really. And it would be inappropriate to force his presence on the man even though he knows Sherlock would have done exactly that if the roles were reversed.
After that, Teddy turns up every day, always with a bag of takeaway and beer. John doesn’t mind, he enjoys his friends company and they spend the majority of the time catching up while Sherlock hides in his room or sprawls on the sofa with his laptop.
“Language, Mr Trevor,” Mrs Jones scolds, slamming a plate down in front of the boy. “Eat your cake.”
Sherlock’s face melted into his most pompous, impassive look. “I don’t know what you want from me, John.”
Sherlock’s smile shifts once more, this time it reaches his eyes. He seems pleased with John’s answer.
John lets out a bit of a hysterical laugh and leans his head back on the wall as he gets his breath back. He feels Sherlock shift next to him and glances over at his friend. Sherlock has his head tilted back also, his eyes closed and a small smile on his lips. There is a small but fairly deep cut on his cheekbone that John hadn't noticed before, an injury no doubt created by a flying piece of glass. Without thinking, John reaches up and swipes gently at the gathering blood with his thumb. Sherlock twitches slightly at the touch but otherwise doesn't move… until he mutters a second later, "I'm sure you're trying to help, but your sweat mingled with the dust has produced a rather intense sting."
“Are you okay?” Sherlock’s asks immediately, but his voice is as soft as John’s, as if he is reluctant to disturb the peace of the room too. “Is Mary okay?”
“Sherlock, Christ, what the fuck is going on here?” John asks a bit desperately, weary and tired but heart thudding uncomfortably in his chest.
Everything around them seems to melt away, the music muffling in John’s ears as they brush their bodies together. John is absently aware of how they must look, knows the others are probably grinning at their writhing bodies and nudging each other with winks. He doesn’t care, just grips Sherlock harder.
A black shadow blocks out the morning light as it descends over his eyelids. John wakes with a strangled gasp. Pale, mismatched eyes are unnervingly close to his face.
He never did get to spell out exactly what he wanted because the next moment, he was on the floor and blood was pouring from his nose. John stared at Sherlock in shock, not having seen him approach. Sherlock was standing there with such a blank look of innocence that if John hadn’t just watched him do so, he wouldn’t be sure it was Sherlock who punched the man at all. There was silence. Even the child had stopped crying.
Sherlock, still giggling, slides his feet to the floor and stumbles a little before rightening himself, tucking himself back into this jeans and zipping himself up.
Mycroft raises an eyebrow, the only change in his expression. “Does he, now? I fear his paranoia is worsening.”
Sherlock muttered something unintelligible and John frowned and started heading back towards his friend. "What?"
John leans back slightly and stares. A young man, looks to be in his late teens or early twenties, is crouching down next to him. He’s still smiling slightly, but dark eyebrows are drawn in concern.
The boy, who had been following the movements with keen eyes suddenly broke out into a large toothy grin. His small hands came up into sight and he fluttered his fingers around in such quick succession that John couldn't follow the movement.
Mortified, Sherlock had slide to the floor and banged the back of his head repeatedly against the wall.
Before Sherlock could react other than to clench a fist, a hand had landed on the man’s shoulder from behind and effortlessly spun the burly figure around.
Sherlock waves this off, adding sugar to his coffee before leaning his back against the unit. He makes no move to join them at the table.
They have been living in a quiet fog of what their life was like before, swirling around each other and not really saying anything. Or anything substantial anyway.
“I honestly don’t understand how you can be so damn rude sometimes, my god how were you raised? Had everyone waiting on you hand and foot, did you?” Sherlock is beginning to frown a bit but John isn’t done, can’t seem to stop, “You can’t just go through life taking advantage of everyone and giving nothing back in return! Teddy is my friend, and I will not have you screwing him about just to get what you want! Grow up!” John manages to stop himself before he shouts anything more insane, but the damage is done. Sherlock stares at him for a second and opens his mouth to speak. John braces himself but then Sherlock closes it a moment later and, giving John a cold look, shoves himself up off the sofa and storms his way into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.
, this is confusing and utterly insane, but they really are the same person and John would much rather be kissing that ridiculously soft mouth then
John shrugs. “Like I said, it feels like I know you.” He stops himself from saying anything else, a bit paranoid he’s laying it on a bit thick and that Sherlock will suddenly look at him with realisation and declare,
to you?" Sherlock steps forward as he speaks, his voice hypnotising John who steps back against the door.
he wines, titling his hips downwards to meet John’s thrusts desperately as his legs tighten around his waist.
“Over here!” Victor shouts, having followed him back inside, face pale as he waves over to the left.
A thought suddenly occurs to him. He looks back at Sherlock, who’s making his way back into the living room, and frowns. “If you knew who he was, why did you look through all of her other pictures?”
But at night, he would turn off every light in his room, squeeze his eyelids tight, and pant into the air as his hand trailed slowly down his chest, his stomach, his abdomen, pretending it was sunkissed and rough and belonged to someone else.
John reaches out instead to grasp Sherlock’s waist, hands sliding slowly around to the small of his back. Feeling bold, he tugs Sherlock forward, their hips slotting together deliciously. Sherlock’s teeth make a quick appearance, biting at his bottom lip for a moment as he closes his eyes.
“So, the last thing you remember is being in bed in London,” he begins, eyes hooded and brows raised.
about the age gap between them, regardless of the body he now possesses. Makes him feel a little dirty.
John wonders why Sherlock is helping Rachel. Then again, Jed might be in some sort of danger and it wouldn't be morally correct to ignore the call of a missing person. Plus, considering Sherlock hasn't had a case in two weeks, any type of mystery probably seems appealing at this point.
Sherlock exhales a heavy breath. “To a degree, I suppose. I don’t…” he shrugs, not finishing his sentence.
a doctor, would assume that what Alex slipped Sherlock was indeed a cocktail of MDMA, speed, and possibly coke. The latter would have explained his sudden manic energy on the dancefloor, the need to rub close to any body he came in contact with, but has probably dispersed now. MDMA, however, can last for
Pale eyes open and Sherlock quirks a smile at him. He opens his mouth to speak, before sucking in a small gasp and scrambling over to the door, crawling on his knees.
John, rather expecting this confrontation at some point, glances over his shoulder. “Do they? That’s good.”
Sherlock breaks out of the kiss with a gasp for air, and John immediately attaches his mouth to that pale throat, grazing his teeth down to suck at one sharp collarbone.
Sherlock snaps his eyes up at John then, his eyes fiery. John holds his breath. "Or does it make you feel better, knowing someone else is even worse of a person than you are?" Sherlock's voice has gone quiet. John stares at him, can't look away. "Does it make you feel superior, getting to look down at someone for once? Not having to feel so pathetic about your own miserable life, when you can judge someone else who's so obviously
“Right then. I’ll be off. Mrs. Hudson thanks again and Sherlock, I would suppose I’d be back by, oh say…five or so.”
to her or Richard….Eurus’s own parents!  And Rudy! Why if he were still alive he’d get a tongue lashing the likes of which he had never seen…Richard would probably have throttled him one. Eurus was
He turned back and stood, bringing his date up with him. They left the cinema, still hand in hand, and walked the half block to the café in a contented silence.
“Yes. And I propose we skip the shopping centres and lots and head right to the tree farms. And if he is not at one of those….”
convinced that there wasn’t some booby trap in Molly’s flat, and he’d asked Lestrade to please have that checked out as soon as possible.
Now, those fortresses had all been washed away. Sherrinford may have been forged of steel and stone and built on solid ground, but quick sand had lain, unseen, beneath it all.
“Would you like to get out of here?” John asked. “There’s a little place called Bongo’s nearby. We always go there afterward anyway. I’ll just let Elizabeth know.”
And he’d just… hung up...he was just…gone. He’ll explain. Of course he will. But do I really want to know? Can I even face him again? He knew. He knew anyway. But was does it matter. The day I filled in for…John. He already knew.
know where she was? Mycroft hadn’t elaborated on any of that. If they tried to explain to her now, was she in any state of mind to understand? Could she forgive
Forty-five minutes and two glasses of Chardonnay later, Molly decided to progress to shots. Jägermeister was her usual poison of choice, but tonight felt more like a whisky night. She had just set the shot glass down on the table when a voice asked, “Would you like another?”
“Do I have a choice? Look, I’m going to go have a shower and I just might turn in early if you’re going to be so occupied anyway.”
Sherlock walked to and then opened, the fridge. “How’s the milk situation? Oh…there’s about two pints. That should suffice for now I’d think.”
“Oh no, don’t tell me… Sherlock’s gone and got himself smashed again,” he stated to Mr. Whiskers. He took the call.
Sherlock looked down and then up at John with hooded eyes before raising his head to look on him fully.
“Oh, Molly,” he said, lifting her chin so that her eyes met his, “sweet, pretty Molly. We’re both in the same bag I think. We can go back to the hotel and just…talk if you’d like. A little human comfort wouldn’t go amiss for either of us, I’m thinking. And, if the night shows we want a little more, who are we to argue? Or maybe you’ll just want to sleep. Now, you sit here and I’ll get a cab.”
“No…no he’s done before, but… hell, I just thought with Christmas and having your tree...and ours…and all…. Well, I just expected he’d stick to his schedule. I guess I was wrong. I’ll go phone Stamford. And Molly.”
needed some time to concentrate solely on his daughter; and god only knew exactly what shape Mycroft was in. Besides, Greg had promised to look after him for a bit. Of course, there was always the hell hole that was Wiggins’ domain. But… no…bad idea. Bad,
a good idea. Would you like to dance? I really wanted to dance and if I don’t hurry up… well… I’d best do before I can’t”
John picked up a napkin and stood. He took a deep breath and squared his shoulders. “How do I look?”
The pair ordered chocolate milkshakes and a basket of chips, with Sherlock insisting on playing this time. He reached across the table and took both of John’s hands in his.
“He’s got two listed. Asher’s Cut-Your-Own, and another with the ridiculous name of Benjie Bottomly’s Beauties.”
stated that he was just finishing up a bit of work and would be leaving within five minutes. Mike asked him where he was going. He mumbled a bit about how he believed he hadn’t really eaten since the day before yesterday (?) and would probably head to Angelo’s, a favorite haunt, and grab a bite. Mike asked would he mind if we tagged along. That is, if
am I supposed to make of that? The Holmes’ smile at me and I am bloody smitten? If anything ever warranted a visit with Ella…this is it.”
“All in all, it’s a perfect arrangement,” John stated. He rose from the table. “I’m off now, tree shopping. I’m going to grab my coat, gloves, and the ax. Anyone sure they don’t need anything as long as I’ll be out and about?”
Mycroft continued to visit during the counseling sessions almost every month and she continued to plead to see their brother. And then, one day in the middle of what was already an exceptionally tense meeting, Eurus suddenly stood, picked up her chair and threw it at Mycroft. He managed to duck out of its path and immediately ran over to her, grabbed her by the shoulders, and shook her violently.
“Come,” she motioned to John, “do sit down on these wonderful chairs. At eighteen hundred quid a week, I plan on making use of every single thing in the joint.”
Likewise, Sherlock felt his gut clench at the sight of his old friend. He hoped that his arrival meant that Molly had indeed contacted him and not that Lestrade was the bearer of news he didn’t want to hear. He was surprised but relieved when the inspector explained his visit.
“I really hope this is…appropriate,” he stated and encircling John in his arms, he bent down and claimed his mouth.
He hit the tab and started reading. It appeared to be a work-in-progress blog entry, but this…this wasn’t like any of John’s usual blog entries. It started out as a combination of John reminiscing about Christmases past and of how much he was looking forward to his first one residing back at 221B with his daughter and Sherlock. He read on…
He had removed his watch earlier, so he headed towards the kitchen to check the time on the microwave, turning on various lights along the way.
“I don’t know that I’d be very good at ‘hanging out’… as you put it. But, here…the movie’s about to start.”
Sherlock walked over and sat down in John’s chair. He ran his free hand down the length of one of its arms and felt the rise of tears in his eyes.
“All I'd ever wanted was to forget. but even when I thought I had, pieces had kept emerging, like bits of wood floating up to the surface that only hint at the shipwreck below.”
She yelled out his name, but got no response, so she….carefully...sat up. Her clothes were in a heap on a near-by chair and, cautiously, she put them on. After a minute, she got up and went into the bathroom. No Carson.
In her closet: clothes she never wore. Never wore them, because she never went anywhere that warranted wearing half of what she had. She loved girly things, things that sparkled or glittered. She bought them and then wished she hadn’t. They only reminded her of all the lives she wasn’t living. And there wasn’t much call for shiny things in the morgue.
He gave a little snort. “Okay then, Benjie old chap, treated you once or twice at the surgery, didn’t I? You’ve
all those years? And his own brother? Although, Rudy’s seemingly abrupt standoffishness made some sort of crazy sense now. Only fifteen months apart in age, their only other sibling had been a sickly brother with weak lungs, ten years Richard’s junior, who had succumbed to pneumonia when he was sixteen. He and Rudy had always been close up until…until
As time went on, darkness consumed her. She was convinced she was unlovable, foul, and would never be fit for society. No one cared for this girl who had done unspeakable things, and no one was ever going to come and help her land. Her young psyche broke and bleed and bouts of insanity possessed her.
He was dropped off at his flat by one of Lestrade’s men. He let himself in and quickly showered and dressed. He sat down on the bed and picked up a framed photo off of the nightstand. It was of a smiling Mary cradling a gurgling baby Rosie. He ran his finger gently across Mary’s face.
“The movie starts at eight, so we’ll pick you up around, say, seven? You might have to give me your address again.”
“Of course. I’ve had a couple of PE classes with Ryan. And, as you said, I know Elizabeth from the classes the three of us have together…and Suzanne, in passing. But, do you always go out that way? I mean the two couples and you? Sort of makes you a fifth wheel, doesn’t it?”
Lestrade rang off and addressed his feline companion. “Sorry my little one, but it looks like daddy has to run out again.”
“I mean, ask him as a friend, Sherlock. You know he’d help you. And he has a vehicle. I’ll even call him if you’d like.”
“Hoo Hoo,” she said, giving the door leading into the kitchen a swift knock before letting herself in. “Lunch, boys. John, it’s quite nippy out there. I thought you’d better have something substantial in you before you go tree shopping. The wind! Bites right through you. And that snow we got overnight. Only a few inches here, but some of the rural areas got close to a foot. Make sure you dress warmly.”
“Hmm….childless for the evening…a borrowed vehicle…good cover.” Mycroft’s voice was barely above a whisper. “Okay, so you think something’s amiss,” he continued in a more normal tone. “What did you intend I do about it, brother dear, call in MI 5? You’re the detective of the family. I’m sure you don’t need me to help you come to any definitive conclusions.”
He’d been walking the streets of London now for…how long? One hour, two hours….five? It was still dark, so dawn had not yet arrived. He’d long ago abandoned his watch. He’d looked at it once after returning to the mainland only to discover that the face had been smashed and the hands missing, so he threw it in the next bin he passed. No doubt it had happened when he went ballistic on the coffin meant for Molly. Molly. He would have to face her before too long, and he was not looking forward to that task one little bit. The thought of what he had done…been forced to do…made his gut clench and the bile rise again to his throat. He knew he had been thoughtless with her in the past, but he had been trying…seriously making an effort….to not do or say anything to hurt her. And now…
Sherlock grabbed John’s laptop and sat at the small table in the living room. He logged on to his website intending to finish his article about the safest way to unthaw frozen blood…but he couldn’t type a word. He clicked off the site and, without even thinking, typed in the information that would lead him to John’s blog. For all his pooh-poohing and negative remarks thrown John’s way about it, he was secretly pleased with the whole business. He clicked on the most current story. It was a light and charming one about a lost, and then happily found, a puppy named Loki who belonged to Rosie’s favorite playgroup pal, Mia Williams. He finished it, clicked off, and was just about to shut the lid when he noticed an open “word” tab on the taskbar. He told himself that it was snooping, an invasion of privacy… but, then he consoled himself with the thought that there might be something telling within that would give him an idea where John might be.
Lestrade sighed. “You’re right, that doesn’t sound like John not keeping in touch where Rosie is concerned. So, where do you propose we start looking?”
to face all that alone. Perhaps she had been a bit harsh pronouncing him limited. Sherlock was probably right that Mycroft had done his best; or at least thought that he had. Sherlock was so often right. Still, she was sure her younger son would have handled things differently. If she, Richard, and Sherlock, had been able to have access to Eurus all along, perhaps she wouldn’t have felt so abandoned and alone. Perhaps none of those people would have died.
No one outside the family had seriously suspected Eurus of being responsible for the Trevor boy’s disappearance. But she herself
, John, What is happening? Where’s Sherlock? When are coming to see…. Rosie misses you, John. She misses her mother. She….”
Sherlock drained the last of his tea and stood. “You suppose right. No…no, John, I’ll leave the tree fetching to you if you don’t mind. I’m sure you’ll bring one home to rival that of Rockefeller Center. I
Thirty minutes later, with Rosie fast asleep in her borrowed crib, John and Mrs. Hudson returned to the living room and took up spots on the sofa.
And when it comes to the chaps I did meet in service….well, I’m not faring any better there either. Sholto’s gone off and hid somewhere. Bilby, Fletcher, and Nannan have returned to their wives and children. Carlson’s mind is shot and Tulliver’s lost both legs. As for Behr, Gloski, Kurtmann, and Van der Hoff…all dead. The war is what glued us together. And the war is…over, at least for the likes of us.
Now everything had changed dramatically…radically. His life would never be as it was before, and he was going to have to process how he would change with it. And quickly.
Holmes looked up quizzically at his partner. “An ax or a saw? What on earth do you need either of them for if you’re picking a tree out of a lot? And how do you propose to take an ax on the tube without causing suspicion?”
The two lifted their glasses, said cheers, and downed the drinks. Carson immediately started coughing. “Oh…god…sorry…sorry. That…that wasn’t what I was… expecting. Sorry. Would you like to find a table?”
“So many versions of just one memory, and yet none of them were right or wrong. Instead, they were all pieces. Only when fitted together, edge to edge, could they even begin to tell the whole story.”
island. The more he thought, the harder he brushed. If only he could sweep all of this...unpleasantness… right out of his life. The only good thing about it was that now...finally…the wretched business was out in the open.  The burden of those secrets, the lies, the deceit, the anger, and the silence on his part…it was over. There had been times in the past when he had felt that he would definitely crack under the weight of it all.
Um…alright…where to begin? At the beginning I suppose, although I’ll probably end up deleting whatever I write here. I do not imagine it will be anything I would feel….
needed to find something to eat and rest awhile, so a shop and a bolt-hole it was. He hadn’t been paying much attention to his surrounds, so he shook himself and stopped. There…a shop open on the corner, good. He only had about eight quid on him, but he’d find something.
“I wasn’t aware you two kept quite such close tabs on each other now that he has a child. Is it really necessary he report to you his whereabouts at all times? Perhaps he took his daughter out for the evening and things are just running later than he expected.”
“Oh, god…Molly, I’m sorry. It’s just that…well, John isn’t answering, he hasn’t gotten in contact with any of us, and…quite honestly, I am getting a bit worried.”
! And then Mycroft had burst into her flat to rescue her, pounds of debris rolling behind him. His pants were tattered, his back was slightly burned, and his hands were bleeding, but he had literally swooped her into his arms and carried her out the back. It had greatly changed her perception of him, she could tell you that.
In reply, Sherlock ran his thumb along the back of John’s hand. He looked at him, deep into his eyes, and felt his face heating up again. But this time, it was for a very different reason.
his drunken dance partner, and find my own way home. Sherlock then suggested we share a cab, his treat.
“Well, what the devil are you waiting for? Next week? It’s Thursday, in case you forgot. We don’t have any more classes with him today so that only leaves tomorrow. If you want to do it face to face that is. Or are you going to call him?”
Sherlock ran his hand across his brow and ruffled his hair a bit. Why did Mrs. Hudson have to ask that?
Amelia Holmes was at the kitchen sink paring potatoes…and then she cut herself. The slash was long, but not very deep, and grabbing a dishtowel to catch the flow of blood, she made her way to the bathroom. She finished bandaging her finger, sat down on the toilet lid, and started weeping… again. Ever since Mycroft and Sherlock had broken the news to her and Richard that morning that Eurus was still alive….ALIVE…she had not been able to give her full concentration to anything. Poor Richard had almost fainted with the shock and honestly, she was worried about him. She went back to the kitchen and her potatoes, now covered in blood.
Still, even as sorrowful as the loss of his brother’s friendship was, even the deep hurt caused by Mycroft’s deceit and knowing the wreckage it had brought down on poor Sherlock, even those pains did not compete with the horror of feeling that the real blame for
She really wasn’t interested in playing with Mycroft and any attempts he made at games with her were either rebuffed or simply ignored. She desperately wanted Sherlock’s attention, but she could barely keep up with his manic pace and often tried to put her own spin on his adventures… which did not sit well with him. Once, she broke the top off his toy sword because it “looked better jagged”. Sherlock was terribly upset and Mycroft, who had no sword of his own to offer as a replacement, tried to comfort him with a gift of some of his Matchbox collection.  He never participated in his little brothers pirate games, they were “too physical” for his liking. He preferred reading, board games, or running his little cars along the kitchen table. Sherlock happily accepted his brothers offering, but the next morning, they had mysteriously disappeared. Mrs. Holmes discovered them that evening in the compost bin. There was no doubt in anyone’s mind as to how they got there.
“Yes,” Mycroft chuckled, “my feelings precisely. On the other hand, Sherlock is often right about these things.”
“Why the hell is it so difficult to find a decent, bloody Christmas tree?” John Watson sputtered after he reached the confines of the truck, leaving yet another miffed owner without a tree from his lot. “That was the sixth place! I guess that’s what happens when you wait until practically the last minute; all the good ones are taken. I don’t need perfection, honestly, I don’t. I’d just like something without bloody gaping holes on every side! And you’re not helping,” he yelled at the radio, turning the switch and effectively cutting Bing Crosby off in the middle of “White Christmas”. In doing so he glanced at the clock.
She had put him in the most horrific of situations, forced him to make impossible decisions…and he had prevailed. He had finally figured out the riddle of her little song and met her in the place where she had set her separation from her family in motion all those years ago.
With one last massive tug, John finally managed to work his left leg free of the branch that had held it prisoner for many a long hour. However, in doing so, the branch shifted its weight on his right leg causing him to wince, although fortunately, it had moved lower on his thigh which afforded him a bit more upper body movement. He had little feeling left in his feet and legs and none at all in his hands. Throughout this ordeal, he had relied on his army training to help him muster all his strength and the prayers he was sending up to supply the will to keep trying. And then, of course, there was Rosie…and Sherlock his greatest inspirations of all.
“And for you my little angel,” she crooned, addressing Rosie, “a sugar biscuit.” And she handed the treat to the child.
He entered the shop, bought an extra-large, extra-strong coffee, a bag of crisps, and a packet of chocolate biscuits. He sweet talked the young cashier into letting him use the “not for the public” loo, and left for Big Ben.
“You must have noticed that I’m…rounder than I was last winter,” Watson said, a pink blush blooming across his chubby cheeks.
“Watson, are you sure?” I asked. He didn’t respond. He pressed his lips hard to mine. Hard enough that he drove me back to the floor. He pulled back a little, panting into my mouth as he pushed his pants down his legs. My hand moved to his soft bare flank. Dear God. He hadn’t been wearing under things. His hands were on me. He tore my shirt from me, then my trousers. In a few seconds I was as naked as he. I pulled back to get a better look at him.
“How am I supposed to keep my…mind on logic and science. How am I supposed to push away these…feelings, when you keep…?” He bowed his head, lips forming silent words. I pushed myself out of my chair, ignoring the sound it made. I stopped when I was right in front of Holmes. His chin felt so hard under my chubby fingers. I tilted his face up until I was looking into his grey eyes. Of all the emotions I expected to see, fear hadn’t even occurred to me. “I have a duty to the crown,” Holmes whispered. “I cannot handle any emotional entanglements.” I let go of his chin and reached for his hands. They were so warm and soft.
“If only all your experiments meant me eating this much,” He sighed, patting his belly. “I would be a happy man.”
“I’m going to half to go to my tailor, Holmes,” Watson said, the second week of September. “Winter will be here before we know it.”
“It’s almost midnight,” Watson said, turning his head to look at the clock on the mantlepiece. “Can this wait until morning.” I pushed myself to my feat and grabbed my coat.
“Watson, you can’t do this to me,” he whispered, shuddering. I stepped closer to him. Not stopping until my belly was squished against him. His hands had slipped from my waist and were kneading my backside. I had no idea how big it was until I felt him hold it in his hands.
“After you,” I said. I waited until his back was turned to stand up. I hoped my arousal would be gone, by the time we reached the dinner table, but Watson wise soft ass was just as erotic as his front.
“Mrs. Hutson,” I called, as I scribbled out a grocery list. A moment later Mrs. Hudson appeared at my elbow.
After an hour of so of musing over the facts of the case of Doctor Watson, I heard the dinner bell ring. I stepped out into the hallway where I noticed and empty plate with crumpet crumbs on it. I smiled.
I licked my lips and crawled on the bed next to him. I wrapped my arms around him and pressed my nose into his hair.
“At this size how could I not?” I asked. I rolled my hips, pushing my belly harder against his groin.  His moaning grew louder and his fingers dug in so hard I knew there would be bruises in the morning. “With this big belly,” I said, giving my gut a slap. “If it makes you feel half as good as it makes me…” I grabbed the bottom of my belly again lifting it just a bit the letting it drop. Holmes let out a whine as he started thrusting up against me. “How could you possible keep your hands off me?” I rubbed against him as fervently as he rubbed against me. I came first, sliding down so that Holmes was rubbing himself off only on my belly. I watched his face as he came. My friend, and now my lover looked beautiful and wanton as he arched his back in pleasure.
“We could go to the countryside,” Watson said, tossing his waistcoat to the floor. “Heaven knows, I could use a break.” I expected him to slump into his chair and pick back up where he’d left off in this morning’s newspaper. Instead, he began fumbling with the buttons of his shirt.
“No wonder they call them loves handles,” Holmes whispered, pulling me back to the here and now.  He squeezed my side, the fat poking out from between his thin fingers. “This is exactly what I want to grab when I sink into you.” I shuddered, a wave of pleasure washing over me. “Your even bigger than I thought.” He slipped from his place atop me and knelt between my knees. His lips were warm as he began to suck at one of those same love handles. I pushed myself up on my elbows. My gut pushed out even more in this position. Holmes’s eyes that had been half closed snapped open. His thumb slipped into my navel and the rest of his fingers curled around the soft place where my belly overlapped my belt. A gentle shake set waves of flesh across my belly.
Like a match being struck to light, my mind lit up with a thought. Did Watson like being fat? My mind raced looking for data to confirm or deny the idea. Images of Watson digging into a good meal with clear enjoyment flashed across my mind’s eye. As did memories of Watson rubbing his belly after over indulging.
I scooted over, letting him recline on the bed, before I swung my leg over his hips. I tried to go slow, but he grabbed my hips, pulling me down until my fell weight was on him. My belly spilled onto him. Holmes moaned and bucked beneath me.
“I haven’t the faintest idea,” I said, watching my friend lean back in his chair with the newspaper. It wasn’t just his belly that had gotten softer, but his pectorals too. They looked like two small breasts, pressing against his undershirt. I was wondering how soft they were when a soft knock came on the study door. I sprang to my feet, and pulled it open. A backet full of all the treats I’d asked for sat on the carpet. I grabbed the basket, closed the door, and turned back to my friend.
“There,” Holmes said, as the last button of waistcoat came free. His fingers tore at the laces of my shirt, tugging at the cotton until I was naked from the waist up. I looked up at him. His normally pale face was flushed red with passion. I rocked myself forward and back, making my belly slapped against him. His eyes rolled back so I could see the whites. His lips parted and his chest heaved.
“A fact that I find very distracting,” I said. Watson was still looking down at himself, it made very easy to pull him off the bed, and on top of me. He gasped as he tumbled and I grunted as his weight hit me full force. Damn, but it felt good. My hands slipped under the fabric of his undershirt. “You’re so soft.”
“Watson,” he growled before pressing his lips against mine hard. He pushed me back onto the bed, as he climbed on top of me. His legs straddling my wide hips. He pulled back, and began tearing at my waist coat. “You have no idea how fat you are, do you?” he breathed. “I’m surprised that these buttons didn’t give before the one on your pants.” I chuckled, watching as he struggled with the buttons. I felt his hardness pressing against my soft underbelly. It felt surprisingly nice. What would it be like for him to rut against my fat?
“Yes,” he whispered. “Almost as much as I want you.” I pushed myself up to a sitting position. Watson’s belly pushed against my chest. I pressed into it, as I leaned in and pressed my lips to Watson’s. He didn’t hesitate, before kissing back. His mouth tasted like buttercream cookies and brown sugar. I moaned, opening my mouth to let his tongue inside.
I was so afraid he would push me away or tell me to stop. He never did. When My lips were swollen from kissing every inch of fat that I could reach, I looked up at him. He grabbed my face in both of his chubby hands and pulled me in for a kiss.
“Of course,” she said, looking at the list. She frowned as she read, a line forming between her graying eyebrows. “All of this? Is this one of your experiments. I’d hate to see this food go to waste.” I tried to suppress the smile that made the corners of my mouth twitch. I rested a hand on her shoulder.
“I thought you were teasing me,” he said. “I couldn’t move from my chair for an eternity for fear you would see my cockstand.” His hands wondered up, squishing my breasts as if they were those of a woman. “How was I to know you liked being fat?”
“This past autumn,” Watson said. “One day I just looked over at you and I couldn’t stand how beautiful you looked.”
“Why hide?” Watson asked. He kissed my neck, right under my ear then on my throat, and the v of my clavicle.
“You are the beautiful one.” I leaned in and gave him a peck on the mouth. “Climb onto the bed Watson. Let me show you what I want.” I watched as he jiggled as he climbed to his feet. I stood and followed his waddling gate towards the bed. His ass was very plump, as was the fat roll that rested above it.  The bed creaked under Watson’s weight as he settled on the mattress. I climbed on top of him, not on his hips, but his belly. My thighs pressed into his soft flesh. “Tell me again,” I whispered. “What do you want me to do?”
After four months of watching Watson eating everything which I put in front of him, and nights of tearing myself asunder, I was pretty well satisfied that Watson enjoyed being fat. It was captivating. However, I’d still not determined if he was trying to get fatter.
By the end of the fourth week, I wondered if there was something more to Holmes erratic behavior than restlessness. That morning I had struggled to button my loosest of pants, and had to spent and hour writing to my tailor asking for a new set of trousers. I had been mindlessly eating the breakfast that Mrs. Hudson had left, when I felt the button start to go. I swallowed the pastry that had been in my mouth and glanced down. The button broke. Snapped in half. As a corpulent man I had had my fair share of popped buttons, but I had never had one break before. I should have gone with metal button and not just the cheapest that I could afford.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, I’ll see you soon for supper.” I retreated down the hall, but then had to backtrack. “If you have a spare moment, could you please bring Watson up a snack. Leave it outside his door.” I once again retreated, this time to my own room.
“Think I over did it,” he said, levering himself up out of his chair. “Was that more than normal?” Indeed, I had asked Mrs. Hudson to adjust Watson portion to his clear growth in appetite. I thought she’d gone overboard.
“Pleasure clouds the mind.” His fingers sunk deeper into my flesh. I laughed, my belly jiggling against his hands. He made a sound deep in his throat and closed his eyes.
This winter was worse than most. Holmes and I had been stuck in Baker Street for almost two weeks. Snow fell over London at an alarming rate. I would often look out at people trudging through the knee high snow, before returning to my place by the fire and water snack Mrs. Hudson had kindly brought up for us. I say us, but I was always the one who ate the whole thing.
His belly looked even bigger and rounder than when he was wearing clothes. It was big enough that the bottom of it was pressing against his cock, pushing it out straight. And it was a large cock, and probably even bigger than it looked. A few inches of my best friend’s mast were swallowed up by his fat pad. His love handles stuck out, as did soft side rolls. All I wanted to do was suck and kiss them. The idea of mouthing all that succulent blubber made me leak.
“I know it isn’t your normal day for getting groceries, but if you were to go out this afternoon could you get these things for me?”
“I’m sorry.” It was all I could think to say. My fingers wiggled under Watson’s shirt more. I could feel the soft lines of stretchmarks. I longed to kiss each and everyone. “But I’m not sorry that I got to see you grown.”
“But then winter came. You began to eat more, and the more you ate, the more it took to fill you. Poor Mrs. Hudson has had to make twice the number of sweets she did last year. You didn’t even notice, did you?” I shook my head. “You didn’t notice yesterday afternoon when your fat began to poke out between your straining buttons? I stared at you while you ran your chubby hand up and down the mound of flesh. You only stopped even once in a while to shove another pastry past those plump lips.” He kissed be again, hard. I felt my lips swelling as I kissed him back.
