A nurse walked in to change Steve's IV bag; she smiled a little at Tony.  Tony stared back at her. She was pretty and in other circumstances Tony certainly would have flirted with her.  Guilt was coursing through him.
"Naturally," said Lydia breezily.  "But our collars are the best. Hands-down.  By all means, compare and see for yourself."
Before Pepper could try another number the phone in her hand was ringing itself. After a moment’s hesitation and surprise, she answered.
“Good evening, Mr. Stark.”  Steve’s blue eyes flicked up for a brief moment.  “Breakfast has been ordered at the hotel for when we get there, and you’ll have a chance for about four hours of rest before the race itself.”
"TONY!" hollered Pepper, pounding on the door to the shop.  "Anthony Edward Stark, you open this door
"...yeah.  ....thanks, Pepper," said Tony.  He hung up and leaned over the balcony, resting his forehead on his clasped hands and closing his eyes.  He wasn't praying; Tony didn't believe in asking ghostly entities for psychic favors. He was just thinking, just enjoying the cool breeze, just enjoying the freedom he had that others didn't have.
He tore his attention away from Steve to put in his contacts and give his beard a brief trim.  Tony's vision was good, good enough that he didn't necessarily
Out of habit, he pulled out his arc reactor and swiped inside of his chest to make sure the cavity where the reactor was sitting was clear.  It was.  He pricked his finger to check his blood toxicity.  2%.  He was going to be just fine.  He sighed and ran a hand over his face.  He'd come so close to the brink of death.  And in a way, it was Steve who had brought him back.  And here he was, at 3:30 am, screwing around in the shop with poor Steve sleeping alone upstairs.
Steve tried for a smile, a small but genuine one. "A shower sounds good," he said softly. "Perfect, actually. Just relax for now, yeah? We don't have to talk."
Donner gave a small nod.  He was hoping he wasn't going to get in trouble for the bruises he had from the previous night.  Some Alphas hated signs that he'd been used. Chantelle and Tom helped him cover up a lot of the marks, but there was only so much he could do, and the Alphas they introduced him to were often aggressive.
Tony leaned on the railing overlooking the ocean, watching the distant freighters on the horizon slog slowly past, little bright specks of light in the otherwise dark sea.  The waves crashed far below them. Steve swiped at his face and looked away.
Tony gripped Steve, hard, leaning heavily on him.  He had been uncharacteristically quiet on the walk back to the building and quiet on the elevator ride up to their floor.
Rhodes smirked a little more but didn't comment.  "I'll call if we find anything out," he said, rising, waving the card at them.  "Thanks for the beer.  Have fun, lovebirds."
.  Do I have to wait until Christmas to unwrap you?"  He gestured downward to drive his point home. Sometime between Steve's hip wiggle and the tongue coming out, he'd gotten an erection.
Tony grinned a little.  "This year, actually, no... Steve and I are going to England for our anniversary in June."
The footsteps and shouting in the hall had quieted down, which must mean that the guards were organizing themselves, getting into position, Steve figured. He sighed. "Don't give them an opportunity to shoot him," he murmured to Natasha, meaning the scientist. He wasn't prepared to kill herself for the cause, good for him, but the soldiers would certainly take the chance. Natasha was still fuming, giving off a kind of ferocious energy which honestly just made Steve all the more pumped.
"Price is no issue.  If you could please give me a referral I would be most grateful.  And of course, if she ends up as a beta, I can't say I'd be upset!"  George laughed politely and so did Francine.
She rolled her eyes a little.  Tony's nicknames always stuck; she no longer expected anyone to call her by her real name.
"But they're not dying quickly enough and they're leaving more men like them behind. He literally said I needed to be
Tony hoped Steve's charity involved giving away orchids because at a glance, there were already two dozen in the living room.
.  At some point, the weird modern architecture of Tony's Malibu cliffside mansion had stopped looking alien to him.  Steve felt like he belonged there.
public but, since it was off of Tony's residence, and Tony's residence happened to be surrounded by federally protected wildlands, it was almost always abandoned.  Now, in the middle of the night, Tony could almost believe he and Steve were the only people in the entire world, and that the crack of fireworks and pulsing bass beat of the music, far above them, was a world away.
"I'm surprised you remember yesterday at all." His words didn't have any bite to them. They were just simple and  honest.   "Oh, Rhodey to ask me to do some speeches for military graduates. It was nice of him," he said with a small but genuine smile before he reached over for the soap.
He winced when Tony tried to pull out. "Okay. Okay. Sorry-- it's just hard." Steve said, pun not intended. He grit his teeth and tried to focus on the feeling of Tony inside of him. He unclenched, just, and whined as Tony pulled out of him. It wasn't an entirely happy sound. He squirmed uncomfortably as Tony pulled out and felt a strange pang of emptiness. It was like they couldn't win. His body wanted Tony and yet at the same time didn't. It was so frustrating, and not in a good way. Steve wanted to press his legs back together on instinct. He wasn't even hard anymore. He just felt like he was fucking up in every way possible. Like he wasn't good enough.
"Come on," Howard's fingers curled over his elbow. Steve looked up into the man's dark eyes. They were so familiar. "We're going to be late."
Tony sipped the water, and closed his eyes briefly; the world wobbled uncomfortably, and he opened them.
Steve remembered Phil's face when he'd handed the outfit over, mumbling something about how it really was Steve's by right... of course, he wasn't wearing all of it. As far as Steve was aware bright blue tights were not considered sexy in this century. Probably not in the forties either.
"Sam invited me to a... pride parade? I think that's what he called it. It's for Alphas who like Alphas...he said it's pretty flamboyant.  He thinks I'll enjoy it," Steve murmured, trying to sound enthusiastic but failing. He wasn't sure he could be enthusiastic about anything right now. Even Tony undressing him did nothing to improve his mood really.
"I should go wake him up," said Banksy, rising.  "Go, Stevie, go ahead and take my seat, I'll get grumpy-pants up..."  He walked off whistling. Tony watched him, fascinated.
He moved to pull down the collar of his dark jacket, a little ripped across the torso from when he nearly fell off the roof. It felt weird to expose his neck to the cameras; the back of an omega's neck was a private place.  "You left a mark like this once. But this one isn't yours anymore." Steve swallowed, gaze flitting down to avoid watching Bucky's face as he revealed the very permanent mark the other Alpha had left upon him.  "It means that he will find me eventually, probably. And it means that he will, probably, try to kill you."
If they thought a single bullet wound would stop Steve from fighting back, then they were going to be sorely disappointed. The pain, if anything dragged him back to the present. His vision was spinning a little but he still had his strength. Being shot also made Steve pretty annoyed- there was really no need for that.
The snowball fight lasted for over an hour. The adults certainly went for each other more than the kids, and Steve and Clint especially ended up soaking wet. But they were doing so much running they couldn't even feel the cold. Steve was thrumming with energy. He and Cooper were hiding in the edge of the woods, making snowballs behind a tree. The kid was delighted at just being on a team with him and the serum meant Steve could keep up with the other three adults, although Natasha had headshot him multiple times. Usually Steve would worry about something like this triggering his PTSD but today it hadn't even crossed his mind.
Steve listened to the radio quietly and leaned his head against the window. He watched the scenery pass by and sighed, his eyes slipping shut for a brief moment. "I...I think it's time for a second interview," he whispered and something akin to nerves coiled up in his gut.
"Merry Christmas Eve," Steve added softly, nipping at his bottom lip lightly before he pulled back to sit up. His hair was a bit of a mess and he was in desperate need of a shower but food would always have to come first. Shakily, he stood and pulled Tony up with him. Steve pulled a face as he moved. Even with the super serum he was still sore between his legs. And yes, parts of the heat itself had been painful but it was nothing compared to going through one alone.
Donner was nearby, listening, eyes wide as he watched Tony and Armando posturing.  Neither one looked ready for another round but both were gesturing and yelling at each other, threatening the other.
Boswell came up suddenly, looking tired.  He looked down at Tony, who was trying not to bleed in the pool, and shook his head a little.  "To be young again," he said with a small eye roll. "Tommy, sweetheart, I'm going to bed. You be good now, okay?"
Steve ducked his head down to press a kiss to Tony's index finger. Then he nipped at it with a subtle smirk, tongue darting out to taste briefly. He was sure there was a limit to what he could get Tony to do but this would be a curious experiment. There was a lot he wanted from Tony, everything they'd done and more. Sometimes his thoughts wandered...he felt both the need to make Tony squirm beneath him and be the one squirming. Sometimes Steven even wondered about the suit and if Tony could hold him down in it- even if he fought back. The thought made him shudder. But right here and now was about making Tony squirm.
Now super models… they were a whole new problem. They were honestly a little intimidating and way too handsy. Steve felt bad for keeping making excuses to get away from them.
gonna need a spa treatment," he added jokingly, smiling and nuzzling against his mate.  "Ever had a couples' massage? It's nice. ...we gotta loosen you up. It's only morning and you better believe I'm going to be cashing in on that sweet birthday sex all day."  He kissed the back of Steve's neck, lips brushing over the familiar mark.
thought Tony idly.  Natasha was borderline terrifying; Clint was a bit more jocular, and besides, he was an omega; Tony didn't feel at all threatened around him.
When JARVIS said it was working, the words didn't quite sink in. Steve blinked dumbly, a strange yet warm sensation clouding his chest. He swallowed thickly. Tony was going to be okay. He was okay. He wasn't dying. He was....
Tony had wondered who would possibly want to ally themselves with an unstable, dangerous maniac like Vanko.  Who would give him help.  Who would value his smarts enough to ignore the fact that he was an unhinged murderer.  Who was desperate enough.
"That was a very exaggerated version of that kind of reaction though," Steve warned him. "Everyone agrees that wasn't normal.  And honestly, heats aren't all that sexy. They're desperate and messy and painful. But they can be intimate...and I guess that's ultimately the point of them.  I mean, I wouldn't know.  I've had two and I never spent one with an Alpha."
"The media are going to go mental when they see it," he whispered, head hanging low. "And they...t-they have no right to know what happened."
Steve's "friends," or at least the closest thing he currently had to friends, were staring at him from across the room, unwilling to approach.
"Maxwell's Equations," exclaimed Tony quietly.  "...but... but it's not a big deal, right?  He's... okay?"
and everything, he really believed in me, I'm sure that--"  Tony was aware that a note of hysteria was rising his his tone.  "--sure that there's a fucking recipe in his notes somewhere for a new element that I can just put in my body, no problem, probably right between his lemon cake recipe and a note telling me how
"Oh, who knows?" said Eric, waving a hand.  "I think, last year, one of them was the step-son of vice president Rodriguez.  Pip, go get me a drink."
Before the serum Steve had entertained the idea of having children, fantasizing about coming back to a full house after long days at work or whatever. But since the serum it had never occurred to him. He was a soldier. No children for him. But Steve did resent the fact that the choice had been made for him by his body before he could.
"Whilst it's none of my business, I'm not going to encourage your alcoholism, Tony," Steve said plainly, tone gentle but also unforgiving. "I can't get drunk anymore so I'd appreciate if you didn't." And he meant that. Steve didn't like feeling...left behind, almost.
He reached out and groped for Steve's hand.  "I don't wanna do this anymore, Steve, c'mon... my childhood ended a long time ago.  I don't wanna go back.  This isn't helpful at all.  Fury must've hit his head, there's no reason for this film to even be in my dad's files at all, it's not like there's anything useful in here, nothing scientific.  This is just, you know, a promo for the Expo.  Dad shot promos all the time."
thought Tony.  It was easier to fret about barium and badassium then think about SHIELD's lousy test; he'd seen what they'd put Steve through and he was admittedly worried.  He thought using Schmidt was a low blow.
Pierce smiled a little more.  "Aren't we lucky to have the Cap back," he said.  "Ah, here's Gideon... Steve Rogers, meet Gideon Malick, also on the WSC... we've all heard quite an impressive bit about you from Director Fury..."  Gideon was also a bonded Alpha, medium-high dominance, an older man with grey hair but a surprising spring in his step.
He hadn't known whether or not Steve would appreciate the gesture.  He knew lots of pair-bonds who wore bands; Banksy and Boswell, for example, had matching ones.  But if there was one thing he'd learned over the last year it was that a lot of things had oppressive connotations and he hadn't wanted to accidentally insult Steve.  He'd even consulted with Pepper before getting the bands, just to make sure.
And you had to wonder, too, if Steve would have ever ended up as close to him as they were now if he'd never gone into heat.  What if Steve's sudden openness toward Tony wasn't genuine, but a result of his body's hormones?  Forcing them into intimacy, when Tony was only really a job to Steve?  Steve's confrontation with Fury, though, implied that Steve bore no loyalty to SHIELD, however.  His loyalties were his own.  What they were, Tony had no idea, but he no longer thought of Steve as working for anyone but Steve.
Dinner was a calmer affair, everyone tired out from their snowball war before. Laura had made pizza dough so they could all make their own. Natasha's pizza had a terrifying amount of jalapenos on it and all Cooper wanted was pineapple. Steve settled for mushroom and red pepper, not wanting anything or sweet or for his mouth to be on fire.
Tony padded back to the bedroom, feeling thoroughly exhausted from their conversation, even though it had been short and sweet.  He went to the bar, but all the good stuff was long gone. There was a bottle of red left, a Malbec. Tony grabbed that and flopped onto the bed with the bottle and a corkscrew, hoping if he drank it fast enough he might be able to escape back into unconsciousness.
He was almost crying, he realized as he brought a hand up to his face. It was hardly surprising. It was hard to sit there in front of his old mate from inside a cage. It was hard to sit there and hear Bucky say it was his goddamn duty to breed him even if he didn't want it.  It wasn't that he was scared or even sad.  He was furious, indignant, and helpless.  The worst possible combination of emotions.
"It's about eight-thirty.  There's probably been a ton of people all over the place, Steve.  Gardeners, delivery drivers, laundry, mail... but no one that's not supposed to be here.  ...no Axis powers," he joked lightly, reaching up to card his fingers through Steve's hair.  "Don't worry... this place has state-of-the-art security measures in place.  No one gets through those gates who isn't supposed to."
Cooper walked over and picked up his sister around the waist.  "C'mon, Lila, I'll swing you. Leave Captain America alone. He's too important to swing you and he'd prolly launch you into space anyways."
, they'll eat that up," and, "hey, why don't you start off with that quote about there being no higher service than service to one's country?  Who said that, Nixon?"
He thrust harder, faster; he felt Steve quivering and whimpering beneath him, Steve's own body moving, seeking out its own pleasure automatically.  Every time Tony hit Steve's prostate, Steve's whole body clenched deliciously around him, tugging the knot.
"No one's complaining," Banksy winked and Steve laughed before heading upstairs. He changed into joggers and a hoodie before heading back down, letting Aria tug him down onto a sofa before finding a present thrown into his lap.
"No."  It was almost a groan, and she got the impression he was in pain, or at least discomfort.  She felt a pang of pity and then admonished herself for it; it felt prejudiced, wrong. After all, none of them pitied her for having menstrual cycles.
Tony was still largely confused about what was going on with this charity thing and why everyone was in such a good mood.  Pepper must have sensed his confusion because she shoved her tablet into his hands. On the front page of her news feed, headlines read:
He had been anxious when he saw them dragged Karpov into the van.  Very anxious. Because he knew what "retirement" meant. Knew where people who was pulled into the back of those vans went.  But even since his confused, rambling story about a sick omega, Karpov seemed back in everyone's favor. And he hadn't been given a retraining session, which he thought was very suspicious.
He pulled the rest of his old outfit (he couldn't bring himself to call his stage costume a "uniform") out of his suitcase, minus the tights. The stupid little boots felt weird without any socks on but they were party of the whole 'look' and Tony seemed to keen to appreciate it in its entirety.
His dreams were confusing, nonsensical and incoherent. Steve woke up feeling restless hours later, his dick hard against his thigh and his body sweating. Fuck. Steve rolled over onto his back and felt the dildo inside of him.
If those omegas were going to be in the omega-only area, Steve would have access, at least.  That was good.  Idly, Tony wondered how he was getting along...
were so damn happy?  How come Natasha didn't have to deal with this stupid trio crap?  Was it because she was more dominant than him?
“No.  No, no, no.  I need something important,” said Tony, jumping out of bed without taking Steve’s hand, and smoothing down his rumpled shirt.  He walked over to the pile of suitcases still in the center of the suite’s main room, digging through his luggage before producing a pair of handcuffs.  He snapped one of the cuffs onto Steve’s wrist before he could even ask what the hell Tony was doing, then dragged him over to the small, heavy metal briefcase.  He attached the other cuff to the handle.  “...there.  Need you to just carry that around for me.  Probably won’t need it, but better safe than sorry.  ...you okay, Sparky?  You looked a little worried when you saw those handcuffs.  Or should I say… excited?”  Tony patted Steve’s cheek.  “Just making sure my suit’s taken care of.  ….suitcase, get it?  Because it’s my suit, in a case!  Never mind.  I swear, I’ve never met an omega with a sense of humor. ...it's not too heavy for you, is it?" A brief look of concern flitted across Tony's face. A tiny glimmer of humanity behind the over-the-top playboy attitude he was always putting on.
Steve sighed as he felt Tony lean into him and arms curled around his waist. Steve curled his arms around the other's shoulders on instinct, his brain not quite catching up with his body. It was so easy to lean into his touch. Tony was addictive. Tony was
"Now, I don't want to talk about Howard, or SHIELD. They're the reasons why we met and why we're here, sure. But that's where it ends," Steve said, words careful as he dropped a tea bag into his mug. "I'm Captain America, but that's not... that's not all I am, you know?"
Steve squirmed uncomfortably beneath him.   It was kind of strange to have Tony's friends there, having a conversation with him whilst he was blanketed over Steve. Tony's body was bleeding warm into Steve, making the super soldier almost hot.  Steve was slightly embarrassed but when Tony growled, he froze automatically, letting Tony "protect" him.
"Go Steve," Aria chimed, handing Steve a chai latte. Steve was dressed in his usual navy blue suit and white shirt underneath. He'd decided to done the matching waistcoat this time, not afraid of dressing like his stereotype. He didn't really have the energy for that right now.
Rhodey's phone rang, and he answered it.  "Hey, Rhodey. How's it going?" asked Tony.  Back in Malibu, he and Steve were in front of a couple of computers in Tony's workshop; Steve was sitting in the chair, hands bunched into his hair.  Tony stood behind him, a comforting hand on his shoulder.
"We shouldn't go for twelve hours again. That was too much," Steve tried to say, too out of it to notice how Tony seemed to hesitate for a second and perhaps even disappear. Steve felt sympathy pain for his headache but that was normal in heats, when your body wanted to mate but you didn't.
, Steve!  It's a HYDRA base, not a Baskin-Robbins!  ...this sounds like a stupid revenge mission to me.  They attacked you, now you want to attack them. How do we know it's not a trap, huh?  How do we know they're not just luring you into their gingerbread house?"
...then you can touch as much as you want. But right now, you shower and you sober up. Come on. I'm not getting in there with you."
"That's so great. I'm so glad you can be you. You're great," Steve told him. He let Trey hug him, or rather cling to him, but then he quickly fell back into his brother's arms. He was giggling. Steve realised he was drunk, too.
He tugged Steve insistently toward the bedroom.  "You need to talk to SHIELD about getting some sort of antidote or something," he said sternly, peeling Steve's robe off.  "Can you imagine if I'd been able to pull the suit off and ended up knotting you on the floor? We would have been fucked. Pun absolutely intended."  He ran his fingers over Steve's face, grateful that now they weren't in uniform, that they were just Tony and Steve again. He studied Steve's face for the aggressive soldier that had been there before, but it had evaporated.  Tony couldn't believe they were the same person. He leaned forward to brush his lips against Steve's. "I'm sorry, Steve. I'm sorry I questioned you. I'm sorry I got upset. My Captain America, the one from the comics and stuff when I was a kid... he wasn't like that."  Tony looked down, running his hands down Steve's sides. "...I guess that's just another way they try to polish war up, make it seem less bad. I should know by now how it really is." He glanced up. "We're fighting the good fight, though, right?" He needed Steve's assurance.  Needed to know that, this time, the weapons he built and used were pointing humanity in the right direction. Tony trusted his mate to tell him the truth. He didn't trust SHIELD; he trusted Steve. Big difference. He had already gotten the impression that Fury was someone who cared a lot more about results than about methods, but Tony had forsaken that luxury years ago.  He was responsible for enough fallout, enough collateral damage and civilian causalities to last him a lifetime.
...they were, Steve realized, double-teaming him.  As psychologists who both had a pretty good knowledge of his background, they had reached the same conclusion: Steve was still being self-destructive.  Even if his actions at the Alphas United conference had been positive, there was no denying that there had been an element of danger in doing them, and clearly, both women thought that was his primary motivation
"I'm going to send you an address," said Fury.  "There will be a man at the address with his own security detail. He has a hard drive on his person, and I need it.  It has critical intelligence on HYDRA operatives.  It won't be far; he's within your reach. You could be back in bed by midnight."
Tony could have kissed her when she said she'd already called Gleason. Tony didn't know him well, but he'd been by a few times and Tony had at least a sense of familiarity with him.  Not quite trust-- he was too protective of Steve for that-- but something like it.
He took a thoughtful drag on the cigarette, trying to calculate his next move.  Was it on his dog tags?
Clint looked over at Tony, grinning broadly.  "Wanna have a snowball fight with my kids and my Alpha, Steve?  Getting up and moving around might help you warm up... you're shivering."  Clint didn't bother to add how unusual that was. Steve radiated heat; his metabolism was easily four times greater than a normal man's.  Yet sitting on the porch, Steve had begun shaking a little. Clint assumed it might be the topic they were discussing more than the cold. And he felt like he'd said his bit; now he just wanted to relax, help Steve take his mind off things.
Natasha sighed on the other end of the line. "Oh--" Her train of thought switched tracks. "Clint offered his condolences. Says he knows how shitty this can be."
Steve had seen Natasha be aggressive before.  But not like this. Her words, her tone, the volume... all of it was hard and violent.  She looked ready to murder Tony.
He looked up at Pepper, confused.  Betas didn't go into heat.  Yet she was the one closest to him.  And she was staring right at him.  Bright green eyes, eyes like sea glass, and a cute little constellation of freckles across her nose...
"я Карпова," he replied, grabbing for his throat.  If he could just break an arm or crush a few ribs, he was sure this one would stop moving around so much and he could take out--
He waited until Steve had left and been gone for five minutes before getting out of bed.  It felt good to stretch out his limbs.  In his boxer-briefs, he began an exploration of Steve's apartment.  He checked for bugs first; he didn't trust SHIELD not to watch Steve.  After all, they had sent Steve to spy on Tony, and Tony wasn't even yet a member.  But his search came up empty.  No bugs.
"Why would you ever not have a knotted one? That doesn't even make any sense," Steve mumbled, turning a very pretty shade of pink. He rolled back onto his back and tried to pull a serious face. He failed. He couldn't stop smiling. Steve giggled, cheeks rosy and blue eyes right.
Steve moved to kneel on the bed, head tucked downwards in the correct sort of position. Like this he always felt vulnerable, exposed even. But it was all about Steve showing respect to his Alpha through the trust he put in him. But he could feel that Tony was holding back.  Maybe it was the museum thing; Steve wasn't sure.
It was a motivation for a surprising amount of murders, actually. Omegas or Alphas who couldn't escape their lives would often kill their mate in frustration, and less often hatred. They didn't like feeling trapped. It was escapism through murder.
Steve paled a little at that. "If I hadn't had my friends looking out for me I wouldn't be here today," he said simply and he chilled a little inside when he realised it was the truth. "I was poor and not very well most of the time. I didn't have a means of defending myself and I shouldn't have had to."
"But ever since they found us, we have a place to sleep.  And we don't have to steal food anymore. It's nice."
Steve frowned a little. That was a good way of looking at it. He leaned over and pulled her into a hug. "Thank you Nat. I don't deserve you, really."
Tony looked over at George with curiosity; George's grin widened.  "Force-bonded," he almost sang, pointing to his neck with a sort of morbid pride.
Tony released Steve and offered him a hand up.  "...how's the... the thing with the kids going? Which ones are we gonna try to save?  Don't say 'all of them,' because I tried to get ten million dollars and Pepper said it was a no-go."
"Okay, Nat, I think I see you.  You've got a guy approaching from your southwest but he's distracted, looks like his firearm's jammed up.  Coulson, watch your back, please, two dudes coming at you from the right, around that trellis."
"...Tony and Steve's house," said Rhodey, and Donner visibly cringed at the mention of Steve; Rhodey quickly backtracked.  "There'll be other omegas there, too. There's a guy named George and a guy named David--"
"I'm from SHIELD," Steve said quietly. Technically, that was classified, but it felt like Pepper had a right to know after Steve had manipulated her like he did. "And I never sent over any designs but they did ask me to, for the record." Steve almost smiled. "I was just sent to see if Tony was right for the Avengers Initiative."
The omega came to him and reached out and he was touching his face, but that didn't make it better.  Bucky was feeling some weird emotion, something he hadn't felt in a long time, and he didn't like it at all; it made his throat feel tight and his stomach hurt and his face was wet.
Steve shook his head. He never wanted Donner to hear the details of what went on in that room. He hated the thought of him feeling responsible. If anything, it was Steve's fault. He shouldn't have... he shouldn't...
"It's not like you haven't got the money to fund it," said Tiberius, gesturing around the lavish living room.  "Stark fancies himself a philanthropist. Let him put his money where his mouth is. I think it's a fantastic idea, if we can get the funding and the legal protection.  ...
"Sorry, had to thin out the fan club... I'm heading over to the main stage to see if I can find Hammer... he'll know where Vanko is.  JARVIS, can I get a status update?"
"But..." Steve sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. "What if I-" He paused, finding the right words. "What if I don't
"Er-- yes, if you-- if you want to keep it, yes," said Dr. Gleason, who seemed to find Donner's reaction unexpected.
He opened his eyes.  A young woman in a lab coat was peering at him through thick glasses that magnified her eyes.  "Welcome back," she said.
Steve must have looked like he was about to protest because her voice softened a little.  "Steve.  It's not him.  It can't be.  He's, what, ninety-two, ninety-three years old?  I've
"We...we shouldn't be here," Steve whispered, staring down at his hands. They were red and shining in the blue light of Tony's chest. The metallic tang in the air was making him feel sick. "This place isn't for us. We're not... are we?" He didn't want to say it:
Aria sipped at more of her wine. "It's nothing catastrophic but it's something that could understandably freak Tony out a little. I would be freaked out by it, for sure.  This whole problem," Aria gestured at the air, "would be solved the minute Tony sees Steve as an equal. He doesn't want Steve to go off with another Alpha, so… there it is. That's all we need. And I don't know how we can make it
"Yeah. Yeah. I can walk," Steve nodded but he wobbled a little when he was set down. He gripped Tony's metal arm tightly, nails digging into metal. The leg that had been hit by the dart throbbed especially. The whole of his body just felt achy, like Steve was coming out the other side of a bad flu, or something. "Thanks Nat. And tell Sam too. Keep us updated."
"Come on!" Tracy made a noise of delight as a new song came in and dragged Steve onto the dance floor. "We gotta dance! I wanna see Captain America slut drop!"
Steve let out a quiet sound of approval as Tony nuzzled at his crotch and Steve's dick twitched in his pants in response. Dammit. His resolve was quickly crumbling, especially by the point that Tony had reached up to undo his zipper. Steve let him do it. God; why would he ever stop him.
Thousands of miles away, Pietro's attention was fixed on Bucky, while Bucky's was fixed on the television.  On the morning news, three hosts were discussing Steve. All three were Alphas (though an omega had made a brief, silent appearance earlier to refill their coffee mugs) and they were talking about how disgraceful it was for Steve to be wontonly bonding and encouraging sexual promiscuity among omegas.  He was, they said, a bad influence. Bucky's hair was bristling at the way they clucked their tongues; how dare they insult his omega.
"You can just rest if you want to... you're still healing," he added.  "...whatever you want to do Steve, I wanna, y'know, support that..." He reached over to run his fingers through Steve's short blond hair.
secrets bonds or romances or love interests, right?  Things with you and your Alpha friends, Sam, Natasha... just platonic, right?  No previous flirting or anything?  Other than Bucky, are there any other exes I need to know about?  I'm going to include, by the way, any... any undercover stuff you're doing.  You're not... not acting as anyone else's omega, right?  Not pretending?  There's
Gleason rose.  "You have my number, Captain, if you need anything at all.  Jeff's having twins so I might not be able to answer right away, but I'll do my best to be accessible.  ...just remembered, heats are temporarily. You'll both feel a lot more level-headed by the end of the week.  Merry Christmas."
Dr. Gleason had almost finished cleaning off Steve's neck ("I don't think this needs stitches," he reported) when there was a bang from the other room, the bang of a door slamming, and a moment later, Tony skidded in.  He'd thrown on a pair of jeans from the shop and was holding a robe for Steve. He offered it to him, looking anxious about what he'd missed.
The DJ had just started playing an electronic mix of Black Sabbath's "Iron Man."  A beautiful, very clearly inebriated blond fell onto Steve and grabbed his shoulders for support.  She giggled maniacally.  "Hi, sorry!"
When the door finally opened and Steve stepped in, Tony was chatting with Ellis; his sense of relief at seeing Steve's face immediately turned to horror at seeing Steve was wearing jeans and a workout shirt and that both were caked in blood.  He was limping.
He looked up at Tony when the question was asked, the blue of his eyes just discernible in the dimmed lights. "If you what?" Steve asked softly.
Tony put his hand into Steve's a gave him a little tug toward Happy.  Even with Tony's total lack of social graces, he understood this was a private moment.  He even waited until they were in the car to say, "Since when was Clint
One thing Karpov had never discouraged was parroting.  Bucky often resorted to it when he needed to get abstract ideas across and found himself incapable of doing so, which was often.  Bucky tried to remember where Karpov was but couldn't and so instead he just focused on his mission. According to Steve, that was "choosing a side."  Bucky didn't understand the concept of choice. At least not in the way Steve was talking about.
Pepper rolled her eyes.  "He's the one who drives me to drink in the first place.  Take a seat. I'm guessing you're here about the party."
If Steve had been a beta, Tony would have praised him for his idea, using the shield.  But he didn't because he didn't want Steve to get the wrong idea about them.  The kiss had meant nothing; it had been impulsive; besides, Steve had been playing Tony, spying on him, for weeks.  Their friendship, brand-new and fragile and just starting to bud, was over, as far as Tony was concerned.
"See you," Steve murmured. The massive crowd of omegas honestly intimidated him more than any of the Alphas in here, mostly because he cared what they actually thought of him. He swallowed and stepped into the mix, heading to the bar in the corner because that felt most natural. Barely any of the drinks were alcoholic and there was nothing stronger than Riesling wine; even the glass sizes were small.
," added Freak viciously, like this was one of the worst things she could think of to say about someone.  "I bet he
"The word is, they shelved Fury's Avengers Initiative," said Clint.  "He seemed pretty bummed about it. Not really sure why we needed it, though.  If you talk to Fury, he always sounds like Armageddon is about to happen any day now."
"Love you too," Steve hummed and nuzzled against his cheek. He frowned a little, more to himself than anything else. "I'm sorry. I won't do it again. Let me know if there's ever anything else you don't like."
Tony was feeling thoroughly refreshed.  He'd never had a calm birthday and so far it had been nothing but relaxing.  He soaked his feet, got a massage, got a mani/pedi, and was currently lying with a couple of cucumbers over his eyes, letting someone else wash his hair and trim his beard, while he sipped on a martini and listened to some Enya.  It was blissful to not worry about Iron Man or SHIELD or Project 84 or any of the other crap in his life.
"I'm not just this great awesome guy Tony. That's not real. I'm just human. That's all I am. I've killed people as well as saved them...hell I've decapitated people with my shield more times than I've protected someone else with it," Steve said. "The media version of me isn't real. Just like it isn't of you. We've both done bad things, can't you see that?"
Tony took the coffee gratefully and sipped it with slow, deliberate motions.  He checked his watch, then straightened his tie. “I’ll get there when I get there. I hate rushing through a cup of coffee,” said Tony, taking another slow sip.  “Hey, this is perfect.  Thanks, Sparky.  ...do you like Sparky or Fido better?  You know what, it doesn’t matter, you’re really more of a Sparky.  Fido is Latin for loyal, you know.  I took Latin back in prep school.  Didn’t really retain much, though.  Didn’t see the use in learning a dead language, you know?”  He took another tiny, delicate sip of the coffee, eyeballing an executive walking past in a pencil skirt and heels.  She caught his eye.  He smiled.  She smiled.  He winked.  Suddenly, the meeting seemed completely unimportant.
him..."  Justin's words about controlling his omega were echoing around in his head.  For some reason it bothered him.  It bothered him a lot.
"...it's okay," said Tony.  "Can I still hold you?" Steve didn't protest, so Tony maintained his grip on his omega.
Steve wasn't there, however. There was no sign of him. It was eleven in the morning, according to the green numbers flashing on the clock on the nightstand. Underneath the clock sat a sticky note that read "
There was a pair of legs in front of him.  Someone was sitting on a couch beside him, one leg crossed over the other, shoes shined to an immaculate gleam.
Sam looked troubled so Steve prompted him as Gleason soon became busy getting out tubes and swabs and anti-bacterial wipes. It was a distraction, at least.  "What about Yemen?" he asked.
"Naw.  They're a bunch of beach bums.  No one will care.  ...did you have a nice vacation, солдат?"  He laughed a little.  "...oh, my God, you smell that?  They gave him weed.  He's baked out of his mind."
Steve looked enormous.  His chest and shoulders were broad, muscular; he looked like a damned body builder.  Tony smiled sleepily at him, relaxing in the warm water.
"...yes," said Louis, glancing down at the tangled, sweaty mess of limbs on the  syrup-covered couch.  "Yes, I think that would be for the best."
"Standard procedure, Captain," said Phil quietly.  "And we'll need blood and urine samples. They drugged you, badly.  We need to make sure..." He trailed off.
He made only the tiniest whine of protest.  It was an automatic response.  A brief, stunned pause, and Fury was running (no, crawling) across the floor, scattered with Cheerios and glass, toward Carter and Rogers.
. At the time he'd been flattered by the attention, he hadn't known how to respond to it. But looking back now he was almost offended by it. They hadn't wanted him, they'd wanted his body.
"Yeah..." said Tony, clearly still distracted by the idea of Happy and Pepper leaving together.  "...yeah..."
Pepper's eye caught some movement; Phil's hand snaked out and pushed the mug of cocoa away from the entrance to his nest.
This is kind of a long chapter.  Tony's subconscious is a mess and so is this chapter.  We make no apologies.
Pepper sighed heartily; she had tried to help show Tony how to work the coffee machine earlier but Tony had dismissed her with the statement, "Oh,
When Steve spoke to him, it interrupted Tony's thoughts.  "Didn't you hear me, Rogers?  You're fired.  You don't have to do a goddamn thing anymore.  Frankly, you've done
There was challenge in Steve's eyes, almost like he was waiting on him. He held Tony's gaze for an almost uncomfortable amount of time. "Then take me." Steve breathed quietly, voice reverberating through the air.
Tony looked down, rubbing his palms on his knees.  He was thinking back to what Steve had said about his father hitting on him.  Did Steve ever look at Tony and see Howard? Was any element of Steve's attraction nostalgia for an Alpha he'd once known... an Alpha who had made advances, who had been universally adored as an icon of strength and dominance?
"It's been a long day," Steve supplied weakly.  He did not have the words, or energy, to explain all that had transpired in the last twenty-four hours.
"Steve lemme down, Pepper guess what, I was just working on my suit, everything's great, what kind of pizza is this, seriously, let me down, Steve-- Steve---"  Tony was squirming, still clutching the pizza box.
Pepper shot Aria a small smile.  She was finding Tony's efforts to be unexpectedly endearing.  It was more than she could have hoped for, really, especially considering it was early March.
"Have a safe flight," he told her and she sent him a grateful smile over her shoulder before she slipped away out of sight.
He could smell the shakes when they brought into the car. The smell was sugary and sweet, almost pleasant.  Almost.  Steve's stomach was upset with tension.  But with his metabolism, anything sugary was usually appealing.
"This'll die down in a week or two," Tony reassured Steve.  "...probably sooner, actually, since there's no public bathrooms or restaurants out here."
Tony nipped at Steve's lips, then leaned down to bite his neck.  His hands slipped down to Steve's waist and plucked at the hem of his shirt, pushing it up, exposing his abs.
On the range, Tony had switched from a rifle to a handgun.  The popping sound of gunfire floated over them.
"You...you work with Nat?" That seemed to comfort Steve, if only a little. Although he couldn't remember her mentioning a Rumlow before. But then, maybe this STRIKE thing was a new gig for her, he wasn't sure. Reluctantly, he nodded and stood. Rumlow kept his hand on his elbow and lead him towards a car. He put Steve in the back seat. He heard two men get into the front; Rumlow stayed in the back with him. Steve was feeling around, getting his bearings.  He had not felt this helpless in a long time, and he did not like it.
"Sure Buck. You don't look so good," Steve said even though the last thing he wanted right now was to be alone with him. Dugan was gathering up the money Howard had left them. "You boys buy a round, we'll be right back."
Tony looked around in a panic.  What the hell? Was fate testing him?  He’d just had a talk about monogamy with Pepper and then with Steve and suddenly two giggly attractive Morgans were closing in on him.
"Okay, so, here's what I've got so far. JARVIS! Power up the MARK VII suit components. ...so the idea is that they come to me and self-assemble. Watch! Jarv,
"A tie is like a collar," said Tony.  "...tie this?  Full Windsor or nothing.  Steve, can you tie a full Windsor? I only know a half."
Steve couldn't help but return the doctor's smile as Tony's fussing. Honestly, at that point, Steve didn't really care who saw what. But it was sweet that Tony did. He took the robe gratefully before Tony bent down to get started on his shoes.
.  You can't even look after yourself; you let Stark bond you."  Disgust dripped from his words. "James did what he was told to do.  He isn't bad. Only confused. To be honest, I consider him a friend.  He's a better man than Stark. I don't know what you two had, but he's never treated me poorly."
He tugged Steve through the drunk, cheering crowd, half of whom were butchering "Auld Lang Syne," and toward the steps to the basement.
.  Being a carrier for the beta gene doesn't dictate how dominant you are.  Sorry, folks. The good news, for all you Alphas who are married to a beta, you don't have to worry about that affecting your child's standing.  However, you should be aware that, if you're a carrier for the beta gene and your beta is a carrier for the omega gene, you could very well end up with an omega.  Nearly anyone can end up with anything. Although Alpha and omega genes cannot co-exist. Two Alphas will always have either an Alpha or a beta, and two omegas will always ave either a beta or an omega.  Having an Alpha-omega gene makeup is non-viable." Richard was gesturing to the poster with gusto.
Tiberius was watching the two of them with admiration.  He should have known there was no such thing as a non-hostile room of reporters.  They were practically frothing at the mouth. Beneath the table, Tony maintained his grip on Steve's hand, trying not to let all the comments about
Steve had been shocked when they gave him his bank account details after waking up; since Steve had not technically died and had been serving as a soldier on ice, he was owed backpay by the United States government, and because of his age, he was also owed social security.  Adjusted for inflation, he'd ended up with over three hundred thousands dollars. For Steve that had an insane amount of money.
Lydia was putting away the rose gold one, giving them their privacy; Kitty was watching them out of the corner of her eye, clearly fascinated by Steve's presence.
"Hey, hey, hey, look, everyone, look, this is Stan... Stan's my PA, isn't he something, look at him... he looks just like Captain America, right!  'Cept, y'know, omega.  He won't let me lick him, though--"
Steve gave Tony a bit of a lost look as they headed back out and gently lead Donner to sit down on a sofa.
"She's coming to Stark Expo on Friday to perform," Aria said, talking as if she was reading off her laptop screen. How was she being so calm about this? Steve was astounded. He really should have given her a heads up but she wasn't even annoyed that he hadn't. "You could meet her then, chat about omega rights and being blonde... whatever you guys actually have in common."
Tony's arms broke out in goosebumps.  He looked up at Steve, locking eyes with him.  Steve's eyes were so clear and sincere... Tony often felt like a terrible person, next to Steve.
"I mean, obviously, minus the baby bulge and the knock-off Armani jacket," added Tony.  Under his breath, he muttered, "Yeah, obviously it's knock-off. You're not fooling anyone, pal."
Steve then pulled the phone away and put his hand over it so Bucky wouldn't hear. "Don't you have a safe house, or something?" he hissed at Natasha.
Tony's mood was turning darker by the minute.  He'd had a brief, unhappy childhood, isolated by money and intelligence and his father's reputation.  It had ended with his parents' sudden deaths; at the age of 16, he was the CEO of a company worth more money than he could possibly imagine.  His only family had been Stane and Jarvis, but Jarvis had passed two years later, eaten away by grief for his father.  Tony hadn't cried at his parents' funeral, too shell-shocked, but had made up for it at Jarvis's.
Bucky considered this.  "...like Steve's sketchbook," he said suddenly, a light clicking on somewhere behind his eyes.
Steve smiled back at Corrie, something tugging in his gut. The omega solidarity from the forties had stuck- they were always on the look out for each other. They still had each other's back at an unspoken word. It feel good to have not lost that even if it was sad that it was necessary.
Steve looked up, his breath hitching a little. His eyes were still rimmed red. This was, he thought strangely, probably the most 'dominant' he'd ever seen Tony. He was standing over him and angry looking (and shirtless) and telling Steve to 'fucking count them'.  A weird part of him felt a need to press his forehead to the floor by Tony's feet but he didn't even know if that was a thing omegas did or not.
He could feel that tug in his gut. Steve knew he was getting closer. He focused on Tony's hands on his thighs, which made it easier not to buck up into him. The last thing he wanted was to make him have flashback, or something. And Steve knew first hand how easy that could be. His mind soon went off line, though, as Tony teased at the head with his tongue.  Steve gasped. "
Steve watched her go and then turned back, heading towards the bedroom. He swallowed and then knocked on the door before moving to open it. "Tony?" He called out. "Can I come in?"
Steve moved to cup Tony's cheeks and make him look at him. "Look at me. Okay? Look at me. They didn't get me. They tried and they
He wiggled his knot deeper into Steve.  "You want it?" he purred, stroking Steve, watching the omega arch and whimper.
For a moment everyone was silent and it was unclear whether Tony was even in there or whether this was merely a drone.
"He's gonna be okay, Clint," Steve said with a swallow. "But I can't-- you need to hear it from him."
He patched up the small cut on Steve's stomach properly so even during the heat the bandage wouldn't come off and left some slave for the bruise on his head invade it didn't go down. Steve as grateful and so didn't point out that the serum would be rid of it by tomorrow morning.
"I'd ask Gleason," Clint said and Steve hummed. Even his body was calling out for someone else during their next heat, Steve would be damned if he was going to tell Tony that. They were better than biology; he'd said so himself.
killed you? Yeah, okay, your Alpha pride is intact. I still have to go bury you, then, knowing it was
He was a bit concerned about what Steve might think of as sexy.  Steve had a lot of old-timey sensibilities and Tony couldn't imagine what Steve was possibly going to show him.
Dr. Gleason raised a hand in greeting.  Despite all of them being familiar, Ty's smell still kept most statused people at an arm's length.  Like a disfiguring scar, it was disturbing and impossible not to notice.
"Tony. Tony... hey. Hey. Come on." Steve reached for Tony's arm, pulling him close before he could slip back into the crowd, clearly on a mission. He wasn't entirely sure where he'd put his own drink down. Maybe he'd drunk it already, who knew? He lifted a hand to cup Tony's cheek, trying to keep his mate's gaze on his face. "Fighting Pitbull won't make you any more or less of
The touch of Bucky's flesh hand was warm on his leg. Steve stared down and gently took the hand in both of his. Shit. He really was here... he was alive. The chances of survival were so miniscule...and yet here they were. Together again.  A war could not separate them; time could not separate them; literally death could not, had not, separated them.
Steve cried out, almost in relief, as Tony began driving into him properly. It even made the bed shake a little and Steve's thighs quivered again as they were spread wider with each thrust.
He moved on automatic to make them waffles like he had the night before. This time he did them with bacon and scrambled eggs, glancing over and guiding Tony to the mugs as he made them both hot drinks. For Steve, it was green tea; he ignored Tony's look of disapproval. He needed to get back into his routine.
"Piper gave me a business card for some other lady... but I don't know why.  But I can call her. And Eric knows Gene, I think he's like... a broker or something.  That's our lead."
A partial lie, of course.  Pepper considered Steve and Aria both to be friends, close friends, even, if only because she saw them so regularly.  She didn't want to admit to an actual kiss. Besides, it was hardly that; brief, with only a faint brush of lips, like butterfly wings.
Status Alliance was certainly more Steve's style than the Horseshoe Society, but he didn't want to alienate any potential allies by picking a side. He sighed quietly and ran a hand over his face.
"Look, kid, I'm sorry, okay?  Seriously. I really am. But that was a lifetime ago.  And I can't change what already happened. People die, it's sad, you get over it."
"Stan?  Did you... I gotta know... did you shack up with anyone?  While you were in heat?" asked Tony.  "...is that an Alpha?  ...you just went home, right?  You're one of those strong, progressive omegas who doesn't have an Alpha, right?  ...right?  ...Stan, who is that?"
put him here! Hadn't he...? Steve looked down at the red on his hands. Both bodies were gone and there was no smell either. But Steve was stuck with this strange sense that he wasn't alone.
Tony slid an arm around Steve's waist.  "...sure. A lot of eggheads are here. Reed and Elon are both brilliant.  But neither of 'em are as good of a dancer as me." He grinned, he and Steve stepping in an easy four-step waltz.  "Does this bring back memories to the swingin' twenties, Steve? ...or at least the swingin' New Year's party we had... I hope you're not expecting another blow job after this..."
comment was pretty dangerous, but I think we're okay.  You earned 1.25 million for a Yemeni educational fund so that ought to soften the blow.  Overall, things look positive." Pepper liked checking on the media's impression of Steve more than Tony.  Tony had always been a controversial figure. After Steve's interview in January, people had
"Here."  Happy forked over a pair of jeans; Tony held on to his shoulder for support while he tugged them on.  The paramedics looked alarmed; Tony was a mess and the bruises were starting to bloom. Undoubtedly, he looked worse than he was, because of the dirt on his face and his hair being so wild.
"It wouldn't be so bad if they just wouldn't bring it up every single time," said Tony suddenly.  "It's like... no one appreciates that that was a near-death experience.  They all wanna know what it was like and I can't say,
"Yo, Steve? What's up? Ha, were you there for the Pitbull thing? Man, that was funny. This isn't about Bucky, right? Because I can't--"
"I need to get out of here," Steve said quietly, looking up into Bucky's eyes.  Fierce, fiery blue met glassy, muted grey.  "And then, I want to save you."
Steve was drawn out of his thoughts as Tony's fingers brushed against his own. He didn't have any swim trunks, but there was hardly any real need for them, was there?
He was clawing at the surface of consciousness, trying to surface; he couldn't breathe; he needed that fucking arc reactor.
Jesus Christ, no wonder they'd hidden that Captain America was an omega back in the forties.  In heat, Steve seemed downright helpless, almost infantile.
There was a tentative knock at the door and DeSoto peeked in.  "...hi," he said, easing into the living room.
She blinked and turned the paper over.  There were very few pictures indeed of Steve taken before the serum, and those were on display in museums.  This one was entirely new.
She reached up to slide her hands through Steve's hair gently.  "Did the serum make that bigger, too?" she whispered, glancing down.
Steve hummed contently, only paying attention again when JARVIS mentioned his name. He should probably tell the AI to stop calling him 'Captain' but a small part of him liked the title still...and from an AI it didn't really
"Well, technically, you're not allowed... Captain." The waiter looked about twenty; dark hair flopped over his face. "But I'm sure I can bring you some '
Eyes turned to Tony.  He was frozen, mid-sip through a cocktail, and still in his sunglasses and underwear.  "...admittedly this looks bad," he said, glancing down at himself.
When they got to Steve, Pepper and Happy were knelt down beside him. Happy was speaking into a phone, calling for help, probably, while Pepper had a hand on Steve's chest, the other keeping his head propped against her knee. There was a small cut on Steve's temple that looked worse than it was. And there was a few other cuts and bruises here and there. One of his shoulders looked at a bad angle- it was probably dislocated when it hit the wall.
Steve was shaking with tension but Tony made no move to let up, keeping a firm grip on Steve's thigh, his mouth working over Steve's shaft relentlessly.
The back of his neck prickled a little.  He didn't recognize the other Alpha with Steve.  "...hi.  You must be Sam.  Anyone else think it's really funny that Steve's buddy is named Sam?  ...like Uncle Sam?  No?" asked Tony, sticking his hand out.  He couldn't help the rising dander on his neck; Sam was attractive.  He and Tony were the same height and both of them had a neatly trimmed goatee.  Tony couldn't help but start drawing comparisons.  He and Sam seemed about on the same level in terms of dominance.  And he could tell that Sam was looking him over, sizing him up.
Metal fingers brushed over his cheek and then cupped it. The metal-armed man wore a mask, and googles over his eyes, but Steve wasn't afraid of him. His voice was raw and unused when he spoke. "Stevie-?"
He paused and he could see the consequential panic on Tony's face. "You could," he agreed. The time line matched up neatly. Steve was aware that it was actually quite a minor and a very simple operation. There was almost no risks. He just...
"Right, shall we try again?" Louis said, with a warm smile. Steve dropped his hands back down into his lap.   "As I was saying, Steve, you're in preheat, yes? What was your experience of this kind of thing in the forties?"
Steve frowned a little. "Excuse me a moment," he pulled away and headed over to Rex. The man's collar was like Steve's, classy but subtle. He didn't even look up from his book until Steve said: "Hey--"
Tony shivered with delight at the noises Steve was making, squirming against him and burying himself as deeply as he could.  He felt his balls brush against Steve's skin.  "That's it... good Steve... you're doing so good..." purred Tony.  He was reluctant to pull away from Steve, enjoying as much skin-on-skin contact as possible, but he needed more; he put his hands on Steve's hips and sat back, tugging Steve's hips up with him, giving him a couple of quick, sharp thrusts, looking down at him lovingly.  He didn't want to get too carried away and hurt him, but it was hard to hold back.  Looking down at Steve, though, there was no question as to his pleasure; Steve was writhing under him like he was in heat all over again, his erection standing at attention across his stomach.  His skin was glistening with sweat, gleaming in the glow of Tony's arc reactor, and his blond hair was matted against his forehead.  Tony moaned, arching, reaching down to brush Steve's damp hair away from his face.  "You're beautiful, Steve, you have no idea... I can't believe I'm mating you... you feel so good..."
, just in case that made it more true. Steve looked down at the metal bulk of a man and then up at Tony who'd fallen with him on his back. The man somehow looked more alive now he knew his name.  "We have to get out of here," he said, curling in on himself. "There has to be a way out. I don't like this. This place isn't for us. Not for us. No. Not yet. Almost, but not yet."
"Never mind.  Anyway, Banner flipped out and was tearing around the campus destroying everything.  They had to bring in the National Guard.  The best part?  They were using my sonic cannons!  AccuTech's stock
He got to his feet unsteadily and began stomping upstairs.  The smell of bacon assailed him. Right. Steve was an early riser.  Tony took a deep, steadying breath to calm himself, wanting to be strong for Steve, wanting to focus on the others' problems instead of his own.
Steve tried to move. Bucky was heavy on top of him. "Bucky," he said, his voice a little shaky. "Bucky.  You've got to let me go.  Please. Bucky."
Steve was feeling incredibly weary by the time they got home and incredibly fed up with Alphas. That night, he just resigned to the fact that he would never truly understand them and that he would never get why they felt a need to prove anything. Sure, omegas might compete over an Alpha but they wouldn't goddamn fight another omega they met, just prove a point! Okay, maybe that was exaggerating the situation but...still. Tony was better looking, had more more money, and had a mate, in comparison to Pitbull.  He didn't need to prove anything at all he and Steve were already bonded and Steve had never even talked to the guy!  And yet he felt a need to fight him.
The last few weeks had slogged past with a certain shine to them.  Tony knew Steve was restless; the guy was up at dawn every day, working out, but Tony was content to play around in his shop with the new suit and ignore as many e-mails and phone calls as possible.  He got a brusque letter one week after the battery of SHIELD tests informing him that he was approved for active duty (or rather, that Iron Man was approved for the Avengers initiative) and to await further instructions.  That was it.  No more, no less.
"Good idea... Pepper won't abide losing a bunch of money," said Tony.  He opened the door for Steve and held it. He wasn't merely being polite; Tony never was, if he could help it.
Across town, Bucky was driving east, fiddling with irritation with the radio.  Traffic was lousy.  Really lousy.  At this rate, it would take him an hour to get to the Allegria.  He had a distinct sense of panic that was half-his and half-Steve's. Perhaps "panic" wasn't the right word.  Bucky didn't truly feel fear or panic. He felt a sense of excitement, the kind when he was imminently about to complete an objective.  He had to get to Steve, who, he could sense, was in distress, was worried and panicking and needed him, and Bucky had shoved aside his other objective (finding Karpov) to get to Steve, whose safety was crucial.  He felt a dull sense of anxiety that he might not complete his mission, that something terrible might happen to Steve, but he was incapable of feeling any sort of disabling dread; his emotions were numbed and did not get in the way of action.
Tony's face split into a grin.  "...you're freaked out!" he exclaimed. "This movie is scaring you, isn't it?"
"...hm," repeated Rhodes.  "Virginia, hand me that glass of water," he said, gesturing to a glass of clear liquid on Tony's desk.
"What are you making?" Steve asked, peering over the tables and honestly having no idea. There was obviously method in Tony's madness but it meant that, for Steve, it was quite undecipherable.
The word came out choked and shaky and the thing that hurt about it most was the way his old mate was looking at him- like a stranger. It
He smiled and closed his eyes for a moment, enjoying the sensations, before he moved to curl his legs around Tony. "Come on, then. Come on," Steve said, sounding a little breathless. "Show me what I've been missing, Alpha. Fuck me."
Steve went out for lunch with Kerry and George to give him an update. And he didn't miss the way George's hand lingered on the small of her back when they went up to order their coffees. That made him smile.
"Only omegas..." Steve repeated. It was stupid but he hadn't realized. He thought the reason they were all Os was because they were the most interested in omega rights issues, not because it was...exclusive. Steve was all for creating safe spaces for heats and stuff but he didn't know how he felt about that. Kinda seemed like they were shooting themselves in the foot before they were even getting started.
. He let the pad of his thumb brush over Tony's bottom lip. He shivered. "I love you, too." They felt so easy to say, so automatic. But their meaning weighed heavy in the air and a new kind of tension settled over them, but not a bad kind.
That was something Steve couldn't get over...pictures. How easy they were take now and how accessible. How a person could carry around over a thousand of them just on their phone. It was amazing how easy it was to preserve memories nowadays, Steve thought. Back in the forties photographs had been precious and certainly not readily available. They'd made the soldiers feel like movie stars when they turned up with cameras and made them pose and line up in rows. But then they would go out into battle and that feeling would quickly fade away.
"Maybe I've decided that dragging you out of bed is no longer the most persuasive technique." Steve shrugged innocently as he dropped down the tie with everything else. His tongue darted out to wet his bottom lip briefly. "I think it's better to get you to take a little gumption of your own. You're a lot less grumpy when you get yourself out of bed."
"Let me tell you, nothing makes me feel like more of a genius than having Steve ask me to reset the WiFi," said Tony with a smile, patting Steve's leg.  "But seriously, ah... Steve growing up in the twenties and thirties hasn't been a problem. He's very progressive. Very headstrong. In some ways I think I'm the more backwards one.  I grew up very privileged and I think that, generally, the upper crust of society is often the most resistant to change. I mean, my childhood butler was an omega and..." Tony paused to take a sip from his mug.  "...and we never looked each other in the eye. I didn't realize that until recently and... and I guess I have a lot of guilt over that. A lot of regret."
.  Steve's expression was one of fake shock.  He had a feeling it was actually Aria's suggestion.  But he saw the humor in it.  And it was also making a point.
"Oh, shit, sorry.  I... I had a late night."  Tony realized almost immediately what that would sound like.  "Not banging Steve!  Working on Iron Man!" he said quickly, sitting up in bed.  His hair was a mess.
"Here."  She passed him a third drink; Tony took it with the gauntlet, with surprising delicacy, and sipped it.
"Not real," repeated Tony, dragging a hand across his face.  "It's not real.  It's not real.  It's not real..."
"I'm honestly doing good. I'm fine." And he meant it. Spending a day with Clint and Natasha... and Laura... it had been amazing, exactly what he'd needed.
Tony reached up to place a hand on Steve's stomach.  "Lay down for me, Steve?" he asked, his voice softer, less teasing and more sincere.
He stopped suddenly, mid-yawn, remembering part of the dream.  He looked over at Jarvis, trying to get a look at the back of his neck.  Damned high collars.
.  Tony had spent the whole movie acting like he was being tortured and proclaimed firmly that the title referred to the audience, not the characters.)
Gleason pressed his lips together in a thin line. "I'm so sorry Steve. But I don't have the answers. I've never heard of an omega who couldn't feel their Alpha.  I will see you on Sunday, yes?"
It was awkward. They were both teary, for different reasons, and Steve had to wiggle where he was half squished by Tony. But he managed to hold Donner's hand from the back seat. The omega's fingers felt sweaty and shaky. "It's o-okay Donner, m'not going anywhere."
He did not know how he'd gotten here, what had happened, whether he'd just had a dream or some sort of strange flashback or what, but he was shaken and paranoid.
Lack of preparation... that was also what had made Afghanistan so tough.  Pepper hadn't known how to console him. Yes, he made weapons. Was he truly so completely unaware of what weapons
Steve felt bad as he walked over and saw Donner begin to squirm. He was just going to make things worse again. Oh, God. He sighed internally. Why was Donner afraid of
ready!" barked Tony, still grinning.  He was already clearly tipsy even though midnight was several hours away, and his arms were wrapped around the waists of two giggly women.
"Yeah," said Steve.  It was like he could feel Tony's gaze on the back of his neck without having to look up. A moment later, he felt Tony's fingers on his bond-mark, gently tracing its outline.  "I... Googled it," Steve admitted. "Just because it tastes bad one time doesn't mean it always will.  The gland and the mark, they can change over time."
Karpov had a radio clipped to his belt and an old Klashnikov slung over his shoulder and had donned his beret; he looked ready for a fight.  The soldier learned why quickly; the radio was chattering away, static-y voices declaring that Base 23 was compromised.
Tony swallowed and reached around to put the collar on Steve's neck.  The click of the lock was loud enough for both of them to hear.
. Steve groaned, loudly, as some old woman poked and prodded at his back. The sensation was heavenly; he should have done this sooner. Hell, Steve thought, he should do this every week. Tony was next to him, having the same thing done but he was only distantly aware of it...it was just him and Josephine's hands, as far as Steve was concerned.
, he thought.  For a split second, his brain had been utterly hijacked, and that was absolutely terrifying.  If this was a pseudo-heat, Tony was worried about what a real heat would be like.  His experience on the plane had been goddamn awful, and that was before they'd bonded.
time around? That was the problem with Steve, wasn't it? He was the kind of omega every one admired...but no Alpha wanted.
?"  Gideon shifted Steve a little, laying his head onto his knee, so that he was sort-of kneeling in front of the couch.  He continued to rub behind Steve's ears and play with his hair lovingly. No. Not lovingly. There was no love, just a cold, proud sort of possession.
Pepper had once said that handing Tony a microphone was like handing a bag of candy and a puppy to a child.  She was not entirely mistaken.
That was a relief. Hopefully that meant it would be the same for Steve too. Pepper grabbed a blanket off of the side of the den and a pillow from the floor before heading back into the kitchen. She dropped the blanket over both Steve and Tony and then offered the pillow now that she could look down without offending Steve's decency.
"...we can leave after pizza..." mumbled Tony into his hand, slouching into the office chair, making no move to get himself a slice.
"Maybe we should call it a day," Jane suggested tentatively, a hand on Derick's arm. The male beta looked ready with some kind of retort, despite the 'threat' having been aimed at Callum. "It's been lovely to meet you both," she told them, turning to face Tony and Steve. "And we hope you have a wonderful birthday, Mr. Stark."
"It's not about Christmas Tony," Steve said softly. He didn't lean away from his touch but he didn't lean into it either. He sank down on the mattress, his head in his hands as he tried to push away the threatening migraine and sudden fatigue. It wouldn't go away; that empty feeling Bucky left him with every time Steve heard the shrill laugh of a girl he brought home.
"Hey, lover," called Tony, climbing heavily down the last few stairs and crossing the room slowly.  He wrapped his arms around Steve's waist.  "...what are you looking at?"  He peeked over Steve's shoulder.  He was in a good mood, maybe because of what a gorgeous day it was, or maybe because he had a good excuse to toss out the tulips now that they'd been dropped.
Steve sighed, steeling himself for the worse. "It's not...normal, to buy a life partner. You meet them first, get to know them, go on dates--"
Tony perked up slightly.  It was the wee hours of the morning, three or four am, but she was here, just like she'd promised, not a hair out of place.  Tony had always admired her ability to compose herself on short notice.  She was wearing a navy skirt suit, looking like she'd come straight from the office.  Tony wondered if she even had any non-work clothes.  Their relationship had always been professional; Tony couldn't imagine her walking around in a t-shirt and sweatpants, even though he would have liked to.
Steve woke in the morning to the sound of a chopper's engine outside. He sat up wearily, having not gotten much sleep. Tony's own confusion and misery was lodged deep in Steve's chest and he felt positively ill with it. He had a lot to say to Tony, but he had to say it in person. When he stepped out into the cabin's tiny kitchenette Natasha was already inside, a coffee in each hand. "You're really not good at this normal life thing, you know that?"
"War's never good.  War's never pretty," said Steve mildly.  "Sometimes, it's necessary.  But it's never good."
. It like a further line had been drawn between them and Steve hated it. He couldn't even feel their bond anymore; he couldn't even see it.  Was Bucky mad at him for getting the serum, for losing his mark? He sighed and fiddled with the sleeve of his uniform awkwardly. He hated the thing; it was too tight. And too warm in here. And Howard was being his usual over-friendly self.
When Donner got out of the car, he paused for a moment, looking down the street.  It was late enough that there were no people and very little traffic; the night was cool, but not overly so, and the streetlamps glowed resolutely, giving the world a warm hue.  The look on his face was hard to read, but it looked like he was suddenly aware of a wider world, one where people didn't shuttle him to and fro places... one that he could run away into.
"I'm okay if you're okay," he whispered. Not even thinking about his phone. It didn't matter. It could wait. Steve would no doubt hurt himself reaching out to it in the first place. He settled back, letting his legs fall down either side of Tony as it ached to keep them curled around him. He hummed softly, eyes heavy lidded.
Was Tony right? Was Steve disgusting? He didn't know but he was sure beginning to feel like it, all the hype from the fight dissipating the instant he stepped into lab 9.
"Now would someone like to explain to me what the hell is going on?" Fury called out as he stepped into the house, a flurry of footsteps following in his wake. Apparently SHIELD didn't ring the doorbell.
The next morning, Steve rose early, as always. He'd been given clear instructions on what to wear, and how to be groomed.  His hair was neat but not slicked back. He'd already showered, so he was set, really. Steve leaned back a seat in the living room, surrounded by orchids, and closed his eyes for a brief moment.  This was the calm before the storm.  Rationally, Steve knew he should probably be nervous but he was feeling pretty okay about everything. He would just get up on a stage, say a big thank-you to all the acts, answer a few questions, sing a song, and then get down. It wasn't like he was having to apologize a second time over; that would be harrowing and (Aria agreed) milking it too much.
"He's alive. And he's gonna be okay. Look, Clint, he's not in the best of shapes now, but I think it's best you hear his story from him." (He'd said not to mention the rape kit, so Steve wasn't going to.) "We'll be heading home tomorrow or in the next couple of days, and we can bring him back with us."
"Captain. You can't go outside." It was Mac, he was frowning at him. The warm-up act was on stage, getting everyone ready for the main event. Steve didn't recognise his name. It wasn't really his kind of music. He liked it with lyrics, or at least, more than a few repeated words.
The soldier nodded, not entirely following.  He didn't want to speak out of turn and he always wanted to be agreeable.  Smoking was one of the very few luxuries afforded to him. Being spoken to like a person was another.  Karpov was clearly in a good mood.
about that? I'm goddamn furious. However angry you think it makes you I feel it tenfold Tony. He's already ruined my life once, I'm not going to let him do it to me again.  And do you think I'm happy that I nearly killed you? Really? Because I'm not. I'm fucking terrified. I didn't want this. I didn't ask for this and you're acting like...like I'm going it on purpose. I don't know why you'd think that. I don't know why you'd think that I'd ever want to do this to you. And it kills me that I can't stop it!" Steve exclaimed.
Bucky didn't like needles.  He hadn't ever since Azzano, since those days as a POW when Dr. Zola had injected unknown substances into his veins that burned and crawled and itched like worms under the skin.
Tony dragged himself to St. Brendan's wearing sweatpants and sunglasses with the hangover to end all hangovers.
Steve stepped into their bedroom and started to undress, tugging off his shirt and trousers and folding them up neatly on the chest of drawers before he moved to pull out a soft tee. Clad in just that and boxers he got into bed, grabbing his phone too as he went. He tucked his knees up against his chest, back against the ridiculous amount of pillows. He texted Natasha.
.  He wanted to stop his Alpha feeling so insecure. But it was evident that that simply wasn't possible. Trust was a slow process, something to be built up one brick at a time. If Steve rushed that process their trust would, yet again, have shaky foundations. This was stripping back and starting anew which, in itself, demanded a degree of caution.
Tony's fingers ran over the scar on the back of Steve's neck.  "Mine," he said quietly, tentatively, tracing the ridges.  "...omega," he added.  His voice was hopeful.  It was almost a question.
"Seriously, um...thank you," Ian said a little awkwardly as he tucked his phone away.  Georgina was already distracted and playing with the sand, her enthusiasm for meeting Captain America overshadowed by the fact that she'd just found a sand dollar.  "All the stuff you're doing for us, our status... it's amazing.  Seriously.  Thank you so much."
evening," replied Tony, drawing a hand over is face.  "Take us to the plane, Hap.  I just wanna crash."  He pulled Steve into the back seat, waited until the door was closed, and then demanded, "Okay.  Full story.  What the hell happened, Steve?  Who shot you?  What happened to Fury?"
"--what Steve said, about a witch, really, it does seem likely that was a hallucination or misunderstanding, though, yes?" prompted Sitwell.
"Whoa.  Whoa, whoa, I don't want him," said Rhodes, holding up his hands, keeping a respectful distance from the pair.  "Come on, Tony, you know me.  Chill out."
This was the sort of sex Tony used to have in the nineties, when he and his partner (or partners) were high on coke and had been partying all night and still wanted more.  This was the kind of sex Tony was famous for. The kind he hadn't had much of, not since Afghanistan.
The drive was a little tense, though at some point Steve's hands did relax back down by his sides. When they neared the place he subconsciously reached for Tony's hand beside him, curling a few of their fingers together. He didn't like being nervous, but he was. He knew when they'd turned onto the right street because he could see the crowd gathered around the establishment and signs waving in the air. Steve  narrowed his eyes, spotting a few signs in the distance:
And now they were all dead. Steve swallowed down the lump in his throat, eyes flitting to Bucky. There didn't look anything wrong with them. He looked fine. Was Natasha right in saying he was sick after Zola?  That the experiments performed on him in the POW camp had messed him up somehow, ruined their bond?  Or had Steve managed to save him in time?
"Sure.  Flashbacks, sometimes," said Tony uncomfortable, drawing away a little, his hands still on Steve's waist.  Steve looked confused and unsettled.  Tony hadn't yet seen Steve like this but he wasn't surprised; the guy was a WWII vet, after all.
“Don’t ever compare me to a dog again,” snapped Steve.  Somehow, the thought of Tony finding him “cute” made it even worse.  He wasn’t there as a form of entertainment, and he didn’t like hearing Tony’s skewed opinion on his existence without even being able to defend himself.
"Condom," Tony managed, reaching for the drawer of the nightstand.  Steve was already wiggling against his shaft, his entrance slippery and inviting; Steve was rubbing them together eagerly, arms around Tony.  Tony let out a whimper; he was so painfully, achingly hard. "Condom," he repeated, trying to get Steve off him, but Steve was heavy and insistent and Tony could feel his head nudging teasingly at Steve's entrance.
In the back, Tony had passed out on the floor, propped up against the wall, a screwdriver in one hand and a martini in the other.
Tony closed his eyes again, a slow smile of pleasure spreading across his face, arching his hips into Steve, letting his body be used and pressed into the counter over and over again.  Even now, even in the throes of passion (Steve's face was flushed and his muscles were popping), Steve was still conscious of his weight and size; his actions were deliberate, not too rough, and Tony felt a surge of affection that had nothing to do with sex.  He'd always been a selfish lover and expected the same from his partners.  Seeing Steve acting so consciously, so careful not to hurt him... it engendered in Tony a rare sense of trust in another human being.
"It's a support group for people, mostly Alphas, whose mates have been forced-bonded.  That can be a traumatic experience, and not just for the omega."
"We need to get more drinks," Tracy said seriously. "You won't dance like this. We need to make Steve dance!"
"Yeah but you didn't just... wear them around.  I mean, maybe if you had a day off and you were walking around on the base.  ...we called them waist overalls."
Tony leaned forward and licked the back of Steve's neck tenderly.  They were knotted; somewhere, Tony was sure, George Washington was probably rolling over in his grave.
"If you don't mind my asking..." said Laura as they tromped up the stairs.  "...I'm a beta, so I don't really... completely understand the dynamics. If you two were
For now, at least, Bucky was off their minds, and they were more than halfway through Steve's heat.  Armed with a dildo that put his own cock to shame, Tony was pretty sure he'd make it through this.
"No way," said Eric, shaking his head adamantly.  "I'm trying to have a kid... can you imagine if I lost her for a night and she came home carrying some other guy's whelp?  Ugh. Forget it. Most people only bet omegas if they've been sterilized or already had kids or are on suppressants. ...can Steve... uh... can he conceive?"
Tony ignored her comment.  "If an Alpha is acting around an omega like the omega is in heat, but the omega
Steve sat cross-legged in the dirt, hands in his lap, looking serious. At least most of the kids were fascinated by him, so they listened. But he was still 'just' an omega, as Edgar kept grumbling to himself.
With a gentle hand on Tony's shoulder he lead the engineer to sit down on the couch. "Give me your hand," Steve said, tone fond as he sat next to him. He pulled out some antiseptic wipes. "This will hurt," he warned him and then he began to clean away the blood.
Tony's teeth gritted.  Again, this bullshit with his father and omega rights.  Tony growled and thrashed.
For a brief moment he was seated in the cell, the cage,, the blood hot as it trickled down his neck. A thin streak of it made its way to the drain in the center of the cell, the floor tilted downwards...
He aimed a fist at the wall, punched it, and then he leaned his head down, threading his fingers into his hair tightly. His shoulders shook.
"Don't worry, Romanov.  He's good, for a civilian, but no one's going to replace Barton," said Fury.
He couldn't say he had too many regrets.  He wished he could tell Pepper he loved her.  Wished he could hold Steve, just hold him, cuddle him.  But other than that, he was satisfied with his life.  The big stuff, like the company and the suit, he'd passed on.  It would be okay.
Throughout dinner, everyone was talking politely and pleasantly about various aspects of their lives.  Rodriguez's daughter had taken up flute lessons.  Louisa Ellis had a funny story about her sister, also an omega, who had bonded to an Alpha and gotten a very rare emerald orchid that, it turned out, was merely a white orchid that someone had dyed.  Irshad had recently given a lecture at Culver University, where General Ross had a daughter.  Everyone was very careful not to ask why, exactly, Steve had shown up an hour late and covered in blood.  It just wasn't polite.  The conversation touched lightly a few times on omega rights, which Tony struggled to look interested in even though he could barely follow.
"Eighty-four is a lot," Steve whispered, gaze drifting down to the floor. His gaze was distant, his mind drifting off.
"I don't want Richard to know.  I, uh... I want to stay anonymous, though," said Rex awkwardly as he put Steve's number into his phone.  "Richard's got a good career and besides, Pine Hills was already closed. I'm a good omega. I don't like to cause trouble.  I was really, really lucky Richard adopted me after, you know. I don't want to make things difficult for him." He gestured vaguely toward his neck.  He didn't need to tell Steve that his arvicolinectomy had not gone well. While Ty's smell was eerie and uncomfortable, it was lovely compared to Rex's.  Rex's pheromones screamed at Steve to get away. There was an acrid, fear-like quality to them. It wasn't a smell so much as a feeling, one of repulsion.  The feeling you got when you thought you saw something evil out of the corner of your eye late at night. As if Rex's body had permanently gotten stuck in the state it had been in at Pine Hills; whatever testimony he could give was nothing compared to the torture that was burned into his body's pheromones.
Tony wrapped his arms around his omega, drawing their bodies closer, and buried his face into Steve's collarbone to huff his scent.  He wiggled his hips, prodding, feeling the resistance. Then he felt it give and he sheathed his length up to the knot with a deep moan, punctuated with a breathless laugh.
Tony’s living room was bustling with activity as Steve and Pepper made their way down the curved staircase.  The furniture had disappeared to clear space for the ice sculptures and tables of hor d'oeuvres. A stage had been set up against one wall; Steve could only assume the furniture had been dumped into the garage to make way for it.
He went to bed, curling up in the sheets in Tony's robe still. It was strange...going to sleep by himself for a change. The bed was a little cold. But Steve had been up since six and soon sleep was tugging at his bones.
"He sounds okay, right?" he asked JARVIS.   "He doesn't sound like I hurt him too bad or anything... I didn't wanna be so hard on him but... but he... he was just lying to me, JARVIS... the whole time.  He didn't care about me.  I needed to make sure he wouldn't come back.  He said... he said I was a shitty Alpha..."
"I can get everything delivered for a Christmas dinner tomorrow," Aria offered gently, trying to placate the room. "Make it, you know, Christmassy..."
it.  I once got my ear pierced in college but I let it grow back because Obie threatened to kill me and I think he was serious about it.  Sometimes I choke myself with a belt to get off."  Tony took a breath.  "I think you know most of my other dirty secrets.  But let the record show that I've always been honest with you, Steve.  I may be an ass, but I'm an open book.
Piper was watching Tony with interest.  "Daddy, let me," she said suddenly. She smiled sweetly.  "You watch the auction; I can find it for Mr. Stark, I don't mind."
"I got you an espresso. Quadruple shot," she greeted him.  "Is that going to be enough to affect you in any meaningful way or do you need more?"
.  That was the childish thought that was keeping Tony from dropping.  He had to be wrong.  There had to be a mistake.  Tony's brain was already scrambling for an explanation.  Maybe Steve hadn't really miscarried, maybe he was wrong somehow.  Maybe it wasn't Bucky, it was just... just a guy who looked like him, a HYDRA trick...
Steve remembered the day like yesterday. Bucky brought them home and Steve was delighted. He drew them all day and all night. And then Bucky brought home a girl and Steve sat out on the fire escape in the muggy summer air to avoid listening to them. He'd accidentally fallen asleep and when the sun went down he'd started to shiver. Bucky had been furious when he'd found him and dragged him inside.... Steve had had a cold for weeks after that.
Tony checked the bedroom, immediately concluded Steve wasn't there, and then checked the studio.  He should have checked there first. The room was thick with the smell of him. Tony's neck prickled.
Yes, he remembered, vaguely, someone being angry with him, furious.  In a field of tulips in France.
Tony's rough hands moved delicately over the pictures.  He wasn't sure how to feel about this. Tony's house was decorated with inoffensive, meaningless modern arm.  Shapes and colors. Not people.
"One question," Steve said, opening his eyes again as he walked them back up the beach away from the waves so they could lie down in the sand. There was a flicker of mischief in his gaze. "If you get naked on a beach then surely sand gets in a lot of places it shouldn't," he pointed out, raising a brow as he rolled them over and straddled Tony's waist, rocking his hips back to tease against him.
DeSoto shrugged weakly.  "Lots of people, um, camps, and maybe... maybe people who wanted a house omega... um... maybe... maybe people who... who rent them, you know..."
"But... couldn't I just turn up without a collar on? Would they seriously not let me in?" Steve asked, trying and failing to understand. Pepper sighed.
Tony set his chin on Steve's shoulder, kissing his neck.  "Amazing," he mumbled hoarsely.  Steve's body was broad and warm and solid beneath him.  Better than any mattress.
"Sometimes it is," Barb disagreed gently. "And no one else is doing it. No one of us would be here without you, Captain. Even if we only save a handful of children out of this, it would be worth it. But we're going to save hundreds of them from that camp tomorrow. And all because you cared enough to do something about it. So," she placed a hand on his arm. "Thank you."
He followed Steve out onto the street.  The area they found themselves in was not really a tourist area and because of the cold mist that was falling, no one was out.  The street was silent. The address Fury had given them was a warehouse, and the warehouse stood dark and silent on the street. There were a few lights but nothing to indicate anything illicit going on inside.
Fortunately Tony was mostly ambidextrous and it had been a clean, simple fracture.  Plus, this gave him an excuse not to shake hands for at least two or three months, which was nice.
Fortunately, the baby wasn't invited to Tony's annual New Year's Eve party.  That, as usual, was a media-covered event with many mature elites from the industry.  Tony and Steve kissed at midnight and saw their picture in the news the next day, the two of them covered in confetti, their eyes closed in passion.
Peter had been friendly but had clearly been holding something back, Steve thought. Steve was unsure what was going on, unsure if they would ever find out...but he knew Fury always had something up his sleeve. Joey was more than friendly; he'd essentially jumped on Steve and shook his hand for over a minute.
Tony grabbed a dishrag and wiped his hands, but it didn't do much good.  "Yeah, SNL's the funny one.  Or at least, it
"Oh." Steve's face fell a little before he could stop himself. Aria offered a weak smile. They both knew why Tony was sick. "So... what happens now?" He rubbed at the nape of his neck awkwardly.
Steve delivered Tony’s smoothies wordlessly that afternoon, while the man was working on something in his shop.  Tony didn’t say thank you.
A shield smacked into his face, breaking his jaw and more than a few teeth. The man yowled in pain and stumbled back. His colleague reacted immediately, pulling out his gun, but hands soon slipped around him from the back. One sharp press into his spine and he was on the floor with a whimper.
Steve reappeared from the kitchen just as the omegas were getting ready to 'storm' the Alphas' den. It was a bizarre tradition, almost cute, Steve thought, if he could ignore everything else. They were tugging on waistcoats, gathering up purses, and downing drinks. Hal tugged on his arm.
If he was being logical, yes, Tony knew this was his hormones going wild, completely out of control, but of course, he wasn't being logical, not at all; Steve's smell was intoxicating and he practically felt high and he was already hard and rubbing himself against Steve's leg, basking in the feelings of the new bond.
Tony's body shuddered and he rocked his hips, letting Steve's tight, wet entrance milk him.  He moaned into Steve's neck at the sensation; there was nothing else quite like it, the tightness with with Steve's body clenched his knot.  This was something no beta woman could do, tease the knot like this... Tony felt like Steve's body was begging for his seed, trying to tease it out of him, and he was in ecstasy as he thrust, hard and deep and sharp, into his omega, feeling the tug-back every time he tried to pull too far out, the desperation of Steve's body to keep him.  He loved being knotted; the first time (it felt like forever ago) he'd panicked. Now he liked feeling that he and Steve were stuck together.
It had been less than a year since the fight at Stark Expo with Justin, which had resulted in civilian casualties, and less than a year since Tony's disastrous birthday party.  Both instances highlighted the danger and power of Tony's "toys," and since then, nearly everything Tony had done had demonstrated, at least to the general public, that he was unstable and unpredictable.
But the fact remained that Tony had trouble keeping up with Steve's heats.  A five-day, continuous fuckfest was something that was a bit much, even for him.
Lola snorted into her drink, already quite drunk. Hal frowned. Abby stared down into her wine glass awkwardly.
"It's been great to meet you Captain. I'm only sorry it wasn't in better circumstances," she said and offered him a kind smile. Steve smiled back.
The only thing he knew how to do was follow orders, and now his objectives had disappeared and his order-giver was gone.
, that I agreed to it.  I presented a hypothetical scenario over the phone.  Like you said, I never consented.  Right?  I never..."
"I don't know, Barton.  Life changes when you have kids.  I mean, obviously, we don't know..." said Tony.  Clint was silent, not quite willing to trust Tony yet with what Steve already knew.  "...I just feel like I'd suck at it," said Tony.
"You gonna drink anything or just sit there eating the peanuts?" asked the bartender as Bucky stared up at the television, idly munching from a bowl of nuts on the bar.
Steve was rudely woken by a glass of water being tipped over his head and he was about to get annoyed but then,
Tony pulled Steve to him happily, basking in the warmth of the bath and Steve's solid frame against his.
He was excited to go back, terribly so. It would be nice to see England when he wasn't in the middle of a goddamn breakdown. That, and he loved spending time with Peggy. She grounded him. She was both the connection to his past and his future. He loved her and he knew that she loved him back, but it wasn't a romantic sort of love. It was old and precious and it meant loyalty and trust. It was an unspoken connection. She
the one who coded you."  Tony examined the sketch Steve held out to him, reaching to to brush the page softly with his fingertips.  He knew how much Steve treasured his art.
JARVIS was pleasantly reciting his usual morning monologue.  "The date is Thursday, March third, and the current temperature is fifty-four--"
"Thank you, Tony, but we're actually trying to coordinate Steve's meeting with one of the members of the World Security Council, not choose a song for Steve to sing."
"Sort of-- no," admitted Trickshot grouchily.  Then, with a touch of pride, he added, "I got shot.  In the back."
"...the thing that we both find concerning, Steve, is that you don't have a very supportive environment here, but don't seem to be seeking out any alternative support networks.  You have a lot of resources at your disposal. There's us, and we know you're close to Sam Wilson, who's heavily involved in the VA..." said Dr. Brazinski.
Steve could have kissed the stupid program.  "Yeah!  ...yeah.  Read the report out loud to him.  Tony, this is what I wrote after two weeks of observation--"
Steve hadn't done much aside from sit in his cell. He couldn't pace, not with the ankle and the immobility combined with the entrapment was driving him insane. He wasn't surprised when Bucky came to see him but he was surprised that Karpov came to supervise. Of course, Steve wasn't stupid. He knew that there were cameras watching him constantly. Still, they were letting him lose on the Winter Soldier and his supposed 'programming'.
"Excuse me a moment," he said to Natasha, giving Steve's hand a loving pat.  He slipped out of the room, closing the door behind him.
People often spoke about Captain America like he was simply hero. It was easy to forget he was a soldier. A soldier who'd hurt people, who'd
, he wrote, then paused, thinking, trying to flush out the idea that was just on the tip of his brain.
," whispered Tony.  He was glad they were speaking French, because admitting these things was embarrassing.  He hated talking about his sexual history.  In fact, he hadn't bothered to do so in about a decade.  He left it up to Pepper to screen his one-night stands to make sure they were legal and clean.  She had initially refused to do so until Tony had caught the clap twice in one year, and then begrudgingly begun to do so, all which muttering that none of this had been in her job description.  "
"C'mon... sit down, we'll talk this over when you're less freaked out..." said Tony.  He led Steve over to the couch and sat him down.
Natasha pulled back and cupped his cheek briefly. "It's good to see you too. Come on, Clint's inside."
"What?  No.  I mean... I get it.  I understand the need to... want to get even.  ...they'll get what's coming to them eventually, Stevie.  Just not as soon as we like.  Let's just... focus on SHIELD, okay?"
. His hands fisted in the sheets again and his eyes screwed shut. His eyes were watering again for entirely different reasons. The pain got worse as Gleason drew the excess liquid out of the wound and Steve let out a strangled sound.
Actually, if Steve had been a normal man, Tony's embrace would have been something very different.  Instinct had taken over and Tony had every intention of knocking him to the ground and standing protectively over him, growling at anyone who came near.  But Steve wasn't someone who could easily be pushed over so instead Tony's arms went around him and they looked like they were sharing a moment.  Tony's lips went to Steve's ear.  "
him.  He didn't even know his own name, but he knew that smell, that familiar smell he'd known since childhood.  That was his omega, and his best friend, better even than Colonel Karpov, and he smelled scared and he wanted to go to him, reassure him that everything was under control, he'd completed his objective and everything was just fine.
"Suppressants aren't all bad if you don't take too many.  They prevent heats, pregnancy... personally I don't want to deal with that shit," interjected a man suddenly, shouldering into their group.
Tony blinked.  He looked up at Steve.  Steve's soft blue eyes were looking at him, his brow knitted in concern.
"The base we're infiltrating is an old school-" Steve sent Sam a look when he looked like he wasn't going to laugh at the use 'old-school'. "-style laboratory. It doesn't run on the grid or with any sort of automated system, so we'll have to dismantle the security systems manually.  But the good thing about that is that it'll be easier for us.  There's three different power sources, generators, in the forest that surrounds the base; if we cut the power sources, we'll be able to cause a blackout.  Super easy."
Tony and Steve dozed through a couple of movies before Tony took him off to wash him.  He massaged his scalp, his shoulders, feeling the tension drain out of his muscles. Tony had never cared for another person before and found he liked the way the omega's head lolled into his hands, the appreciative little noises Steve made as Tony dripped warm water down his back.
