"Gwen?", his voice came out of the speakers next to the control-panell. It sounded unsure and quiet, so different than just a second ago.
"I don't remember a lot from when you came in until I passed out. Just- just that I thought that I was going to die, and...", Peter slowly started and by now he had lowered his eyes, not daring to look Wade in the eyes.
Peter tried to snap out of it, tried to think of something else. But all he could think of was Keipon, forcing his head under water until he passed out. He tried and tried, until...
The agents sat Peter down on the chair. They had changed him into blue scrub-like clothes, he was barefoot. Tony thought about someone stripping Peter against his will and he wanted to puke. But that wasn't  it. They had put Peter into a straitjacket and put a collar on him. Tony recognized the technology, it neutralized Peter's powers.
"About everything.", Tony nodded before finally looking Steve in the eyes. He still seemed lost but there was a new found determination in there. "I need to get myself together and start taking care of him.", he nodded, getting up and stepping towards Steve. He gently placed his hand on the back of Steve's neck and Steve wrapped his around Tony's waist.
"And then I healed! It's part of my mutation, you see! I can't die! Or I can but I always come back.", Wade insisted and Peter slowly, very slowly, started to calm down.
At first Peter thought (or hoped) that he was just unconscious. Then he stepped closer and saw the countless bullet holes everywhere in his red and black suit. One was right in the centre of his forehead. Peter searched for a heartbeat, a breath, something. When he didn't find it he broke down, fell to his knees beside Wade's body, not caring that his pants got stained with blood.
"And until then?", Peter asked and there was something in his tone and in the way he worked his jaw, he seemed defiant, almost challenging. Or like he was preparing himself for something.
Then they played some Mario Kart, which Peter was very bad at, until around 11 pm when Peter noticed that Wade was so tired that he was seconds away from falling asleep on Peter's shoulder. Wade was tired a lot these days and he wouldn't tell Peter why. Maybe it was his job, maybe something else, Peter didn't know and that weighed heavy on him.
"Are you suddenly trusting me or what? 'Cause that would be hella rushed relationship development.", Wade then asked and Peter looked up at him.
But also, my vacation is over and I'm back at work. So I don't know how often I'll be able to update. It depends entirely on how busy the bookstore I work at is. When there isn't a lot of customers I have tons of time to write but that's not always given, so updates might get a bit irregular. I'll still try to update once a week, though.
That's essentially all they'd be doing. Deleting Peter's association with the words so that they couldn't be used to activate him anymore. He'd be himself and there would be no way to switch him. But the old fashioned conditioning HYDRA put him through they'd have to battle on their own, once Peter was done. "Peter is holding up amazingly. He's a real trooper.", Lorenz finished, a smile plastered on her face.
Bucky thought about it for a moment. He had been largely convinced that Peter's suicide attempt had been because of the effects of the withdrawal but he still didn't want to risk Peter being by himself. Better safe than sorry and all that. But he had to admit that Peter was doing pretty well lately and that he deserved this.
"Where is Gwen?", Peter asked, forcing himself to calm down. He could feel Tony's presence behind him, backing him up.
"He wants to see you. ", Tony announced an hour or so after he went to the roof to talk to Peter. Wade had been dozing off on the couch. Ever since he had started spending his nights with Death again he just couldn't seem to get enough sleep. A small sacrifice in the eyes of never seeing Peter again.
She let out a heavy sigh and crossed her arms over her chest as if Wade was being really difficult right now.  "Wade, he's dead. You know that that's final.", she stated.
His voice was distant but the agony was the same as Wade's. He couldn't comfort Tony though, couldn't see past his own grief. Wade just sat and stared as Tony wailed in agony.
Wade couldn't even begin to initiate anything without an endless loop playing in his mind, while his boxes taunted him. It was Peter, on the brink of a panic attack because he dared to ask for space, again and again.
"Do you think that I trust you to not hide away somewhere where we won't be able to find you? Because I don't. ", Fury attested and Wade's heart sank...more than it had already.
"Wade got it for me after he saved me. I was just in scrubs and he figured I should get some real clothes.", Peter shrugged, not willing to aknowledge how much it really ment to him.
"See! That's you! Standing next to your dad, mister billionaire genius himself. Officially you're dead, have been for about 10 years, obviously you're not but nobody knows that yet."
"Or a big one!", Peter laughed but Wade noticed tears streaming down his face. Still he continued to laugh until it eventually died down and he only stared at Wade with the faintest shadow of a smile painted on his lips.
"Don't be. My parents were pretty shit from what I remember, which isn't a lot. And Karen is good people, she takes care of us.", MJ waved him off.
"Then let him see her.", Steve ordered in his authoritative Captain-voice. Romanoff held his glare for a moment, the two seemed to lead a silent conversation. Peter wasn't willing to wait, though.
"Yeah, you want to share a room for now?", Tony asked and Peter gave Gwen a questioning look. She nodded ever so slightly, keeping her eyes downcast. It was strange how bold she was when it came to protecting him but how meek concerning everything else.
It was Keipon's touch, all over his skin, leaving burn marks. It was liquid fire, igniting his veins. It was looking into a mirror and seeing a cadaverous corpse with no hands and no mouth and 8 eyes. It was Gwen, ripped apart, all blood and broken bones, punching into his chest until she could grab his heart and crush it.
"Those are just words. Just because you say something doesn't promise that you mean it.", Peter had said, thinking that Wade couldn't hear him, unaware that Wade still had his head leaned against his door.
"But you do.", Bucky finished. "It's okay. You have every right to be mad at us." They all knew that it was a very real possibility that Peter would resent them after what happened. It hurt, but Bucky wouldn't tell Peter that he was wrong for feeling this way.
"Fuck off.", Peter said but it lacked the bite, his voice cracked. They didn't even need to kill him, Peter was pretty sure that he might just die from terror.
"I don't think there is anything about Tony and me that is alike. ", he mumbled and Steve tensed up.
"Good.", Wade nodded. He could feel the tiredness creep into his limbs, making them heavy. "That's all for now, I'll go back to his room and crash in the chair, I promised to stay with him.", he then excused himself to return to Peter.
"I'm sorry... it won't happen again...", he suddenly whimpered and Wade knew that Peter wasn't talking to him, that in his mind Peter wasn't even here.
"Yeah! I mean, I don't know you all that well personally but I googled you. You're a fucking hero, saved the world multiple times. Everybody loves you. Sounds like a good person to me. "
"Please...", he whispered and it sounded like he was begging. When Tony didn't say anything right away Peter's focus shifted. His eyes found Bucky's "Please?", he asked again, his eyes full of desperation.
"I know, trust me, I know. Take your time. ", he nodded. They took their time and only returned once Gwen was feeling ready.
Peter paced around the room he woke up in frantically, replaying everything he said over and over again. "... put a muzzle on me, wouldn't be the first time." Why did he say that? Why did he think that just because he wasn't at HYDRA anymore, he could just say and do what he wanted. His eyes shot towards the door every few seconds, waiting for Rogers or Stark or even Wade to bust in and correct his behavior. A shiver ran down his spine.
Wade had never heard someone talk as casually about death as himself. The thing is, Wade's immortal, dying was literally as manageable as a flu to him, if not more. Peter didn't have that power, at least as far as Wade could tell. "You're not dying today, or anytime soon, not on my watch.", Wade sighed and Peter raised an eyebrow before shrugging slightly.
They landed on Bucky and stayed there. His gaze quickly turned into a glare, he was wordlessly staring Bucky down.
"Bullshit. Everybody does. And yours is even alive and doesn't seem to be a complete shitshow. Hurray!"
"You'll be okay. Most of it has healed already. You heal fast, don't you?" Still no reply. Bucky wasn't sure, if he was rushing it but he preferred to be clear right out the gate. "Look, kid. I'd appreciate it, if you told me, if you're on the run. Are people searching for you? Is... is HYDRA searching for you?"
Peter didn't react at all. He was like a statue, just looking into Wade's eyes, directly now. "How did this happen?", he then asked.
Wade chuckled at that. "Yeah, but Janna can't be bothered with realism so consider me a young prodigy. I'm the Mozart of killing people." That reply didn't clear anything up for Peter but he also felt like he wouldn't get a satisfying explanation, even if he asked so he dropped it.
"Mr Parker?", she asked with a tilt of her head and Bucky returned her smile. Peter couldn't really bring up the energy to do the same but he tried to look less dead inside and more neutral.
"Peter?", Bucky called out, stepping into the bedroom. Peter, pretending that he hadn't listened to the whole conversation, didn't react, like he was too deep in thought. "Peter.", Bucky repeated, his tone careful.
"Are we getting handsome for our date?", he asked with a grin and Peter regretted asking immediately. He'd never hear the end of this.
In fact he didn't say anything, instead he just laid down on the couch and opened his mouth wide when instructed, his eyes staring at the ceiling. Bruce got to work while Wade thought '
The chapter is short and I'm not super happy about how it turned out but it brought me back into the story so I hope that you enjoy it!
Even now, when he was sitting in the back of Tony's car, Gwen tucked against his side, her arms wrapped around him, her head resting on his shoulder, it felt unreal.  He couldn't stop staring at her, he felt like if he diverted his eyes, she'd dissolve into thin air.
In the dream he had no body, no name, no voice or thoughts. He wasn't anything but he still existed. Around him everything was dark, he floated in a sea of black and nothing had any meaning except for the voice, the only real tangible thing.
"I told you that I had a fast metabolism.", Peter shrugged continuing to stuff his face with food even though it tasted like ashes. Not to say that Wade couldn't cook, he was quite decent. The problem was that everything tasted like nothing. That was the other change Peter had noticed. His super fast metabolism that normally left him hungry all the time... well, it was still there but his hunger wasn't. Peter didn't have an appetite in about 3 months. He still ate because he was expected to but he didn't need or want it anymore. He hadn't told anyone about that either because that was even more abnormal than the disinterest in his own wellbeing and Peter just didn't want to be a problem, not when things were sort of okay right now.
Bucky cut him off right there, before Peter could continue trash-talking himself. "I knew that you could speak, you talk in your sleep."
They just stood like this for several minutes, just clinging to each other like their lives depended on it. It hit Wade in that moment that he'd never seen Peter so fearlessly vulnerable with someone. Sure, Peter had broken down in front of him in the past, but it had always brought a load of shame for him. There was none of that now and Wade realized that that was because Peter trusted Gwent unconditionally, completely, something that no one else, including Wade, had achieved yet.
They were back to square one but this time there was the added trouble of years of unfathomable trauma.
"Unfortunate is one way you could call it.", Wade remarked. "I'd pick 'absolutely horrifyingly torturous'."
"Oh screw you! I'm not losing another person, you can lay down and weep while I solve this issue. ", he spat before his eyes fell onto the gun that Gwen had used before. It was obvious what he had to do. This plan had failed in the past but he had to try, anyways. Peter was dead but Wade had to try to bargain for his life. He grabbed the gun and put it to his head.  "Good night, fuckers. ", he said and before anyone could stop him he pulled the trigger.
"Yeah, okay. " As promised Wade only opened the door wide enough to hand Peter a stack of clothes before closing it again. Underwear, sweatpants, a t-shirt, a hoodie and fuzzy socks. Peter put the underwear, sweats and shirt on. Wade would probably want to replace the bandages and he preferred to be barefoot so he took the rest of the clothes under his arm before stepping out.
He could vaguely remember most of the Avengers from his research and the times Tony and Steve talked about them. Steve's friend Sam, the archer Clint, the witch called Wanda and a guy called Vision who was more magical android than man. They were curious but considered enough which Peter appreciated. Some, Pepper and Rhodey, he recognized because Tony talked about them a lot. Bruce he had met before and then there was Natasha. Peter didn't resent her as much as he was scared of her. Of what she might do if she wasn't pleased with him. Peter was scared that she'd make him go back. That's why he wasn't supposed to meet her in the first place. She still found a way to see him.
Peter stopped shaking before carefully lowering his arms. "You're not mad?", he asked, so terribly unsure of himself, his eyes bloodshot.
Tony let out a sigh. He had expected this sort of thing. Peter was really complicated when it came to opening up, so suggesting therapy was tricky. "They are a professional, Peter. They are trained to help you with your...", Steve's voice trailed off and Peter raised an eyebrow.
. You need to let me do this. I attacked you, I ran away, I hid. That wasn't fair and it's okay for you to think that way. Don't treat me like a raw egg just because you feel sorry for me." They were speechless once more. Tony wasn't sure how to interpret this. "So, yeah. I'm sorry, for everything. The way I reacted wasn't your fault, it's a me-problem.", Peter added with a shrug.
"What am I supposed to say? It seemed like a good idea at the time, you know, with all the deaths.", Tony snarled. He was getting agitated and Bucky wasn't the only one to notice. Steve moved over to Tony, placing his hands on his shoulders, trying to ease his tension.
Bucky wasn't sure how exactly this happened. One moment he was driving home after a visit to the compound upstate. The next he saw someone laying on the side of the street.
It was silent between them for a while, all their words hanging in the air, suffocating them. Natasha couldn't crack, she knew why, because of this. "I think you should go.",Tony then said and his voice broke. Natasha stared at him, then at Steve who had his eyes downcast. She was baffled and at the same time not surprised at all. After all, they were three remarkably different people, but especially when it came to secrets.
"None of that was your fault, though. I told you that, didn't I? I told you that I didn't blame you. ", He argued and when Gwen looked at him again she looked devastated and Peter knew that it was because of him. It was heartbreaking.
There was something thick at the back of his throat, maybe his rotten insides had turned liquid. When he coughed it up, it splattered all over his face and when Peter reached for it, his fingers came away red. Blood.
They went back to the Avengers Tower because it was closest and empty. The other's were back at the facility upstate and while they told them that Peter was safe, they also enjoyed the time alone.
"If you don't forget about me, old man.", Harley said with a grin before ending the call. The workshop was silent as Tony spun around in his chair, his head laid back lazily. Something like guilt and a tiny bit of jealousy bubbled up in Peter. The guilt was familiar, Peter could deal with it. It was the jealousy that he wasn't prepared to handle. Peter wasn't used to wanting things, he couldn't afford to do that so he pushed it all away.
"Brothers? Aren't you a bit old to be my brother?", Peter asked. He didn't smile or laugh but Bucky was sure that there was a hint of amusement in his voice. Maybe he just wanted it to be there.
Fragments. Nothing more. Who was speaking? About what? Unimportant. Peter had blood under his nails. Or at least he used to. It was gone now. Somebody washed him, washed the blood away. It was still there. It would always be there. Everywhere, under his nails, coating his skin, tainting his soul. He'd rub his skin raw and it would still be there.
Bucky wouldn't pretend that Wade was wrong, his first thought was to storm SHIELD, too. But Bucky couldn't afford to be so impulsive anymore. "You think that you can just take him? It's a death-mission.", Steve argued and Wade rolled with his eyes.
"Of course it makes a difference. But you'll get it in time.", Wade commented and Peter shrugged slightly.
Deadpool noticed it right away and pulled the boy closer to him before whispering something into his ear. Fake-Peter didn't seem to calm down one bit but he still nodded shakily before looking over at Steve.
"Sort of hard to buy that right now.", he stated and Peter rolled with his eyes as if Bucky was being unreasonable. As if Peter hadn't tried to kill himself only a few hours ago.
"I'm not suicidal right now, don't worry. I didn't really mean to do it back then either. I was...on drugs...and... I don't know things just didn't feel manageable. I'm doing better now, I promise.", he quickly explained. It was as close to the truth as he could get.
"If you don't like what I'm saying, put a muzzle on me.", he spat as he pushed his chair back and got up. "Wouldn't be the first time...", he mumbled under his breath as he made his way to the door. "I'll be in the room until you need me!", he yelled before slamming the door behind him.
"Three dozen HYDRA agents positioned all around the terrain. But I'm sensing a flock of them around the centre of the main building.", FRIDAY replied. Wade couldn't wait to get down there. Killing HYDRA goons was a hobby of his in general but today it wasn't about his enjoyment.
It took him an eternity to actually focus on his hair, Bucky did a good job of matching Peter's imagination. He didn't necessarily like it but he thought that that had to do with him and not the hair.
"I'm sorry for what I did to you,  I'm sorry that I can't face you right now. I need to do this by myself but I will always love you. I'm counting the days until we will be reunited."
"I'll beg him on my knees to give me my son back.", there was no trace of humor in his voice but Wade still wasn't satisfied.
Tony pulled a face before replying:"Yes, but I am recognizing that it isn't actually harmful to you and that it's better than your other coping mechanisms so go on."
"You're bold, I can see why Wade likes you.", she said and it looked like she was smiling,  though it was hard to tell, since she didn't have any lips.
Tony leapt from his chair and saw Peter freeze, his eyes locked on the ground before quickly glancing at Tony. There was real, honest to God horror in his eyes and next thing Tony knew was that Peter let himself fall to his knees, not caring that some of the shards cut into his legs.
"Pretty good all things considered. I mean, it's rough, everyday is a new battle but I'm sure you know that yourself. ", Natasha sighed. She looked tired but happy. Tony was sure that they both did. There was a very unique sort of pain but also joy that came with taking care of a kid.
"You're not safe by yours-", Tony started again but his voice broke off when Peter focused his big terrified eyes on him.
Maybe the fact that he was so decent made it actually worse. Peter was used to people that didn't care, humiliation didn't faze him as much anymore. HYDRA had stripped everything else from him so it wasn't exactly a big loss and he knew that there was no point in fighting it. That didn't mean that he wanted anyone else to see him like this, it didn't mean that he could stand to have Wade see him like this.
"There's so many things that make sense now.", MJ mumbled as she watched Peter dig into his food. She was probably thinking back to their date and the ungodly amount of food he ordered.
Tony was furious and heartbroken, distraught and confused. What had they done to his boy to make him into this broken man?
"Since when are we getting clingy, kid?", Tony smirked but there was such fondness in his tone, it made something in Peter ache.
. Why was he explaining this. Bucky himself had no fucking clue about romantic love, how was he supposed to explain it to Peter?
Peter didn't say anything after that, for a while it was just silence but it wasn't necessarily uncomfortable. Then Peter looked up again, his eyes meeting Steve and all of a sudden they didn't seem all that unsettling anymore, it's like Peter opened a door that was locked before. "I don't think I have ever thanked you.", he said and Steve raised his eyebrows.
None of that had happened. Peter had woken up and he had been himself, at least that's what it seemed like. That observation hadn't had the calming effect that Tony had hoped for. Because that ment that whatever had changed about Peter, it wasn't obvious, which in turn ment that if anything bad happened because of this, they might not see it coming.
Peter was mumbling something to which the larger man replied quietly:"I talked to Death, she said you were gone." There was so much heartbreak in his voice that Tony was stunned for a second. Sure, he was aware that Wade cared for Peter, he wouldn't be here otherwise. But he hadn't realized the whole extent of it yet.
Peter rolled with his eyes but still cracked a smile. A beat of silence followed and Peter glanced away. His smile faded but only a fraction, the amusement made way for something softer.
"Okay, it's all good, you're all good, you're amazing...", Tony whispered over and over again. His son was safe, alive and in his arms. His baby.
"No... nevermind. I'll figure it out. Is that all?", he asked, sounding exhausted. Pepper bit down on her lip for a moment before straightening up a little bit.
They left the grand canyon after a few days and moved on. Peter didn't ask where to, he trusted Bucky to pick something that he'd like.
Peter wanted to be comforted, to trust and love and rely on someone but he couldn't. His ability to do so died with Gwen.
"No, stop. Stop making fun of it, if it bothers you you need to talk to him. I haven't had a relationship thus far but movies taught me that communication is everything. ", she argued and of course Peter knew they she was right, he had seen movies, he knew how this was supposed to work. He was supposed to open up or else a bunch of misunderstandings would drive a wedge between Wade and him. That was easier said than done, though.
Suddenly his voice was crystal clear, almost too sharp for Peter, too loud, it hurt his ears. "Hey, listen. Listen! You'll be fine. I've never met Irondad personally but I was about 15 when you disappeared, I remember how the whole shit went down. Your dad pretty much disappeared off the face of the earth with ya. For months he was just gone! I mean, I'm no parent but I love speaking on behalf of people so I'll say that I'm like 87 % sure that he was devastated. He'll be so happy to have you back, you're his golden boy, his special creation-"
"Wait, is this a date?", Bucky then asked, maybe he was just being stupid and Peter was completely aware of what he was getting into, though Bucky doubted it.
The dread was still there. He'd be on his own. The idea of relying on Wade disgusted Peter so much that he didn't even consider it. Wade had done enough for him already. Even if he offered to let Peter stay with him, he couldn't imagine that Wade was serious about that.
To his surprise Tony started to laugh, softly but it seemed genuine. Peter wasn't sure if he had ever heard him laugh before. "God no. If you turn out to be nothing like me at all, I'd be fine with that. There aren't a whole lot of great traits that you could inherit from me.", he then replied and Peter expected anything but that. What was even more surprising was that it there was no trace of bitterness in his voice. He said it like a fact, which was definitely worse.
"Do you still want to die?", she asked, sounding so goddamn sad, it hurt. Peter hated causing her more pain.
"Yeah, the two important lessons of life, how to kill the mood and how to kill. Period.", he returned.
"Vulnerable.", Tony corrected him. "One of us is staying. You can choose who you'd rather have around you but it's not up for debate." Wade hadn't seen Tony like this in days, determined, taking charge, it was a good look on him.
"Hypothetically! I know I'm paranoid but I can hardly change that on the spot. Come on, humor me. ", he pleaded and he could see Wade consider his words until he finally caved in.
When he stepped in there wasn't much out of the ordinary, at first. Kid was on the bed, dressed in one of Bucky's sweatshirts. Kid wasn't short or anything but compared to Bucky he was tiny. The sweater was almost like a dress on him.
Peter could remind them that he was deeply dissociating at the time and didn't have much of a will to live. But he thought that that might put a damper on the otherwise positive mood.
He feared that maybe the boy was already asleep, but he was met with the same intense state as before. He set the food down on the nightstand. The boy only touched it once he returned to his chair. It seemed to be neutral territory.
"Maybe don't hold the cigarette into the picture.", he mused while Peter tried to calm his stupid mind. For some reason his brain had this knee jerk reaction to expect pain and humiliation in connection with cameras. Another lovely present from HYDRA.
It started to feel more real, that their journey would eventually end. Peter didn't like thinking about it. He hoped that they still had a little time left. The feeling of dread couldn't be stopped, though.
Peter didn't quite react right away, maybe he was in shock. His eyes traced his reflection slowly. The protruding ribs, the sharp shoulders and collarbones, the almost translucent skin that stretched across them. There was something wrong with it, though. Aside from how obviously disgusting it was. Even though his chest and stomach were practically hollow, they were still, somehow, covered with a thin layer of wiry muscle.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry-", Peter only repeated and Wade got the feeling that the boy wasn't really there anymore.  Maybe he was having a flashback, maybe he didn't even hear Wade's words.
"Peter-?", he called out as he pulled himself up onto the roof. Peter sat on the other side of the roof, his feet dangling off the edge. He didn't look distressed but Wade couldn't be sure.
Instead Peter's expression shifted, just a tiny bit, Wade probably wouldn't have noticed it if he hadn't watched Peter so closely. He just suddenly looked... less curious and more sad.
As if the universe decided that it would hear Peter out for once, a familiar voice suddenly spoke up. "You look like you're having a crisis."
"I'm hopeful, it might take a long time but everyone has to die one day. We'll see him again. ", Vanessa said and she just sounded so sure of herself that it was easy to believe her.
. "Peter... what are you doing?", Wade asked and his voice cracked. Peter didn't hear it, he could barely hear Wade's voice over the sound of his own racing heart.
"Uhh... I have a couple conditions but otherwise, yeah, you can go. ", Bucky finally nodded and a small smile spread on Peter's face.
"Rogers, I'm concerned for the safety of civilians. If that sets back one man's recovery for a bit, I can stomach that. "
"The only reason you had any right to contain Peter was because of a file documenting that he's dangerous.", Tony pointed out and Wade could already see where Tony was going with this. He just wished that it would work.
Gwen looked frustrated and guilty and Peter didn't know what to do with that. She let out a heavy sigh and sat down on the couch next to them and Peter followed.
"We looked you up. We won't let just anyone interact with my son.", Tony said with a shrug and Wade's eyebrows shot up.
"I tried talking to him, he just wants to pretend that everything is fine, so I'll just do the same.", He explained before letting out a heavy sigh, hiding his face in his hands. "I gotta stop being so sensitive.", He mumbled more to himself than MJ.
The stranger was male, not quite as tall as Peter but definitely older. His clothes were old and ripped and he stank. His voice sounded frantic and crazed and the gun was shaking in his hands. "I said put the money in the bag!", he yelled, turning around to point the gun back at Karen who had a duffle in her hands that she was filling with all the cash they had on hand.
So they let Peter have his space. Until it was three hours later and they still hadn't heard anything from him. By then Wade's inner voices had worn him down so much that he couldn't hold himself back any longer. He made sure that the others didn't see when he walked up to Peter's bedroom door. He knocked first, he'd never just barge in on him. When he didn't get a reply he knocked again and called out Peter's name. Still, nothing.  Maybe Peter was just ignoring him but Wade had a feeling. A feeling that screamed
"Shut the fuck up!", Wade hissed, he was already stressed enough without his boxes chiming in. To his dismay Peter flinched at his words, going completely still.
"Why not? Won't he give it to you?", Natasha asked and Steve straightened up a bit, his jaw tense. Maybe he could guess where she was going with this.
"Fuck, sorry... I'll clean it up, it's okay, that'll only take a second...", Peter whispered breathlessly, a quiver to his voice that sent shivers down Tony's spine.
No matter what it was that connected the two, Bucky was just glad that Peter made a friend and seemed to enjoy himself, when he was around her. She made him laugh and vice versa and Bucky figured that that was something special for both of them.
Steve seemed to notice the defensive edge Tony's voice had taken on because he sounded much gentler when he spoke again. "No but I think that just telling yourself that you screwed up beyond repair is easier than having to keep up hope that he'll come back and that you'll have to work this out."
, Wade didn't want anything more than to stay and pretend. That's why he stopped killing himself for her, he knew that he couldn't stay, no matter how tempting.
Gwen looked down for a moment, she chewed on her lip, before returning her focus to the camera. "Something is wrong with me. I'm messed up and I'm dangerous and you- You could've died. I know you don't trust Natasha but she's helping me. Trust in my judgement of her."
"Open the door!",He yelled, staring straight ahead at where he knew they stood. The fire was back, his eyes were red and puffy but he was fucking determined.
While Wade was cooking Peter pretended to read an online article while (not at all) subtly watching Wade, as always.
Tony looked anything but. His father looked like he hadn't slept at all, hair disheveled, face burried in his hands. "Yeah, yeah...", he sighed before looking up again. "I know, just...try to give us as much time as possible. I don't think that he's ready to deal with anyone else. Hell, he isn't even ready to deal with us, not to mention Fury."
The door to the room was slammed open and Ironman and his team piled into the room. "Peter-?!", Tony yelled before freezing, his eyes on where Wade and Gwen were hunched over Peter's lifeless body.
With that he left and even though Peter was glad that he was gone, that he didn't have to hold back the uncontrollable sobs that tore through his chest only seconds later, he also ached for something, anything, anyone.
"No, just us.", he replied. A little smirk pulled at the corners of Peter's lips and he glanced over at Wade.
"Wow, wow, wow. I'll stop you right there baby boy, before you get even more stressed. Neither of us is dead and you ain't losing your mind. Not more than you did already, anyways.", Wade quickly jumped in but Peter only scrambled away from him, not caring the he spread more and more blood on his clothes and hands.
He sat up. The room was spinning and he needed a second to focus. He needed to be numb again. Everything was burning and he just wanted to be cold. The bed was empty, except for him, was he at SHIELD? It looked like his room at home but it was dark, he couldn't be sure. He wasn't alone. Peter was never alone. He couldn't be trusted by himself. Wade was there, watching him. This was good. Wade wouldn't let him mess up too bad. He wouldn't be too mad at him for messing up.
"Yeah, you're a bitch.", Peter nodded. He hadn't forgotten about the time she lied to Wade about Peter's death. He didn't trust her.
Peter had lost time, how much, he couldn't tell. All he knew was that Natasha came in and then everything blurred and he lost control. Now he wasn't sitting in a chair anymore, he was on the ground. He looked up and Bucky's face was hovering above his. A second later Peter realized that Bucky was holding him down and after two seconds Peter knew why. The familiar sting on his arm, the damp feeling on the tips of his fingers, Peter didn't need to look at his wrist to know what he did. "I'm sorry...", he whispered but he wasn't quite himself. Not yet. Somewhere in his mind he was still with Keipon, he was holding him. The gentleness of the gesture didn't change the fact that it was torture.
They'd stay in DC for the week. Steve still had an apartment there that he hadn't used in years. It wasn't really big enough for the four of them but none of them complained. They left their things there before heading for the SHIELD headquarters.
Death watched him like a hawk before slowly taking a step closer, then another one, until she pressed her body against his and wrapped her arms around his neck. She was so cold.
"And finally, you, Wade, I'm sorry-", Peter whispered, his smile didn't fade but he looked sad, he looked heartbroken.
"God... what would I do without you.", Tony smiled lightly before they heard someone clear their throat.
"I stick to all surfaces.", Peter replied, not even bothering to look down at Wade again. Wade was just considering if he should try to jump anyways when Peter shot one of his webs at Wade's hand. "Come on, I'll pull you up.", he stated, no trace of emotion in his voice.
Wade woke up by himself and for a second his heart seized when he saw Peter's empty bed. His first thought was:" He's gone. Again."
Tony glared at Steve for a while, unwilling to admit that that's exactly what he was doing, even if it wasn't deliberate. In the end he chose to be snappy instead of introspective. "Are you and Carson conspiring against me?", he asked, not quite able to hide the bitterness in his tone.
Tony and Steve spun around at the sound of his voice. They looked pretty much the same as always, maybe a bit tired but that could be attributed to the time of day...or night. It was sort of eerie being here at this time. They were pretty much by themselves except for the security guards that were stationed everywhere.
" Definitely. Now take your clothes off, I want to see your beautiful body.", not-Peter ordered and Wade obeyed. That was rule two. He wasn't allowed to say no, he wasn't allowed to struggle, what Death wanted Death got or she'd snap with her fingers and Peter would drop dead. So Wade didn't resist, it wasn't worth the risk.
Bucky wasn't used to this, he wasn't used to Steve being the one who was calling him on the verge of tears. Ever since Bucky was saved he was the one who was the emotional wreck. The one that needed to be calmed down and consoled. Steve was always there for him but Bucky never quite felt like Steve needed him. Even when they were young Steve was this determined, unwavering spitfire, he never broke down, until now.
But Peter didn't leave much time to contemplate. He started to pace, avoiding Wade's eyes, ruffling through his messed up, greasy hair nervously. "And I know it's fucking
The text in combination with the photo was so fucking surreal that Wade had to check twice to make sure that he wasn't hallucinating.
"Yeah. Sorry.", Wade said, chuckling nervously before letting himself fall next to Peter. There was still several inches between them but considering everything, they were still pretty close. Wade started up at the ceiling, trying to calm his thoughts, the voices in his mind. For a moment he thought that that was it, that he'd never see Peter again. To have him here, right beside him, Wade still couldn't quite believe it. He wanted to reach out, touch Peter, make sure that he was real and not just a mirage. He didn't dare, though. Not without Peter's consent. Peter turned around until he laid on his stomach, propped up on his elbows, his face hovering over Wade's and Wade almost choked on his breath.
"You most definitely will. In fact once your finished we could go out, stop by at his place?", Peter suggested.
Bucky offered him books, movies, music. Anything to entertain him (and to see if there was a person in there.) Sometimes it felt like there wasn't anyone to safe. Like Kid was an empty shell. The lights were on but nobody's home. Sometimes Bucky wondered if there was even a point or if Kid was just following orders.
"Withdrawal? Like alcohol withdrawal?", Tony asked, his worry clear on his face. Tony Stark probably knew a thing or two about that. The man had been publicly sober for years.
"That's all very admirable of you and it would be great if we weren't talking about HYDRA here. Who knows what they've done with him.", she returned calmly and now Steve was the one to argue with her.
"Don't look at me-", he rasped out before an awful sob escaped him, wet and ugly. God, he wanted to dissolve on the spot. "Don't-please- Get out- please?!", he hated himself. Couldn't stand his own begging, couldn't even try to look at Wade's face. He didn't want his horror or disgust, couldn't even handle his own.
"It's because I love you.", there they were, the words just slipped out and Tony knew that they were true. He never stopped loving his son, never would. Peter only rolled with his eyes, looking out the window again.
Their relationship still hadn't recovered from Natasha's betrayal last year but it was slowly on the mend. Tony could tell that Natasha genuinely cared for Gwen and that was a good start.
Tony wouldn't pretend that he was thrilled, hearing his son talk about himself like a weapon, not a person. It was gut-wrenching, but he knew how much Peter struggled to ask for anything. And Tony would do everything to keep his son around so he agreed. "Yes, we can do that,
There was just something about hearing that from MJ, someone that didn't owe Peter anything, that just hit different. It didn't suddenly make him believe in her words but it struck a chord in Peter and Peter was incredibly thankful for her.
They stayed in the canyon for a few days, camping, hiking for as long as Peter's dwindling energy allowed. It helped, being out here with no other people, outside the entire time, free to move around and talk as much or as little as he liked. It was nothing like SHIELD or HYDRA and the difference helped. Bucky left Peter as much freedom as he could muster. He let him sleep for however long he wanted, he spoke to Peter when he was up to it and didn't expect him to answer on the days that speaking was too much of a chore. He didn't ask Peter if he was using the notebook or the phone and he didn't mention Tony or the others unless Peter did. He also let him smoke his cigarettes when Peter asked for it. "Better that your other types of stress relief.", he mumbled and it's not like they were actually harmful to Peter. Peter was as free as he could be considering the circumstances and he was thankful for that.
Peter narrowed his eyes at him, cocking his head to one side. "It was heavily implied.", he pointed out but made a point to try to smirk, or at least signal to Bucky in some way that he wasn't overly upset about his words.
When they were back in New York it already seemed bad enough but at least Peter seemed to function somewhat. Tony wouldn't want to admit it but he later figured that it had something to do with Wade. Once they left for Malibu Peter turned into a shell. It was heartwrenching. Tony thought it was bad when Peter screamed and lashed out but the apathy was so much worse.
Peter gave him a pained expression that Wade read as discomfort. "I- you said you'd stay with me until I'm okay. And I'm okay. Really. It's fine. ", Peter then said and Wade barely heard him over the sound of his boxes cackling in his head.
"Staying here means giving up, staying here means game over.  I just want him to have a second shot. Just one more shot. ", he explained and he didn't bother to hide how desperate he was.
"Okay, just sit there and smoke and look beautiful yet unbothered.", MJ smirked before getting to work on her canvas.
"Of course...", Peter smirked but it came of bitter. "I'm the weak link, I snitched on myself.", , he spoke more to himself than Wade, maybe that's why his words made absolutely no sense to him.
"Wade Wilson but my enemies call me Deadpool.", he replied and Peter just looked out the window again.
Wade looked from the unconscious boy up to his father who stared at his child with wide, teary eyes. This definitely wouldn't be a walk in the park.
Peter led her to the room he had been staying at. It looked the same way it always did, sort of impersonal. "This is my room.", he commented as he closed the door.
"You don't really believe that, do you?! The last few weeks have been baby step after baby step followed by huge setbacks. What you're doing right now is eradicating every tiny bit of trust and safety we managed to establish. You're catapulting us back to square one. Maybe even worse." Steve hadn't said a lot until now. Only sitting next to Tony in silent support. Now the dam broke and Steve Rogers was fucking furious.
It took him several seconds but finally Peter dared to look up, locking eyes with Wade. They were blood shot and half hooded. "I don't believe you...", Peter choked out before his body slumped against Wade's. He passed out, again.
The scratching had stopped, at least when he was awake, that didn't mean that Peter didn't find other ways to relief stress. Tony noticed it all the time. He pulled at his hair, dug his nails into his palms, grinded his teeth. Peter wasn't quite as explosively destructive as he was only a couple of weeks ago but something else seemed to be happening that Tony couldn't quite define.
Peter didn't believe him, how could he, but he still liked to dwell on it. He let himself believe it for just a second and it felt like seeing Wade smile, it felt like Gwen's arms holding him, it felt like Waffles tasted and the night sky looked and the sun felt on his skin and it felt like peace. Peter let himself feel it, just for second. And even when he shut the windows and locked the door, he still kept a little something in a jar in his heart, for bad times. Or worse ones.
He changed diapers and fed him, he sat awake at night,  not because he was working but because Peter wasn't sleeping, he cared for him when he was sick, taught him how to walk, how to talk, to read and write and build his first robot.
"How dare you?!", he then hissed. It was quite clear what had happened. Spidermom had swiped the file and read it against request. Now there was anger, betrayal, the whole clusterfuck. But what Wade was concerned with was Peter. Peter who wasn't saying anything, or moving, or breathing. He just watched it all unfold with wide eyes.
Wade took a deep breath before setting his eyes on Peter again, like he was preparing himself for something.
Bucky nodded patiently but Peter still didn't look at him so he said:"Yes." That finally got Peter to pick up his own menu and read through it. When the waitress, a small stocky woman in her late 30s with blood red hair and matching lips, came by and asked for their order, Bucky picked a chicken burger with fries and a black coffee before looking to Peter.
"Peter-", Wade repeated, keeping his distance, he had a feeling that getting too close would end badly for both of them. "-I won't hurt you. Okay. I'm not mad. "
Wade turned the words over in his head, again and again. The good and the bad. He knew that Peter probably didn't want him to wither away in a dive bar as he waited for him to be ready. Then again,  he didn't feel like doing anything else, especially not when his boxes had a fun time of trying (succeeding) to convince him that Peter had just tried to be gentle with him, that he actually hated him and would never forgive him or want to see him again.
MJ glared at him for a long moment before getting up from her seat and grabbing Peter's sweater that she then threw at his face.
Right now the Superdads were his point of concern, though. They seemed shaken, and were desperately trying to hide it. Even though they acted all normal Peter seemed to notice it as well.
"Sorry, but I'll only believe that once I see him.", Tony mumbled. Wade didn't say anything. He was uncharacteristically quiet ever since he returned from his chat with Death. At first he seemed empty, now anger seemed to have filled that void. Tony didn't know what Wade's relationship with Death was, he wouldn't try to pretend to understand how he could befriend the literal embodiment of Death. It was too wild. But since Wade found out that he'd been lied to, he was pretty pissed off.
"Yes but last time it was really flashy. It's why I didn't recognize it right away. ", Wade mumbled. With the softest voice he could muster he tried to coax Peter into looking at him.
He saw a button labled distress signal just out of reach. Where would the distress signal lead? Home? Avengers tower? The avengers facility upstate? It didn't matter, Peter had to try it.
"Hey, baby boy, it's Wade. I saved you, remember? You aren't at HYDRA anymore, you're at Avengers tower with your dad. Remember that, Peter?", he gently tilted the boy's head back until Peter looked at him but his eyes were glassy, unseeing. How didn't he notice this sooner?
"Yeah, because they know that Peter would do anything to keep her alive.", Wade added and he couldn't ban the resentment from his tone any longer. He knew that it wasn't her fault, that Gwen was a victim in this, too, but if she did anything to Peter, he'd...
For a moment Wade took a step back and looked at what he was doing here. Did he really want to spend every night with Death, kill himself over and over and let her play with him like her own personal toy. Did he really want to sell himself to her like that?
"How could you sent her there, after everything they put me through, after everything she has been through?!", he asked him and he was trembling with fury.
Wade didn't know what to say to that. He didn't know how to behave at all. "You know, this isn't permanent.", he tried, carefully.
He could feel the other male glance over to him every once in a while but Peter was too captivated by the outside world. The sky that was slowly turning a lilac color as the sun began to set, the nature around them, offering a stark contrast with its orange and yellow tones, sprinkles of green.
Peter tried to brace himself for the halo, there was no bracing himself. He tried to focus on the words the agents around him said. There was no focusing. It was all
"I'm sorry about that. Wasn't your fault, though.", Peter said simply and Wade had to chuckle slightly. "What's so funny?", Peter asked, turning his head slightly.
"Don't be. Messed up is fine. ", MJ replied and to Peter's surprise she sounded absolutely genuine. Sure, she didn't know half the things that were wrong with him, but he had thought that even the few things she did know would scare her away, would make her back off. When she didn't, Peter didn't even know what to do with himself.
"I'll be a good boy...", Peter breathed out, hoping that it was the right thing to say. The man pulled a face, apparently not.
"Come on...whatever it is, I promise I won't be mad.", Peter said and it seemed so easy to Wade. How Peter could just make this promise without having any idea what Wade did, what he thought, how he felt.
Wade almost laughed with his boxes at that. "Fuck no, Spidey. I'm no hero, especially not one like your daddy.", he smirked and Peter actually frowned but he still dropped the topic.
"You put her in a cell?! Do you people never learn? What else did you do to her? Did you get her hooked on your psychopath drugs already? Fried her brain like HYDRA used to?"
"Yeah. She was... she was my everything. She was my best friend, my family, the only thing keeping me alive when I wanted nothing more but to die. She was amazing." It hurt to talk about her but not as much as it would've hurt to pretend that she hadn't been real, that he hadn't loved her. It would've been an injustice. So Peter smiled through the pain and blinked away the tears. "She was amazing and you would've loved her. And she would've loved you and Wade and Bucky and Steve. She would've loved you all. She was...just the best. And I didn't deserve her."
Peter diverted his eyes, looked down at his clenched fists and slowly opened them, as if it was strenuous to do so."Yeah, whatever. "
Confusion morphed to frustration in an instant as Peter struggled to express what he was feeling. He let out a groan before dropping his head and stroking through his hair frantically, pulling slightly at it.
"Come on, It's on me.", he said casually but MJ didn't seem to like that, she turned over to him, eyebrows raised, and not in an amused way.
So Peter got out and made his way over to the entrance of the motel. Once he stepped into the foyer of the motel he froze. Three pairs of eyes landed on him, Karen's, MJ's and a random stranger's who stood with his back turned to Peter, a ski mask pulled over his face and a handgun in his hands, pointing at Karen before turning towards Peter.
"Yeah, Imma speak to Lady Death real quick, make sure that we ain't looking for a ghost.", he explained.
He tried to inspect the damage but he couldn't focus on the pain. It was too much, everything hurt, all of it. Peter wasn't sure if he was actually injured or if his poisonous soul was now finally eating away at his insides. He couldn't tell if his body was damaged but he knew that he was. Too damaged, too twisted,
He could tell that MJ was staring at him. He diverted his eyes, took another drag, tried to not let it get to him too much, whatever 'it' was.
"What?" This time Bucky didn't seem to hide his shock all that well because Peter frowned at him. "Thats what MJ said, it's a date.", he explained.
"Hey baby-boy, word on the street is that you're having a bit of a rough time.", Wade tried to sound as gentle as possible and to his relief a weak smile pulled at the corners of Peter's lips.
"Peter. I'm Peter.", he replied the same time that Bucky called out his name. "I'm coming.", he called over his shoulder before returning his attention to the girl.
Peter watched him for a while before returning his attention to his suitcase. "Okay.", he said, before continuing to pack, and that was that.
He waited for two days. The kid was completely knocked out. Bucky checked on him regularly but there wasn't much else to do.
They had called Peter down for breakfast. He still looked incredibly small and gaunt, his face empty and sickly. His dark hair shimmered with grease by now but Tony didn't dare to mention taking a shower again.
Bucky froze. For a moment he didn't know what he was feeling or what he was supposed to feel. Two very different things. He felt like he should be angry, or disappointed, or defensive. For some reason he was worried. Not for himself. He knew what was in those books, every word a part of him. But it was disturbing. Bucky knew that it was silly, he knew that whatever happened to Kid, he'd been touched by HYDRA's horrors way before finding those books. Still, he didn't want to add to his trauma.
Maybe he was loosing his mind. That was the only logical conclusion there was. That after everything he had been through he was just...damaged beyond repair. Do crazy people know that they are crazy? Do they care. Peter didn't. He knew he should, his concern was purely rational but it was fake, he didn't care, that's why he didn't tell anyone, that's why he didn't do anything about it. He'd rather be insane than in pain.
Bucky's grin melted away into a soft smile and he nodded. "Okay, come on, I'll make you an appointment."
He glanced at Bucky, who he loved or hated but definitely didn't trust. Not the way he had before. Bucky had gotten him out, it was still surreal. The gratitude almost overwrote the betrayal Peter felt. It was a good starting point, though, trying to forgive one person instead of 4. It didn't feel as daunting. Maybe he could do this, rebuild each relationship one brick at a time until things made more sense. Peter hoped that that was even possible.
He sounded on edge, nervous for Bucky's answer. Bucky thought about it. He thought about how much it'd hurt Tony, to see Peter leave once more, how Wade would feel. He thought about the responsibility of taking care of Peter's mental and physical health alone. He thought about all that could go wrong.
Like this one. When he was younger, maybe 11 or 12, this was how things would go: If Peter behaved, if he endured the medical exams without crying, if he mastered the physical tests, if he did well in their version of school, if he remained quiet and complacent, he'd get rewards. A bed, better food, a shower instead of being hosed down, Gwen. More time with her was the best reward.
Wade wanted to scream but the only thing that came out was a whimper. If Peter was dead, that was it. He'd be like Vanessa, out of Wade's reach. He'd never see him again. "Please...stop.", he whimpered.
"Oh darling... I warned you.", she shrugged like she wasn't carving out Wade's heart, again. Her hands snaked around his back and pulled him closer down to her until his face was in her shoulder. There wasn't any point in fighting her. "He told me about you, you know? When he came through here. He asked if he'd ever see you again. Isn't that sweet?"
"Yeah, it really does wonders when you're not tortured and starved every day.", Peter spat, or he tried to. It was considerably harder to sound sharp when he was seconds away from a full blown panic attack.
"And how did we meet?", Bucky asked, trying to change the subject. The smile faded and made way for the blankness. Bucky didn't know what he hated more.
He didn't react though. Normally he couldn't stand it if someone snuck up on him, he didn't care much right now. There was no reason to worry anyways, it was only Steve. "Buck...?", his voice was low and faint, it cracked from being choked earlier.
Bucky seemed to consider his answer for a moment before replying:"He should be fine right now. He's not in pain, he's not afraid, he isn't a danger to himself. And giving him that space right now could help with his... perception of us."
Oh my God, the amount of hits and kudos this story got practically overnight is amazing! Thank you so much!
Wade had tried to understand the intricacies of death for a while now, ever since he discovered his own immortality.
Peter had never witnessed MJ so upset so he had absolutely no idea what to do. Especially since he didn't even know what he did wrong. "Why? Because I'm a bad kisser?", he asked, unable to hide his growing confusion.
"She knows about that?", Bucky wondered, surprised that Peter would share something like that with someone who was barely more than a stranger.
Tony seemed to have caught Wade's eyes because he suddenly heard the tinman's voice yelling in his ear. "No! Go! Go get him! We'll follow as soon as we can!"
Since neither of them had anything better to do they decided to do it the next day, so needless to say, the next morning Peter was pretty fucking nervous. He was surprised that he actually managed to sleep through the night with no major nightterrors.
Okay, so this chapter has two parts and I just wanna say,  it'll be bad. This one is the tamer one of the two but it's still no fun, at least for the characters.
"But you are an asshole for not telling him about it. It's his life, shouldn't he know what the price for it was?", Domino than added but Wade shook his head.
Bucky turned out fine. That was Tony's single saving grace but even that was dwindling. Bucky had agreed to the treatment, Peter hadn't. Tony couldn't imagine how his son was feeling at the moment. He didn't want to but his mind kept spitting out one awful scenario after the other.
"I panic at motel pools, that's what I'm up to. I'm pretty good at it, too. Might make a career out of this.", he replied sarcastically.
"We're crowding him, he's overwhelmed.", Bucky heard himself say. They had to start doing what Peter wanted at some point. Bucky decided that now was the time. "I'll stay with him so that he can calm down.", he added. Peter gave him a look that he couldn't quite read. It might've been something like relief or gratitude.
"We'll let you sleep then. ", Peter said as he got up, his voice a little too sharp, his departure a little too sudden. Wade didn't stop him though. He just led Peter and MJ back to the door as if Peter wasn't clearly upset.
"Nothing easier than that.", Peter said sarcastically before leaning back in his chair and taking a drag of his cigarette.
"I didn't see you do it before, though.", Peter pointed out. He was sure of that. After all, he used to live with Bucky. A smoking habit would've definitely been something he would've noticed, especially because of the smell.
"Peter-?", Wade asked, his voice shaky but Peter had turned his head to one of the agents. "I think we're done here." An agent stepped up and pulled back Peter's chair so that he could get up.
"I'm not HYDRA, I promise, not anymore at least.", Bucky hurried to explain. "You don't remember me, do you?"
Steve's eyes wandered over to Wade who had folded up the bottom of his mask to reveal his mouth to enable him to eat. The skin around his mouth and his jaw was covered in scar tissue. "You can take the mask off if it's more comfortable, by the way.", Steve than suggested and Wade glanced over at him.
"Yeah but I blame myself. ", She confessed, her voice suddenly faint, her eyes glassy. She took a shaky breath and forced the tears down. "I close my eyes and I see you, beat up, choking on your own blood, struggling for every breath, you're dying and it's my fault. "
Gwen looked down at him, still pained, still guilt ridden. She was reluctant but Peter could tell that she was slowly giving in.
"I'm good. Really. I had a nightmare and I didn't want to wake you but I'm good... I'm sorry...", he replied. For once he seemed to be the calm and collected one of the two. Even now that Bucky could see him he still seemed all wired up, he looked Peter over again and again. Peter didn't immediately understand what he was doing until he noticed that Bucky's eyes lingered at his wrists.
. In the bathroom the bright lights startled him, his own image in the mirror was even worse. Pale and sweaty, his eyes dark and void.
fragile to function. So don't see this as me asking you to stay, don't feel obligated to do so. I couldn't live with myself if you did.", Peter was rambling and with every new word something inside Wade came undone.
"Natasha, we told you to leave!", Steve snapped but Tony didn't bother with words. He strode over to her and yanked the file from her hands.
"I know but I promise I just...", he started but then his voice broke off. His eyes darted around the room for a moment until they landed on Bucky again and this time he wasn't quite as closed off as before. "This room is suffocating me, I feel trapped.", he said and it sounded like a confession. A painful one. Still, Bucky was hesitant. Peter was seemingly done with the withdrawal
They were wake-up calls, startling reminders that Kid was human, and that he was terrified and hurt and couldn't express it for whatever reason. It was frustrating and heartbreaking to watch but Bucky had learned patience from a young age. He gave Kid time.
Peter closed the file and glanced over at Wade like he expected him to say something, anything,  remotely helpful. "Why are you telling me this?", Wade asked and Peter looked down at his lap where the file was laying.
"He's doing his best. You know me, taking care of me is a shit job.", Peter finally said, putting on a joking tone, trying he relief some tension. All he wanted was to go in, get his fingers reset and take care of Gwen. They all made their way inside and into the open living space. Peter and Gwen settled on the couch, she still held onto his hand, neither of them were willing to let go of each other for even a second.
Peter flinched violently at the mention of his name and realized that his presence was noticed. He expected anger, disappointment, screaming and braced himself for exactly that. When Tony didn't even make a move towards him, Peter wasn't sure how to react.
Tony gave him a surprised look but wasn't intimidated by his words. "But you don't believe any of that, do you?", he asked instead and Peter gave him a shrug.
"This is BULLSHIT!!!", Steve yelled, suddenly jumping up from his chair. Even Tony seemed surprised by it. "Peter isn't some fucking weapon, he's a person! And he would never hurt anyone on purpose!"
Another tear. The kid whimpered and hid his face. Bucky had an idea what the issue was. "Kid, you can cry. It's okay. No shame in tears." A sob tore through the boy's body, made him tremble, but he cramped up again immediately. Bucky had no plan for how to approach this. He just went with his instinct. "I don't mind. Really. I cry a lot, too." That made the boy look at Bucky again. And while there was still distrust in his eyes, at least he didn't seem as terrified anymore. "After what HYDRA puts you through... it's hard to not cry all the time."
"Like what?", Wade asked. At first Peter didn't reply but then he turned his head and his eyes met Wade's.
"He doesn't need me right now. He needs to work, he needs to find a way to get Peter out. I'd only be in the way and both of us know that.", Steve explained. He sounded exhausted and pained but hopeful. Far more hopeful than Bucky could muster. Typical Steve. "You know that it's only a matter of time until we get him out, right? This isn't hopeless.", Steve then stated and he sounded so fucking sure of himself and Bucky envied him for that. How could he believe that things would eventually work out? Maybe because for Steve, they did out. Bucky was different. He always had to lose something to get something else back.
"You and Wade have a similar taste in music.", Peter mumbled before taking it out and putting it into the CD player of the car. A guitar started to play and Matt Maeson sang the first few lyrics of
Two, he knew him. The second one was what caused his heartbeat to pick up. He knew him, not very well, but they had met before. A long time ago the Winter Soldier taught this boy, how to fight, how to survive, how to kill.
"Yes and no.", he finally said when Wade already suspected that he wouldn't get an answer. Peter dropped his hands and looked at Wade with an exhaustion that couldn't be cured with sleep. "Sometimes I don't notice that I'm doing it. When I'm stressed, which is always-", he dared to
Wade didn't contemplate the questions much longer before deciding to press the big red button that was just too inviting. And you already know what went down after that.
"Okay, this is a pointless, but you're almost up now, come on, we've got some bad guys to kill.", She said instead, getting to her feet and holding out a hand for Wade too.
She had shot him. Gwen had fucking shot him. Peter quickly catalogued the severity of his injuries. One shot in his right thigh, one in his left shoulder, and one in his abdomen, none had hit any vital organs as far as he could tell but the one in his leg seemed to have hit his bone. These might not kill him but there was no way in hell that he'd be able to overpower Gwen now. Not unarmed and on his own and she knew that.
He then let go with his hands and now he was just hanging from his feet, his upside down face turned towards Tony. "You know, there's a reason he calls me Spidey.", the boy then added glancing over at Wade.
"We need to stop the bleeding until you start to heal-", Bucky stated, getting to work immediately. Peter realized too late that Bucky had pulled off his jacket to press it too Peter's wound, revealing his arm to the two women now.
Or maybe he wouldn't be angry, but he wouldn't trust Peter to be away from him. Peter had to stay here, where he could be closely watched and controlled.
"That's only natural.", Tony replied because it was. To be honest, Peter seemed to handle it mach better than Tony had expected. He sort of thought that he'd have to drag Peter out of the SHIELD facility and he really didn't want to do that.
"Fuck,  you pack a punch baby boy...", the stranger smirked, at least it sounded like that, Peter couldn't see his face under the mask. His voice was deep and rough, intimidating. Peter could feel his strength drain out of him, exhaustion taking its place.
"Well, in our defense, the only time we caught you flying a jet was when you crashed it, so that doesn't really reassure us in your abilities. ", Wade pointed out.
" There is a whole lot wrong with all of us. ", Peter shrugged, not seeming to understand where Wade was going with this. Or maybe he just didn't want to see it.
"So, this was all fake? You were their asset the entire time?", Peter asked. He had only thought of this now, but was it possible that Gwen had fooled him? That their reunion, there quiet talks in the middle of the night, her crying, had all been an act? Peter always thought that he knew her, if she tricked him so easily, maybe he didn't.
"That's how I'm feeling right now. I don't know what I need because I don't know what I lack. I don't know what to ask for.", Peter confessed and now Tony was the one to stay silent for a while.
Thing was, he didn't consider Steve as bland or one dimensional but he didn't know him that well either. Thus far Steve had only really been an extension of Peter's father. That might be an unfair assessment but what was Peter supposed to say? He only really managed to build a meaningful connection with one person at a time and it just hadn't been Steve's turn yet.
This brought Peter to finally look up again, eyebrows pulled into a frown. "I'm sorry that you had to hear that."
"That thing where you're taking the easy way out by punishing yourself.", Steve explained as if that was obvious. As if any of this was easy, as if Tony was fucking enjoying himself.
"Nah that seems rude. Like I'm discrediting him. Especially since he's so much better than me.", Peter shook his head.
"For a spy you're a shit liar.", Peter snapped but it wasn't as sharp as he probably intended. He leaned his head against the window again, staring outside once more. Bucky didn't want him to get lost in his head again, didn't want him to drift to the places that Bucky couldn't reach. But he also didn't know what the right thing to say was. He had no idea.
Probably the latter. It filled him with disgust, every time he kissed Peter he saw fake-Peter on top of him, taking him apart until Wade was a shuddering mess.
"Peter's coming home." No 'Hello, how are you?'. He cut right down to it. Wade would've expected him to sound happier, instead he seemed tense.  He soon knew why that was. Tony launched into a short explanation for the reason of Peter's sudden return. When he first heard it Wade thought he'd misunderstood him.
"Not really. It's not like you want to sleep with that bitch, you don't really have a choice. Plus, as far as I know you two didn't have the talk yet so technically you aren't mutually exclusive.", She pointed out as if that wasn't part of Wade's desperate attempts to not be an absolute ass. If he wasn't Peter's boyfriend he couldn't cheat on him.
. Peter didn't want to do this. He really didn't. But he also didn't want to make MJ uncomfortable, and he also didn't want to explain himself, and he definitely didn't want to go back inside where everything was tight and cramped and where he felt trapped.
"You don't have to. I'm okay now, I'll just disappear, go somewhere I can't bother anyone, it'll be safer that way. It'll be better for everyone." Worry bubbled up in Bucky. This was going south real quick.
He was still in the same location. Keipon's lab. No windows, no way to tell what time of day it was or how much time had passed. That wasn't new. Peter wasn't sure if he could even remember the last time he saw the sun.
Somewhere in Brooklyn two Ex-HYDRA-Assets were sitting in a livingroom, eating Chinese takeout while watching a Disney movie when one of them got a very distraught call from his best friend.
When they arrived at the house they all piled out of their cars. Peter felt Gwen freeze beside him, staring up at the gigantic mansion.
"It's-It's Peter. He's downstairs.", Steve said, trying to get it out as quickly as possible. Like ripping off a bandaid. He could watch the horror and disbelief creep into Tony's eyes.
"Oh god, is it you? Is it really you?!", she gasped out separating just ever so slightly to look at Peter's face, cupping it with her hands.
Natasha didn't back away, she stood her ground and held Peter's gaze. "That won't be necessary. She's in good care. ", she said and Peter hoped that she was right.
"That's all of them.", Bucky then announced. It weren't half the questions he wanted to ask but he feared that more would overwhelm him. "Now, let me answer some questions you might have. My name is Bucky Barnes, I used to be one of HYDRA's Assets but I escaped about 3 years ago. You are in my apartment in Brooklyn. You're safe here. I found you by the side of a road, you were pretty banged up. Your right arm was broken, your left leg was fractured in two places and I'm pretty sure your kneecap was shattered, you might've also had some cracked ribs, I couldn't really use an X-ray on you. No idea how you even got to the spot where I found you. Anyways, you're already healing and judging by how things are going you should be fine again in a couple of days. I'd prefer to keep you in bed until your leg is mostly stable again. Would that be okay?"
"That's a loaded question. ", he sighed, letting himself fall back into his bed. Gwen quickly joined him, her head resting on his chest, tucked underneath his chin.
She knew that it was a low blow, bringing up Steve and Tony's biggest fight ever, but once Natasha started to crack it wasn't long before it all burst out. "What's different now. That he's your son?!", she snapped and Tony took a step back, silent. "Seven agents died that day! He almost killed all of us!"
"Have you thought about it before?", Wade asked carefully, resuming his haircut. The answer wasn't really shocking, though it didn't make it any less gut wrenching.
Wade had a sense of responsibility, Peter admired that about him. But surely even Wade had a limit to his kindness and Peter didn't want to challenge that.
Suddenly there was a knock and Peter couldn't restrain himself from flinching. But once he looked towards the source of the knock his panic soothed. It was just Bucky, knocking against the windshield. "I'm out here.", he announced, he was sitting on the hood of the car.
"Will you just drop me off or will you-", he tried to explain but his voice broke off. "-could you- ", he tried again but the shame of it all was eating away at him, it tied around his throat and choked away every word he could've come up with, only leaving hot air. "Fuck!", he yelled out of frustration before burying his face in his hands.
"I mean, it ain't really. Is not like you followed some guru that tried to merk you with koolaid.", Wade argued. "But the brainwashing is similar. ", he then added and Peter rolled with his eyes turning away.
"Don't mention it.", Peter quickly ordered and Wade snapped his mouth shut, pretending to lock his lips with an invisible key that he then threw away.
"I know... I just- we had a pretty good day. And I didn't want to ruin it with my stupid nightmares. I didn't want to disappoint you...", Peter sighed, dropping his head, staring at his bare feet.
Peter wanted to believe her, wanted the relief of knowing that Gwen was safe and taken care off. He couldn't save her if she didn't want to be saved and he had to let her do this on her own if she asked that of him. Still, that didn't mean that he trusted Natasha.
So Steve took over for him. The receptionist called him when they had another fake-Peter on their hands. Steve would take care of the tests and he'd take care of sending them away once the results came back negative. They always did. Tony didn't need to know,  didn't need to suffer more than he already did.
"I love you so much it hurts. I've always loved you. ", he confessed and he didn't care that his voice was shaking a lot, and that his hands were shaking even more. Peter had died in his arms and somehow he got a second chance with him. He couldn't be a coward anymore.
"You have friends?! I can barely make friends and I didn't grow up in a lab!", Wade cut him off and Peter glanced over at him with a soft smile.
Wade didn't follow, didn't intrude on them, he had no right. But he couldn't help but to listen to them. "Hey, I'm here, it's all good, I'm here.", Peter reassured her calmly.
Wade believed in Peter, or at least he thought he did but a part of him knew that he had fallen into the same trap they all had. He had started to treat Peter like this fragile thing, like he was made of glass. Even Peter himself had complained about it.
"Yeah sure, let me talk to this dude I've never met before. We'll call our little group 'Experiments Anonymous'. Or why not go with 'The HYDRA-fucked-me-up Club'. Has a ring to it. Maybe we'll even have shirts. 'HYDRA imprisoned me for years and all I got was this shirt.'", Peter's voice dripped with venom and Wade recognized that he accidentally stirred him into resentment-town again. It's like he was searching for an excuse to lash out.
He was worried about his father and Steve who had returned to their jobs as Avengers and were now called away to earth threatening catastrophes every couple of weeks.
"He stays here. But you can visit him. That's all that I'll grant you. Daily visits. We'll make it quick. Give us 1 week and he'll be home again." Fury didn't sound malicious. Wade still hated his guts. He knew that Tony would take the deal before the other man even said anything. He just knew. Because if running wasn't an option and fighting wasn't either, compliance was the only thing left. That didn't mean that Wade liked it. In fact, he fucking hated it. In his mind he made plans. To break Peter out, to take him away to some place no one would ever find him again, to hide him from this cruel world. But all his plans ended the same way. With Peter shattering under the pressure. He needed to be safe. Wade couldn't give him that.
And just like that he deflated. And no matter how much healthier he looked, in this moment it was evident that Peter was far from better, that he was still haunted, that he would be for a long time, probably forever. And all he wanted was to spare Gwen some of his pain.
"Well, I can't wait to meet the new subject of your interest.", she then said, an amused tone in her voice that Wade didn't like at all.
They sat in silence for a moment. The screen had gone dark, most cars were gone but MJ didn't move to start her car up again. Instead she decided to break the silence.
If you wanna chat or leave some requests for fun, angsty or fluffy one-shots, hit me up on Insta: @dead_cherry_bitch  or Tumblr: dead-cherry-bitch
Now it was Peter's turn to sigh and bury his face in his hands. He didn't know, if he really wanted to talk about this, but he'd already gone this far, so he might as well go the extra mile.
"I'm really thankful for everything you did for me, you saved my life.", Peter continued and Wade could feel his stomach drop.
Bucky normally wouldn't say this not to some stranger, not to someone that wasn't his therapist, but he felt like the kid needed to hear it. "Are you on their side?", he then asked and the boy instantly shook his head.
Wade's eyes grew huge and his jaw dropped. "Did- did you just quote a meme format?! Where did you even learn that?", he asked, completely amazed.
Still, he liked looking at Wade. Even though his skin looked painful, (Peter wondered what it felt like, if it caused him physical discomfort), he had handsome features. A straight nose, a strong jaw and his eyes. Chocolate brown but right now, as the sun set and the last beams reflected perfectly, they looked like gold.
"Uhh... yes, yes I'm good. That's actually what I wanted to talk about. ", he said before looking down at his hands in his lap. Wade only now noticed a few red streaks along the inside of the boys arms but he turned them away from Wade's sight before he could observe them further.
"I will!", Gwen threatened, taking the gun and placing it directly against Peter's forehead now, her finger on the trigger. Peter knew she wouldn't. Not when she was like this, cracking, seconds away from collapsing. HYDRA was wrong. They didn't build the perfect weapon. They couldn't. Because they weren't weapons,  they were people.
Peter was staring at a door, then down at the clock on his phone, then back at the door. Natasha said that she would meet them at 1 pm. It was now 12:55. Peter was counting the seconds.
"He might not be home. I said we'd come later. ", Peter argued as they made their way inside. The stairs to the apartment where inside the bar but Peter visited Wade so often that he was pretty used to Sister Margeret's customers by now and since he 'belonged' to Wade nobody ever bothered him.
Wade was surprised, he didn't have time to think that far yet but it did make sense. "Well, if it's somewhere inside you we can't really do anything about it right now. Your dad will have to take care of that once we get there."
When he noticed that he was actually breathing, he couldn't believe it for a second. But it was undeniable, this person was alive, even though they didn't look like they were supposed to be.
How they stormed the room, how Tony managed to cut the collar off just in time for Peter's healing to kick in, how, for hours, they didn't know if it would be enough, if Peter would make it out.
"Look at you, being all autonomous, making decisions.", Wade commented and it took Peter a moment to understand what he ment. Peter never really just got himself food or planned stuff or anything. He mostly let other people do that for him. Taking control over his life was... frightening in a way that Peter didn't like thinking about. He didn't have that fear when it came to taking care of Gwen.
Natasha's expression was unreadable, she was the perfect spy, Peter knew that if she wanted he'd have no idea what she felt. That's why he was honestly surprised when she dropped her mask. " No. I don't have excuses. I know we did wrong by you. I'm sorry,  we went about this all wrong.", she admitted and she looked and sounded guilty. Truly guilty.
"Hey! Look at me!", Peter ordered and her eyes actually snapped over towards him. "Do you want her to end up like me, or worse?", he asked, completely calm now, matter of fact. God, he was a fucking rollercoaster.
Natasha glared at Tony then at Steve but from the looks of it neither of them where willing to level with her this time around.
They didn't drive for long and didn't speak much either. They were both weirdy quiet and Peter could tell that MJ was just as nervous as him. So they just filled the silence with MJ's spotify playlist that was inexplicably called "
"Get you some food that you can actually keep down, sorry, no waffles anytime soon.", Wade replied and Peter smirked.
The inside of the motel looked familiar but only because all motels sort of did. Old wallpaper, couches with washed out patterns and a big scratched up wooden desk at the reception. A woman stood behind the counter, scrolling through something on her computer. She was tiny, maybe 5 feet, and as wide as she was tall. Her black hair already had strands of grey but her face looked somehow ageless and kind as she smiled at them. Her name tag said Karen Watson.
"I wish I could be this optimistic.", Wade stated and Bucky actually chuckled. It was hollow and humorless but still a chuckle.
"And what? You can? We at least have an idea of what makes him tick. Do you? Is he hiding in a corner of the ceiling? Is he clawing at his arms? Or is he just fucking catatonic? We can help him when he gets like that, can you?!" Tony's patience was all but gone now.
"Oh fuck- What's wrong with him?", he asked breathlessly. He pulled his mask off, for some reason he needed Peter to see him right now.
"She's taking him back to HYDRA.", Bucky said what they all thought, voiced the fear that stood between all of them.
.' Contextually it really made more sense because the gun wasn't pointing at Peter, Gwen was pointing it at her own head, which worried Peter much more.
"Well, someone's hungry, I guess.", she stated awkwardly before quickly making her way back to the counter.
b) He could call an ambulance. That was risky for multiple reasons. On the one side he couldn't know if the boy was on the run from HYDRA. If he contacted any kind of authority they might get wind of this. Especially if they were already searching for him. Bucky also had to think of the safety of the hospital personnel. Maybe the kid wasn't in his right mind, he could lash out. Option b) was anything but ideal so he moved on to the third.
If felt like they sat there for half an eternity or just a few seconds, Wade didn't keep track but eventually Peter's breathing evened out a little and his still unfocused eyes moved to Wade's face. Then, finally:"Wade?" His voice was paper thin and just as fragile, laced with confusion.
Peter and Bucky stayed at the motel for longer than anywhere else, almost a month and Peter was in no rush to leave. For once he wasn't restless, he didn't feel the urge to run off and Bucky did whatever Peter wanted, so they stayed.
It was tempting and for a solid second Wade considered it before quickly throwing that idea into the trash.
"Yeah, that doesn't make this less disturbing.", Wade snapped back, his tone sharper than intended and something lit up in Peter's empty glare.
Deadpool had a feeling that Peter wasn't quite there. That he was dissociating. He automatically reached for him and asked:"Peter, are you there?"
They stayed at that motel longer than either of them expected and it definitely had everything  to do with MJ. Bucky had no idea what it was about this girl that got Peter to come out of his shell but she was really fucking good for him.
"Piss off...", Wade hissed and it was enough to pull Peter out of his reading. The boy frowned at him, his lips pressed into a thin line.
A tilt of his head, a nervous breath. "You're scared to break me." It wasn't a question, or an accusation but Wade nodded anyways. Peter's smile didn't falter. "You won't."
"We're going over to his place now and I'll watch you two together and then I'll tell you if he's full of shit or if you're just being paranoid. ", MJ explained and her tone left no room to argue so Peter didn't.
Wade knew why he did, hell, he sometimes still did the same, but it could be a bit unnerving from time to time. Wade always felt watched, he could tell that Peter was only paying half his attention to whatever they were doing, the other half occupied with observing the room.
"Take me somewhere pretty.", Peter then added and there was something about it that just sounded so fucking sad.
"I don't believe you...", he hissed and Death gave him a pitiful look and it was so much worse because she wore Vanessa's face.
as in, I ripped her apart with my bare hands.", his voice was toneless. A beat of silence. Wade didn't have an issue with violence in of itself but it was weird to imagine Peter as the source. Especially the version he knew.
Now that Tony couldn't focus all his mind on his son anymore, he got back to the things that normally kept him afloat. His work, his relationship, his therapist. He worked on his suits again, got back to being Ironman, though he didn't work with the Avengers. He had retired from the team a couple years back anyways, and if there was a bigger threat he'd still jump in, but for now he didn't feel like dealing with their questions, so he let Steve handle them.
"What movie are you seeing?", Bucky asked when Peter took his suitcase to the bathroom to pick out something to wear.
Tony gave him an understanding look and pushed the pot over to Peter. He took the pot gratefully, taking a big gulp out of it. He had gotten a taste for shitty gas station coffee during their roadtrip but this one actually tasted amazing. "Yeah. Thanks. Do you mind if I smoke?", he asked, feeling the pack in the pocket of his pants. Peter wasn't very concerned about his smoking habits. He only smoked every once in a while and it relaxed him better than other alternatives.
Peter looked better than last night, Steve noticed it right away. He was still sickly looking, incredibly thin and had that unsettling look in his eyes but at least he didn't look like he was about to die any second and the way he was leaning against the door frame with crossed arms indicated way less tension.
"I'm sorry!", Wade gasped out, trying to suppress the wicked snarl of his boxes. Peter's eyes shot up at that, his eyebrows pulling together.
"Peter? As in-", her eyes shot towards Tony and the cold look was nowhere to be seen, replaced by disbelief and wonder, they were even glistening a little. "-your son?"
Tony stared at his son with wide eyes for a few moments, something glistening in them, before rubbing one hand over his face with a sigh. "Peter... don't say that...", he mumbled and Wade saw something flash in the boy's eyes, like he waited for this.
Peter didn't get to reply because Gwen yanked him out of the chair. He tried to fight her, placing a kick to her gut that made her gasp and landing a punch against her jaw that would surely bruise but he was still a little slowed down by his concussion and in the end she overpowered him, throwing him to the ground and aiming her gun at him. How predictabel. Three deafening shots exploded through the silence and Peter didn't bother to keep in his scream.
Peter was fine with that, though. He even requested it. Because, even though his stories were gruesome and violent, the way he got all excited about them was kinda nice and it distracted Peter. Listening was better than talking. Wade's stories were better than Peter's thoughts.
Then he spoke, his voice strong and determined."Imagine her coming back to you, but she isn't quite the same, she's been through some shit, some horrible shit, maybe she's really fucked up, maybe she doesn't even remember you. Would you care?"
Peter decided to not question her behaviour for now. Instead he decided to do the same thing that his family did for him on these days. Take care of her and keep her alive until she snapped out of it.
"Take all the time you need, kid.", Tony smiled and Peter returned it sheepishly before slowly continuing his walk.
"I also got you this.", Bucky said, pointing at the half-wrapped rest of the package. Peter put the IDs down and tore the rest of the paper away to reveal a notebook, bound in red leather.
, Peter was trying. Bucky seemed to understand that and reacted with amusement instead of shock. Or maybe he was just pretending to not be bothered but Peter didn't really care. That's why he had taken Bucky. Him and Wade were the only people that wouldn't be absolutely horrified when Peter joked like this.
They knocked on the door and a couple seconds later it was pulled open by Wade. Peter had told MJ about the scaring that covered Wade's entire skin and he trusted her to not stare but he was still reliefed to see that she didn't even bat an eyelash when Wade faced them with a wide grin. "Petey! You're early!", he pointed out before opening his arms.
all of a sudden. MJ was silent for a moment, her eyes focused at the ground, chewing on her lip, thinking Peter's words over. "I'll admit, I thought that you're pretty fucked up, but now that I know all that, I think you're pretty well adjusted all things considered.", she finally said and Peter could hear the faintest trace of humor in there. It was a relief.
"Bullshit, Tony. You don't do vacations. You're an insane workaholic. I'm convinced that you couldn't even rest, if you were dead."
"Are you mocking me?", he asked, pushing himself up again. His tone was as sharp as a blade. Wade could tell that this would be hell.
The boy in his bed took up his mind like nothing had in a while. Bucky tried to figure out what had happened to him. His injuries didn't look man-made. More like he was run over by a truck half a dozen times.
There it was again. That stupid thought that just popped up all the fucking time, but especially at a time like this, especially laying there by himself, next to a pool staring up at the sky, all alone, when Wade had been with him the last time. Peter missed him and in this moment he suddenly wished to not be quite as alone.
"I can't imagine anyone not liking waffles. They are amazing. You'll love it!", Peter replied once he was sure that she wouldn't say anything. He got two plates out of the cupboard and placed them at the table where Gwen cautiously took a seat. Then he placed a waffle on each plate before returning to the kitchen to get something to drink.
Peter actually managed to sleep without nightmares once he calmed Gwen down and went to bed himself. He was fucking exhausted so it was already noon when he woke up.
This slight difference in presentation wasn't enough to make Steve believe that it could be true, though. That didn't mean that this wasn't suspicious.
"So?", Peter asked, in all seriousness, as if that wasn't an awful thing to say, as if he wasn't breaking Wade's heart.
With Keipon and the guards gone only Peter and Gwen were left. She charged at him, determined, singleminded, focused on the task. Peter couldn't even begin to dodge her, couldn't even duck in time, she once again smashed the handle of her gun against the side of Peter's head. But this time it sent him flying to the ground.
"We need to set some rules." Tony regretted his word choice the moment he saw Peter tense up. Peter had insisted on inviting Wade to have breakfast with them. Tony didn't mind. Wade was the one that got him to leave his room and Tony was incredibly relieved to see that Peter actually looked better. He had a new haircut, bathed and even though his bandaged wrist was concerning, he seemed rested. Tony managed to ignore the envy that crept up deep inside of him. Envy because Wade could help Peter when he couldn't. Tony told himself that he didn't care who Peter drew support from as long as he got it from anyone at all. Even if it wasn't him. At the mention of rules Peter automatically drew his shoulders up to his ears and Wade glared at Tony. "Not rules... suggestions. They aren't set in stone and you won't be punished for not following them. Don't worry.", Tony quickly clarified, desperate to wipe the anxious expression off his son's face.
"Yeah, in case we ever get separated. My number is saved on it.", Bucky explained but Peter had already found his way into the contacts.
MJ let out a heavy sigh, hiding her face in her hands. It was strange to see her so vulnerable."I feel like shit. Like I used you to prove something to myself."
Until it wasn't. From one moment to the next Peter felt wrong. Just all types of wrong. His head was spinning, he was nauseous, everything around him got unfocused.
"There is no imminent threat and I'm currently ignoring my anxiety's calls, so yes, I'm bored. ", Peter went on, already a bit closer to the truth. "You know why I wore a muzzle. Because I was so goddamn annoying.", he then added.
"Sort of? Something came up. ", he replied his voice shaky. All of him was shaky, his whole body was trembling.
But after all your fantastic comments I just remembered how much I loved writing this sory and how much more I had planned for it so I'm raising it from the dead!
"I hope I am." With that she drove off and Steve returned to the mansion. He spend his walk to the kitchen readying himself for what he'd find in there. Peter, having a breakdown, probably.
"I honest to god don't know how it's pronounced", Peter stated and there was something that looked like amusement in his expression, a slight curl of his lip. His eyes were still focused on the contacts, though.
"I'll have the waffle tower.", Peter announced, putting down the menu and looking to the waitress. Her tag said that her name was Grace.
Peter's eyes moved to Natasha. She was watching him but he had trouble reading the expression on her face.
"I think we should leave these two to themselves. ", Tony mumbled and Peter vaguely registered that Natasha and Tony left for the kitchen.
The girl's head whipped around, huge blue eyes focusing on Peter. "Peter?", she whispered, her voice cracking with emotion.
That's what the text said and it was a picture of Peter wearing the clothes Wade had gotten him and Peter was smiling, actually smiling.
These days he read more, mostly Sci-Fi. It had been his favorite back in the 40s and the genre had only gotten wilder since then. Right now he was reading Dune, a classic, apparently.
It was this: Peter who was punished for everything for half his life, brave enough to state his feelings. It was the fear in his eyes but the daring sparkle that mixed with it. It was a promise that neither of them spelled out because it would be too big, too daunting. Peter would try. He would try and he would dare and he would succeed, eventually.
"Yeah, but he hasn't seen you in ten years, he doesn't even remember you.", Deadpool returned and Tony's chest grew tight. " I'm sure that you're great but he doesn't know that yet so I'm staying right here until he feels safe enough for me to leave. And you can try to kick me out, fight me all you want but I promise you, I'll get back up every time and I'll stand my ground. Got it?!"
"Don't worry Pete, as I told you, I know how much fuel a high-metabolism body needs.", Steve reassured him, or at least he tried to.
"Steve, I- I'm so sorry but I need to call you back. I have to take care of something first but I swear, everything will be okay.", he quickly said before hanging up. He felt bad about leaving Steve hanging like this but he had to handle this immediately. When he came back into the livingroom Peter glanced up before seeing Bucky's expression. He had to look pretty shaken because Peter immediately asked if he was okay.
He cocked his head to one side, narrowing his eyes at Wade. "It's okay. I get it.", he then said and Wade already thought that he got lucky. "The agents never showed their faces either. Can't even identify them.", he then shrugged and Wade raised his eyebrows.
"You didn't!",he insisted but he could tell that Gwen wasn't convinced. "You really didn't! I don't know why I flinched."
Peter once explained how it felt to lose time. One moment you're there, the next you weren't, all the lights were out, no one's home.
The thing was, a part of him had lost hope that she'd ever want to see him again. He wasn't sure what he had done, why she had banished him out of her life.
His gut automatically cramped at Wade's request but he didn't admit that. "Can I refuse to answer if I don't want to?", he asked carefully, instead.
Bucky had a question on his mind, he had a lot of them actually and he wasn't sure, if now was the right time to ask.
"I'd rather have you hate me than pretend to feel something you don't. ", Wade replied, his voice laced with bitterness.
"Better than a catatonic mess that's bleeding out on a bathroom floor you mean?", he asked in a teasing tone and his awful words partnered with his apparent amusement actually startled a small laugh out of Wade.
"We didn't sent her away, Peter. She left. She chose this.", Tony finally confessed and something in Peter cracked. Funny, he thought all of him had already been broken.
He kneeled down next to him and cradled his head on instinct, wiping away some of the blood from the countless cuts on the man's face. Then he froze.
. There was no denying that he was trying to hurt them, Wade couldn't blame him for that. They respected his wish and left, except for Steve who promised to call if he needed help.
"That you're dead.", MJ stated bluntly and Peter's heart skipped a beat. Well, so much for keeping his weird ass dreams on the down low.
They'd catch him and take him back. They'd punish him and he'd get strapped to the table again, or worse, the chair. He couldn't go back, he couldn't-he-
"Okay, why are you so agitated right now? If you don't want to see me just say so, no need to get all pissy about it. After all, according to the Tinman you asked for me.", Wade said, pretty irritated by now but it quickly faded when Peter's mask of anger fell, revealing confusion and then something like shame.
Afterlife, everything light and painless and better, yadda yadda, whatever. The typical crap that Wade didn't care for.
"Ask away, Petey-Pie!", Wade winked. He had no idea where this was going but if Peter wanted to talk, he'd listen.
"Look at that, your heart is racing, are you afraid Pete?", he asked, getting so close that Peter could feel his breath on his skin. His eyes were burning, tears threatening to spill, he wanted to curl up and let the world disappear.
"No, not at all. That totally wasn't a concern of mine.", Wade let out a breathless laugh as he crossed the roof to get to Peter.
Peter remembered screaming at Tony while he was still laying in his hospital bed. His whole body ached, he was exhausted from healing, but that didn't stop his rage.
I might've been too drunk to think of actually posting it( which was a good thing,  sober-me had a lot of editing to do, the drunk version of this chapter was a mess) but at least it got me out of my petty-blockade.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to scare-", she started to apologize but Peter couldn't take it. He wasn't scared!
Bucky's eyes shot from Peter to MJ and back to Peter before he nodded slightly. "I'll go back to the room. But we need to talk about this.", he said before turning on his heels and making his way back to the motel.
After returning to the Tower they scattered pretty quickly. Tony was dead on his feet, after the days he spend running on alcohol or adrenaline. Peter and Wade shared a room and Bucky went off to somewhere by himself. Steve didn't mind the alone-time. This wasn't half as bad for him as it was for Tony but he too, appreciated the breather.
Peter still cared about those things. He just didn't care about what happened to him anymore. Not in the way he used to. He didn't know where this newfound apathy came from, only that it had been there since the last HYDRA incident. He maybe should've mentioned it to his family but Peter wasn't exactly bothered by a lack of fear. Not caring was easier, so he kept it to himself.
Peter wasn't thrilled about the prospects of meeting new people but he could see why it was a necessity. Their secret was out, at least partially. The other Avengers knew of his existence and wanted to meet him, Peter would comply. Thankfully they kept it all manageable, no huge groups, they didn't force him to talk and everybody stayed far away from him except for Wade, who he didn't mind.
"The numbness is, but the problem with that was, at least for me, that the drugs only delayed the emotional shock. Once I got off them it felt like going through weeks of horror in hours. It was-", another hitch. "Hellish.", he finished, looking out the window of the car.
"No. What you're saying is that I should be suspicious of my best friend because she's behaving a bit weird! We were raised by fucking Nazis! In case you didn't realize, neither of us are particularly well adjusted people!", Peter snapped at him. And he was angry,
"Then we'll try the Steve Rogers way.", Tony shrugged before his eyes focused on Bucky. "I'll fuck over the whole government to get the person I love back."
He wasn't dealing with that, though. Not now. "Yeah, yeah, I know. I do listen during my daily talks with Bucky. By now I know his whole speech by heart. About how I'm not what they made me and that it isn't my fault and that I can heal. And that Natasha's is only one way to go about it but I can find another one and bla bla blahh.", he said and maybe sounded a bit more flippant than intended.
"I don't know what you're trying to do but you must know that it won't work.", she spat before aiming her gun and pulling the trigger. Peter didn't have the energy to scream, he groaned, pressed his hands to the new wound that was gushing with blood. It was no use.
She went back over to Karen who wrapped her armd around her foster daughter. Peter helped Bucky load their stuff into the trunk of the car before making his way over to the passenger side.
"Just five more minutes, love. I'm almost done here...", Tony automatically returned like this was just another night and Steve called him to bed.
"Your arm-", Karen breathed out, her eyes wide and confused but MJ had already put two and two together.
. This was happening. Peter was leaving. He had no idea what to pack. He had things but they were all provided by Tony, they weren't really his. Peter didn't own anything, not even himself. Bucky seemed to sense that Peter was losing himself in his thoughts because he took a step closer, not enough to threaten but enough for Peter to notice, and said in his gentle voice:"It's gonna be okay."
"I know. It's not a joke. We did the test. It's him. It's him. He's alive.", Steve was breathless, his mouth felt like cotton. He couldn't imagine what went down in Tony's mind. Slowly, the realization sunk in, soon his eyes started to glisten, his lips started to tremble.
"So you chose to let someone experiment on you?", Peter asked and he didn't mean for it to sound so accusatory but he was baffled. Why would he choose to be dissected and tortured, why would he let someone use him as a guinea pig? For what? To get some powers? Peter couldn't comprehend it. He'd give up his powers in a second, if that would undo the years of torture and subsequent damage he endured.
Wade raised his eyebrows and was about to say something else when Tony's eyes suddenly moved past him and widened slightly.
Sometimes Steve forgot that Natasha used to be a child like Peter, at the mercy of monsters, he forgot that she went through this, too. Still, just because it worked for her, it didn't mean that it would work for Peter, too.
"Then get your ass to the SHIELD base if you wanna see him. We're meeting them there at 2 am. ", Tony returned before abruptly ending the phone call.
"I'm- I'm sorry, look, I needed the money but if- if you let me go I won't make any problems!", he pleaded, hiding behind his raised hands.
To his shock Peter chuckled at that. It was a hollow and rattling sound and the smile didn't reach his eyes. "Shit... sorry about that..."
"Just because she hasn't done anything yet, doesn't mean that she isn't dangerous. ", the woman tried to argue.
Once they made it to the bathroom he locked the door. He didn't expect anyone to come in but he wanted Gwen to know that nobody could. She quickly undressed, they never had any inhibitions in front of each other. There was no room for that. But once she had completely undressed she suddenly froze, just staring down at herself.
Fury didn't budge, it wasn't a surprise. "Calm down, Stark! You're being overdramatic. This isn't the first time we're doing this and we have him under control." Wade's blood was boiling.
Wade was a wreck in the mornings, guilt, shame and disgust at the things he did eating away at him. He wouldn't be able to keep it together in front of Peter, he'd break and tell him the truth and fuck everything up for Peter. He couldn't do that to him.
Wade was sitting on the couch next to Peter but with deliberate space between them. He'd been especially twitchy ever since he woke up again. In general Wade felt like Peter was somehow excluding him. It was silly but his boxes made sure to convince him of that. Still, he couldn't help but to feel like Peter was more distant than before, barely talking, deliberately not looking at Wade.
He could've told him, it was tempting to just let it out. But Wade knew how selfish it would be to put his feelings on him, when Peter could barely handle his own mind. Additionally, Wade was also scared that if he ever told him how he felt, Peter would feel obligated to return his feelings in some way. He had a tendecy to do what people wanted, even if it made him really uncomfortable. Wade couldn't put either of them through that.
"Peter...", Tony persisted, his tone far calmer than he felt. "You have a right to chose what happens to yourself. If you don't want anyone to touch you, then nobody will touch you. And whatever else you need, we'll take care of it."
"How did you get your powers anyways? You a mutant?", Wade then asked, pulling Peter out of his thoughts. Great, the topic became immediately less manageable.
"You get this glazed over look in your eyes when your thoughts spiral.", Wade explained and Peter nodded slowly.
"Come here.", he said with a little head tilt before opening his arms. Wade was gentle, careful in the way he approached and hugged Peter, but after a few seconds Peter seemed to melt into his touch, until they both clung to each other desperately. Tony tried to swallow down the envy, the little twinge in his heart he felt at that.
This one's no good, it's icky and I updated the tags from mildly dubious consent to dub con. It isn't explicit at all but there is stuff in here that isn't okay.
"That's okay. I'll prove it to you with time. Just don't resent me for staying.",Wade asked of him and his heart fluttered in his chest when Peter bit his lip and replied:"I couldn't. I missed you, too, by the way."
"Me? Clingy? Get the fuck outta here, old man. I was just worried that you'd bit the dust.", the boy chuckled but it didn't quite reach his eyes.
Peter let out a huff and rolled with his eyes. "What? Like you don't?", he asked and again Wade was stunned. Not that Peter had actually hurt his feelings or anything. And it wasn't a particularly eye opening statement either. Wade was very aware of his own hypocrisy. It was surprising that the words came from Peter. Either he had gained a whole lot of confidence in a really short amount of time or he was really fucking annoyed with how things were going.
The last thing Peter remembered was feeling cold. No, he wasn't cold, he was freezing. And he saw Dr Keipon's face in front of his, then nothing.
Peter pushed that thought aside and tried to imagine Wade's scenario. He'd do almost anything to see Gwen again...
"Peter?", Wade asked surprised. He thought Peter had gone to bed with Gwen hours ago. Peter hadn't paid him much attention since they returned but Wade couldn't fault him for that. He had been pretty wrapped up in Gwen, as he should be.
"Is that all you've got?", Peter asked with a weak grin. It was a small victory but Peter would take it.
"Peter that's not true, we love you-", Tony started. His voice wavered slightly but he still kept it together, he kept the determination in.
Tony stayed silent for a moment, his eyes tracking Peter. The boy tried to seem calm. He schooled his expression to be a neutral mask but his breathing gave him away. Short, shallow gasps for air that felt like it wouldn't come. "I don't know how to do this...", Tony finally admitted and it was worse than Peter imagined. He didn't even try. Was Peter really so much beyond repair that his own father didn't even want to try to correct all the ways in which Peter was messed up? Really, he couldn't blame him. Who would want to put up with him?
He didn't say anything though, didn't move either. He only tracked Wade with careful eyes before he looked ahead. The highway in front of them was empty and you could see miles and miles ahead to where the blue sky clashed with the horizon.
It didn't surprise Bucky, that Peter would think that. It was still upsetting. "No, of course not. Why would you think that?"
"Of course! Can you walk by yourself?", he asked and Peter looked down at himself, his expression uncertain. He got off the bed himself, though. (Only to collaps right away, but still.) Wade caught him before he could fall down completely, putting one of the boys boney arms over his own neck so that he could support him. Peter went rigid for a second but quickly sagged against Wade.
"Look at Petey-Pie, a man of many talents! He can even juggle!", Wade smirked, pushing their shopping cart along.
It was pleasant, that's all that Peter could say about death so far. Being dead was pleasant,  it was easy.
Peter closed the door to the bathroom with shaky hands. Even though Wade told him last night that he wasn't his prisoner, that he wouldn't hurt Peter, and even though he slowly started to believe him, Peter couldn't quite get past his experiences.
"Yeah, I hope it's okay.", Wade said from across the room. Peter wasn't exactly sure what he had expected but it wasn't this. For starters he had assumed that the water would be cold. Slowly, very slowly, he let himself sink into the water until he was sat in it, only his shoulders, arms and head sticking out of the bubbles. It was surprisingly not-awful and with no one near that could drown him, Peter felt almost not-panicked. He wouldn't call it calm, though.
Peter had no clue if he was into MJ. He liked her a lot. He loved spending time with her. He didn't feel like he had to hide all his issues in front of her. Did this mean that he was into her? Peter didn't know. But he was willing to try to find out. It didn't freak him out as much as most things in his life.
Peter slumped back in his chair, looking surprisingly relaxed all things considered. "I don't know. I think I'm not processing it, yet. Like, I'm happy that she's alive but I'm also devastated because she seems so...defeated? And I feel guilty and weird and I don't know... But I don't really want to talk about this right now. "
. He was also glad that Peter's fun fact hadn't actually been depressing, even if Peter didn't smile or laugh when he delivered it. "And you liked it?", Bucky guessed before taking another bite of his burger.
"You enjoying yourself?", Tony asked with a crooked smile and Peter spun around to face him. He had almost forgotten that his father was there.
"Look, you can order whatever you want as long as you eat it. ", he stated calmly. Peter didn't react right away. He was staring at the closed menu, gnawing on his lip. With his metabolism he had to be starving.
"I don't feel like one.", Peter returned, taking a closer look at his ID. "Where did you get the picture?"
"Yeah. Sorry.", Peter sighed before taking another drag of his cigarette, letting his lungs fill with the bitter smoke.
"You said you still text with your lover-boy?", MJ suddenly asked and Peter was very glad about the change of topic.
"I said he doesn't want to see you!", Tony snapped from behind the door to the living room. Then the door was pushed open and there she was. Natasha Romanoff looked exactly like on the pictures online and like Peter remembered her. She was beautiful, but in a deadly way. She'd lure you into thinking you're safe before striking. A perfect weapon. Peter thought of Gwen and his heart seized. Her eyes were wide when she stared at Peter and both Bucky and Wade shifted beside him. They got up, put themselves between Natasha and him. Peter himself was frozen, he didn't move an inch, didn't even put down the book in his hands, instead holding onto it until his knuckles turned white.
Peter didn't remember dying, he also seemingly didn't remember admitting his feelings and now Wade didn't want to spring the topic on him in case Peter wasn't ready yet.
"And that's basically all of it.", Tony finished. He had just given Natasha an hour long jumbled explanation of what had happened.
Peter sat up and scrambled back until his back hit the headboard of the bed. He pulled his legs to his chest, making himself as small as possible, his eyes never left Tony.
"You're right.", Tony's voice sounded unsure but Steve was surprised to get a reply at all. He assumed that he was mostly talking to himself.
Bucky's question was so unexpected that Peter didn't answer right away, he needed a moment to comprehend it. When he still couldn't he asked:"For what?"
"You look like a deer caught in headlights.", Peter then smirked, no, smiled, an actual smile and Wade noticed for the first time that Peter had the tiniest dimples when he smiled.
Peter didn't know what to think of him. He didn't trust him, Peter wasn't sure if he could trust anyone ever, not anymore. But so far Wade hadn't harmed Peter, yet. The emphasis was on 'yet'. Still, he took him outside, bought him food, didn't keep him chained up. Even if this was a last meal kind of thing, one good day before they free him of his misery, Peter appreciated it. He didn't get many good days, if any at all.
His shoulders slumped a little and Peter lowered his head. "I'm sorry.", the boy mumbled, all the edge that had been there seconds earlier, gone.
Peter dared to crack a smile and he was going to reply something until he heard Bucky's panicked voice coming from the entrance of the motel. "Peter?!"
Her eyes drifted to the floor, they were filled with so much guilt and horror and it tore Peter up inside.
"I know that! None of that was his fault but we could've stopped it. If we would've known all about his programming, the code words, we could've prevented that. Secrets kill, Steve." Natasha was desperate, desperate to make them see. " They might've done the same to Peter. This could all be an elaborate plan and he might not even know it."
"But I'm not! That's the issue! I'm  fucking broken and I barely know how to be a person, not to mention, his perfect son!"
"I- I can't- not right now-", he gasped out miserably. It was too much. All of it. Peter wanted to push Tony away, to wipe this look out of his face that made everything in Peter ache for hope, for love, for more.
"I know what you mean.", Bucky nodded and Peter looked over at him, as if he was surprised by that response. "It becomes so much that all you want is for your brain to shut down. I get that."
Wade knew that something was wrong the moment Steve returned to the living room with Peter in tow and he had the feeling that the others noticed as well but weren't as sure of it as he was.
"'m good...", Bucky whispered, making no move to look up. He wasn't, obviously. But there was no reason to point that out. None of them were good. Steve shifted his weight from foot to foot before deciding to join Bucky on the ground. Now they were sitting side by side. "I'm serious, Steve. I'm fine. Shouldn't you be with Tony?", Bucky asked, his voice toneless. Steve let out a sigh but Bucky still didn't look at him.
Luckily, in that moment the door of the bathroom opened again and Wade stepped through. "Ready, set, go, it's bubble bath time.", he announced, his tone chipper but Peter could tell that he was tense, too.
Tony couldn't yet confront everything that he was feeling in that moment. Hope, relief, decade old grief, joy, heartbreak, rage, despair, confusion, love. All of it was filling up his mind until his head felt like it was about to burst. Add that to the wave of guilt, the knowledge that his son had been alive this whole time, going through hell, and there was never even a real search for him, Tony felt like he was being crushed under an avalanche of pain.
"What did you mean?" Peter lowered his eyes for a second and Wade could tell that he was contemplating if bringing it up, whatever it was, was worth it.
"We're not, but she's being co-operative and we need her to get anywhere here. She wants to help.", Steve sighed and Peter narrowed his eyes at him, cocking his head to one side.
"Don't  lie to yourself.", Death hissed and then her lips were on his, Peter's lips, but it was nothing that Wade ever wanted, not like this.
"Yeah. ", he nodded and he took her clothes and carried them in one hand while holding her hand in his other.
When Wade didn't respond a sob escaped the boy, it tore through the silence like a scream. The trembling started again and Peter still held his hands behind his back. "Do you want me to beg for it?", he then snapped but he sounded desperate, terrified.
Wade didn't know many details of what happened to Peter, the boy still didn't give them permission to read the file. But Peter had told him that there had been brainwashing and that they had trained him. That's why he wasn't sure if Peter only made himself responsible for Gwen's death or if he literally killed her. "Literally as in
"Mind if I sit with you?", Tony asked and Peter shrugged but moved over an inch. Tony took that as a
"Sorry to disappoint you, kid.", a male voice answered a single table lamp turned on, revealing Tony Stark, sitting in an arm chair a few feet away from Peter's bed.
He was worried about Bucky who had gone off to some secret mission that Peter wasn't allowed to know about.
It had the opposite effect. MJ's head shot up again and her eyes widened. "It is? Oh god! I'm an asshole!", she exclaimed, running her hands through her hair now.
"Touché.", Peter smirked and they both resumed their path along the water. They fell into a comfortable silence and Peter went back to enjoying his time outside. He couldn't know when he'd be allowed to step outside again and he wasn't foolish enough to assume that this would become a regular occurrence. Peter contemplated, if he should ask or if he should just enjoy his time out. In the end curiosity won, it often did.
"Hey, are you good?", Vanessa asked but her voice sounded wrong too, like it was far away, or like Peter was under water.
Gwen stared at them for a moment, as if she was unsure what to do. "Thank you.", she finally said before starting to take off the scrubs she was wearing. Peter quickly reached out to stop her.
I also just don't like it when people portray these characters as perfect flawless specimen that never make mistakes. That's not how humans work.
"Understandable. But all in all you look better.", Wade commented and to his surprise Peter smirked.
Having MJ around was great. Peter had feared that their dynamic would change now that she knew who he was but it stayed just as natural and effortless as before.
"Yeah, I'm just goofin' you. I know the rules.", Wade sighed. "I have to leave anyways, got some business to attend to.", he then added. Peter was in danger. Wade took out the imminent threats but the boy wasn't safe on his own.
Because even though everything about Peter spelled out danger, pain and uncertainty, said 'don't get attached', 'not again' and 'he has an expiration date' , even though Wade was painfully aware of all of all of that, he was addicted. Addicted to making Peter happy or if he couldn't make him happy then just a bit less miserable. Of having him in his arms and if that was too much, than at least in his life and always in his heart.
"We won't read it unless you're completely fine with it but whatever you could tell us right now that we might need to know would be greatly appreciated."
"Oh, you shouldn't have said that! You know how horrid my taste is, did you learn nothing from the Hawaii shirt?", he grinned excitedly, already scanning the store for options.
And then there was Natasha, born in secret, raised in secret, one big deception and she knew what few people did. How deadly secrets could be. After all, she was one of the deadly ones. James was one, too. And now she feared that Peter was one as well. "You're so naive.", she sighed and that was enough to get Tony sharp again.
"Nah, they went off to college this year. I should've gone too, got my acceptance letter and all. But I decided to take a gap year. Figure out what I want.", she said before laying her head back and staring at the sky. "What about you? Any plans? What are you up to?", she then asked and Peter actually had to smirk at that.
After they arrived at their mansion Peter just stood around staring at nothing until Tony instructed
"You're going home?", MJ asked and Peter focused back on her to calm his racing mind. It just kept on running in circles, again and again.
"You don't know what he's like. It's not about how much he can handle. He can handle a lot. I just don't want to be another problem in his life. ", He tried to explain. He really needed to get these two to meet at some point so that Dom could get to know Peter the way he was.
"And after we kissed she was absolutely sure that she never wanted to kiss a guy ever again", Peter explained with chuckle and Vanessa smirked in response.
Peter's heart dropped. "What-", he choked out. This couldn't be real, he pleaded to god or whoever was listening that this wasn't real.
Tony glance down before reaching out with his arm. He stopped, though and Peter realized that Tony was asking for permission to touch him. He nodded and Tony carefully laid his arm around Peter's shoulder. It didn't feel as suffocating as Peter had imagined. It was actually sort of nice. "You can't blame yourself for what you did to the girl-", Tony started but Peter interrupted him.
"Oh, you're still- ", Peter started but then his voice broke off once his eyes fell on the item in her hand.
"I stopped at a shop along the way. You slept through it. ", Bucky shrugged simply before handing Peter a ham sandwich that Peter immediately sunk his teeth into. He hadn't even noticed how hungry he was. Hadn't they just eaten?
"Oh really? Who are they?", Tony asked, so genuinely excited that Peter was taken aback by it for a moment.
Peter knew that look, knew that feeling. The feeling of looking at yourself and being disgusted. So he wasn't surprised when Gwen started to shake, when she wrapped her arms around herself protectively and started to rock slightly. Peter just wrapped his arms around her and let her cling to him as she sobbed quietly. "Hey, hey... it's okay, you're safe now.", he whispered in her ear.
Tony didn't lose hope, not for a second and that was the first truth he discovered. He couldn't, not now, not when he just got his son back.
HUGE TRIGGER WARNING for self harm in this, not extremely graphic but still quite gory. I marked the spot with this symbol * so you can skip it. Please be careful.
"Yes. I'm afraid hope and fear go hand in hand.", Peter then said and a smile pulled at Wade's lips.
"Whatever." , Peter sighed, pulling a face and for a second Wade feared that Peter was about to budge, drop the topic, retreat back into himself. But no, surprise again, Peter wasn't ready to drop the topic, yet. "That's not what I wanna talk about anyways. I get why you're doing it and I appreciate it, I really do. That's why it's so hard to explain why I need you to stop doing it. The three feet distance you keep, the overcorrected movements, the announcing what you'll do next, the meaningful looks with Tony and Steve, it's all kind of driving me nuts.", he explained, an urgency in his voice that was new and thrilling, because it sounded alive and sharp and much more honest than his usually too calm demeanor.
"No. What's your fucking problem? Why can't you let me have this?! Okay, she hasn't talked about her escape in detail yet. So what? Maybe because she isn't ready yet?"
"As if you'd go to me if I let you inside.", she snapped and they both knew that she was right. They both thought of Vanessa. Wade didn't say anything at that and after a while Death just sighed.
He tried to not compare his father to HYDRA, he really did. Deep down he knew that the two were fundamentally different. But there were certain thought patterns that were hard to suppress.
He looked up at Gwen and her face was pulled into a grimace. It hadn't been before. Why the change? She punched him and he spat blood, she punched him and she looked devastated.
"But also less hope.", Wade pointed out and he wished he could see Peter's face but didn't dare to move.
"Yeah, the Avengers. Your dad is a superhero, saved the world a couple of times, of course we won't mention casualties or property damage, that's not for this fic.", Wade replied, ignoring the boxes.
For Peter it was anything but casual. Then again, what would happen to him if he didn't cooperate? Did he really want to find out? He found that he was still too tired, too exhausted, too shaken by the dream and the pain that came with it. Even the thought of enduring any form of punishment right now filled him with dread so he didn't even try to protest. "She's a friend of mine.",he replied before wrapping his arms tighter around his legs. He didn't want to talk about Gwen, preferred to not even think of her. It made his heart ache with guilt, shame and loss.
. She was bringing him back to Keipon. He couldn't go back, he couldn't. But he also couldn't let Gwen kill herself.
Death, with her whole cyptic nature, had warned Wade that the dead weren't supposed to be alive. That Peter wouldn't be the same. While Tony didn't care for the consequences, he just wanted his son back, he was still worried.
Peter seemed unable to talk about himself like this. "Ask me what I think of something. I can't- I struggle to express what is manageable and it changes all the time but I don't like it when you assume that I'm too fragile to handle anything. So please, just ask me and one day I might be able to tell you by myself."
"Yeah... whatever.", Peter mused. "What about the boy? Harley? You seem close. Is he your replacement child?" Peter regretted asking the second he saw Tony's face fall. This was definitely the wrong thing to say.
"I don't like taking my clothes off in front of people.", he said, trying to find a different excuse.
"That's normal, it'll take a while for it to sink in. You'll soon realize that all this pain you're feeling right now, it's an echo, it will fade. All the agony, all the horrors you went through, they will melt away eventually and you'll be at peace. ", Vanessa explained patiently.
. It shot through his legs up into his spine with every step he took. Maybe he was injured, maybe not. It didn't really matter. Nothing mattered, least of all Peter. He was designed to stay functional, even when damaged.
"Wait, are you panicking?" Peter had trouble differentiating between MJ's voice and the ones in his head.
Peter rolled with his eyes and took a deep drag of it as if he was trying to irritate Tony on purpose. He then released the smoke before saying:"I don't want to hear it." His harsh eyes then turned towards Wade and Wade swore that his glare softened a little. "Hey Wade, I didn't know you'd be here...", he said, sounding less sharp and a bit awkward.
"Because you're practically vibrating.", he pointed out and Peter realized that he was, in fact, trembling.
"Sleep tight.", was all that Peter heard before the darkness overtook him and all the lights went out.
"Of course you do, if you say you don't want to we'll think of something else. ", Tony explained patiently. Peter just raised his eyebrows. He didn't seem upset, just surprised, maybe even pleasantly.
Wade glanced at Tony. The older man had been burning the candle at both ends since his son took off and it showed. Tony was devastated and just as desperate as Wade, but when they looked at each other Wade knew that they thought the same thing. 'How long could he have survived that way?' Peter was injured when he got out of the wreckage, that was indisputable. The amount of blood he lost should've killed him but he had a healing factor. One that
"To proof to your dad that you're alive. He's texting a lot. ", Bucky replied, holding up his phone, his tone apologetic.
He placed it on the table and Peter's eyes focused on the food. Waffles. He was sure that he had eaten it before. He knew that they were good, he just couldn't remember when or where he could've eaten them. Not in HYDRA custody, that's for sure.
"You'd stay with me, or I'd stay with you. I've been at this point, I know the signs, I could stop you, if it gets bad.", he tried and for a second there was a spark in Peter's teary eyes that hadn't been there before.
At first none of them replied because they didn't know how to. Because it didn't really change anything.  Steve was the first one to open his mouth again. "So you're saying that this is temporary." Rogers, always the optimist.
"That's a bullshit excuse especially since Steve asked you how you were.", Wade argued. Peter didn't pull a face and didn't indicate that he cared much for what Wade said.
When he was with Wade he could just enjoy his presence and that's what they did. They enjoyed each others presence. MJ and Wade got along like a house on fire. With MJ's dry sense of humour, Wade's sharp wit and their combined knowledge of pop culture Peter didn't even need to act as a bridge between the two. He could just hang back and let them enjoy their conversation while Peter enjoyed Wade's arm that was wrapped around him and his strong shoulder that Peter leaned on. Things were good.
He didn't say that , didn't even fully admit that to himself yet. Instead he pulled a face and replied:"What do you think?"
Natasha didn't leave the mansion, she didn't plan on letting two of her friends get themselves killed over some stupid sentimentality. This wasn't a fairytale.
"All I'm saying is that it's a safety risk. We know that HYDRA brainwashes people. We can't know if there isn't something-", she proceeded calmly when Tony jumped up from his chair and cut her off.
"I hear voices. Two of them. I call them Yellow and White. I try to ignore them but sometimes-", he shrugged, keeping his eyes trained on the road. Peter didn't say anything but Wade could feel his eyes on him.
His father looked tired, his hair was disheveled and there were dark circles under his eyes. Peter wondered how long he'd been asleep, he could remember eating breakfast, now it was dark again. He really had to stop loosing time like this, it was foolish and reckless.
Their next destination after the Grand Canyon was the Hamilton Pool in Texas and then Caddo Lake further east. It took them several days to reach Yellowstone, but seeing the geysers was worth it.
"Why make your fake backstory depressing, too?", Bucky asked and this time Peter smirked. A sound as twisted and joyless as his smile.
His eyes were wide and frantic  he was trying to catch a breath but as soon as he focused on Wade he calmed down. Wade would've never expected anyone to be calmed by looking at his face. Peter took another shuddering breath before bending forward, burrying his face in his hands.
Bucky opened his mouth to say something, he wasn't sure what, when he heard another pair of footsteps. Steve noticed it as well and they both turned around to see Wade walking towards them. Bucky had only seen the other man in casual clothing but right now he was wearing a black and red supersuit with several weapons strapped to it and two katanas on his back. Wade's expression was determined, his eyes sharp. He wasn't walking towards Steve and Bucky, he was walking towards the elevator door. Bucky could guess why. "Where do you think you're going?", he asked, getting to his feet and blocking Wade's path.
to not be myself. Can you give me that?", Peter then asked and his voice had this blank tone that sent shivers down Bucky's spine. He knew that he hadn't been any better, but it was still disconcerting.
Wade glared at Peter and when that didn't seem like enough he pulled his mask off. "You have no idea how love works, do you?"
The boy turned another page and his smile faded once more. "I don't remember half the things that are written in here. I knew that they wiped me, didn't know how much they really took from me."
I really hope you like this turn of events because there are gonna be a couple Peter and MJ chapters now. Wade won't be completely absent, don't worry. Also, it'll be less Angsty and more...fun? What's that?
"Then maybe don't listen to that lying bitch next time, I don't die easily.", Peter replied and Tony couldn't see his face, it was buried in Wade's shoulder, but he knew that he was smiling and his words startled a breathless laugh out of Wade.
That one hit a little close to home but Peter just gave another apologetic shrug and the alarmed expression on MJ's face softened a fraction. She gathered herself enough to actually explain it to Peter.
"I'd rather not, Cap. I'm sorry but I'm too beautiful for mortal eyes. Also it's bad enough that Petey-Pie told you my real name, what do I even have a secret identity for?", Wade complained and Peter rolled with his eyes.
"You can take one.", Peter said, because he was trying to be better. Bucky seemed pleasantly surprised and he immediately opened the camera of his phone and pointed it towards Peter.
"I didn't mean that it was bothering me, I'm just concerned for you.", Tony sighed. Peter didn't look at him. He didn't want to see the worry.
Peter struck a pose for effect. "It's horrendous, isn't it?", he smirked before crossing the distance between them.
For a while he did whatever was asked of him just for a little bit of light, warmth, something else besides cold terror.
"I'll miss you." It slipped out and for a moment Wade thought that he might've crossed a line. He had no idea where the lines were anymore, what Peter was and wasn't okay with.
It was like someone flipped a switch and suddenly a big chunk of the tension left the boy's body, his shoulders sagged even more, he rested his forehead on his knees, a relieved sigh escaped him.
Tony took a deep breath and waited until Peter looked him in his eyes again. "Peter, I saw her when you were....injured. She was devastated. She doesn't hate you. She's probably scared that you will hate her.", he told him honestly. He hoped that Peter would believe him.
Amazingly, Peter actually seemed to calm down. His trembling got weaker and he stopped gasping for air and started to breathe semi-normally again. Wade continued to repeat his words until he was sure that Peter had completely calmed down, so much so, that he actually fell asleep.
That's how the video ended and Peter knew that Gwen ment it, that she was genuine, it didn't make it hurt any less.
"Sorry, I'm being a dick. I'm... tense... and tired.", he sighed, actually looking at Wade this time, giving him an apologetic smile.
They sat in silence like that for a while, Bucky couldn't tell how long, just looking at each other. Bucky was the first one to buckle, to look back at the road. Thank Tony for his self driving cars, they definitely would've crashed otherwise. "So did you see it yet?", Peter asked, his tone light, conversational. He was trying to make this easier on Bucky. Whatever
Bucky and Steve had cleaned Peter up and cleaned the bathroom of the blood afterwards. They both knew that neither Wade nor Tony were in any condition to do that. They were too close to Peter.
"Peter, are you okay?", Tony asked, pulling Peter out of his own mind and back into the car. He had no idea where he had been the last fifteen minutes but it hadn't been in the present.
That's how Bucky still felt hours after it happened. He was sitting on the floor of the livingroom, staring at the elevator where his fist had left a dent. Everything was quiet, at least it was now. So quiet that Bucky could hear the steps, so still, that he could feel their vibrations through the floor.
Peter couldn't help to pull a face, his shoulders tensing up immediately."I don't love the idea of a stranger near my neck with a pair of scissors. Could... Could you just cut my hair?", he admitted carefully. As always when Peter dared to ask for something there was the moment of crippling anxiety. He just waited for Bucky to turn against him in anger. He never did it, but Peter still waited.
Peter didn't stop. Not until they were only a few inches apart, not until Wade could feel Peter's breath on his face, almost so close that Wade could lean in and-
"What are you doing here?", Peter asked a little breathless. How had he not noticed her when he came out?
He heard a familiar voice yell for him:"Peter, don't make this harder than it has to be!" One of the agents, Peter's throat closed up.
The superdads switched a look before Capsicle explained:"A friend of mine, Bucky Barnes, he was in HYDRA custody for... over 70 years, they changed him. Brainwashing, torture, experiments. The whole nine yards. You could talk to him if you like."
Peter wasn't neutral at all. He was fucking pissed off. "Where are you keeping her?", he asked immediately, his voice ten times sharper than just a minute ago.
But busting him out and running off wouldn't have worked either, not in the long run, a fact that even Steve had been conscious off three years ago when he went through something similar with Bucky.
"I'm not being optimistic. He survived HYDRA for 10 years, even as a child. I think Peter doesn't get enough credit for that. I just believe in him you should try to do the same."
Peter didn't wait until Wade allowed him to eat, he just grabbed the first waffle off the stack and stuffed it in his mouth. He couldn't remember the last time he ate real food, HYDRA usually just forced a tube up his nose and fed him through that.
"I'm having a smoke, that's all. ", Peter explained, showing off the cigarette in his hand. "No suicidal thoughts for now. Besides, I'm pretty sure that this fall wouldn't kill me."
"He doesn't need your coddling, he needs deprogramming, like James. Send him to Wakanda or the SHIELD labs. Anything! Before it's too late!" At the mention of labs Peter flinched but still didn't say anything.
"I'm scheduled to talk to Fury in an hour. He can be reasoned with.", he then replied, his voice strained.
"Right now? I'm taking you out for dinner. Everything's on me! Don't take this the wrong way but you look like you are seconds away from death. ", Wade replied, his tone chipper. Peter didn't look at him, in fact he closed his eyes and for a moment Wade thought that he had passed out again.
It was all so terribly familiar, Bucky still slipped into doing it sometimes. He'd rather endure whatever anyone did, even if it made him uncomfortable, even if it made him sick, than asking them to stop.
Tony stuffed his hands into his pockets before squinting at the horizon for a moment. "Not a fan of New York?", he then asked in a teasing tone.
"I said:' What if I don't want them back.'", Peter repeated like a broken record, still not looking at Wade.
Peter smirked, he didn't see that coming. It was amused and a bit mocking but real. "Reality is different to everyone. How can my reality be wrong or warped if it's based on everything I've experienced. It's just as real as the life I could've had as Tony's son. And therefore my believes are just as grounded in reality as anybody else's.", he argued and Steve could see something he hadn't before, a very small something but it was there. It caused the man to crack a smile. "What are you smiling at?", Peter asked him, a bit wary all of a sudden.
"Yeah baby boy, I'm gonna make waffles for you until you won't be able to even look at one without getting the pukes.", he smirked before glancing back at Peter.
For the most part it worked fine, Peter got better at forcing himself to stay present, he couldn't afford to lose time. Whenever his thoughts got close to anything explosive or threatening, whenever his conscience threatened to tip over into disaster-town, he'd excuse himself and flee to the bathroom, work it out himself. The bathroom became his panic room. After a while he stopped keeping track of how often he curled up on the floor in there, digging his fingers into the tiles instead of digging them into his skin.
"And what do you suggest we do?! Give her back to SHIELD?! Let them scramble her brain some more?!", he spat at Wade.
"I feel like I haven't even really seen you ever since I woke up.", Peter pointed out and Wade knew what he ment. Peter had been pretty preoccupied with Gwen and Wade was preoccupied with keeping himself from asking Peter, if he still remembered that he told Wade that he loved him.
That got Peter to smirk for real. "I guess so.",  he nodded. He watched Bucky take another drag, the embers at the end of his cigarette glowing in the dark. "Can I try it?", he asked and the question was born out of genuine curiosity. Bucky said he smoked when he's stressed. Did it help?
Problem was that somehow these dreams had even more of a hold on him then his usual nightmares. They felt so real that Peter's real life felt like the dream. Sometimes Peter caught himself going about his life and thinking:"This isn't real, this isn't real, you're not here." Because Peter felt like he was still trapped in the black nothingness.
"Yeah. You remember our last date? The boy we talked about? Peter, did he come through here?", he asked urgently and Not-Vanessa raised her eyebrows.
"My point is that I there is no way that she hates you. ", Tony said, trying to reassure Peter but Peter didn't want to hear it. He had no idea what he even wanted. Noting made sense to him anymore.
"Well, you were busy, screaming at Tony and all that. ", Wade smirked before taking a seat next to Peter while still keeping a safe distance.
"Peter...?", Tony asked carefully and this time he stilled, jerking his arms over his head like he expected them to lash out, to attack him. It made Tony's gut twist.
"Peter, we need you to calm down", Steve stated, his tone bold and authoritative. Peter flinched back but his anger seemed unwavering. Wade wasn't sure if it was as easy as making a command.
"I'm literally the only person that can identify her and also show her that she didn't just get herself captured by a bunch of monsters again. Why would you tell me she's here, if I can't even see her?!"
"You're the pastiest boy, I need so much white for your complexion.", MJ remarked, pulling Peter back into the present. "Do you even go outside? You weren't this pale when we last saw each other."
"But who will bring you home then?", Wade asked and he sounded aggressively nonchalant. Sometimes Peter thought that maybe he wasn't crazy. Maybe Wade really was keeping something from him. That was one of those times.
"Of course. You can trust me, you know I'm great with secrets.", she agreed and Tony knew that she was pretending to not notice the irony in that to annoy him.
Wade would help him be numb, he just had to prove that he could be good for him, that Peter was better when he didn't feel."Peter?", Wade asked, unsure. Peter smiled. "Peter are you- How are you feeling?"
"No.",  Peter admitted with a shrug. "But I can pretend. I can be better than before. I can be good for you."
"Don't know, yet.", Peter replied honestly. "A couple of days for sure." Bucky and him hadn't talked about that yet but Peter decided it in that moment.
Steve was pretty damn sure that Fake-Peter was about five seconds away from either completely freaking or passing out.
The statement was exactly the kind of thing people seemed to say when they wanted you to ask for specifics. So Peter asked:"What are your usual motives?"
"Yeah...", Peter sighed, running his hands through his hair and pulling a little at it. He barely felt it. Things weren't supposed to be weird between Gwen and him, they never had been.
HYDRA fucked the kid up good, that much was clear. Wade expected more of a fight, that Peter would try to run or at least not do what Wade told him. But the younger male was like a well trained dog.
Tony Stark jumped up from his spot on the couch the second Wade entered the livingroom. "How is he?", he asked alarmed and something tugged at Wade's heartstrings. It wasn't exactly envy but Wade couldn't help but to wonder how it felt to have parents that actually cared about you.
"Do you really expect me to believe your story?", Peter then asked. His voice was monotone, Wade couldn't see his face, had no idea what he was thinking.
Wade fell into step besides Peter as they were led through countless identical hallways. "How are we doing?", he asked him as Peter continued to stare straight ahead, his expression a guarded mask.
"What do you think why I'm avoiding the boyfriends talk? Being boyfriends would definitely make me a cheater.", He whined before pressing the balls of his hands against his eyes.
Those were the trigger words the woman listed. Bucky nodded along but Steve, Tony and Wade heard them for the first time. Peter had never allowed them to read his file. Wade wondered what the words ment or if they had any meaning at all.
Otherwise he would've probably ripped Black Widow's head of. He was quite close to it, at least a dozen times. Every time she apologized, to be precise. She was sorry for what she did, of course she was. Wade heard a conversation between her and Iron-Dad. He could've sworn that he heard her cry, or maybe Tony was the one who was crying, or maybe it was Wade himself. That had been happening a lot the last couple of days. Like a broken fucking faucet, he was just leaking all over the place.
MJ gave him one of her 'not happy but not bitter'-smiles before crouching down to pick up Peter's phone and keys. "Hopefully.", she said, handing them over, her fingers only barely brushing Peter's skin. To Peter's surprise her touch didn't set him on fire.
to me! I'm not blind Wade, I am inside my own head when I do these things and I know that they're messed up. Who in their right mind would voluntarily have someone like me around?! I'm a fucking timebomb! So please, don't fuck with me. I can take a rejection but I can't tolerated your pity."
