"You're so beautiful," murmured Tony.  There it was again.  His mouth talking without his brain.  Tony abhorred pillow talk and yet here he was, gazing lovingly at Steve's face, kissing him (Tony had never especially like kissing during sex, either; what the hell was wrong with him?) and nuzzling his jaw and nipping him, his arms wrapped around Steve, hands exploring his skin.
Steve was still trembling as he got out of the car. It was like he was drunk or something. No. This felt better. When Aria grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the house he moved easily, despite his size. He was pliant right now; it came with the pre-heat phase. He was rambling about something in French. An old poem that Falsworth taught him. It was something flamboyant about death and war and it was all very meaningful, Steve assured her when Aria said she had no idea what he was on about.
Steve caught Sam watching him mid-sandwich bite. "What? What is it?"
"I won't leave you alone," he reassured Steve, his tone surprisingly sincere.  He shifted a little, settling down to relax; he drifted off before the two of them were unknotted.
He grabbed a glass of water from the bedside and dumped it over Steve's head; Steve shook himself out, sputtering.
"You choose this time," said Pietro.
"He's fine.  He had other stuff to do.  You know Steve, he's very independent," said Tony.  He checked his watch. "If we hurry, we can grab McDonald's breakfast.  I'm never up early enough for that. C'mon, Pep, let's go."
poisoning.  ...are you mad at me, Stan?  Come on, don't be mad, you can make it my birthday present."
It wasn't that Steve wasn't into it; Tony could smell his arousal, could see his half-hardened length.  But there was also an inexplicable sense of reluctance and Tony wasn't sure why.
"My sex ed was severely lacking, yes.  I've been trying to make up for it ever since.  Hence the hundreds of women--"
"Hey. You too."
"Thanks, Stark."
Stark.  That name again. He was starting to realize nothing good ever came out of it.  "Stark" was the man who put his hand on Steve's back and hit on girls at nightclubs and spent too much money.  "Stark" had been one of his targets, an older man, clearly someone evil or else they wouldn't have told him to go get him.  "Stark" was the name on the missiles that had ruined the lives of the twins. And now "Stark" was the person who was coming between him and the blond omega.  He was unclear whether there were four Starks or one Stark but it didn't matter. The name had long since begun to hold very negative connotations for him.
"Yeah, I like the quizzes.  Turns out my spirit color is orange.  I would've guessed red, but whatever."
"It's moving!" pointed out one of the agents from the front seat.
"More for me," said Tony with a shrug.  He walked back out, robe still open, pouring a bottle of vodka directly into a carton of orange juice.  He gave Steve a quick kiss on the side of the head as he wandered out.
"It can't be fun, right? I imagine the Alphas who want someone who looks like Steve Rogers aren't the friendliest."
"Donner's always been a bit shy.  He's very, very obedient, though," said Tom.
"Yeah, no pressure," said Tony, chuckling softly.  He kissed the top of Steve's head.  "By all rights I should be freaking out about this, but, uh... I don't know.  Ever since we mated, I can't... I can't really feel that stuff.  It's weird, right?  Nothing can touch me.  How long do you think this high lasts?  I don't know a damn thing about bonding.  What, one or two weeks?  ...gross. Can you imagine Clint and Natasha when they were all lovey-dovey?"
worth it," Steve corrected himself.  "Meeting you, and being alive to fight today's fights.  Yeah.  It's all been worth it."
Fury nodded. He remembered them.
Tony reached down; on the pavement there was a six-pack of beer.  "Hey, Jorge, you wanna beer?" he called.
Natasha flashed Tony a deadly look over her shoulder before she started up the car. "Black Widow, actually. But I like Nut Cracker.  Coulson, is it too late to change my codename?" she hummed, tone overbearingly innocent as she took them out of the diner’s driveway. "I read your report," she said casually, to Steve.
"It's half Steve's mess," said Tony reasonably.  He opened the fridge to search for yogurt and eggs.
Sappho and I are looking forward to bringing you guys more stony, stucky, A/o shenanigans and thank you again for your support and encouragement.  We unapologetically present you with a graphic rimming scene in this final chapter.  - Apollo
"I don't want to talk right now."
Irshad's expression broke a little. She put a hand on his arm. Her fingernails were painted a deep blue. "I'm so very sorry Captain." She sounded like she meant it, her words heavy, like she knew how he felt. She very well might, Steve realized.
Tony gagged slightly but gulped down Steve's ejaculate, licking away the last drops from his head.
people. Steve had done a lot of things during the forties which made it hard for him to sleep some nights.
Aria clutched her glass. "You want a minute? I can go highjack omega rights for five if you want."
"Yes. Friends. Not the public. I don't owe the public shit," Steve said. "What do you seriously want me to apologies for? Having a breakdown. Sure, that's gonna go down swell. Do I mention the HYDRA mole?  And maybe I should drop in the fact that they pumped me full of drugs and tried to make me have babies too. The public will
"Hey, what's--"  He turned it over.  There was a tag on it, in Pepper's handwriting.
"You went?" Steve was evidently pleased. "That's great. I'm glad. I hope they're nice to you. I'm guessing they recognised you," he said, his smile warm. "I think it will help, and that you should stick with it- even if just for the coffee," he said, voice gentle.
"I just..." Steve stared around and swallowed. "I don't know what to do with myself, Tony. I guess I haven't known for a while."
"Let go of me," Melinda demanded. "Unhand me."
Tony looked thoroughly unconcerned, and the truth was, he wasn't.  Omega rights wasn't an issue on his radar.  He was more worried about Vanko.  He didn't want to add that issue onto Steve's plate, too, so he was worrying out it on his own.  The guy was probably operating alone, right?  So he probably didn't have a lot of resources... what was the worst he could do?  Tony was in America, Vanko was last seen in France.  Nonetheless, their brief phone conversation had scared the hell out of Tony.  Was he missing something?  No... no, he couldn't be, he was a genius.
it's just symbolic and I
"Drunk as a fish," said one of the scientists, shaking her head.  "...I'll whip up an inducer."
but Steve didn't expect him to consider saying
and the smell coming off him was one of sorrow and loss and Tony hurt just breathing it, knowing that every word coming out of his mouth was affecting Steve negatively.
Was this, he wondered, what married life was like?  Before the story had broken in January about Steve's other Alpha, their lives had been charmed.  It had been fun, living with Steve, the two of them seeped in the luxury of Tony's life, best friends and mates, cuddling, fucking, making love, doing nearly everything together.
Welp.  Fortune favored the bold.
The interviewer had agreed to meet him there; when Steve walked in, a dozen people immediately turned and beamed at him.  Steve forced a smile back.
"How do you know him?  You said he was a friend?"
Tony looked down and his heart nearly stopped.  There was a bandage around his chest, stained brown, blooms of blood around the edges, and trailing from it, wires--
-" He gasped again. "Please. Tony. Give it to me."
If Tony didn't want to commit then he shouldn't have mated him. He shouldn't have taken his virginity...Jesus Christ. Steve's heart couldn't take that. He was so fucking foolish, wasn't he? He should have listened to Natasha sooner. That not everyone was like her and Clint...that people were dicks.
sent me tulips.  What if it's HYDRA, messing with me?  Or the Winter Soldier, trying to mess up my head so I'll be an easier target?"
"Oh, hi," mumbled Tony.  "I'll be up in a sec, okay, if you can just put on a pot of coffee, I'm up, I'm up..."  He wasn't sure who was talking to him but he was so used to demanding things from people that he didn't really care.
Steve made sure to sign high up on her chest, keeping a good level of decency. He didn't really appreciate it when Christine decided to stare Tony down. Steve got that people thought they were being supportive, but it was frankly none of their business. They didn't get to judge all of Steve's and Tony's life choices from the outside; a lot was going on that they had no idea about.  And he didn't
When JARVIS announced two minutes, Tony had to admit, he was impressed.  He was clinging to the sheets, shivering; he could feel his knot pulsing.  He was pretty sure denying himself hadn't been worth it.  He was so hard it was painful.  But he had to give credit where credit was due: Steve could indeed hold his breath for a pretty impressive length of time.  ...with nearly seven inches of rock-hard dick shoved down his throat, no less.  He was damned if he was going to cum before the two minute mark, no matter how sensitive he was or how hot this was or how deep Steve took him.
The man on the phone was short, balding, and wore glasses.  He was wearing a white coat with a small, brown spot on the lower right corner that he recognized instantly as dried blood.  He couldn't stop staring at it.  His vision was focused but he had the most terrible, harsh pain behind one of his eyes and his whole mouse felt like it was on fire.
He'd missed this.
"Pep, take a personal day, will you?" said Tony, stretching his right arm behind his back.  It made a pop like knuckles cracking and Pepper winced.
He tilted the bottle up and took a long, deep drink, trying to chase away those painful childhood memories.
inner thoughts) because he felt it would only torture Steve to know he'd been loved all along.  Tony was still convinced that Bucky was dead and Steve was confused about the Winter Soldier. He felt that they should at least stay the fuck away from HYDRA until
"Having your respect counts for a lot, by the way," Steve said quietly just after swallowing a mouthful of pancakes down.
...well, shit.  He'd been expecting a bunch of guys with guns that he could pummel.  Not people with extrasensory abilities.
He had lost himself.  He had been... not him.  His memories, his thoughts... it was all muddled up in dreams of Russian winters and wars fought before he'd even been born.  That was the worst part.  Not the death or pain or any of that stuff.  The loss of
"A lab accident that occurred in 2008?" asked Malick, raising an eyebrow.  Obviously he had done his research. Tony's snarl became more pronounced, his lip lifting, and several people had turning, sensing aggression, clearly interested to see if a fight was about to break out.  "...I don't care, especially. I just wanted to make sure you held up your end of the deal. I'm aware that, tonight, you'll be busy with DeSoto, so I've decided to generously allow you to carry out your service to me this afternoon, starting now, and running until the auction."
contacts, but he still preferred him.  More than half the designer sunglasses scattered all over the house were prescription. Being with Steve, his goatee had lost a lot of its shape because he kept forgetting to shave.  He cleaned up the corners a little, making sure it was even before moving on to his hair.
Tony looked down in alarm as Steve took his hand, then looked up.
"Oh my God. Turn it
," Steve said and within seconds he was up and walking out.
He was nowhere.  They were in a cold, dark, vast place.  All around him was emptiness and he'd never felt this alone in his entire life.  Not after Howard and Maria had died; not after Jarvis and Ana had died; not after Yinsen or Obie had died.  The abyss stretched on forever and the light of the arc reactor didn't hit any ceiling or walls, simply faded away.  He was sitting on a barren rock in space and he was a singular star, glowing silently alone, inconsequential, forgotten.
Pepper rubbed her eyes, confused.  "No... no, not that I'm aware of. I suppose they can get nest possessive, but not really
"Don't let your omega boss you around, Stark," said Eric over Tony's shoulder.
Steve internally sighed as he watched the other walk away.  "What do you want me to do? Cure his alcoholism?"
Tony took his time trimming his beard.  He slid on a pair of rose-tinted sunglasses and loped downstairs, pulling on a wrist watch.  Pepper and Aria were standing impatiently by the door, each gripping a tablet and a couple of folders and binders.  Pepper's Blackberry was chirping with such frequency that a normal person might have thought it was broken. Aria was frowning at Steve, Steve was demolishing a pastry, and it occurred to Tony that they expected better from Steve, at least.  If not for him, they could have left early.
you got a hot Alpha?"
Wanda and Pietro shared a look.
It was well into the afternoon before Judy found Steve.  "Hey, Captain. ...you didn't break for lunch, did you?" she asked, leaning against the wall of the dorm to sip on her bottle of water.  Steve was helping another pair literally turn over mattresses. Every inch of the place was being upheaved and scoured; Brent Walker, the lawyer, had explained to Steve that they needed enough charges that, even if the institutions were found innocent of one or two, they'd be able to get them on the others.  "Steve. Take a break," said Judy, putting a hand on his arm. "All the kids are back at the camp and quite a lot of them have been asking after you." Her mouth suddenly turned up in a tiny half-smile. "Also, your mate... he was just bailed out. The, ah, headmaster is charging him with assault. He seems happy about it."
"...I think omegas should
Aria was grinning ear-to-ear, a look of triumphant delight on her face.
"Perhaps his refusal to let you die was evidence that he cared for you," said JARVIS.
Everyone took a seat and Councilwoman Hawley took out a heavy binder and flipped it open.
"Shut up," said Tony dismissively.  "Nate, was your hernia, by any change, in your groin area?"
That night they were given their own private room. Both Steve and Tony were sore but still insisted on curling up together in one bed, Steve's head tucked under Tony's chin on his chest. The day had been chaos and death and a battle. It felt so strange for it to suddenly be
, crushingly so. The man whined in pain and Steve dragged him down to the floor to punch him in the face. Once. Twice. Three times.
"Suppressants don't work on Steve," butted in Tony.  "...can I ask a question?  About... him?  How's it work?"
"HYDRA."
"Why do I bother..." Sitwell muttered to himself and went to step outside, pulling out a packet of cigarettes despite the fact that he'd 'quit'. The stress of Captain America being temporarily possessed by a HYDRA assassin apparently wasn't doing him any good. It was fair enough really.
"How... how did you guys meet?"
Donner, to Steve's surprise, answered. "It's, er... very loud."
you, Tony. I was miserable with him. And now I know that-"
Pepper and Sitwell were muttering about a first aid kit and and the latter disappeared with it before he returned, dropping it onto the counter by Steve before Sitwell promptly grabbed some kitchen towel and pressed it against the wound.
"There's no one else. Natasha would eat me alive and me and Sam are just friends. Promise," Steve murmured. "And if you hadn't noticed already, I'm terrible at flirting. I don't flirt at all, usually. You're a lot of firsts for me- including sex. Which I will keep stressing. You're the first person who’s ever been inside of me. The only other... other romance I had was with a woman named Peggy Carter."
Steve smiled faintly to himself, sinking back onto the bed with a sigh. He rubbed at his neck and stared up at the ceiling, which was ornate in an of itself. It felt so good to be out of it-- out of the madness-- for just a moment.  The conference felt like it was another dimension or something.  He let out a long breath and closed his eyes, liesteing to the water running in the bathroom. Tony's neck looked painful and he felt bad for it, like Steve had put it there... and he sort of had.
"He's got about a week.  He is not reacting to the news very well," said the beta.  He was small, his face surprisingly serene behind a pair of wire-frame glasses.  There was a hint of an accent Steve couldn't place.  "Though I suspect he's also in shock.  He's lost a lot of blood.  ...can I get you a blanket?"
The girl who had tried to get his attention earlier was back.  "Mr. Steve, your mate-- Pitbull-- and James-- and his mate-- he's in a fight!" she yelled.  Again, all Steve heard was a fractured babble about "James" and "your mate" and "fight."
me.  Your real name is Steve?"
"--well, being an omega--" interrupted the man with a patronizing smile.
mate.  I thought I lost you. And I don't wanna lose you. ...I hope that's good enough but I... understand if it's not."
Steve sighed and sent Natasha a look as he moved to follow Tony downstairs. Steve also wasn't impressed by Nat telling him what to do- probably due to Tony drawing out more Alpha vibes. But Steve
He dreamt of the cave, of the coppery taste of blood and the sounds of men being tortured, of the small, neat stitches Yinsen made when he closed wounds.
"Cut-- Tony, you're still--" began Pepper.
"What the hell are you talking about?"
"I'm not sure I'm Happy's type," Steve pointed out softly, tone edging on teasing.
"What happens in the car, stays in the car," offered someone up front, presumably the driver.
"Who's there?" called out someone else.
"Fuck," Sam rubbed at his temple. "That stung."
Tony simply grabbed his and cracked his head into the wall.  The man moaned. Tony cracked his head against the wall a second time, and he was silent.
Tony took a deep breath, reached out, and took Malick's hand in his own.  He shook it and forced a smile, even though he felt sick.
"Everyone at the school I teach at started coming in wearing Cap t-shirts. They loved it."
"Tony, I'm fine, it's-"
He squirmed on Tony's still-hard cock. "Come on." Steve was so goddamn needy like this. "What are you waiting for?"
Steve winced. Pepper sounded pretty furious. He grimaced with a swallow and squeezed Tony's fingers. He didn't really feel like he should be here for this conversation- their relationship was old, it had history. Pepper resigning was maybe about a bit more than just the company, but Steve wouldn't say that out loud. He swallowed.
"I thought he was
Tony's turned to look at Steve.
"Oh, yeah?  Congratulations," said Joey.  "You're staying at the Langham, right?"  He pointed the car west.
Steve was talking; Tony curled up again around him, listening to the rumble of his voice without really processing the words.  He could tell it was late morning by the light but he felt groggy and didn't want to come awake yet.  He wanted to stay in bed and snuggle.
He rolled his thumbs over Steve's spine, feeling the tension slowly drain out of him.  He was only teasing.  Steve had made it clear he didn't want Tony, but that was fine.  Tony was happy just to hover around, pleasing him, protecting him, watching TV and talking politics.  Being around Steve was, in and of itself, a reward; for some reason, just being close enough to smell his was staggeringly wonderful.
Tony let Steve run his fingers over the arc reactor for a few moments before he slowly eased off of Steve.  They weren't knotted; they'd been fucking for hours and Steve was loose, Tony flaccid. He made to stand and discovered his legs were shaking with the effort.
"You're pretty young to be laying out life plans, don't you think? It sounds like a lot of you don't know what you want...sure maybe your parents want you to settle down, and maybe you will one day, but it doesn't have to be
"Is there delicious Greek yogurt in Cleve--" began Bucky.
Clint kept burying his face into Trickshot's shoulder and Trickshot kept grabbing his head and pulling him up to look at him, and it occurred to Steve that Trickshot-- Charles-- Barney-- whatever his name was, was used to having to speak to Clint directly to ensure he could read his lips.
His best metric for "normal" was Jarvis, but using one person to represent an entire group of people was obviously not ideal.  Worse, now that Tony know about his relationship with his father, he was forced to re-evaluate nearly everything.  Was Jarvis loyal because he was inherently a loyal person, or because he was pair-bonded to Howard, or because he took his job as the family butler seriously?  Jarvis was long-dead and Tony couldn't ask him.  He remembered at least once seeing bruises on Jarvis's neck and asking about them, and Jarvis laughing lightly and telling Tony he was clumsy.  Damned liar.  Tony knew perfectly well where those bruises had come from now.
"You're telling me," said Tony with a grin, walking over to the freezer and pulling out a bottle of vodka.  "White Russian?"
"Just stick close," Happy mumbled in Steve's ear and patted his shoulder before he moved to pave the way for him.
Then he paused, fingers curling a little tighter around Tony's.
"No?  Ever since '86, he's been... off.  Now you send him after another person known to him, you think that won't compromise him even more?  For all we know, he let him get away.  The men who were there to witness it are dead."
Tony saw Fury and Hill looking at them and he wondered if they had fought for the England exception, knowing Steve's friendship with Peggy.
"Sir, your alma mater would be the best choice for such a donation," said JARVIS.
"What, now?  ...I don't know if they're going to be open now, buddy."
The soldier felt a pang in his chest, mixed with a strange new emotion.  It took him a moment to realize it was defensiveness.
"What, suppressants?"
"Oh, congratulations, Steph!"  Several people clapped.
"Happy!  The kids!  They're trying to kill us!" managed Pepper, the struggle almost immediately resuming.
"They said, oh, it's only an omega," said the omega.
kissed
The soldier was so focused on trying to subdue the target he almost missed the word.
"...Steve... I told you... about stuff, in the hospital.  Stuff I never told anyone else." He paused. "I know it's not your fault.  Him biting you, that sucks but it doesn't change who you are, not to me, anyway.  Just like how what happened to me doesn't change who I am to you. ...hopefully." Another pause.  "...the public doesn't know about Bucky being the Winter Soldier. They still think your first mate is some guy in his nineties.  They're gonna think you have like, at least three Alphas now. And they're probably gonna be dicks about it. But I'm not going to let that come between us again.  What me and you have?  That's enough.  Whatever anyone else thinks about it, I don't care.  This is perfect.  This is enough."  Tony paused. Things were getting a bit heavy for his taste. "...besides, I can't do another two and a half months in Colorado. My tan's already ruined. Another two months and I'll end up looking albino.  Gross."
"So you think French is the language of love?" said Steve, smiling.  He leaned into Tony's palm on instinct, letting his hands drop down into his lap comfortably.
"No! We just... we would really like it if you would get dressed," Steve said, clearing his throat. "Now, are there other people here? And do they give you a key for this lock?"
Honestly, Steve was pretty excited in his own right. He couldn't wait to see Peggy again. That wasn't for a few days though. They had some solid time blocked out for bed and that lock exhibition thing at the British Museum, which Tony seemed overly interested in.  Plus, Steve had prepared a present for Tony's birthday.
"That's a really good idea," Steve said as the woman came around with more cucumbers. She set the tray down bedside them and left. Steve stole a glance at her and waited until she wasn't looking to eat several.
oh, this is great...
Tony coughed into his gin.  "What? No. No, of course not... I mean... collars are... they're, like, debasing, right?  I would never ask you to wear a collar," he said quickly.
Tony's request for the shield began immediately obvious.  The piece hurtled toward Tony and pinged off the shield, crashing into the wall; several more pieces were flying, with varying degrees of aggressiveness, at Tony, who was doing a pretty good job of letting them hit the shield.
"James?"  He looked up.  Pietro was striding over.  "You okay?" Pietro and Wanda were used to him spacing out, but the sudden jerking-awake that had been happening over the last few days was new.
It was, surprisingly, Phil who reacted first; he actually took two steps toward Tony, fists balled, before Natasha threw out an arm to stop him.
Hey everyone!  We are only one or two chapters away from OMEGA RISING PART 5: AVENGERS.  I know you guys are fucking excited for that and you totally should be.
Tony looked over his shoulder at the party.  Somehow, it was going on without him.  It was
had a problem controlling so obviously it's not
"Steve.  Hey, Steve."  Tony put his phone away and reached out to grab Steve's hands.  "Look at me. Listen. ...you have absolutely no reason at all to feel ashamed or humiliated or guilty.  What happened to you was fucked up but it doesn't make you any less of the obnoxiously idealistic, courageous, selfless person that you are.  Stop trying to hide the mark. It's there and we're not going to act like we're ashamed of it, because we're not, okay? I already let the media come between me and you once before, and it was the worst fucking decision of my life, and it was what caused all this in the first place.  You walk in there with your head held high and do what you do best: be the bigger man. And I'll be right there beside you. As your secondary, considerably shorter, not-especially-dominant Alpha." Tony gave a self-depreciating grin. Despite having initially been joking, Tony suddenly realize he was dead serious.  "...let's go rattle some cages," he said firmly, and he led Steve back downstairs, feeling, for once, extremely dominant, actually.
"TONY!" hollered Pepper, pounding on the door to the shop.  "Anthony Edward Stark, you open this door
was a chilling thought.
"I'm definitely dying," insisted Tony.  "I can't breathe. This is it. I'm dying.  I need an old priest and a young priest."
"Alright. Alright," Clint said, hand on Sam's chest. He was pushing him away from Tony, trying to calm him down. The last thing they needed was a fight.
Rhodes frowned.  "You gotta be more careful, Tony."
"Oh.  In the twenties we called it fading mate."
Woo boy.
"What did you just say?" he demanded.
him once, but he still thinks the sun shines out of his goddam ass..."
Tony liked the idea of Steve giving an interview in pre-heat and all, trying to dispel myths and everything, but... he wasn't sure how Steve was going to manage it.  Steve's heats were intense and he couldn't imagine Steve sitting still for two hours, especially if there was an Alpha in the room.
.  How the hell isn't a HYDRA base a high-risk mission?  Huh? You have my support, you know that. I totally believe in you and I'm totally behind you, but
He was too close.  The collider had heated up the room and Tony could smell him.  Adrenaline was coursing through his body.  He was shaking slightly.
Captain Rogers still seemed annoyed.  He didn't inhale his cigarette like Buck did; it was burning between two of his fingers and he was glaring off into the distance and his jaw was set like he wanted to say something and didn't dare.  He hadn't confirmed yet that they were pals.  Buck didn't know what he was doing wrong.  Behind them, music was filtering out from the club.
"Fine.  I'll start the paperwork, but you really need to get someone else as soon as possible.  Between AccuTech liquidation sales and the Expo investigation, I'm swamped."
Tony frowned a little.  He wasn't stupid. He suspected Tiberius was lying.  But he had no proof.
Rhodey sniffed the glass.  "Jesus Christ, this isn't water, this is vodka.  ...well, whatever gets him up, I guess.  If we pour some orange juice on him, he'll be a screwdriver."
...ah.  This was better.  They were joking around; everything was normal; what happened on the plane was staying on the plane.  Tony felt a surge of gratitude toward Steve.  "Uh, Rogers?  Thanks," he said again, reaching for his coffee.  He wasn't really thanking him for the coffee, but that was fine.
When it was about seven in the evening Steve called it a day and dropped his tablet down onto the sofa before heading up the stairs to their bedroom. He hesitated in the doorway, watching Tony sleep. He looked peaceful, until he stirred, grunting softly in his half-awakened state. Steve stepped forward, "Tony? Hey? You awake?" He asked softly and moved to sit on the edge of the bed.
Yes! His shield!  Where was his shield?  Damn it all, he'd had it on his back, hadn't he?
"Piper gave me a business card for some other lady... but I don't know why.  But I can call her. And Eric knows Gene, I think he's like... a broker or something.  That's our lead."
The sun on the deck was warm even if the actual temperature outside wasn't. His hair now dry, Steve dropped the towel from around his shoulders over the backs of one of the deckchairs. It felt good to get away. He was glad they were here.  Of course he was, but it was a little overwhelming all the same.
"Tony.  Come on," insisted Natasha.
"Thanks for helping us, Nat," said Steve sincerely.
Bucky take his happiness away?
“Good evening, Mr. Stark.”  Steve’s blue eyes flicked up for a brief moment.  “Breakfast has been ordered at the hotel for when we get there, and you’ll have a chance for about four hours of rest before the race itself.”
"You don't have to...apologise," Steve said, finally. His words were measured. Careful and unsure. "I wouldn't bother. There's no time to waste. You can synthesize it now, tell them later." Maybe a selfish part of Steve still wanted Tony to himself, didn't want this moment to end. And he didn't want Tony's good mood to end either and he certainly wasn't enamoured with the SHIELD family upstairs. "Fury wanted blueprints from you he had no right to. You may as well let him sweat a little."
He stared back.
There's no way I'm dancing too to top it all off." Steve tried for a smile. This one made it to his eyes.
Both men down. Steve reloaded as Fury took them away from the curb.
But first things first.  Bucky tilted Steve's head a little more and Steve complied, moving gracefully under his hands, and he leaned forward to bite down on the back of his neck.  The scar there wasn't right, didn't fit his mouth at all. He bit down harder, needing it reshaped, needing it to fit. Needing to fix it.
Tony wasn't sure how many people he currently had on his staff because he had long since stopped writing checks; he let Pepper do that.  Even though she was no longer his PA, she still acted as his accountant.  She had signed off on her own checks for years; Tony trusted that she was managing things well.  He had as little interactions with the staff as possible.  They floated around like ghosts, but Tony knew that if he hollered, at least a few people would come running.  Life had always been like that.  Tony had once told Pepper, drunk, that he experienced a condition he'd named Schrodinger's Loneliness.  It was the feeling of simultaneously feeling like you were never alone while always being alone.  Tony experienced it in a house far too big for one person, and at parties where everyone was his friend but no one knew his favorite color.
For a split second Tony thought it was accidental, Steve slipping under the water. Then he felt Steve wrap his lips around his cock.  His whole body spasmed and he grabbed Steve's hair to yank him up.
The only one who looked unfazed was Vanko.  His smell was vicious and Tony was certain he was absolutely crazy.  Completely unhinged.  So far, the only sign Tony had had that he cared about anything other than revenge was the mention of a bird, which made no sense.  If anything, it only further convinced Tony of Vanko's utter madness.
"Nick assigned an unbonded omega not on suppressants to an unbonded Alpha?" asked Tony incredulously.
Wanda merely shrugged, brows knitted in concentration, hands drawing intricate shapes in the air.
Steve was.  Getting to know his new friend.
In lieu of a traditional auction, they had opted for a silent one, with people penning in bids for each of the plants.  Tony had had "Richard Emmett" bid for a few of the fancier ones to drive up prices. At the end of the night, the winners were announced; Haley and her mate got a small yellow one, which they both cheered loudly for when they names were called.  The whole process took nearly two hours because of how many plants there were.
"The Winter Soldier did it," he said reluctantly and something dark passed over Peggy's features.
"Go south.  Turn right at the second light," he instructed Steve.  Steve's phone pinged again.  "...okay, seriously, what's going on?  Nat's been texting you all day under the table.  I'm not blind, you know.  Are you guys talking about me?  Is this about the simulation?  I think I did pretty okay.  I'm sorry that my subconscious doesn't trust you.  I mean, I'm really trying here, Steve, I love you, but in fairness, you lied to me for weeks about who you were, so I think those feelings are sorta justified, you know?  But I swear, Steve, I'm really happy we're bonded and you know I love you, right?  You can feel that.  I'm sorry the simulation made you out to be a spy... I don't know what the hell that was.  It's just, you know, your brain goes some real dark places, and--"  Tony trailed off.  He shrugged helplessly and squeezed Steve's hand.  "--anyways, let's grab some nachos and tequila and put this behind us.  I definitely think I did really well.  ...hell, maybe they're gonna make me the new captain."  He shot Steve a grin.
.  She's got such a cute girl-next-door thing.  And she's got a song about the U.S.A.- that's right up your alley.  Taylor and Ellen are both omegas so of course they want you.  Ellen's only name is Ellen, it's a mononym, like Cher, or Sting."
Tony froze.  "What?"
-learning stuff," Steve mumbled, almost sounding embarrassed himself. "I had no idea about any of this, Tony.  I was clueless.  In my time, omegas weren't really expected to... y'know, enjoy sex." He remembered the first time he went down on Tony, how strange the taste and weight had been on his tongue. It's not that he hadn't
"Go Steve," Aria chimed, handing Steve a chai latte. Steve was dressed in his usual navy blue suit and white shirt underneath. He'd decided to done the matching waistcoat this time, not afraid of dressing like his stereotype. He didn't really have the energy for that right now.
"Ни хуя́," echoed Karpov
His hands had already untucked Steve's shirt and were undoing the buttons of his waistcoat and shirt, fingertips brushing his skin teasingly.  "Clearly I'm a bad influence... let's get you out of these clothes, I don't want them to get all sweaty... bend over the bed for me, Steve, let me take care of you."  Tony kissed his neck, helping him shrug off his shirt. "I'll be good for the rest of the day after this, I swear," he added, reaching into Steve's pants. His hand brushed Steve's erection, his balls, then dug deeper to find his entrance.  Steve was already moist; Tony teased him gently, stroking his hole, enjoying the way Steve squirmed and gasped and tensed, at the warm fluids slowly coating Tony's fingers.
approached
"No, I
"No, no, nothing like that.  Just checking in for a friend.  Personal favor. Sorry to bug you," said Fury coolly.
"I can read the headlines now," groaned Pepper.
Warm hands on his face again as Tony brushes more tears away and Steve, God help him, whimpers.
Steve looks up, startled out of his thoughts. He blinks slowly at the man, trying to comprehend his words.
Before he can leave, he hears someone call out to him. “Hey, Mister! Did you find out about the Commandos?”
He waltzes onto Steve’s floor again that night, takeout in one hand and StarkPad in the other. He falters somewhat at the sight of Steve sitting by himself at the kitchen counter with what looked like a PB&J  and a half dozen dossiers in front of him. Tony moves closer and glances at the file closest to him, unsurprised to find his father’s sepia-toned eyes staring back at him.
The children look at each other again.
Tomorrow , T’ny will bring them in front of the Council and have them detail their story for them. Hopefully the last remaining Terran will be enough to convince them of the danger of this unknown force.
They sit in silence for a while. Steve stares curiously at the black, rectangular devices the waiters and waitresses use to take orders. He wonders if they’re anything like Sam’s mobile telephone and makes a mental note to ask him later.
Seven hundred-
The creature says something that the translator takes a millisecond to recognise as one of Terra’s many dialects.
The next afternoon, Tony enters the communal kitchen to find Steve surrounded by the rest of the Avengers. They all look up when he walks in, five sets of eyes absently tracking his movements to the coffee machine. Clint finally breaks the silence.
had been the one to have Tony go out of his way to organise this.
“Still not your fault.”
“Really, Tony? Red white and blue?”
“Then I’ll be fine. Tony, I trust you and Natasha, I’ll just do what my fearless leaders tell me to.” He tries for a lopsided smile but judging from Tony’s scowl, it doesn’t land. Instead, he rubs a hand across his face and sighs.
“He remembers him. He was sort of a mess when I found him, but he talked about stuff that wasn’t in that file. No one told him-” He looks at Clint for confirmation, who shakes his head, “-so he must have remembered his best friend who tried to kill him, and who did kill my parents, but he still doesn’t remember his soulmate.”
Steve just grunts in response. The fact that these people know him so well, well enough to be able to read the minutiae of his expressions and he can’t even remember their names is almost worse than- everything else.
“Steve, I can’t count the number of times the thought of your sheer will and determination were the only things that got me through some sticky situations.
Clint watches Tony’s raised brow as Thor and Bruce head towards the elevators.
allowed to splash out on him. They had agreed Christmas and valentines were permitted what Steve described as a “reasonable gift” and birthdays and anniversaries were permitted something that Tony described as “more personal.”
as he places his glass precariously on top of Thor’s before walking out. He’s followed by Natasha and Clint and Tony turns to see Thor giving Steve an enthusiastic pat on the back before he follows in their wake.
Now, they are friends, Tony knows, and he isn’t an
“I’m sorry,” he calls, “but do you know where I could find the Commandos?”
Tony glances up as Clint saunters into the kitchen.
Tentatively, the girl from earlier approaches him. “Mister? Are- are you okay?”
home – stands in front of him and with unsteady movements he moves through the lobby, to the elevators, and presses the button for the private floors. He’s quiet a moment, overwhelmed, when a thought occurs to him and he looks up, tentative. “JARVIS?”
“You can try to stop me, but I think you know better than that.”
“Stark?”
“I told him he found his soulmate.”
Tony hesitates before muttering “The waffles.”
Tony doesn’t look up from his coffee as he asks. He can hear Wilson come up to lean against the counter next to him.
“Tony, right?” Steve offers him his hand, which Tony takes, feeling slightly surreal.
“I’m sorry.”
He had promised till death do them part but death has parted them now and still,
The first time Steve meets Howard and Maria Stark, Howard spends the entire evening with a curled lip. Maria isn’t much better – all cold smiles and colder words. Tony wants to cry. Steve smiles at him at the end of the night and acts like Howard’s classism didn’t piss him off endlessly, didn’t make him the littlest bit insecure.
They walk for a while in silence, Steve giving Sam time to work up to whatever it is he seems to want to say. The thought surprises him. He glances over at Sam. There’s nothing obvious about him that gives any such indication, and yet Steve is virtually certain of the fact that Sam wants to say something to him, but is hesitating. It’s possible he picked it up from their time spent together today, but-
Steve furrows his own brow. Did the Commandos not roam this land any longer? He did remember they had been talking about moving east to help with conflicts that had been arising there.
When he wakes the next morning, nose pressed to blond hair, he can’t help but wonder when the smell of wet dog started to smell like home.
“Tony. I’m glad you’re back.” He hesitates before adding “I missed you.”
“Try not to “be good” in front of the animals!” Clint calls as Nat lets go of his wrist and they both stride toward the elevators. Now that their backs are turned, Clint can see Natasha’s lips spreading slowly into a shit eating grin.
“Jarv, what time is it?”
“Yeah, everyone keeps saying that.”
Steve shakes his head and Tony takes his hand and pulls him toward the airlock, which hisses open as they approach. Steve grabs the gloves and helmet off his seat before being tugged through to the other side.
And so it goes. They pass the evening that way, then the next, and the next. When Tony runs out of footage, they turn back to movies. Some evenings, after he’s learned about the dubiousness of fast food, Steve cooks. It’s nice. Familiar enough that it’s easy to forget himself and lean in a little too close.
Happy jolted awake briefly.  "Whaddya need?" he mumbled, blinking and looking around.
"...good," said Tony.  "...productive," he added, because he felt like Steve was expecting more.
Steve did smile properly then.
"No," said Tony, sharper than he meant to.  "...no," he repeated, quieter. "If I take this thing off, even for a second, it'll totally undermine what we're trying to communicate.  ...it's fine. Really. It's just rubbing my hackles. It's not so bad, if I keep them down." Tony hoped he sounded convincing. He had no control over his hackles, not really.
tracing this call for, Jasper."
Tony poked unhappily at his breakfast (which was as lousy as dinner had been the night before) and in the end gave up, drinking only coffee and vodka from a flask in his hoodie.
Gleason was preparing the sedative on the coffee, getting a scarily long needle out and filling it with a clear looking liquid.
"Who authorized this?"
Tony let out a noise of surprise when Steve picked him up.  Holy
Steve froze on the rooftop. He knew how the kid got here up so quick but that didn't make it any less disconcerting. Steve didn't step away; in fact, he stepped closer. He wasn't afraid of the other omega.
"Natasha." She explained. "Talk to her before you get too gooey."
They were in a van parked on the sidewalk and there was a fire on the beach.  There was a third person there.
"Can you ask Rhodey if I can have my suit back now?
"I don't think Gleason will find anything," said Rhodey, hopping up on a barstool; Tony offered him a drink and he took it.  "He's pretty clean. And even if he does, I doubt he'll be willing to press charges."
3 am came around quicker than Steve could have anticipated. He was soon getting into his uniform, sliding it comfortably over his underclothes and leaving his shield by the door before he went to wake Tony up, his helmet strapped to his belt for now. Steve was tugging on fingerless gloves as he stepped into their bedroom and knelt down by Tony's side of the bed so he could speak softly but have Tony still hear. "Time to wake up," he whispered. "Pick up is in an hour Tony."
Oh ho, but he could have, if only he hadn't been an asshole to Steve in the first place.
"Yeah and the arc reactor is pretty sweet, too," quipped Tony.
"I'm coming back!" yelled Tony.  "You need the break before I beat you up again!"
"But Gideon's detained until--" began Mac.
"..Y-Yes?"
"I know, I know, I know.  And don't worry about Trickshot, me and Steve are going to find him."  Tony didn't add that he doubted Trickshot was in the best shape, where ever he was.  "Steve, text Coulson about finding Tricky, will you? What was his real name, DeSoto?"
He wondered how many orchids there were.  If they'd broken the 500 mark yet.  If he was going to have to hire on someone to care for the damn things until they could get rid of them, or at least give one of the gardeners a raise.
Steve feels that same guilt from earlier settle more firmly in him, and it’s this that makes him bench himself when the alarm sounds for the Avengers barely a day later.
“I hope you slept well, Steven.”
Who knew all those years ago that Steve was playing the long game, waiting until Tony made his million before breaking things off? And in the end, Tony had
“Just- It’s someone on the team, right? So they’ll say something soon.”
Steve grips the balcony’s railing. The wind stings his face, but it feels grounding rather than painful as he senses Tony move to stand beside him.
Now, Steve can’t help but wonder what on Earth is personal about a trip to space.
Tomorrow, they will face the threat known only as Death, a being who has wiped out hundreds of planets, including Steve’s own.
“I can’t,” he repeats, “not without you.”
“A fair idea, Natasha,” Thor nods then gestures at Bruce. “Bruce, perhaps you would like to join me? Asgard holds a great many scientific wonders that I’m sure you would appreciate.”
Despite the battles that await them at the next turn of the sun, T’ny cannot help but feel immensely grateful for having met him.
And honestly, he means to reply with a friendly “No problem,” and a pat on the shoulder, but too late he realises he’s pressing his lips against Steve’s. Funnily enough, he can’t bring himself to regret it when he feels Steve very firmly kissing him back.
“Well, it's official.” Tony joins them at the table, tablet in hand and Bruce by his side, looking thoroughly amused at today’s events. “The energy signatures JARVIS detected match up with when KitKat and Muttley here showed up, which suggests-” Tony pinches the bridge of his nose and sighs “-that they came from an alternate universe.”
Steve turns and heads towards his room, back straight and strides sure as he wrestles his mind away from thinking the worst. Stuff like this happens to them all the time. It was barely last month when they had all been stranded on the Savage Lands. Still, Steve couldn’t fully settle his heart. What if, what if, what if kept playing in his head – what if this time there was magic involved, something Sam and Bruce weren’t equipped to deal with? What if this time the technology was more advanced, had somehow interwoven itself with Tony’s brain? Or what if this time, for some reason, he simply hadn’t been fast enough, hadn’t been able to stop tragedy from striking?
Silence settles over them as Steve wrestles with Tony’s words. He can feel the logic to them, but truly accepting them feels like trying to run through quicksand.
Steve had been quiet when the Avengers had first formed and kept to himself mostly. At first, Tony brushes it off as him being a stuck up, self-righteous prick who—while Tony was born with a silver spoon in his mouth—most definitely has a silver shovel shoved up his ass. That all changes after a late-night encounter of the nightmare fuelled kind, and Tony is suddenly and quite rudely reminded that the good captain has a lot to work through. To him, World War 2 had been last month, so that on top of the seventy-year time skip was likely to make a guy quiet at best and downright depressed at worst. After that little revelation, Tony eases his foot off the “sarcastic asshole” pedal and moves, grudgingly, to the “friendly teammate” one instead. Since then, their rocky relationship slowly but surely began to smooth over and Tony surprises himself by actually enjoying the captain's - Steve’s - company. When he isn’t brooding, the man has a shockingly wicked sense of humour and picks up on things lightning fast, making him an excellent conversationalist even by Tony’s standards.
Steve meets Tony’s friends, some of them anyway. In particular, the feisty redhead with the strange name catches Steve’s attention – Romanov or Romanoff or something similar. When Tony finds them together at the end of the night, he laughs at their drunken state - a result of some new drinking game she had introduced him to.
“Give me a moment,” Tony grins and pulls back before pushing a button in the arm of the chair. Steve watches as the chair leans back and red and gold plates unfold from its interior to wrap themselves around Tony.
When he steps back onto the roof, it’s to glassy eyes and a still heart and Steve doesn’t even feel shattered glass piercing unblemished skin.
He spends the day like that, hearing tales of things long passed and grappling with the crushing realisation that he no longer has a place in his homeland.
His life comes back to him in disjointed chunks. After remembering Bucky, the memories pour in, and he feels like he’s reliving the past three years on speed run, all while someone pries open his head with a crowbar.
“I’m not as good as you.”
The girl smiles up at him. “That’s great!” She pauses a moment as she seems to consider him. “Are you okay? You look like you’ve got a cold on you.”
“No, Steve, shut up, okay? I am sorry. I- we, the whole team, but especially me, I’m your soulmate – we should have known better than assuming you were just that okay with losing pretty much everything. I mean, we’ve all seen you when you’ve been punched by aliens, or shot by fellow super soldiers. I shouldn’t have assumed you’d deal with this pain any differently.
He sees Natasha and Clint and Bruce on the sofa nearest to him, Sam with Peter by the windows, and Bucky and Rhodey and-
Steve shrugs.
“Unless you invited somebody else. Though, even if you did, I ain’t sharing.”
Steve shakes his head, insistent.
And Steve laughs, laughs at the ridiculous mad who he loves with all his heart and who is taking him to
Steve gives a tight smile. “I’ll leave you two science bros to it. Let us know when you’re finished.”
He hasn’t noticed any such mark on himself, but then on him, it wouldn’t be as obvious and he hasn’t really been looking. He can’t help but wonder if him and Sam... He squashes the thought down before it gets too carried away.
“Creature, please state your place of origin and your intended business on Knotov,” T’ny calls out and the creature whips around to him.
“Hulk help!” he insists.
“Look! Dog Steve has this weird- thing on his head.” Clint pokes the A on the dog’s head while said dog looks up at him, thoroughly unimpressed. “And he’s even got the Glare Of Disapproval. Cat Tony has this little reactor blue thing!”
“Yeah, I’m gonna head, too,” Sam stretches his arms “That was a lot of work. Good to have you back, Tony.”
Steve can hardly believe this man who seemed god-like had travelled all this way merely because he had heard tales of the Commandos, tales of him. And now he’s offered to take him to visit his home land – a place only rumoured of in the stories his mother used to tell him and which they still tell on quiet nights.
“I made a promise.”
“I should have told you this a while ago, but I- I was scared. I thought you’d think less of me, or- or realise I’ve never been the person you think I am.”
Tony looks up at Steve and his mouth twists in a wry smile.
“Come on, I’m taking you out.”
At night, Steve finds himself on the roof and thinks
“Oh yeah?” And Steve can hear the sly smile clear as day in Tony’s voice. “I thought you were interested in another kind of experience?”
Steve feels more than hears a wet laugh against his shoulder. He looks down at the same time Tony pulls back and looks up at him.
Barely twenty minutes later, Tony touches down on the landing pad outside the SHIELD headquarters in Washington. The suit opens and he walks briskly to the conference room, eager for whatever explanation Fury has to offer. He hurries around the corner and sees the rest of the Avengers, bar Steve, through the glass doors, all gathered around the meeting table. He frowns as the door slides open and looks around.
“Thanks,” Tony mutters. He knows it’s a courtesy he doesn’t necessarily deserve.
Tony shakes his head. “Magic’s not really my thing, I prefer stuff that has rational explanations based in logic and facts.”
“Clark, me and Steve’ll have the usual, please.”
“This is Iron Man to Captain Handsome, do you copy?”
Steve shuffles in his seat, then looks up, determination lighting his eyes.
“Of course, Steve.”
Steve glances at the dossiers that are now stacked neatly to the side and Tony watches his Adam’s Apple bob as he swallows. Ah.
He meets Thor in the gardens and Thor smiles at him, bright and kind.
“Well, what was I
“I can’t,” he whispers, miserable and aching and for the first time in over six hundred years, home.
The five ignore him, turning and walking out.  The soldier watched them go, still calling to them.  "Wait! ...I'm still in here! ...what are my orders?!"
Tony stared down at his fingers while Steve talked.  He had mixed emotions about Barnes. Instinct was telling him that this other Alpha was a threat to be reckoned with, and Tony's more conscious insecurities were glad that Bucky sounded so broken.  But he also felt some degree of sympathy. Not just for Barnes... for Steve, for whom Barnes was one of the only remnants of his past.
Steve pushed himself up onto his knees and then sank down onto Tony in one smooth motion, his entrance ready and wet as he took him in. He sighed in relief. After all, his body had been aching for it. "Fuck," he whispered and tilted his head black. "That's perfect."
"It's a black comedy, Captain.  English, running from 1983 to 1989.  Would you like me to call it up on screen?"
"No.  Now. if you don't have anything else ground-breaking to say, we should probably head back upstairs."
He sucked in a soft breath. "Yeah...I did," Steve wet his lips and was glad Tony couldn't exactly see all of his face right. He had no doubt he was betraying a great deal of emotions- including both arousal and embarrassment. "You asked me to," he said like it was the simplest thing in the world. Like that was all the explanation required. "I'd..." Steve glanced away, not able to look at Tony as he spoke. Maybe it his old submissive habits coming into play. He'd never look at Tony too long, his blue gaze always flicking to the floor out of respect. "I'd do it again if you asked me to," he confessed in a whisper.
"Awesome," Steve said, though he felt like he sensed worse and more awkward questions on the horizon. Why would an Alpha magazine want to interview
The beta smiled, clearly not getting it.
Behind them, in the conference room, a sudden cheery voice was suddenly shouting.
Tony reached up to run his fingers over Steve's jaw and lips.  Steve's skin had only the lightest hint of down; like most omegas, Steve couldn't easily grow a beard.  His body was well-suited to the shorts; they probably hadn't even needed to shave him.
people, and it didn't bother him anymore. He compartmentalized the violence and he did what he had to do without hesitation because that's how battles were won.  And he couldn't say he had many regrets.  Certainly not with HYDRA, no. Because now it was
"Tony.  I'm serious.  The party is over.  Shut it down."
A picture of a teenaged Tony, smiling wryly for the camera.  It didn't quite reach his eyes. He was in a black robe, holding up a diploma.
Hulk glowers a moment more before bowing his head in defeat. Steve watches as their resident green giant shrinks and pales to a tan complexion, and then he’s looking down at Bruce Banner. Bruce staggers for a moment, gripping the medical tray and shaking his head.
“Stay, Steven. Just this one night.”
“So now that Sleeping Beauty has arrived-” he turns expectantly to Steve, practically vibrating with excited curiosity. Tony will admit he’s pretty interested as well. Fury’s clinical explanation late last night/early this morning was minimal, what with him refusing to disclose much without Rogers’ knowledge or consent.
Steve jerks out of his reverie when he hears the elevator doors slide open and now familiar footsteps move down the hall.
“No, Tony, I didn’t mean to spring it on you like that; I have no idea what came over me. It’s my fault, okay? You didn’t do anything wrong; it’s my fault.”
Steve nods mock solemnly, chin bumping against the top of Tony’s head. “And we must heed Pepper’s words.”
Worth being dragged through the court system, worth being called every name by every tabloid in this country and then some, worth whatever fate awaits him because he hadn’t dared to ask Howard to cover his own debts.
And it isn’t. It’s like nothing else he has ever encountered, it’s bright and new and overwhelming and exciting and awe inspiring. It’s amazing.
to get you? You don’t like
What happens next happens like water dripping and treacle pouring.
It’s late evening when he finally convinces himself to head to Steve’s floor.
“You’ve told me every look is a good look on me.”
“How long has he been here?”
“This being poses a greater threat than most have imagined. He has already wiped out planets, including my own.”
T’ny watches, fascinated, as the creature steps out gripping the door and takes in their surroundings.
extravagant and/or unnecessary gift giving. No strips of private beach or new cars or entire wardrobes of clothes he would be too nervous to wear. There had been a lot of back and forth with that rule, arguing about what qualified as extravagant and when Tony
“I know, darling. I love you. When the time comes, we’ll be here.”
“Tony?”
Steve feels his heart melt a little.
Tower, as it stood over six centuries ago. He looks up and distantly remembers how ugly it had seemed to him once and wonders how he could ever think such a thing. His home –
“Every bit as good,” he repeats “We’ll be waiting.”
He wonders briefly what the woman had been about to say, but finds himself distracted by the mattress that feels like it’s below him. He feels like he’s slowly sinking into the damn thing, a stark contrast to the brick-like pallets he was used to. It’s enjoyable until he remembers that the softness is due to 70 years of technological innovation-70 years he spent under ice.
Steve nods once.
Tony shakes his head at his reply, standing as he finishes securing the suit together.
“Come.” Anthony slides off the horse, offering his hand up to Steve. “I’ll introduce you to my parents.”
He looks up as Tony comes around the corner, two pizza boxes balanced in one hand.
“Fury thought I should have told you from the start, but-” Steve shrugs “-we were all new and I thought it would be best to wait until we knew each other. And then- there just never seemed a good time to bring it up. I should have told you at the start and I’m sorry, I hope it doesn’t affect the team.”
Tony doesn’t mean to let the hours roll by, all without ever broaching the whole “soulmate” thing with Steve. He definitely doesn’t mean to fall asleep on Steve’s sofa, but that’s where he wakes up, groggy and confused, the next morning.
Sam hesitates a breath.
“Mister, the Commandos haven’t been here for nearly seven hundred years. They haven’t been    anywhere in nearly seven hundred years, they’re all dead.”
“Just help me get this on properly.”
Steve snorts and replies “I’ll take you if you’re good” then realises what he’s said and closes his eyes momentarily, ears turning scarlet.
“Don’t,” the woman snaps, voice like a whip. “This isn’t any easier on us just because he’s not-”
“Terran, please state your business on Knotov.”
Reluctantly, Tony loosens his grip and turns to saddle the horse up.
Tony’s face suddenly crumples.
“He was louder.”
“What’s that?”
“Both of us?”
T’ny watches them eye the tranqs warily, and he shakes his head at them. There is no use for them. This Terran is, for now, not a threat and T’ny feels a pang of regret at the careful way they will be treated and monitored until they are officially cleared as such. It is clearly not something they need.
Sam grins again, leaning forward in his chair with his palms loosely clasped. His shirt sleeve rides up a little and Steve catches a glimpse of a stark white mark on his lower arm.
Bruce looks up, surprise colouring his face before he smiles. “Yeah, that’d be great.”
The tension in Sam’s shoulders gives an answer as clearly as his “yes” does.
They approach the- craft, it appears to be as they draw nearer. A somewhat clumsy design but as they begin to surround it, tranq guns raised, it becomes unmistakable. They are dealing with a crashed spacecraft. A craft that, on Knotov would be in a museum and that contains an as of yet unknown creature.
Wilson eyes him.
Steve glances back at the screen and frowns.
“We’ll let you know when Thor and Bruce get back,” she calls, then quieter to Clint “which might be a while.”
Tony whacks him with a pillow before burying his face in the covers. He looks up to pout at Steve.
“So, that’s everyone?”
“It’s no trip to outer space, but I hope you like it, Shellhead.”
It’s a few hours later when Steve is in the communal room with Natasha, watching Clint and Thor play video games. He looks up from the screen when he hears the sound of voices down the hall and turns just before Sam, Bruce and Tony burst through the doors. He watches in rapt relief for a few moments as they chatter amongst themselves, Tony and Sam gesturing about while Bruce nods along enthusiastically.
Tony takes it and Steve watches as he runs his hands over the top before carefully pulling the tape from the paper. Steve feels a flutter of nervousness as he watches Tony unwrap the gift. Not that he thinks, or indeed that he thinks Tony will think, that his gift is in any way inadequate. They both have very different ways of expressing affection and Steve had been perhaps a bit insecure about things like this at the start of their relationship, worrying over whether Tony would expect lavish gifts and surprises equal to what he gave. He quickly realised, however, that of course he didn’t. That wasn’t who Tony was, wasn’t who he ever was and quite frankly, money was wasted trying to buy him anything. Now Steve mostly enjoyed the challenge of trying to find new and interesting gifts.
“Yes, but-”
“Well, you’ve kind of got a theme going, Cap, it’s practically sacred tradition.”
“Hey,” he says back, shuffling over and pulling the covers back in invitation. He can’t remember the last time the top bunk had been used. Funny, how things creep up on you and offering comfort after a nightmare can so easily slip into something else..
“Since we brought you in here. It’s only been a couple hours, thankfully. I think-” Bruce hesitates a beat before continuing, “I think he was afraid you’d wake up with no memories again, no memories of us, at least. The past couple weeks have been hard.”
“Tony, I- I need to do this, okay? I can’t keep just sitting around the Tower while you guys go out there and chase after HYDRA. I feel-”
Her voice breaks off and Steve hears two pairs of footsteps fade as they move down the hall.
“Sure, I’m sure.”
He had never imagined this, though.
Tony squeezes his eyes shut.
“My point is, it wasn’t the most romantic soulmarking, but I don’t think it was particularly bad either, right?”
The man – Sam – doesn’t offer his hand. Steve supposes, to him, they’re past that. Sam gives him a considering look before continuing.
There’s a funeral. Of course there is, he was Tony Stark and Iron Man, had saved them in more ways most cared to know. So they have a funeral, where people bring candles and flowers and others throw stones and bitter words.
“Alright, Cap, you finish suiting up and I’ll secure the tether.”
“You have to gather whatever allies you have, start evacuating citizens, somewhere where they’ll have a chance,” they continue, desperation making their tone lilt strangely.
a genius after all.”
Eventually, he hears Tony murmur “you awake?”
“Sorry about that,” he frowns and tugs gently on it “Couldn’t get a space safe suit ready for you in time.”
“Steve’s on his run? At nine in the morning?”
He pulls out a piece of paper and it’s only when he tries to read the blurred words that he realises there are tears in his eyes. He feels Tony’s hand brush his own, before it gently pries his hands apart and Steve watches, transfixed, as the sheet of paper drifts down to the floor.
That couldn’t be right. Steve always left for his run at 6:30 and was back by 8:30 at the latest, and that was only if he stopped at the place down the street to get the bagels he knew Tony likes. Except he obviously wouldn’t be stopping for anything for Tony – they were still strangers, as far as Steve was concerned.
“Promise me, Steve.” Tony tightens his hold on Steve’s arms, eyes gazing up at him imploringly. “Promise you won’t get off the horse. If you do, you won’t be able to return.”
“I’m going to go up to my rooms. I have some stuff I want to check on before I let the Hulk back out.”
“The other Avengers are in the Tower, sir, except Thor, who is still with Dr Foster, and Agent Barton, who left for SHIELD several moments ago.”
Steve glances behind him to the Commandos at his back. He looks to Peggy, her eyes crinkling with a sad smile. Something seems to pass between them then, like a blessing being exchanged.
He looks into blue eyes that he suddenly realises are very close. He steps back hastily.
He winces at how frail his voice sounds, a rasping whisper that his failing sense of hearing strains to pick up.
And Tony’s eyes darken and he bats his eyelashes dramatically. “Who’s to say we can’t have an
He nods at it.
Tony throws his head back and laughs, the sound full and rich in Steve’s ear.
Nat shoves him as the doors slide shut.
Steve looks up the point of the sword from where it rests on his throat and into the eyes of the man holding it. Anthony Stark looks back at him, a flirtatious smile playing at his lips as Steve raises a single brow, fighting back his own amusement with a hearty attempt at blasé.
want to know.”
Fuck.
“You know, I usually prefer helping you get
Steve stalks out of the gym , ignoring Tony’s muttered “I just might.”
After a few moments, Sam turns around to him.
His grip tightens on the wheel.
Steve gives him a look that he hopes conveys how thoroughly
He flinches back when the weight of Tony’s hand comes to rest on his arm, stumbling away and turning towards the doors.
“I copy, Iron Man.”
unimpressed he is at this particular gesture. Tony just widens his eyes and looks imploringly at him.
“There’s a resemblance.”
When he wakes up, it takes him a moment to recognise the Tower’s medbay. Briefly, he wonders if he should start getting used to waking up surrounded by medical equipment. Tony sits, slumped and asleep, to his right, and  Bruce is in a chair at the foot of the bed. Bruce gives him a tentative smile as he pushes himself to a sitting position.
A partially constructed Iron Man armour covers one bench, a set of arrows strewn across another. Blue light from projected blueprints fills the room and as he steps over the threshold, something comes whizzing over to him and beeps repeatedly, the claw at the end of its arm whirring.
Tony huffs as he pours coffee into two cups.
Steve has been wary of that going into the relationship, explained to Tony in no uncertain terms that there was to be absolutely
Steve looks deep into warm brown eyes and finds truth and love so he nods, murmurs “I love you” and closes his eyes and breaths.
More than that, as he tilts Tony’s head up to catch his lips in a kiss, he knows it is the start of something legendary.
Fuck.
Logically, Steve could understand Tony's concern, but he felt like he was going to crawl out of his skin if he stayed idle for much longer. The first time he came out of the ice, he’d got to punch aliens and a god, and even if he can’t remember it, he has a feeling it must have been pretty damn good to be out doing something instead of sitting and looking pretty.
Tony gives him an offended look.
“Mad Eye?” Tony calls, eyes on the dark space in front of him, wondering what the hell is about to jump out from it. As quickly and quietly as he can, he starts moving from his place at the island to back away further from the hall, signalling to JARVIS to bring up one of the suits. “You wouldn’t have anything to do with whatever the hell’s happening in my tower, would you?”
After a beat, Steve figures either Sam just knows him that well or he must be able to read his thoughts because Sam says “he died,” gently, almost for Steve’s sake, like he knew what Steve had been hop- thinking.
Tony nudges his chest and Steve lies back obediently, automatically wrapping his arm around Tony’s waist when he settles against his side.
, and nods.
Steve marries Tony after a year and together they form a group who come to be known as the Avengers. This land, for all its beauty, is not without its problems. Steve has never been one to back down from a fight that needs to be fought and thankfully, neither is Tony.
?" demanded Banksy, jutting out one hip.
It was perhaps a little interesting, Tony would contemplate, later, that everyone talked about pair-bonding with such flowery language, made it seem romantic and sweet and frilly. But there was also a lot of intense fucking, apparently, the dirty, primal kind of fucking where both parties lose control.  Tony was perfectly fine with that, though.
"That sounds right," said Vim, nodding in agreement.
Tony bothered Steve for about a day after his visit to the Mojave to see the Tesseract; Tony had hacked enough files and also gone through enough of his father's old lab notebooks to have a healthy amount of curiosity about it.  But Steve's knowledge was frustratingly non-technical and so Tony gave up quickly, re-focusing his efforts on building the Mark VII, which was coming along well (in the sense that Tony had not broken any more bones).
Tony leaned his chair back onto the back two legs of his chair and sipping his drink with a shrug.  "I'm bonded to the most wholesome omega on the planet, Rhodey. I can't help it if some of his wacky ideas have bored into my skull."
"Anything I command him to."
George shot a look at Kerry, Steve, Brent, and Ian.  All of them were mouthing different numbers and holding up fingers.
"--and she pepper-sprayed you."  Tony's face split into a grin.  "..
"Why would you ask that?"
"Oh come on," Natasha shrugged. "Tony looks at him like a lost puppy..."
On the Beltway, Bucky was headed west at a smooth twenty miles an hour, feeling thoroughly anxious about making good time.  He hoped, desperately, that Steve would have the sense to stay where he was, but if not, he felt relatively confident that he could find his mate through instinct.  Back in the forties, Bucky had managed to hone his tracking abilities to GPS-levels of accuracy; he had to. There had been no cell phones back then, so when Steve got into trouble, it was only through their bond that Bucky could come to his rescue.  Perhaps that was part of the reason Bucky had wanted to be bonded to him in the first place. There had been too many close calls, and after Sarah's death, Steve had gone a little crazy, getting into more scraps and consequently getting slammed against a lot of back-alley walls and knocked and pinned to the cold, hard ground.  Bucky shuddered to think what would have become of Steve if he hadn't always managed to intervene at the last minute. It was almost like Steve
There was a pause.  Tony's expression changed from one of bored bleariness into one of clarity, and he stared, blinking, at Stone.
But Tony dragged him out of his own thoughts when his fingers brushed near that sweet spot behind Steve's ear. He failed to repress a shiver. "Tony," he said in warning, because Rhodey was in the room. But then he gave him a kiss him anyway, firm but brief. "Right. That's all you're getting, mister."
"Oh," said Donner mildly.  That meant nothing to him; he didn't know anything about Richard Emmett, either.  No one told him about the Alphas he would be serving, only their names. It wasn't his place to know.
