Something did go wrong one Friday evening when I was about 12 years old. We were at home, Dad reading a book and getting distracted by the show I was watching on TV. It was a crime thriller, and Dad would occasionally offer a critique.
John dug at a chunk of roots, still ruminating. He’d never gotten along with his father; he had been a heavy drinker, slipping into black moods, blaming others for his misfortunes, letting his practice slide toward disaster and his fists fly in anger…
Sherlock quietly panics at the thought. He never seriously considered that John might reciprocate his interest. What should he do? Attempt to flirt to let John know his own feelings of attraction? Oh God…
Sherlock touched the tip of his index finger to John’s. “What did you feel when I joined you in bed earlier?” He lightly traced the back of John's hand. “What are you feeling right now?”
Sherlock hummed in pleasure, sinking his fingers into John’s hair. “We’re both idiots, wasting all that energy.”
He would barely have noticed it if Sherlock’s hand hadn’t brushed across his own, cradling Rosie to his chest.
“Who is downstairs, Holmes?” A raspy voice demanded. There was a murmured reply, and the pacing steps quickly turned to directed stomping and a sudden.
If he actually has to fire the damn thing, his shoulder is going to be out of commission for more than a week.
She barely noticed him, fiddling with her new toy, and John had a quiet thought that perhaps he was going to have another Sherlock on his hands.
Sherlock was pulled back into John when fingers gently curled around his wrist and coaxed it away from the microscope. When they turned his arm over, wrist faced up, Sherlock raised his head.
Anyways, I hope you all enjoy. Send kudos and comments! You can praise me or yell at me, I'm fine with both :)
“Well, you boys know how much I hate to intrude,” John and Sherlock gave each other a look at that, but Mrs. Hudson continued anyway, “but Rosie-dear will be quite tired soon, she didn’t even take a nap, and it’s getting quite on in the evening – ”
Rosie could even tell Sherlock was poorly, always looking at his closed bedroom door. Around lunch, while John prepared her meal, she started poking around the cupboards she was tall enough to reach, though none of them would open for her.
And as he unbuttoned the trousers and slid his hand down John’s abdomen, Sherlock tilted his head, teasing his long fingers at the hem of John’s boxers.
lead a mundane life, just for a few weeks?” He sighs again, and Sherlock can picture him massaging his temples. “Do you think you’re in any danger?”
An hour later, sprawled on his stomach across John's bed while John traced lazy circles on his bare back, Sherlock remembered. He rolled over, propping himself up on one elbow. “How would you like to come to London with me?”
Sherlock nodded, his expression serious. “I’m sure… but I have to tell you -- I've never done this before.”
John can’t help but notice the proximity of Sherlock’s long legs, and he wonders if his feet are warm or cold. Probably cold. He’s tempted to nudge his own foot closer to find out, but doesn’t dare. They breathe, lying still. Gradually, their eyes become heavy, the need for sleep tugging at them.
The sing-song proverb twined around his brain, memorized despite his hatred of it. Stupid. It was a stupid and terrible thing to hang in a child’s room, looking so sweet and flowery but laced with poisonous words.
He slips the field hospital and group photos from their tabs and slides all three images into his pocket. He’ll study them more closely later. Right now he needs to sit down.
Suddenly the pressure lifts and he gasps for breath, the t-shirt falling to the floor. Still in a fog, he fumbles for the call button with shaky hands, collapsing against the pillows, his skin pale and clammy.
Sherlock smiled wanly, choosing not to reply, wondering how soon he could see John again. They had parted without plans, the night too full of surprises to think ahead.
John smiles to himself, amazed at how easily those words fall from their tongues now. He settles his head into the pillow and is soon lulled to sleep.
“John, this is Sherlock Holmes,” Molly introduced them, “and Sherlock, this is John Watson. He’s visiting his great aunt this summer. Oh, and his mum is here too.”
“I'm hungry,” Sherlock announces, shrugging off his dressing gown and walking toward his bedroom. “I've been thinking about that cake place.”
“Russian prison tattoos. A spider on the right shoulder signifies a thief. That, and he did have an unusual number of laptops hidden in his room.”
Sherlock’s voice — a deep rumble rasping with an edge of vulnerability — vibrates in John’s chest, loosening his doubts and inhibitions, giving him the courage to tilt his head, close his eyes, and finally taste the coveted fruit of Sherlock’s tempting, plush lips.
Sherlock stops, taken aback by John's tone. He scrutinizes John intently, then realizes his error: he’s grossly underestimated John's reaction to this case. John is truly afraid, shaken, reliving every inexplicable experience he's ever had.
He gave me an odd look. “Yes, of course. We’re healthy, you're doing well in school, I enjoy my work, so yeah…”
“I’ll tell my brother to double your pay. Hardship duty.” He gives her a smile, trying to lighten her mood. “Now buck up. Call the agent on duty outside and ask him if anyone’s been near the house. Gardener, bicyclist, delivery van, anything. Have him run back through the surveillance footage for anything unusual.”
Their hips and legs found a way to fit as John moved his mouth from Sherlock's lips to jaw to neck, his thumb roving over a nipple, bringing it to a peak.
Sherlock nodded, letting go of the breath he had been holding, a huff of air that lowered his shoulders.
John flicked his eyes up, uncertain for a second if the voice he’d heard was real or imagined. “Do you ever find it odd --” he started.
“It's not a habit.” Sherlock objected, mortified to see John looking at him with a mix of confusion and disbelief.
The dance ended, and Molly bounced over to them, a little out of breath, her eyes going wide when she saw Dimmock. “You're here!”
John felt anything but content. He was restless, his thoughts constantly circling back to Sherlock. He scratched at an insect bite on his thigh, a souvenir from their dalliance in the grass several days ago. It had been worth it -- touching Sherlock’s pale skin beneath his shirt, the hard heat of their cocks in his hand, bringing each other off.
John finally submits, his wrists pinned above his head, snow biting into his lower back where his shirt is rucked up. Sherlock looks down at him, droplets glistening in his dark hair and lashes, their ragged breaths puffs of white suspended in the air.
“I have a meeting, so I'll be going.” He gathered his attaché case and headed to the door. “Think about what we discussed. It would behoove you to pay more attention to your finances.”
Asking to borrow the car always involved questions, as did telephone calls to arrange plans. His great aunt guarded the phone like a watchdog, wanting to know who had rung and why. She stationed herself by the windows, watching the comings and goings along the road.
“I'll let her know you'll be coming,” Sherlock continued. “And I'll make sure you get a room just down the hall from mine.” He winked, then pushed himself out of his chair. “Now put on your coat. We’re going to Whitechapel.”
The words landed with a shock of intimacy, stirring up emotions that Sherlock had hoped were healed over. John had not told him about this dedication. They had exchanged letters, a few short phone calls and postcards, promises to visit, all of which gradually faded over the span of a year. They had both been caught up in their work, Sherlock with university, John with finishing his novel and starting a new teaching job.
John grins into his glass. Maybe it’s ridiculous to still be so infatuated at their age -- they’re both in their 50s -- but he doesn’t care. He’s going to take advantage of every minute of this getaway, almost a week alone with Sherlock.
Everything he’d ever felt for John was still alive, burning brighter and truer despite seven missing years. To be here with him again like this, intimate, private, with no fear of prying eyes or impending separation looming over them, was a dream.
The honey was a flimsy excuse to visit John, but Sherlock didn't care. They had barely seen each other since returning from London, and he badly wanted to talk to him. John had been quiet on the train ride back, and during their brief moments together he had seemed distant.
The less-than-subtle hint sends a small shock through Sherlock’s system. He never imagined it would all happen so quickly, but he takes John by the hand, leading him down the short hallway.
It was agonizing, trying to feign aloofness, when what John really wanted to do was rip the shirt off Sherlock's back and put his mouth all over that hot skin. His cock twitched at the thought.
A week later, John sat across from Sherlock in a high-backed wooden booth at a local bar. It wasn’t the sort of place students hung out — the drinks were too expensive and the lighting too low for good selfies — but faculty and staff gravitated to it for happy hour.
He picked up the last letter from Sherlock and re-read it, wistfulness flooding through him. He wished Sherlock had written more about where he'd traveled, why he'd taken up fencing, what his experiments were. All the little details were left out, leaving only the bare bones of the weeks and months that passed by, a skeleton outline.
He lifted a foot over the side of the tub, eased it into the water, his fingers curling as the heat engulfed his ankle and calf. It felt good, the hot bite on his skin, the sharp sting as he gingerly lowered his body.
It was strange to be back home after being on his own for so long. He’d half forgotten the formalities and rituals that life at Musgrave Hall demanded.
John paused, the sound of their heavy breathing pulsing against the walls. He loosened his tie, removing the damned thing with a few agitated tugs, then rapidly unbuttoned his shirt, shrugging it off and onto the floor. He ran a thumb over Sherlock's cheekbone, fingers glazing down his long neck.
By the time they return to the hotel, they're lightheaded, their cheeks rosy, their throats warmed by the sting of the liquor, their movements loose.
"Right. Clearly a well-rounded diet," John replied sarcastically. He pointed at Sherlock with his knife. "Eat your peas."
Sherlock exhales, watching his breath turn crystalline in the frigid night air. He sinks further into the fur collar of his coat and taps his fingers on the steering wheel of the hired car, wondering if he should run the heater a few minutes to warm up.
Dark eyes look up, recognize. The man behind the counter straightens his back and smiles slightly. “It's been awhile.” He closes the book he was reading. “The usual?”
“She's right, you know.” Mr. Holmes continued to work the rag over the car. “If I wasn't acquainted with the vice-chancellor, you might have been expelled.”
Sherlock breathes in sharply at the touch. It’s unexpected, but not unwelcome. Something in him stirs, a faint memory — the weight of his hand, the golden hair on his forearm, those indigo eyes. He melts into the moment, the air heavy with possibility. His body heats in response, filing with desire, blood rushing to his groin.
Sherlock's voice sounded casual, but John detected a deliberate effort of nonchalance behind the words.
He's lost in thought when a cool breeze skims along his neck. He thinks nothing of it until he feels something icy trail across his nape, almost like a finger, making him jump. A woman's laugh, light and mocking, shimmers in the air. Sherlock whirls around, searching wildly for the source, sees nothing. He shivers, goosebumps rising on his arms.
He went limp, sated, lying back, watching through half-lidded eyes as John jerked his fist over his cock, his breath a hiss as he climaxed in short bursts, the final pulses of milky come dribbling over his fingers and onto the grass. John collapsed beside him, panting.
John pulled off his leather work gloves, taking the time to study Molly’s companion as he came to a smooth stop beside her. Sherlock's expression was neutral, his eyes hidden behind the round tortoiseshell sunglasses with lenses tinted a deep brown.
“I’m afraid that won’t be possible. Not right away.” Mycroft warms his hands around his cup. “I’ve made other arrangements.”
He released the pressure on Sherlock's wrists, slid his palms over his shoulders, down to cradle his sides. John trailed his mouth down Sherlock's sternum to the warm skin of his stomach, his lips tracing the crescent curve of rib cage.
It was surprisingly easy to plan this trip. These days Olivia is so busy with school and swimming and her friends; it seems like he rarely sees her unless they pass in the foyer on the way in or out of the house.
“Last name’s Moran. Nasty sort, thug with a record a mile long. You probably helped send him to jail at some point and he wanted to pay you back. But he claims he was hired to kill you.”
The doors rolled open and they stepped in, Sherlock calmly reaching over to push the fifth floor button. The doors closed with a tired rumble, and they were alone.
John clearly was not in the mood for small talk, so he would cut right to the matter. “Yesterday, I was caught off guard. It was something of a shock to see you again. I may have been… unwelcoming.”
“I'd like that.” Sherlock welcomed any distraction, but his thoughts couldn't be contained for long. He traced a finger over a lid, thinking back to when John had kissed him the first time among the beehives. It seemed like a lifetime ago, not mere months. He was seized with the urge to see John again, as soon as possible. “Could I take one of these to John's family?”
The smell of pastries wafted across the street and his stomach growled, making him realize how long it had been since he'd last eaten. He crossed over to the bakery and ordered a coffee and croissant to tide him over, picking up a copy of
Captain Watson smiles slightly, then his eyes darken. He slides his hand higher to Sherlock’s thigh. It’s an intimate gesture, and Sherlock stares dumbly at the fingers curled around his leg. He can feel the touch through the blankets, cold, almost electric, a mild current.
He pictured John's tight smile -- the one that didn't reach his eyes and meant he was biting back rage -- and recalled his last words:
“Also,” Sherlock continued, “you need a job, and I could use an assistant with medical knowledge. Perhaps we could come to an arrangement to further reduce your rent in exchange for your services.”
The noises stop. They both stare up at the dark landing, waiting. Sherlock lays a palm on the polished wooden bannister and begins the climb up.
“Oh.” He stands motionless in the doorway, looking out at the street. The light drizzle has become a cold downpour.
Sherlock’s mind is suddenly filled with the vision of John prying up the floorboard to hide the journal. He is pale, sweating, nearly delirious, a bloody bandage swaddled across his shoulder and chest. It takes all his strength to finish his task, his face twisting in pain as he pushes the board back into place. He remains crouched on the floor, panting. His hand clutches at his chest and he grimaces, falling forward, collapsing on the floor. It’s late at night, the house silent, no one hears a thing. In a few hours, he’s dead.
The phone slips unnoticed onto the chair cushion. Sherlock lifts his gaze to John’s and inhales shakily, causing John to put both hands on Sherlock’s knees. He feels like he’s holding Sherlock down, as if he might float away if he doesn’t tether him to the earth.
John gives him a small smile, and suddenly a wave of deja vu sweeps over Sherlock. He remembers that crooked smile -- over a teacup, across the officer’s club, next to him in bed. He flattens his hand against John’s chest, unbalanced, pulled into the past. John steadies him, waiting patiently.
Sherlock is in a semi-daze, sighing languidly when John trails his lips down his throat to his chest, sucking one rosy nipple to a peak, then moving carefully to the other, cautious of his injury. Sherlock’s fingers tighten on John’s shoulders as he continues down his torso, nuzzling the sensitive skin above his navel.
John climbed the stairs to the dark flat, tired and out of sorts after working a long shift at the surgery. Not exactly the most relaxing way to spend the day before Christmas Eve.
Sherlock’s concentration wavers, losing himself in what John is doing with his deft fingers. Wanting to amplify the sensation, Sherlock rouses himself enough to fling an arm out to the bedside table, rummaging in the drawer until he finds the bottle of lube he keeps for his own private stress-relief sessions.
They drove slowly toward the social hall, finding a spot to park a distance away so they wouldn't be boxed in by other cars. A group of girls passed by, laughing, the beading on their dresses glinting in the last rays of the sunset.
There was nothing smooth or glamorous about it, Sherlock realized. Lust was a frenzy. It was clumsy hands and knocking knees and smearing mouths, hasty fingers tangling in clothes. Once they were both free, trousers crumpled around their knees, they nestled close together, thighs touching.
He moans, pressing back against John’s probing mouth, wanting more. A hot stab of tongue makes him roll his forehead against his arm in surrender, and it comes again and again, deeper, coaxing him open.
John checked his temperature with his palm and scrutinized his eyes and pallor. “Fever’s down, but you’d best stay in bed today.”
“Hmm,” Victor draped himself around Sherlock’s back, tucking his chin on his shoulder. “Come to bed. I’ll rub your back.” His hands slid below Sherlock’s waist, roaming beneath the dressing gown. “Or whatever else you might like.”
He couldn't tell Sherlock this, knowing how Sherlock felt about him. He'd burned the letters, for Christ’s sake. Sherlock had merely taken pity on him, a broken man with a limp, and given him a place to stay and a chance to start over.
Sherlock drains his wine glass and sets it aside. His gaze slides to the fire, his answer barely audible. “I do.”
Author’s note: Growing up, I had a needlepoint version of this proverb in my room made by some well-meaning relative. It creeped me out entirely and offered absolutely zero comfort.
Sherlock avoided the awkwardness by looking pointedly at the hostess. “Please tell our waiter we’ll start with a bottle of the 2001 Saint-Emilion.”
Sherlock smiled. “I didn't make a very good impression when we talked for the first time, as I recall.”
Sherlock smiled. “Then I suppose I ought to invite you to stay for dinner. I’ve got a chicken roasting. Not exactly the traditional turkey dinner, but there are peas and potatoes. And Mrs. Turner dropped off an apple pie.”
Sherlock is suddenly standing next to him, and John can only admit to the deed. “I’m just appreciating the scenery.”
“Nonsense. We're here now, and you’re obviously competent. Some of the photos in the window are your work, if I'm not mistaken. The ones signed I.S.?”
He’s loitering outside a posh hotel in Stockholm, waiting for a suspect to leave so he can follow him. He’s resigned to a long wait, given the man’s reputation for lavish drinking and dining.
John balances the silver razor in his fingers, getting a sense of its weight, noting its high quality. He turns to Sherlock, who is looking up at him calmly.
They were standing in the enclosed porch at the back of the house that had been turned into a room for processing honey. A few wicker chairs were pushed to the side, a metal honey extractor, buckets, and a wooden table covered with special implements taking up most of the porch.
John’s fingers dug into his neck, easing him back, slowing him down. John loosened his hold, his hand sliding to cup Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock licked his way into John’s mouth, wanting to taste him, curl him around his tongue, swallow him whole.
“That can't be right.” John tried to recall the day, starting in his room, then the kitchen for breakfast, reading the paper, Sherlock bursting in like a madman and rushing him out the door --
“It's a start. Let's do it again. Eyes up this time. Left foot forward, right foot sideways, together, right back, left back, together. Good. Now to the music.”
I’d decided to take a gap year and travel instead of going to university right away. I volunteered for a three-month project in southern India working on women’s health education. I ended up liking it so much that I extended my stay for another three months. The last half of the year I spent traveling, knocking around as many countries as I could afford.
Sherlock contemplates this as he pours two cups of coffee (John's preferred brand, a roast darker than Sherlock really cares for, but he makes an exception for John).
John stretched his back and groaned, his muscles aching from crouching in an awkward position for so long. He was weeding one of the many flower beds in Aunt Helen’s yard, pulling out stubborn roots and runners that had invaded the once tidy beds.
Sherlock shook his head slightly. “No. Merely delayed.” His gaze fell to their hands, and John was overcome with the urge to kiss Sherlock's neck where his collar lay open, unhindered by a tie.
A twisted thought entered his mind, watching his thumbs slide deeper into the fruit. He wondered what it would feel like… His belly warmed, wantonness threading through him.
Sherlock didn’t answer right away, not wanting to be reminded of how soon the summer would end. In three weeks he’d be boarding a train, leaving behind John and returning to his bleak life at university. Time was speeding by far too quickly. Needing to distract himself, he asked his father a question about the bees.
John sighed, closing his eyes. He didn't like talking about it. But he would, for Sherlock. “In Afghanistan, we were on patrol, all very routine, no action in that sector for weeks. Maybe we got sloppy… But we were ambushed.” He paused, collecting his thoughts.
He dozed another half hour, finally waking to the sound of a murmuring conversation by the kitchen door. He recognized John and Mrs. Hudson’s voices but couldn't make out their words. He rose and draped the blanket around his shoulders like a cape, then padded to the kitchen.
John withdrew and collapsed partially on top of Sherlock, greedy for his mouth, his hands wending into his hair. Come trickled onto the sheets, their skin glowing from their exertion. John couldn't recall a time he'd ever felt more alive or content. Their fingers stroked cheekbones, their lips moved slow as honey, their eyes speaking quiet volumes in the dim light.
John’s fingers played over the soft creases of the sheets. It had been love, he now knew. He had often told himself it was something else -- youthful infatuation, lust -- downplaying the intensity in order to focus on his career. He had convinced himself it was not the kind of relationship that could last, certainly not when it was forbidden and unlawful.
Mrs. Holmes didn't seem to notice his distraction. “You've been particularly helpful to your father during Thomas’ absence,” she said. “Thomas sent word that he'll be returning early next week, now that his leg has had a chance to heal.”
His thoughts were cloudy, muddled. He did not want to mistakenly cross a line, didn't want to offend Sherlock with an unwanted advance. Sherlock had said more than once that he was not interested in anything romantic.
She smiles knowingly, then winks -- and vanishes in a glimmer of light, a single red rose petal drifting onto the satin bed cover. They're left speechless, Sherlock still pinned under John’s pliantly warm body.
“No, John. Don’t be ridiculous.” Sherlock huffs out an irritated breath, fixing his eyes on a distant point over John’s shoulder. He can’t look at the carousel behind John, all garish colors and grotesque animals speared through with gilded poles.
Sherlock slides his eyes over to John, to the white t-shirt molded over his chest, the tempting cleft in his chin, the shadow of his lashes inked across his cheek. What if, he contemplates, his own subconscious has served as the engine driving the events of the evening to this moment?
Dad said good-bye to us at the top of the stairs. He gave me a kiss on my forehead. “Be good. I’ll see you soon.”
This was what he had craved -- the unpredictable -- and now it was happening. He tensed, suddenly unsure how much further he wanted things to go.
Sherlock parked the Vauxhall near a stand of trees, the quiet somehow seeming loud after the growl of the engine. They looked out at the horizon, a three-quarters moon rising above the lake, silver light rippling across the water’s surface. They passed the flask between them two more times.
There’s a rough sort of confession in Sherlock’s voice that heightens John’s senses and draws him closer. Sherlock is nearly naked in front of him, the long curve of his neck pronounced as he averts his gaze. John can smell the sharp, clean scent of soap on Sherlock’s skin, the slight almond sweetness of his shampoo. His chest is pale, his nipples beaded, his belly flat, a thin trail of dark hair leading to his groin.
He soon locates Sherlock lying on the sofa, his shoes still on and his travel bag slumped on the floor. John smiles as he takes off his own shoes, then pads closer, cautiously hoping Sherlock might be a tiny bit awake.
“Sorry to come by without calling, but I was out for a ride…” John jabbed a thumb at his bicycle. “I… Er, I have your manuscript.”
Sherlock ends the call, then withdraws the three photographs from his pocket. He crawls under the bed covers, sifting through the pictures. His eyes soon grow heavy and he sets the photos aside, sinking down into his pillow, the gaze of J. Watson burned into his memory.
Tender flesh reddened, a fine sweat beaded his brow and upper lip. Heat and lavender twined around him, lulling him into a drowsy state, transporting him back to a long ago summer in his grandmother’s garden.
“Near the end, her husband finally arrived. An old man in a baggy brown cardigan shuffled in and went right to her bed, held her hand, stroked it.
The pool became my refuge. I swam every day, my arms slicing through the water, my ears filled with the sound of my own breath and indistinct roar of other churning bodies. I swam until I was exhausted, tiring myself physically and mentally so I could sleep at night.
He was certain Sherlock felt things; they'd laughed together, supported each other, bickering and joking and working and sitting in companionable silence, exchanging thoughts with a glance or a shrug. They knew each other intimately, and yet they didn't.
“You’re sitting down?” John’s voice goes up in pitch. “Oh, that’s just great.” He rattles the handle again. “Can’t you pick the lock or something?”
It wasn’t ideal, not knowing details, but the work helped pass the time, since John had been called away suddenly to fill in for a doctor who’d been injured in an automobile accident. He'd been gone for nearly a week, stuck in some dreary village an hour north of London, staying in a local inn to avoid the long commute.
“Well, it’s only once in a lifetime your former team celebrates being rid of you once and for all. We took a poll in the dressing room and decided it was best to let you go out with a smile, given that you are now officially elderly and so near dea—”
“Hope they cleaned it,” John deadpanned. “Hey, did you have something to do with this? A cheque from the CPS?” He flicked it with his fingernail.
John arrived then, followed by three footmen, every one of them carrying flower arrangements to decorate the table and sideboards.
“She never stops tidying,” Sherlock affirmed. “She’ll die sweeping in some already-clean corner. Your mum was like that?”
“Finish your food and clean your teeth. I have plans for the rest of the evening,” Sherlock ordered, and John needed no second invitation. He swept what was left into the paper bag it had been delivered in, crushed the top of the bag shut and binned it in the kitchen as he passed through to the bath.
Sherlock drew out his water bottle and jetted some into his mouth, casting a glance toward his skybox, where he knew John was watching. They’d joked the previous season when John was out on injured reserve with his not-officially-acknowledged concussion that the two should work out a signal, of Sherlock saying hello to John from his spot in goal. Sherlock found he wished they had, and resolved to settle it before the next game.
Back in his flat, John found a pad of pale yellow sticky notes and a suitably sharp pencil. In a few minutes, he had sketched a smiling snowman holding a pine wreath in its stick-arms, with a banner across the bottom reading “Merry Christmas.” He added a sun in the sky, with a cloud in front so as not to melt the snowman.
,” John grunted. “Fuck, you’re gorgeous.” Sherlock kissed blindly, John’s jaw and the pulse in his throat, until John threw himself upward and back, just enough, just right, shoving in quick and smooth again and again. Sherlock allowed every high-pitched, pleasure-drunk noise he felt moved to make, reveling in the privileges of a truly intimate partner, with whom it was impossible for Sherlock to be too loud, too earnest, overbearing or awkward. John urged him on, matching Sherlock’s cries with his own low groaning grunts and a reeled-out string of
Sherlock started undressing. “They’d better get here soon or they’ll find me braced and waiting,” he threatened, and he could already feel the way his hands would stick and slide on the polished surface of the desk, and how his calf muscles would strain as he rose up on his toes.
The barbecue was delicious, cheap and greasy and sweet-hot so Sherlock’s lips tingled. The film he chose was one he’d seen before, a documentary about an artist he was still not sure whether he admired or derided, and his opinion was no firmer for having viewed it again. He moved barefoot around the hotel bedroom, dressed in his warm-ups, clearing up the refuse of his lunch. He sucked soda through a straw to the very bottom of the paper bucket in which it was served, then followed up the hollow rattle of the final sip with a belch so rotund and sonorous he laughed at himself. Within an hour he’d be on the bus to the rink, and was pleasantly surprised to note his own confidence level, which was very near its usual lofty altitude. He wasn’t sure the Brawlers could win, but he was certain at least he’d get his job done. Perhaps as a treat to himself, he’d arrange a CRUZR date during the second intermission, so he’d have something—someone—to look forward to.
Sherlock harrumphed at the implication he’d been so unforgivably naughty John was unwilling to subject Iain to more time in his company.
The bell went, and he listened but did not move. Mrs Hudson answered; Sherlock should not have let her, after dark, one never knew, and he felt a twinge of guilt over it that drove him to his feet.
Even as Sherlock decided that just this once, he’d pound on the door and give a shout, George’s bedroom door opened and he rumbled out, dressed in jeans and a Brawlers’-logo hooded sweatshirt, rucksack over one shoulder. Though not exceptionally tall—the roster had him listed at 5’11” but Sherlock thought it was rounded upward—George was solidly built, with broad shoulders and thoroughly muscled arms. Alex George was one of the league’s unacknowledged but ever-present enforcers, a decent producer on the ice but with a clear expectation he should pester opponents with hard hits, pushing the envelope on nearly penalty-worthy behaviour, working into his regular course of play stick-grabs, thrown elbows, and covert slashes. If a fight needed starting—or ending—along with veteran Shane Thurston, George was now a Brawlers’ go-to man. He wore his fair hair short and tight to his scalp; tattoos of his parents' names and Celtic knotwork meandered up and down his forearms. His wedding ring was thick and showy, shiny platinum with diamonds in slender rows at its edges. Liked to spend money, clearly. . .or his wife did. Undoubtedly he was up to his neck in debt despite his six-figure annual salary and multi-year contract.
John finished by once again thanking the Thrashers and the fans for the honour of retiring his number, then waited with Kim beside him as the banner bearing his name and number, and the dates of his years with the team, was brought forth with a flourish, rolled tight on its hanging rod. When it was raised and unfurled, the crowd somehow got even louder, and music played, and the GM was making the retirement of Thrashers’ 18 official though whatever he said was largely drowned out and ignored. The banner was affixed to wires and began its ascent to the rafters. John’s face fifty times its usual size, up on the scoreboard, was both smiling and tear-streaked. All players present banged their sticks on the ice, on the floor by the bench, on the boards in front of them, that unique form of applause. Sherlock stood—everyone stood—and he whistled and whooped with the best of them.
, as it had begun as him tracing letters for her to guess, though over time it was much less structured. He practiced his Arabic, which was shockingly rusty, right to left across her shoulder blades, then slowly followed a serpentine route down her spine. After a few minutes he could sense the sinking of her slender arms toward the mattress, and dipped his head to see her mouth had fallen slightly open and her eyes were closed and still. She had John’s same long, gold-blonde eyelashes.
“You’re not doing yourself any favours feeding this beast,” John reminded him gently. “Everything’s as it should be; you know that. You’re the one who taught it to me.”
Sherlock pulled off, panting, a spider’s silk of spit from his lip to the crown of John’s cock. He cheated his knees a bit wider beside John’s chest, rolled his tongue to break the connection. As soon as they’d shed their clothes, John had fallen back on the bed and drawn Sherlock down—with firm hands on hips and thighs—to sit on John’s greedy mouth. Sherlock followed silent cues to grind his spread-open arse against John’s face until his prick was slick with dripping pre-cum smoothed along by his own hand. Long minutes were passed in that exalted formation, watching John’s cock grow harder and darker, thick-veined and twitching as John groaned against him and speared into Sherlock with his strong tongue. At last Sherlock could no longer resist delivering some fraction of the pleasure he was receiving, and arched forward, resettling them both so that they were both breath-held, open-throated, sucking and swallowing with mouths running wet.
The rest of their afternoon was spent in the local park, where Rosie played with some school friends and Sherlock and John received congratulations and prettily-decorated cupcakes from Mrs Hudson, Sherlock’s parents, and others in their small social circle. Rosie required an extra-long bath to calm her down after a day so far out of her routine, with so many people asking her variations of the question, “Are you very happy?” She and John had only been living back at the Baker Street flat for a few weeks, and while of course she was happy, she’d also been out of sorts—waking at night needing reassurance and cuddles—and she’d expressed worry about whether she was really at home for good, not to John and Sherlock, but to their family therapist in a roundabout way during a session that had mostly centered on her playing with a dollhouse and then drawing a ferocious, dragon-like monster with triangular teeth, once she’d had enough of talking. Sherlock patiently combed her hair and read to her, then traced the alphabet across her pyjama-clad back until she dropped off, the judge’s handcrafted mystery animal tucked up beneath her chin. Downstairs, John awaited him with celebratory whisky and then a half-growled invitation to bed.
Sherlock crumpled his nose and made a disgusted sound. “I assure you this is science. I can get you the journal articles.”
Back in the room, Sherlock ordered dinner, flirted openly with Jordan—who smiled and even returned some of Sherlock’s not-so-subtle innuendo but who left without so much as the offer of a hand job. The sun settled itself, sinking, into the far right edge of the view, and Sherlock watched the evening sky over the cove as ardently as if it were a movie.
Play continued, so Sherlock had no choice but to check in and guard the house. Off to his left, Ryan tried repeatedly to stand—only to collapse onto the ice again and again—grunting and growling all the while. The Brawlers got the puck momentarily, the Demons turned it over, and lobbed one at him, but it went wide.
The party was noisy with blaring holiday music, children shouting and laughing, and general chatter among old and new friends. John was ushered to a prettied-up chair in an anteroom that would serve as Santa’s throne. The woman guiding him through the afternoon tucked his cane behind it, smiling all the while. “Just there, when you need it. If you can’t reach, just let me know and I’ll fetch it.” She was kind (obviously), in a particular way that touched him deeply; respectful, considerate, appreciative. Had he met her in different circumstances (for instance, wearing his own clothes and without the white beard glued to his jaw), he might have asked her on a date. He figured he still might.
Sherlock rolled his eyes despite a movie immediately starting in his head of all the ways he would happily allow Coach Lestrade to violate and venerate him. Coach clapped him on the back of the shoulder before taking his leave.
The quarter-hour chimed, reminding John of empty rooms and cosseted sleepers, all quiet, all silence but the faraway muffled ring of the clock. He pressed himself to sit, slow and careful not to disturb Sherlock, folding back only his own side of the bedclothes so Sherlock would not feel the cold. Expert at dressing in the dark, he used the moonlight to half-see the laces of his boots.
“Yes, and thank heavens for that,” Sherlock agreed. In fact, he was rather dreading his first road trip without John, his first with a new suite-mate, an unknown quantity. At least if they’d given him Mellon, he’d know what to expect. Endlessly being shown photos of near-naked puckbunnies on Mellon’s phone, endlessly being reminded of Mellon’s sexual fetish for intercourse with women’s cleavage, endlessly being invited to get thrown out of hotel bars with his teammates. Who knew what Alex George had in store for him?
Sherlock crouched and settled, working from his right to his left, while the three took shots at him, a random assortment of high and low shots, with a third of them aimed at and above his right shoulder. A rhythm was established, giving him just enough time between shots to look for the next one. He saved anything they threw at the five hole, all but one down low on either side of his leg pads, and most of the shots up top, on his glove side or in the middle. Out of about twenty, he only saved one that came in high on his right.
“Goodbye, Olivia.” His voice was deep and serious, not that fake jolly tone so many adults use with kids. I was glad he never did anything annoying like ruffle my hair or chuck my chin.
“Yeah, sorry, I figured I’d come down to check. My shift just ended, and I was curious about the results.”
John appears at midnight, slipping into bed with Sherlock. They murmur a few quiet words then curl into each other, simply being together. Sherlock is half asleep, but notices that John feels cooler to the touch than usual. He wonders about it, but loses track of his thoughts when John kisses him.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock mumbles as she checks his pulse. “I swear someone was in the room with me. Everything went cold, and my chest — there was pressure… couldn’t breathe.”
“I’ll just... clean up…” John stood and began gathering dishes, turning to fuss with the sink, his back to Sherlock.
The month-long trial period of rooming together had come and gone. Over the past few weeks, they'd established a pattern of sharing the limited space of the flat and involving John in Sherlock's work. John didn't -- and couldn't -- go everywhere Sherlock did, given his bad leg, but he had quickly learned what Sherlock did as a consulting detective when he was practically shoved into a cab to race to a crime scene on his first evening after moving into the flat.
John stifles a groan, responding despite his damp jeans and the freezing temperature. “Sort of adds new meaning to ‘snow balls,’” he manages to quip.
The slow strokes soon grew faster, urgency overriding finesse. John grabbed Sherlock’s haunches, hauling him closer; Sherlock hiked his calves over John's shoulders, both bucking and clutching, panting and grunting, Sherlock's hand curling around his leaking cock, fist stroking.
“I like the mornings when you make coffee,” Sherlock finally said. “It means you were up late, watching some terrible spy movie or working on your blog, typing that ridiculous way you do with two fingers… I like to wake up to that warm, toasty scent drifting into my room. It’s cozy.”
Dimmock was a decent bloke, John had decided. A little self-important, perhaps, but he was brighter than Sherlock gave him credit for. He was young and trying to prove himself, just like they all were.
Sherlock pressed his lips tight, not wanting to talk about it within earshot of anyone in the house. He led John outside and stopped by the Vauxhall.
“Listen,” John scooted closer. “I have an idea. I'm going to Rome the last three days before I fly back.” He squeezed Sherlock's leg. “Come with me.”
Sherlock doesn’t object when John takes his hand and leads him to the bed. Sherlock sinks to the mattress, pulling John after him. They cling together, mouths roaming, palms stroking, exploring every angle.
As soon as the piece was finished, he pushed past the flushed faces and admiring comments. He brushed John's elbow and tilted his head toward the door, signaling that he should follow in a few minutes.
“Molly mentioned it in her text,” Sherlock lies. To settle his nerves, he falls into his habit of intense observation, scrutinizing the man in front of him. The lab coat and stethoscope are gone, revealing a plaid shirt in muted colors and well-worn jeans. John’s black coat is cut in a vaguely military style, leather patches at the shoulders. The watch on his wrist is ridiculously expensive. Probably a gift. There’s a faint tan line at his neck. Sherlock glances at his leg with the limp. “Afghanistan or Iraq?”
He cleared his throat a bit, working up the courage to speak. “I’m sorry I cut you off the way I did. I was an arse for burning your letters.”
The concussion. You were supposed to check on the patient every few hours, right? Dad must have been sitting up with Sherlock all night, I reasoned.
Another squeeze of the tube and he slicked John's cock, noting the way John bit his lower lip, the way the pulse in his throat had quickened.
John saw a muscle twitch in Sherlock’s cheek. More brotherly meddling, no doubt. John set his suitcase down to watch the exchange unfold, and to step in, if necessary.
He reached an arm to the bookshelf, pulling out a thick volume with a red cloth cover. The pages fell open easily to the two photographs tucked inside. He gazed at the portrait of John, then at the photo of them together. How he wished he could recapture the feelings of that summer, relive every touch and glance. It was like trying to grasp a wisp of smoke, vapor vanishing between his fingers.
The feather touch of fingertips on his neck made John shiver involuntarily, two thumbs tipping up his chin. John dropped his gaze to Sherlock's mouth again, the perfect Cupid's bow, the swollen bottom lip, and he closed his eyes, not moving, letting Sherlock control the moment. This had to be Sherlock's choice.
John slowed, clearly aware of Sherlock's aroused state, and looked up. Sherlock vacillated between wanting John to continue his attentions and wanting him to stop.
“Ladies and gentlemen, we’re beginning our final descent into New York City. Please make sure your seat backs and tray tables are in the upright and locked positions. We’ll be landing shortly.”
John stops after saying his daughter’s name and turns toward the door, dazed. He doesn't say goodbye, doesn't look back as he vanishes down the steps.
The alcohol and day’s sun made his eyes heavy, and he said good night, going up to his room early. He fell into bed wearing just his shorts, closing his eyes, finally resting.
John isn't so sure, but lets it drop. His unease has not disappeared, but the scotch is dulling the edge a bit.
Sherlock says nothing, still trying to rationalize what he'd experienced upstairs. He kneels by the fireplace, busies himself with logs and kindling, strikes a long match from a container on the mantle. John silently mops up the scotch with a tea towel that had been folded on the table.
John takes a long moment to answer. “I don’t know how to describe it. There’s no sense of time, nothing to measure. It’s restlessness… memories… loneliness… yearning…”
“It’s fine,” John reassures Molly, shooting Sherlock a stern glance. “It’s good for morale. Besides, none of the patients down here are going to complain, right?”
Perhaps he’d been foolish to do this, to act on a whim, carried away by the sun and the smoke and the bees, but he had to take the chance. John glanced away, noticing the hat and netting in the grass. He bent down to retrieve them, handed them back to Sherlock.
John gazed at him. “It looks good.” He dragged his eyes down his frame. “You actually bought jeans.”
It's winter, a Saturday afternoon, the fire glowing in the grate. These are the moments when John is lulled into thinking of how good it could be, the three of them together, cozy and content.
John thought he looked tired, his face drawn, but decided against saying anything. Sherlock wouldn't welcome being mothered by him.
“But you're stuck here with me where nothing ever happens. I'm almost done with school,” I plunged on recklessly. “I could stay with Aunt Harry until I finish, and you could move back to the city and be closer to --” I nearly said his name, but caught myself, “ -- to everything.”
John presses into him, the tip slipping inside. Sherlock’s mouth forms an O, adjusting to the sensation. He feels a lubricating slickness and he briefly wonders how that’s possible. Is it ectoplasm? Bloody hell, what does it matter? He’s fucking a ghost, so anything is possible.
Another silence fell as they both absorbed their confessions. A wall had fallen away, but the atmosphere was too new and delicate to say any more.
“You know I can’t do that, Liv,” he said more gently. “The hours are insane, the pay is unpredictable, and it's certainly not safe. I need to work and make sure you're taken care of.” He half smiled at me again. “All of that was a long time ago.”
John's knees fell open, allowing Sherlock’s talented fingers to cup and gently squeeze the growing bulge in his jeans.
And yet… he realizes it’s a perfect opportunity to pick John’s brain about that comment. He tries to sound nonchalant. “What is it about vampires that people find so… sexy?”
John looked simply stunning. Modern. Stylish. He sported a black three-piece suit with a velvet collar and matching buttons, sleek waistcoat, and a white cotton shirt with a spear tab collar and French cuffs. The finishing touches included a gold silk knit tie, jaunty white pocket square, and black patent leather and suede Oxfords. His hair, grown out a bit longer than usual, was swept back rakishly, the silver strands highlighted by the dark suit.
“Dammit!” A searing pain shot up his right arm. There, in the folds of his sleeve, a honey bee struggled feebly before falling to the grass. He realized he'd moved too quickly when he tore off the gloves, pinching the bee in the crook of his arm.
A drowsy calm filled the room, Sherlock's head resting on his thighs a comforting weight. John's fingers slowed, making small, lazy circles through Sherlock's curls. His eyes felt heavy, his head leaned back against the cushion. Before he knew it, they had both dozed off, giving in to sleep.
John bent low and kissed him before sliding his hands to Sherlock's thighs, arranging his legs. John's shoulders were outlined against the window, silver moonlight illuminating the room. Sherlock bit his bottom lip, trying to relax, focusing on John's soothing caresses, opening to John's patient persistence.
John let the hot water thunder against his back, the pressure unknotting his cramped muscles. His body had been constantly tensed the past three days, angry at Sherlock, embarrassed for having to impose on Greg, tired and irritable after taking on extra work at the clinic. He was going to need all the money he could earn if he wanted to move out and get his own flat.
“Christ…” Sherlock glanced down at the rosy heads pressed together, bobbing in and out of their foreskins, not sure which sensations belonged to his own body and which to John.
They discussed the merits of his system and the details of the case until Mycroft looked at his watch.
“See something you like?” John baited, turning the tables. It was a simple fact. He had a big dick. And right now, only partially aroused, it was impressive. Completely erect, it was unforgettable. Or so he liked to think.
We finally arrive at the flat and Sherlock stirs from his corner. While he pays the driver, I exit the cab and unlock the door to the flat, debating whether or not to wait for him. My nerves propel me up the stairs to the sitting room where I strip off my coat and pry off my shoes. I consider heading straight to my bedroom when Sherlock floats through the door, blocking my escape.
His eyes fell to Sherlock's neck, the hollow of his throat, the curve of collarbone. Here was his addiction, the danger, the beauty, the spark that lit his otherwise mundane life. “I’m not leaving you.”
Harry choked on her mouthful of food, either surprised or amused by the question. “Your dad,” she finally managed to say, “still has a lot to figure out.”
Molly lifted her elbows off the car, unperturbed. She had stopped by Musgrave Hall that morning, dying of curiosity to know what he and John had found out at the crime scene. Sherlock had told her about the discovery in the stream and turning the boomerang over to Dimmock with the promise of remaining anonymous.
John slides his hands around Sherlock’s waist, skimming them under his dressing gown, pulling him against his hips. Sherlock inhales sharply, his cock pressed between their bodies. John’s palms venture lower, cradling Sherlock’s plush arse, kneading his fingers into pliant flesh as he slips his tongue between Sherlock’s parted lips.
“So, get your story filed by deadline?” John asked, resting his cheek in his hand, elbow propped on the bar.
A ghost of a smile flitted over John's face, then disappeared. He placed the card to the side and met Sherlock's eyes. “Why are you here?”
Their body heat co-mingles, warming the air under the covers. John slides his hands up and down Sherlock’s back, slips his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth. “Warming up yet?”  he finally murmurs.
Sherlock pinches the bridge of his nose, struggling with his rational objections. He must remain open to the possibility that science cannot yet adequately explain the phenomena he’s experiencing. He must keep an open mind. He picks up the book again and continues reading, his hands still unsteady.
Sherlock pushed opened the door to his rooms, carefully holding the unopened envelope from John in one hand, a stack of books tucked under his other arm. He was tired after a long day of classes, his shoulders and knuckles sore from another boxing lesson.
It didn’t help that they had been in his aunt’s house, the embroidered Bible verses and crocheted afghans hardly enhancing the mood. But the night had still been wonderful, curling around Sherlock’s back, breathing in the scent of his smoky hair, sleeping peacefully for several hours. Sherlock slipped out of the house well before dawn, returning home before anyone could notice his absence.
He gave it a test ride, remembering how often he and Mycroft used to pedal to the lake a short distance away. They'd spent hours collecting smooth, round stones along the shoreline and studying the creatures that lived in the water. Those days were long past. The last time he'd seen Mycroft was at Christmas; they'd argued and set off one of their mother’s migraines.
The kiss is swift and hard and unexpected, stealing the air from John's lungs. Sherlock's large hands grip his head, thumbs on his cheekbones, fingers in his hair. John inhales sharply through his nose, his body responding before his brain can fully comprehend what is happening.
He spotted a willow tree, its long branches dipping into the water. He pulled John by the hand, leading him beneath the strange canopy of greenery, hiding them from view.
He flips it open, and sepia-toned faces stare back at him. There are portraits of wide-eyed children and somber adults, snapshots of picnics and family gatherings, a fluffy white dog, the exterior of the house in its better days, young people on bicycles, a soldier in uniform.
I tried to say something to Aunt Harry once, coming at the subject from an angle when we were watching a movie at her house. It was romantic comedy (not a very good one) about a couple who meets in a coffee shop and falls in love.
Sherlock slides a glance at John, quietly amazed to be sharing this moment. His thoughts must be written on his face because John is looking at him, his mouth curving up.
But for the next few hours, he and John were alone together. They spent their time rather quietly, biking to the lake, rowing the small boat out onto the water, picnicking on the red plaid blanket, dozing in the shade. When Sherlock woke, John was gazing at him, lying on his side with his head propped in his hand.
“We’ve had a spot of our own bad news, I’m afraid. A telegram arrived from Thomas this afternoon. Seems he’s gone and broken a leg. He’s staying on at his daughter’s to recuperate.” Mr. Holmes looked pointedly at Sherlock. “We’ll need your help outside with the grounds more than ever.”
Sherlock sets the plate on the table. “I was just at the lab. I came back early. I thought you’d be here.”
John readjusts the straps of the two heavy overnight bags, his shoulders aching, and follows Sherlock up the narrow stairs of the inn. John can’t help but notice that Sherlock carries a much lighter load -- the room key, the only room left in the inn, as it happens -- the silver fob glinting in the light.
I glanced out the driver’s window, and my eye was caught by a glint in the side mirror. I tried to make out what was shining, and realized it was the square face of my dad’s watch catching the mid-morning sun.
In some ways, he would love to let the world know they were together. It would be such a relief, ending the caution and secrecy. But, no, it wouldn't be wise. Sherlock is not exactly cut out for the cocktail and hors d'oeuvres crowd, and even less so for the suburbs and family life. That would be a disaster.
Sherlock pictures his chest covered in blood, his body limp on the operating table, cut open, vulnerable. “Lucky” hardly seems like an appropriate word. He doesn’t like thinking about it, doesn’t like being helpless like this. He’s already sick of tubes and needles, the lack of privacy. “How much longer are they keeping me here?”
Sherlock inspects the knife again, wondering who is toying with him. Was it related to the shooting, or something else entirely? Why all this nonsense about ghosts? Why bother to take the knife and stab it here? Was this some sort of message?
Sherlock’s thoughts dissipated when John turned, shifting the covers away from his shoulder. John listed forward, hooking a hand over Sherlock’s hip and placing a sleepy kiss on his upper arm before settling into the bed again. Sherlock pressed against John, enjoying the sensation of John's thighs snugging into his bum.
People were flooding into the streets, the atmosphere of fear and agitation brewing. John really had to leave now. “Sherlock --”
Swallowing a sarcastic retort about his own odd name, Sherlock forced a smile. “Perhaps I'll telephone him now. See if he's available.”
Sherlock narrows his eyes, intrigued and encouraged by John’s particular choice of words. The moment is interrupted by his phone vibrating in his breast pocket. He draws it out and jolt of adrenaline spikes up his spine when he recognizes DI Lestrade’s number.
“Ah, old school mates, are you?” she asked offhandedly, gathering a few supplies before leading them to an area with a canvas backdrop and overstuffed chair.
His arm throbs, along with his sore head. That's what he gets for being careless on a case, he thinks. Stupid. Impatient.
“Sadly, no. Most cases are suspected affairs, stolen valuables, missing persons… an occasional kidnapping…” He glances up. “Even a haunting now and then.”
“You said ‘Victor.’” John stopped twisting the door knob. “You knew a Victor at university, didn't you?”
Frustrated, he rakes his fingers through his hair. Something else is occupying his mind, something he’s been trying to avoid for a very long time. He walks to a window and pulls back the curtain to look down at the street. A few dried leaves swirl in the autumn air, people hunching into their coats as they hurry by.
“Look,” Anthea nudged John and nodded toward a corner of the room. “Donovan and Anderson are at it again.”
Dimmock was close to their age, John noticed, with a boyish face that wouldn't serve him well in his profession. He was the type to cover what he didn't know with brash authority. Sherlock apparently had honed in on this too, and was putting on a little drama that had John trying not to smirk.
Her breathing began to even out, and her patting hand stilled. Sherlock turned his head back to look down at her, mouth parted and soft baby snores sneaking out as she breathed.
Seeing Rosie quite content to stare at Sherlock while he sat, fingers steepled at his lips, and staring into his mind palace – in reality at nothing – John paid full attention to his cooking on the stove, humming under his breath.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and squirmed away from John’s lips, frowning at him with a pink flush on his cheeks. “
Gritting his teeth, John shoved into the door as it opened – damn his bloody shoulder – knocking the edge into Bingley’s face. He followed it open, kicking out Bingley’s feet from under him so he fell onto his back, and then pressed his foot into the man’s sternum and aimed his weapon at his head.
The kidnapping case had ended with a spectacular payout and John spent two, uninterrupted weeks at Baker Street, soaking up time with Rosie as the time to enroll her in preschool loomed.
Her face un-scrunched and she quickly babbled, “Do we have biscuits?” and blinked at John with her eyes all big and eager.
“Weren’t you preparing something?” Sherlock asked as Rosie began poking him in different places, then wait for him to do the same.
Sherlock flicked his gaze up to John, watching him pant in anticipation, then closed his eyes and immediately took the head of John’s cock in his mouth
At the word, Rosie laughed and poked a finger at Sherlock’s nose. He returned with a light tap on hers.
“Always arriving at the worst times.” Sherlock said, with a slight strum on his violin. John assumed that meant that Sherlock was sure Mycroft was gone and he turned to sit right in his chair.
She stopped only when she reached the door, unable to open it with her hands full, and John smiled as he did so for her, calling softly, “Special delivery for Sherlock Holmes.”
, John could see, sitting in Sherlock’s eyes, weighing down his head because it was stuck inside and not being allowed out his mouth. For a man who would spout someone’s life story upon first sight –
Spices. The heady scent of so many bright and earthy spices swirled down the stairs and into the foyer that Sherlock had to stop and inhale again in appreciation. His cold was gone, his throat and nose back to normal, only his voice still a little rough and low.
, he scoffed to himself. He didn't even know what that was anymore. He'd been traveling around the world for ten years, dragging his cameras and a battered laptop from one hell hole to another, photographing war and famine and disaster.
They had immediately unlatched the common door between them, Sherlock soon coming in to flop onto John’s bed with a sigh. John joined him, stretching out.
He really had no idea who Sherlock was or why he'd come to this city. Maybe he should just search his name on the Internet, see what popped up. Everyone left some sort of online trail. And Sherlock Holmes wasn't a common name, after all.
“Well,” Sherlock finally huffs, dismayed at the mix of confusing feelings spiking through him, “maybe you shouldn’t talk to ‘strange boys.’” He practically sneers the last two words, then feels foolish.
Sherlock slept in late, burying his head under the covers to block out the insistent sunlight. He finally dressed and wandered downstairs, accepting the marmalade toast and strong tea that the cook, Mrs. Turner, grudgingly offered late-risers for breakfast. The young maid, Elizabeth, bobbed an awkward curtsy as he passed her in the hall.
The tea was only half finished, abandoned and left to grow cold, clothes in a heap on the bedroom floor, bare feet tangled in the sheets.
In two swift steps he had John pressed against the edge of the sink, his lips on his mouth, his hands cupping his jaw, the kettle abandoned.
I wanted him to go on. I let him explore me with fingers and tongue, and I reciprocated, curious, my hand curling around his cock.
John envisioned drawing out the length of Sherlock’s tie with one long, lascivious pull. “Seeing you in a tie is giving me a hard on.”
At midnight, they ate the pears in bed, juice dribbling over their fingers and chins. They shared sweet kisses and soft touches, finally settling under the sheet, John spooning Sherlock.
His full weight sank onto my body afterwards, his lean frame blotting out all that I had seen and heard earlier in the day, replacing it with my own visceral imprint.
Sherlock can’t tell if he or John comes first, waves of intense pleasure drowning him, gushes of sticky warmth spilling onto his belly, sounds that might or might not be coming from his mouth. His body goes limp, utterly drained, and John drapes over him, his weight crushing him into the bed springs.
“I have enemies,” Sherlock offers as a cryptic explanation. He studies the man in front of him, his blue eyes, long lashes, strong jaw. He reaches out and experimentally touches John’s white shirt. He can feel the texture of the fabric, and beneath that a solidity like flesh and bone, yet there’s there’s a translucency to John’s form. The faintest of currents runs under his fingertips, a fine haze clings to his skin where he makes contact. Is it a form of energy? A recombination of matter that can be made visible or invisible, solid or vapor, warm or cold, at will? He’s mesmerized.
John pauses just inside the doorway of the flat and lowers his satchel onto the tatty chair in the corner of the sitting room. He's a few minutes late for his shift with Sherlock, but Molly had reassured him by text that it would be fine. It's only 10 minutes, but he still worries. Withdrawal is never a pleasant process.
John still didn't meet his eyes, instead glancing toward the house as if worried they might be watched. “I don't know. I have a lot to do.”
Grit in the lens be damned. To hell with ‘Don't get involved.’ He tugged impatiently at the tails of John's shirt, freeing them, snaking his palms up the ladder of ribs.
Sherlock is annoyed, ashamed of his weaknesses, generally irritated at the day and everything changing again. “I don't need anybody worrying about me,” he growls, but his anger quickly flares out, ending in a sigh.
Sherlock rests his chin on his steepled fingers. “How’s your leg?” he asks, predicting John’s answer.
John lifts his hips slightly, dragging his cock forward and back over Sherlock's, a deliberate tease, stroking balls and shaft and head with each pass. Sherlock uncurls his tongue into John's mouth, a low moan in his throat.
John looked at him more closely, finding a hesitant vulnerability in Sherlock eyes that he'd never seen before. John's heart beat a little faster. This was it, this was his chance.
The edge of the desk bit into the back of his thighs. He imagined the line pressed into his skin, the telltale red seam imprinted just beneath his buttocks gradually fading as they sipped Earl Grey in the library, John's lips innocently blowing across the top of his tea cup, that same mouth now doing lascivious things to his cock, the scent of their quick tryst still lingering on their fingers.
John leaned a fraction closer. “We could wait,” he let his knee touch Sherlock's beneath the table, “but why?
I was numb, confused, somehow managing to slip silently back down the stairs as if my body had dissolved into millions of tiny weightless particles. I stumbled out the kitchen door and into the cold evening air, walking blindly toward our car parked along the driveway.
John woke gradually, letting memories of last night wash over him, floating in the luxurious knowledge that Sherlock was sleeping next to him. Happiness still glowed in his chest like a warm ember, too fragile for examination, so he let it rest undisturbed, stowed away like a treasure.
John gazes up at him, his hand lifting to Sherlock’s bare chest. He places his fingers carefully near the wound, a wordless question.
He walked to the library and closed the door, composing himself before lifting the receiver. “This is Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock told him about Molly's job at the hospital and how he often saw her in the course of his work.
“Clover, and a bit of lavender and thyme, I think,” Mr. Holmes suggested. “And a touch of rose, I like to fancy.”
Before that, Sherlock had slowly stepped down his work, staying out of the limelight, lowering his profile. It was all for Dad and me, trying to make the transition to their new life together as non-public as possible.
His muscles ached, punished by a chase through the streets, leaps over fences and low walls, a scuffle of fists and knees when he finally snagged the thief by the collar and toppled him to the ground.
“Yes, but I'm the doctor,” he says firmly, taking Sherlock's hand into his own. He dresses the cut slowly, the kitchen filling with an herbal and citrus scent. He can hear his own watch ticking. Sherlock's gaze is fixed on the tea mugs, his expression somber.
By the time he refilled my cup, I learned that Dad had accompanied Sherlock on what was supposed to be an uneventful visit to an abandoned warehouse to check out a lead on a counterfeiting operation. Unfortunately, they surprised one of the forgers, who was armed. A bullet grazed the top of Dad’s leg. Sherlock knocked out the shooter, helped bind up Dad’s injury, left an anonymous tip for Scotland Yard, and brought him back here.
“I was sleep deprived, thought I was hallucinating. But the next day I checked the records. A 19-year-old private had died in that bed two nights before. That shook me -- made me question everything.”
The hotel, like the surrounding neighborhood, was quiet, much of the city emptied for the summer holidays. The rooms were handsomely appointed with large beds and private bathrooms, the sheets and towels a much higher quality than John was accustomed to. John’s room was on the corner of the building and caught a refreshing cross breeze with the windows open.
“Sherlock Holmes,” the man said, and at last turned his focus on John. Bright blue-eyed focus that made him feel he was being evaluated from the ends of his fringe to the polish on his wingtip brogues. Sherlock offered his hand and John stepped forward to shake it.
There was a half-second pause before John made a show of licking his palm and thrusting it down out of sight. “Race you,” he said, and his mouth tightened into an unvoiced
“All right. It wasn’t so bad talking to the kids, taking the photos and that,” he admitted. “They were so excited.”
“That chimney sweep had his eye on you,” he said, with something like accusation in it, which Sherlock found puzzling. The sweep had arrived six minutes past the appointed hour and had not brought a helper to hold his ladder, so had pressed John into service while he made his climbs onto various sections of Stonefield’s roof, and had looked annoyingly amused when Sherlock insisted he wait to be paid until Sherlock was assured the blockage in the western flue had been completely removed; he would tolerate no more black smoke backing up into the withdrawing rooms.
There was an open bottle on his bedside table—his contract rider required red wine—that he and his guest had swigged from when their mouths became dry from panting, still mostly full. Sherlock grabbed it around the neck and thrust it to his mouth, taking deep draughts, swallowing noisily. He licked his lips and got into bed, balanced the bottle between his thighs and reached for the open pack of cigarettes on the nightstand. Once he’d lit one and taken a long drag, he maneuvered the green glass ashtray closer to the edge of the table where he could reach it better. He sighed out the smoke, feeling rattled.
“Have a seat, won’t you?” Sherlock offered, his brusque, bored tone at odds with the proper etiquette.
Sherlock had eventually—somewhat reluctantly—agreed it was likely better for John to make an active go at staying alive, at least until Rosie was self-sufficient enough to fix her own breakfasts and tie her own shoes, and so allowed John to pick and choose. Texts and video chats kept him involved, at a safe distance. When Rosie started school, he began to fill his days, and his bank account, with per diem work at various clinics. He still wrote up the cases, though not all of them, and readers of his blog commented on the change in tone over time, less exuberant, more formulaic. Distant from the subject; more
century papers. The slides had taken nine days to prepare; he wrote his notes longhand and was mildly shocked at how far his handwriting had deteriorated. He thought he remembered it used to be elegant in its precision, square and upright, but now it was slanted, unpredictably sized. Too much typing. Too much texting. Even notices of having gone out for milk were no longer scrawled on envelope-backs, but rather tapped and swiped onto screens with bare fingerpads. Not a week before, he’d noticed an inability to straighten the thumb of his left hand, and since cybernetic enhancements to his own, troublesome body still seemed far over the horizon, decided it might at last be time to riot against technology—get a rotary telephone, write a letter, drape a bedsheet over the television screen. But then what of his lovely new microscope, with its electronic focusing and LED light and vision-protecting tinted lens?
“I also have a rather pressing need for outside opinions. You’ll do.” The man beckoned near-violently with one hand and John found himself following him up the stairs to 221B--a much larger if not necessarily nicer flat than his own. The man skipped one of the steps near the top of the flight; when John hit it, it gave a deep squealching groan. “Giveaway stair,” the man said, absently.
“Oh, Watson!” he exhaled, with stageworthy drama and a melancholy shake of his head. His hair was positively mad, not just free from its pomaded, barely-tame standard, but truly wild two hours after a bath without further tending. His cheeks were flushed hotly pink, as was his neck and most of his chest. The bottle of Scotch whisky he’d been gifted by the Colonel at Christmastide leaned half-empty against his side.
He was finally playing his game, and the frantic feeling he’d struggled against for too long had made itself scarce. His goal crease was his domain, and he controlled it. He saw every puck coming at him. He moved well. He was quick when he needed to be, big when he needed to be, and stick-side-high was seeming less like an obvious blind spot. Mutual trust with his teammates had returned; they kept pucks away from him, and when they couldn’t, they knew he was there to do the job.
“Does it matter?” Sherlock was exasperated. Perhaps feeling a bit guilty. But he’d been the one refused access to their ill child while the
John twisted his lips between his teeth. “I’m sure he does,” he nodded at her. “We’ll talk about it later. In, in, your teacher’s waiting for you.” He pulled open the door and waved her through, following behind to help her change her shoes.
Sherlock huffed a breath of a laugh through his nostrils. “True enough. Things he thinks are a waste of his superior brain.”
Sherlock growled frustration and rolled away before they got carried off on that particular tangent.
John sucked a gasp, then sighed it out shakily. “I was half-mad by the time he finally started sucking my cock. So close so fast.”
“Christ,” John muttered, and followed it with a tension-release laugh. “Shouldn’t have started this. Can we go?”
“I haven’t said anything,” John repeated, holding his hands up in surrender, or as a shield. “I understand about parents; I had my own.”
“I’ll accept with pleasure, in that case,” Sherlock acquiesced. Parties—other than those thrown weekly inside repurposed warehouses, with cover charges and rotating themes, decorated with go-go boys and lit by neon—were not exactly his area, but if attending a family fete would please John Watson, Sherlock did not need to be asked twice.
“How’s Rosie?” Molly asked, and Sherlock felt her watching him from the other side of the lab bench. She never wore her white coat anymore, and she’d had her hair cut up near her jaw. Clicking heels. Matching pullover and cardigan and a single pearl on a fine gold chain. The feminine uniform of middle management.
In an unsettling juxtaposition of cuisines, the curry shop dropped two complimentary gingerbread biscuits in the bag with Sherlock’s goat and John’s lamb. They were from a shop--appeared to be from a box full, separated out and individually re-wrapped in cling film--and nothing to get terribly excited about, but John found himself considering pocketing both.
It was this prettiest one John plucked up and set between his teeth, learning weight and texture. It smell-tasted of Sherlock’s favoured tobacco, of the bowl’s ash and soot layer that protected the wood and cradled the leaves Sherlock expertly packed inside.
Mired as he was in a remembered dream of the worst of times, Sherlock was startled by the click of the interior door opening as the light died. John reached to swing the bedroom door shut, didn’t miss a step of the familiar journey around to the far side of the bed, even in total dark. Sherlock could make out his silhouette, heard the dull ring of his belt buckle and the shush of his jeans falling around his ankles. He unbuttoned a few buttons then worked his shirt up and over his head. His hands along his sides, catching the waistband of his boxers and letting them fall. He reached for the covers; Sherlock helped hold them back.
John returned to the bed, lay on his back in the dark, just listening, getting warm. Reminded himself to breathe. . .breathe. . .
“He does always say that,” Rosie said, nodding, with an almost-comical, beyond-her-years casual shrug. “Maybe tomorrow, then.”
“Don’t sound so edgy, it’s a good thing. Mine forwarded me a message from those girls with the blog. BSN approached them about developing a television show.”
“For you, it certainly seems to be,” John replied, trying to hide his amusement behind his sympathy for Sherlock’s sorry state.
Putting John in the car to the airport was weirdly difficult, despite the fact they’d be back together at home in Boston in only a few days. The glow of having given John the ring—and a commitment—left Sherlock feeling a bit giddy, sentimental, and. . .
Sherlock had a packet of slick beside him on the mattress already, and so tore its corner with his teeth as he kicked down the covers.
Sherlock massaged his bollocks, skimmed his fingertips along his length, teasing his prick closer to attention.
Footsteps overhead, the creaking of old floors. He didn’t think, didn’t talk himself out of it. Pulled the quilt off the bed as he went, feet into slippers, wrapped himself and went upstairs.
Sherlock only gave Mycroft a narrow-eyed glare, unsure of his intention. Mycroft waved him off. “Notable because we’ve never been much privy to that part of your life.”
John was so still and silent Sherlock couldn’t locate him, didn’t want to disturb him but still slid a hand along the mattress until his wrist met John’s warm skin. Low back, he was lying on his side, facing away. Sherlock dragged the backs of his fingers upward beside John’s spine for a few inches, then left him to sleep. The brief encounter gave him a map; drapery-covered French doors to his right, bath to his left, suitcases open on the floor in the corner past his foot. Hotel bed so high his feet would not touch the floor if he sat up on its edge, which he was tempted to do—sometimes it was best to surrender the fight and leave the bed, get on with other things. Sleep seemed near enough, though, that it might find him again, and so he stayed, and drew out one leg from beneath the covers, rested it on top of the duvet.
“Tell you what. When you’re with Sherlock tomorrow after school, you can put him on the case, and I’m sure he’ll sort it all out. He’ll send me Lulu’s mum’s number, and we can arrange a playdate for you here at our playground, some afternoon or on a weekend. How’s that sound?”
As John let himself back into the strange flat, Sherlock was half-slumped on the sofa, miles-long legs extended, ankles crossed, one heel on the coffee table. He dragged his fingers through his hair, dug in and scratched, disarranging the dark waves in a way that made John wonder if he was being secretly filmed for a prank; it was too much. He cleared his throat.
He was sprawled down, head leaned onto his hand and covering his eyes. He was awake, from the way his leg was bouncing.
While Sherlock’s strops always seemed to outdo the last, whether he’s extremely broody or strung out on nicotine patches, none compare to the strops of John Hamish Watson.
She was as quiet as she’d been when clutching John’s leg, now latched onto Sherlock’s torso. She must have murmured something to him when he’d let her into his arms, as he replied almost immediately, “I said I’d be alright, my dear.”
Sherlock was laid across his bed on his uninjured side, an arm curled under his head, still wearing his suit pants and dress shirt, a dark blue. John’s laptop was open beside him, and he was typing with one hand, but he stopped to watch Rosie come up by his head and place the plate of biscuits in his eyeline.
Rosie made a small ‘oh’ sound and went back to inspecting the piece herself, turning it over and over in her hands. John watched her doing this and brushed a few of her curls out of her eyes that didn’t seem to bother her, but he did anyway.
She froze, and both men waited as she thought, gazes locked. Sherlock was a bit mirthful, that all-knowing smirk on his lips, while John’s only betrayal to the tired lines of his face was the bright interest in his eyes.
And please, if I have incorrectly represented PTSD with John's attitude or behavior, tell me so that I can fix it and do this subject justice.
Apparently three biscuits were too many, as normal bedtime had passed and Rosie was still bouncing, still playing and when it went downhill, John could tell it was either going to be exhaustion or tantrum.
“Oh.” John murmured, sitting back in his chair. His blood was still a little hot from his earlier frustration, but his shoulders relaxed and jaw unclenched as he kept watching his daughter explore the toy skull.
“She’s asleep John, and you can barely look at her. However, your animosity is purely self-motived and self-directed, which is understandable, but she is not even of an age where she will become resent –”
When they’d all settled, Rosie giving a long yawn, John sighed. Sherlock looked at him, and seemed resigned to putting Rosie to bed, pointing his chin to the stairs. He hadn’t gone to bed without Rosie for a while now, but Sherlock more than deserved John’s trust.
I am still taking prompts for this ship, as well as others I have previously written for. If you would like to request one not previously written for, please ask! You guys are always creative, and I adore hearing your prompts.
And Rosie ran back into the room, clutching her plushie duckling and giggling excitedly. John let out a short gasp, and let his hand slide away from Sherlock’s hair as Rosie tossed the toy onto the bed and extended her arms to John.
John froze, a chill gone down his spine. Mycroft knew what was going on, had probably guessed it from some CCTV footage months ago, if not from John’s obvious behavior. He knew Sherlock flitted through his experiments, on to the next as soon as the previous was over.
John might’ve attempted small talk with Mycroft, but besides most of their conversations being Mycroft hiding half of everything he meant behind fancy phrases, John doubted he could look in the eye of the man whose brother he was currently gagging for.
He strummed another chord, this time just a basic soothing one, and John’s gaze jumped up to his hands. Sherlock strummed again, this time lowering the instrument from his chin and tilting his head up.
“John.” Sherlock called, barely above a breath. Rosie didn’t stir, but neither did John. Sherlock cleared his throat, a bit louder and John peeked out at him from the space between his index finger and thumb.
“Oh, of course!” She set a great set of bags by the door – more clothes, John presumed – and then proceeded to slowly make her way out of the room, waving goodbye to Rosie and sending them thinly veiled assumptions – Sherlock was still perched in his lap, to be honest…they both knew why.
Her scowl deepened and Rosie made a soft sound to herself. She reached out again and curled her fingers into Sherlock’s pants, and attempted (though she had never before) to pull herself up onto Sherlock’s chair purely by her own strength.
Sherlock sighed into it, reaching up to gently lay his hand along the side of John’s face even though John was holding onto him as though he would run away. When he reached back to steady himself on the edge of the table, John just pressed him into it and separated their lips, leaving them both panting.
John was not a small man, though his cock was thicker than it was long, and Sherlock had what he couldn’t take in one hand, stroking lightly as he sucked him off. Soon though, his lips had reached his own knuckles, and John gasped out a breath as Sherlock moved his hand to John’s thigh and began to slide his mouth back up his cock, then down, taking just a little more of John each time.
“Sherlock,” he chuckled as Sherlock tried to push against him, ducking forward to mouth at his jaw, near his ear. “wait a minute.”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked up and met with John’s, a small smile across his face. John’s chest lifted at the sight.
Hearing that in Sherlock’s posh voice, John groaned and finally carded his fingers into the curls on one side of Sherlock’s head. Sherlock gave him a quick grin before John guided him back onto his cock, sucking him again quickly and bracing his hands around John’s thighs.
John wasn’t as overwhelmed by the anxious feeling crawling around in his stomach, practiced from battle to remain in control, though his heart was pumping loud in his ears again. They’d been doing this ridiculous dance, but John wasn’t worried now that Sherlock was going to lose interest. He knew he wouldn’t, like Sherlock knew John had needed life with a consulting detective to fix a psychosomatic limp.
Sirens chirped from the street outside, and Sherlock grunted again, possibly from being yanked up by the stomping man, who growled, “Bingley, deal with Watson, who has so obviously arrived.”
“Mrs. Hudson is right, it’s almost Rosie’s bedtime.” John said, though his attention was focused on Sherlock’s lips.
Her little hands patted the duvet, and Sherlock moved the laptop away and the plate to its spot as Rosie pulled herself up enough onto her tiptoes so she could see Sherlock. She’d need help to get up any father, but she seemed content.
He sighed and pressed another long kiss onto Sherlock’s mouth until Sherlock shifted, rubbing against John’s interested cock. John moaned, but pulled away, holding Sherlock’s hips back with his one hold.
A warning to anyone who is affected or triggered by PTSD, as it is heavily mentioned and experienced by multiple characters in this chapter.
“John, it was just terrible! Come back from the shops, and there was Rosie, all by herself right on the stoop!” John looked down at Rosie, as though she would corroborate the story, but she was still quiet, arms wrapped around John’s leg. “And I called for Sherlock, I can assure you, I pounded on the
There was another scuffle, and Sherlock grunted as he was thrown to the floor; the sound of his phone shattering against the wall soon after.
John held Sherlock’s forearm in one hand, and with the other was gingerly tracing the purpled bruise vaguely in the shape of his nightmare-strengthened grip. His gaze was just as focused, brows furrowed, a crease in the middle. His lips were slightly parted and breathing slow.
She seemed perfectly content, especially since being cooped up inside had been getting on the entire flat’s nerves. But so far, Rosie had been without whimpering or a tantrum since Sherlock had obviously distracted her.
Sherlock suddenly looked down at his fingers, twiddling them, until he seemed frustrated with himself. Pursing his lips, he stood swiftly from the sofa to start wearing more of a line in the rug. John watched him, following the back and forth of his pacing.
Mycroft was silent for a moment, then said, “This has been popping up across Enfield.” He took a step forward to toss a file onto Sherlock’s chest, which John’s gaze followed. “Too public to get involved myself.”
Sherlock let out a laugh, striding towards John in one, great step, beaming as he said, “Of course you do, I should’ve known.”
“I’m sorry she distracted you.” John cleared his throat and rubbed his hand on the back of his neck. He started forward again toward Rosie and Sherlock as he continued, “I know you have this case and if she’s being a bother-”
John grimaced, hopefully inwardly, because two inquisitive, but not quite surroundings-aware people in the apartment might just end him.
“Rosie.” He tilted his head, and left the urging for more information open to his daughter, without demanding it instead.
Sherlock adjusted his head to look down at her. Her curls were quite all over the place and she was still dressed in her bunny-covered pajamas. Gift from Molly, of course. Utterly ridiculous.
And John had become quite dependent on Sherlock announcing every visitor to the flat, so he truly wasn’t paying attention, and much less able to think that Sherlock would be distracted as well, until the bright peal of laughter erupted behind them and Mrs. Hudson’s knowing tone rang out, “Boys, we’re back from the shops!”
Apparently, Sherlock was as eager to get Mycroft out of Baker Street as John, shutting the file closed with a quiet smack and tossing it onto the floor.
John puttered around the kitchen, talking softly to Rosie who was watching him with rapt attention, a yellow teething ring held in one hand.
“She likes it.” Sherlock answers, picking up a faded piece of paper from his far left and comparing it to a modern map of Camden.
“It’s not a bother, John.” This stopped John in his tracks, arms outstretched to retrieve Rosie. Sherlock brushed a blonde curl from her face, which made her scrunch up her nose when it tickled. “Not a bother.”
Sherlock moved from person to person, station to station, offering food and drink and conversation, gliding like a dancer in a wide, wobbly figure-eight around the flat. About an hour into the party, he put a pause to the background of John’s atomic-cocktail holiday playlist and took up his violin--played just long enough that his guests felt entertained and even a bit spoilt, but not so long that anyone became restless. John stood by the mantel and couldn’t help but peruse the remaining items on Sherlock’s wishlist, still hanging there as part of the decor, still stabbed in place with a folding knife. He was slightly stunned to find his snowman sketch on its little sticky note had been framed and set on the mantel as part of the wintry scene Sherlock had created there.
featuring a crazy YES—we’re taking this story seriously but we’re still us. Watch out, here it comes.)
Sherlock poured him tea and they talked about the city, and other cities they’d visited or longed to visit. Sherlock’s cases. John’s surgeries. Favourite books and films and foods. John never learned whether it was midnight or just before dawn, and Sherlock never made him feel a dead-dark nighttime visit was anything out of the ordinary.
“Quite sad, yeah,” John agreed with a grin. As Sherlock poured, John picked up a jam biscuit and ate it in a single bite, humming pleasure at its crumbly sweetness. Noticing the bottle in Sherlock’s hand, John quickly swallowed and asked in astonishment, “Is that a Macallan 25?”
“The wreath on my door.” When John had returned that afternoon from a few hours spent in the company of OAPs, students, and the homeless at the library, he’d discovered a small pine wreath hung on the door to 221C, decorated with white and ice-blue ribbons and a sprinkling of gold glitter.
John had been running on empty for months. In two hours, he was filled to bursting. Exhausting as it was, even with his noise-induced headache and the discomfort of the costume, he felt luckier than ever he had.
John was waiting in a car for him once Sherlock was steered out of the arena, and greeted him with a bright expression and a warm kiss, one hand on Sherlock’s thigh and the other on his cheek.
“Not unfairly,” Sherlock allowed. “John. Look. I only want the best for her—and for you, though given the jagged edges of our last few years, I realise that may be difficult to believe.”
He forced a smile, nodding affirmation that all was well, or soon would be, as he shook Lestrade’s hand and they parted ways. Sherlock, desperate for distraction and even a small dose of pain, headed for the gym.
“Great.” John started clearing plates and bottles, crumpled paper napkins. “I was thinking maybe a movie?” he asked, mercifully changing the subject, offering Sherlock a few hours to focus his thoughts elsewhere. “There’s that new horror one, with an actual rubber-suit monster instead of just people pulling each other’s thumbnails out with pliers. At the Common; we can even run over and back if you want to get some conditioning in.”
Sherlock took Rosie to see a film for the sole purpose of having a hundred minutes in which to think. He bought her sweets and popcorn and the smallest possible drink so that she might not have to be escorted to the restroom midway through, and he could try to untangle his inconvenient emotions from facts in evidence so his mind could be more easily focused on his current cases—Mycroft’s horrible one about embezzling that had turned out to be about human trafficking, and just that morning a new one promising some potential excitement as Sherlock tried to prevent a set of separate-but-related bus bombings.
“It’s been nearly four months,” he replied, not really an answer. After a moment’s expectant silence from Molly, who carried on staring, now adding the torment of an expression of sympathetic concern, Sherlock added, “Open school day coming up. She’s made a tri-fold paperboard display on the life cycle of a daisy.”
; that John was seeing the things Sherlock missed by virtue of his expertise and the particular way his brain was coded, and that it added up to
“Yeah.” John drew their entwined hands up and kissed the back of Sherlock’s wrist. “Yeah, I’m getting there. Thanks for asking.”
The laugh sounded scornful though Sherlock could not see Steven’s expression, and didn’t know him well enough to be certain. “Yeah,
. John followed, chasing more kisses as Sherlock backed away toward the bedroom. When he turned, John followed close, so that when Sherlock stopped at the side of the bed, John cozied up against his back, stroked his delicate hands up and down over the surface of Sherlock’s chest, his belly, feeling for his shirt buttons and beginning to work them free of their slots, all the while pressing his lips and the edges of his teeth against the back of Sherlock’s neck, grabbing the collar in a bite and pulling.
