You slow me down!
“Your other wife,” she said.
“John...” Sherlock started, although he wasn’t particularly certain how he intended to end that sentence. Words seemed just beyond him. His tongue was dry and cumbersome.
“What are you doing?” asked Sherlock.
,” John said. “I wasn’t finished with that.”
John nodded again. He didn’t seem capable of speech at the moment. He turned, placed the bottle of wine on the kitchen table, and walked upstairs to the bedroom to take long, shaking breaths into his pillow.
“Oh,” Mrs. Hudson said. She pointed after Sherlock. “He’s like that, isn’t he?”
“Have you read my blog post?” he asked.
“But you’re real too,” you say. “It feels like. I don’t know about the rest of them out there. Could be robots, for all I know. But you aren’t. So I think it’s just us two, then.”
Visions of screaming alarms and sirens and angry police officers dance before your eyes. “There was supposed to be a security system?” you ask.
John rifled through the box of food the O’Sullivans provided for them. There were odds and ends of non-perishable staples. Beans, canned vegetables, a bag of rice. Some bread that should keep for a week or so. Salt, pepper, olive oil. John lifted a bottle out of the box, humming in interest. A bottle of whiskey—a nice one, at that—with a little
“There,” he says. “All right?”
John didn’t exactly consider himself to be an expert on sheep corpses, but he could tell enough of a story from the coagulated blood, condition of the body, and number of flies. “It didn’t happen since we’ve been here,” John said. “I wouldn’t say it happened in the past few hours, either. Maybe yesterday sometime?”
“Sherlock,” John breathed. “What did you do?”
That voice didn’t sound like it was just in his head. His ears detected the sound waves, vibrating through his eardrums and through his cochlear nerve and back into his auditory cortex, where his brain told him two distinct things: the voice he just heard was, in fact, in the room with him; the voice belonged to John Watson.
four is more than we would need—
On the telly, a man dressed as a clown nearly broke down in tears after winning a new cooker. The crowd cheered and the man shook Monty Hall’s hand emphatically.
Sherlock took another step forward. John’s hand remained wrapped around his finger, pressing it to his chest. He could feel the drum of John’s heartbeat beneath it. His other hand still grasped John’s down at their sides. Sherlock’s ears felt fuzzy and he was vaguely aware that his brain was set to a buzzing autopilot, taking action without checking with Sherlock first. “And just what would you have done with those photographs, John?” Sherlock asked. His voice barely seemed his own. It seemed to belong to someone crooning, seductive.
“Uh-huh,” John said. “And they’re hanging in our flat because…?”
However, John was surprised to see that he had no messages from Gilly. The only notifications he had were three texts from Sherlock, received just a few minutes ago. They must have come through while Mrs. Hudson was still yelling at him.
“Actually,” Sherlock said, “the couple behind us—”
John was fairly certain his teeth were going to shatter.
Sherlock’s mobile chimed. John watched Sherlock’s eyes dart across the screen. His expression remained unchanged as he took in the information.
“It’s a journal,” John said. “Declan kept a journal.”
You check your watch. It’s half-noon. “A little late to be opening a shop for the day,” you say.
Sherlock stared into his plate, his fork moving about in a seemingly purposeless manner. He nodded.
“Not particularly,” Sherlock said. “Our interactions before the romantic side of our relationship progressed were all quite intimate in nature anyway. We very much behaved as a couple from the start. Sharing the flat, arranging finances, bickering, working together,” he swallowed, “caring for one another. Becoming romantically involved turned out to be the easiest thing in the world.”
“Right,” John said. “But you knew it was just going to be the two of us tonight?”
“Have you seen him recently?” Lestrade asked.
Sherlock glanced up at John, his eyes narrowed. “I still think you’re wrong,” he said.
The man gave you back the exact amount of money you’d put in his cup throughout the week. Likely the same coins. He remembered you. He saw you with those deep-sea eyes and he remembered you. He kept the coins and gave them back. The whole of it feels so fantastical, something harkening back to those fever dreams you had when they all thought you’d be dead in a day, and you’re glad that he gave the money back after all because you need something tangible just to convince yourself of your own sanity.
Plan 38 seemed a touch far-fetched.
“I kept thinking,” Mary said, her words shattering the silence. “That you were going to get on that plane with him.”
“John…”
“Fucking
Art by
Sherlock made a noise that didn’t sound human and for a moment John thought he was falling, about to crumble against the wall. Then both of Sherlock’s hands were on John’s head, gripping him, shaking with his breaths. John pulled off Sherlock’s cock with a long suck, circling the head with his tongue before sinking back down again, taking his cock in as far as he could. Sherlock’s hands were tensing and relaxing against John’s scalp, at war with himself, holding on to some scrap of control. John touched Sherlock's hand. Squeezed. Nodded.
“Good Christ,” John was muttering. “Good Christ in heaven…”
Sherlock flung a pillow over his head. “
Sherlock’s eyes pressed closed again. He looked pained. “Once,” he said.
(if one knows how to recognize
“Not comforting,” John said, “that.”
all I’ll know is you were mine.
Rosie and the boy looked as if they decided upon a game to play. Rosie was talking to the boy, seemingly listing off a set of instructions. The boy nodded and then laid down on the ground, twisting his body in an awkward angle and sticking his tongue out as if dead.
And Sherlock remembered John too, the perfect press of his body around Sherlock’s cock, the tenor of his voice as he cried out, the way the world whittled away to nothing around them, as if the whole of the universe blinked out of being for a moment solely to let the two of them exist like this.
Sherlock studied the rain outside the window. “You know all emotion is abhorrent to me, Watson,” he said.
Mrs. Hudson appeared at his side. “Are you really serious about that one?” she stage-whispered, gesturing vaguely towards the window, in the direction of wherever it was she assumed Gilly lurked while John wasn’t with her.
On the boat, John’s mobile started to ring.
?” you ask. “Do they see you?”
that’s part relief and part joy, the thrill of figuring out the answer to a riddle that’s stumped you for years, the one you thought didn’t have a solution. The raven and the writing desk.
“Yes you can,” John said, still stroking at Sherlock’s curls.
Sherlock knocked John’s hands off the headboard and shoved him down onto the mattress, his face half-buried in a discarded pillow. He planted a hand between John’s shoulder blades, keeping his chest pressed to the mattress while his other hand had John’s hips raised. Sherlock lifted himself onto a knee and drove downwards into John, changing his angle so that his cock pounded against John’s prostate with each stroke. John wailed into the mattress.
Now, Sherlock rid himself of his pants so quickly it was nearly a magic trick and slipped into bed even faster, barely allowing John a second to glimpse his bare skin. He moved silently, without causing even a shift in the mattress as he slid under the blankets. He seemed to be doing his best to respect John’s space, keeping even so much as a strand of hair as far from John’s side of the bed as he could. He caught John’s eye, and for a moment he seemed as if he were wrestling with saying something rather important.
. You made it through medical school. You’ve read academic articles filled with esoteric bullshit plenty of times before and could even manage to answer questions about them after. But you can barely make heads or tails of what this man is on about. It seems like you’re not alone in your confusion—the hit count on his website is appallingly low, and most posts are devoid of comments. A few people leave messages here and there, some trying to poke holes in his logic, and his responses consist of a systematic dismantling of their personality traits, deepest secrets, and childhood fears. The comments tend to go silent after that, save for a few folks who stick around just long enough to tell him where he can shove it.
“Once, perhaps,” Sherlock said.
“Yeah,” John said, shifting his hand so he could tug Sherlock’s arm tighter to his chest. “Surgeons stripping people of their organs to sell on the black market. Dull.”
Darren cleared his throat. “Ready to shove off?” he asked.
the part of me that keeps the things
Sherlock. I’m handing it over willingly. You are the best and loveliest man I’ve ever known and even now you are standing in front of me with that goddamn debris in your hair and it’s all I can do not to grab you and snog you senseless—” John shook his head. He was losing the point again. “I am the biggest bloody idiot,” he said, “that I didn’t come to my senses sooner.”
he didn’t add. “It’s possible that he needs a bit of time to recover.” His tone was a bit more curt than one might recommend, but John was too tired to care.
but blisters vanish overnight.
“I refuse to be some sort of stand-in until you find the next Mrs. Watson,” Sherlock said, his eyes narrowed, dangerous. “I am terribly sorry that your marriage has failed and that it has taken you longer than expected to find a suitable partner, but the lack of romantic encounters in your life is neither my problem nor my responsibility. Figure it out on your own and leave me the hell out of it.”
John shot back cursory responses to Gilly’s questions about dates and venues and color themes, hoping that would quell the sheer volume of texts. Every time his mobile chimed, he jumped, thinking it was Sherlock. He wasn’t sure his heart could take much more. He tapped out another text to Sherlock.
“Actually…” John started.
button.
John blinked through what appeared to be a sheen of moisture in his eyes. He shook his head, patently refusing himself that glimmer of hope. “I can’t,” he said. “I can’t risk it.”
“I’ll just—” Molly started, pointing towards the door.
in this world filled with simpering men.
“Exactly where it was.”
for there’s a part of me that never has
John certainly couldn’t stop the smile now, so he covered it with a rub of his hand. “All right,” he said. He took a sip of what was left of his tea. It was cooling, but still felt familiar and warm in his mouth. It tasted of home, of England, of Baker Street with Sherlock. Sherlock took a sip of his tea in kind, his eyes remaining fixed on John, observing. John supposed Sherlock could observe if he wished.
It was just the tip of his finger, barely past the first knuckle, but John made a sound like all the oxygen in his body was sucked out. Sherlock’s free hand snaked up from underneath him and clamped over John’s mouth.
“No,” Sherlock said. “But he’ll need regular access to it. He doesn’t come with the tours, and the O’Sullivans certainly don’t ship him over. No, this is someone with his own means of transportation to the island.”
“It’s a lovely old building, isn’t it?” the girl asked.
but find I can’t come close.
“These are where the Islanders used to live,” Conor explained, jogging alongside John. “The houses were small. Only two rooms.”
, his blood was pumping and his brain was firing on all cylinders and he was the one calm thing in the midst of chaos and he
“Good,” Sherlock growled. “Because I can’t stop.” And John barely had time to think before Sherlock was everywhere, all hands and lips and tongue and hips pumping against John’s. Sherlock’s mouth seemed to be all over John at once, kissing and biting at his mouth, his jaw, his neck, his chest. John couldn’t touch Sherlock enough, didn’t have enough hands to feel every piece of skin he wanted, didn’t have long enough limbs to wrap Sherlock up completely. Sherlock moved against him, hips dragging together, and each movement took air from John. The ache was back, throbbing deep in the center of him and crying out for something to which John barely had the capability of putting words.
“I don’t know how to do this,” Sherlock heard himself say. His hands were shaking again, and John’s leg had gone a bit watery before him, bobbing in waves. “John. I don’t know how to do this. I don’t know what I’m doing.”
The Watsons were married the next week. It was a lovely ceremony and about as calm of a reception as John could have anticipated with Sherlock around. Really, if there hadn’t been an attempted murder, the whole evening would have seemed odd. The day was a bit of a whirlwind, but not for the same reasons that everyone told John it would be. In truth, he was still trying to fit the whole of it into his head cleanly.
“Come back for me,” John said. His fingers were in Sherlock’s hair. “Come back.”
“I can be rid of whatever I wish,” Sherlock said, his voice shaking from the cold. “I have control over my mind, John. I have say over what stays and leaves.” Even as he spoke the words, he knew they weren’t quite true.
“See?” Mary said, grinning. “Isn’t that sweet?”
“I can’t kiss you if I can’t keep you,” Sherlock said. “Not anymore. It isn’t fair.”
,” the red-faced man yelled. “
The shamming-Irish bit had come as a complete surprise to John. As the two of them arrived at the Dingle Marina, bags slung over their shoulders, Sherlock began asking around for the O’Sullivans in an Irish accent so fluid it sounded nearly perfect to the untrained ear. Indeed, the passers-by Sherlock inquired with didn’t give him a second look, pointing him towards a small building with a sign reading
“Like,” John grinned, “a werewolf?”
(The world can wait, I have you here)
“I have a theory that the killer is associated in some capacity with one of the rental companies,” Sherlock said. “It is difficult to tell, because each rental property is listed on multiple company websites, but I’ve narrowed the choices down to two and believe that this one—
The title is adapted from a lyric in "Rain Dogs," by Tom Waits, which I feel kinda fits the mood here.
nowhere else I’d rather be.
it was perfect. John made some noise against Sherlock that he didn’t recognize and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back and gripped at his coat so tightly he might have left finger-indentations in the fabric.
They trekked the rest of the way up the hill in silence.
Sherlock nodded. His eyes dropped to the sofa.
“Why did you ask me ‘round while you’re working?” you manage once the two of you emerge from the square and he starts you down a rather densely-packed road.
“Focus.”
towards
we’ll cling to each other instead.
"Did you boys end up seeing the dolphin?" Claire called over her shoulder.
“In more ways than one,” Sherlock said. His nose was against John’s forehead, in his hair. John was sliding towards sleep, warm and content and happy, so goddamn happy in Sherlock’s arms. He could feel Sherlock relax, his muscles going limp, his breathing slipping low and steady. John was perfectly willing to remain in Sherlock’s arms for as long as he was able, however long that would be.
Naked.
There was traffic leaving the city, of course, but Sherlock wove through the cars with a speed that suggested he believed they were somehow impervious to physical damage. John flinched and clutched at the armrest, trying to restrain himself from shouting, cursing, or otherwise doing anything that might distract Sherlock in his endeavor to swerve in front of other cars, leaving only centimeters of space between them. John had offered to drive several times before, but Sherlock informed John that he drove like a gran. That settled that.
“What was the bloodiest case you ever had?” Conor asked.
*           *           *
John pressed his eyes closed.
“Yeah,” John said, forcing himself to make eye contact with Lestrade. “Yeah. Yeah, we’re good.” He knew it was one too many
John rubbed his fingers over the plaster covering the gash in Sherlock’s arm, fingertips swirling over the space where the sutures held his skin together, as if healing could be facilitated through sentiment alone. He scanned Sherlock’s body, searching for other parts of him in need of medical attention. John’s eyes landed on the gash on Sherlock’s throat and he frowned, wetting another piece of gauze with saline.
“I don’t suppose,” John said, “you’ve managed to find a way to stop being dead?”
Sherlock felt his lips curve into a smile. “Don’t take your eyes off me,” Sherlock said. He wrapped his arms tighter around John, holding him up, pulling him closer, guiding his movements on his cock. It was slower this way, more deliberate, each stroke of Sherlock’s cock sending shuddering waves of sensation through the both of their bodies. The two of them moved together, Sherlock thrusting up into John, John meeting his thrusts as best he could. Their faces were so close each shallow exhale fell into the other's mouth. They were barely kissing, lips brushing occasionally, sticking together, tasting the sweat that shone on their faces. They made small, wavering noises, little gasps and moans and whimpers as they moved. John’s arms were wrapped against Sherlock’s shoulders, his hands clutching at Sherlock’s hair. John never took his eyes off Sherlock, not for a moment.
“Yeah,” John said. “Thanks.”
John stepped back, his inspection apparently complete. He carried on staring at Sherlock, arms at his sides. Sherlock carried on staring back. The two of them said nothing. Nothing, of course, needed to be said. The thing that lay between them, the thing that had lain between them for ages now—large and solid and clear as a concrete fact—had transcended words. To speak of it was to stand outside in the middle of a hurricane and state that it was raining, to look upon a disemboweled corpse and declare him murdered. Some facts are too obvious to state and this—this truth of what they were to each other—was now one of them.
shagging me on that mattress of yours, John,” Sherlock said. “I do have standards, you know.”
” Sherlock shouted. “
actually
“He’ll lose his job, of course,” Sherlock said. “Something about an employee with a penchant for lurking outside of cottage windows in the hopes of watching tenants shag isn’t particularly appealing to a rental company, it turns out.”
“Right,” John said. “So. Until the werewolf returns, there’s nothing for us to do but—”
“He’s not the Holiday Killer,” Sherlock said. “Hugh possesses neither the intellect nor sophistication to carry out serial murders.”
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock said. “The lacerations were the least of it.”
“I would urge you,“ Sherlock whispered, “not to do anything stupid.”
“It’s been a while,” John said as Sherlock rubbed a finger in small circles just over his hole. “This. For me.”
“I’m aware,” he said. “Trust me.”
John smiled and settled his cheek against Sherlock’s curls, breathing in the scent of his hair. He smelled warm and posh and loving, and it didn’t hurt that John had been there in the shower with him this morning, watching him as he worked the shampoo into his hair. It was a lovely morning, even after the water ran cold and the two of them grew breathless and pruney.
John still lay on his back in the bed, his head tilted towards Sherlock. His eyes were open, watching him.
“I’ll contact the O’Sullivans,” Sherlock said, nodding in the direction of their cottage. “Arrange for them to send a boat to pick me up in the morning. With any luck, I’ll be back by the evening.” He turned then, starting to walk back up the hill towards the cottage.
“Oh,” Gilly said, “you’ll find that I’m a bit more flexible than your typical serial killer. Do what works, that’s what I say.” She shifted forward on the bed, leaning over Sherlock’s body. She traced along Sherlock’s jaw with the edge of her knife. John twisted in his restraints, but was able to do little besides rattle against the headboard and feel the rope tear at his wrists.
John permitted himself to lean to the side, his shoulder pressing lightly against Sherlock’s. He considered how ludicrous it was that so small a touch was making his heartbeat skitter. He expected Sherlock to pull away, to reject the touch, but he didn’t. Instead, Sherlock pressed back, the warmth of his arm resting against John’s. John smiled despite himself.
under lock and key.
The wind took the desperate sound John made, carrying it along the island. Sherlock’s mouth started to move with a fury and John was suddenly grateful for the sharp incline of the hill underneath him because he certainly couldn’t stand anymore. He cried out and the wind took that sound too, leaving John with nothing.
Unfortunately, there was a tour coming on the hour, and John had roughly forty-five minutes to learn how to speak in a convincing Irish accent. Sherlock was tremendously unsatisfied with his progress thus far.
, John.”
“The tree,” Sherlock said.
“Sounds lovely,” John said, trying to preempt anything nasty Sherlock might have to say about the notion of a tour. He took a deep breath and set up the hill after Claire.
“Yeah,” John said. His fork slapped dumbly against his pasta. “And now I never will.” What little appetite he had was fading rapidly. He finished off the last of his wine. “I should have tried harder,” he said. “For you. I should have tried harder.”
“You’re wrong,” Sherlock said. He wondered if he ought to be putting clothes on as well. He decided against it. “You’re wrong, John.”
The larger man slowed the engine just as they were twenty or so meters away. He put the engine into neutral, the rough sound of the motor dropping off to a low putter. The boat dipped through the waves, drifting closer to Sherlock, carried by its own momentum.
John tried to do math. Their one-year anniversary
Hands on his shoulders. More muffled noises. He thought one of the noises sounded like his name. He couldn’t be sure. A figure leaned in close to him. Sherlock.
Instead, John turned away. Cleared his throat. “What’s bringing all this on?”
He scanned the area once more for Sherlock before forcing himself back inside. He had a wife to get back to now, after all.
“I’ll have you for another eleven,” Sherlock said. “For a start.”
“I’ve loved you from the beginning, you know,” Sherlock said. “And with all of me. Everything I have.” Just above him, the clouds were starting to open up, little drops of rain weeping down on their already-wet bodies. The wind picked up again, and a wave touched at their legs, frothing against the white sand. Sherlock’s eyes were the bluest thing on the island.
Sherlock rested his head back against John’s chest. John could feel him exhale against the fabric of his vest. “That doesn’t make any sense,” he said.
“Sure,” John said. He shifted closer towards the edge of the mattress. He had already made room for Sherlock in the hope that Sherlock would join him and even left a candle burning on the dresser so there would be light as he moved through the room, but felt that it wasn’t possible to give off too many indications that Sherlock was welcome at the moment. Sherlock seemed to require as many indications as he could get today. Save for a few isolated events after Sherlock returned to the island with the money, he seemed uncertain that he could even touch John, let alone share a bed with him.
Sherlock crouched low on the floor, moving around the periphery of the remaining wall, trying to peer out the hole in the side of the house from a different angle.
“Um. Yeah,” John said, which he figured was not wholly a lie. “I thought you said you were free to watch her while I was over here.”
Sherlock nodded rapidly as John tossed the gauze into the trash and began wetting a second with saline. Apologies were a regular part of dressing changes, and Sherlock never seemed to have a good enough grasp over the English language in the moment to explain to John that he had nothing to apologize for. The second piece of gauze swiped over his skin and Sherlock cursed quietly, his eyes squeezing closed.
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s head snapped up. “Present,” he said.
John’s gun didn’t waver. “We don’t have a problem right now,” he said. “Well.
“Yes,” said John, “you do.” He started giggling. “You know more police than anybody I’ve ever met.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mmm?”
Sherlock turned his head towards John. “But you don’t,” he said.
“Sounds like we’ve got a bit of time left before we’re murdered,” John said. “Good to know.”
Sherlock crouched by the fireplace but didn’t appear to be doing very much of anything. He stared into the cold ashes, hands hanging limp over his knees. “You ought to leave,” he said.
important thoughts inside my head.
“The floors were empty,” Sherlock said. “All that remains is this journal, which I presume Declan left behind as a sort of clue.” He was beaming, practically ready to bounce himself off the bed. “And I have a hunch where we might find the flash drive.”
“But their innards looked rather disturbed,” Sherlock said.
Realizing that he hadn’t had time to clean up properly since the day before, John opted for the loo. He still had dried blood caked around his temples and hands, and felt sticky with sweat. He also, he remembered, had some residue on his stomach from his activities with Sherlock the night before that ought to have been washed off long ago. Yes—a wash-up was definitely needed.
“You’re upset with him because you care,” Mary said, closing her book once more. “If this was anybody else—if Mike Stamford managed to explode a pig’s stomach all over the lab at Barts—would you have the same reaction? Would you want to throttle him? Would you come home yelling about it? Would you even think about it for longer than a second?”
“Someone with a boat,” John said. “Someone who can come and go as he pleases.”
Sherlock’s throat had closed up. That thing inside of him was very close to breaking now. He could feel it start to splinter.
“Nearing the Island in five,” Will called back from the front of the boat. “Get ready to board the dinghy and ship off.”
Sherlock sighed, a rough, irritated sound. “Why do you always insist on
“Why didn’t you tell me?” John asked. His voice sounded a bit odd. “Sherlock. Why didn’t you tell me this? Why didn’t you tell me what Moriarty threatened to do?”
“—the people who understand the problem,” John said.
“Shit,” he hissed, popping to his feet. He had a feeling he shouldn’t be in bed with Sherlock Holmes for a chat with his girlfriend. Sherlock rolled over, a sour look on his face.
“Care to go for a walk?” he asked.
“Complete,” Sherlock said. “Utter.”
we’ll call the police. Harder for them to refute his guilt in that instance, although Lord knows they’ll probably try.”
Sherlock had looked bloody breathtaking that night, John remembered. With the lights from the street flickering on his pale skin, his sharp eyes scanning the street, taking in the whole of the night around them, he looked like something that ought to be in the Louvre, some masterpiece for which there could never be a convincing replica, something cordoned off behind thick ropes and surly security guards. Something not to be touched. John, however, had felt his fingers itch just looking at him.
it’s truly elementary!
“Whatever you’re about to say,” Sherlock said before John had even formed a syllable, “I can assure you that it is wholly unnecessary.”
“Will worked out some sort of deal with the Taibhses?” John asked. “For the flash drive?”
was the one apologizing.
at the moment. He ground harder against John. The heat between them was billowing, burning. It was taking over. It was everything.
“To dismantle Moriarty’s network?” John asked.
He was well out of breath by the time he made it to the flat, and not from the exhaustion of running. The thought was a screaming noise in his head—no words, just a blinding hope—but he wouldn’t let himself think it. Not yet.
“I miss him like hell,” John said.
,” he gestured back to the little house, “that wasn’t what I wanted, Sherlock.
He could see the flash of lightning illuminate the room through his closed eyelids and didn’t even have time to brace himself before the crash of thunder came—deafening, rattling at the whole of the cottage. John saw Afghanistan once more in his mind’s eye and felt his panic soar back, rocking through him like whiplash.
John lifted the pot of curry off the stove. The curry smelled rich and delicious, nearly but not quite identical to the dish at Old Delhi. John and Sherlock had been frequent consumers of Old Delhi for a few years, ordering takeout from the restaurant nearly twice a week until Sherlock inadvertently got the place shut down by uncovering some fairly significant money laundering occurring there. Sherlock had considered keeping the information to himself but John made him report it to Scotland Yard. Sherlock pouted for days after. He had really liked their chicken curry.
The two retrieved their bags from the boot of the car and carried them into the cottage. After a brief argument over whether or not to lock the front door (
you. You can feel yourself falling.
And where, John pondered, was he tonight while Mary made arrangements for their daughter, packed up her things, fled the city in fear for her life? Across town, getting shagged senseless by his best mate. Had Mary waited for him to return? Did she want to explain all of this to his face, to say goodbye in person? Had she waited for him as long as she could before scribbling out a note and slipping away into the night? If John had been there, would she have stayed?
“You usually start with your mouth.”
For a while, the only sound in the room was their breathing as it panted, slowed, and stilled, punctuated by the occasional press of lips to lips. It felt as if time had slowed or possibly stopped altogether. Sherlock wished it would never start up again.
John’s head tilted back against the brick wall of the alley. He looked up at Sherlock through half-closed eyes, little smile still stretched across his parted lips. “What do you think?” he asked, his voice a challenge. “You’re the world’s only consulting detective. Make a deduction.”
The answer to that question, of course, was decidedly
“Sorry,” Gilly’s shoulders slumped. “I said I wouldn’t do that, didn’t I? I told you I trust you, and I meant it. If you say there’s nothing between you and Sherlock, I believe you.”
As they drew closer to the edge of the island, John spied what appeared to be the very end of ruins. Little bits of stone emerged from the ground, shining white against the green of the grass. The stones were far too demolished by the elements to see what they once were, but John could just make out that they were in the rough shape of a circle.
John didn’t add.
“God, Sherlock.
Your flat is embarrassingly small. It’s just the one room, really—a bed pushed against the wall and the world’s smallest cooker shoved into the opposite corner. A tiny loo with a perpetually-dripping faucet. The paint on the walls has long since yellowed, and the bloke who lived here before you smoked with wild abandon, so everything smells of stale tobacco. There’s just the one window, and the bulbs in the lamps are weak and faded, giving the place a sense of premature dusk despite the early hour, everything dim and covered in shadow. He doesn’t seem to notice and you have far too much on your mind to even dwell on it very much.
Sherlock’s eyes lifted to John’s, full of surprise. “What?”
“No,” John said. He picked at the label of the jam with his thumbnail. “It’s...nice.” Sherlock’s eyes remained glued to the ground, and John happened to find the jam particularly interesting at the moment.
you text.
that matters.
Hugh cleared his throat. Sherlock stepped away from John, but he kept his eyes on John for a moment longer, not-quite-fake smile lingering on his face. John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and squeezed it tight. He raised his eyebrows at Sherlock.
.” John’s entire body shuddered and his hips started moving again, grinding against Sherlock’s hand. “That. Again. That.
Fitz seemed comprehensive in his search of the room. He examined each corner, poked his head underneath Declan’s dressers, and even scooted underneath the bed, emerging with cobwebs coating his fur. John brushed the cobwebs off of him but Fitz paid them no mind, moving about the room with his nose firmly planted to the ground.
“So he does,” John said, stringing the needle through another piece of Sherlock’s flesh. Sherlock flinched again and his hand dug into John’s side, fingers sinking into his skin with a bruising force. It hurt, but it was worth it. John would take it. He would take the pain, the frustration, the everything, so long as it meant Sherlock was here with him—touching him, looking at him, talking to him about anything, even the bloody Monty Hall problem.
“Yeah,” John said. “And I hated it.”
“You’re ashamed of it,” he says.
John was done pretending like he wasn’t going to touch himself tonight.
A white line of panic shot through Sherlock. He pushed himself backwards on his knees, shoving John away from the spray of the falls. John would need to run soon. “Moriarty,” Sherlock said. “He’s here.”
“I know,” Sherlock said. Something shifted in his face that John didn’t fully understand.
Mary walked into the bedroom just as John was packing the last of his clothes that barely reminded him of Sherlock into a depressingly small number of boxes. She sat on the bed that used to be theirs, the one John hadn’t slept in after he had taken the out, choosing the sofa over Mary’s left side.
“John,” Sherlock whispered.
“When I came to,” John said, “I couldn’t see you. You were completely buried underneath it all and I thought…” His voice wavered, fractured. “I thought…”
Sherlock insisted that Mary wouldn’t be in the city for long. “This is a temporary stop,” he explained, typing madly at his mobile. “The first stop after the airport, that’s the most dangerous. Her business here consists of gaining a new identity and moving onward.”
Sherlock seemed to be staring at something rather intensely at the center of John’s chest. “
The shorter man didn’t look convinced. “Cover me,” he said. “But keep your gun trained on this one. He’s got dumb ideas written all over him.” The man sent a rough kick into John’s gut and John coughed and growled into the tape. “You can handle him once things are square with Holmes.” The man pulled the gun from his waistband. He pulled the clip from the gun for a quick moment, checking the remaining bullets. He smacked the clip back in with the palm of his hand, satisfied.
John blinked. He had forgotten all about the number that the nurse had passed along to him. It felt like ages ago.
and a ridiculous number of cats.
“Breathe,” John said. He grabbed Sherlock’s hand. “Remember? Breathe.” He took a breath, deep and slow, feeling his back expand into Sherlock’s chest.
“Jesus,” John whispered. “I hit you. You were going to tell me that you...how you felt. But you saw...so you didn’t. You panicked. You made up that bloody waiter disguise…” John pressed his eyes closed, not able to look at any part of Sherlock anymore. “And I hit you.” He felt something sick churn in his stomach. “You were vulnerable and hurt and panicked. And I hit you.” He pictured the night again in his mind—diving at Sherlock, throwing the both of them onto the floor. Sherlock’s back smacking against the floor. With force. “Christ,” he said. “Your lacerations. Did I…” His voice wavered a bit, the words caught in his throat. “Did I hurt you?”
“Actually,” John said, “I’m fairly certain it was
In the dream, Sherlock had stood up and moved just behind John. He didn’t say anything, didn’t try to get past John or move him out of the way, just stood there. John wondered if Sherlock needed to get something out of the drawer just in front of him, or perhaps off the counter. John considered that he ought to step to the side and allow Sherlock to reach whatever it was he needed. John didn’t move. He simply stood there, eyes fixed on the electric kettle in front of him. He noticed that his heart rate increased. Sherlock placed a hand on either side of him on the counter, pinning him in.
coming up—when was it? John checked his mobile and pressed his eyes shut. Yesterday. Their anniversary was yesterday. The significance of the date hadn’t once crossed his mind.
“Right,” Sherlock said. “Him too.”
Or rather, two of them.
“American game show,” Sherlock said. “You are presented with three doors, behind one of which is a prize, two of which are goats. You are asked to pick a door, and then—”
Don’t try to keep my head tucked low,
“Seventy-thirty,” Sherlock said. “I’ve done the math.”
And yet I’d gladly volunteer
Will, thankfully, seemed to adopt a similar strategy as he ambled his way up the rocky incline towards the island. “Just the one?”
“Right,” you say again.
“Best not to reason ahead of the data,” Sherlock said. “Still, Conor certainly did
As if on cue, the busker’s music seemed to increase in volume.
John lifted himself onto his elbows, looking as if he just released that last shred of dignity of which he previously spoke so highly. “Why the hell not?” he said.
Sherlock nodded. His eyes were on the gash on John’s head. “You should get that looked after,” he said. “You might have a concussion.” He stared into John’s eyes, checking his pupils. “Are you dizzy?” he asked. “Nauseous?”
“I’d lose control,” Sherlock said. John could feel Sherlock’s lips nudge against the nape of his neck as he spoke. “Of myself. I wouldn’t be able to stop.”
body—who might have been around long enough to notice someone coming in or out.
“Flyers?” asked Angelo.
“We shagged,” John repeated.
“My eyes,” he repeats, and he seems like he doesn’t believe you.
“You imagine?” John said, eyebrows raised. “Yeah. Some sort of explanation might be nice. Anything longer than a
“No,” John said, burying his face in his hands. There was that brick wall again, right in front of him. He could practically feel the sharp ridges of the stone against his hands, under his nails. And that sound again that someone was making. He would say it was him, but he hadn’t heard himself make such a sound before.
John tapped his knuckles against his forehead. Things seemed to be getting worse.
“I never got to finish my thought experiment,” Sherlock said, his mouth against John’s neck. His breath was hot and insistent on John’s skin, and he was using his tongue just right. “They started shooting at us before I could get through the whole of it.”
John hummed, pretending to think. “I suppose the real you has a slight advantage.”
“Why are you helping me, Sherlock?” he asked.
“I want you in me,” John whispered.
Sherlock looked puzzled. “As I’ve said before, John—the fairer sex is your department.”
“Good,” the man said. He turned, gazing back at the island. “I’ll see you soon, Mister Holmes.” With that, he pressed
John wasn’t getting in enough air. He felt dizzy. “So,” he panted, not even sure he was speaking the correct words, “you find that jumper attractive now?”
“One year,” John said. “We couldn’t even make it one bloody year.” He looked up at Sherlock, who seemed uncertain about what to do with the eye contact.
“How was everything?” Sherlock asked. “Today, that is?”
John’s eyes dropped to his teacup once more. He cleared his throat. “After you died. I’d have dreams of you…” he waved a hand in the air, a body cascading from great heights, “falling. And me stuck on the pavement, watching.”
“Bring your gun,” he says, and you suppose you shouldn’t be surprised that he knows about the gun.
“You know who the Taibhse Brothers are?” Will asked. His skin looked pale.
John was standing in the loo, leaning against the counter. He had changed into a plain vest and pyjama bottoms, and had made a half-hearted attempt at straightening his hair. He watched Sherlock as he stood in the tub, one hand still on the shower curtain, water running down his body and dripping from his sopping hair. John’s face was calm, the manner of a man who had done this sort of thing countless times before. Sherlock stared back at him, unsurprised by how normal this all felt, how John waiting for him when he emerged from the shower may as well have been a commonplace event. John handed him a towel as if it was his job in life, one at which he was well-practiced, and Sherlock accepted it without question. He ruffled the towel through his hair, doing his best to wring out his curls.
“Sit up for me,” John said. His voice sounded far too calm.
You wonder if your part in this little adventure is over, just as it so unceremoniously was the other week, after Black Jacket disappeared into his flat. Still, you don’t seem to have been dismissed, so you follow anyway. It feels a touch involuntary, you following.
John blinked and shifted his head, the world slowly coming into focus around him. For a disorienting moment, he had no idea where he was. The room was bright—the sun had long since risen—and all John knew was that he was not in his bed. The mattress was much more comfortable than his and the sheets were softer and there was that hand on his shoulder, rubbing softly.
“Right,” you say. You pat your waistband, where your gun is currently tucked. “And we aren’t calling the police becau—” but his hand claps over your mouth and he is shushing you before you get a chance to finish. You hear a soft grating noise and follow his gaze up to the ceiling, where a tile is being slowly pulled upwards.
“Sherlock,” John said. “I’m here.” He squeezed at Sherlock’s hand. “I’m here. You have me.”
Sherlock ran his fingers across John’s cheek. He considered closing his eyes—it might be easier for everyone involved if he did—but decided against it. He could feel everything in his body fighting to keep the words from escaping his lips. His throat burned at the effort.
John felt as if his throat were in danger of closing in. For him, it felt as if everything had changed, although in a different sort of way nothing had changed at all. It felt as if he were finally seeing the world correctly, the way it had always been. Being with Sherlock, it felt like returning to a home that had always been there waiting for him. Just waiting, while John had been dallying in the street.
“You would have done nothing,” Sherlock said, his voice cold. “Because you were operating in reality and I was not. You wouldn’t have left her. You wouldn’t have rushed to me. You wouldn’t have changed every aspect of your feelings for me simply because I was laboring under the delusion that any sort of relations could occur between the two of us in the first place.” His head shook against the pillow. “I doubt the information would even have stopped you from hitting me.”
. And later, right before we—” Sherlock waved a hand, “you asked me if I knew how long you’ve wanted this.”
“Quite sure,” Sherlock said. “I found them last night. Did quite a bit of research on them. They feed to a remote server. The killer can watch our movements from anywhere. They are expertly placed. Well-hidden, unless one knows exactly where to look. Here.” Sherlock turned John slightly away from the kitchen counter, pointing him towards the corner of the room. “I’m going to pretend to kiss your neck. When I do so, tilt your head and look to the corner of the ceiling. Only for a moment. Make it look as natural as possible.”
He looks as if he’s been expecting you. “Evening,” he says.
You’ve been out of sorts lately.
to touch him, and you’re doing all you can to keep yourself in control and not yank on him but you’re shaking from the effort and you’re going to come soon, soon, so embarrassingly soon. You try to say something, to warn him so he can pull off, but it comes out as more of a whine and he doesn’t seem keen on going anywhere, only picking up speed and swallowing like he knows exactly what it’s doing to you, which he likely does, the bastard. You feel it build and billow and you can’t stop it anymore, couldn’t stop it if there was a gun to your head, don’t want to stop it. You tighten your fingers in his hair and scream and your hips jerk and your cock pulses and you fill his mouth with your come and he takes it, he bloody
Sherlock muttered about sheep for the remainder of the evening and John tried his hand at putting together another edible meal from the motley assortment of food they had in the kitchen. He ended up with another rice-and-beans-and-veg dish, with a slightly different but functionally identical sauce. It was mediocre at best. Sherlock poked at it absently and John couldn’t fault him for his lack of interest.
“Please,” John whispered to the little room. “Please stop being dead.”
John sank inside.
Sherlock said again, grabbing at John’s face, turning his gaze towards himself. John blinked and Sherlock shifted back into focus, the blessed way in which he was speaking and moving and living, still living in front of John. The surgeon coughed and sputtered and spit out fragments of a bloody tooth and John figured it was lucky for the man that Sherlock was alright, still alive. If it had been any other way, the surgeon would be in far more pieces than he was at the moment.
“You know.
[]          []          []
, apparently—and you offer me bloody
Sherlock had said. John thought about how—one by one—the seals had slowly approached them, flopping forward on the beach, growing more and more relaxed in their presence.
“For once,” John said, “that is not the case. And—might I point out—Rosie is six. She doesn't know what the Monty Hall problem
John nuzzled his nose against Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock could feel him smile. “Good,” John said. “Very good.” John wriggled closer and Sherlock felt John’s plumping cock press against him.
“A tree growing on a building?” John asked. “No, I suppose that’s—”
John snorted. The O’Sullivans had gone on about this dolphin that had taken up residence in one of the coves on the peninsula. An unusually friendly dolphin, they had said. Swims alongside boats. Does little flips. Made friends with one of the local fishermen and is always nearby whenever the man’s boat is in the water. They had asked if John and Sherlock were interested in taking the boat by to see the dolphin. Sherlock had never seemed less interested in anything in his life.
John grinned. He slipped his jumper off his arm and Sherlock rid himself of his shirt. Sherlock used John’s vest to clean the mess of John’s chest and John kicked his shoes off, slipping his trousers down his legs. Soon, the both of them were naked. John nestled closer to Sherlock and Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, warm skin pressed to skin.
“I am very particular,” Sherlock said.
“No,” John said. “No. No, not old-fashioned. No.” It was too many
Sherlock’s angry laugh came from the bottom of the stairs. “You’ve been about as helpful as a wax statue,” he said. “I should have just gotten one made. Then you’d be free to stay far away from me, back home with your bloody girlfriend.”
“How long?” John asked.
as your eyes lingered on me.
“You don’t have to protect us,” John said. “Once we get back to London, you don’t have to keep us safe.”
John had said,
Sherlock made a little humming noise. “You plant your roots in precarious places,” he said, “but you plant them strong.”
I’m multitudinous, you’ll find
Sherlock opened his eyes.
He couldn’t breathe. There was no air. He was underwater.
“And I you.”
There is no way that your legs will work if you stand up. The whole of you is throbbing. Your hands are shaking, and your hands
“What would you think about,” Sherlock asked, “while you were touching yourself?”
“Monks sought the seclusion of the island,” Sherlock said. “They believed that the solitude would bring them closer to God.”
For a moment, John could have sworn that Sherlock looked sad. He wavered in front of John, seeming as if he was oscillating between decisions. Then he straightened, apparently having come to one. “I suppose I should go fetch the extra linens,” he said. He moved towards the door briskly.
John felt his face grow warm. He wasn’t particularly sure how to explain the decision to Sherlock. He could barely explain it to himself.
John tilted his head towards Sherlock. “Yeah?”
“—people who apparently deleted the problem.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hold onto me,” John said, slipping the needle through the skin at the opposite side of the gash. Sherlock’s fingers wrapped around John’s waist, a steady pressure against his hip.
“Yeah,” John said. “That’s the problem.”
The anger moaned under the ground, drained and dying.
“Your behaviors aren’t unreasonable, John,” Sherlock said.
This is another chapter where the likelihood of me getting something wrong about Finland is high. I tried my best, but if I made a mistake, I am so sorry! Also, I reiterate that anything negative said about Finland is a reflection of John's state of mind and not Finland itself.
John chuckled. “Only you would find that sort of thing wonderful.” But he was smiling painlessly now, walking along the city streets just as if Sherlock were really at his side, gazing upon the city in all its beautiful dilapidation. A puddle reflected the lights from a shop and it looked like a rainbow. A rat, fat and content, nibbled on a bit of a crisp at the edge of an alleyway. A homeless man burrowed underneath a blanket and belted out a song in a classically-trained baritone (
John took a deep breath. There was much he wanted to say. He wanted to tell Sherlock that waking up with him this morning made him happier than he could fully understand. He wanted to tell Sherlock that these past few days of faking a relationship with him somehow felt more right than nearly a year in an actual relationship with Gilly. He wanted to tell Sherlock that he had spent the full day in a panic, and the only thing slowing his heartbeat at the moment was Sherlock’s physical presence. He wanted to tell Sherlock that their fight nearly broke his heart, that the very idea of Sherlock thinking that John despised the idea of being in any sort of relationship with him turned his stomach. He wanted to tell Sherlock that the only part about this that was unbearable to him was that it was fake, and that when they got back to Baker Street it would all have to end. He wanted to tell Sherlock that he didn’t want it to end.
John shuddered out a few rickety breaths. He reached out with the arm closest to Sherlock, unsure specifically what he was looking for. His fingers brushed against Sherlock’s stomach. Bare, of course.
, Sherlock mouthed, language slipping away for the moment. Sherlock shifted John slightly against him and angled himself so that his cock drove into John’s prostate with each thrust. He picked up speed, slamming into John, pulling John’s hips down against his, watching John’s eyes widen and his mouth drop open as Sherlock’s cock filled him again and again and again and then John broke open. The whole of his body shook with violence and he slammed himself against Sherlock, clenching and shuddering and gasping and screaming, screaming out Sherlock’s name. John’s cock erupted between their bodies, his come spurting and slicking the both of their chests and stomachs.
,” John hissed. His fingers dug into Sherlock’s shoulder in a manner that just crossed the line into
“Jesus Christ,” John said. “I’ll write you a bloody apology letter. How’s that?”
*           *           *
” John shouted, pointing at the door. “
“No tongues, of course,” Sherlock said. “But we’ll still need lip-to-lip contact. No way around it, I’m afraid.” He lifted John’s hand from his hip, holding it just in front of his mouth. “Likely chaste kisses will suffice—romantic partners don’t spend all of their time snogging. Closed lips. Nothing scandalous. But lingering. Longer than you’d kiss a relative.” He pressed a kiss to John’s knuckles, soft and sweet, just long enough to make John’s stomach flutter. A demonstration. Sherlock lifted his eyes to John.
John slid the pillow from underneath his head and handed it to Sherlock.
“Okay,” Sherlock said. “Right. Okay.” He had absolutely no idea why his heart was hammering. He didn’t bother with his clothes this time, crossing to the other side of the bed and slipping underneath the sheets with his trousers on, bloodied button-up still clinging to his chest. If John was in bed covered in sweat and blood, Sherlock figured he could be as well.
“I’ve done the math,” Sherlock said. “Most contestants leave the show with something of cash value, usually around four hundred American dollars. Adjusting for inflation, that is just under three thousand American dollars today. Just over two thousand pounds. Hardly a
John wished that he hadn’t needed to grow so adept at bandaging Sherlock up over the years. He wished that he hadn’t seen the necessity of assembling a veritable surgery underneath their bathroom sink, stock-piling bandages and gauze and latex gloves and suture thread and even a small scalpel as if they were about to turn their flat into a small hospital. He wished that he and Sherlock hadn’t turned the process into a well-choreographed dance at this point, Sherlock heading for the bathroom and peeling his shirt off himself before John could even give him instruction.
“From me,” Sherlock said.
“Yes,” John said. Sherlock sounded wrecked and John would very much like to see him too. Sherlock twisted to the side, fumbling for the lamp on the bedside table. The bulb was dim, not even enough to light the entirety of the room, but John still blinked in the sudden brightness. Then Sherlock was back in front of him. Sherlock took John’s face in his hands and pressed their foreheads together, his eyes bright and wanting, never leaving John’s.
“Yeah,” John said, “because having a goat makes so much more sense in the city.”
“We don’t need to discuss it,” Sherlock repeated, his tone firm.
“The flash drive, Mister Holmes,” the man said into the mobile.
“The concept of family is asinine?” John asked.
There were times when John screamed from frustration or punched a wall or drank himself blind but he had never felt more alive. When he was in the thick of it, when it was
“You don’t think that a criminal gang known for murdering their former colleagues murdered Declan?” John asked. “A man we now know was in with them?”
The couple behind them let out another skull-shattering laugh. Sherlock tightened his grip on the fork, holding it a bit like a weapon.
John shook his head. He gave him a disbelieving, impatient look.
“Of course,” Mary said, slapping on a smile that was so fake even John could see through it. “Something came up. Book club. Completely forgot about it. I’m meant to bring the biscuits.”
Art by
“Well, I’m a doctor,” John said. “And Sherlock…”
John laughed. He ran a hand along Sherlock’s neck, up into his hair. “You usually are,” he said. “But I don’t mind.”
John tilted his head towards Sherlock. Sherlock rarely spoke of his time away, his time allegedly dead, and he was especially careful not to do so around John. Although John never mentioned it, Sherlock certainly knew about John’s old anger, and felt just as wary about poking it as John did. He was right to be cautious, John supposed. Ordinarily, such a comment would have sent the anger groaning from its grave. However, John couldn’t hear a peep from the anger. It would appear that it too was a bit too tired to carry on at the moment.
know everything about me,” John said, chuckling. Sherlock’s eyes were glued to the table.
He decided to leave out that their case-related activity would be to walk around town to provide a serial killer with enough time to dismantle the locks at their cottage. That seemed like a story best told after the fact, when everyone was safe. He put his mobile back in his pocket. He could practically
He goes back to smiling at you—a slow smile, eyes half-mast. He looks like some sort of sleepy jungle cat—a tiger about to take a nap in a tree. He could still tear you to pieces, but at the moment he’s feeling lazy. He reaches into your trouser pocket, fingers grazing your thigh and sending chills through the whole of you. He pulls your mobile from your pocket and taps away at the screen, that little lazy-tiger smile still lounging on his face. He finishes with whatever he was doing and presses the mobile back into your hands. You hear a chime, but it’s not from you. He lifts his mobile from his pocket, shows you the message on the screen.
He finds you.
John took another bite of rice. His body reminded him that it had been bereft of food for quite some time and was a bit more interested in remedying that situation than focusing on murdered sheep. The photographs, as it turned out, weren't slowing him down one bit. “Maybe he doesn’t like sheep,” John said.
John screamed again. The sound dissolved into the air.
“Lestrade put me in touch with the local police,” Sherlock said. “I doubt they are any sharper than the wastes of public resources at Scotland Yard, but it might be nice to have a little backup in the instance of a vengeful serial killer. I’ve let them know of our plans for this evening.”
“All there is to know about me,” he says, “is here for you to see. If you observe.”
Well,
Sherlock ignored him. “And then what happens, Watson?”
“And John?” Sherlock asked. John could hear a slight falter in his voice, a wateriness to his ice.
“Oh?” Sherlock said, smiling lightly against the warmth of John’s body. “Good or bad?” It didn’t happen as frequently anymore, but John still had nightmares on occasion, the ones where Sherlock fell, the ones where he was shot, the ones where he was taken from John. On those nights, Sherlock would wake to John wrapping himself around Sherlock, clutching at him with shaking arms. Sherlock would whisper to him, kiss at his forehead, pull him into his chest and hold him close until John’s breathing was slow and his heartbeat matched Sherlock’s.
John swallowed. He squared his shoulders, looking her in the eye. “Yes,” he said. “I’m sorry, Gilly.”
John raised an eyebrow. “Your point?”
he was coming through the ceiling,” he says. He seems far too excited about the prospect of coming face-to-face with a bank robber. “I
he thought.
Art by
“And then—” he sank his mouth into John’s.
“Ah,” John said. It
At the moment, Sherlock was sprawled on top of him, his nose buried against John’s neck and his curls brushing at John’s cheek. He had an arm pushed under John’s jumper, fingers rubbing slowly across skin, not so much a seduction as a slow exploration. Sherlock seemed to be embarking on a very thorough mapping of the whole of John’s body and John was not at all keen to stop him.
, it sounded like
He ought to wake Sherlock, he knew. He ought to shift away, slide Sherlock back to his side of the bed. Give Sherlock his space. Sharing a bed was part of this little ruse they had going, but
“Back to the cottage,” John said.
He takes you down the street a little ways, then turns left. Then right. Then another left. You still aren’t particularly sure where the two of you are going, and you’re not certain that asking him would provide any additional clarity on the matter.
“Do you know who Pierce Ferriter is?” Connor asked John. He didn’t wait for a response. “He was a hero and a poet from long ago. He lived in Dingle. And on the Island too, for a bit. During the rebellion.”
“First of all,” Sherlock said, returning to his perch on the back of his chair just behind John, his knees on either side of John’s shoulders. “There hasn’t been a single goat on the whole of the show. Has there, Watson?”
old bit of linguini. His head lifted as John approached the door to the kitchen. For a moment, Sherlock almost looked surprised, flustered.
“About homeless people?” you ask.
Sherlock was busy hanging his shirts in the armoire while John eyed the bed once more. It was long enough that Sherlock’s feet were unlikely to dangle off the edge, but it was certainly,
The women by the window were giggling at John after Sherlock left, casting knowing looks at each other.
John needed more, needed to touch Sherlock, needed to make him scream. John reached a hand between the two of them and slid his fingers along Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock let out a moan, his forehead dipping low against John’s. John ran his thumb along the head of Sherlock’s cock, slicking the tight skin in precome. He wrapped his fingers around Sherlock’s shaft, hot and pulsing, and gave his cock a firm tug. Sherlock’s arms shook and he bit at John’s lip, his hips starting to move slowly against John’s hand.
He forced his eyes open again and grit his teeth as his head lodged several loud complaints over his decision. He blinked. He blinked again. The room was small and bare, white tile lining the walls. John’s back was pressed to the wall, his legs splayed out in front of him. The floor was cold and hard and unforgiving, which, John reasoned, was likely why his arse felt a bit sore at the moment. He drew his knees up to his chest and winced. Yes, his arse was apparently quite unhappy about the sleeping arrangements for the night.
“I’ll take your word for it, John,” Sherlock said to the computer. He seemed to be fiddling purposelessly with the keyboard.
. You haven’t the first clue what in the hell is the matter with you. Your coworkers at the surgery ought to be worried about you, were they to notice. Of course, they don’t notice.
“I am poison,” Sherlock said. “No one of sound mind would make a home with me.”
“A drone?” you whisper.
. He couldn’t speak those words of course—no language and all—but he made a little noise, a grunt of sorts, which he thought was quite impressive for his current stage of evolutionary development.
.” He darted out of the open half of the house, down towards the hill that led to the shore. There was a trail of blood—the shooter’s blood—that dotted down the sloping side of the hill. He faintly heard Mary calling after him.
In one particularly busy shop, Sherlock stood behind John and draped his arms around John, resting his nose against John’s hair. He stood there for a moment longer than John thought strictly necessary. His body was warm against John’s and John could feel each of Sherlock’s exhales against his head. Something about Sherlock’s breathing seemed a bit off, although John noticed that he was having trouble breathing evenly himself.
Sherlock nodded, wrapping the suture into a knot as quickly as he could manage without being careless. He needed to get John out of this bathroom as soon as possible, get him reclined and resting, comfortable. Once the knots were properly tied, Sherlock examined his work. The sutures were even, well-spaced and the appropriate degree of tight against the skin. Still, John’s skin looked angry and red, starting to swell a bit around the stitching and dotted with bits of blood. Sherlock frowned, wishing that he had somehow been able to make the wound completely erase itself instead.
“Why were those the facts you chose to share with me?” John asked. “Playing the violin and not talking for days on end? Do you really think that’s the worst about you?”
You smile wider. “Starving.”
“That all took much longer than I expected,” he said. “I’d hoped to explore the whole of the island today.”
ready to admit that miracles were real.
, he said.
“I didn’t know you knew how to make a fire,” John said.
“Take us closer,” the smaller man called over his shoulder. His mate blinked. He switched the engine out of neutral, nudging the boat forward ever so slightly. His fingers were limp on the tiller. He was losing strength.
John didn’t look up from the novel he was reading. “I live here,” he said. “Have for several months now. Did you delete that?”
John said, setting the bullets on his bedside table.
John shook his head. He rubbed his hands over his face. In his mind, he was seeing Sherlock fall from great heights, over and over and over again.
After a while, John watched Sherlock’s head start to bob against the cushions of his chair. His eyes slid shut and his head tilted to the side and his breaths started to come low and deep. His hand still rested on Rosie’s back, keeping her pressed against the rise and fall of his chest. John wasn’t so sure how so lovely a sight could break his heart, but that seemed to be what was happening at the moment.
“Apparently,” Sherlock said, rapidly losing patience, “I don’t.”
John considered ripping out each of the octopus’ fuzzy pink tentacles, one by one.
“Okay,” John said. “Be ready.”
Sherlock gave a little chuckle. He opened his mouth, likely about to say something that John might shush him for, but was interrupted by the sound of screaming.
It reminded John a bit of how he felt about practicing medicine.
“Sherlock?” John asked.
Sherlock had little pieces of grass and dirt along his shirt. He looked a bit rumpled after the scrap, but John was glad to see that he did not appear to be injured. Sherlock watched Hugh with narrowed eyes. He seemed to be thinking intently, deductions careening through his brain at a maddening pace.
“What—” John looked around. “What are you doing?”
“When you fell,” John said. “When you pitched yourself off that building, who was it for?”
“You cheat,” Sherlock murmured.
“What’s something we
“Perhaps so,” Sherlock snapped, “but you are just as dishonest, just as manipulative in your own ways, aren’t you? You are perfectly willing to use said friend for whatever you see fit—lodgings when you’re homeless, finances when you’re destitute, a snogging partner when you’re feeling lonely—”
“Yeah,” John said. “You weren’t bad. Kind. Affectionate.” He nudged Sherlock with an elbow. “Flirty.”
Your mobile chimes all the same.
“For what?” John asked, stepping out of the car and moving towards the boot to retrieve their luggage. He didn’t make it more than two steps before Sherlock was upon him, flinging his arms around John and spinning him in a half-circle until he was dizzily facing the cottage, Sherlock standing just behind him.
“I knew you were oblivious and slow,” Mrs. Hudson said. “But I didn’t think you’d be intentionally
at Mrs. Hudson’s flat, with strict instructions that Rosie was to go in time-out if it turned out she had gotten into the fingers again.
“Good,” John said. He smiled down at Sherlock, his eyes at half-mast. His gaze darted up to Sherlock’s forehead and his brow furrowed. “You’re bleeding again.” He reached forward to the cut along Sherlock’s eyebrow.
John gulped at the knives in his throat and headed down the stairs.
“They fought the whole time,” Sherlock said.
John stood, setting his cup in the sink. He started up the stairs. Sherlock remained at the table for one blinking moment longer, then followed John into the bedroom.
Sherlock followed, walking just a step behind him. “Holding hands is a useful heuristic for onlookers to determine that we are in a relationship,” he said, but his voice was quiet.
“Hush,” John said again, and he wrapped a hand around the nape of Sherlock’s neck and pulled their mouths together.
“And how exactly,” John asked, “are we going to convince the killer that we’re a couple?”
something about the mess, but she would certainly give a look.
“We could have tried,” Sherlock said. He knelt next to the sheep, peering at its sliced middle. The rain had kept the animal wet, its wool matted against its skin and much of the blood around it still glistening in the sunlight. The flies had taken notice of the body immediately, it seemed, and were swarming the carcass like mad. Even Sherlock swatted a few from his face.
Sherlock smiled, a breathy thing, and when he leaned down for a kiss John tightened his legs and pulled Sherlock in further, his cock slowly sliding deeper into him. Sherlock gasped into John’s mouth, going momentarily immobile, and John couldn’t help the grin that started across his face. He could feel his body adapting, stretching, relaxing, bringing Sherlock in. The sharp pain gave way to a feeling of fullness, which gave way to something warm and lovely, something that sparked at his nerve endings and made his breathing hitch. He relaxed his legs around Sherlock’s waist ever so slightly and nodded, a communication that Sherlock was free to move.
“Although I am certainly not expecting any degree of gratitude for identifying and ameliorating your country’s most notorious set of bank robbers, a task the whole of your law enforcement has been unable to accomplish,” Sherlock said, “I do believe a brief
He smiles. “Most likely,” he says. “Most likely indeed.”
John worked a hand between them and wrapped his fingers around both of their cocks. He gave the both of them a squeeze, pulsing without stroking, not just yet. He watched Sherlock’s eyes drop, his breath shudder.
“Sexually,” she said.
“You’re so lovely,” Sherlock breathed.
“I have to know how you feel,” Sherlock said. “I hate not knowing.”
Sherlock looked at John once more, his brow furrowed in a way that suggested John’s question was so inanely obvious that Sherlock was confused by the very act of asking. “Of course it was worth it, John,” Sherlock said. “It was worth it a thousand times over.”
“You aren’t obligated to follow,” Sherlock said. “If you’d rather stay on the path yourself—”
“That you do,” John chuckled. He placed the gauze on Sherlock’s arm. “Hold this just there,” he instructed, fumbling for a bandage.
It’s about you and Sherlock and what you mean to each other.” Her look turned a bit sour. “Or rather, what
“Kiss me,” John said, and his lips brushed against Sherlock’s, those full lips plump on his. He felt Sherlock gasp against him and watched his eyes slide shut and his head tilt and—
John rolled off of Sherlock a shuddering mess, landing on his side and pressing his face into the grass. His lungs were burning and his limbs were tingling and his arse ached in a way that felt perfect. His cock leaked the last remnants of come down his leg and he shook.
“It would seem congratulations are in order,” Sherlock said, and it sounded as if he had to shove himself further onto the blade to even speak. Then he turned and strode from the cottage, leaving John alone with his fiancé.
“Is it?”
“We did indeed,” Sherlock said. “Although technically it wasn’t a werewolf at all. It was a ghost. Two ghosts. Next time, be a bit more precise in your descriptions, Conor.”
The edge of the knife pressed to John’s throat, digging into skin just enough to bite.
“So,” Gilly said. “You tried out the clawfoot tub, then?”
Once in bed, John found that he was far from tired. He and Sherlock lay side by side, stiff as soldiers, staring at the ceiling. He could feel Sherlock’s inhales lift the blankets around him and John wondered if he was breathing enough. He found that he couldn’t quite remember how often he was supposed to breathe. The bed was much warmer now with Sherlock in it, and the two weren’t even touching. John wondered just how much heat Sherlock’s body gave off at a closer proximity. If he had Sherlock pressed against him, would the two of them begin to sweat?
“Sherlock…”
“Indeed,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock and John managed to make it back to Baker Street before the sun rose, but only barely.
The propellers were louder and the smoke was everywhere. John pulled Sherlock close. They had only moments left, John knew, before Sherlock was taken away again. John decided that they would have to go through him first. John decided that if they were to go down in flames, it was best they go down together.
“You’re amazing,” John whispered against his lips.
Claire winked at him. She lifted a bag and reached across the side of the boat, handing it to John. “Some food for Fitz,” she said. “Don’t go catching feelings for the boy. We’ll be wanting him back when you’re done here.”
you?” John asked, barely believing the argument they were having. “Jesus, Sherlock. What kind of arsehole do you think I am?”
“Indeed,” he says, and then he is on you, pushing you against the wall, his mouth on yours. You moan and grasp at him and let him sink into you, feeling desperate to have him on you once more. You have a distinct sense that this is the way you’re meant to live now, wrapped up in this man. It doesn’t seem quite possible to go back. It’s as clear as a fact that you’re meant to be here, meant to follow this extraordinary man into whatever battle he leads you, meant to snatch the pulse from any person who ever tries to do him harm.
You whimper against him and it’s like he cracked you open again, split you in two right down the middle and went swimming about inside. “How are you doing this?” you breathe. You have to know, because it doesn’t seem real. All of this seems too extraordinary to be real.
John to leave, who was practically ushering John out the door. The man who could shove John down and take him like an aggression and then sneer when John tried to touch him in return. The man who didn’t love him, hadn’t loved him, would never love him—who told him as such just moments ago. It was John slicing his chest open down the middle, showing Sherlock his writhing heart and instructing him to sink his teeth into it. It was asking for blood, begging for hurt.
“It’s not fair,” John said. “This isn’t fair to you. I’m not being fair to you.” John covered his face with an arm. “None of this is fair,” he said.
Sherlock said nothing. He didn’t move. John would have thought that Sherlock hadn’t even heard him were it not for a single blink of his eyes—fast, like a flinch.
John ignored him. “Why are you always saving me?” he asked. “After all this time, why are you still always saving me?”
“I’ve not been—” Sherlock started.
a couple?
John seemed to have an even more difficult time at smiling. He grabbed at Sherlock’s hands, resting heavily in his lap. Sherlock felt as if his limbs were filling with water again, and everything was starting to take a step back from reality. John’s hands felt as if they were happening to someone else, which they usually were. John squeezed at Sherlock’s fingers, the thick latex of his gloves squeaking as he did so. He stared at Sherlock’s hands. Sherlock could see the muscles in John’s jaw working, clenching and unclenching.
“Sure,” John said.
Hugh took the both of them upstairs, although there wasn’t much to see up there. John, of course, knew that it was a one-bedroom cottage and, by definition, would only have one bed. Still, he was a bit shocked to see the thing, sitting underneath a grand window, flanked by the sloping ceiling on each side. John held tight to Sherlock’s hand, refusing to be visibly thrown, but he felt a strange dancing feeling in his stomach.
“The host.”
He could practically hear Sherlock grin behind him. “I know,” he said, giving John’s bollocks another squeeze. His hand slipped away and he was a gust of silent movement behind John, reaching for something John couldn’t see. John heard the familiar click of a small cap.
Sherlock smiled back. “Miss you,” he said.
to the mainland and
“Are you ready?” he asked.
Sherlock looked bored. “Black market,” he said, waving a dismissive hand. “Been a string of those lately. I’ve a few names. Dull. Molly,” he glanced over where Molly stood with her clipboard, startled by his sudden address. “Have you ever heard of the Monty Hall problem?”
“Bloated corpses?” John asked, rubbing at his eyes. “Venomous snakes?”
Sherlock tugged at John’s trousers, trying to slide them down his body as gently as he could.
“Do you think you could ever…” Sherlock breathed, his eyes closed and his forehead pressed to John’s, “for me?”
“We’re on our way,” the voice said. “Get to a safe place.”
John smirked. “Couldn’t throw a proper punch,” he said.
“Ah,” John said. He wasn’t sure what else to say on the matter.
“This,” Sherlock said, gesturing between the two of them. “You and I. This is permanent. This is not meant to end. We will remain
John nodded, because he couldn’t for much longer either. Everything inside him was lighting up, swelling, building. Sherlock’s thrusts were frantic, driving against him with a force that knocked the breath from John with each stroke. John’s hand flew over his cock. He was dimly aware that he was making noise, a lot of noise, and none of it made very much sense. Then Sherlock’s mouth was on his again and he parted John’s lips and his tongue slid inside and it was every kiss that John had ever wanted from Sherlock and then he was coming, hands flying over his erupting cock as he shuddered and screamed against Sherlock, limbs wrapping around to pull him closer, tighter. Sherlock gasped and his mouth froze against John’s and his hips pumped three times in quick succession and a gut-punch cry escaped his lips and his body was shaking, shaking, falling apart on top of John.
“Exactly,” Sherlock said. “Getting through all the sheep on the island could take ages, and Will has already drawn much attention to himself. He’ll be laying low for now, but he’s still desperate. He’ll strike again, cut another sheep down.” He was pacing about the room, Fitz at his heels. “We’ll have to figure out which sheep has the flash drive inside it before he can slaughter another one.”
John scratched out a few more words before taking the notepad in both hands and slamming it against the table. Sherlock once saw John do the same to a criminal trying to attack the two of them—he grabbed the man by the sides of his face and slammed his head into a wall. It gave Sherlock the sense that John rather wished that his notepad was someone’s head at the moment. John ripped the paper from the pad, not stopping at just the sheet on which he had been writing, and threw the crumpled lot of it in the direction of the other wads. Bits of paper scattered across the floor, followed shortly by John’s pen. John exhaled in a long moan, digging his fingers through his hair and squeezing his eyes closed.
“I don’t,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock rocked his hips forward, still slow but deeper this time, filling John as much as he could. John whimpered and dropped a hand to his cock, giving himself a long pull. A part of Sherlock’s brain was urging him to move faster, to fuck John as hard as he could, to make him scream beneath him; however, he made himself go slowly, purposefully. He rolled his hips against John, sinking his cock deep into him with each long stroke. John’s eyes dipped closed and he made small noises as Sherlock moved inside him, back arching against the mattress, fingers wrapped around his leaking cock. Sherlock heard a moan escape his own lips—the sight of John spread out underneath him, wrapped and writhing around his cock, was nearly too beautiful to look upon.
~ ~ ~
“Nothing,” Sherlock replied.
Mrs. Hudson reared her right arm back and sent her fist slamming into Gilly’s head. The brass knuckles collided with Gilly’s temples with a thick, angry sound and Gilly went limp on the bed.
John found his shoes, slipped them on without socks. “I know,” he said. “But it has to be.” He straightened, catching Sherlock’s eye.
“Too long for that too,” Sherlock said. His eyes darted over the paper. “
“All that time,” John asked, “you never met anybody you were interested in?”
Sherlock insisted that it was imperative that the killer have no clue they were onto him. Thus, they needed to act as normal as possible. They were two lovers just returned from a romantic day in town. Best to act as such.
They sat like that for a while, pressed ever so slightly together, the wind tossing their hair as the clouds rolled in. The sky shifted to a darker grey, the temperature halting and dropping. The seals edged closer, moving away from the choppy waves, grunting and barking. All, of course, was forgiven.
Sherlock stood, looming over him, blotting out the sky. His lips were swollen and pink and glistening with spittle and his eyes reminded John of a murder mystery he once read where someone was stabbed to death with an icicle. Sherlock’s chest was heaving and he was hard—John could make out the line of Sherlock’s erection, nearly bursting through his trousers. John could practically feel Sherlock’s cock in his hand, knew that it would be searing hot when he wrapped his fingers around it. John made to push himself off the hill but Sherlock shoved him back once more, palm splayed at the center of his chest. Sherlock could feel John’s heart pound against his palm, John knew, and at the moment Sherlock seemed as if he could crush it.
“He doesn’t feel things like that,” John said. “Sherlock.”
“I am certain of it,” Sherlock said. He was gazing about the cave, admiring the ceiling. “Not a terrible place to hide, all things considered.” He pulled his coat closer around his body, tugged up his collar. “A bit of a chill, though.”
“Do you want it to be real, John?” Sherlock asked.
He’s still looking at you, that little smile on his face. “Indeed,” he says.
“As such,” Sherlock said, pushing the conversation forward despite John’s stuttering, “this leaves you as the only member of this dyad with no experience being in a relationship with a—”
John opened his eyes. Barts still stood in front of him, towering large and white against the London cityscape. Although over a year had passed, John still knew down to the meter the exact spot where Sherlock hit the pavement. Sherlock’s blood had long since been washed away by time and the elements, so thoroughly erased that not even a bloodhound would know that he was once there, but John still thought he could see traces of red sometimes. At the moment, however, a street preacher—some evangelical nutter—had set up shop just at the spot of Sherlock’s death. He had an overflowing beard and a tattered Bible in hand and periodically yelled at passers-by about the merits of prayer.
“It is
“Christmas morning is always awkward,” Sherlock said. “At least this year it’ll be awkward for good reason.”
“Yes,” John said. He hadn’t been.
“Yes,” John said. “It was.” He took several deep breaths. He could feel his body starting to still, but slowly. Very slowly.
“It’s
Behind John, the larger man shifted his hand on his gunshot wound. He wavered, winced. He muttered something under his breath that John couldn’t quite catch but sounded a touch angry.
“Of course,” John said, although he couldn’t help the small smile that flitted across his face. Sherlock was right (Sherlock was always bloody right) when he unceremoniously returned from the dead a year and a half ago—John
“Three minutes,” Sherlock said.
“So,” John said. “A murderer who shoots the caretaker in the middle of the day, with the overnight guests just down at the beach. Pretty bold, if you ask me.”
“Oi,” Conor said. “You okay?” Conor was a bright-faced lad, with a shock of unruly dark hair and a smattering of freckles across his cheeks. He was unusually talkative, and he and Fitz seemed to be joined at the hip.
As Sherlock predicted, John’s voice was soft and slow, a lullaby of sorts. Sherlock could feel his thoughts grow murky, as if surrounded on all sides by a soft fog. He slipped his eyes closed and rolled closer to John, his forehead just nudging at the groove of John’s hip. “You left out the bit where I learned that the criminal lived in Soho just by the pattern of dirt on the car,” he said.
“Well,” Gilly said, grinning. “So long as I’ll get to keep you once this is all over.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said again.
“Me?” John tried to shift in Sherlock’s arms, tried to turn to face Sherlock. Sherlock’s arms tightened, holding him still.
Once at the park, Rosie tugged them along to her favorite playground and immediately darted towards the climbing equipment, her little feet kicking up dirt behind her as she ran. John and Sherlock found a bench to sit at while they watched her play.
John stared at her. He could hardly make sense of what he was seeing. “Gilly…” he said. “What are you…”
such a lovely way to be
Sherlock’s body nearly bent in half and he let out a cry and then he was coming, his hand still flying across the both of them. John felt Sherlock’s cock swell and twitch against his, the heat of his ejaculate dripping down his shaft, catching in Sherlock’s fingers and slicking John’s cock and it was all too much for him. John came with a scream, Sherlock’s name caught in his throat, thrashing across the bed as Sherlock jerked every last drop out of him.
“Ta,” John said, accepting the bottle. He didn’t know much about wines either, but the bottle looked fancy enough, with the winery name printed in a scrawling cursive. With the day he had so far, John could go for a drink. However, he remembered the way the wine last night made him feel, warm and glowing at Sherlock, and thought better of it.
*           *           *
“You already knew that,” he says.
Gilly’s eyebrows lifted. “Sounds like somebody is home,” she grinned.
The smiling was John’s favorite. The smiling made being woken up at all hours of the night by the sound of screaming somehow acceptable; John was suddenly
When John returned, the flat seemed to be in one piece, with no new holes in the walls and no evidence of anything having been recently on fire. Sherlock was fully dressed—an improvement from his condition when John left—and sitting cross-legged atop the table in the sitting room, typing away intently at a computer. If he heard John enter, he didn’t let on. The only thing amiss in the flat aside from Sherlock sitting on the table, which wasn’t particularly uncommon in and of itself, was that Sherlock was once again using John’s computer instead of his own, despite John’s numerous instructions not to.
John asked, smiling as well because it seemed like everyone was smiling at the moment.
“Sherlock,” John said, and again, “Sherlock,” and then again, “
Sherlock pressed his forehead into John’s stomach. “You taste like the sea,” he said.
John mouthed.
The cottage was certainly isolated, down the end of a long, bumpy road that could barely fit a single car, trees covering them at all sides. There hadn’t been another house in sight for a few kilometers.
Someone was calling out John’s name in a voice that was guttural and unfamiliar and barely intelligible, the wrecked cries of a man so gone that he could barely breathe. Sherlock figured it was him, as John seemed lost in his own sounds at the moment, crying and grunting and panting and calling out broken-off commands to Sherlock, pieces of words ricocheting through the alley
Mrs. Hudson cleared her throat and moved towards John. She had a large manila envelope in her hand. “This came for you, love,” she said, her eyes darting to the floor as she handed the parcel to him.
bloody panicking.”
It was prim at first, the dry sensation of lips touching lips, then John made himself move, capturing Sherlock’s upper lip between his, allowing the barest hint of moisture to linger on Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock exhaled gently against him, the faintest puff of breath, and John remembered that he needed to breathe as well. His breath was less restrained than Sherlock’s, more of a shuddering pant as he kissed Sherlock again, finally feeling Sherlock’s mouth move against his. John’s lips landed on Sherlock’s lower lip and he sucked gently, feeling the plush skin against his, tightening and releasing as Sherlock kissed him back. Someone made a small noise. It could have been nothing.
You click through a few of his posts—sprawling monographs with titles like
“I have a slight heterochromia,” he says, “but in the sunlight my eyes appear blue, which is the eye color of forty-eight percent of individuals in the United Kingdom. Hardly an anomaly. Certainly not worth committing to memory.”
“Fuck me,” John gasped, his voice barely coming in whole anymore. “Oh god, Sherlock—fuck me.”
John had never been particularly afraid of heights. As a child, he would climb whatever trees had low-hanging branches, scaling his way up until the limbs got too thin to hold his weight. He and his friends would dare each other to perform dim-witted tricks on playground equipment, doing flips on the tops of slides and walking atop the jungle gym without hanging on. He had nearly fallen more times than he could count. He and Mary once took a trip on the London Eye early in their relationship. She had gotten a little short of breath towards the top, clinging to his hand with sweaty palms. John had never even gotten nervous. However, at the moment John felt as if his heart was in his throat. He could hear his pulse ringing in his ears. His gaze darted between Sherlock and the cliffs to their immediate right, the sharp plunge into the rocks below, the unforgiving waves. It wasn’t a short fall, nor was it a survivable one.
“You like me,” you say. Your breath is gone again.
“This is the point,” you say, “where most people would realize that what they just said was nonsensical and would do a bit to elaborate.”
John wondered, if he closed his eyes, whether he might wake up to find that this was all a bad dream.
” John said, grinning. “
“I was unfaithful, Mary,” John said. The words felt like a rush of steam escaping him, a release of pressure, leaving him free to decompress. He watched Mary’s eyes widen, her mouth pop closed. “I’ve cheated. Three times. Well, technically three, but…” he grimaced, “it’s been more than that. Much more.”
“You have abysmal taste in girlfriends, John,” Sherlock said.
“Um,” John said.
“It’s a paradox,” John said. “Just like,” he poked at Sherlock’s ribs, “the Monty Hall problem.”
He chuckled. “Sherlock hates that title. But Sherlock hates all my titles.”
“Indeed,” Sherlock said, casting John one last quizzical look before lifting himself off the bed. Sherlock pulled a pair of trousers off the floor and tugged them on. John begrudgingly located his own pyjama bottoms, doing his best to ignore the sticky residue on himself as he pulled them over his legs. Leaving the bed was the last thing he wanted to do at the moment, but he put his feet on the floor all the same. Sherlock had found his shirt from the day before—a bit rumpled from the floor—and was in the process of fastening the buttons over his chest. He was looking at John with an expression John didn’t fully understand. Apparently deciding he was dressed enough to play host to a small dog, Sherlock started out of the room. He paused, glancing back at John.
John did his best to mask the crunch of dirt beneath his feet as they walked along the road. The trees started thinning as they neared the coast, and the forest no longer shielded them from the harsh wind coming in from the ocean. John’s coat wasn’t nearly warm enough—he flipped up his collar and buried his hands in his pockets. Sherlock bundled himself into his coat as well, his collar nearly obscuring his face. His cheeks and nose glowed pink from the cold and his curls were tangled from the wind. John could feel his own hair whipping about, his ears nearly going numb. Mary had sure picked a frigid little island to hide out on, he thought.
It shouldn’t bother you, this. You’ve had plenty of encounters just like the one you had with the man a few days ago. Plenty of covert shags in the shadows. Hasty blowjobs in alleyways. You’ve parted ways with men and women knowing next to nothing about them, not even their name. They don’t linger in your mind. Their faces fade from your memory. You remember them in scattered pieces—the sound someone made as they came, the sharp paisley of a shirt, a cologne you found particularly pleasant. It’s fine. It’s all been fine.
and I intend to play you.
“I’m here,” Sherlock said. There was tension in his voice, a sort of breathlessness that usually wasn’t present.
“So I’m right,” Sherlock said.
John turned, starting down the path that led into the wide field.
John cursed, heaving himself off the bed and stepping carefully over the broken floorboards. The O’Sullivans would not be pleased when they saw what became of this room. “Did he find it?” John called after Sherlock. “You said Will got it out of Declan somehow. There at the end.” He stopped, halfway down the stairs. “Wait. So Will killed Declan?”
Conor perked up, bouncing in his seat to face Sherlock. “You should take Fitz,” he said. “He’s an excellent guard-dog.”
for love like yours and mine,
“Just say the word,” Angelo said, and disappeared back into the kitchen.
was, it would most certainly not be soon enough. He needed Sherlock immediately, in this moment. Preferably forever. Whatever sort of dangerous thing Sherlock was doing, however
“I told the cabbie it was stage blood,” John said, peeling his jacket off of himself with care. “Said I was rehearsing a play. And of course the bloody arsehole did all this in the
“Sherlock…”
—god, you
“I’d rather it be me,” Sherlock said. “Who was hurt. Not you.”
landed men in jail!
“I need more information on which branch Neville is likely to target next,” he says. “I don’t have the physical ability to have eyes everywhere at once myself, so…” he gestures back towards the woman, “I enlist eyes for hire.”
“I made tea,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock snorted. “A lovely
Sherlock sank his mouth into John’s and John met him with a noise that could have been sobbing. Sherlock slipped his arms around John, digging into the sand to wrap him up, pull him closer. The rain landed on their faces and John couldn’t be sure where the water was coming from anymore—the ocean, the sky, or their own eyes as they grasped at each other. Sherlock was whispering half-sentiments in between kisses and John was almost certainly crying except that they were both laughing, both smiling, both looking at the other as if their living body was a miracle and they were finally,
“We can make this work,” Mary said. “You and I. Can’t we? We can get through this?”
Sherlock thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
John realized that this was the second time he caught himself leering at Sherlock tonight. He rubbed at his eyes, forcing himself to look away.
“Good,” Sherlock said. “That’s good.” John could hear a rush of wind on Sherlock’s end, and Sherlock’s words seemed clipped. Wherever Sherlock had been, he was on the move. “And you’re sure you’re—”
John grabbed at his hand, examining the bottle. “Mouthwash?” he asked. He laughed again. “Why in the bloody hell do you have mouthwash?” He peered into Sherlock’s coat pocket. “Are you Mary Poppins?”
The world dropped to black.
John cursed and his head drooped low, forehead colliding with Sherlock’s. He didn’t feel it, could only feel the ache pounding through his body and Sherlock’s finger.
There was a flurry of mouths and teeth and hands. A chair in the kitchen got toppled over and something tipped off the table and shattered. Clothes flew off in no particular order and created a rough path through the kitchen and into the hallway. Sherlock was down to just his shirt, unbuttoned and dangling open at his sides, revealing a strip of pale skin beneath. A small bite-mark was already starting to develop just over his nipple. John was completely naked. He had Sherlock’s back pressed against the wall in the hallway, crouched between his legs. Sherlock’s cock was deep in John’s throat, and John was sucking him down as if he might not get another opportunity in his lifetime. Sherlock’s hands were in John’s hair—tugging, gently guiding—and Sherlock was making the most delicious noises above him, lips parted, eyes heavy. John had his hands on Sherlock’s arse, pulling him closer, moaning around Sherlock’s cock as it butted up against the back of his throat, gasping breaths in time with the bobbing of his head.
Molly scampered over to him. “I’ll just take those,” she said, plucking the sharp tools from his hands.
John nodded.
(See the end of the chapter for
,” John said, thinking back on the exhausting week-and-a-half the two shared.
“Perhaps he needn't have bothered,” Sherlock said. “Seeing where it left him. Love is a liability. Declan would still be alive if it wasn’t for love, it seems.”
“You don’t need any fixing,” John said. “You’re beautiful and a monster and the center of it all. You’re perfect.”
They drove for another hour before John had the courage to open his mouth.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” he said. He ran his hands along Sherlock’s arms, down his chest. His fingers brushed over the little circular scar just underneath Sherlock’s heart, but he didn’t linger, allowing his touch to drift onwards. He moved his hands along Sherlock’s sides, eyes still roaming over the whole of Sherlock’s body. His hands drifted down to Sherlock’s hips, his thumbs tracing the crease between his hips and his thighs. John’s eyes were fixed on Sherlock’s cock, standing red and swollen, a drop of precome glistening at the tip. John’s gaze darted up to Sherlock’s, asking permission.
“That was their long-term plan,” Sherlock said. “They had a few other plans in the short-term.”
“I know you didn’t want me to say it again,” John said, swallowing through a lump in his throat, “but I can’t. I can’t go a life without ever saying it to you again.” John felt his voice start to fade out, but he pushed on. “I love you, Sherlock,” he said. His eyes stung. His throat burned. “I love you so much. I’ve loved you from the moment I met you. It was so large and so obvious and I must be the biggest idiot on the planet that I didn’t see it.”
“Yeah,” John said. “We’ve been together. At first I told myself it was a mistake, but…” he shook his head, “it wasn’t a mistake. It was the farthest thing from a mistake. I love him, Mary. I’ve loved him for years, and that’s not the sort of thing you can just pretend doesn’t exist.” John gave a little smile, but he was sure it came out sad. “That’s not the sort of thing you can keep a marriage alive around.”
John heard a whimpering noise that certainly couldn’t have come from him. He tilted his head low against his pillow as Sherlock ground against him, Sherlock’s cock digging into his arse, his back. Sherlock’s hand tightened around John’s cock and began to stroke him.
The smell was appalling, but Sherlock had gotten used to it fairly quickly. A perk of ordinary nervous system functioning—a brain that no longer needs to light up at previously-observed stimuli in preference for the novel. And Sherlock’s nervous system was moving a bit slowly at the moment, by design. It seemed as if he could feel each synapse attempting to fire, a lighter nearly out of fuel, messages sludging through his neurons as if through a bog. An extraordinary amount of effort was dedicated to the process of breathing—in and out, in and out. It was lovely. It was just what Sherlock wanted.
John paused a little ways into the field, shining his light across the area. He saw the bodies of several sheep resting along the ground, settling in for the night in little clusters. A few of them looked up at his torch, their blinking eyes seeming irritated that he had disturbed their rest. He couldn’t see Sherlock anywhere. He was about to call out when he spied a dark shape on the ground midway into the field. John sighed, feeling a bit of relief seep into his body, and started towards the figure.
“I don’t,” Sherlock said.
He was not going to think about Sherlock. He was not going to think about Sherlock sitting on the bed with that broken expression on his face—eyes pleading with John not to leave—moments before John left. He was not going to think of Sherlock’s voice—barely sounding like Sherlock’s voice at all—as he told John that what happened between them wasn’t meaningless, wasn’t a mistake. He wasn’t going to think about his own response.
When the sun dipped fully below the horizon and the light in the cottage was far too dark for John to see, he decided that he’d had about enough. He grabbed the head-lamp from the counter and pulled on his jacket. He had no clue where Sherlock would be at this point, but John would just have to find him.
John chuckled. “But the sheep…?”
“Exactly,” Sherlock said. “He will assume we will be too busy with the tour to notice him skulking around, looking for the flash drive. He also has no reason to believe that we have identified him as the sheep-murderer, so even if we do spy him on the island, we won’t think anything is amiss. That’s how we’ll get him.”
high-definition.
“Then nope,” Sherlock said. He spun around, taking John with him, and dragged John down the hallway.
“Killed in a car accident,” Gilly said. “The brakes in his car failed. He smashed into a truck. One of those freak things, you know? I always get the brakes checked on my car now, at least once a year. You never know.”
” He snatched the journal from John and popped up once more, bolting about the sitting room with no clear purpose. “Pencil!” he shouted. “I need a pencil.” He pointed at John. “Do you have a pencil?”
“The Blasket Islands are the last point of land on the North Atlantic,” Claire said. “Once you leave these islands, you won’t hit another patch of land until you get to the Americas. As such, there’s nothing stopping the force of the sea. Winds, waves, waters—the Blasket Islands are the first stop for all of it. The sea hits the Island with all its fury. The Island protects the land, but there’s nothing to protect the Island.” Claire gestured upwards at the mountain that surged upwards behind the ruins. “The Cró shields this part of the Island from the worst of it,” she said. “Makes this bit easier to live on. But still, most folks aren’t cut out for Island life.”
Sherlock glanced away. “You get a look,” he said. “When you enjoy something. When you
John nodded, feeling the teeth rattle in his head.
“Yet again,” John said, “the problem is not meant to be based on the actual show.”
“I’m reasonably certain I know what I feel, John,” Sherlock said. He swallowed. “I ought to have told you sooner. I only recently figured it out myself.”
in his tone, a flicker of the smile that John didn’t see often but knew signified Sherlock truly being pleased about something.
. “Gilly…”
,” Sherlock yelled back, staggering towards the man. John tugged at his coat, doing his best to hold him back. He was not being very successful.
they have softened us like stone,
The man had no bubbles left. His legs were slowing. His head wasn’t jerking about anymore. John could feel the man’s chest moving, trying to breathe. Gasping in cold water, sucking in death. The man shook. He couldn’t breathe water. His body was rejecting it. There was a moment of violence, then there was nothing. The man went limp in John’s arms.
Sherlock grabbed John by the arm and whipped him around, slamming his chest against the wall. John caught himself with his hands, gasping at the sudden change in position. Sherlock had his cock out of his trousers and the condom on in seconds. Each moment he wasn’t inside of John was, in his opinion, a useless moment. He tugged John’s trousers down his thighs, exposing his arse, still shimmering with lube.
John sighed. He rubbed at his eyes. “Do you think I could have been happy?” John asked. “If I stayed? If I tried to work it out? If I’d just…”
John forced himself to look at her. “Yep,” he said.
he thought. However, something told him that even honesty wouldn’t have saved his marriage.
“Why the striped jumper?” Sherlock asked. “What was so painful about the striped jumper?”
“I was,” Mary said, dropping the oversized bag that contained the genuinely surprising amount of things Rosie needed to survive an evening onto the ground. “Things have changed. Have to run.” Mary seemed rushed, distracted.
“I’m not doing anything,” John said. “I misread things. That’s all. We can drop it.” He tried to step forward once more but was blocked again by Sherlock’s towering presence. The wind tore at Sherlock’s hair, whipping it into a right mess. He looked a bit mad.
“Right,” John said. “And, um. What exactly will that entail? Being a couple?”
Fitz sat at John’s heels, watching the boat leave. He seemed momentarily confused by his family leaving him on an island with relative strangers.
Sherlock huffed out a small laugh that wasn’t quite a laugh. “Thanks to me,” he said. He ran his thumb over John’s knuckles. John considered that after Sherlock unwrapped his fingers from John’s hand, he might never feel Sherlock’s hands on him again. He tightened his grip on Sherlock. God, he wasn’t ready to let go.
“Not sure why I even bother,” John said. He sank into his chair, cracking his neck. Although it was nice to spend the time at Gilly’s flat, her mattress was rubbish, and he always left the flat feeling as if he spent the night with his back twisted into a pretzel. It didn’t help that Gilly was an incessant cuddler, and her extremities were perpetually freezing. It had to be a blood flow thing; he considered slipping iron supplements into her tea.
“Not so far as I can tell,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock could tell that his mouth had fallen open. He shut it.
touch wherever he wanted. John ran his hands along Sherlock’s back, feeling each bump of his vertebrae. It took all of his self-control not to dip his hands lower, to grab at Sherlock’s arse. He had long since grown hard, his cock straining in his trousers. He wriggled slightly, trying to keep his back flat on the sofa, his groin away from Sherlock. Surely
A small smile flickered over Sherlock’s lips. “You can be infuriatingly oblivious at times,” he said.
“My sources say she is dressed for cold weather,” he said. “Like a fisherman. She’s headed north.”
he tried to communicate with his fingers, although it certainly wasn’t.
“I can do it, John,” he said. When he looked at John, his eyes were set, firm. All hints of moisture gone. “I promise you I will keep her safe, keep all of you safe.”
Sherlock, caught tight in the surgeon’s grip, met John’s gaze and his eyes sparkled, a momentary message letting John know that he was about to do something incredibly stupid. John didn’t have time to shake his head, to find a way to telepathically communicate
John examined the soles of his own shoes. “Contextually relevant, all right,” he said.
It was hard to picture Sherlock on his own in the wilderness, roughing it like some sort of lumberjack. John wondered just how much time Sherlock spent out in the elements, and for what purpose. Was he searching for someone, some piddling fly in Moriarty’s web that had disappeared into the woods? Or was he hiding from someone, a vengeful spider out for blood, not afraid to crawl through the trees to find him. What other sorts of survival skills did Sherlock find it necessary to acquire in his time away? And more importantly, what did he feel the need to do with this knowledge now? Was it meant to sit in the back of his Mind Palace, growing dust? Or did he plan to use it in the near future—the next time he needed to disappear, to leave London permanently?
John blinked. “What?”
Sherlock’s orgasm took him by surprise and for a moment he swore he blacked out, fucking his fist senselessly and shouting into the mattress. He came hard into his hand, hot streams of semen spilling into his fist, between his fingers, onto his sheets. It was John he pictured, coming hard into John’s arse, filling him up. He pictured the look of John after, wrecked and open, a stream of Sherlock’s come trickling out of him. The whole of Sherlock’s body shuddered. He might die from this, he thought. It would be a lovely way to go.
“Wonderfully,” Sherlock said, actually managing a smile. The skipper had stayed by the dinghy, so there was no reason for the two of them to continue with the Irish accents. John found himself grateful.
part either.
“Your mistakes were much more egregious,” Sherlock muttered.
.” He grabbed two instruments off Molly’s tray—a pair of forceps and a scalpel—and held them in front of John, as if he needed assistance counting to two. “
The city lights made it difficult to see the stars most of the time. The best you could hope for most often was a glimpse at one or two stars here and there, maybe even the Big Dipper if you were lucky. Eventually, you stop looking up altogether, or at least John had. It was easy, in the city, to go around only looking at your feet. These days, John’s head was perpetually pointed at the pavement, on the lookout for phantom bloodstains. It had been ages since he tipped his head back and took in the sky.
John closed his eyes. Sherlock could see his face start to patch itself back up, turn into the soldier-wall he wore when things became particularly dangerous.
The view, as it were, was a bit dismal at the moment. The clouds covered the whole of the sky and the water seemed grey. The waves hit the rocks with a spray, and everything was covered in a fine layer of cloud.
You watch them until the smoke disappears.
“Um,” John said, stepping back to avoid Sherlock’s path of destruction. “I doubt the O’Sullivans would be pleased with you tearing up the floorboards in one of their bedrooms.”
“The money doesn’t
John could practically hear Sherlock roll his eyes. He jogged up to Sherlock’s side, trying to intercept whatever Sherlock might have to say on the matter. "Ah. No," John said. "Thought we'd head straight to the island."
John tugged his arm away from Sherlock. He ran his hands over his face, displeased to find that sweat was already starting to break out on his temples again. “It’s fine,” he said.
to love each other loudly
“John,” Sherlock said. His face was turned towards John.
Sherlock tipped forward, lowering John back onto the bed. Sherlock slid down on top of him, stretching out his aching legs. For a moment, they stayed just like that—pressed close together, Sherlock still inside of John and moving in small, pulsing strokes, teasing at each other’s lips and breathing, just breathing. Sherlock felt like an object about to burst, something that had been filled to capacity and now the seams were starting to split. He stroked at John’s face, pushing his sweat-matted hair off his forehead. John smiled up at him and Sherlock was sure he heard seams pop. Slowly, Sherlock withdrew, kissing the little gasp out of John’s mouth. Sherlock slipped off the condom, tossed it somewhere. He would manage all that later, much later. He collapsed at John’s side, not caring about the mess on his chest that spread onto the sheets. John shifted, facing him, and Sherlock draped an arm around him, tracing along John’s side with his fingers. John wrapped a palm around the nape of Sherlock’s neck, tugging their foreheads together and pressing the lightest of kisses to Sherlock’s lips, and Sherlock wondered if anybody had ever died from feeling so much for one person or if he would be the first.
Sherlock closed his eyes, a man who chose not to stare down the firing squad after all. He nodded.
John stood, walking softly to where Sherlock sat. His angry stomps, for the moment, faded as he slipped back into Doctor Watson. He held out a hand and Sherlock took it, gripping at John firmly as he eased himself out of the chair. He saw John’s face contort slightly with each of his winces, each sharp intake of air as his chest screamed in protest. He saw John want to say several things but decide against saying any of them.
You stretch and watch him as he moves, groggy. He retrieves his mobile from his overcoat and plops back onto the mattress next to you, but his eyes are on the screen. He’s typing something, fingers flying. He is long and pale in your bed, smooth skin stretched for what seems like miles, his legs crossed delicately at the ankles. You press kisses to his stomach, his sides, his chest, because he’ll be leaving soon, you know, and you need to taste him while you still can.
Outside, the storm was upon them, rain screaming down on the roof in thick sheets, lightning shooting blinding flashes of light through the windows. Thunder roared, loud and angry, but not near as loud as John as he rode Sherlock’s cock, howling and yelping and cursing as Sherlock filled him, fucked him, hammered into him until John thought he might split in two and bloody hoped he would. Sherlock’s fingers dug into John’s hips, lifting him higher, slamming him down harder, steering him as he shuddered. John had his hand on his cock, angry and red and hard as anything, leaking a string of precome down onto Sherlock’s stomach. Sherlock pushed himself into sitting and grabbed at the nape of John’s neck with a crushing grip. He attacked John’s mouth, sucking down whatever breath managed to escape him with greed.
A bit concerning, that. Objectively so. He probably ought to be concerned. He still couldn’t manage to find the emotion, though.
“Detective Inspector Lestrade,” Sherlock said, each word somehow more challenging to pronounce than the next. “He’ll set the matter straight. Call him.”
John slid the gun towards Sherlock. He didn’t like this plan of sitting in a blown-out house, waiting for the shooter to get close enough to properly kill them. He certainly didn’t like the idea of Sherlock possibly being in the direct line of fire. John glanced around the room, looking for anything that could be a weapon. Bits of Mary’s clothes littered the floor, some of them partially on fire. Her duffel bag had torn open. The few belongings she had were scattered about the floor. He spied a water bottle, slowly leaking its contents across the floor. He raised an eyebrow at it.
Another scan of Sherlock’s body revealed nothing else that needed immediate medical attention. John could see a few spots along Sherlock’s arms that were starting to dip into yellows and blues; nasty-looking bruises would form there over the next few days, but there was little that could be done about that. John peeled his gloves off and tossed them in the bin. He retrieved a bottle of paracetamol from his supplies and shook a few pills into his hand. He offered them to Sherlock.
“Which door,” Rosie responded dutifully.
John nodded. “Yes,” he said, his voice firm. “Yes it is.”
There was another dream, immediately after that first one. John blinked and he was back inside the bonfire, surrounded by the smell of pine and smoke and gasoline. What had been so terrifying about that moment, John realized, was how similar it felt to the Barts dream, the one where Sherlock fell and John was powerless to stop him. He had tried to move, but his limbs were dead and useless. He had tried to scream, but his voice was gone. All he could do was lay in a pile of himself, passively watching death approach.
John remembered how Mycroft responded when he heard Sherlock speak Charles Augustus Magnussen’s name, that threatening way in which he urged Anderson out of the flat. He remembered Sherlock’s warnings about Magnussen, his assertions that this man above all others truly turned his stomach. He remembered Magnussen himself, a disgusting sliver of a man, all the slippery confidence of a person who knew how to be dangerous.
“Sherlock—”
The sun dipped below the horizon and John lit the candles and did his best with the fire. He gave in and opened the bottle of whiskey. Sherlock declined again. John poured himself a glass and sat down on the sofa to read through Declan’s journal while Sherlock paced around the room and occasionally on the coffee table and sofa itself.
And that was the end of it.
“Very good, Mister Holmes,” the man said. “Now. Toss it into the boat.”
John walked towards the herd. Some of the sheep stopped grazing, eyeing him with suspicion. A few moved away, deciding that they no longer trusted these bipedal nuisances on their island. John couldn’t blame them, he supposed.
He wished he still had the striped jumper.
robbed.
There was not another living thing in the flat.
He heard John chuckle. “I will.”
“She’s my wife, Sherlock,” John said. “She’s my wife and she’s in danger.”
“The sheep-murderer?” John asked, struggling to shift gears in his mind. “Yeah. He did.”
, John,” Sherlock shouted as he darted out the door.
John narrowed his eyes at her. He had an odd feeling that he just said something wrong. “Do you
Sherlock was shaking, tight, his hips grinding against John. John’s fingers dug into Sherlock’s arse, guiding him along, pulling him closer, faster, harder. Sherlock’s thrusts were growing disorganized, stuttering, mad. He panted against John’s neck and it sounded like waves crashing against rocks, fuming and violent.
he thought.
Sherlock paused. He sighed. “Longer than I’d have liked,” he said. “Long enough to learn the importance of breathing.”
He forced out a little chuckle.
“Still,” Sherlock said, “he got the worse end of it. Twenty-year sentence, plus he broke his hand on my face.”
There had been a bit more yelling after that, and a few more of the bullets had been thrown. John tried not to think about it. Most of it made little sense. Still, it was fairly common of Sherlock’s temperament these days, and John did his best to breathe through it. It was Sherlock, after all. Nasty moods came with the territory. Besides, John couldn’t speak very highly of his own mood since moving back in, and having to wait a full year in order to begin steps to divorce a woman he no longer loved certainly didn’t help.
“Right,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock studied him, his eyes still full of incredulity. “You aren’t of sound mind,” he said.
“Fuck you, Sherlock,” John said. “Fuck you.” The words managed to cut through the wind, sharp and throbbing.
John thought.
At the station, John and Sherlock gave their respective statements. Sherlock insisted upon Hugh’s innocence, but it was a hard sell. After all, Hugh had ready access to the house and had been by at least once when he thought Sherlock and John would not be there. As it turned out, Hugh’s property management company also had access to the listings of at least three other houses in which people were murdered. Not to mention, Hugh had a bit of a criminal record himself. Nothing major—nothing so serious as murder, that is—but he had a few instances of shoplifting as a youth and a couple of restraining orders out against him. John found the whole of the evidence to be a bit damning, as did the officers.
“John,” he gasped, not sure what he meant to communicate, not quite able to communicate very much of anything at the moment. John understood anyway.
And of course I love you too.
“Gate is closed,” John said, and hoped that Mary hadn’t heard the disappointment that crept into his voice.
John turned back to the computer.
Sherlock sighed. “We’ll likely be expected to. Boring. The sheep are much more interesting.”
John heard Sherlock’s blankets shove to the side and then Sherlock was in his bed, sliding under the covers and fitting into his arms perfectly. John still couldn’t see Sherlock in the dark but John could feel him—limbs wrapped around him, chest pressed against his, erection sliding along his hip—and then that gorgeous mouth was on his, that mouth John craved, stared at, dreamed about was moving over his and John could have sobbed with relief. Sherlock’s lips parted and his tongue grazed John’s and John found Sherlock’s face and held him close, intent to never let him go, not if he could help it. They tore at each other’s clothes, pulling vests and pants off in a disorganized fumble of limbs. John paid no attention to where his clothing flew after it left his body—for all he cared, it vanished into the dark. He found Sherlock’s mouth once more and pulled him close, pressing as much of their bare skin together as he possibly could. He wrapped a leg around Sherlock’s waist and rolled his hips. Their cocks nudged together and they both let out a moan, their kisses growing disorganized.
“Again,” Sherlock said, “I would hardly say that I’m
“Don’t cut the excess,” John said. His eyes were squeezed half-shut, warring against a desire to no longer observe his own surgery. “I’ll have you do a running stitch. You know how to do that?”
“Nondiscriminatory, it would seem,” John said.
John felt a pang of relief shoot through him. For a moment, he considered with confusion his own reaction to their texts. His dopey smile, his elevated heart rate, the schoolgirlish way he stared at his mobile, waiting for Sherlock to respond. If John didn’t know any better, he would say they were flirting.
“I dreamed you,” John said.
John checked the nightly rate on the cabin and raised his eyebrows. “You know,” John said, “Gilly works for a travel agency. She might be able to get us a discount on the rental.”
“I loved you,” John repeated. “I love you. I still bloody love you. And it feels like it’s eating me alive, bit by bit. It’s been over a year since you died, and I don’t think it’s going to get any better.” He wiped at his eyes with the heel of his hand, feeling well and truly mad at the moment. A woman passed by and considered him oddly, but he did his best to ignore her, turning and continuing down the street.
John’s hand wrapped around Sherlock’s shoulder blade, pulling him closer.
sweet, in its own odd way. It was also very
smile. “Oh, John,” she said. “He already has.” With that, she turned and aimed her gun at Sherlock. Before John could react, she fired, the sound cracking through John’s brain. He couldn’t hear himself scream, but he felt the sound as it burned through his throat. Atop the roof, Sherlock’s body jerked, wavered, and pitched forward, soaring through the sky, hurling towards the ground. Mary smiled.
The panic of not knowing who was touching him lingered slightly longer.
“Good talking to you,” John called after him.
he meant.
“We can’t both go,” Sherlock said, answering a question John hadn’t asked. “One of us will need to stay and look after the sheep. It’ll have to be you to stay. I’ll want to interview some of the locals tomorrow and you’re rubbish at that, I’m afraid.” Sherlock tried at a laugh. He didn’t succeed.
“—at every street we’ve found a corpse,” Sherlock blurted.
“Good Christ,” John breathed, and tipped forward, biting at Sherlock’s lips as his fingers started moving. “You’re mine, aren’t you? Please say you’re mine.”
“They’re hideous for the environment,” Sherlock said. “And wholly unnecessary in the city. I’d much rather have the goat.”
John nearly drowned himself as he slipped in the tub in an effort to cover up, partially submerging himself and splashing water across the floor. “Jesus
“I apologize,” Sherlock said. His voice sounded rough, cobbled together. “For…” he twisted a shoulder back in the direction of the far side of the island, “that. I shouldn’t have done that. Not any of it. It was unforgivable of me.”
, don’t I?”
Extra special thanks to
“Appalling,” Sherlock said. “You should read the post.”
we two have sat in wait,
Sherlock was buried once more in the social media pages of the various victims when John came downstairs this morning, so John decided to take advantage of Sherlock’s distraction and draw himself a bath. He
hadn’t been Rosie’s first full sentence. “Tell papa,” he said, “that I am not wrong. And that I thought we agreed that we were done talking about this.”
John popped up in the bed, pushing himself away from Sherlock. “You know damned well why not,” he snapped. He swung his legs off the side of the bed, standing unsteadily.
John’s fingers continued fiddling with the drawstring on his pyjamas. His knuckles brushed up against his cock with each movement of his fingers. His body was warm, buzzing.
John swallowed the remainder of the whiskey and felt the burn sink down his throat, into his stomach. It matched the burning in his eyes, under his skin. It felt as if the whole of him was made of that sick burning. He twirled the empty glass in his hands, watching the lights from the candle flicker off the side of it.
Today, it was the stupid pink octopus smiling up at him, and John found himself incapable of taking his eyes off the thing. He considered that he might have been lucky that he woke up before Sherlock hit the pavement. That sound his body made when he hit, that sound was usually the worst part of the dreams.
Not telling Mary had crossed his mind—of
The man at the front of the boat turned and scrutinized John with cold eyes. John remembered Sherlock saying that the Taibhse Brothers weren’t actually brothers, but they looked as if they could have been. The man in front was shorter and leaner than the man behind John, but they both had shaved heads, sharp features, and the hard lines of a dangerous anger in their jaws.
There was a sound happening. Something soft and low. Someone’s voice, saying something. Familiar syllables, the sort of sound he had heard over and over before. The voice seemed to be coming from far away. If Sherlock was flying, he would have said the voice came from the earth, too far away to worry over. However, Sherlock had recently come to the conclusion that he was more than likely not flying.
John narrowed his eyes. He stood and moved to the bookshelf, lifting himself onto his toes to reach the piece of paper. He stared at the brightly-colored paper, half-expecting there to be an advertisement for
“Great,” John said. “So she’s been planning for this the whole time, then. The whole bloody time, she’s been ready to run.” He shook his head.
“I’m not half bad at fencing either,” Sherlock said. “But I rarely fence all the same.”
“No,” Sherlock said. “From the books next to his bed. Aspirational—books he has been told he ought to read but never quite found a chance. He still didn’t find a chance once on the island either, couldn’t make it through more than a few pages of each. Still, he held out hope for a future in which he might succeed. A bit of a dreamer, our caretaker.”
The two lifted their respective ends of the sheep, heaving the tarp into the wheelbarrow. Flies flitted out of the tarp at the ends. John inwardly cursed Sherlock for not being around for this particular chore.
You tug a corner of the blanket into your hand and do the best job you can muster at cleaning the both of you up. You’re fading as well, but closing your eyes means you don’t get to look at him and you aren’t ready for that. “When the cranes move at night,” you hear yourself saying, “it feels like there’s no other humans left in the city. It feels like I’m the only one, the only real one anyway. Everything else has gone to the robots.”
He scanned the island for Sherlock. He had already found the man once today; he was certain he could find him again. He couldn’t quite spy him in the field with the sheep, but that seemed to be where Sherlock was headed when he first started down the path back to this side of the island. John started off in that direction, perfectly ready to turn over a sheep or two if it meant finding Sherlock.
Sherlock was up off the bed, pacing, nearly skipping over the broken bits of the floor. “Oh that’s clever,” he said. “It was right under our noses. Right under our noses, the whole time. I thought it wasn’t possible, but,” he tapped at his chin, giddy, “I wasn’t in possession of all the facts.” Fitz was up after him, darting along the floor at his side, excited that the room seemed to be in motion again.
The bartender slides the pint in front of you and you take a long pull. You feel like you need it. The man smiles at you and takes a sip of his pint as well. You notice the liquid drain a touch. He’s actually drinking it now. He’s joining you.
John shook his head. A little puff of a laugh escaped his lips. “No,” he said.
John chuckled. “Never said I wasn’t mad too. Would be nice if you were somewhat less of a death-obsessed wanker, though.”
“That is a nonsensical premise,” Sherlock said. “Masquerading around in a falsehood is and never will be the simpler or the more logical choice.”
“I think we’ve got some frozen peas in the icebox,” John said. His eyes were still closed.
Slowly, Sherlock sunk himself down onto John. He felt the breath punch out of him at the stretch of it but kept moving, taking John in inch by inch. John gasped beneath him, the whole of his body going tense, bowing back. His eyes flickered shut and his mouth fell open, sucking in air without exhaling. He released his breath in a rush once Sherlock was fully seated, taking in another gulp of air just as quickly. His face looked tight, almost in pain, but Sherlock knew better.
, that was the grounds for divorce the two decided upon, the one that made the most sense for them and would get them divorced in the shortest amount of time. John read through the little paragraphs of behaviors Mary listed, the facts that they intended to present before the court, the cracks that broke their marriage to pieces—objective truths that carved a frown onto John’s face. He didn’t like any of it, but he agreed with all of it.
“It’s nice, I suppose,” Sherlock said, his words tickling John’s skin. “To be on this side of it. To be spared having to dance for the imbeciles with cameras.”
“I don’t know what I’m doing,” Sherlock said again, his voice little more than a choked whisper.
Of course, the situation changed somewhat four minutes after the plane took off.
John’s hands had been on him before, Sherlock knew. John had pressed a hand to his forehead when he looked feverish, had placed ice-packs and frozen peas to swollen spots on Sherlock’s body when he couldn’t be arsed to do so himself, had felt for broken bones and massaged away aches, had washed wounds and stitched gashes and pressed plasters to skin. John had touched him so many times, but never like this. His hands had never been on him with reverence and intention, had never caressed aroused skin or stroked flushed tissue or slipped inside to reach him where he ached the worst, where he needed John the most. John had healing hands, doctor’s hands, hands that could patch Sherlock up, put him back together. However, at the moment all Sherlock wanted was to be taken apart.
?” John glanced back at Sherlock hopefully.
John rolled onto his side, facing Sherlock’s ruined skin. Slowly, very slowly, he reached out a hand to Sherlock’s back.
"Why?” asked John, who already knew the answer. “Why joy, Holmes?”
“Look at me.” John stilled. His doctor-voice intensified.
Straw and grey to match your hair,
“Oh good,” John said, “we’re back on this.”
John’s legs complained as he started after him. “Exactly what?” he asked.
Sherlock shook his head. “I lose control,” he said. “With you. It’s too much. You’ll need a shield. You’ll need a shield from what I’ll do to you.”
“And you like when I eat,” Sherlock said to John’s feet.
Sherlock shoved John onto the bed with such force that John bounced with the impact, and then Sherlock was on top of him, laying him flat and grinding a thigh between John’s legs. John gasped and arched and writhed under Sherlock, pulling him closer. He wanted to touch Sherlock everywhere at once and was certainly trying, his hands roaming across Sherlock’s face, his shoulders, his back. He gripped Sherlock’s arse and ground their bodies together and Sherlock moaned against him and John decided that the accomplishment he would be proudest of until the day he died was making Sherlock moan like that. John rolled them to the side, hooking a leg over Sherlock’s waist and moving his lips across Sherlock’s jaw, his neck, his collarbone.
John woke up in the middle of a field. His back ached and he had a terrible crick in his neck. He was alone.
“Shit,” John said, placing his near-toppled wine glass on the table next to Sherlock’s as Sherlock settled to the side of him. Sherlock wedged his body between John’s and the back of the sofa until he lay at John’s side along the narrow surface, his chest pressed against John’s ribs, his leg tucked just slightly over John’s thigh. John felt a sudden heat settle over him.
John’s eyes were wet. “Of course not,” he said. “Of course not, Sherlock. You’re my best friend. Without you, I can’t…” John made a series of gestures but never quite finished his sentence. Sherlock, however, found the sentence to be finished enough. Without John, Sherlock also simply
Sherlock made a little murmuring noise. “First bit of land across the whole of the Atlantic,” he said quietly, seemingly to himself. “Nothing to stop the storm of the sea. Uninhabitable.” He shook his head. “Nobody of sound mind would call this place a home.”
(See the end of the chapter for
*           *           *
“I don’t…” Your brows furrow, doing the math in your head. You could be wrong, but you are reasonably certain that seven pounds is the exact amount you’ve dropped in the man’s cup these past few days you’ve seen him, passing him by on your way to the surgery. You open your mouth to say something, something about it being impressive, him knowing exactly how much you gave him all these days, but his hand is rifling through his pocket. He shoves something into your hands, eyes still not on you.
He grins, a lazy thing. He leans close. “Not too difficult,” he says. “One simply estimates your birth year, 1971, I’d say, rifles through the most popular male names from that year and calculates the likelihood of each name based off your parents’ capacity for innovation and religious affiliation—Catholic, obvious—which leaves us with precisely—” You blink at him and he tips forward, snorting. “Your
John’s eyes snapped up to meet his. His face looked in danger of folding in on itself. “Don’t,” he said. “Don’t you dare.”
Without warning, a figure burst from the bushes, tearing through the yard and towards the forest. Sherlock cursed and sprinted after the figure, gaining ground rapidly.
so what have you done to me, my dear?
He washed himself slowly, feeling the tension slip from his body with the steam from the water. The previous day had been more than a little confusing—pretending to be Sherlock’s boyfriend, the accidental cuddling during the night—and John felt as if he had been on edge ever since Sherlock told him of this little plan to entice the Holiday Killer.
“Well, yeah,” Lestrade said. “But I’m more referring to what you got arrested
“The mobile number tucked away in your pocket,” Sherlock said.
“Are you learning me?” John asked. “Collecting data?”
—but Sherlock wasn’t looking.
John said nothing. His jaw ached. He got to the end of the notebook and started over at the beginning again. Maybe he would pay attention this time. He was midway through the notebook before he realized that he still hadn’t seen any of it. He sighed and started over again.
Sherlock smiled down at him, a breathy, disbelieving smile that seemed to be slowly working its way to belief. He stroked at John’s face again, slower, and the reverence was back. John could have melted from it and he was reasonably certain he already had. He was vaguely aware that, just behind Sherlock, the whole of the night sky spun around them, the glistening light of stars and galaxies and all-encompassing infinity, surrounding them once again, wondering just what their center was up to. John couldn’t see any of it. All he could see was Sherlock smiling down at him.
Sherlock looked away. “He was a good dog,” he said.
Did you leave me be? Oh no—instead
To be more specific, dead sheep. Sheep that appeared to have been ripped open in some haphazard and unnatural way, the bits that were once inside now very much on the outside.
(And believe me—how I’ve tried).
John narrowed his eyes at her. “What?”
John continued reading.
Sherlock glanced at John, seeming a bit irritated at the interruption. He narrowed his eyes. “Why do you look like that?” he asked.
he wanted to say.
Sherlock took a deep breath. He pushed the last few remaining bars of the bloody song into the back corners of his mind, along with the rest of his memories. They were useless to him in this version of reality. He sighed, lifted his dumbbell of a head, and rolled over. Time to be Sherlock Holmes.
a monsieur one morning,
John licked his lips. “You’re lying,” he said.
John woke up to the sound of screaming.
John whimpered. He nodded. He was already shaking.
“No,” John said, sounding a bit impatient. “I don’t mean this greenhouse. I mean
“Are you…” John seemed to be at a loss for words, “okay?”
John wedged himself into the kitchen, which he hoped was the furthest point in the house from Sherlock at the moment. “Um,” he said. “He’s...good. He’s settling in. Upstairs.”
Claire whistled for Fitz and the group of them walked back down the slippy rocks to the dinghy. Darren’s boat—the boat they first took out to the island what felt like ages ago—sat peacefully in the waves. An older gentleman with an impressive beard sat behind the wheel, staring off at the island with a smile. A new skipper, John assumed.
but I’m never alone
and love you ‘till I die.
John wrinkled his nose and peered into the cavity Molly re-opened in the center of the body. There didn’t seem to be any organs in there, all right.
John shifted forward in the tub. “Get in,” he said.
“Shit,” you say, looking behind you. “I, um. My stop…”
John’s mobile buzzed again, a long, steady vibration. He flung the pillow off his head and across the room. Christ. Was Gilly
Their tender morning together, Sherlock’s presumed apology, it was all an act. John knew that. Sherlock had been nothing if not completely candid with him. The fact that John felt a bit crushed by the distance between them spoke to John’s own naïveté, he supposed.
John’s eyes met his, wide and wet. He nodded. “Yeah,” he said. His voice was thick.
“No,” Sherlock said. “It’s…” He grunted, seeming supremely frustrated that John didn’t have the ability to read his mind. “Everybody thinks that the dolphin feels a connection with the bloody fisherman. But he doesn’t. He doesn’t feel those sorts of things. It’s a call-and-response. Operant conditioning. He receives a reinforcement—a bit of fish—and he stays.”
And then—just like that—she wasn’t Catherine at all, but Rosamund. Rosie for short. Another olive branch rescinded. At least John had gotten to repaint the nursery. Pale green instead of screaming pink. Much better for the three o’clock headaches.
John rubbed his thumb over the cut, smudging away the blood. “Maybe we should put a plaster on that after all. Don’t want it to get infected.”
John tried at another forkful of food. It was getting easier, but only by degrees. “This is another apology, then?” he asked, motioning towards a lump of rice.
“No,” John said. “Well, sometimes. But mostly no.” He risked a glance at Sherlock. In his mind, Sherlock was always wearing one of those posh suits of his, the ones that seemed exceedingly expensive and well-tailored, the ones that John wouldn’t dream of wearing himself. The ones he’d sometimes wondered about seeing crumpled up on his bedroom floor. Today, Sherlock wore his Belstaff as well—it
“So,” you say. “The other night.”
He flung the door open.
John heard Sherlock shift in the sitting room and John forced himself not to turn around to look at him. This silence between them was a vicious creature, with claws that tore at John. Sherlock always had something to say about everything, and even when John didn’t have the first bloody clue what Sherlock was talking about he enjoyed listening to him. The lack of words made John fear that something had broken between the two of them, something that was largely John’s fault. John could withstand quite a lot in this life. He had withstood the horrors of war, squared off against criminals, killed men, seen men die. Hell, he was currently locked away in a remote cottage, waiting for a serial killer to find him. None of that was particularly frightening. No—what was frightening, what frightened John the most of anything at the moment, was the thought of losing Sherlock.
Sherlock opened his mouth, defiant, but John was well and done listening to whatever he had to say.
John looked down at his body, at Sherlock’s body. John’s trousers never made it past his knees. He still had a shoe on. His jumper was half-on his body, bunched around a shoulder. Sherlock’s clothes looked ripped open down the center, his shirt torn open but still on his shoulders, his trousers barely past his hips, his cock tugged rudely from his pants. Sherlock had traces of lubricant and semen around his flies and John, of course, had streaks of their come across his stomach and chest. John giggled, shaking his head.
