Instead he gets up and starts to pace the length of the room, dodging his dirty clothes and empty beer bottles from last night. He twists his hands together as the restlessness returns. He couldn't just stay there and do nothing, but he has to, for Cas. Cas would be here soon.
The sight of him, so vulnerable, made Castiel stumble back. He was hurting. He was in pain. Should he say something? Go to him? Comfort him? He couldn't though, frozen to the spot at the sight of the crumpled man before him. Footsteps could be heard from down the corridor, then Sam was stood in the entry way. Castiel didn't take his eyes off Dean, expecting him to open his own eyes at the sound, but he didn't. Castiel frowned in confusion.
Sam looked nervous, really nervous. He kept his gaze diverted to the concrete parking lot outside the motel. Something was going on and he really hated that he didn't know. “He's not himself.”
His heart ripped through his chest, sending jolts of pain shooting throughout his body. Collapsing on the floor, he barely registered the pain in his knees as they hit the concrete. Tears fell, silent and commanding. He was too late. He'd missed him. He'd prayed and yelled for close to an hour, begging for him to come back, pleading with him to believe he was sorry. But the he didn't come. Silence rang through his ears, deafening him. Longing cascaded through him, longing to hear the flutter of his wings, to hear his gruff voice bellowing his name, longing to see his piercing blue eyes; even if they were going to hold contempt and hatred. Dean didn't care. He just wanted, needed him here.
Turning the corner to the parking lot of the motel, he stopped and glanced at the window to their room. The light was on, the curtains open and through it he could see his brother and the angel sat at the table. As his focused his eyes on Cas, he broke completely,
He stopped crawling, glancing from his brother to the angel. Then his eyes caught sight of Naomi, dead on the ground, her words echoed through his mind. Words of how Dean had to die so that Cas could be with them again, could be an angel again. This was all his fault. He'd made Cas rebel, set him on the course to where they are now. Every mistake Cas has made, it was all his fault. Every time he'd died, all his fault. Everything his fault.
Dean shrugged. “Then a lifetime of celibacy will have to do. I can't go back to my usual hook-ups, not after feeling what I did last night. Even if you walked away now, for good, I can't go back.”
The whisky burned and he revelled in it as he sat on the edge of his bed, shoulders slumped. This pain is new. He'd never felt anything quite like this before. Is this what Cas felt when he'd rejected him? The tears streamed down his cheeks. He couldn't stop them and to be honest he didn't want to. This pain was worse than anything. All the times he'd died, all the times he'd been tortured in and out of hell, all the rejection from women, was nothing compared to what he was feeling now.
The panic was consuming him now, making his heart beat ten times faster than it should be. He felt the tears threatening to fall down his pale cheeks. Entering the library, he paused at the sight before him. Cas was stood with his back to him, arms hanging limply by his sides. That's not what caught his eye, it was his brother. Sam was blocking the only exit out of the bunker, arms folded across his muscled chest, eyes narrowed in angrily at the angel.
Anger surged forwards again. Sam didn't even know what was going on. What did he have to disapprove of? Dean caught Cas's eyes again. “Fine. Have your say. Then I'm outta here.” Cas looked at Sam again. Sam nodded and went to leave. “No. Stay.” Sam stopped, glancing at his brother in confusion. Cas looked at him the same way. This was probably the most stupidest thing he'd ever done. But he didn't care. He was sick of it all. Sick of feeling this way. Sick of his brother judging him too harshly. Sick of Cas prodding and poking till there was almost nothing left. Cas wouldn't continue their conversation in front of Sam. “You carried on, in front of him. He stays. So go on then.”
Dean stood and started to pace. He could feel the two sets of eyes on him, burning through him, watching him warily. The anger was surging its way through his veins, setting him on fire and he needed to release this pent up energy.
“Want it? No! Of course I don't. But you're going to anyway. Because you need to and I fucking get it, I really do.”
Dean smirked. “Hell, yeah. Let's do this.” With nothing more needing to be said. He pressed a button on the tape player and allowed the music to wash over him, ridding him of any thoughts that didn't involve this case.
Life isn't a movie though. Things don't happen like that. But, God, he wanted to be selfish, just once he wanted to think of himself and have the one person he'd fallen in love with. He drank from the bottle again. The tears still coming. The pain still there. Yeah, he was a fuck up. No two ways about it.
Cas's head snapped up and his eyes narrowed with… anger? Frustration? Dean took an involuntary step backwards at the power of them. Cas pushed away from the car, dropping his hands. He closed the distance between them, his eyes never leaving Dean's. Dean couldn't breath, couldn't think. His palms grew sweaty and he had to hold back from wiping them on his pants. Cas tilted his head to the side.
He didn't say anything, unsure of whether they are aware he'd finally left his room. He took an unsteady step forward as he tried to will his weakness away. Now was not the time to be weak, now was the time to prove to Cas that he could do this.
Castiel wiped the tears from his face with the back of hand and took a steadying breathing, telling himself to get a grip. “It's okay. I understand.”
Dean took in a shaky breath and rushed his words out before he lost the nerve to say them at all. “I'm scared. Terrified, actually. I love you so damn much and it scares me.”
He fell silent and Castiel couldn't breath. What hurt? Had he been wrong about why Dean was hurting. He wanted to ask so much but he stayed silent, waiting for Dean to come to terms with whatever he was about to say.
Castiel tilted his head to the side, his eyes narrowing to slits. Of course he would be angry with himself, of course he would blame himself. “Care to elaborate?”
He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, ridding himself of any lingering saliva. He can't bring himself to look at Cas, too aware that he's just shown a major weakness. Its embarrassing. Cas gives his shoulder a squeeze of reassurance and it calms him a little. He wonders how Cas is dealing with the sight that's behind them. Better than him, that's for sure.
Sam turned with wide eyes as he spotted his brother. Dean had tears sliding down his cheeks, burning his flushed skin. “Dean?”
Castiel was taken aback by Sam's little speech. What would Dean have to feel upset about? This is what he wanted, wasn't it? He wanted to do what Sam said, he wanted to charge towards Dean, reassure him that everything will be okay, but he couldn't. He needed distance, and he meant it. Going to him wasn't the best idea. “I can't go and talk to him. But perhaps if I told you what is going on maybe you can talk to him.”
Cas's voice broke through his thoughts and he snapped his green eyes to the blue. He sucked in a sharp breath when the realisation came to him. Cas was really scared. He didn't know why he hadn't seen it before. He guessed it had something to do with feeling his own pain and his own grief, but that wasn't a good enough reason, not in his eyes anyway. He should have seen it. If he hadn't been too proud about breaking down, about avoiding his feelings, he would have seen it sooner. Guilt clawed at his insides as the reality came crashing down around him.
He couldn't breath as he took those words in. The more he stared into those eyes, the more he realised Dean really did mean every single word. Pure happiness flooded through his system. He didn't care that Sam was stood there, watching their exchange. He didn't care that they had so much to talk about.
Dean couldn't say anything as he trembled, as he felt the tears still pour down his flushed cheeks. He didn't even think his voice would work if he tried to speak. His eyes did the speaking for him, pleading with his brother to help him, to help Cas, because there was no way he could do anything, not with this weight crushing his insides. Sam rushed to his side in a flash of clothes and bouncing hair, kneeling on the floor, wrapping his arms around him. Dean felt the warm body next to his, felt the solid grip and it only made him cry harder. He needed his brother to take control, to take the lead on this. A huge part of him wanted to push Sam away, yell at him to do something, but he couldn't move, couldn't gather the energy needed for such an outburst.
Pulling away from him, he explained how proud he was of him, how happy he was to see him. Jack returned the sentiments that made Castiel swell with joy. But when his thoughts returned to Dean, he felt his heart breaking all over again. He could feel the pull, he could feel the urge pulse through him.
One minute, he was pointing a gun towards the map room and the next it was flung from his clutches, hitting the far wall with a clang of metal. Nobody had time to react to this as he was suddenly gripped from behind, an ice-cold hand circling his throat, putting pressure there with its fingertips, almost choking him.
Dean took a step back, feeling the tears stinging his eyes. He wasn't going to cry, not in front of him, he wasn't going to give him that. If he wanted to leave again, then so be it, but he wasn't going to see him cry. He watched Cas frown as a siren sounded in the distance. “Good to know. Sam's waiting. Let's go.”
As he drove through the night, with Sam sat next him, he thought back to how Cas had made him feel in the back of the very car he was driving. It had been amazing, it had felt so right. It had been two months ago and they hadn't done anything since, not even a kiss. A new kind of regret pushed at his insides. He wished that they could have one more kiss, he wished he had one more chance to whisper those three simple words that he didn't offer out so easily.
When Cas spoke, Dean was taken aback by the softness of his voice. Dean was so use to the gruffness he didn't quite know how to react to this change in tone. “It's okay, Dean.” It took Dean a little longer than it should have to register the words.
Thirty days. Sam had started eating again. Started sleeping again. Started leaving Dean's side for longer periods. Castiel hadn't moved. Can't bring himself too. It's a limbo. It's time now. He knew this. Knew that the machines needed to be switched off. He told Sam. Sam nodded and went to fetch a doctor. He couldn't bring himself to take his eyes off Dean. Sam signed papers. The doctor moved to the machines. This was it. “Wait.” The first word he'd spoken in too long. His voice was raw and his throat scratchy. The doctor paused, his hand hovering over the switches. He could feel both the doctors and Sam's eyes burning through him. But he needed to say goodbye.
He did just that. When he returned to the main room, Sam was on the phone. He waited, listening, back turned to him. Didn't see Dean.
He sucked in a sharp breath, building the courage to say what needed to be said, what he was so very afraid of saying. But Cas needed to hear it, needed to know the truth. “Cas,” his voice was barely a whisper and Dean hated how defeated he sounded. But it was the truth. He was defeated. He was so sick of fighting this, fighting what he so desperately wanted. He was sick of hurting Cas, so sick of hurting himself. He was just sick of it all. If this didn't work, if Cas didn't come then he didn't know if he'd ever get over it, didn't know if he'd be able to mend his broken heart and that thought terrified him.
Dean had been turned on by his best friend and then he'd gotten off on it. Who does that? Not him that's for sure. But he had. He had gotten off on it. He sunk to the floor and brought his knees to his chest. What the hell did he just do? This was different from everything else. This wasn't love. This wasn't feelings. This wasn't knowing that Cas wanted him. This was a sexual desire on a whole other playing field and he didn't know what to do with that.
There were so many questions swirling round his brain. How could the angel be here? That was just one of many. He wanted to ask, wanted to get those answers, but he knew that he wanted to find out without his brother's presence. He wanted privacy. He turned to his Sam and tossed the keys to him, who was looking a little taken a back by the gesture. Dean ignored him, telling him to go take a drive for a while. Understanding clouded Sam's expression. His eyes darted anywhere but at the two other men. He was uncomfortable with the thought of what could possibly happen next. Sam slid into the driver's side of the Impala and started the engine.
With all the packing done and loaded in the car, they were finally ready to leave. Jack was in the back seat and Sam was already in the driver's seat. Cas turned to face Dean and before he knew what was happening, he was being pushed up against the Impala and Dean's hands were gripping the sides of his face.
Dean bulked back in shock. Had he really been that obvious? He was only trying to show Cas that he needed him, that he was worried for him. Dean didn't know what to say. Should he be honest with his brother? Then his thoughts drifted to the way Sam had treated him. Even if Dean was ready to be honest to the outside world about this, which he most certainly wasn't, Sam didn't deserve for him to be honest with him. Not yet anyway.
Castiel removed his hand from Dean's, allowing it to drop to his side. He took in the state of the room. Clothes everywhere, bed unmade, dishes and glasses littered the floor. This wasn't like Dean, he'd always had pride in his room, it being the only one he'd really ever had. It was the first place he'd ever called home and now look at it. It was a mess and Castiel hated it, hated that this was what Dean had become. Instead of asking what Dean was on about, he moved past him and started picking up clothes, bundling them in his arms. He could feel Dean's eyes burning through the back of his head, but he paid it no attention, wanting to clean this mess up as quick as possible. He needed things to go back to normal, just a little anyway.
Dean froze. Had he really just done that in front of his brother? Shit. He hadn't been thinking. Shit. Slowly he turned his head to look over his shoulder, still not letting go of the angel. His brother's eyes were wide and his mouth hung open. He turned back round to Cas and closed his eyes. “Fuck.”
Dean looked upon him cautiously and Castiel felt relief wash over him. He wasn't too far gone that he couldn't be reasoned with. “Understand what?” His voice was still venomous.
Before his brain could catch up, he lurched forward, grabbing the angels trench coat and pressed his lips to Cas's. He had no idea why this time was different, maybe it was because of the way Cas looked at him earlier, or maybe it was just the pressure of trying to hide his attraction. He didn't know. All he knew was that he wanted this so badly, to feel those amazing lips against his. Cas's lips were soft and Dean moaned when Cas gasped in surprise. He darted his tongue inside his mouth, tasting him. God, he tasted euphoric. His cock twitched at the anticipation of what this could mean. His heart was threatening to beat its way out of his chest as he slid his mouth across Cas's, but… but Cas wasn't responding.
When they finally made it out into the warm night, he sucked in some fresh air. He couldn't stop to think, all he needed to do was to forget. With quick movements he pushed the girl up against the brick wall, she moaned appreciatively and his cock twitched in his pants. His heart started beating erratically as he closed his mouth over hers. She tasted so sweet, so delicious. He flicked his tongue across hers as her fingers dived into his hair, he moaned deep in his throat.
Dean gulped and took a step closer to the man he was so in love with. They were now inches apart and from here, Dean could see all of the shock coming out of his eyes. Cas was shocked by this revelation, whatever he'd been expecting, it wasn't this. He cupped Cas's face in both hands, pressed his forehead to the Cas's, still staring into his eyes, he wet his lips once more. “I want you to take me. To make me yours and only yours. I want to be yours in every single way.”
Cas took a step towards them, eyes flaring dangerously as the grip around Dean's neck tightened. He tried to gasp, tried to wiggle away, but the hold on him was unyielding. He tried to imagine what this creature's next move would be, tried to picture it. This thing had one goal and that was to kill Cas. How could he prevent this from happening? How was it going to move forward with its plans while holding Dean hostage? His brain worked furiously, trying to figure out a way out of this, but it came up blank. The pressure increased, forming bruises across his neck, across his ribs. If the hold around his middle got any tighter, he was sure a couple of ribs might snap.
Dean rolled his eyes. Guess he had been right about what his brother was thinking, and he was just standing there, passing judgement on the two of them, when he had no clue what had just passed. “I know we have Jack to find, but… but we had a little argument, nothing big and it wiped him out. We'll help tomorrow. I don't really wanna wake him.”
He took a couple of steps backwards, his back hitting his Impala, and he leant casually against it, his arms across his body as he took in the sight of the angel. God, he looked amazing, really amazing. He latched his eyes onto Cas's, who was looking at him with patience and caution. He was unsure of what was going through his mind. “I want to be.” He kept his voice soft, laced with care and love.
His brain finally caught up to what was happening. Shit. He was kissing his best friend. Shit. He pulled back, letting go of the angel. Cas's eyes were full of confusion, his mouth hung open. Dean couldn't breath. What the fuck did he do that for?
He forced himself to move. Forced himself to clean up the mess. To dispose of the body. To clean the blood. Dean's blood. All of it Dean's blood. Why couldn't he heal him? Why couldn't he do that one thing? All of this… his fault. All his fault.
Cas narrowed his eyes slightly. “It doesn't matter whether I believe it or not. We wouldn't be very smart to ignore it, would we?”
Cas turned to leave but Dean reached out and gripped his trench coat sleeve in his fist with a blind panic. Cas froze but didn't turn. “Don't leave, please.”
Castiel felt the sting of rejection, like so many times before. It felt like he was almost growing accustomed to it now. He replayed the scene in his head, watching as the flicker of hurt crossed Dean's face, then his walls building back up and shifting into place. Dean was pushing him away again and he knew that he couldn't go anywhere, not with his promise echoing around his mind. He promised he would be there whenever Dean was going to run, promised he would wait. But should he? How many more times are they going to go through these motions?
When he came back to the living room, buckling his belt, he noticed the flashing light on his phone. Yup, he definitely chose the outfit well. At least it would cheer him up a bit.
It was so much harder than he thought. He played this conversation in his head multiple times and it was already tough but the live action…man, that was a living hell. He wished that the first honest expression he saw on his brother’s face in weeks wasn’t intense pain, but here they were. When Dean opened his mouth, he was barely audible, as if he had no more air left in his lungs.
That announcement did not have the desired effect, for Dean spit his mouthful of coffee all over them both.
That little shit was too quick and too agile and all he could do was putting tomato sauce from his pizza slice in her hair while fighting to get his phone back.
As usual, I'll be really glad to have your opinion about the story and about my writing, please let me know if you anything in your mind ♥
He was used to be the nervous one but Dean was a serious competitor. Everything in his posture was defensive, the hands in the pockets, the tensed shoulders, his way of walking half a step behind him, as if he wishes to run away at any second.
Castiel didn’t gave his number back, since Dean hadn’t asked. He had absolutely no good reason to do so, and when he realized it would have been a casual thing, as friends do all the time, he was already back home, in his couch, petting his cats.
His voice was a bit breathless and he spoke so fast that Castiel had to take a second to process what he heard. Since he was on Dean’s couch, on his call, for a moving night, he chose to read that awkward announcement the way he hoped it was meant. With a tiny thrill of hope, he tilted his head and locked his eyes with Dean’s.
In the middle of the room, Dean bit his lips, very aware that he was making blunder after blunder since he arrived. Being nervous was no excuse. He had wanted to see Cas for days and now that he had the opportunity, he was losing his shit. He breathed deeply and made a contrite smile.
He did have Dean’s number now, but he said that was in case he had a problem with his car… He could wait until the next AA meeting : if Dean had found it, he would probably bring it then. But that seem a bit rude to disseminate his belongings and not even care about it.
Thank fuck, Balthazar had already parked the car on Cassie’s driveway, otherwise he would probably have run off the road.
Dean nodded, unsure. Jo downed half of her water bottle in one go and swiped her mouth on her arm like the true lady she was. She passed it to Dean and smiled softly.
“Not this building, the old one. On Cliff Avenue.” This conversation was getting creepier every minute. He had no idea what she was talking about. “You were about 10 ? 12 ? You forced your brother to sit at Storytime and then you sneaked into the comic books section to look at things that weren’t appropriate. I got you out of the library, twice.”
“I didn’t scare you, did I ?” which was a funny question for her to ask, because the dude was one-and-a-half-Charlie high, and at least two-Charlies wide. But he definitely looked a bit startled.
Castiel tries to make things right and apologize a lot, but Dean is not buying it since he's a thick head.
“What ? No ! I just didn’t see you behind all the…” he gestured at desk, covered with figurines and trinkets on every available surface. Including the top of her screens.
Hey there ! New wenesday, new chapter. Thank you very much for reading ♥ All the hits, the kudos and the comments really boost me. And just as a tiny warning : I hope none of you is eating pie right now ♥
It wasn’t even the time of the date yet and everything was already awkward. The dorky looking guy that showed up did have blue eyes and brown hair but he seemed a lot skinnier than his picture. Or maybe it was because he was lost in an awful, oversized trench coat ? Who would wear that kind of crap willingly ? On top of it, he called him Dan. DAN. He didn’t want to sound harsh but he did when he finally opened his mouth.
Thank you for sticking with me. I'm proud I wrote my first fic ever, and in a foreign language. I'm so glad you read it an enjoyed it. In those difficult times, every bit of happiness is welcome. Please let me know what you think about it, and what you hope for the future !
Not to mention the fact that he was single, and not of his own will, if he understood correctly. Only fucked-up people could end up single at forty without choosing it. Dean was a living example. The guy was probably even more cracked up than he seemed.
The recipient’s mailbox is full and can’t accept messages now. Please try resending this message later or contact the recipient directly.
Dean was about to bark something unpleasant again when he remembered Eileen soft eyes, earlier when she said
PS : I hope I’ll be back before noon but if I’m not please don’t let Dean eat with Ash, not on his first day
The contentment ended when they arrived in front of the storage room door. Or just a minute after they arrived, since he enjoyed seeing Dean a bit out of breath and slightly sweating. Served him right.
He felt a bit self-conscious now, since he changed his own shirt twice before coming. Apparently, He was the only one bothered by this kind of stuff. Cas looked down his clothes and gave an apologetic smile.
They talked about him with the closeness of people that have a loved one in common. They shared a lot of fears and delusions about Dean, but most of all lots of love. There was no need to explicit that, they both knew.
And that was not including the fact that they saw each other like twelve hours ago. He got up, patted the cushions and put them back the way the cats loved best before leaving to his bedroom.
Well, it wasn’t the pie itself. It shouldn’t matter. On the scale of a lifetime, it was a very frivolous thing.
I hope you'll like the new chapter, please let me know if you spot any mistakes in the writing or the story itself. I would be glad to have your opinion on the fic in the comments ♥
To his opinion, he was looking his very usual self. Even his tie was as twisted as always, and Janice, by the way, reached out to fixed it. Castiel wished straight away he were wearing a t-shirt instead of his regular outfit.
His bachelorhood was not a secret, but it wasn’t a choice either. The righteous man just never showed up and Castiel never felt like actively looking for it. It seemed to be unholy. If God wanted him to find someone, it would happen.
Retreating toward the kitchen, he put out everything he needed. Some bowls, eggs and flour, butter… He was opening the pack of icing sugar when he thought about the donuts. After the PieGate, Cas apologize profusely to everyone at the Community Center and Dean felt bad for him. The poor guy started to bring huge boxes of donuts for the meetings, from an expensive and well-known pastry shop. Dean would have told him that most of the people attending the meeting didn’t have enough taste buds left to appreciate that kind of stuff but… well…Cas seemed so eager to be forgiven. And the donuts were amazing. Like little fluffy clouds covered in powdery sweetness. They melt into the mouth. It was like eating a hug.
Castiel got up and fled to his bathroom to avoid his brother outraged reaction. The only reason that he hadn’t straighten things with Dean was because of the setback with his nieces. He would not let go of this new opportunity, regardless of the outcome.
Please leave me some kudos or comments if you have anything to say, it's so motivating when you do so ♥
She couldn’t remember the last time she laughed that much. She was out of breath, tears rolling on her face while Dean was losing his shit, shouting and trying to get his phone back. The laughter was contagious, he started to repress it, trying extremely hard to stay mad, or to look mad, at least. He wasn’t a good faker, since Jo put her arm around his shoulder and laid her head against his arm.
He jogged after him but noticed that Sam’s car was still parked in the same place and his brother and Eileen were looking at them. Oh fuck. No doubt they were gossiping like crazy. Dean waved his hand as an indication to leave, several times, until he heard the engine starting.
She may have been right but he could have sworn that waitress glanced at him when he ordered a coke.
Sat on the stairs of his porch, Castiel was looking into the distance, rummaging the tiny rocks of the driveway with his slippers. It was a beautiful day, warm and sunny. And there he was, being gloomy about a stupid pie.
Hadn’t he, really ? In weeks ? Well, thank God Sam was a better man than he was. “Sorry Bobby, I’m a little piece of shit.”
We're getting sooo close to the end I'm kinda emotionnal. I can't beg for comments since I'll do it on Sunday for the ending (I've prepared a whole speech in my head) but... well ♥
The four years old grabbed the collar of his shirt instead – which was just a slightly less strangling choice- and there was a loud ripping noise when the fabric gave up. Dean yelled :
“Ok, beside Chuck who’s late and Castiel who’s on vacation, everyone’s here ? Let’s start. Who’s taking notes today ?” There was a long silence. Missouri crossed her legs, looking almost defiant. She already did it for the last two meetings, Jody couldn’t ask her again. She turned to Charlie and Donna with a bit of hope.
He couldn’t really blame him, who would be mad enough to stay in a 20 square room with an angry guy throwing things all over the place ?
Well, that was probably because at least 3 people, including Dean himself, complained about the pie so now the employee just throws it right into the bin.
The look he gave at his open closet was full of resentment, and the closet looked back at him the same way.
The mirror didn’t answer. If some people were attracted to forty years old drunkards spending their free time in a bar, some other people should be attracted to forty years old sober guys looking for one night stands on dating app. It takes all sorts to make a world, after all.
One could almost see the gears turning in Cassie’s head. He finally chose the lesser of two evils,  joined the car, got inside and slapped the door angrily as if it was responsible for his misery.
Ok, too soon. Cas -as in Castiel- was probably too literal to detect the attempted apology. The joke got him an additional box, and not a light one.
Sam didn’t know what woke him up. He didn’t open his eyes immediately, hearing some footsteps somewhere in the house, muted by the sound of the rain on his window. He blinked when the door slammed and two seconds later, he was awake, very conscious of where he was and with whom.
He liked the dry humor and what was hiding underneath. He liked the voice, the belly laughs and the soft chuckles. He liked the caring attitude that was showing more and more. He liked the armor and what he could glimpse at through the cracks. He liked the eyes and the whatever-color hair. He liked the reliability, the capability. He liked the brief text messages and the short sentences. He liked the smile. God, the
There was a long silence, as they both watched the pool and the kids yelling few feet away. Sam originally planned to sit beside the pool and watch the kids but it seems that after twenty minutes of intense splashing, he gave up on his clothes and was now sitting on the steps, in the water, Ashley on his lap. Even with the baby coming in four weeks top, she hasn’t seen her husband this relaxed in months. It was a nice alignment of the stars, really. A muffled sound besides her made her blink and she looked at Dean.
, for the hours of fun, for the tears, for the messiest group chat I've ever seen, for the homemade gifts, for the gifs (so many gifs. SO. MANY.), for all the times I screamed at my TV, for the laughter, for the fics...
Cas’s text had left him speechless. Of course, Dean could have guessed, since the community center was accommodating the AA meetings, that was only logical that their events were alcohol-free. It was rather the fact that Cas had read between the lines and offered an answer that was not in the slightest bit pitiful. Dean had suddenly felt better about the idea and he was barely regretful when he arrived at the community center, the trench coat crumpled in his hand.
She walked straight to the porch and made a show, one foot up on the railing, bending on it with a big grin on her face, looking straight at Dean.
Okay, her purpose was to help Dean getting laid and she should feel bad it didn’t happen but that was the funniest story ever. An insect kink, holy shit. She was laughing so hard her stomach hurt. Dean’s speechless face was EVERYTHING.
He maybe was a drunkard but he wasn’t rude enough to fly away with the coffee Cas just bought him. On the other side, he was totally rude enough to try to drink it as fast as he could and he took a mouthful about half the cup in one go.
Dean gaped at him and frowned, utterly speechless. Castiel could see the gears turning in his mind as he desperately tried to find an argument to refute him. After a few seconds and a new drink at his glass, he suddenly shook his head. Sweet Lord, the guy was stubborn.
After breakfast, Sam corners him while doing the dishes. Jack and Cas go out to work on the garden they started together. A watermelon, double the size of Sam's face was growing  and there was no signs it was stopping. Jack was rather proud of it and would beg Cas to measure it everytime they went outside.
They sit in silence for a couple of minutes, enjoying each other's company. "Sam asked if I was in love with you yesterday and I told him to fuck off." Cas leans his head against Dean's shoulder. "He knows that something is going on between us. I think I'm scared to say it aloud, then it makes us real." Cas looks up at him and Dean can basically see the love in Cas' eyes. He gets caught up in his eyes for a bit, then remembers to finish his story.
Dean grits his jaw and practices the breathing Cas taught him when he gets angry. Breathe in for 7 seconds, breathe out for 8 seconds. He does and feels stupid afterwards. Like a girl who got rejected at prom. Holding in all her emotions so her makeup doesn't run.
He skips until he sees his old name again, "Caught Sam calling Deanna Dean today. I'm guessing it's what she likes being called now. Anywhere I fixed it with quick slap, Deanna got in the way so I slapped her too. If she wants to be a man so bad, I'll treat her like one"
Dean wanted to argue, he wasn't a dad. at least not a good one. He decided not to cause the kid looked happy to be here with him and he didn't want to ruin that.
He seems to perk up again and Dean feels the knot loosen. They work in silence until they get it into the oven. Sam comes back from his run and goes straight to his room for a shower. No sign of Cas.
Jack sends Dean lazy smile as he steals some bacon. "Jack, please eat some fruit with breakfast. Your eating habits are worse then Dean's." Dean scoffs, not because he wasn't right but because it just felt right to do so.
The door to Cas' room is open but Dean knocks anyway. Cas looks up from his phone and tells Dean to come in. The room is pretty empty, everything personal was in their room. He closes the door behind him and sits next to Cas in the bed.
Jack wants to watch power rangers while they all eat breakfast, so they do. Cas eats his bacon a little undercooked, his taste for undercooked meat is disgusting. Jack has 8 pancakes on his plate, and dean about 2 pounds of bacon.
He feels his jaw tighten. The same angry jerk his dad had. His eye water again at the thought of being anything like him. At the thought of ever being someone his dad didn't want. At the thought that he be is someone his dad would hate.  Because now his father would see him as a man, he has a dick to prove it. And the facial hair and muscle and jaw and everything that makes you a son of John Winchester but he still likes men. And being gay was being weak and feminine and disgusting.
Imagine how dad would react, finding out his tranny son was fucking dudes. His face burns as he imagine the slap he would get. He can feel spit as his dad screams at him and threatens to kick him out.
Cas has given him the stage and won't talk until he's done. "Then I got mad. Sam brought up dad and to be honest, I don't think about him much these days. I realized Cas, that my dad would hate me." Cas pulls him by his hip closer, so there's no space left between them. "You came in and I cried, I think because I'm comfortable around you. Then I got mad again because dad would hate that. Me finding comfort in someone, more so a guy."
Sam walks in from his run, just to poke his head in and tell him he already ate breakfast and to not bother making any extra for him. The asshole probably already had his coffee, no luck with his punishment then.
Sam shuts up with his face drawn tight. Dean can already feel his eye water and his fist tighten. So instead of facing his problems, he runs away.
"Dean," it's not a question or a statement, just a word he puts into the word. For some reason it makes him turn around. Cas looks like shit. His head is everywhere, his eyes are sunken in with dark circles under them, like he didn't get any sleep last night. Dean blames himself. If he could just control his emotions.
Cas raises an eyebrow and tilts his head in the cute puppy way he always does. "Do you wish to be big spoon?" Dean just nods, he really fucking didn't. Whether it was his pride, his ego, or just a fear of being laughed out, he kept his mouth shut.
Cas hits his arm with the back of his hand, dean whines. Even human, it felt like Cas still had angel strength. "Language," He whispers, "Jack don't repeat that."
Dean feels his insides knot. "Nothing personal kid. I just haven't had to tell anyone since Cas pulled me from hell."
"You in love with Cas?" Dean jerks from the surprise of the questions. He shoves another clean cup in Sam hand for him to dry. Thank God, he only had three left. "Shut up."
Sam knocks and before they can answer, he comes in like always. Not even bothered by their positions he peaks his head in farther, "jack wants that burger place down the road, do you guys want something?"
Jack and Cas finally make it out after an hour and a half. They really do look alike in the morning, still half asleep, dragging their feet.
"I missed you too, Dean. Very, very much." He grips his hand tighter for a couple of seconds before relaxing again.
He almost felt angry at the thought of being like him, almost. But instead of balling his fist up, he cried. He cried because fuck his dad, fuck his standards and thoughts and feelings about what dean could and couldn't be. Fuck him because he was dead and Dean was here with his brother and the love of his life and a pretty damn good kid. Fuck him because he was going to be a good dad and a better partner then he ever was.
He silently fills his cup, adds nothing before drinking it. His hip leaning across the counter, his shoulder peaks out the to big shirt Sam gave him. Sam gave him a shirt yesterday. Cas couldn't sleep in his own clothes or Dean's because Dean kicked him out so he went to Sam. Fuck.
They eat in the dean cave again, Cas and dean on the floor, this time together. Dean kicks his leg over Cas, so his thighs is over his knees, Cas' hand is leaned over Dean's shoulder and toys with his collarbones.
Cas runs his finger across the back of his hand, tracing the vein there. A nervous habit he picks up while human. "You and Sam had a fight earlier today." He states. "Do you wish to discuss it?"
Cas walks in, not long after, while Dean and Jack watch a video about a spaceship. Dean looks a little bored but says nothing because whenever Jack finds something interesting they ask dean if he thinks it's cool. Dean says yes every time.
Cas tilts his head and reaches to touch Dean's forearm. Dean squares his shoulders and pushes his hand away.
Dean escapes to his room after breakfast. He spends time reread the back pages of his dad's journal. Guessing John liked to write personal things to take his mind off the hunt. The first paragraph tales about how he wishes Mary the best in heaven. He skips over the next few until he lands on his dead name.
Then pulls him into a hug and rubs his shoulders until Dean melts into him. They lay together, Cas on his back with Dean directly on top of him. Random kisses his neck and pokes at his side to prove he isn't asleep.
Goddamn he really loves Cas. The former angel that rebelled for him, that sacrificed himself because he's loved Dean since he saved him from hell. 12 years of pining and Dean still treats him like shit.
Dean was masculine, he was a manly man. Strong, deep voice, likes shooting guns, fast cars, tits, beer. So give him a break if he likes to be held after sex. He never has seen women as fragile, hell, most the women he's slept women have hit him during sex. Given that, he had no problem being the little spoon after. Until his das caught him cuddling in the back on the Impala with a Russian chick he met on their most recent hunt. He told his to man up and start acting like the man he thought he was. A week of torture of John pointing to different women and asking if he would let them spoon him later, he never cuddled after sex and if he did he was the big spoon.
Dean sits in the silence he created. He doesn't cry because that would make him a girl, wouldn't it?  So he sits, he sits until he's to tired to sit. Sleep comes easy but staying that way doesn't. He wakes up every 30 minutes and turns to face Cas' side of the bed.
Cas had a habit of sleeping in, so Dean got his morning shower in. Then made coffee for him and Cas, not Sam cause he pissed him off yesterday. He started asking about him and Cas again, like it was any of his business or like he knows what's going on between them. They haven't label it yet.
" I'm happy for you, Cas is one of my best friends and he totally likes you back. He's eyes go all soft when he looks at you and he touches you way to much."
When they got him back from the empty, the first thing Dean did was hug him. The second he got Cas alone, the kiss came next. Then waited a week for the sex step. So now Cas has been sleeping in his bed for a month. Sneaking out so Sam doesn't find out, Cas never tried to change Dean's mind about it. He seemed to understand, of course he did.
He should create a dating app for lonely and irritating patrons. At least they would get off his back.
Janice trying to set Cassie for another date. It didn’t happen in a long time and for a while, he thought the poor diligent woman had exhausted all the men in the county crazy enough to go on a date with his brother.
Missouri chipped loudly and Donna choked on her donut bite. Meg angrily grabbed the pen from Jack’s hand and scratched his notepad with so much rage she teared the paper. “Don’t fucking note that down !”
At that tiny admission, dropped in a careless tone, Castiel bit his lip to repress a smile. If the day had nothing in common with what Castiel daydreamed about when he burnt his breakfast that morning, it was a good day, nonetheless. An exhausting but excellent day.
He shouldn’t have lost his shit like this. It wasn’t about him; it was about Sammy’s life. They were Sammy’s family, not his. What harm would it do if he were out of their lives for good ? Probably not much.
It didn’t work. He asked every question that came to his mind, but Cassie didn’t even bother to answer further than a few yes or no. He wasn’t even lying; he would have seen it. Cassie just stared outside, sipping on his coffee. The questions drifted to more and more unbelievable theories.
For those confused by the 'weeding' joke, it's the process of evaluating the collections of a library and deciding (based on serious criteria, of course) which item to discard and which item to keep. A large majority of non-librarian folks (and sadly even a few librarians) consider weeding a very evil thing. But we have do it, believe me.
’ before Dean was all over the place again. The picture of the tiny baby rolled up in a green blanket captioned “
Misunderstandings were one of the worst things on Earth and Castiel was a fervent believer of communication as a peacekeeping’s tool. He couldn’t help it : he
He avoided her eyes and she could see crystal clear that he was reluctant to say it again. He snatched the can from her hand in a rough motion and drained it in one go.
He had spent more time that he would admit on his application and the wait had been fucking torture. When he hung up the phone, he felt cold sweat running down his back. This shit was about to get real. What if it didn’t turn out well ?
“I’m fine. It was a temporary contract, you know. Nothing went wrong. I’ll find something else.” Why was everybody so worried about that ? He didn’t leave Sioux Falls to settle somewhere, get married and start a lifelong career in a boring company. He left to move around, try some things, enjoy the freedom of a life without constraint. Maybe it was becoming a bit of a struggle, but he regretted nothing. Dean added “And Sam sent me the ad, for the job at the library.” There was absolutely no chance that his brother didn’t tell that to Bobby. Those two were way too close and shared a nasty tendency for gossip. Especially about Dean.
What a great start Dean Winchester. Acing it, really. Who gives a shit about the crappy coat ? The purpose is to get butt naked as soon as possible. And at least the guy tried to remember his name from his profile, that was not his case.
“’bout time !” yelled the grumpy voice after two rings. Sam wasn’t lying about that, Bobby was pissed.
Please enjoy your two chapters ♥ and as I said, it's my first fic ever and my first time writing in english so please don't be shy to let me know if I've made any mistake or if you just wanna give me your opinion on the story or the writing ! You'll be very welcome.
And as I said, there’ll be some stuff coming soon, so please subscribe if you don't wanna miss them :
Don’t forget we have a team meeting at 9:30 next Tuesday. The agenda hasn’t changed but I wanted to let you know that we had news from the HR and Deputy Mayor Crowley : we found our next Music & Film librarian. We’ll talk about it on Tuesday.
This. This kind of stuff. It made Dean feel so bad he wanted to crawl in a hole and die. And what for ? Because after weeks all over the map, he finally tries to reach out to Cas and Cas, of course, says “
What was that expression Balthazar use all the time ? Something like cooked brain cells ? No, no it was fried brain cells. Dean looked exactly like he just fried a lot of them. He was staring back at him in awe for so long Castiel felt the urge to clear his throat.
Sam checked for the millionth time that his daughters favorite teddys were there and went on about the bath, the diner, and the bedtime for each. He glanced twice at Eileen, sprawled on the couch.
“The HR have literally no idea what we’re doing here, I’d rather be short a guy than working with one more moron.” Meg was obviously looking at Jack, who was so focused on his notepad that he didn’t realized what was happening.
Did you know that one of my beta, @Erkhaly, was writing an amazing songfic ? Check out her profile, it's angsty, it hurts but you'll want more, I swear !
The scandalized look on Dean’s face was priceless. Eileen leaned a bit on the side, since her forward motions were less and less available, and stole his can of coke. After two sips, she nodded to herself.
I know I promised fluff, and there will be. But just like it is in real life, the path to well being isn't a straight clean highway and things don't just keep getting better. Sometimes it goes backward for a bit.
He gritted his teeth and rubbed his face as hard as he could. He wasn’t going down that road, no way.
I'm currently working on the third part of this serie, it's harder for me since I usually draw my energy into sorrow and unhappiness and there'll be not as much angst as I'd like. But my beta's are really helpful !
When Cas came back, Dean was very busy licking the remaining of barbecue sauce on his fingers. He froze and remembered he weren’t alone in his living room like the old bachelor he was. Grabbing a towel to wipe his hands and face, he tried to look as apologetic as he could since he didn’t feel one bit sorry. Cas finally drew his eyes away from his face and sat back on the bench.
It’s been a few weeks since Sam came with Eileen and the kids because he was afraid to find his brother drunk, or his house a total mess. Last time they came together to visit, Dean managed to work 12 hours a day at the garage; only coming back to drink a couple beers and doze off on the couch 20 minutes later. Seeing the kids seemed to help at first, when they were babies. Eileen was always on board to come and see him, she’d tried to talk to him, she’d been friendly, caring, supportive and never judged him for his lifestyle or the condition of his home. But lately, Dean’s seemed to be running away, pretending he forgot that they were coming. He always had work to do, he needed sleep. All excuses seemed handy to avoid spending much time with them when they were at his place, even though he’d never refused them to come. He couldn’t refuse anything to Sam, anyway.
That was rich, for a guy who just called him out on being rude. He made a living out of these hands, which was probably not his case. With a tie so lame, Castiel was probably working in a chair all day.
Dean, whose face seemed suddenly a lot redder and not because of the morning sunlight or the running session, came by and angrily move her foot to retrieve the forgotten trench coat hanging there.
He fished a knife out of his pocket and held it to Castiel. Of course, he was the kind of guy that always carried a knife. Castiel took it and carefully sliced the pie, while Dean asked.
I hope you missed Balthazar because he's back and ready to kick ass ♥ I found this chapter very sweet, I hope you'll love it too
In front of him, Dean nodded slightly. Something had shifted between them, even Castiel, with his rusty people skills, could feel it. They’ve passed beyond the wariness and the awkwardness. Castiel knew Dean was gruff and heavy-handed and he wasn’t upset about it anymore. On his side, Dean seemed to have grown accustomed to Castiel quirkiness, and when he wasn’t smiling at it, his reaction now was more often genuine curiosity than judgement. At least it was what Castiel felt, but he could be wrong, of course. He hadn’t been the best as reading human’s mind.
Dean blinked twice, still silent. That was too good to be true, actually. He asked slowly, suddenly a bit more assured as the conversation shifted to his field :
He took two cushions out of the couch and clapped them together, resulting in a little cloud of cat’s hair that made him sneeze twice with the cutest noise Dean’s ever heard.
That was not helping. Not at all. She told him twice he was overdoing it and now she was getting her revenge by sitting there and watching him trying not to look like a crazy doting father. She had a little satisfied smile on her face and was exchanging the most annoying looks with Dean. He wasn’t bold enough to tell her anything out loud, so he just gritted his teeth and rolled his eyes.
“Hi !” Jody sat in a chair and put her papers and a mug of coffee on the table in front of her. Her eyes wandered around her. “Can we start ? Is everyone there ?”
Why did Sammy had to be a greedy piece of shit and ask for a brother in good shape on top of that ? Couldn’t he be satisfied with a crappy drunk of an uncle for his kids ?
The worst wasn’t that he had to leave the meeting in a hurry after thirty minutes of silent suffering. It wasn’t either the fact that he had spent nearly two hours on the bathroom floor, emptying his stomach into the toilets. Or that he’d scared Jo to death. Or that he was being pampered like a frickin’ kid.
Castiel anticipated a lot of possibilities. Dean could be reluctant, sardonic. He could feel embarrassed for him maybe. Bringing the pie for him to taste was probably a wrong move. He should have asked Balthazar. His brother tried to pump him for some dirt since he asked him about the baking. And during the whole process. And after. Castiel did not let go and his brother was now convinced he was trying to seduce someone.
The vice on his heart lessened a bit and he nodded silently, not trusting himself to speak, before lying back again, griping Eileen’s hand.
He was precisely the kind of moron who went on a date with the wrong person and did not even notice. To top it off, Cas seemed to know what thought popped in his head. However, he was polite enough to keep any snarky comment for himself (Dean would never have) and just asked :
As often when he was stuck in that kind of dilemma, he wondered what Balthazar would do. Not to do the same, of course, since the man was clearly nut, but Castiel recently found out that a compromise between what he would do and what his brother would do was often a good option. At his place, no doubt that Balthazar would be back at Dean’s house without notice, even coming inside to check if his coat was there.
I came across your music and film librarian job opening at Sioux Falls Public Library on the website and I would like to apply for this position.
Do you think they have set a filter to send you this auto reply whenever you send them an email containing the word “replacement” ?
Please let me know if you imagine something for the end or if you really wish to see something happen later in the story. It feels like a challenge to include things, I like it !
Beside him, Cassie sighed loudly and leaned forward, putting his face in his hands. When Balthazar benefited from a red light to add his right hand to the party, he got smacked faster than his shadow.
He seemed a bit out of breath and Allison was now grabbing at his hair. Sam winced. He knew first-hand that it was rather painful. Dean slid on the floor, explaining that the pony was tired and needed a break. Sam watched his baby daughter taking every toy out of the bag in the small living room while her big sisters was tearing more and more at Dean’s collar to take a good look at the tattoo underneath. He pinched the bridge of his nose. Maybe that wasn’t a good idea, after all. Eileen got on her feet and touched his shoulder.
And Castiel was happy to be fluent enough in Dean Winchester to notice he was only grumbling on principle. His eyes, on the contrary, were very fond.
When all the faces in the alley turned towards him, Castiel realized he must have yell louder than he thought. A few feet away, Dean had frozen and when he turned to him, he did not look happy.
Cas had the most piercing look he’s ever saw. Even without turning back, he could feel it on his neck while he waited for the pies, propped up against the counter.
As whenever he felt a bit overwhelmed, Castiel tried to organize his thoughts. He was told countless time in was a helpful method, but it seemed that he was as good at it as he was at organizing his earthly possessions.
Once more, Cas was faster and more alert than him, and by the time the guy went down the stairs Dean had just managed to ask :
Cas was babbling about things he couldn’t even proceed because he was going through his personal Vietnam there, trying to eat as fast as he could without gagging.
Charlie got up and extended a hand “Sorry, I’m invisible there. That’s my cave. I’m Charlie Bradbury, Electronics resources and Teens services. You must be Dean ?”
She could see it on his face. It was like the thoughts themselves were so unlikely, so absurd, that he couldn’t even form the words. In that kind of moments, she wished she could destroy all those walls he had built inside him. There was a time when they were probably necessary for his survival and his brother’s, but now Dean seemed imprisoned. He had built his view of the world and his whole personality pretty much all alone or with the help of toxic parenting and dubious society standards.
Dean suddenly stopped talking and got out of the hood like he forgot something. Castiel visually followed him as he went inside, leaving the door open. He caught a glimpse of a neat living room, with a worn-out leather couch and wooden furniture. The sound of a door closing somewhere inside made him jump and he turned back. Dean offered to look at his car, he didn’t invite him inside. That would be very rude to spy on his house. Castiel kept his eyes on the two cars in the driveway, even when he heard the footsteps coming back.
“Stop whining. One hour in a jacket for every Friday night on my couch, with beer, burgers and your fucking concert t-shirt.” He refused to let Dean threw his chance away just because he was too insecure to try. Dean could shove up his fake
Thank God the trench coat didn’t have a belt. His brother was pissed enough to strangle him with it. Cassie opened the door of the closet, threw the bag inside and stormed out of the living room.
Sat on Dean’s porch steps, Castiel was fidgeting with the tiny rip in the right knee of his brand-new pair of jeans. How stupid it was to buy clothes that were already damaged ? He shouldn’t have listen to Balthazar when they went back to the shop to return the coat.
The pencil still spinning around his left fingers, Ash leaned back in his chair and went back to his smartphone. This article on the moon landing was fascinating. All those pictures with the immobile flag were disturbing…Yes, they told everybody that it was a solid flag, made to imitate a flying fabric one, but… it also could have been that they fucked up with the pictures and came up with a lie to cover it all. Because, clearly, it was impossible that -
What ruined him the most wasn’t even that he was so low. He’d been low before, like really low. Lower than Sammy could probably imagine. No, what really bothered him was that he was unable to fake it in front of his family. Hadn’t he been the same miserable guy for years without Sam being worried ? Maybe it wasn’t that bad then ? He wasn’t sure anymore. He didn’t even remember what okay felt like.
The snort of disdain that escaped him was so loud that the whole street could’ve hear it. Cas stepped back, clearly offended and pinched his mouth before leaving. When this sobriety thing would be dealt with, he thought, he should really work on his social skills. At least the guy realized the mistake and Dean fitted his date’s description best than the other way around. If one of them was a moron, it was Dean.
I hope you'll love that very glamour chapter, I'd be happy to have your opinion, please leave a comment or kudos, they keep me going !!!
Cas came from behind the house, dressed in a weary jean with dirt on the knees and an old t-shirt stamped with a honey brand that claimed “
Dean sat cautiously on the couch, to let the white cat sleep soundly. In the next room, behind the lamest pearl curtain ever seen on Earth, Cas was fumbling with dishes and Dean could hear him self-talking between the clatter of the cabinets. Dean took the opportunity to look around a bit more. Every surface was occupied. By books and papers, mostly, but also with potted plants, and some diverse clutter such as a tray with both delicate pink China and a mug weirdly labeled as  “Best Sister-In-Law in the Universe”. The tabby cat was now drinking in a bucket placed just under the windowsill.
” could absolutely be on the list of Dean’s unexpected qualities, because ten minutes later, Castiel hands were covered in grease and he had to fight back the urge to swear very unholy things. Apparently forty-two-year-old male fingers were not as efficient as tiny girls’ to handle those miniature evil lightbulbs. He knocked it off twice, the second time so deep into the engine, it took Dean nearly five minutes to retrieve it. And when he finally managed to screw it in place, he did it so forcefully the poor thing shattered in pieces between his fingers. After a few other try and despite his focus flying away, Castiel finally succeed. He straightened and casted Dean a look of true desperation.
“I never said that was ideal but it had already happened, so maybe we could focus on the bright side, which is the position is no longer vacant and…”
, thought Dean while holding his comforter tight around him, was that he would probably never be able to see a pie again without feeling sick.
And he stayed on the bench, eating with his fingers while looking around him. Suddenly he couldn’t understand was he was so worked up about earlier. That was pretty cool. The food was good, there was a few familiar faces, from the meeting and the staff, and even the people he never met seemed nice. He should remember that feeling for next time. He knew he tended to expect the worse of everything. That would be nice to have in store a recent and tangible memory about a time things turned out better that he could have imagined.
Jo’s eyebrows shot up as Dean opened and closed his mouth without making a single sound. Of course, he was getting defensive, as he always did at first when they talk about something private. But one massive improvement of the last months, to Jo’s opinion, was that Dean was now aware of that. That was one small step for Dean Winchester, one giant leap for mental health preservation. He put the coat back on the railing and rubbed his neck.
They remained silent for a moment, eyes closed, rocked by the soft breathing of the kids. When Castiel shifted to speak to Dean, he discovered that he was looking right at him.
Sam sighted. Life had been tough on his brother. He’d lost loved ones and spent all his life working is ass off to pay for college, to help him settle nicely. All his energy went to other people, and when it came to indulge himself, it was like he had no will left.
It must have been a beautiful building, a long time ago, but now it looked a bit decrepit. Yet, the garden around was amazing, if you liked the wild jungle vibes.
I'm darn proud of myself (it doesn't happen that often so...), not only I finished this project but I stuck to my posting schedule for more than four months. I can't believe it !
Cassie angrily folded the trench coat and put it back inside the bag with so much force he tore it up.
The kids scattered in a burst of laughter while Cas stood up and turned around, dusting off his jeans. Dean wondered why the hell the guy chose to come to a date wearing an oversized coat and a lame-ass tie. What a waste.
The last jobs he got were always through acquaintances or because he found himself at the right time and place. Not to mention that they were just…jobs. Some of them were crappy, some of them were nice and he genuinely enjoyed it but beside of the money, there never was any stake.
Meg loud snort interrupted her. “You mean there was no one from the library team at the interview ? Neither you nor Clarence ? Great. GREAT.”
Cas was good looking, he couldn’t lie about that. Even in a ridiculous baby pink shirt with a kitten in the pocket. And kinda nice. He was also really funny, in his own way. And very surprising. He could turn borderline scary when he was mad, and he seemed to have an endless numbers of secrets hobbies that keep popping into the conversations. And when Dean showed him how to change the lightbulb in his car, he leaned so closed he was able to smell…what was it ? His laundry ? Or his shampoo ? It couldn’t have been aftershave, Cas hasn’t shaved that day and Dean even noticed the spots where his stubble started to turn gr-
For two hours now, he had tried to turn in his squeaking bed a silently as possible to not wake up Sammy, sleeping in the next room.
He should stop blathering. He’d been told it was a confusing habit he had when feeling edgy. He shut his mouth and kept looking at Dean. There must be some cogs spinning up there.
That thought made him a bit flustered and he suddenly felt guilty about it. The fact that Dean came to him for a bit of comfort didn’t mean anything beside they were becoming friends. Castiel wouldn’t, for the love of God, take any advantage of Dean who had felt secure enough to share his struggle with him. That would be an awful thing to do.
She turned her head to see Dean, who sat on the grass in front of her, resting his elbows on his bended knees. He took a sip of the can of coke he was holding and smiled to her.
From time to time, his eyes fell on the t-shirt and he had to load more chicken into his mouth to avoid smiling like a maniac.
This is my first story ever, and this is also the first time I write anything in english, so it was a biiig adventure for me. I'm glad I made it to the end and I'm glad I posted it for y'all to read. I've been sooo happy with the feedback, it kept me going and made me want to write tons of new stories.
With a bad feeling weighting her stomach, she went back to the front door and fumbled for two minutes before she managed to pick the lock and rushing inside.
Whenever he tried to do something outside of this field, he was just a misfit. The kind that brings inedible pie for months without knowing he’s poisoning everyone. The kind everyone feels so sorry for they couldn’t even tell him about it.
The man looked up and blinked a few times. Janice had told him to ditch the trench coat but it seemed to be a good landmark, so he kept it. Since the man didn’t seem inclined to talk, he waved his hand a little at him and took a step closer.
It was like Castiel’s inside was slowly filled with warm water as the data reached his brain. Every muscle in his body relaxed, except the ones pulling his lips into a large smile.
Castiel sighted and sat on the nearest chair, looking like a pile of ragged laundry. He was so miserable Balthazar almost felt like pumping the brakes. Almost.
However, he couldn’t turn down Eileen’s offer. Before he could process what was going on, she had switched seats with her husband and took Dean’s hands on her baby bump. There was nothing funny, so why the hell did he feel like laughing ? The baby was kicking like crazy; it was so weird to...feel it ? Through another human being. It should feel gross.
He slammed the bunker's door behind him. The tears finally came, his heart crushing him. Dean needed sex. Needed it like he needed to breath. If he couldn't get past his fear of having sex with him, he would most definitely go and find it somewhere else.
Cas smiled then, a bright, break your heart smile and Dean couldn't help smiling back. Just feeling the angel's joy was enough to make his own heart soar to the clouds. “And I love you.”
As he reached the kitchen, the voices grew louder and he stopped just outside, staying outside as he listened. “How are you feeling, Cas?” his brother asked the angel. Dean's heart twisted painfully in his chest. While Dean was having his dramatic meltdown, he'd forgotten Cas was injured.
“Before… Before I leave them, for good. When I get back, Dean. I don't plan on leaving, ever. If that's okay with you, that is.”
“Maybe he'll talk to you.” The sound of footsteps fading away before the door shut again. He knew who it was, knew it was Cas before looking at him. He still needed the conformation though. Pain hit him again when he saw the misery in those blue eyes. Releasing his hair, he backed up to the Impala and slid down it. And damn, the tears were still flowing. He wanted to hide, he wanted to run, but he couldn't pull his focus away from the man standing over him.
Dean releases his shoulders, narrowing his eyes in on him, his heart sinking at those words. “Yeah. I know. But that's not what kept you from finding Sam. That's not what's on your mind. So how about the truth?” Watching him shift uncomfortably brought a lot of painful memories back and the terror of that, the panic came on strong. “Just… tell me its something I don't need to worry about… just tell me its not something bad.”
Things go back to normal after their moment in the Impala. Dean understood that Cas had a responsibility to find Kelly. Strangely, he was okay with that. He missed him, of course. All he could think about was the way Cas had surrounded him, how he had felt against him, inside him. But they both had obligations that sent them in different directions, he understood even if he didn't like it.
He drank more. It was like when he was back from hell. Trying to keep the pain and the memories at bay with that burning liquid he loved so much. He tried to forget. But this wasn't like hell. Hell he could forget, even for a few moments. These were emotions he was dealing with, something entirely different. There was no forgetting and there was no getting over it.
“You're amazing, Dean.” Dean didn't have a chance to respond before those fingers started to move in and out of his gaping hole. He groaned loudly at the feel of it, hitting his prostate.
“You're not even going to fight for us?” He started walking slowly towards him again as Cas's eyes widened with understanding, revealing more blue than Dean had ever seen. “You're just going to roll over and forget about it, about us? Did it even mean anything to you?”
Without any words exchanged, they both climb into the car. Dean feels a warm feeling spread through his chest at the thought that Cas doesn't even question leaving his truck behind. Another strange thing, is that Cas has grown weirdly attached to the stupid thing. In a way Dean can relate, but if he is going to get attached to a car, it should be a decent one at least.
He was currently slouched over the map table as Sam was rattling off ideas that they could use to find him. Not concentrating on him, he could feel Dean's eyes boring a hole into him, could feel him practically screaming at him in his mind.
“You don't know if you can risk it,” Dean finished for him. He stayed silent, afraid to admit it. “I get it. I really do.”
Before he could formulate what he wanted to do in his mind, he allowed a yelp of surprise to escape  his lips at a sudden movement. He was now on his back and hovering above him was Cas, looking at him darkly. Dean was about to ask what he thought he was doing, after all this was suppose to be Dean showing Cas just how much he wanted him, needed him. He didn't get a chance to say anything because a sudden rush of cold air hit his now free cock. He looked down and low and behold, he was completely naked from the waist down.
Of course his searches come up empty, just like they did for his brother. There's no signs as to where they could be, nothing, and he wants to throw the damn computer through the window. He refrains though, knowing that when – not if – he gets Sammy back he wouldn't be too pleased at coming home to a broken laptop.
Cas smiled sadly at him and Dean knew. Cas would always remember, nothing would change that. He would always feel that pain. He would always feel that love. It would always be with him every time he looked at Dean, it would always be with him every time they talked. But Dean wouldn't share that pain, wouldn't feel it, wouldn't understand why Cas was hurting all the time. He couldn't do that to him. As much as he did want to forget, as much as he did want to be rid of this hurt, he couldn't let Cas be alone in this.
Realising it has gotten distracted, it focuses back on the human and slithers up its body, licking at the air around the human. It moves deliciously slow, savouring this moment. It has never entered a vessel before and it wants to enjoy every moment of this. It moves closer and notices that the human hasn't sensed it.
He couldn't answer him, couldn't bring himself to. He knew that as soon as he spoke, Sam would be able to tell that he'd been crying, tell that something was going on. But if he didn't answer, Sam would grow worried and would probably force his way in. If he answered, Sam would give him space to leave the shower room before harassing him with questions. “Y-yeah. All good, Sammy.”
“Dean?” Sam's voice broke the quiet of the room and Dean snapped his eyes back to his brother, worry and nervousness returning. “Want to explain what just happened?”
Cas slowly turned to face him. His eyes were soft but wary and Dean wanted nothing more than to bundle him up in his arms and just kiss away all their pain, all his pain. Of course, he couldn't do that, he would only be rejected. He fisted his hands at his sides, forcing himself not reach out to him. Cas needed space and that's what he was going to give him. Nothing good could come out of unwanted comfort.
He should have cared that his brother was sat right there. But the happiness of knowing Cas hadn't left him, became overwhelming. He was no longer in control of his movements as he moved towards the angel. Determination set in now. Cas's eyes grew wide and took a step back, but Dean was faster. He pushed him up against the bookcase. Cas gave a startled gasp just as Dean pressed his lips to his. He pushed his tongue in, tasting him. The need and hunger clouded his judgement. He'd forgotten about his brother, forgotten about the lead they were suppose to be discussing. He groaned and so did Cas. He clung to him, desperate.
Dean let out a chuckle. “I lied. We already had some. I just needed to get away from Sam and his judgement.”
“I'm sorry, Cas. I… I will understand if you want to walk away… for good. I just needed you to know why first. I need you to understand.”
Dean froze, his body tense. Cas waited. Waited for Dean to come to terms with it being out in the open. After what felt like years, Dean finally stood straight and turned to face him. The look in his eyes made Cas reel back. He was terrified. Terrified of what this conversation was going to bring. But Cas didn't care, he needed to know. “Why?”
Dean flips his phone shut with a small, defeated sigh. Another name crossed off the list. He has spent the past two hours, since Cas's arrival calling round all his hunter buddies. No one has heard or seen anything. Its worrying.
“Cas?” Dean's eyes opened at the sound of his name, instantly locking with his blue ones. For a moment no one breathed, no one moved and Cas didn't know if he should be the first one to say something. He watched as Dean took in a deep breath. Castiel needed to say something, anything, that would comfort the man. How could he though? Sam was stood right there and he knew Dean would not appreciate it. “Cas?”
Cas jumped slightly, dropping his hand, turning on the spot to face Dean. When his eyes caught sight of Sam, realisation hit. He lurched forward and crouched down next to Dean. His hand glowed as he healed him.
The tears kept coming. He looked over his shoulder at the hunter. He had his eyes shut, his mouth hung open and his fingers dug deep into Castiel's hip. Then he started moving, slowly. Castiel felt his body slide up the table by the force of the push, felt the cock throb within him, hitting that sweet spot inside him. The pleasure was what made this feeling worse.
This pain was like nothing that had came before. It was more intense, more… agonising. The fist clutched around his vessels beating heart as he watched the ducks swim around the lake. Castiel had lied to Sam and Dean about other contacts for their case. He knew he shouldn't have, knew he should have just gone with Sam and be done with it. But he couldn't go. He couldn't keep pretending that everything was okay. He needed space to breath, to think.
He didn't have time to analyse his feelings at that moment. They were against the clock in the worst possible way. He explained everything. About how Lucifer was on his way and they had to get Kelly out of there. Just as Cas was trying to explain that it was too late to move her, just as the realisation of what that meant made his eyes go round and his mouth slack, a scream pierced through the house. It was a blood curdling scream and if Dean didn't know what was happening he would have assumed someone was being tortured.
“We need to find Sam as quick as possible, if last night is anything to go by.” Cas sounds so matter-of-fact about it, it leaves Dean wondering what he's thinking, wondering where the warm Castiel has disappeared to.
“I'm scared because it was too easy, Dean. Escaping The Empty, it was too easy. I shouldn't have escaped like that, not by blackmailing a powerful being.”
Dropping the bag on the ground, he wound his arms around Cas's waist, and pulled him close. Cas's hand gripped his upper arms tightly, still looking confused. “You're all sad and disappointed.”
Cas's eyes widened and then softened. “Of course not.” He tugged Dean gently towards him, pulling him close, pushing his face into his neck. “I don't want to leave. I just want things to change. I want to be comfortable with you. I want to touch you when I want, kiss you when I want, hold you when I want. I want to be able to laugh with you, talk to you, and even argue with you. What we have going on at the moment isn't making either one of us happy.”
“Fine. You being the nerd can figure it out.” He stood and stretched his arms above his head. Castiel watched in awe as his t-shirt revealed the tiniest sliver of skin. He licked his lips as the arousal came forth again, going south this time. Dean looked down at him and he froze. Castiel allowed his eyes to catch Dean's. And for a moment nothing else mattered, nothing else existed. It was just the two of them. Castiel was about to stand, not sure whether he was going to kiss the guy or drag him to his room. Thankfully he didn't need to make the decision. Sam coughed awkwardly. Dean dropped his arms and flicked his eyes to his brothers. The spell was broken and Castiel was left panting. “I'm going to go out and get beer. We're out.” Dean finished and moved past Castiel.
He showered slowly, not wanting to return to that room, fearing that he'd still be there. But when he entered his room, towel slung around his hip, and he found the room empty, he found his heart droop with the amount of pain it now held. He hadn't feared that he'd still be there, he'd feared that he'd leave.
He couldn't see Cas any more, just his dead body. Only his dead body. What if he'd died? Where would that have left him? Or worse, what if he, himself, had died? How could he leave Cas feeling all that guilt and self-loathing? How could he leave him all alone? Because Cas would, he would blame himself. Those demons had been here for him, after all.
He released his hand, his eyes not wavering. He wanted nothing more than to engulf him in a hug, to tell him it was all going to be okay. But he couldn't. Dean didn't want him, he didn't want that comfort from him. Plus it would be a lie anyway. It wasn't going to be okay, it may never be okay again.
He swung around, the breaking of his heart setting fire to his insides, pushing him to grow in confidence. “Sam had a lot of interesting things to say,” he spat through gritted teeth. “Like, how he told you to end things with me because you're using me. Or how about how Sam thinks that if you can never bring yourself to have sex with me, you'll go find it somewhere else.”
A case. That was what they needed. A much needed distraction. He searched through all the news websites, trying to find something, anything. He'd spent most of the day trying to avoid Cas. He hated doing that, hated how he just couldn't be around him right now. He was so happy that he was here, more than words could say, but at the same time he hated how he had to walk on egg shells around him, worried that he might say something or do something that would send the other man away.
He was already missed Cas. This time in the day, Dean would have gotten a kiss or two maybe more. His shoulders would usually be rubbed after dinner, Cas would come back from his garden and tell Dean what was growing. Sometimes he would sit and talk with him as he shaved or let Dean rant about things that he liked.
"And it's not like I'm Judging you, I did stuff in college. Not my thing but still. I promise I won't freak out like dad."
He feels the plate move and doesn't realize he's crying until his face hits Cas' shoulder. Cas has one arm around his back and the other is holding the back of his head gently. Dean pulls away and wipes his tears.
It reads: "I ain't new to this whole gay thing, even if it was born from sin. This new phase Deanna is trying sounds pretty damn sinful too. Wanting to be male my ass, Mary gave birth to a girl and I'll be damned if she ain't staying that way."
A hand continues to rub at his hip as he takes a pause from his story. "I didn't get any sleep that night, I missed you so much Cas." Cas tighten his grip again, an obvious 'i missed you' back. "Jack called me dad today and came ou-" he pauses. Cas whispers that Jack told him after breakfast so Dean continues. "And I was so proud of them and I told myself I was going to do this right, I wasn't gonna be like him."
Sam gives him a smug look and Dean throws him a middle finger. Which earns him Dean a pinch on the thigh when Jack ask why he just told Sam to fuck off.
When morning comes Dean doesn't want out of bed. He goes anyway, coffee is already made, but breakfast has seem to be skipped. Jack sits on the counter with a recipe book, he flips though the pages and dog ears the ones he likes.
Jack comes back in with a model spaceship, about half the size of them. Cas goes and checks it out immediately, he isn't aloud to touch it so he brings his face real close to look at the detail. It's fucking adorable. Jack makes Dean look at it, pointing at details on the side so he has to bring his face in close too.
Sudden Cas is closer, not face to face but closer by a few steps. "Could you hand me a mug?" he points to the cabinet above Dean's head. Dean gets him the bee one by reflex, Cas smiles. "Thank you, Dean."
Dean feels himself smile too. A wave of pride fills his chest. He pulls Jack in for a hug, the height difference is weird but Dean doesn't mind it. "I'm happy for you, alright?" Jack nods against the top of his head. "I'm so proud of you Jack"
His brother went to the first date Janice’s set up for him with a flower bouquet. No need to say that the guy freaked out. Same problem that one time he went to along with a list of very formal questions to “get to know each other”. Oh, and when he had no more battery on his phone, couldn’t remember the address and showed up one hour late to a restaurant to find and empty table ? That was a good one too !
He could have said something. Dean had told Sammy eons ago that he was swinging both ways. He was kinda drunk at the time, and they never really talked about it again, but it’s not like if he was afraid of his brother’s reaction. The guy was so desperate to see him build something he would probably be okay if Dean were into taxidermized turtles.
Cas looked very focus; he was holding his fork but didn’t touch his slice of apple pie. Dean ate three bites in a row to gather some courage and munched up most of it before starting.
Balthazar is very talented at getting what he wants, even when he's insufferable. Castiel doesn't stand a chance.
Castiel wasn’t used to have visitors besides his siblings and none of them were puzzled anymore by his way of living.
The revenge was shabby but it was a revenge, nonetheless. Castiel enjoyed watching Dean struggle to carry the boxes inside and he may have allowed himself a smile when he stumbled on the doorstep. Of course, he could have held the door for him but he felt a bit mean right now.
Out of nowhere, a hand showed up front of his face, holding a glass of lemonade. He blinked, surprised that Dean interrupted his reparations just to bring him something to drink. When he shook himself and lifted a hand to grab it, Dean was frowning, and he wiped his hand on his jeans the second it was free, while muttering :
, asking each other about a date and a time. Setting a location. The guy wasn’t talkative and it was better this way.
Dean followed Donna’s enthusiastic footsteps. The cheerful blonde woman seemed to be a good choice to welcome a new member in the team. In less than twenty minutes, she had covered a lot of topics and was now giving him a full tour of the offices. Dean could see why she was in charge of the events and activities : Donna seemed to be a very social and energetic person. He
Thank God. He was so relieved that he nodded frantically, only to see a wide smile lightening up Cas’s face.
Dean stopped walking but he didn’t look in a better mood, nonetheless. He ran his hand on his face, looking for his words.
Cas’ face went through a wide range of emotions, none of them positive. It probably wasn’t about the pie itself, more about the fact everyone was talking behind his back for weeks when he tried to do something nice. That, and maybe the fact he was told by a guy he despised. Even Dean, who wasn’t the most observant and empathetic guy in the world, felt sorry for him.
She looked at him like he was the Holy Father or something. And he felt a bit like it. She would probably think a lot less of him when she would grow up and discover that he lied about that, but he could use some admiration in his life right now.
Much to Castiel despair, Dean crunched his nose, not really convinced. It didn’t take a lot of observation skills to note that Dean had an extremely low self-esteem, behind his assured and manly persona.
Embarrassment rushed over him. For weeks now, he managed to avoid this conversation. Every Sunday, he kept himself busy, talking with everyone, in order to keep away from Janice and her comprehensive and sorry looks. She was a caring woman, hearty and more patient than one can imagine, but lately Castiel was feeling like a trophy she wanted on display in her showcase. He could see her giving around business cards indicating : “
His brother sounded so convinced, so sure, it took all Sam’s willpower away. He knew that could happen, he’d read about it, he’d talked about it with Eileen, but right now, Sam couldn’t remember anything useful. He could see Dean’s inner struggle going on and on, and he felt his stomach sink even lower as the helplessness overtook him. Sam’s hand made a move and then gripped at his own knee. It wasn’t a good idea to touch Dean right now, as much as he wished he could crush his brother into an embrace, both to restrain him and to make him feel safe. If he had found the right words once, he could do it again. Dean needed him to. Sam wished his voice was steadier when he finally found the courage to talk.
In front of him, Dean didn’t look mad. Puzzled, at best ? And suddenly he throwed is head back and barked a loud laugh that made Castiel startle. He tapped his shoulder so hard Castiel nearly fell against the hallway wall and went back to the meeting room.
He couldn’t finish the sentence because Dean suddenly saw exactly what he meant and snatched the box from Cas’ hands.
The second text was sent before Castiel really realized. He stared at the screen for a long moment but nothing happened. The relativity theory was probably all about those situations. Dean had probably better plans and he didn’t know them that much
Sam laughed softly. Dean was doing way better lately. He had been so concerned for so long about more serious issues that he wasn’t going to lose his shit about his brother making a scene in the street with a random guy.
Cas looked like a kicked puppy, his eyes going from his ruined coat and to Dean in an endless back and forth.
“Sorry…but we have to leave right after the meeting, we’re going to the retirement home, you know, the video game discovery session... We won’t have the time to type it and…” After seeing the look on Jody’s face, Charlie offered “…if you can wait for a day or two to have the report…”
And he was too clean to live in a cave. His plaid shirt wasn’t ironed but it looked fresh and his beard was neatly clipped, he had a proper haircut (unlike him) and his fingernails were... they were…
There was a certain category of people who were just babies in the woods for that kind of unscrupulous businesses, and Cas was definitely one of them. A baby in a trench coat, but still.
that feeling. It was a new thing, like being hyperconscious of everything sometimes, focusing on tiny things he would have never noticed before. A few months ago, into the numbness of the booze, he wouldn’t have cared. Even before, when he was younger, he wouldn’t have even
Sam offers him a reassuring smile and leaves. Just like that. Gone. They're alone now and still Dean can't bring himself to look at the angel. He trains his eyes on the blanket covering his half naked body, burning a hole right through the material. Instantly he feels vulnerable. Exposed. He doesn't like that feeling. He's never felt it before and he really, really doesn't like it.
“Yeah, man, lets do this.” His voice sounds croaky, like he hasn't drunk enough water. He mentally slaps himself for sounding too weak and walks over to where the laptop sits on the table. He fires it up and looks back at Cas. He immediately regrets it because he can clearly see Cas doesn't believe him one bit, looking like he wants to push for answers. Before Cas can ask him anything, he pushes on. “What have you been doing all night?” He needs to know if Cas has made any progress, knowing full well that Cas wouldn't just sit there doing nothing while he slept, he would be searching for something, anything to help.
The tears had finally stopped and he had just about managed to calm himself down, but still he couldn't bring himself to move. There was no energy left to pretend. He could no longer pretend that everything was okay. He was broken, there was no denying it. And in that moment he knew he would never be the same again.
“And you think I can lose you? You constantly make stupid, dangerous, selfish decisions, but I at least understand why you need to do them. Why can't you understand why I need to do this?” This was becoming a shouting match now, but Castiel was not going to back down from this.
A clap sounded through the room. “Great. I'll go get showered and then we can discuss what our next move should be,” Dean spoke with an overly cheery voice and it didn't settle well with Castiel. But he didn't allow himself to react to it. He couldn't. This was for Dean. That's what he needed to keep telling himself. This was for Dean.
He brought her a couple of drinks, they laughed, they flirted and then finally she asked if they wanted to get out of there and go some place more private. He agreed without a second thought. As he followed her through the crowded room, his thoughts automatically went back to the angel and his gut twisted uncomfortably. He watched the woman's ass sway from side to side and pushed those traitorous thoughts to the back of his mind.
Looking back at the demon bitch, hoping to have it out with her, he was surprised to find that she wasn't looking at him, but over him, behind him, the smile now turning smug. Dean glanced over his shoulder as he felt the wet floor soak his elbows from where he was leaning on them. The rain was freezing and he felt a shiver run through him. It wasn't because of the cold, though. His heart stopped at the sight of two demons holding Cas, each gripping an arm, each holding an angel blade to his throat. Cas looked defeated and frightened and furious all at once. He knew Cas could handle himself, knew he could probably break free if he tried.
Dean gaped at him, but nodded all the same and it made Cas smile. He gripped Dean's hip with his other hand, bringing their groins into contact. He could feel Dean's hardening cock in his jeans and he was sure Dean could feel his as well. He could hear Dean's breathing pick up speed at this sudden close contact.
“Why? Why shouldn't I Dean? Give me one good reason.” His voice turned to begging, to pleading. The anger was disintegrating, petering out. He needed to know why they couldn't do this. He needed this.
Dean shot his head to the sound of a gasp. Cas was now standing. He regretted looking at him. He felt the anger leave him, he felt the pain and the heartbreak and the fear come forwards. He softened his eyes. His brother faded in to the background. He could do this. He could explain his reasoning. He took a deep breath and continued. “I can't… I can't watch you die. The safest place for you is as far away from me as you can get.”
The bunker shook again, longer and heavier than all the others. Furniture snapped and cracked, photos crashed and smashed, books tumbled and thumped, light bulbs exploded and darkness was starting to descend, room by room. The back-up generator was letting out a strange, high-pitched noise that echoed through the corridors.
So, what was he suppose to do? He had no idea how to even begin to get over these feelings, he had no one to talk to either. He glanced around at his surroundings, completely at a lost. He was just about to give up and start his search for Kelly, when a prayer sounded in his head. “Cas? Its Sam. We need to talk. Something's going on with Dean.”
Dean hated the idea of sending him away again but it needed to be done. It had to be done. He nodded his acceptance and started to move to the motel room again. “We leave first thing in the morning.”
Cas sucked in a deep breath. Dean waited patiently. It was all on Cas now. Could he accept this? Could he do this? Dean hoped he could. Cas's eyes didn't give anything away and with every second that ticked by Dean felt his heart stutter and droop in his chest. Of course Cas couldn't do this. Dean was asking too much of him again. He was about to open his mouth to say that it didn't matter, that Cas could walk if he needed to. But before a single word escaped, Cas had sealed his lips over Dean's. Dean couldn't move, he couldn't register what was happening. Cas stuck his tongue between Dean's parted lips and that's when he melted into it. He moved his mouth gently in time with Cas's. Dean had no idea how long he'd craved this. How much he wanted it but the relief shone through him at finally having that contact. The taste was amazing, the feeling intoxicating. But all too soon it came to an end. Cas pressed his forehead to Dean's.
Dean stood, anger rolling off of him. Castiel refused to back down. He knew he was in the right and if Dean couldn't control his emotions, then that was his problem. He allowed his own anger to surface. Anger he didn't realise he was holding onto. What was he angry at exactly? Maybe it was the fact that Dean didn't think he was capable of love, maybe he was angry at himself for allowing all of this come to come to light, or maybe it was the fact that Dean was acting childish over some pie, or maybe it was all of the above.
Cas pulled the door open and hesitated. He didn't want to leave, not yet. He turned and looked at Dean, who had now stepped onto the pavement, watching with a grim expression on his face. Cas didn't even think about it, didn't need to. All he could think about was showing that he was going to miss him too. He closed the distance and watched distantly as Dean's eyes widened in surprise. His lips pressed to his and once again he revelled in the feeling of them together. He decided on an action that Dean probably wouldn't approve of, but he didn't care. He gripped his ass in his hands and crushed their groins together as he deepened the kiss.
Again, the urge to run to him came on strong. He had barely gotten two steps when Cas spoke in barely a whisper and the words shook him to his very core, making him freeze all over again.
“Just go, Cas.” He rushed out of the room, heading towards the shower room, not allowing Cas to answer.
Dean pulled away first and it took him a moment to realise what was happening. With his heart in his throat, he was suddenly thrown onto the bed. He opened his eyes to see the devil look in Dean, making his cock twitch with anticipation. They both needed this, the both needed the reassurance that the other was here. Cas licked his lower lip, tasting Dean, feeling the tingle as though his lips were still there.
Later that night after him and Cas fuck, Cas turns around to be little spoon. "Cas?" Cas hums in reply, tired from two rounds. "can I little spoon tonight?" Cas turns around do fast, deans hair moves with the wind. He nods and dean turns over. Cas fits perfectly, his bare dick fits against his ass like a puzzle piece, his arms wrap around his waist and his lips settle behind his neck. He sleeps like a fucking baby.
Quiche is done not soon after, Dean grabs it out the oven and puts it on top until it cools off. Sam comes back from his run just in time to eat with them. They all eat in the dean cave, they watch power rangers again. Sam takes the chair and Jack lays across the couch. Dean almost tells them to scoot over before he followings Cas' lead and sit on the floor.
Cas took a step forward. “I understand that you want to forget, but you don't want me take your memories. I understand that you don't want this… me. Not as much as I want you anyway. You say you''re trying to protect me because I don't deserve you, I understand why you think that.”
Cas got angry, and he got angry quickly. Dean flinched at the sudden change. “I'll tell you why, Dean. You can't do this because you don't believe you deserve this. You believe that everyone who has ever been hurt, or died, is entirely your fault. Well, guess what? It's not. None of it is your fault. You have sacrificed so much for the greater good. You deserve to be happy.”
Dean watched as Cas disappeared. That was when the tears finally flowed over and down his cheeks. He didn't know what he was suppose to do. He didn't know how to make this right. He didn't know what this pain meant. He couldn't stop the silent tears from flowing. He darted his eyes around the room in a last ditch effort to find the answers he needed.
Dean swung his head around so fast that he saw black spots in front of his vision. He closed his eyes as a wave of nausea washed through him, and he tried to gulp past it. When he finally opened his eyes again he saw the man standing nervously in the entrance to his room. His heart picked up speed, his body twitched with need. He wanted nothing more than to dive across the room and embrace him. Disbelief wormed its way through the shock. Was he imagining this? Was this his brain's way of torturing him? Had he finally gone insane? He didn't dare move, didn't dare blink, afraid Cas would disappear. He could feel the hope igniting and he tried so desperately to push it away. Even if he was really here, that didn't mean anything, not really, This might be Cas coming to say goodbye, to make this final. If that was it, he didn't think he would be able to cope with those words.
Heart break was something Castiel had never experienced before, it was completely foreign to him. But he knew what it was as soon as it hit. It felt like someone had reached down his throat and started, very slowly, to pull out his heart. When he looked over at Dean Winchester's face, he saw what he had been expecting. Dean was smiling, a comforting smile, or at least he was trying to be comforting. Castiel didn't want that comforting, reassuring smile. He didn't want to be anywhere near that smile.
That's when he forced his lips against Cas's. They were wet and plump and totally amazing. It took Cas mere seconds to respond with just as much force as Dean was giving. After only a few seconds, it wasn't enough. He wanted more, so much more. He slid his tongue against Cas's closed lips, pushing his way in. Cas obliged, opening wide for him. Dean licked and tasted him, moving his mouth hard and fast, the need for him growing stronger and stronger. He could feel his heart speed up. He pushed his lower body against Cas's as he groaned into his mouth, sending blood pumping through his growing erection.
Another groan as he shifted so he was lying on his back. His eyes glazed over as he stared at the ceiling. His thoughts were running a million miles an hour. All about the one and only angel in a trench coat. He hoped Cas would be okay. He wondered briefly what steps Cas would take to ensure he got over Dean.
It took Dean a while to emerge from the bathroom and he was slightly disappointed to see just his brother in the room. Of course Cas would leave, he'd do anything Dean wanted. He sighed a deep breath when he noticed Sam's 'I want to talk' look. He had it coming and he even though he was exhausted, he decided that it was always better to get it out of the way.
That was it? He wasn't going to fight to be with him? Did it not mean as much to him? Maybe he'd realised what a huge mistake it had been. Dean didn't think of it like that and he hadn't thought Cas had thought that either… until now that is. He narrowed his eyes at the retreating tan trench coat clad back as anger started to burn through his veins, hotter than he'd felt since this whole conversation started.
The bed dipped next to him and he sprang his eyes open. His heart stopped beating and his breath hitched in his throat as he caught the sight of the man sitting next to him. He hadn't left. Dean didn't know whether to be happy or terrified of that. Cas offered him a small, sad smile and Dean couldn't help but think Cas was going to give him the final blow, the one that would finally kill him. He waited, not daring to breath, not daring to move an inch, not wanting to scare him away.
He thought to what could happen if allowed this, if he allowed himself this little slice of happiness. Dean could hurt him. Cas could hurt him. But they could laugh, they could smile, they could be happy. And the sex? From what they'd already experienced before, the sex could be really amazing. Then he thought to what would happen if he told Cas to leave, that they couldn't do this. Cas would only come when needed. Cas would finally stop loving him, moving on with his life. They would never be able to be friends, not like they were before, there would always be this tension between them.
When his eyes finally caught Cas's, he knew what he had to do. He hated himself for even thinking it, he hated that this is what they had become, but it had to be done, for his own sake. For his own sanity, this had to be done.
“No, you can't leave.” He could feel the panic swelling up again as he watched Cas become guarded, and sorrowful, even guilty. He was going to leave, no matter what Dean said. “You can't leave. I didn't even get to answer your question. I'm sorry it took me so long, I was just shocked. I thought you'd left and even if I had come up with a scenario where you came back, that would have been the last thing I thought you would have said.” He was rambling, he knew it and he really didn't care. He could feel the pounding in his head return, he could feel it spinning out of control. His vision was starting to get dark, Cas and Sam was going in and out of focus. He chose to ignore it, needing to get this out. “Please, Cas. I really did mean it. I promise, no more running.”
“What are you saying?” Dean felt his heart thud in his chest. This was the moment he was about to loose his best friend and it was all because he couldn't fight the urge to kiss him in that damn warehouse. He swallowed past the lump in his throat, felt the soreness from where he was desperately holding back the tears.
“Dean?” That voice sent a thrill through him again, but this just angered him. He didn't want to feel this way no more. He didn't want to feel that pleasure, this love, not if it meant he'd have to keep saying goodbye. He didn't think his heart could take it.
He moved to the edge of the bed, waiting to see if Cas was going to say something. When it became obvious he wasn't, Dean carried on. “But, this isn't going to work.”
In the far off distance, he had heard his brother yelling, panicked, telling him to wait. It was too late. His finger already pushed against the trigger, and the loud noise of the gun sounded throughout the quiet room. The bullet, with its immense speed, pushed through the air towards the creature. Dean watched with horror as the bullet did nothing to him, only knocking him off balance slightly.
He felt a thumb rub at his cheek, wiping away his tears and he opened his eyes to see Dean smiling sadly at him. “You really mean that, don't you?” Cas nodded, feeling his throat dry up. He had just expressed more than he ever had before and he didn't know if Dean would be accepting of this. “Why? I'm no one special, Cas. I'm just me, same old me.”
Cas pushed the tip of his cock past the muscles and Dean instantly felt that burn. It made him want to retreat, to push away. This was way worse than Cas's fingers. He closed his eyes, trying hard to concentrate on relaxing his muscles, trying hard to stay still. He gripped the angels shoulders, digging his nails into his smooth skin, trying to ground himself. Cas held still, waiting patiently, waiting for Dean to give his approval of more. Suddenly he didn't know if he could do this. He opened his eyes, needing to tell Cas that, but when he caught Cas's gaze, he knew he couldn't back out now. Cas was looking as though it took everything in him to hold still, to wait. If Cas could hold back like that, then he could do this.
The sound of laughter echoed from the other end of the road, deep rumbling laughs. Dean looked in that direction and spotted a group of drunken men. This area was too open for this conversation. He glanced up and down the road and his eyes landed on an abandoned warehouse a few feet away. Not looking in the direction of the angel, he gestured for him to follow. He did, silently. Cas knew he'd been in the wrong, and he was staying smartly mute at the moment, until the time came for him to answer Dean.
Of course he did. This was typical Dean behaviour, anything uncomfortable or involving anything remotely in the direction of emotions he would drown himself in alcohol. “I will go and find him.” Before Sam could argue, Castiel was gone.
“Cas is still worried.” Dean gestures for him to elaborate with a wave of his hand. “He hasn't left your side in thirty days, Dean.”
He watched as Cas crawled up and over his body. Their faces only inches apart now, their breaths mingling into one. Dean licked his lower lip, making Cas moan, leaning down and placing his soft lips against his. Dean hummed. “Are you sure, Dean?” Pure love exploded within him. Cas was giving him one last chance to back out, and as Dean gazed into those bright eyes, he saw understanding. Cas would understand.
“I said it's fine. I will wait for Sam to return, then I will leave.”  No. He doesn't want Cas to leave. It's a comfort to have him here. A different type of comfort to what Sam offers.
Another eye roll from his brother, another sip of his coffee. “Dean, we're not entirely sure you're completely healed. Just because the doctor says so doesn't mean anything. Especially not in our lives.”
She just smiles down at him, hand on hip. “Aw, don't be like that. You and me are going to become really, really good friends.”
No, he didn't feel guilty, he felt pure anger. Anger at himself, anger at Cas, anger at the whole damn world. He hated the way he felt, hated how he couldn't even forget with his usual women and booze.
He walked away without another look in Cas's direction. This was not good. He couldn't go on a hunt with him. These feelings only stirred when he was around him and now he was going to be staying in a fucking motel room with the guy. Just perfect. But if he refused his assistance then both Cas and his brother would know something was up and that was just too risky. Nobody could know about his perverted thoughts.
Strong arms wrapped around his arms, pinning them by his side. He knew who it was, he didn't need to look. He could feel the tingle of the heat from his body, could feel the love practically pouring of him. The tears came then. He sobbed. Never, not once, had he ever sobbed. He was the silent cry type. But the sobs racked his body and there was nothing he could do. Cas pulled him down to the floor, pulling his head to his chest.
Dean's smile vanished and his eyes popped open in shock. Castiel didn't give him a chance to gather his thoughts, he vanished with a flutter of his wings, anger still coursing through him.
Dean sucked in a sharp breath as that thought passed through his mind. That was the first time he'd ever thought something like that. He'd always thought as him as sexy, never adorable. The silence extended before him and he found he needed to break it again, if only to distract himself from his own thoughts. “Talk to me, Cas.”
He held on tighter. If he let him go, the angel would disappear. Cas tried to extract himself from his arms, but he held on tighter. “Don't, please.” Begging. He hated begging. But if this would get him to stay, he would do it hundred times more.
“Dean?” he asked curiously, with the small cock of his head that made Dean's stomach flutter nervously. This was really him, he knew that. But what if this was some cruel joke? What if he gets snatched away again? “We need to move, now.”
“I'm need to run.” It was barely a whisper, but he knew Cas had heard him because in the next instant, Cas was moving towards him, relief written in his eyes.
What? Course he has. He has angels to track down. A case to finish. He wouldn't abandon that, not if there was nothing he could do for Dean. He has a cell, Sam could call if there had been any change. “Sure he did. We have a case. Cas would want to track down every one of those sons of bitches.”
He can feel her smile and he hates it, hates it so much he wants to claw at his own face. “Let's go and catch us another Winchester, shall we?” His voice says.
Cas sighed and pulled him back towards him, making their bodies flush once more. Dean's heart picked up speed and he couldn't help the crooked smile grace his lips. “Promise me something.”
“You sure about that? Not once have you mentioned it. Not once have you even acknowledged anything happened.” He could feel himself start to shake, a sure sign that he was close to the edge. He was about to break. He couldn't, not in front of Cas, he couldn't give him that satisfaction.
He felt Cas lean back into the embrace. Dean should say something, something reassuring, something that would make the angel feel better. But what? Without thinking, he spoke, his throat hurting and constricting in protest, but he ignored it. “You were right.”
Castiel released his wrists and took a step back. He couldn't be that close to him, not when his heart was about to be torn in two. Not when he was about to experience the most excruciating pain he'd ever experienced. Dean dropped his arms but didn't move, didn't break eye contact.
But Sam gripped his arm, stopping him, panicking him. He glanced at his brothers worried eyes. Trying to plead with him to let this go, just this once. But his brother wasn't going to. He needed to know what was going on. Dean could see that as the anger surged forwards. His fist clenched. He needed to get him off him, needed to be anywhere but there. He pulled his arm back to swing, watching his brother's eyes widen with surprise.
This was going to be hard work. Dean had the most work to do he figured, but he didn't care, as long as he had Cas in his life. Cas dragged him out of his room and down the corridor. They passed Sam who smiled at their smiles. Things could only get better from here, right?
“Because of Jack. He knows you're alive and he's waiting for you. It's not fair for him to have to wait.”
Castiel could feel his heart tearing in two at the thought of leaving again. He belonged beside Dean, at his side, fighting the good fight. It wasn't just Dean, though. It was Jack, too. He hated the thought of leaving him, hated the thought that he wouldn't be able to look after him for a long while.  He didn't want to think about his reaction to Cas's leaving, he didn't want to think about anything that came next. As much as the tension between him and Dean were tearing him apart, he felt content at just being there, being allowed to ride with them.
“Oh, I am pleased,” he finally says and Sam can see all the demons physically relax. “This is going to be so much fun. At first I thought, this is bad, very bad. But actually… I really can't wait.”
“We need to get back. Sam will be worried.” Then he kept walking, not looking over his shoulder as he made his way towards the far exit. “I'm sure you can make your own way to Sam. I'll be there soon.”
Then a hand clamped around that fist, stopping him from crashing it into this brothers face. He gasped at the contact, thinking it may have been Sam, thinking that maybe his brother had been faster than him for once. But when he glanced at the fist, he spotted the tan trench coat that encircled the wrist and his heart stuttered to a stop. He flashed his eyes to those blue ones, the ones that were always so warm and welcoming. Now, though, they were filled fury and it made him stumble back. He felt his brother's grip release him.
When he looked over at Sam, he saw him grinning from ear to ear and he tilted his head in confusion. What did he have to be so happy about? “What?” He may have asked that too sharply but it didn't make Sam stop.
This was the end. He couldn't be here any more, he couldn't be near the man he will never have any more. “I'll make this easy on you.” He turned to walk out the door, his heart no longer beating in his chest, no longer hurting. He was finally numb from it all. This was his limit. He couldn't take any more.
Two strong arms wrapped around his shoulders as he felt the mattress dip beside him. He leant into the embrace, needing the comfort they held. Inhaling, he smelt like soap and a little bit of his natural scent. Dean pulled away but still kept a hold of him. “Look at me.”
It took only five minuets to reach the warehouse and instantly Dean didn't like it. There were no guards outside. Nothing. It was completely silent. He glanced at his brother who was frowning. Something wasn't right. Dean signalled for his brother to circle the building while he goes in the front entrance. Sam nodded in agreement.
Dean bowed his head with shame. Cas was right. He was pushing him away again out of fear. No more. He wasn't going to do this again, not to Cas, not to him, not to them. With one fluid motion he pushed Cas up against the door, determination set in his movement. Cas let out surprised gasp as his body made contact with the wood. Dean pressed in close, his breath ghosting over his skin. Cas's blue eyes were wide and curious.
Castiel smiled at him. He knew exactly what Dean was trying to say. Castiel felt it, too. Felt all of it. Instead of replying, he kissed him again, softer this time, gentler. Instead of the hunger and passion from before, he poured his heart out, poured the love out. Dean hummed in appreciation as he kissed back. Castiel broke away first this time.
“You told him, didn't you?” Dean sounded very angry and Castiel forced himself to keep his feet firmly planted to the ground. If Dean wanted to take a swing at him, Castiel would let him, after all, he did divulge information to his brother that was very private.
Cas stayed silent for a moment. Dean guessed he was trying to figure out how to say what he was thinking, either that or he was thinking of a convincing lie. Dean suspected it wasn't the latter. Cas wasn't capable of lying, not to Dean anyway, and not about this. Sure he's lied in the past, but that was about the world-ending crisis that had been going on in the moment, something Cas was very familiar with. Emotions, feelings, being in love, all of that, Cas didn't have a first clue about. That wasn't something he could lie about, not really.
He gazed up at the angel who was still staring at him with such devotion that Dean had this urge within him. He had to say it. Needed to say it. Slowly, ever so slowly, he reached up and stroked his hand through Cas's wet hair. “I love you, Cas.”
Knowing that the hug has gone on for too long, he pulls away and avoids eye contact at all cost, waving the angel into the room. He hears the soft shutting of the door and finally turns to face him. Dean keeps his eyes firmly on Cas's chest, still unable to look him the eye. It was awkward, clinging to Cas like that, but it had also felt right and safe and perfect.
Cas offered him a small smile and then he felt a something prodding at his entrance. He held his breath in, waiting for that breach of no return. Cas reached up and stroked Dean's flustered cheek again. “Breath.” That one word sent thrills shooting through his stomach, sending a huge breath out in a rush.
Dean really looked at his brother then, really looked at him. Sam had his determined face on and if it had been any other situation, he would have smiled reassuringly at him, because Sam was trying, he was really trying to offer him comfort. “How?” His voice croaked from overuse and he coughed through it. He needed an answer, he needed to know that feeling like this wouldn't be forever.
“Dean?”He turned to look at his brother. “You won't lose him like that. Not if I can help it. But if you don't go after him, you will lose him in a whole other way.”
He slumped into his room and threw himself at his bed, landing face first into the pillows. He groaned with the weight of it all. He thought about moving, getting himself his bottle of good whisky to drown it all away, but he couldn't be bothered to move. His limbs were aching, his eyes strained. He was tired of it all, tired of feeling this way, tired of hurting everyone, tired of thinking. He tried to numb his mind, tried to empty his brain of all thoughts, even ones that weren't about Cas. It didn't work. The guilt was starting to consume him, started to wrap itself around his stomach, making him want to throw up.
It was time he took charge. He pulled Sam with him as he made his way towards the door, both of them stumbling as though drunk. When they reached the corridor, they heard popping sounds as every light went out. This lasted only seconds and the bunker was shrouded in darkness. The only thing Dean was aware of was his brothers arm in his grasp. Only seconds later, the generator picked up and a dim light showed the empty corridor. Dean looked at his brother and shrugged. The bunker finally stopped shaking, the silence grew as things stopped falling.
He could do this. He could do this for Cas, for him, for them. He gripped Cas's bare shoulders and pulled back. “I… I need you.” Cas tilted his head in confusion. Dean coughed nervously. He didn't want to say it. So instead he grabbed the angels cock in his fist again. Cas groaned with the pleasure of it. Dean smiled and spread his legs, placing the cock at the hole. As Dean pressed it hard, he felt the burning pain already. He tried to distract himself from the pain by kissing Cas again, but Cas pulled back, his eyes wide with shock.
Dean furrowed his eyebrows, unsure where Cas was going with this and he hated the fact that he still held that stupid impassive look.
Dean turned his back to Cas, unable to stare into those blue eyes that were begging him, pleading with him to accept this. He shouldn't need him so much, he shouldn't put Cas through any more pain. But it all came back to which scenario was worse. He couldn't decide. Couldn't decide if he should say 'to hell with this.' He couldn't decide if he should just walk away and pretend that he hadn't just told Cas the one thing that would break him.
Cas sighed and sat on the edge of the bed. Dean stared at his trench coat clad back. What was he doing here? He wanted to ask, wanted to ask all the important questions, but still he couldn't bring himself to talk. Cas turned to look over his shoulder. His eyes had softened now, filling with sadness and guilt. What did he have to feel guilty about? Reaching out, Cas touched the back of his hand to Dean's cheeks. Panic hit him hard and fast, he recoiled, moving urgently out of the touch, shuffling across his bed as his heart hammered in his chest. The electricity he'd felt from that one small touch sent thrills rushing through him. He wasn't allowed to feel that, he wasn't allowed to feel good after everything he'd done. It was easier than he thought it would be to ignore the hurt that had fallen upon the angels features, but all he could focus on was the way his head spun from the sudden movement, sending the room spinning around him. That had been the first major movement in forever.
He tried to get his feet to move, tried to save the man he loved. Thoughts of regret swirled through his mind. He should have told him sooner. He shouldn't have tried to fight this feeling of pure love so much. He shouldn't have hurt him. Shouldn't have caused him pain. He should have shown him just how much he really and truly loved him. Is Cas about to die without truly believing it? No, he can't. He can't die thinking that.
Castiel tilted his head to the side again. Is that what he thought happened? “No. I knew, right from the beginning that you didn't love me, Dean. I knew what I was getting into when I first touched you.” It was Dean's turn to be confused. “I had allowed myself to hope, just for a moment. But the longer it went on the more I realised I couldn't do it, not if you didn't love me in return. You can't help that you have no feelings for me. This isn't your fault. You need to stop blaming yourself. None of this is your fault.”
He nods his acceptance, a small pinch of doubt enters his mind. They don't know where to begin. They don't know where he is.  But at least he's not alone, dealing with this on his own. Cas is here to help. His friend. His family. He couldn't have asked for anything better.
Dean wanted to think that things had completely and utterly gone back to normal after the conversation with Cas. It seemed to have gone back to normal. Cas was being… Cas. The bond he shared with Cas was still there and they were able to talk with each other as though nothing had changed. But every time Dean looked at him, he could see the hurt clear as day behind his blue eyes. This in turn hurt Dean. He hated how hurt Cas was. He hated that he couldn't do anything to ease the angel of his torment. He wasn't really all that surprised to find Cas was still in pain. Nobody got over being in love that quickly. He just wished he could help.
Castiel pretended he didn't see the small smirk playing at his lips. “I asked how the hunt for Kelly is going?”
“Yes. I shouldn't have left. I made my own promise and I broke it and look what happened.” The sadness of the situation swept through him, making him want to cry and sob. Dean was like this because of him and the guilt was slowly consuming him, had been for two days now.
It didn't take long for Cas to answer. “Hello?” That gruff voice sent a thrill rushing through him and he urgently pushed it back.
“No. You didn't do anything wrong. The look in your eyes, it was pure love and...” Dean shifted uncomfortably. “And I don't deserve it. I panicked because… I realised that if we were to do that, it needed to be… I don't know. I just know that this-” He gestured between them. “Is the most real thing I have ever felt and I really don't want to fuck it up. I want it to be right. I want… I want it be as real as your love for me. I don't want it to be out of need or hunger or desperation. I want it to be about love and only love. But the thing is, Cas… I don't think I'm worthy of the love your offering.”
Cas smiled shyly then, shame filling him. He had been quick to judge and he felt the guilt swim through him but ignored it and favoured the warm feeling that his words gave him as the realisation hit. But he needed to clarify what this meant. “So… you don't want me to leave?”
She threw him again. Looking up. Dean stabbed, through the chest, too close to the heart. Rage filled him. Stabbing the angel. She dropped. And so did Dean.
In the distant, beyond his pain, he heard footsteps echo outside his door, growing louder and louder as they came closer. He knew it was his brother, knew he'd heard him. Dean clutched at his stomach, trying to get a grip on himself as the sobs wrecked his body. The silence of the room was deafening and all he wanted, all he needed, was to hear Cas's usual greeting, in his usual gravelly voice, pulling him from this nightmare.
Sam's eyes narrowed in on Cas, who didn't flinch. He wasn't afraid of him, and he didn't really care what he thought either. He just wanted him gone. “Oh, don't I? All I know is that you broke my brothers heart. He ended up a broken, depressed man. He wasn't himself. Just a shell. So don't stand there telling me to mind own business when you left me to pick up the pieces you shattered.”
Cas pulled back, that sad look on his face. “I am happy that makes you happy, but it doesn't change the fact that perhaps I should stay here.”
“You can tell me anything, Cas, you know that.” He manages to keep his voice soft, not wanting to scare the other man away, not wanting him to shut himself off, like he's done so many times before. Those times, when Dean has pushed too hard, bad things had come from it. Not this time. He won't allow it.
Sam finally closed his mouth and his eyes softened. “No, it's just… I realized how much of an idiot I was.”
Dean glanced at Cas and regretted it instantly. The angel was in so much pain. He knew he was running. He wasn't running from Cas or the talk about his feelings or anything. He was running from what he, himself, was feeling. He didn't know why it hurt so much to know that Cas was trying to get over him. This was what he wanted, wasn't it? He wanted Cas to be happy, he wanted things to return to normal again. So why did this hurt?
Cas met his eyes with steely confidence. That one look sent a shiver down his spine. This look was like the old Cas, the one before he rebelled against everything he'd ever believed in. He was protecting himself, he was putting up his own walls. But why? Dean was the one hurting here. He was the one leaving. “I'm not planning on anything.” Cas's voice boomed through the room and Dean forced himself to stay glued to the spot. “I made several mistakes, Dean. But I'm done. I'm done going off on my own. I'm done leaving your side. I want to stay… if you'll have me that is.”
Cas smiled and placed a hungry kiss upon his lips, which Dean returned in favour. Then the warm body above him was gone and he whimpered with the loss. Closing his eyes, trying to remember what it had felt like to have Cas rutting against his cock. A small twinge of panic settled in. Maybe Cas had changed his mind, maybe this was payback for everything he'd put him through. He threw that thought away, Cas wasn't like that, he wasn't vindictive. He told people how it is and if you didn't get on board then tough shit.
“Actually, if it's a distraction you want...” Sam piped up, turning his laptop around so Cas and Dean could see it better. “There seems to be a case, a couple of hours away. I'm guessing a demon.”
He pulled back, his eyes wide and his heart hammering hard. He tried to slow his breaths, tried to regain his thoughts. “Cas, wait.”
He raced back to the bedroom, his heart thudding in his chest. He took in a deep breath and opened the door. Dean was lying in the same position he'd left him in, only this time he was openly sobbing. He'd not even realised Cas had entered the room. He watched for a minute, allowing the sight to tug painfully on his heart. Is this what he'd done to the man he loved? This wasn't who Dean was. He didn't sob, he didn't stop eating. No, Dean would get angry, would destroy things, hunt monsters, drink himself into oblivion and do it all over again. Maybe this is what love does to someone, maybe Sam was right and Dean really did love him.
Dean nodded again. He didn't want to let Cas go. Couldn't let him go. He was his life line, his everything. He needed him. Needed him to anchor him, to keep him sane. If he let him go, he feared what these feelings would stir up. He felt Cas start to pull away and panic surged forwards, his grip tightening. No, he can't leave. Not yet. Just a little bit longer, that's all. He needed this reassurance, this feeling of his solid body against his own.
Dean swerved to the side of the road. Sam shouted 'Dude', and Cas looked questioningly at Dean. Dean's eyes were trained on him in his rear-view mirror. Cas's eyes locked with his and as much as he hated himself for it, he couldn't look away.
But everything always had to end. He thought of how much the needed to end this before someone came looking, but at the same time he didn't want to rush. He brushed his hand down Dean's stomach, gently, going lower and lower, until he reached Dean's erection, gripping it firmly in his grasp. Dean bucked into him, groaning into Cas's mouth as he licked and swirled their tongues together.
Slowly, he removed himself from the table, pulled his trousers up. He wiped a hand down his face, trying so desperately to rid himself of these tears. But they still came, fast. He turned. Dean's eyes widened, his trousers were up now, hiding his very prominent bulge. His eyes caught Dean's, and he gulped. “I can't,” he whispered, hoping and praying he would understand why, that he wouldn't make him say it.
Dean's eyes filled with panic and terror and it made Castiel's heart jump painfully in his chest at the sight. He didn't want to hurt him, didn't want to send him into a panic. “You don't want what?” His voice was shaken. He was terrified. Castiel took a step closer but froze when Dean visually shrank back. “If… if you don't want this, Cas, I will understand. I've hurt you too many times to count. I wouldn't blame you.” He shrugged casually as if it was no big deal, but Castiel knew him better than that. He was bothered by the idea, really bothered.
