“I- it doesn’t matter,” Dean said, his eyes falling, his heart falling. “Sorry, I don’t want to ruin the day.”
The gnome blew a raspberry at him and uncannily parroted back
The sound that came out of Cas came from his chest, and could only be described as a
The rock to the back of his knee was such a shock that it buckled his leg, and he thumped into the soft dirt. There was a particularly large and menacing gnome glowering at him from its burrow, reaching for another stone, and Dean was scrabbling for his rock salt before he ended up with a concussion on his birthday-
The soft glow in his features, the amusement, the adoration. “What exactly are you idiots doing?”
And Dean would never let Cas let him go, he thought, and nipped at his bottom lip.
Sam smiled, stepping back from Dean, “Jack, remember, you gotta-“
It was Sam who masterminded breakfast, dicing up little bowls of strawberries and blueberries between flipping pancakes on the stove top. Cas manned the coffee pot for Sam and Dean, steeped himself a mug of tea, and fetched Jack a glass of orange juice with a straw in it, because he worried about the acidity wearing down Jack’s tooth enamel. That left Dean at the kitchen table, supervised by Jack, as he worked through his little pile of cards and presents.
“I’ll teach you. I’m yours.”
Dean left Cas sleeping - he would only be another half hour or so - and trailed off to the kitchen in his slippers and dressing gown, warding against the late January chill in the air. The sounds of hushed voices and clink of cutlery and mugs guided him through the dim morning light and the fogginess he felt before his first coffee. Like he’d expected, Jack and Sam were already at the kitchen table, Jack with a bowl piled high with the kind of cereal that made him jittery, and Sam with a cup of black coffee and a serene expression. Dean mumbled a good morning, smiling but politely ignoring the cards and presents stacked in a small, neat pile in the middle of the table until they were explicitly given to him, and made a beeline for the coffee pot.
When they broke apart, Jack was practically bouncing on his seat. “You gotta open my present first,” he insisted, his mouth half full of chewed cereal and little marshmallows that glowed like nuclear waste.
goo from the curve of his cupid’s bow.
Sam’s only response was to glower.
Dean was thrilled to hear it, but didn’t have the chance to respond, because now Jack was pressing a ridiculously glittery envelope into his hands. He knew he’d be washing the stuff out of Jack’s clothes for a month, but the gleeful look in the kid’s eye was enough to make Dean bite down his complaint, and he tried very hard not to grin like an idiot as he opened the envelope.
Once Jack and Sam were ready to go about their respective days, they stepped away from Cas and Dean, leaving them just kind of looking at each other. Dean was normally like a shot fired from a pistol to cross the distance between them, take Cas into his arms, kiss him silly, but he couldn’t nudge that first thought that had ricocheted around his head when he’d woken up this morning.
“When I told you,” Cas was saying as he pulled back, into the bare couple of inches between their lips, “that my happiness was just in
“This is fucking gross,” was the only response from a churlish Sam, as both Dean and Eileen laughed at him.
went Dean’s heart, and it was his turn to reel Cas in and press crushing kisses to Cas’s lips, blood roaring in his ears and battering against his ribcage. “I’ll teach you,” he mumbled into Cas’s hairline, temple, nose, jaw, anywhere he could land a blistering kiss.
Like he was just
Then they were off to the races, with Dean and Eileen automatically falling into a pattern of systematically herding the little bastards and then working with Sam to do the exploding. The yellow-green goo stunk to high heavens, and made Dean’s eyes water, but they were having so much fun he barely even noticed, too busy hooting, hollering, and laughing as Sam got prissy about his new jacket getting stained with the monster equivalent of snot.
Sam smiled, didn’t call him out on his emotional constipation, and said “Eileen will be over later, I think she’s got another treat for you.”
He doesn’t think that word out, love, not consciously. It’s far too big to handle, much scarier than yet another apocalypse. And it’s useless anyway right, if Cas’ words are just waved from Lucifer’s tongue? Eventually, Dean corners all those big emotions back into a little locked room in the alcoves of his heart, to be opened only at night, and with the sweet tang of alcohol to smooth its rough edges. He brings himself back to the situation at hand, to the thing that matters, or so he’s told. Even though this whole charade seems more and more like a cosmic joke as time passes. Who the fuck cares, really?
Sam does look at him with worry in his eyes, brows furrowed and a hand on his shoulder. But they don’t talk, not really. It doesn’t go beyond a “you okay?”, which he can answer with a weak “yeah” neither of them believe, and he’s off the hook, just has to clean the empty bottles off the counter. They’ve never been really good at it, the hearts to hearts. They’ve got the aesthetic of it all down, for sure. Leaning against the car, looking to the ground with their arms crossed or their hands in their pockets, and throwing their inner turmoil at each other, seeing what sticks. Real manly shit. And sure, sometimes, it worked, and they felt better after. But most of the time, they weren’t really communicating, it’s more like they were playing at it. And one of them runs off and does something stupid, and the other is left to pick up the pieces and it’s damn lucky if neither of them ends up in a grave.
It’s strange, this shame that sticks to his bones. Because it’s not like Dean feels the same about other people. He’s (almost) always been fine with Sam being a guy, and before that he was fine with Sam kissing girls in parking lots behind John’s back. And he loved and supported Charlie. And really, rationally, he knows it’s all good and fine, being gay. (The word is too big and too scary to be applied to him still, he shivers when he thinks it out.) He knows no one is actually going to come and punch him in the gut whenever he thinks of kissing Cas. He knows his father is long gone and probably wouldn’t even care. But his brain is still all fucked up.
“It’s gonna be okay Dean. I’m not leaving till it’s okay.”
“Castiel?”
“Ok. You can open them.”
“I know, I know he loved you Dean.”
“Long enough? I’m 46 you dipshit!”
And he can’t do it, rushes back to his own room, flops down on the bed and wills himself to sleep. With his eyes shut, his brows furrowed and his teeth clenched, Dean’s heart spills open underneath his skin, coating his ribs in a dark mallase. It does so without a sound, in the dark of his empty buried room, like a large coffin. Cas’ bedroom door is still shut, but the little one Dean was so sure he double-locked in his heart has creaked open, and it all gushes out, like blood out of a deep knife wound. Cas’ words on repeat, a confession, one he wordlessly gave away so many times before, one Dean kept rejecting.
“He’s really here?” Dean blinks again, tries really hard not to cry.
Still, eventually it eats away at him, even in daylight (or as much daylight as they get down in the bunker), the locked door. It starts feeling disrespectful, like spitting on the grave they didn’t even get to dig. So he takes a deep breath, closes his eyes and pushes the door open. When he opens them back up, the room is tidy, if a bit dusty. The bed is made, Cas probably never slept in it of course. It’s all just...empty, and Dean doesn’t know what he expected. Clothes in disarray everywhere? A fucking love note? Cas himself like the miracle he is? Of course there’s nothing special to see. Cas didn’t care about material possessions, only had one set of clothes he magically cleaned, and was generally flying too far above the world to care about its physical aspect.
“Everyone’s here?” Here’s hope crawling back into Dean’s heart, that treacherous bastard.
“Yeah, well what can I say? I’m a real mess without you Cas.” He means it as a joke, but it comes out raw, rings true to both of them. Cas snaps his eyes up to his, gaze serious like he so often is. There’s a silent promise in these eyes, and Dean intertwines his fingers with Cas’, squeezes his palm, hopes this is enough to reciprocate it. “You suffered more than you had to, and I caused so much of that suffering. I want to dedicate my whole self to making you smile.” is what he wants to say. He brings Cas’ hands up, tenderly kisses his knuckles. It doesn’t have the Hail Mary or the crossing, but this is a prayer in its own rights. He looks into Cas’ shining eyes and sees the God he spent so long chasing.
They do prep work and run around trying to find all these things for a fake spell. It allows Dean to focus on the (important, remember it’s so very important and the fate of the world rests in the balance) work his hands are doing and nothing else. Clears his mind of all unimportant (unimportant because he can’t do anything about it, so just keep it all down and quiet) feelings and unanswered questions. It doesn’t feel good exactly, or peaceful, but it’s not the worst he ever felt either. He doesn’t feel much of anything, makes a conscious effort not to actually.
Eventually, Dean gets over it all, or looks like he does. He gets really good at looking alright.  He laughs with Sam again, and his little brother looks beyond relieved. The look in his eyes does soothe the ache in Dean’s chest a bit. Maybe it will be fine, he thinks when the sun warms his skin just right, when the cherry pie in a road dinner tastes particularly good, or when Sam snorts way too loud at his own joke. Sure, he’ll always walk around with a hole in his chest, but maybe he’ll live a whole life without it swallowing him. It will never be bliss, but he can maybe strive for stability, perhaps even something close to peace.
“No I mean. Sam this is it.”
“But I...I didn’t...” He gesticulates around, hands grasping at the air, trying to wrap his head around the strange terrifying reality he now lives in. “I didn’t even know until...I didn’t know when he told me.”
“Oh yeah, great job on the Cas rescuing, I can see it’s going great.” He pops in the last stitch, violently pulls at the string. Dean hisses as his skin is shut tight.
So they don’t talk, and Dean goes out by himself more and more. Often, he doesn’t even really know where he’s going, just wants to feel like he’s achieving something. He gets his knuckles red with demon blood, gets home (is the bunker still home when a third of his family is missing?) half dead too many nights to recall. Sam's ‘s always the one to patch him up, blood dripping all over his hands and on the couch.
“Yeah...You do know we can like, talk about it, right?”
“Who?” his voice comes out in a slur, pathetic almost, and he knows damn well he’s playing stupid with Sam, which is never a good plan. Sam slaps him on the shoulder in retaliation, lightly, so as not to hurt him.
“Took you long enough idjit.”
“Hey, we did it Dean. We fucking beat God!”
Then someone calls. On his phone. Someone calls him on his phone, when there’s only supposed to be three people and one terrifying entity on this whole planet. He reads “Cas” through the rush of adrenaline, and it’s like all the blood has been brought back into his veins and heart. Like he was dead yet again and one word brought him back, the touch of an angel.
Dean sighs, puts his head in his hands, mind so full of Cas he thinks his head should burst already. That’s when he notices, out of the corner of his eye, a small bump under a pillow. Before he has the time to think about it, his hand reaches out. His eyes go wide when he recognises the shape: rectangular, hard plastic, and small enough to fit in his palm. It’s a tape. It’s his tape, the one he gave to Cas.
Dean starts running automatically, only realising he’s doing it on the third step. He all but jumps on the old man, covering him in a frantic hug. Bobby hugs him back, laughter rising up to the sky. Dean pulls back, hands on Bobby’s shoulders, stares at him with stars in his eyes. He looks so young and happy and alive!
The edge of duty gets dull after a while though, and the words blur on the pages. Dean's legs start to shake, his hands ache for the handle of a gun, a bottle of holy water, a saltshaker, anything. He wants to hit the road and get some information the good old fashioned way, through intimidation and gutting demons left and right, feel like a man.
He picks up his phone, calls Sam back. Shit’s fucked. Shit’s fucked up beyond belief and he has to explain how Cas is gone again and Sam’s voice over the phone mirrors his heartache, and he wants nothing more than to sit back down and just give up. But that’s not what a Winchester does, a manly voice that’s not quite his own harangs in his mind. Winchesters don’t give up, you’ll sleep when you’re dead kiddo. And let’s hope it’s sooner rather than later, bitterly adds Dean.
“Dean, just because you have the emotional intelligence of a baked potato doesn’t mean everyone around you does too.
He picks up. It’s his voice, it is Cas! Dean’s newly regenerated heart almost gives up again right there and now. Cas is right there, and he needs his help! As Dean rushes to his feet, a part of him thinks it’s too good to be true. But that’s the part he listened to for too long, the one that fucked it all up so many times, and he needs this so bad, can’t live without it, so he runs to the front door of the bunker. Only to get his heart crushed in tiny bits by satan himself. His life truly makes no fucking sense.
Dean groans, both at the general pain and at the name.
But he knows the thought is just an useless urge. They don't have a lead yet, and what demon stupid enough to get easily caught by them would know anything about the Empty anyway? So he forces his head down and keeps reading.
“You have a lot more scars than when I left you.” he says.
“Great!” Cas almost jumps with glee, like a kid at christmas, and grabs his hands. “Because I have another suit for you.”
His bones crack, he hears Sam yell,in the distance even though he’s right next to him, and Dean realises Chuck can just keep doing this forever, if he so fancies. He can keep breaking them down into pieces and putting them back together just to bleed them like stuck pigs again for all of eternity. And even that perspective doesn’t bring back an inch of self preservation in Dean’s chest. He really just doesn’t give a shit, is fine with it all, surrenders himself to this unfair judgement from above.
And the white picket fence family, with a loving wife, 2 children and a dog, the perfect little picture he always vaguely aspired to, crumbles to the ground. It’s so stupid too, because it was always an unreachable dream. Dean always knew, somewhere deep in his guts, that he'd go down fighting, and that simply isn’t compatible with a family life. He’s not even that good with kids. It’s all such a cliché fake dream, one that doesn’t even belong to him. In these fantasies, he never saw his wife as a person, not really. She’s always a cardboard cutout of what he thinks he should love. The sexy blonde with a wide smile and a great ass, who just left a pie to cool down by the window. It took him so long to realise it’s not what he wants. It took him too long. Because now what he wants is unreachable, and it’s all his fucking fault.
“Yeah I know… I do too.” Sam pulls back, hands on Dean’s shoulders, looking him in the eyes.
“So this really is heaven? How are you here?”
“Oh yeah, forgot we’re like dogs.”
“Take your time kiddo.” Bobby says as he waves him goodbye. “We have all of it in the world.”
“I’m a real fucking idiot.”
“Thanks, Bobby. Really, thank you for everything. I’ll see you around. We’ll uh…we’ll come over for dinner.”
“Yeah.” Dean wipes at his eyes, sniffles a little. “Yeah, I think he’s been doing that for a long time now. Hey Bobby?”
That was... Not what she was expecting. She’s pretty sure they are actually insane. Well, she’s definitely not asking for parenting advice from these two. It’s a miracle Jack turned out the way he did.
“Thank you. Cas helped. He’s getting pretty good at cooking.”
The next morning, Hannah found Dean chatting with Maggie at reception. A cup of coffee from the breakroom in his left hand, his right arm supporting his weight. She tried to eavesdrop on their conversation, she hoped Maggie wasn’t harassing him too hard about his personal life.
"You know." He makes a slices motion with his throat, and turns the corner of his lip down. "Kicked the bucket? Got maimed in the hallway? Met jesus?"
“Bye, kid. Love you, too. Bye Cas.” He bites his lip. Then he hangs up.
+ + +
. “I apologize for scaring you. I realize if your shriek woke Jack up, I would’ve been at fault.”
Dean’s stomach turns at the idea of leaving. Of having any family besides Cas and Jack. “Okay, Plato I get it.” He scowls. “And you, Cas, Eileen, and Jack are my family.”
“Whatever. I'll take it as a compliment,” Dean said. He dove into his own meal. Jack followed suit, from where he’d waited patiently for Dean to join them at the table.
“Yeah, well, he’s a little kid now. What about when he’s older?”
Dean hesitates when he walks to Cas’ closed door.
“Yeah, man,” Dean says. “In this life, you don’t, you don't really expect to live that long.” Dean shakes head.
, “is that he wants to get in your pants.”
Castiel nods. “That’s because—” Dean clears his throat, interrupting Castiel again. Castiel pauses. “That’s my... maiden name,” he finishes lamely.
surprising, is that he
“No, it’s a customer’s.”
Cas stared down at the table and the scattered literature. “I am not sure what you would like me to do. I have, in the past, tried to make my intentions clear.” He absently thumbed through the fourth novel, letting all the pages flutter across his thumb.
Later, Jack falls asleep on Dean, his arms around his neck and his head resting on his shoulders as he snores softly. Cas continues to serve the last few customers, most stopping to coo at the sleeping two and a half year old on Dean’s chest.
They’ve arrived an hour early, so the garage is mostly empty. He wants to avoid as much chaos and loud noises for Jack’s sake, to not overwhelm him.
“No,” Sam responds, no hesitation. When Dean doesn’t look up, he says, “Dean, look at me.” Dean complies. Once again he must be doing his best impression of an open book, because Sam looks at him as if he sees every insecurity written across his forehead. “You’re a good father. I see you with him, you’re
Dean goes straight to the kitchen after washing up. He begins pulling out all the necessary ingredients for an apple pie. He still has some of the cherry pie in the fridge, but this is more for something to do than it is for a craving.
Castiel perks up, showing a little more cheer than before. Just a little. “Yes, what are your precautions against a demon attack?”
Cas hummed. “Jack mentioned he did one with Claire last time he visited. He enjoyed it.” They loaded up the last of the groceries, Cas’ new toiletries, Sam’s rabbit food, and a frozen pie that called Dean's name. Dean put the cart away with the others, when he returned Cas was leaning against the Impala. Looking gorgeous and in a significantly better mood than earlier. Dean had hoped the shopping trip would cheer him up.
Cas’ hands feel warm as he guides Dean’s arms into a simple warrior pose. They did this one earlier, Dean knows it okay, but he lets Cas do his thing. Next Cas keeps him in the same stance but has his arms reach upward.
me. I think if anybody has a right to say whether or not you’re a good father then it’s me.”
“It can. You just need practice.” Cas rolls out of his little taco pose and approaches Dean. “You should join us more often, it’ll help you.” He kicks Dean lightly on his side. “Here. Stand up.”
Matt scoffs, scratching his blonde beard as he sits. “No way, man. Ask anybody, Blake Lively is so much hotter.”
Jack pouts and then reaches for the spoon and manages to get the jam into his mouth without making a sticky mess everywhere. Dean counts that as a win.
“You better forgive me now. I’m pretty sure you’re not supposed to drive with a concussion,” Dean says. Even though he most definitely has driven with a concussion and far worse in the past.
Her hands brush Cas’ when she pays. Dean feels hot under his skin, and very… Annoyed? Dean must’ve made an involuntary noise or movement, because her eyes land on him and the sleeping toddler, still half covered by Dean’s jacket. She looks between the two men and child and her smile falls and a blush spreads across her cheeks. She mumbles a quick thanks as she leaves.
“Gave up?” Cas says. His shoulders are on the floor, his body making a U with his feet above his head, toes touching the floor, his ass toward the ceiling. Dean tries not to stare. But doesn’t try hard enough.
Maggie sighed. “No.” She frowned and took another sip. “I think he’s in a relationship anyway. But a girl can still look, right?”
Now, as soon as he finishes his dinner he pulls his Uncle Sammy over to his small garden and shows him. Dean laughs when Sam curls his giant 10 story building of a body down to examine the small plant. Jack talks a mile a minute about it and shows him all his tools.
Without thinking too hard, because he’s done enough of that recently, Dean places a hand on either side of Cas’ face, and pulls him in.
Cas: Again, His Words
“Hit the bars last night?” she gives him a knowing look. Her shoulders look even more broad than normal in her brown jacket and her shoulder length black hair is half pulled up in a mini ponytail. It reminds him a little of Sam’s stupid ponytail he wears when he runs.
Cas had gone to the bathroom after breakfast to brush his teeth, one of the many human habits he’s not used to. He’d been using Dean's bathroom since he hasn’t gotten his own stuff yet. Dean had walked in and found the absolute dork squeezing the Colgate directly onto his tongue, and like a lot of it. And his other hand held Dean’s toothbrush, which… gross. Had he been using that all week? Dean really needs to go to the store and get Cas his own shit.
“Yeah?” His voice breaks. Dean takes a good look at his outfit, Jack tapping his forearms wildly wanting Dean to pick him up.
“What the fuck do you have to be sorry about?” Dean asks.
Standing before him is a very impressionable very powerful little boy, who believes Dean invented the sun and that he personally goes to raise it every morning. A small-mini-Dean Winchester. Dean Winchester who is a killer, a liar, a cheat—someone who only knows how to express anger—
“Hey!” Claire screamed at him. Jack didn’t seem to mind getting assaulted by Dean’s drink.
“Today’s their anniversary,” Hannah said. She at least sent a sympathetic look to Maggie. Even if she didn’t fully mean it. Dean seemed happy, and Maggie wasn’t the relationship type.
“No, I cant trust you anymore.” Dean moved out of the way to keep Cas from reaching into his back pocket.
Dean turned to Sam. “You watched
After adding another point to the childhood-trauma board, she realized she had great blackmail material for the boys. But more importantly, she realized she needed to have a very important conversation with Cas. Hopelessly in love and clueless Cas.
Kathryn looks at him apologetically. “I promise I never said anything, I told you I heard from Dale, and he’s, you know,” she whispers.
“And don’t you bitch about the pain. I’m not your nurse, and if you don’t want hastily done stitches at 3 am, don’t go off on your own like that, you selfish prick.”
So he gets shitfaced every evenning, because if he doesn’t he’ll just fucking cry about Cas again. And okay, maybe he lets out a few tears anyway, but the booze drowns it all down so good, the buzz takes over, and who cares if he’s coping exactly like his dad did? Not like there’s much of anyone left to judge him.
"Cas" he whispered. "I thought you'd left" he said a little louder.
"What's wrong, Dean?" he heard. He looked over to find Cas standing in the doorway, wearing the clothes hed given him.
He laughs to himself. Freaking teenage girls, man. It doesn't take much to make them happy. Or maybe that's just his kid.
Cas pressed his lips to Dean's neck, sucking a mark into it, while working his fingers around.
"I didn't know. I mean, I knew you had a brother named Gabriel, but... I didn't know."
The girls don't say anything else about it then, they just keep giving each other looks. Once their plates are empty, Claire clears her throat and looks at them seriously until she has both of their attention.
"You know exactly what I mean. That was weird, between you and Claire's dad. Why?" Emma sits down next to him. "Did you know him, before today?" Ah, leave it to his daughter to just know things she shouldn't. Damn observant child.
"Okay." Dean says, as he zips up the bag. "You guys are welcome to hang out if you want. I think Emma and I were just gonna watch a movie or something."
The house is as nice inside as it looks from the outside. It opens into a foyer with a staircase along the right wall and a hallway off the left. They walk straight ahead and come out into a nice modern kitchen to the right and the livingroom to the left, boasting a large sectional and flat screen tv.
Of course it is, because who else would it possibly be?
The guy is moving it up onto the bus step by step, and when he finally hits the last one he pulls his pass out and flashes it at Dean. Doesn't say a fucking word about the giant plant he's dragging onto the bus, just shows his pass, turns, and pulls the fern down the aisle.
"Nah, I think I'm gonna hit they hay" Sam replied, getting up out of the chair. As he walked by the couch, he looked at Dean and Cas for the first time, noticing Dean crowded into Cas' space. He smirked, then continued out of the room, shaking his head.
"Me too" Cas' breath hitches as Dean takes his nipple into his mouth. "Dean, please. I need more. Need you." Cas grabs Dean's biceps and pulls him up, crashing their mouths back together. He slides his hands down Dean's stomach and pops the button on his jeans, pushing on them to get them down.
"The girls" Cas says, nodding toward them but looking at Dean now "have been pushing us together since they found out we dated in highschool."
Cas could feel the shots already chasing around the current alcohol in his bloodstream. He looked back up at Dean, and Dean was already staring into his eyes.
Cas didnt say a word, just stared back at her with that damn stoic look of his.
Silently, they made their way back to Dean's room. Glancing at the clock, Dean noted it was already 5 in the morning. "Might as well start the day" he said.
What the fuck? He knows his face is showing his confusion by the look Naomi is giving back to him. "I didn't say anything to anybody, except that I'd get them to where they needed to go as soon as I took her to the hospital." Dean says. He's searching his mind, trying to figure out when the hell he was rude to somebody.
Dean slowly let go. He felt a bit guilty, but promised himself he'd get Cas back.
Sam turned around, looking at Cas. "Hey, you came."
"You were different, Cas." The sadness overwhelms him, and he's not sure what to do to make Cas believe that.
Cas closed his eyes and turned away, back towards his task at hand. "Coffee?" He asked.
"Yes, I know. I've just been busy." Cas replied.
"Oh. I have an idea." Cas said.
"I know, I'm sorry. Somebody climbed in my bed this morning and wouldn't leave until I got up." He leaves out the fact that he really wanted to know how she was too, and wanted to make sure Cas was okay. Then quieter he says "she was worried."
"Let me explain." Cas says, pleading in his voice.
He has a few passengers on the bus, most of whom are sitting toward the front, save for one guy in the very back. Dean stops at a red light and does his usual scan in the mirror, making sure everything is fine. That's when he sees it.
Dean watched as Cas opened the bottle and squirted a bit onto his fingers, rubbing it around. Cas leaned over him, pressing their lips together as he slowly circled Dean's hole with his finger and gently pushed in.
They silently head up the stairs and into Cas' room, and when he turns back Dean looks nervous. As much as he wants this, wants Dean, if he's not ready then Cas will wait. He'll wait as long as it takes, because Dean is worth it.
Cas doesn't even respond though, just starts putting food on his plate. Emma is looking at Dean, and he finally says "jesus, calm down. We just slept." Claire tilts her head in a very Cas like fashion, and Dean says "seriously, he came over to talk, it got late, and we went to sleep. Now eat your damn breakfast and stop looking at me."
They can be friends. They should be friends. They get along well, and their daughters are growing extremely close, so it's logical that it would happen. But he will not date Dean Winchester.
"Just a few more minutes" was Cas' response.
"Shut up, jerk" Sam said, laughing.
He never wants it to end, but his emotional exhaustion is overpowering his want, and he knows Dean has to be feeling the same. They part slowly, with sweet light kisses until they're resting their foreheads together with eyes closed and just soaking up the other's presence.
Dean thought for a moment, then leaned forward. He had to be honest with Cas. Not telling him things had caused him to almost lose him several times. "Cas?"
Too fast? Cas has been waiting seventeen years to have Dean again, they couldn't be slower if they'd tried. He wants him, more than he's ever wanted anything, and he's going to have him.
"Juss humfry, mm fne" Dean said, with a mouth full of food.
He looks around the room, and all the girls are just staring at him with varying levels of concern on their faces. "Alright, I'm taking Claire to the hospital. Charlie, you stay here with the other girls and I'll be back when I can." He says, then turns back to Claire. "Do you think you can walk?" He asks.
Standing directly behind Cas, Dean sighed. "Cas..."
"Weren't you wanting to get out on your own? You know, do the whole independent consultant thing?" Claire asks, not backing down. It's like she knows there's history here and is just pushing him to acknowledge it.
"I've gone seventeen long years without you in my life. A day has never gone by that I haven't thought about you, or missed you, or wanted you, and I never want to be without you again. I love you so fucking much. You and Claire are already family, and Emma and I would like to make it official. Cas, will you marry me?" Dean's hand slides into his pocket and pulls out a little black box, and when he opens it Cas sees a silver ring gleaming inside.
Dean reached his hand over and grasped ahold of Cas', intertwining their fingers, and pulled Cas closer to his side.
It takes a minute, but then Emma's at the top of the stairs looking down at them. "Claire's dad is here." He says to her.
"Nothing." He looked at Cas. "I just wanted to see you. I knew you were fine from your text messages, but I was wondering what happened? But... I can talk to you later. You guys just go back to... talking?" Jack said, with a furrow to his brow as he backed out of the room.
Cas spends the next several days wondering why. Mostly, why it happened.
Dean grabbed a seat and picked up the shot glass. "To a... good night?" He said.
Sam let off a short laugh "I could use some help on this research. I'm gonna find a way to bring Rowena back."
Dean wrote up another message:
Cas' fingers are still holding tight, and Dean's dizzy with want, can see the same in Cas' eyes. Dean closes his eyes again and leans his forehead against Cas'. "I want you, I do. I just... Not yet." Dean says, opening his eyes and silently pleading for Cas to understand.
"You didnt have to... So, we had a few more drinks last night. We got to talking. One thing led to another. It's not a big deal." Sam said, trying to act cool.
"No man, I'm not doing that. I'm going." Dean stood up, already walking towards the door. He didn't look back, knowing what he'd find on Cas' face.
Shrugging, Dean takes a drink of his water. "I do what I can. We moved back here when Em was two. Sam had just gotten out on his own and came back, so I figured why not. For being an eighteen year old kid in college, he was actually a huge help."
"I guess your worries about Sam not getting her settled were inconsequential." Cas said, looking over at Dean.
"Yeah Dean, Cas likes them. And I like them. So just deal. And theres only 8, not a million." Sam said, as he came into the room holding 2 bowls of popcorn, unburnt.
"Just temporarily," Cas had said. "Until you find someplace else. That way you don't have to rush into something you don't like."
Bobby is a surly old man with a dirty baseball hat and a gruff voice, but needs no more than Cas' name before he's offering him the work and saying he'll have a contract drawn up. Cas is in and out of there in about twenty minutes, and is stunned as he starts his truck and heads over to the Roadhouse.
Dean pulled back, sitting up. "What's wrong?" He asked, his heart starting to beat a little faster. 'Hes pissed. About last night? Fuck. Did I fuck this up again already?' Dean thought.
Dean follows Cas outside to his car. "Do you want me to come back with you?" He asks, but based on the distant look on Cas' face he's pretty sure he already knows the answer, and his heart is racing waiting on it.
"You texted her last night, when you tried to leave. Were you going to go to to her? Is that why you wanted to leave with Jack so badly?" Cas asked, flashing an angered look at Dean.
"Cas, I-" Dean started, but his words were cut off by the DJ.
, so close. Close enough to touch. Cas' body thrums with the need to be even closer, the need to pull Dean against him and kiss him and promise to make it better.
Cas pulled back a little and looked at Dean.
"I'm just gonna go check on the girls." Dean says, hooking his thumb over his shoulder. "Be nice." He says to Charlie, before going inside.
He internally sighs, guilt washing over him yet again. "I know you're unhappy we had to move, and I'm sorry. I just really want you to try to settle in. I don't plan on us moving again any time soon."
Dean nodded, considering. "I figured she was just humoring us." He chuckled.
Dean woke up slowly this time, realizing that, for the first time in a long time, he hadnt had a nightmare.
Dean unlocks the doors and Cas lays down the sheet on the back seat, carefully setting the chicken cage on top of it, which Dean appreciates so much.
Cas swallowed hard and nodded "okay".
He looked into Cas' eyes and saw the earnestness there. Suddenly Dean was very aware of Cas underneath him, and something hard poking into his side. "Oh."
Dean steps back and motions Cas inside, and for the trifecta of failed parts of his plan, he steps through the door. So much for that. Cas hands the bag to Dean, and he asks Cas to follow him back to the kitchen. When they get there, Dean grabs an envelope off the counter and hands it to him.
"I really dont want to." Dean replied, taking another swig from the bottle.
"It really wasn't a big deal, and only took me an hour and a half. You don't need to pay me." Cas says, trying to hand the envelope back.
"Yes. I want you. All of you. I want to feel you inside me." Dean said, pulling Cas' mouth back to his.
Cas looks over toward the hallway, worried about the girls overhearing.
"Sam's my brother. And that's Jack. He's... Well, hes like our kid. Its complicated" Dean said, gesturing to Jack beside Sam.
"That's because I hate karaoke" Cas grumbled.
"What exactly did he say?" She asks, with her concerned Charlie face.
Cas snorted "yes, I know that."
Cas picked up the pace again, slamming into Dean over and over. He reach down and grasped Dean's hard cock in his hand, stroking in time with his thrusts. Dean moaned again, hands digging into Cas' shoulders. Dean's legs tightened around him, and Cas knew he was close. "Come for me, Dean." Cas commanded, and seconds later Dean was spilling white hot liquid over his hand and all over his stomach.
He gently drops Dean down onto the bed, and climbs up over him, bringing their lips back together for a moment before taking ahold of Dean's shirt and pulling it off. God, he missed this body. Hard planes, tapered hips, just a little soft around the middle.
Breaking their kiss, Dean's lips make their way down Cas' jaw to his neck, pressing, licking, nibbling the skin there. Cas tilts his head back against the door so Dean has better access and can feel himself growing harder in his pants. Dean rolls his hips against him, pressing his own hardness against Cas', and a moan escapes Cas' throat unbidden, as a sudden shock of pleasure and terror races through him.
Once Dean is seated, his bag in his lap, he looks around, figiting. He bites his lip, and Cas just wants to snap at him to get on with it, because this is just too much. Dean, here in his space, looking so vulnerable; its killing him.
Dean reached both hands up, and ripped the buttons of Cas' shirt open, exposing his chest. Dean's mouth explored down, kissing over Cas' collarbone and chest.
When the door opens, Sam takes one look at him and concern covers his face. "What's wrong?"
"You texted him?" Dean asked, looking at Cas.
"You're not. You're shaking. You've never done that before." Dean said. He looked around and saw a dirt road surrounded by trees up ahead. He turned down it, driving maybe a mile before he stopped the car.
Cas stood there staring at Dean for what felt like an eternity. Dean was breathing hard, his pulse pounding in his ears the only noise in the room.
"You too Dean." Cas says, smiling a genuine smile now.
He has about a million other questions he wants to ask, but he won't. He can't bring himself to do it, because he knows he wouldn't get any answers anyway. She's loyal to Dean, and that's admirable, but he wants to know.
He likes her. Even though it was only about a two minute conversation, he can definitely see her and Emma being good friends.
They both stood under the hot water, letting it rinse them clean, as they stared into each others eyes.
Dean had almost, almost, forgotten about what had happened to make him end up here in the first place. He lost his smile, turned back to the bar, and took a gulp of his drink, finishing it and waving for another.
"The gentleman said that you mumbled expletives and rolled your eyes at him when he expressed concern. He said that you were unprofessional." Naomi says, eyeing him.
fair for him to judge Dean on something that happened so long ago. He's proven that he's reliable, and he's stable. He has a kid, which means disappearing really isn't much of an option. Cas is sure Dean still feels something for him, and he definitely still feels something for Dean.
Before they can get too far, Cas follows them out onto the porch, and when Dean turns around Cas pulls him into a hug and says "thank you, Dean." Then he let's go and goes back inside, closing the door without another look.
"Okay." Cas replies, turning to pick his stuff up again. He looks at Dean and smiles. "Goodbye Dean." And then he's down the hall and out the door.
Cas smiles back, small and confident, but he nods. "Probably for the best." He says, and backs up a little more until they aren't touching anymore.
Cas turns around slowly. "Hello, Dean." He says, and looks and holy fuck. Dean's tshirt, hands, arms, and face, they all have smears of grease. His pants have a hole in the knee, his hair is fucked, and Cas is pretty sure he's never seen anyone look that hot in his life.
Then Dean slowly moved back, only 2 steps. He tore his eyes away from Cas' and let them roam over his body. His beautifully sculpted body. Dean could feel himself hardening a little just looking at Cas. His chest was hard, like he worked out every day, down to a perfect stomach, which led down to his beautifully hard member.
Dean's eyes flick up to his mirror and watches as the woman tries to stand up to move but is pushed back into her seat by one of the men as he laughs. He pulls over at his next stop, but doesn't open the doors. He pulls his seatbelt off, stands up and turns around.
something?
Finally, Cas smiled. It wasnt a big smile, but it was enough encouragement for Dean to pull Cas' head back to him and place another kiss on his lips.
"Wait, really?" Cas asks, but Dean can see a smile tugging at his lips.
"Go and talk to him. He's probably in there worrying about how you're reacting to what he did." Sam stated.
"Have you seen Dean?" Cas knows he sounds frantic and desperate, because he is. He has to get a hold of him, explain himself, he
Hed never done anything so intimate with somebody. Something that wasn't sexual at all, just closeness and taking care of each other.
"I want to. But I don't know where he is." Dean said.
"Okay, so what's bothering you about that?" Sam asked, confused at the problem.
"Are you sure, Dean?" Cas asked, with a look that said he thought Dean had had more than enough.
Dean grabbed some clothes and they made their way to the shower room, not bothering to dress first since Sam and Jack were both gone.
He doesn't have to wait long for a reply.
Cas huffed, and went to push past Dean, but he wobbled a little. He felt Dean's hands close around his arms, and straightened up. "Careful" Dean said.
He tells Dean that Claire's awake and insisting on seeing them, yes both of them not just Emma, so Dean wakes her and they follow him back to her room.
Cas rolled his hips down, rubbing himself against Dean, and Dean moaned, throwing his head back onto the pillow. Cas kissed over to Dean's nipple, taking it into his mouth and sucking on it lightly. He felt Dean's hands in his hair, tugging on it, and a groan escaped his own throat.
There's noises behind Dean, and hes trying hard to keep his eyes on the road but also figure out what the fuck is happening back there by flicking his eyes quickly to the mirror.
"I love you too." Dean says.
Sam leaves the room without another word, and Dean falls back into a fitful sleep, pictures of Cas like snapshots in his mind.
Time passes while he sits and stares at the wall, wondering if he'll ever feel whole again, when there's a knock on the door.
"Dean-" Cas started.
Courtney turned, lowering the book in her hand, and stared at Sam for a moment. Then she closed the book, set it back on the shelf, and strode over to him. "Hello, I'm Courtney" she extended her hand.
After eating, Charlie leaves and Cas is left to his own thoughts again. He knows it's going to take time, but he wants to fix this now. He wants Dean back in his life, back in his home, and in his arms.
His nervous energy is wearing on him, so he heads outside and gets to work again, setting an alarm this time. He's determined to be better, if Dean doesn't cancel again. Determined to be less absentminded, more focused on him.
He throws on the first clothes his hands touch, jeans and a tshirt, and pulls a hoodie over his head because it's gotta still be pretty chilly out this early in the morning.
Cas tells them he'll be back with their meals soon, giving both Dean and Gordon a look before walking away.
Cas sinks down onto the couch and puts his head in his hands. How could he have fucked this up so badly? He knows he should've tried harder, but Dean kept insisting it was fine, that he was good with the way Cas worked. He shouldn't have listened. This is the same shit that's happened every time he's started seeing someone in the past, the only difference is that Dean genuinely never seemed to have a problem with it.
Dean kisses up Cas' body, slowly removing his fingers, and brings their lips together while reaching into the nightstand. Cas takes ahold of his hand, pulling it back. "No condom. Please? Need to feel you."
Gabriel raises his hands up in surrender. "Okay, yes I knew. He comes in here sometimes."
Cas shrugs and stuffs it in his pocket. "I'll just use it towards our date. Are you free tomorrow night?"
Unable to stop himself, Cas cries into her shoulder for a long time. He cries until they're all dried up again and he can get out more than "I'm sorry."
"Em-"
"Oh. Good morning." She said, looking embarrassed. "Sam left a note, said he went running, and that youd be sleeping late." She paused, looking down at herself. "I thought I'd make some coffee, but... I see you're already doing that... Well, now that I've sufficiently embarrassed myself." She made to turn around.
"Anything but chicken." Dean answers, staring down at the menace on his foot.
break Cas' heart, hanging over them, not to mention that he still doesn't know
Dean slid out from Cas' arms, and stood up. "You coming?" He asked, looking back at Cas still laying in the bed.
Cas' heart sinks into his stomach, and he swallows audibly, backing up minutely, hands dropping by his sides. "Okay." He says, nervously.
"Thank you." Cas said, taking a small drink.
--'I havent heard back so I'm assuming things either went really great, or really bad.'
"I'll just be a minute, jeez." She tosses behind her, not even slowing down.
So it’s not a surprise, not really, when he feels the poison climb up through his arteries and into his heart. It's a fucked up one, he read about it once: paralyses your limbs and gets to your heart in record time, killing you in a few minutes. Bad luck that these bastards happened to have a dagger covered in it. Oh, who is he kidding? Bad luck? That’s just hypocritical, and he doesn’t have any time left for hypocrisy. Doesn’t have time for much of anything anymore, really. He knew about the poison, and if they did more research, took this case seriously, like they did 10 years ago, they would have brought antidotes, and laughed about it all as Dean recovered. They didn’t though, and his left leg gives up under him. Hell, Dean almost threw himself on the knife, with how stupid and desperate he acts in fights now.
He stops then, surprised by the sudden wetness on his cheeks. He’s thankful for the cover of the dark then, can pretend he’s not crying because the Beast tore at his innards. He doesn’t know exactly who he wants to hide this all from. And really it doesn’t matter all that much, because he can only think of how much he misses Cas. Dean pushes play again, and falls asleep with an arm around the dark wolf of his heart.
And then there were lips.
He held it to his chest.
he thought faintly, as he watched his own amusement reflected back in Cas’s extraordinary eyes.
The feeling that flooded Dean’s ribcage was like a torrent of molasses, warm and heavy. He wrapped his arms around Jack’s back, even let himself rest his chin against Jack’s head. “Thanks, kiddo.”
Cas looked dumbfounded for a second, his eyes darting to Dean’s lips, and by God if this wasn’t the wrong time and the wrong place, Dean thought, as a rock settled in the pit of his stomach. The dim winter sun above them was still warm enough to make the monster snot on both of them stink that little more, and Cas’s jaw was slack and flapping a little as he searched for the right words.
When they were down to the last few, they had to chase them down manually, amongst the litany of profanities the creatures were picking up from them and hurling back. Dean had his last gnome cornered between himself and a fence post when he heard a warning shout from Sam.
A second too late.
Eileen nodded, but Sam seemed to have an idea as he watched one of the slimy little creatures wiggle its ass at him tauntingly. A familiar spark lit up behind his eyes and he pulled a smallish burlap sack of rock salt out of his coat pocket.
Except- he didn’t, not really.
The most tone-deaf chorus he’d ever heard of “Happy birthday” followed, which was a given, as he was the only one who could actually carry a tune, but he refused to sink to the level of douchiness of joining in on his own birthday song. Then, they were digging into their pancakes, talking about their plans for the day, and just soaking in the early morning serenity.
It was a simple, handsome card. Navy with gold lettering.
It was then that he finally connected a hit but was quick to find out that an iron crowbar was about as much use on the little shits as, well, a crowbar.
It caught Dean’s breath in his throat, and something bubbled up.
“C’mere,” Dean grunted, and pulled Jack tight against his chest, furiously blinking away the moisture gathering at the corners of his eyes. There was thick emotion in his chest churning and gargling like a carburettor clogged with gravel, and he mumbled, “Love you,” into the boy’s as-yet unbrushed hair. Jack let out a happy sigh and leaned into him heavier.
Cas was still holding his hand. And his eyes were so soft, and so blue.
Twelve years spent falling in love, two months spent being in love, and Cas was still just standing there. Like a dick.
Two months. Two whole months since they’d bust out of the Empty, saved the world together and held each other, aching, and crying and kissing fervently in the aftershocks.
“Dean!” Eileen called, and then there was a small bag of rock salt arcing through the air towards him, which he caught neatly.
That only served to put Dean in a better mood, though, and soon they were all wreaking havoc on the overgrown field, trying whatever their best instincts and experience said oughta work.
Because every kiss, every touch, every
The thought was ringing in his head, clear as a bell, as he sat up in bed sometime after six in the morning.
From Sam and Eileen, there was a beautiful photo album, bound in smooth black leather. It was half-filled already, with rare pictures of Sam and Dean as children, Jack on his first birthday, Dean and Eileen posing for a picture, leaning against the trunk of the Impala with beer bottles in hand after a successful hunt, amongst others. And one that looked too candid for him to have known it was happening, his hand slipped into Cas’s, and Cas smiling at him with that stupid look that never failed to make Dean’s heart thud like a mistimed bass drum. The rest of the pages were left empty, an open invitation from Sam and Eileen to keep filling it with new memories. “This is beautiful, Sammy,” he croaked, and did his best to meet his brother’s eye.
A light frost bit at the ground, and curling clouds of white emanated from their lips.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said. His stomach gave a jolt, but he had to ask before he lost his nerve. He squeezed Cas’s hand, to give himself courage more than anything. “How come you never kiss me?”
Cas was looking at him. Standing at a distance. Hands hanging at his sides. “Have a good day, Dean,” he said, in a soft voice that made Dean’s chest ache.
Crushing against his.
The card was indeed full of glitter and hand cut heart-shaped confetti, but it was the shaky writing on the front that made his breath catch. With each letter spelled out in a different coloured marker, Jack had written “Happy birthday Dad” on the front, and then there was the present Cas had brought. The joint, accompanying gift from Cas and Jack was enough to set his bottom lip wobbling – a blue coffee mug with
With a barely concealed huff, Dean crossed the chasm between them and kissed him, gently cradling a strong and stubbled jaw in both his hands. “You too, baby.”
He had a card and wrapped present in hand, but he still stood awkwardly, a country mile away from their little three-person cluster by the coffee pot. And it made Dean’s heart pang. Part of it was just Cas - an eternity of angel mannerisms couldn’t be scrubbed out by a mere decade on Earth - but part of it was....
“Morning!” came his brother’s chirpy morning voice. “Happy birthday, Dean.”
“Hey!” He yelled to his compatriots, waving an arm over his head. Sam and Eileen both stopped to look, wearing twin expressions of wild bemusement, and really, he wished he had a camera on him. “Iron sucks!” He said, signing it large and waving his useless crowbar.
“Oh!” Jack said, lurching out of his seat less like a God and more like a hyperactive three-year-old. He was
Dean felt childish laughter bubble up out of his chest at that, disbelieving, as Sam shook his hands free of gunk and wiped it off his face. “Oh my god, they’re like slugs!” Dean said with a sharp cackle.
Hot and chapped.
as his little - hah - brother enveloped him in a hug. For someone of Sam’s size, it bewildered Dean that he could sneak up on anyone. Or maybe Dean was just getting unobservant in his old age. “Thanks, Sam,” he said, giving him a pat on the back. Even now, after nearly four decades, the smell of his brother’s clothes still reminded him of a long-gone family home in Lawrence, but that thought didn’t raise any more sadness in him now than a faint and settled pang. He called it progress and clung a little harder to his brother’s flannel.
Dean guessed, but definitely favoured one. Jack was about half Sam’s body mass, but he hit Dean at such a speed that he still forced a grunt out of his chest. “Happy birthday!”
When Cas and Jack were gone, he belatedly realised he’d forgotten to open Cas’s card after feeling like he’d been sideswiped by a freight train after Jack’s.
Cas held onto his fingers, reticent to let go, and he just stood there, and looked at Dean with the softest smile on his face.
He could tell it was his birthday just by the fact that Sam had likely been up since five but had still kept the coffee piping hot, ready for Dean.
He looked up at the angel - his angel - clad in his signature trench-coat and frown. And he fell back into the dirt in fits of laughter.
Dean flashed him his most charming smile – the devil-may-care one – and said, in a very low and serious voice, “Saving the world.”
Turns out Eileen’s idea of a birthday treat was the hunter’s equivalent of a game of whack-a-mole. When she’d driven him and Sam out to a horse ranch an hour down the highway and explained, Dean had started laughing and pulled his (hopefully, future, one-day) sister-in-law into a bear hug.
had to come from Dean. And he wasn’t sick of it – he could never be sick of anything that let him touch Cas, be with Cas – but he would be lying if he said it didn’t hurt sometimes.
No faster than Sam could throw a handful of salt like cast dye, the gnome exploded with a yelp, splattering Sam with green-yellow goo. “Gross!” he yelped.
Jack was still bouncing on his toes, and Dean laid a steadying hand on his shoulder. “Before I open presents, we gotta wait for-“
Some ridiculous keening sound was forced from Dean’s chest, and he threw his spare arm around Cas’s neck with abandon, his other still clasping Cas’s fingers firmly in his. Cas’s weather-worn lips against his soft ones felt a little sore, and he was going to buy him a chapstick, and their respective tea- and coffee-breath was mingling together in a noxious mix, but it was
Like on the morning of his forty-second birthday, and the man who had admitted to being crazy, stupid, “loved the whole world for you” in love with him two months ago had stood six feet away and just looked.
“Dean,” Cas said in lieu of greeting, looking vaguely troubled at the monster snot covering his dress shoes and trousers.
This was dumb. They were dumb. He crossed the space between them and wrapped his boyfriend, his angel, his life partner up in his arms and pressed a sloppy kiss to the peak of his cheekbone. “Thanks, baby,” he said, as solid arms wound around his lower back.
“I, uh,” Cas looked away with pink rising at his cheeks, instead watching as Eileen and Sam picked their way back across the field to each other, still wild-eyed and laughing. “I forgot to show Jack how to set the clock you gave us in our office, so I believe it shows the wrong time.”
Sam studies him a moment. “Right, okay.” He turns and leaves, a soft click from the front door signaling Dean’s alone again.
His boss gets there first.  Extending a hand, Johnston introduces himself, with a smile. Dean is glad he did because his voice is currently betraying him.
“I’m coloring,” Jack states, like he’s sharing what
“So, it's what he said then,” Cas says.
. She pretended to ignore the warm fuzzies that were slowly creeping up after being compared to Dean. She was going to take that comparison to her fucking grave. Handing the phone back, she said, “Listen, I just like local ghost stories, so if you don’t  have any I’ll be on my way.”
“I think you know, Dean,” Sam says, stationed at the archway. When Dean doesn’t respond he sighs, and continues. “Cas,” he says, bluntly. “I know you care about him more than just ‘buddies’ so why don’t you stop making yourself miserable and do something about it?”
Cas: Dean Would Like You To Know, “You Don't Know A Damn Thing About Anything.” B)
Claire stabbed her pen down by a paragraph in the book. “He compared you two to Thelma and Louise.” Her eyebrows made friends with her hairline as she stared him down. “Seriously, Cas?”
Then she got an idea. “You should bring him by one day, show him around.” Smart, Hannah. Smart.
Dean doesn’t answer.
“Jack bought that for you.”
He looks at them. Will has dark brown hair, and a poor excuse for a beard and a scraggly little mustache that makes him look like a 14 year old who got facial hair for the first time. His chin is small, and his lips are thin. Matt has a nicer beard, and prominent brow bones that shadow his eyes. He doesn’t think either of them are attractive. Which is unsurprising.
He finds sleep blissfully.
Dean sits down on the floor on the other side of Jack. His knees pop painfully when he criss-crosses his legs. “What’cha working on there, Bob Ross?”
Cas sits up and reaches to turn his lamp on. Warm light fills the space.
He looked at Claire, she nodded. He scratched out the question mark.
His phone rings and he nearly smacks his forehead on the undercarriage. He pulls himself out from under the vehicle, wiping his hands on his jeans.
and swing his arm to punch the intruder. But is fortunately quickly cut short when Cas catches his wrist and shoves his palm over his mouth and glares, his face dusted by the moonlight. His hand smells like their cucumber soap. Dean holds his breath, again. Cas slowly takes his hand away.
Saturday morning, once again, finds them at the local Farmer’s Market. The sun is shining, but the ground is still slightly wet from the rain the night before. Jack’s shoes squish into small mud puddles as he runs up to the first stall he sees and asks the lady stationed behind her homemade jams about a million questions. She answers every one with a kind smile. “What’s that?” “That one is strawberry jam.” “Strawberry?” “Yes.” “Why?” “Because it’s delicious.” “Why?” “Would you like to try it?” “Yes, please.”
+ + +
+ + +
Dean apparently can't get him out fast enough, because by the time he parks and opens Jack’s car door, Jack’s attempting to pry himself out of the seat, held back only by the simple man made toddler car seat-seatbelts. Humans-1. Baby Nephil… also 1. Dammit.
The taller one, with lighter hair, finally reaches for her hand and shakes. “Pleasure. I’m Dean. This is my husband, Cas.” She remembers the name Dean from when their daughter picked up Jack.
“Well, I don’t have any concerns—” that’s a lie, she has many concerns, just not about Jack’s education specifically. “—about his progress.” She mindlessly straightens the papers on her desk. “Do you have any concerns or questions?”
The conversation was short and sweet. Presumably, it was Cas.
Dean laughs. “Uh, no. Cas would have my head if I sent him home on a sugar rush," he says as they part ways.
Dean let’s himself melt in Cas’ embrace. For the first time in a long time, Dean isn’t afraid.
Cas pulled himself away just enough to place a kiss on his lips. They stood there for a moment. Cas leaned up against the Impala, drinking each other in. Cas’ lips were soft and familiar. Dean smiled at him when they broke apart. And they, reluctantly, unwrapped themselves from each other, and Dean made his way to the driver seat.
“No, buddy, they don’t.”
Dean snorts. “She’s not gonna feed you, buddy.”
Jack nodded and returned to his meal.
He’s not going to be a good dad. Sure, he is now, but little kids are easy. All you have to do is make sure they eat and sleep and answer their daily quota of 1000 questions. But when he’s older? What happens when Jack makes a mistake and Dean loses his temper? What happens when Jack takes after Dean and becomes a raging alcoholic with emotional intimacy issues? And when Jack has a kid, and the cycle continues?
Cas and Jack aren’t home when he gets there. It’s a little after noon, which means they will be soon for Jack’s nap.
Kathryn stares slack-jawed at Will on the floor, who is clutching his wrist. Dean did not grab him that hard, jeez.
Dean chuckled and scrunched his nose. “I know what you mean.”
Sam stares at him, prompting him to continue.
He eventually pulls away for air, like fireworks going off in his brain, his whole body alight. One hand cradles Cas’ face, the other still in his hair.
But Liam’s face was still very funny to watch.
“Yes.”
“Still, I wish I could heal Jack when he falls, until he learns how to himself.” He lets out a small chuckle. “I wish I could heal your aching back when you come home from work. I wish I could stop your nightmares again.”
Hannah couldn’t help but laugh at his face. Yeah, she was shocked. But that’ll teach her to assume anymore. Christ, she was a lesbian herself, and hated when people assumed she was anything but. And now she was a hypocrite.
“And look at you, you’ve got gray hair, too. I never thought I’d see that.” Dean points to his own head, to match where Cas’ gray hair is. “I thought even if I got a chance to grow old, you’d still look the same in 30 years.” He tries not to think about how much that scared him.
“Oh.”
The bell, above the door, chimed obnoxiously, signalling another human-interaction she’ll have to grit her teeth through. Biting back a groan, and turned toward the guest.
Will appears next to their table and snatches up Dean’s phone. Oh, so they
Claire picked up her half eaten burger and stood. “I’m gonna go eat in my room.” Not subtle, but neither of them paid her any attention. She dragged Jack with her. He only protested long enough to grab his own plate.
Emma takes a deep breath. “Yes, well. Thank you for joining me. Mr. Kline, here is—”
Emma clears her throat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sure.
Dean slipped his mask off and tossed it away. He did the same with Cas’, carefully, to not wake him up. He leaned his head back, and shut his eyes.
Jack nods, as if he understands perfectly. “Panda’s have cars?”
Cas sighs, and continues, “And I didn’t realize you—I shouldn’t have—you needed me and I wanted you. And it was selfish.” Cas’ blue eyes shining underneath his dark lashes.
Anyway, Lucifer fucks them over. And what a shock that is! They really have to stop making deals with demons and the Litteral King of Hell. But you don’t teach new tricks to an old dog apparently, and the Winchesters just keep shaking hands with wolves, even when they don’t bother putting on sheep skins. But still, they’ve got a plan apparently! It’s convoluted, dangerous and there’s a very high chance it’ll blow up in their faces, but it’s a plan. Something to cling to and recreate an end of the world routine to.
But hope is a fleeting thing, and the peace doesn’t last long. Simply saying that Cas is out there doesn’t magically bring him into Dean’s arms, or give them any new leads. And admitting he’s in love doesn’t mend his heart, or dismantle decades of weird mental constructs. The heavy stare of his dead dad doesn't leave his back, a sword of damocles hanging over his head, ready to break his skull open at any wrong move he makes. And there are so many wrong moves to make. To think of Castiel is the wrongest move, because now that all the doors are unlocked, he can’t go back and think about him the way he used to.
So Dean just lies in his empty bed, ears filled with the songs his parents fell in love to, and he thinks of Cas. He thinks of him so hard he sometimes feels like he’s laying down next to him, through the buzz of alcohol clouding his mind. Cas is right there besides him, trenchcoat draping over the bed, but he’s also standing in a dark room at the end of the world. And he tells Dean he loves him, tears in his eyes. And Dean says it back, feels the words form on his heavy tongue, spill into the air between them. But there’s no one on the bed next to him and Dean whispers the words to an empty room, to an empty world ruled by a heartless god.
“Do you cuddle?” Sam asks, and earns a slap on the back of the head. “Ow.” Sam swats his arm away. “And you think it’s just because there's another person there and not because it’s Cas,” Sam states, in a disbelieving tone.
Dean’s phone buzzes ten minutes later.
“Chuck wrote a bunch of novels about our lives and published them,” Sam explained, hesitantly gesturing to the book in Cas’ hand.
He sips his water while the coffee brews, filling the pot. He brews a whole pot, and only feels a little bad. But he doesn’t intend on going back to bed anytime soon, so he won’t waste too much.
They barely pulled out of the parking lot before Cas said, “Sam said, ‘Stop flirting by texting me. My god, you can't take one shopping trip without being disgusting.’”
“Yeah yeah, loverboy. Go make your moves.” She waved him off and turned to leave. “Have a nice night, I’ll see you in the morning. With a shovel.”
So he had started cleaning his gun, because otherwise he’d be on his way to a bar.
“I know that, Dean. I’m not asking you to move out. I’m asking you what you want.”
“By human standards, I wouldn’t say forty’s that old. But by Claire’s standard, well.” Cas smirks. “You’re a dinosaur.” Cas turns and leans on the table.
Dean really doesn’t want to hear whatever “I’m happy for you guys” speech Sam’s gonna pull out of his ass. Because there’s nothing to be happy for. They aren’t together. Dean’s just a pathetic man who can’t sleep alone, and Cas indulges him cause he’s a good guy. And they’re
Cas is smiling again, and it really is a beautiful sight to behold. Dean follows Cas back out into the restaurant and to the bar off to the side. They sit next to each other on the stools, and when the bartender comes over Cas looks to Dean.
Cas picked Dean up and threw him onto the bed, knocking the wind out of him. Dean felt Cas climb on top of him, claiming his mouth once again, not letting him catch his breath. Dean's chest was burning with the need for air, but he didnt care. He grabbed Cas's shirt, pulling his body down harder against himself.
As the door begins to shut, Dean's hand reaches out to stop it. "Please Cas, just give me five minutes." He sounds so dejected, so hurt, it takes everything in Cas' power not to let his sympathy overcome him. "Please."
"Cas, love you baby." Dean says into Cas' neck. "Missed you. Love you." As he presses more kisses to his skin and speeds up his thrusts.
"That's interesting" Cas said.
Sam saw Dean staring at him. "What?"
"I'm Courtney" she said, holding her hand out.
"Here, Casanova, at least take this" Gabriel says, passing him a to go cup.
Dean could see Cas' eyes light up at the words hed said. He just stood there and stared at Dean for a few moments, butterflies going crazy in his stomach, before crashing their lips back together. Cas kissed Dean with such intensity it took his breath away.
Dean sighed, resigned that he really did need the help. "Alright. Just give me like 15 minutes to finish up, and I'll be in."
"Deal" she says, enthusiastically, before quickly climbing out of the car and grabbing her bag, no doubt in a hurry to avoid him changing his mind. "Thanks dad!"
"When I left here, I didnt plan on doing what I did. I stopped at the bar because I needed a drink." Dean said.
"Yeah, I know. So what?" Sam replied.
Dean had never felt anything this good in his life. He never wanted it to end. He could feel the pull in his stomach and knew he was close.
"Better than you already got to know her last night?" Dean waggled his eyebrows.
Gordon waves him away. "I've got it. Besides, they comped us so it's not that much anyway." Credit card sticking out of the folder, he waves for the waitress to take it. Several tense minutes later, she returns.
He wants this for his own garden.
Dean stared at her. How'd she know what time he was meeting Cas?
Cas looked up into Sam's face, contemplating for a moment. He knew he could trust Sam. "I'm just worried. About Dean."
Cas leaned down, kissing Dean's mouth first, then moving along his face, down to his neck. He could feel Dean's hands all over him as he sucked a mark onto Dean's neck.
"I threw it past him!" Dean insisted.
Cas didnt ease up, squeezing and sucking until he'd swallowed every drop Dean gave him. Once he could feel Dean's body relax, he pulled his mouth off, licking his lips.
"Arent they just the cutest?!' She asked Sam.
Dean slowly walked back to the bar. "Umm, yeah, sorry about that." He said nervously.
"Why do you think?" Dean asked. Cas looked into his eyes, and saw warmth and comfort there.
"Oh, yes. I'll direct you." Cas said, settling into the seat. "It is a long drive, I hope that's okay."
Cas looked up at him. "I am too, Dean." Then he looked back down into his coffee, as if it held all the answers of the universe.
. Fuck, yes." Cas' hands grip Dean's hips again, and he plants his feet on the bed and thrust up into Dean each time he bounces down.
Once they're cleaned up, Cas heads downstairs to make coffee and Dean lays in a blissfully haze for a couple of minutes. Blissful until he remembers the last week, worry and frustration and misery washing over him. He lets himself feel it for a few minutes, then forces himself to push it all down and pastes a smile onto his face before making his way to the kitchen.
"No, thanks." Cas responded to the unasked question. Dean shrugged and poured himself a glass full.
"Mhmm?"
"Dean, I think he was just joking." Cas said.
Dean turned to Cas "So, another one?"
Dean nodded, but said "Nah its fine."
Dean shook his head "so much worse, Sammy." He paused for a few moments, and Sam remained quiet, waiting patiently for Dean to continue.
Cas continued his assault on Dean's neck.
Once they're settled back in bed, Cas pulls Dean to him, pressing his face into Dean's hair and let's a few tears fall. "I love you. I love you and I'm sorry," Cas says quietly.
Charlie pulls her eyes away from the girls, and sets them on Cas. "Holy blue eyes, batman. You are one hot dude." She says, and Cas can feel his face grow warm.
kid... Their
"I've never given up on you, Dean. Why would I start now?" Cas asked, smiling a little.
Cas followed behind Dean to the shower room, sure that Dean would start up two separate showers for them.
Dean thought for a moment. "Better. I think it's pretty much passed."
Dean nodded. "Cas kissed me" he blurted out, not looking up.
Dean opened his eyes, looking around. "Cas" he breathed, eyes landing on Cas' face, just inches from his. Dean started to sit up.
"Cas, no!" Dean yelled over the thundering noise.
Sam laughed "come one Cas, you guys have been dancing around this for far too long. It's about time one of you bucked up and made a move."
"Good" Dean says, and when Cas looks at him he sees Dean's watching him, not the chickens.
"I need him," Cas says, voice broken. He doesn't have any tears left to cry, but his throat still burns with it.
Dean placed his hand on Cas' chest to keep him from moving. He smiled. "Nothing happened Cas. Nothing bad at least. I'm just... I'm just happy. I dont know man. I'm not good with these things. But seeing you there, seeing the pleasure I gave you. It just makes me happy."
"I would've gone. I wanted to go. But he didnt ask." Cas replied.
"Dean-" Cas whispered.
The office gives him aftercare instructions and antibiotic and pain meds. He pays the fee for her visit, which is an insanely high amount, but worth it, and he collects his chicken. She looks okay, seems a little lethargic which they say is normal, but she looks at him and seems happy, or as happy as a chicken can look.
Lost in his own thoughts, and desperate to get back to the bunker quickly, Dean didnt notice someone following him until it was too late.
"I forgive you," Dean says, and that's the second most wonderful thing he's heard in his entire life, after Dean uttering the words 'I love you'.
Dean pulls Cas' lips back to his, but they're just breathing each other's air now, gasping for breath, and Cas feels himself teetering on the edge, so close. Dean cries out again and a moment later he's spilling over Cas' hand. Cas follows right behind him, biting down on Dean's shoulder as his orgasm pulses through him.
"Please just tell me. I can handle whatever it is" Cas said.
Cas felt his dick twitch at the thought of there being nothing between he and Dean their first time. "Me too." Cas replied. He grabbed the condom from Dean's hand, and tossed it to the floor, before kissing him again, and moving his body down, rubbing their erections together. The noises Dean made were incredible, and Cas didn't think he'd ever get enough of them.
Calm down, he probably just got bored of watching you sleep and went to watch TV, Dean told himself.
"I suppose that's true." Cas replies.
Dean looked at Cas. "What about you?"
Dean kisses him again, tells him to have a good day too, says he loves him, then heads to work.
--'Bullshit. Suck it up and go do it. You do want to be with him, dont you?'
"I'm not miserable, at least not here. As long as I can come home to you, I'm happy." Dean says, forcing a smile that he almost feels. He leans forward and presses his lips to Cas', before turning and gulping the rest of his beer down. "I'm not really hungry tonight, so I'm just gonna shower and head to bed." Dean says, dropping the bottle into the recycling.
Dean let's a small smile curl his lips. "Yeah, I know. Thanks, Sammy.
"No."
He looked in the kitchen on his way by, but it was dark and still no Cas. Then he made his way to Cas' room, knowing the whole way that he wasnt going to be there. Dean knocked and slowly opened the door. "Cas?" He said into the dark room. He flipped the light on, and looked around an empty room.
He shakes himself out of his frozen state, and reaches for the door to close it. He can't do this, especially not right now.
The second thing is the envelope Dean gave him. He feels a little guilty for taking the money, as the work had really already been done and all he had to do was find the mistakes. But honestly, he could use it. He'd been to a few small independently owned shops around town the day before trying to get the word out there about what he does, but no one seemed to need an accountant currently.
Dean's a little confused, but it's not like this is the first time Cas has asked him to help. Dean started spending time out here with him after he moved in, and it's nice, watching Cas get so lost in his passion. Cas has asked for his help on several occasions, usually just sanding, or nailing, but sometimes more.
"Cas... so... close" he said, between kisses.
It starts gently, like the first one, but quickly heats up, Cas' hands tangled in Dean's hair, and Dean's wrapped around Cas' waist. It feels so good, Dean feels so good, and Cas thinks he could spend forever just kissing him.
After Cas stumbles out of bed at the bright and early time of 8am, downs his minimum 2 cups of coffee, skims the morning news, and wakes Claire up, he finally pulls Dean's business card out of his pants pocket where he'd tossed them on the floor the night before.
their naked bodies are pressed together, Dean's cock sliding against his own, and it feels so fucking good, but he wants so much more.
While Dean pauses, he knows Sam's thinking this through, can almost hear the wheels turning in his head. "You didn't tell him, did you?"
"Got you a new sleeping space." Dean says to the chicken. "You didn't come see me like you usually do when I pulled in." She '
"And that thing is that he left you?" She asks.
With memories of the last time he opened this door clouding his vision, Dean pushes it open and steps inside only to stop dead in his tracks.
Cas really needed to stop thinking these things, or the problem in his pants wasnt going to get any better.
Dean huffs. "I never wanted to leave you. You're the one who pushed me away, and for what? A stupid comment I made that I didn't even think about?! It didn't mean anything, Cas. Jesus."
"It's okay," Cas says, forcing a smile he doesn't feel. "I understand. I just, I need some time alone." He does understand, but that doesn't make it hurt any less.
"No problem, sir. Enjoy the rest of your meal." Benny says, then walks away. He watches as Benny approaches Cas toward the back of the restaurant saying something to him. Cas rolls his eyes, and disappears through a door that says employees only.
"I havent felt this rested in while, Cas" Dean replied. He walked over to the bed, stripping it of all the bedding. "I'm just gonna throw these in the wash. I'll meet you in the kitchen?"
Dean moved his lips back to Cas', mercilessly shoving his tongue into his mouth, like he didn't need to breathe.
Cas didn't move. They just looked into each others eyes as the room filled with steam.
His childhood sucked, teenage years even worse, and he can relate well to what Claire said about the highschool being hell. There was one bright spot in all of that, and even now all that thought does is bring a dull ache to his chest.
"Uh, I'm not sure, I've never been here before. But, based on the proprietor, I'm not sure I'll be returning again." He says, shooting a glare Gabriel's way.
Dean's arms tighten around him. "What's left?"
And Cas was not wrong. Three beers later, he and Dean had barely spoken five words to each other, each time they tried his attention was ripped away.
Cas flicked his eyes over to Dean, and saw him pull away from Anna, turning to look at him with a brilliant smile on his face. "Heya Cas."
"I'd like to watch it" Cas said. "Unless you're tired. I can watch it by myself."
"Itll be fine Dean. We have Jack, and Cas. We can do this." Sam said, grabbing himself a small drink as well.
"Hell no" she said, taking a drink of her beer. "After what he did? He can spend the rest of his life wondering where I disappeared to."
Cas glanced over at Anna, who was leaning forward on the table, grinning up at Dean. A surge of jealousy hit Cas so hard, it knocked the wind out of him.
This made Dean start laughing hysterically. He couldnt stop. The look on Sam's face was priceless.
He walked in and sat at the bar, waving down the bartender, an older man with dark hair and a scar down the side of his face.
Dean, pushing aside his nervousness, stepped even closer to Cas, until their chests were just barely touching. Cas could feel his breath on his face. Staring into Cas' eyes, Dean reached down and slowly slid Cas' underwear to the floor, then did the same to his own.
Its Thursday night, and he and Dean are supposed to go out tomorrow after his shift. He's wondering if that's even going to happen now.
Cas titled his head to the side. "What is it?"
Cas just stands there, baffled and confused, brain still not quite awake enough to understand.
"Damnit Cas, never offer to help do research, have I taught you nothing?" Dean asked, with overexaggerated exasperation.
Dean took notice of this, and looked over as Cas with a question on his face.
"Not that." Dean turned to Cas, keeping their hands together. "This. This whole thing. Its perfect. You're perfect."
Claire looks crestfallen for all of two seconds before she perks back up and agrees, then she's running upstairs to her room.
Cas pulls out almost all the way, then pushes back in, starting a rhythm of thrusts, and Dean sobs with relief, pushing back against him each time. He leans over Dean, pressing kisses into his back, shoulders, anywhere he can reach. He bites down, and Dean groans, fists clenching, head thrown back.
