“I’m here with Benny,” she said without any preamble. “Dean killed Cole last night.” Sam gasped, but Charlie continued as if she hadn’t heard him. “He’s staying at a sketchy hotel in Paris with that Novak guy.”
“How is that possible?” Castiel whispers. He’s totally in shock right now. He thought for sure they were going to win.
The patrol was close enough to them that Dean could hear the sound of their boots on the concrete of the roof. He realized that if he stood up now and shouted at them to help him because he’d been kidnapped by a raider, they’d probably help him. He could go home to Sammy and Bobby and hopefully his father too, if he ever came back from his fruitless quest for revenge. He could feel the sky above him every night and breathe in fresh air every day. His muscles tensed as he tried to make himself move or shout or wave or do
“Sorry,” Dean said, looking uncomfortable. “I should’ve told you earlier. I don’t let people touch my back, and I’m going to keep my shirt on.” He had a look on his face like he was waiting for Castiel to yell at him or something. As if this simple request would be enough to send him running.
Dean shook his head. “No, we’ll just have to make a stop at Diamond City before we go to the Combat Zone. It’s near here right?”
It was starting to get colder on Castiel’s nightly walks with his dad. He didn't mind the cold much, but today was the first day he had to pull out one of his scarves from his closet. He sat down on his bed and unlaced his shoes while he finished up the conversation he was having with his dad.
ass, and reached into the glove box. He pulled out a box of wet wipes and handed one to Dean so he could clean himself up.
“This is Larry Pike,” Larry says, his voice shaking a bit. Dean can tell he’s trying to keep himself together though.
Castiel’s heartbeat quickened at the nickname. Nobody had called him ‘Cas’ before. It was always either his full name or ‘Cassie’. He had no idea what Dean meant, so he had no idea how to reply. He stood there just looking at Dean. He wanted to be able to know his secrets as well as Dean could seemingly read his. When Dean noticed that he wasn’t going to get a reply he sighed and said, “Night, Cas,” before turning around and walking the rest of the way to the guest house.
Thankfully Jo is there to get them back on target. “They’ve both had self-defense training, correct?”
“Castiel hosts a sleepover every Friday, and I’d like you to come tonight if you don’t already have plans.” She smiled encouragingly at him.
“Where are all the street signs?” Dean asked. Without signs or any recognizable landmarks, it was going to be very difficult to figure out where they were.
“Even though Hancock doesn’t have an official uniform, it does have a pretty strict ‘no skin’ policy that we’re breaking in a major way,” Balthazar says through gritted teeth. “I’m pretty sure the faculty expects everyone to wear shirts to class.”
Dean took him by the hand and practically dragged him through the streets until they stopped at a decent looking apartment building. He pulled out a key and opened the door before pulling Castiel inside. They had to climb up to the third floor which took about ten minutes because they kept getting distracted with kissing each other. When they finally made it to Dean’s apartment, Castiel barely had a chance to take in the scant furniture before Dean was lifting him up into his arms and carrying him effortlessly into his bedroom. Fuck, he was
“Good,” Alistair says enthusiastically. “Come in, come in! I have something I wish to discuss with you.” He opens the office door further and motions for Castiel to come inside. When he’s over the threshold, Alistair closes the door. “I would like you to instruct Ofal to meet me here in my office at nine tonight.”
Sam looks sheepishly at him like he’s waiting for Dean to yell at him. Normally, he would, but he’s too glad that Sam is okay to yell. He pulls his brother into a hug. When they part, he does give him a light slap on the shoulder. “Ow,” Sam says indignantly.
“So wait,” Benny said, trying to understand. “If he gets more girls to kiss him, you have to wear his ugly snowsuit to school for a week?”
Dean and Blue spent the rest of the day packing for their trip. Blue told him that it would take two or three days to get to the Combat Zone from the factory. He said it was in the general vicinity of Diamond City, close enough for rich city dwellers to come watch the fights, but far enough away that Diamond City Security didn't bother them. Of course Dean had heard all about Diamond City from his dad as well as from the caravans they used to trade with at the farm, but he didn’t remember it much. He only lived there for few years before Sammy was born, so he only had a few memories of the place. He’d love to get a chance to see it again, but he didn’t think that was on the menu for this trip.
“I have to be getting back anyways, but I’ll come back again this weekend if you want to ride together.”
“You’re the one who asked me to come back, Gabe,” Castiel says, starting to get a bit frustrated. “Do you think I can’t do the job?”
The look on Blue’s face could only be described as terror, and that was kind of hilarious to Dean. The guy could attack and kill over ten feral ghouls without so much as breaking a sweat, but the thought of having to answer personal questions made him look like he was about to shit his pants. “Okay,” The older man said hesitantly. “But there are some things I can’t talk about.”
Castiel’s mouth dropped open. He’d only kissed one person in his life, and that hadn’t exactly gone well. Although Anna had been even more supportive about it than he’d originally thought she would be. They still hung out almost every weekend, and he really enjoyed her company. Still, he wasn’t the kind of person to back down on a bet, especially when it came from his infuriating neighbor.
“Look, I’m trying to do the right thing for you, okay?” Dean said angrily. “That’s all I’m trying to do.”
“Can I talk to you for a minute?” Dean’s voice is pinched and angry. Of course he’s angry. First Castiel goes and kisses him, taking things way past the point of ‘practicing’, then he yells at Dean to leave even though the entire thing was Cas’s fault in the first place, then he spends the next day hiding like a coward, and now he’s purposefully left him out of their costume plan that was Dean’s idea in the first place. Castiel is a horrible person, but that’s not news to anyone.
“Depends on what he does.” Dean looked up to see Crowley storming across the dance floor towards him. Gabriel was standing next to him.
Castiel had been living with Dean for two weeks the first time they had sex. They were watching TV together like they did most evenings. It was some American show about doctors. He found it really corny and stupid, but Dean loved it for some reason. It was things like this that drew him to Dean even more. He was so mysterious and withdrawn. All stoic masculinity and strength, but then he got excited by predictable soap operas, gushing over the lead actor like a teenage girl.
There were electrical poles spaced evenly alongside the road, their wires tangled and hanging down uselessly. Power hadn’t run through these lines in centuries. Some areas in the Wasteland had electricity but only through the use of generators. John had said that the old power-lines used to deliver electricity to the entire country. The world used to be so bright at night that it could be seen from outer space. Dean wasn't sure if he believed that, but regardless, the world hadn’t shined that brightly in the past two hundred years. Lights at night were a luxury, and more than that, they were a risk. Usually people only used lights at night if they had enough members of their settlement to defend themselves, otherwise they were just opening an invitation for passing raiders. Lights at night were like a sign saying, “We’re over here! Come attack us!” At the Winchester farm, they didn't have a generator, so they made do with using candles in the evening. For the most part though, they scheduled their days around the sun’s natural cycle—going to sleep once it got too dark to see and waking up when the sun rose.
“I could try to go find some medicine,” Castiel offered, though he didn't know if there were any shops still open at this time of night. “How long has your head been hurting?”
Charlie cleared her throat nervously. “Are you saying that once a month we’re going to get on all fours on our Commander’s bed… naked… and get knotted by him?” She asked hesitantly. The other omegas all looked around at each other in quiet horror as their reality fully sank in.
“Yes,” Sam replies. “People with this disorder fully believe that the objects of their obsession return their feelings. They don’t profess these feelings through words, but in small actions and glances.” Larry puts his arm around Alfie as if he’ll be able to shield his son from this person. Dean can’t blame him.
Castiel has no idea what to expect when he opens the door to the gazebo, but he doesn’t think he’d ever be able to imagine this. Sam is crying while talking on the phone to someone, and Dean is bloody, bruised, and unconscious.
He tried to think of where they should go, but that was difficult when his brain was like Swiss cheese. Then he remembered that Cas was here. He was someone who knew the old Dean intimately, who knew his habits and patterns.
“Okay, remember if anything I say sounds weird, just go with it.” Castiel decided now was as good a time as any and grabbed Dean by the elbow to jerkily drag him into the living room. “Hey guys!” he said cheerfully, and the adults turned to look at them. Castiel tightened his grasp on Dean gently and got momentarily distracted by the muscles he could feel twitching in his arm.
“That doesn’t matter,” Benny says, a bit more seriously this time. “If anyone finds out, you could end up on the wall. She’ll get sent to The Empty.”
Castiel understands why Zar doesn’t want to risk sneaking out, but he can’t lie that he’s upset his friend isn’t able to come to the party. He wishes that just this once, Balthazar would stick up to his parents. “Don’t worry, I’ll call you, ‘kay?” He knows he should’ve been more supportive, but he’s already late. He spends a few more minutes primping until he’s finally ready. By seven he’s standing by the front gate of the property, ready to greet his guests.
“I think I’ve finally found a job!” Castiel exclaimed from the couch while Dean cooked in the kitchen. It had been almost a month since he first started staying here, and he had finally landed a second interview.
“I think we should let him,” Jo repeats. “He wants to talk to him. If we play along, we could get him to reveal something.”
To say that Bobby had been skeptical when Dean returned with a full bottle of medication would be putting it mildly. Dean explained it away as dumb luck, saying that whoever was in the hospital last must’ve accidentally dropped their stash, but Bobby had a nose like a bloodhound when it came to sniffing out lies. He could tell Dean wasn’t telling the whole truth, but he didn’t press him on it. After all, what did it matter where the pills came from? All that mattered was that they didn’t have to worry about running out any time soon.
Charlie held up Hester’s ID badge, and Dean prayed the Guardian wouldn’t look too closely at it. The Guardian just nodded and opened up the door for them. He was probably a low-level guard and didn’t want to get in trouble for questioning an Aunt’s authority.
They all look towards Dean now that it’s his turn. Castiel is very curious what he’s going to say. He desperately wants to know him better, but he has to remind himself that this is purely platonic.
Mistress Abbadon was a wife, an Alpha wife. The wives of the important leaders of this fledgling nation tended to be Alphas and therefore, infertile. Each Alpha Commander got one of the prized omegas as a token of their contribution. Male omegas were in especially high demand, and he'd heard through the rumor mill that this new Alpha was very high up on the chain of command. The omega planned on using that to any advantage he could.
“It’s what Julius Caesar said when his best friend Brutus betrayed him,” Balthazar explains. “But you’re wrong, Cassie. It was
Dean laughs in response, and Castiel does his best to ignore the wave of butterflies that sound always invokes in him. He thinks back to when he’d tried to date Anna and worried that something was wrong with him since he’d never felt butterflies before. He almost wishes he could go back to that time because feeling butterflies constantly around Dean might be even worse. Especially now that he knows Dean isn’t actually gay, but that he’s been flirting with Lisa ever since the Halloween party. He found out through Kali via Gabriel that Lisa has been harboring a big crush on Dean for weeks now, and if Dean’s reaction to seeing her at his soccer game the other night is any indicator, the feelings are mutual.
Castiel quietly tip-toed up the stairs to his bedroom to keep from being heard by his parents. His mother didn't know it, but she'd just given him a deliciously devious idea on how to both get on his parents’ good side and also how to reclaim his status of alpha at Hancock. He couldn't wait to put his plan into action.
Castiel looks around to make sure they’re alone. The only other person in the house right now is Benny, and he’s probably up cleaning the Rolstons’ bedroom. “I’m an Alpha,” he says, and Dean has to keep his jaw from dropping. Now it all makes sense. Dean’s body has been reacting so strongly towards Cas because he’s an Alpha and not a beta. He wonders why Cas has been hiding that. Alphas get treated better in this society. Why would anyone want to pretend they’re a lower gender designation?
Once Pamela stepped down out of the wagon and unlatched the gate, the majority of the class sprinted towards the pumpkin patch. Dean and Benny whooped and yelled as they ran in the direction of the biggest pumpkins. Castiel didn't notice that he was still sitting in the wagon admiring Dean’s athletic legs until he saw the other three boys waiting for him on the ground. He hopped down, blushing slightly.
“I’m—" Castiel started, but Dean couldn't let him finish. He didn't want to hear Castiel say he was sorry. He didn't want his pity. He didn't want to let him off the hook for putting him through hell since the moment they met.
Dean raises his hands in defeat and is about to leave when Novak’s office phone rings. Castiel picks it up. “Hey, Jo.” Dean doesn’t want to have to leave the room and miss whatever Jo says, but he figures it would be rude to stay. He starts to leave the office and is about to close the door before Castiel says, “Wait, Dean,” and puts the phone on speaker so he can hear as well. “Is Corll cooperating with you?” Castiel asks Jo.
“You hear that Dean-o?” Gabriel asks. “Call Castiel!” Dean immediately hangs up the phone and dials Castiel’s number.
“Here’s what I think,” Gadreel leans forward and crosses his hands on top of the table between them. “Sending those agents into the warehouse didn’t make any sense. You said it yourself, I display the homicidal triad. I even came from a broken home. I’m a textbook sociopath.” He laughs maniacally. “I may have given myself up to you, but I was still holding the remote. When I had the opportunity to kill six agents and a hostage, you should’ve known I would do it, no hesitation. The release I felt when I pushed that button,” he grins. “That was too good of an opportunity to pass up.”
Dean is bursting at the seams to tell her the news about how he and Castiel are going to be modeling for Bangor’s magazine, but he thinks he’ll wait. He’s not quite ready to stop accepting Lisa’s sugary gifts.
That's good enough for him. He reaches over and flips on the siren and lights. He can see Jo start to smile out of the corner of his eyes, and if he wasn’t about to pull over a potentially armed and dangerous suspect, he’d be smiling too. She’s good!
He tries not to think about escaping that way. It’s harder on rutting day, but numbing out his brain makes it easier. His name is Ofal. He had another name
“What is going on? You’ve been on edge ever since we met up with Alfie and his body guards.” Dean can tell that Castiel doesn’t want to respond, but Dean needs him to. They need to be able to work with this family if they’re going to have any hope of finding Matt. Then it hits him. “Is this seriously about what happened at the crime scene?” Dean asks, insulted. “Do you think Alfie is crazy because he says he can feel that his brother is still alive?”
“Precisely, Mr. Novak,” Principal Richings says from the doorway to his office. “Each of your parents have been notified of your behavior, and they’ll deal with you however they see fit, but as long as you are in my school, you’ll dress like gentlemen not like Magic Mike.” He stares at each of them for a few seconds over his hooked nose. “Cover yourselves with clothes from the lost and found and get back to class.”
Castiel ignores him while he heads to the coffee maker to go grab his coffee, but then he turns around to look at Dean. It’s almost like he wants to ignore Dean, but he can’t. Dean knows the feeling. He looks back down at his unappetizing oatmeal with a small smile on his face.
sound come from his computer and recognized it as the tone he'd get when one of his friends sent him an instant message. He opened it to see it was from Balthazar.
“It looks amazing,” He smiled at her before taking a bite of one of the sandwiches. They watched the tide as it came in, and with it came a cool breeze. Castiel had always loved the cool wind that came in off the water and watched as it whipped Anna’s hair around her face. She tried to get control of her hair by grabbing onto it, but the wind kept messing it up. They both started laughing, but Castiel could tell by the slight pink tinge on Anna’s cheeks that she was embarrassed.
The Alpha nods. “Where’d you hear it?” His tone isn’t angry, but Dean can tell he isn’t going to be able to avoid answering the question.
Suddenly it all clicks. Jackson has absolutely no intention of coming out of that room. He’s not a bomber, he’s a forger. Castiel clicks on his earpiece and yells at Gabriel, “Get out of there NOW!”
“Ofal, you should come see these cookies!” Ofmarv calls from across the market. Shit, she must’ve seen him talking to Jo already. That means he doesn’t have much time.
“I’m looking for Diamond City,” Dean replied. The guard looked him up and down briefly before deciding that he must not be a threat. He pointed behind him towards a makeshift barricade that blocked most of the street except for a small walkway. There were turrets on either side of the barricade and another white arrow painted prominently on the wall, this time paired with a big white diamond. The arrow pointed towards the opening in the barricade, so Dean gave the guard a small nod of thanks and walked through the opening.
Welp, that's it! I finally finished writing this spectacular journey, and you've finally finished reading it! Thank you for walking with me through it all. Even if you weren't here from the beginning, every little thing is appreciated :)
Cas prayed that no one else had to endure the slow agony of their bone structure changing, and their flesh stitching itself together in unfamiliar ways. The only relief from that was sleep, which refused to come easily.
"Sorry, guys. The reason I said yes was because I wanted to enjoy tonight with both of you, without the tension. I was hoping you two wouldn't fight anymore, especially over me. Besides, I…" Charlie shot them a sheepish look. "I kind of have an actual date waiting for me inside."
To whoever is reading this, take your time. Loss is not something one easily gets over, however, I hope you make peace with it. I’ve found mine. Now it’s your turn.
Castiel supposed that was fair, even if it did still perplex him. He knew Dean was right about needing land, though. Neither of them would survive in this state for long.
One date turned into two, two dates turned into four, with many more unofficial meet-ups in between. Dean always brought the dark-haired male a gift, being the classic kind of guy, but Castiel loved it best when Dean brought him red roses; his favourite flower. Dean felt himself fall more and more in love with that man every day, and while Cas never explicitly tells him, Dean was his reason to smile. The two men also brought out the best, and not so best, in each other; their strengths, confidence, shyness, weaknesses, but more importantly, how profound their bond really was with each other.
“I don’t see how drinking excessively in a sub-par bar would help improve my current situation,” the angel grumbled as he buckled the seatbelt. Now it was Dean’s turn to roll his eyes.
"Almost couldn't," Cas corrected with a smirk. That earned him a light, playful slap to the arm, and they both burst into giggles.
“Just double checking our course, sir,” Castiel said, straightening up ever so slightly. “Can’t be too careful.”
“‘M alright,” the merman replied, his voice far too quiet for Castiel’s liking. “Just… tired… so tired.”
“Is there a difference? A pirate’s a pirate, a human’s a human, and you’re all full of shit and greed. We’re nothing to you.
Logic was abandoned, as well as any remaining shred of worry. There was nothing but Cas, Dean, and the water surrounding them. Laughter filled the cove. Fun filled their souls. It made Dean’s reflective eyes twinkle in the semi-darkness, and Cas felt light. Freer than ever before.
“Oh! The little fish we caught saved you? Well isn’t that charming? Now, tell me, where is your saviour now? I miss having it on my ship.”
Neither of them could contain their laughter. Shaking his head, Dean got up off his knee and embraced his love in a big, tight hug.
“Upon one summer’s morning, I carefully did stray… Down by the walls of Wapping, where I met a sailor gay…”
“Ohhhh, trust me.” Dean started the car, his grin widening at the steady rumble of the engine. “I’ll make sure it is.”
“Can I ask you something?” Dean’s question came in the form of a low, shy whisper, just as the stars were beginning to appear in the sky. Luckily by that time, Cas’ shelter was finished, which gave him time to rest.
The bolt that struck the beach nearly blinded him. Sand turned to glass. The light became far more dangerous. Deafening thunder rumbled over the whole island, absolutely battering Castiel’s huddled form. Hands over ears. Eyes squeezed shut. He didn’t even know he screamed.
Dean had to close the floodgates there, or else he would take up the whole night saying everything that he usually couldn’t. He would’ve poured out every apology in his heart, definitely, and there was nothing wrong with that, but everything else… he wasn’t ready. Somehow, he knew Cas knew that too.
It was a blur of blues and greens. Salt-stung eyes squinted against the water rushing past, then closed. Castiel buried his head in the crook of Dean’s neck, attempting to shield his face, and he felt Dean chuckle rather than heard it.
“No, you won’t be able to stay afloat.” Dean made his tone softer. “We’ll make it, don’t worry. Just trust me, ok?”
He did not get to see the ship sailing towards the cove, with the break of dawn just behind its sails.
Sam chuckled and grabbed another visitor chair, allowing enough room between where he sat and the bed, so that the nurse could carry out their routine checkup. The younger Winchester easily struck up a conversation with Cas, eventually talking about the remains of the werewolf case when the nurse left. As soon as there was a lul in the conversation and Sam looked away, Cas stole a glance at Dean, who had only been piping up with small remarks every now and then, so far. Dean, in turn, flashed him a quick smile. Castiel knew the hunter had something on his mind, but also knew that patience was key. He could wait. He would always wait for Dean. But for now, it was time to recover.
“You thanked me enough by not leaving me to drown. Like you said, I save you, you save me. We’re even. Or rather, we were. I think I owe you for the fish now.”
They took a moment to catch their breaths, foreheads pressed together, and matching smiles on their faces.
“No no no, stay, I just remembered. There was this one summer when I spent some time living by a large gathering of sea urchins…”
And with that, she flitted up the stairs, and was immediately swallowed up by the lights and music within the hall.
Ever since he bought Cas those funky pyjamas, the angel wouldn’t stop wearing them every morning. Sure, he looked cute in yellow felt with cartoon honey bees printed all over, but there’s gotta be a limit to how much you love something before you start hating it. Right?
Dean couldn't help but laugh aloud at the quiet humour. Castiel seemed to enjoy the deep, joyful sound, because when Dean looked back at the other boy, they were both smiling.
A minute went by. Somewhere in another part of town, a green-eyed man just whispered to himself “fuck it.”
Eventually, Castiel’s breathing had slowed and deepened, similar to that of someone who was asleep, though Dean knew that Cas didn’t sleep. The hunter grazed his knuckles against his cheek, feeling Cas lean into the touch.
“No, no, “Cas” is good. I actually really like it.” Castiel smiled. “Feel free to call me that instead whenever you like.” He shot Dean another wink, before finally departing. Dean was almost skipping back to his bus, Cas’ number safely tucked away in the palm of his hand. He had two wonderful kids to thank when they got back to school.
There is a mad dash on the field as a class full of 5th graders scramble to find their "buddies", other kids they were paired with to make sure no one was lost. As the pairs were counted off, their male teacher noticed one person was missing.
“No, no… in all my years, I never… It must have been all the noise we made.” Cas reached out with one hand, pretending as if he were able to touch the light, so far above him. “They’re beautiful.”
Cas studied the male's face for a while. He noted how open and relaxed Dean's facial features were, how those green eyes held the promise of safety, of no judgement. His own eyes beheld the slight tilt of Dean's head, the absence of that tiny, almost permanent smirk. For once, Dean wasn't acting.
“I know this isn’t the best book to, y’know, help someone settle down and get relaxed, but the boring texts seem to do it for me. Makes it easier to drown everything else out.”
A group of kids wanted to get shiny new library cards for the first time. While there wasn’t usually an issue with that, Castiel did make the mistake of agreeing to help them just before closing time. On top of that, Crowley had to leave early for some vague reason, so the blue-haired punk was left to complete last minute inspections.
“Do you remember me telling you about the physical change process some merfolk go through? The one I went through?”
It was more for sight than for warmth. Dean argued he could see well enough in the dark for both of them, but that ceased when Cas said he wanted to see Dean’s face as well. The merman couldn’t argue with that.
Cas couldn’t do much but nod. Current project abandoned, he stood up and made his way over to Dean, choosing to sit beside the merman. It earned him a curious sidelong glance, complete with a raised eyebrow, but Castiel ignored it.
Dean insisted on staying with Cas at the hospital until he was discharged, despite both Cas and Sam protesting that he was going to be fine. Eventually, Sam relented and went back home to the bunker, taking Baby with him (“Wow, Dean, are you sure? Are you absolutely sure?”), leaving the other two in the hospital ward. Every moment Cas was awake, Dean was by his side, only leaving the angel for food or if the bathroom called. He would only sleep when Cas slept, although there have been a few instances when Castiel had awoken to find Dean deep in slumber. In one of those instances, the hunter’s head was resting on the bed, and it had taken Cas a tremendous amount of self restraint, solely to resist the urge to run his fingers through Dean’s hair. It wasn’t the first time that urge had shown itself.
“Someone sounds grumpy,” the angel commented, his head resting on Dean's lap as they both lounged on the couch. “Don’t you like it?”
It was only a ten minute walk to the cafe, though the chill made Castiel tug his studded jacket just a little tighter around himself. The clouds overhead promised rain later on, and while the librarian didn’t mind a little wet weather, he did hope it wouldn’t happen on his walk back home.
Ah, Mondays. The bane of everyone’s week, or so says the media. Tired, sleepy souls trudging along through the beginning of another tiring week. There was only one substance in the world that could make Mondays tolerable… and Castiel, unfortunately, did not have it.
Despite Chuck’s reputation, however, Castiel found himself grateful for the man, and forever in his debt.
I also didn't want it to be a rabbit hole of negativity. I wanted Cas to fight for himself, even a little bit, because... no matter what he's done, he deserves to be there for himself.
"I think you already know him," Cas whispered back, leaning in, an open invitation on his lips that Dean was more than willing to accept-
"Sorry if I'm interrupting," he says, settling down beside me. One of his arms wraps comfortably around my shoulders, and I lean into him.
After consuming the last of the water and fish at hand, Castiel set about making a sled of sorts, in the hopes that it would make carrying items easier. He needed to make a proper waterskin sometime in the near future, as well as a weapon. Or a few. One can never be too careful.
The last of the children were trickling out of the library, some hand in hand with a parent, when one particularly cheerful boy by the name of Jack Kline approached Castiel.
There were times when he would see if there was a second chance left. Poking and prodding at fate with a foolish hope that, somehow, his call will be answered.
Cas woke up to the stars, and a familiar body up against his back. The waves continued their lullaby, often with the occasional snore added in; it made the man chuckle.
“Pity. You could have lived a little longer.” The captain stood. “You cost me a lifetime of wealth. You already knew that could never be forgiven. However, because of your years of service, Mr Novak, I will grant you a quicker death than usual. Boys… drown him, like he should have from the beginning.”
“My heart is pierced by Cupid, I disdain all glittering gold… There is nothing can console me but my jolly sailor bold.” When Cas did nothing but stare open-mouthed, Dean’s own smile faltered. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to ruin the moment.”
At first Cas was hesitant, but once the initial surprise wore off, he molded his mouth to Dean’s, eagerly kissing him back. He laced his fingers through Dean’s hair, finally feeling how surprisingly soft it is, while Dean wrapped one arm around the angel’s lower back, and the other hand placed on his waist. Their passion increased as they pulled each other closer, their kisses more heated. Dean couldn’t resist sliding a hand down Cas’ bare chest, and in return, Cas gave the hunter’s hair a small tug, satisfied with the small sound it elicited. He slipped one hand under Dean’s shirt, but was stopped from going any further, as Dean’s gentle hand wrapped around his wrist.
“No, no, I’m fine. I’m not injured. In fact…” Dean pulled away from the embrace, a triumphant grin on his face. “I’m more than fine.”
This would have been a particularly odd request, if the young librarian’s hair wasn’t styled as a bright blue, soft mohawk. Of course, any child would be fascinated with such hair, even if their parents were a little more reserved. It delighted Castiel to know his appearance was appreciated, and he had no problem with little Jack touching the vivid strand in awe.
Dean reassured him time and again that it wouldn’t become infected, even so, the healing process was a pain. Carrying more than a certain amount of weight ended up with Cas leaning against a tree trunk, sweating, panting, groaning against the sharp ache.
Cas snapped out of his melancholy trance to focus on Dean. The merman’s eyes were fixed firmly on the sky, but his voice was directed at the man.
There were several times when Dean offered to stop the change, even reverse it, in order to ease Cas’ pain. He was always met with the same answer:
"Since we're coming out of the closet anyway, I think it's time for me to announce that I am very, very gay."
Castiel had just waved off Jack and his mother, Kelly, when he heard that voice for the first time. Turning around, he found a rather handsome man standing a few feet away, casually observing the interaction that just took place.
The doors to the captain's quarters opened, and light like hellfire bathed half the deck. Gabriel emerged first, a half empty bottle of rum still in his hand, though he looked far from intoxicated. Michael followed a few paces behind, and then emerged Captain Shurley himself. Castiel dared to glance over his shoulder, and saw the same panic in himself reflected in Dean’s eyes.
Castiel frantically searched for a way out of this. In front of him were the captain, first mate, and second mate. Beside him, the guard, with the pistol still aimed high at his head. And behind him, Dean, whose chances for survival were growing slimmer by the second.
Cas couldn’t help but chuckle at the question, shaking his head at the same time. He turned to find his boyfriend trudging up the uneven path a little ways behind, hands firmly grasping the straps of his backpack. Even sweaty and exhausted, Cas couldn’t help but find his partner charming.
The angel already had a hand on the door handle, when Dean stood in front of him, hesitant, then planted a small peck on Cas’ cheek.
Castiel would have wished to remain as steady as the sea, if he didn’t know that the sea is anything but steady. There was change, constantly, both above and below.
“You think I haven’t noticed how you look at me?” The green eyed male’s voice was husky as he spoke. “You think I didn’t notice your body language? Especially since I started growing the beard? Yeah, I wanted this. Oh, I’ve wanted this for a long time. So pick me apart, Castiel. I dare you.”
Nope, this is not the last chapter, far from it, but I do have an ending in mind that's hopefully a good conclusion to all this.
Dean nodded, clearly not satisfied with the answer. He knew there were things Cas wasn’t telling him, but the merman didn’t want to push it.
“No. No, even before that night, I… Cas, I had been following your ship for a week beforehand. I would stay well below the water during the day, mostly hunting, but at night, I would be braver. I would come up to the surface and observe. Sometimes I'd catch you looking out over the edge, humming to yourself. That week saved me from a dark abyss with no light. You helped me, long before we both knew it."
"Damn right we could," Dean agreed as he pressed a kiss to Cas' cheek. "But for now, how about we stick to "boyfriends?""
No one dared to argue. The navigator rarely took command, but when he did, everyone else was quick to learn not to question him. There was a certain power that emanated from Castiel in those moments, and not even Captain Shurley could quite put his finger on what it was.
Shocked, Cas lifted his gaze, only to meet Dean's. There was a slight smile on the merman's face, which only confused Cas more.
“Right. So, our magic comes from the water, or rather, our connection to it. Take us out of the water, and we can’t use our magic. Leave us in the sun for hours like your friends did and, well…” Dean gestured to his own body. “It takes a bigger toll. We can’t do anything about it except hope we get back in the ocean.” He paused. “I never got to thank you for that, by the way.”
The station changed the song again, and this time, it was one Dean knew well. Mainly because he’s watched the movie it came from, twice. Before he could stop himself, Dean began to hum softly along to the words.
Hi! Sorry for the late chapter, I had to rewrite a chunk, then go on a small road trip. I feel like this is better than what I started with, though, so I hope you enjoy it!
The research process alone took roughly a week. His reasons for going away for so long were vague, but luckily Cas had enough trust in Dean to accept that. The merman added in a promise that he would be back, though whether successful or not, he couldn’t tell.
It was Castiel’s turn to blush, There was something about Dean’s awkward honesty that struck a positive chord within him. It was almost adorable.
What Cas didn't realise, however, is that what he was willing to give to Dean was, in fact, everything.
Great. Cautiously, as if the bag were about to explode in his face, Dean opened it and peered at the contents inside.
“Hello, Dean,” came the breathy, almost raspy reply. Dean pulled his chair closer so that he was seated right next to the hospital bed, a relieved smile on his face. Gently, he held one of Cas’s hands, and while the angel was not used to this intimate contact from the hunter, he welcomed it nonetheless.
Insert record scratch sound effect. Dean’s fingertips were about half an inch away from the bag. Sam pitching in on the “gift” could mean only two things; Dean was either gonna love it, or hate it.
“I was thinking about what I would need to survive here. Food. Shelter. Drinkable water.” He looked over to the trees beyond. “If worse comes to worse, I will have to leave the cove, and I don’t want to because… because of a number of reasons.”
“No, you recover first. It’s not even the end of the day. We need to get you back to the shore first, I don’t think you can tread water forever.”
“Novak, you’re the best cartographer and navigator a man could hope to meet. No one knows these waters better than you, you don’t need to double check.”
Somewhere in this busy town, there were two grown men absolutely beaming at their phone screens, with chick-flick-moment butterflies in their stomachs. They were also convinced that the other was as cool as a cucumber. Affectionately, these men were idiots.
“Yes,” Cas replied, working his mouth around the newly acquired fangs. “But I also had faith that this will work. My faith in your abilities never wavered.”
Sleep came late for the both of them. Not that they minded. The stars watched over them, their love, and their silent promises. When sleep did arrive, it held only pleasant dreams and rest, elements which were much needed.
Uh, I can't guarantee there won't be any more angst after this, because honestly, I make it up as I go along, BUT, I will try to make it more lighthearted in the next chapter.
“That wasn’t talking! We just said “goodnight” to each other and slept!” Cas flinched; he didn’t sleep at all last night. Dean must’ve thought the flinch was due to the raised tone, so he lowered it again. “Sorry.”
haunted me, in the sense that I only found comfort in the ghost of you, and your memory. You were my peace, Dean. My joy. When you left… I felt incomplete.”
Of course Cas said yes, but that wasn’t the only reason why Dean had been excited for this trip. There was something else he had been planning, and when deciding between a dramatic or a simple setting, Dean opted for something relatively in the middle.
Dean liften his head, letting his hand lower to the sand. Eyes locked, even with the fair bit of distance between them, the merman’s voice carried out clear as crystal. Each note was mesmerising, smooth and rough at the same time, and each word was uttered perfectly. It might have been the heat of the day, but Castiel swore the merman sang both to and for him.
“And maybe I should remind you that our debts were settled long ago. I saved you, you saved me, we are even, and have been for a long time. In fact, besides hunting, you have had no other uses for me for a long time either.” Regret slammed into Cas faster than the anger, but he kept going. “And even if I had left you on he ship, it wouldn’t have mattered if you appeared at a fish market, a witch’s den, or even presented before a fucking king, no one in their right mind would sully their presence with an abandoned freak of nature like you.”
The words slipped out of Dean’s mouth, as easy as breathing. They cause Cas to open his eyes, and for a moment, a starry ocean touches a forest of mists in an intangible embrace.
Silence filled the space between them. Castiel gave up the hope of another conversation, and instead chose to lean against the raised edge of the ship. With the salted wind filling his lungs and ruffling his hair, the navigator lulled himself into a state of peace. It came easy to him; he could always find calmness on the ocean.
Was there anger, still? No. The sting of past events had been washed away thoroughly with each passing day. Was there worry? Yes. It crept into their minds at the quiet moments, when the cove hadn’t been graced by the merman’s laughter in a while, or when anxious eyes lay staring up into the night sky. But each time they shared a smile, or held hands, or lay with arms wrapped around each other, they knew, those worries would not be fought on their own.
If you'd like, feel free to check out my other works. 99% of it are one shots, but there's a boat load of fluff in them, too.
"Because I was worried about you. I couldn't stop thinking about you. Every time I wanted to forget all the moments we spent together, they just hit me harder. I couldn't outrun you, no matter how damn hard I tried-" Dean's voice began to break, and tears formed in his eyes. "The day the storm hit, I was terrified that something had happened to you. And that moment I realised, I didn't care if I forgave you or not, I just wanted you to be safe. You… you made me happy, Cas. Happier than I'd been in years." Dean shook his head. "Why would you take that away?"
"Here!" From behind came the voice of a scrawny boy with a cap on, running towards the rest of the class. "Sorry, Mr Winchester, I was in the bathroom."
The younger Winchester brother smirked over the rim of his coffee mug, then casually strode away into the kitchen, probably to grab some of the pancakes. They were delicious, but Dean was too embarrassed and annoyed to properly acknowledge Cas’ cooking skills.
The nerdy, dark haired, blue eyed English major already suffered from keeping his impulses in check around Dean. Normally he wasn’t prone to said impulses, but something about the way Dean moved or talked made him bite the sleeves of his sweaters, heartbeat as erratic as the panic in his mind. With the addition of the facial hair, it was all made far worse.
a brutal death, pirate. Do you know what happens to a merperson when they spend too much time out of the water?”
Half the day had gone before Dean decided to leave the cave. Cas grabbed his arm at first, protesting, his eyes filled to the brim with fear. Dean cupped Castiel’s cheek, gently assuring the man that nothing would happen to him.
“Um, thank you for that,” Dean said. “I appreciate it.” The smile faded from his face. “Although, uh… it doesn’t excuse what happened last time.”
"Well… where do I start?" The blue-eyed male rubbed the back of his neck. "He's taller than me. Kind. A bit stubborn, but you get used to it. He lights up my day brighter than a thousand suns combined, and has the best laugh I've heard come out of anyone's mouth. His music taste takes some getting used to, but I can easily let that pass." A small burst of courage overtook Cas, and he gradually closed the distance between them, gazing softly into Dean's wonderful green eyes. Dean didn't lean further back, and Cas found himself grateful for that. "He's strong, both physically and mentally, though sometimes you have to convince him that he doesn't have to be. He's more complex than he would let anyone, even himself, believe. He's far more intelligent than he gives himself credit for, and understands things far more deeply than anyone would ever realise. I admit, that still catches me off guard. Not to mention, he is the most stunning man I have ever laid eyes upon… and I don't think I want to fall for another."
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispered, voice thick with emotion. “I’m so, so sorry. I wish I didn’t do that, I never, ever wanted to hurt you. Friggin’ hell, how could I be so stupid? I… I’m so sorry. And you’re right, you’re absolutely right. I almost lost you. Cas, why didn’t you tell me anything?” Dean took in a shuddering breath, one which Cas could feel against the side of his face. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
That earned him a scowl and another punch. Even after all that time, the talon marks from Raphael and Dean’s first meeting were clear as day. Merfolk wounds may close, but the marks of each unfortunate encounter will remain for life; a minor curse.
Smiling, the angel reached out with his other hand and cupped the other side of Dean’s face, brushing his thumb gently over the hunter’s full lips. Cas glanced up at Dean’s eyes, making sure once more that this was alright, before leaning in closer, ever closer…
Castiel never minded planning; it usually eased his mind. Back on the ship, he was the first to run through every possibility and the first to prepare, other than Captain Shurley. But now, as exposed as he was, planning his survival only seemed to make the human more anxious. With no drawing utensils to ease Castiel away from the anxiety, there was only one other way he knew how to cope: by singing.
“From Tower Hill to Blackwall,” Dean joined in, enjoying the stunned look on Cas’ face. “I’ll wander, weep, and moan… All for my jolly sailor, until he sails home.”
As if reading his distressing thoughts, Cas lifted his head up, and as soon as their gazes connected, there it was: paradise, hidden in those bright blue, wonderful eyes. Dean felt his breath hitch in his chest, but thankfully the angel didn’t seem to notice. Instead, Castiel began to sing along with Dean, the smooth, low notes mingling in harmony with each other.
The same melody he carried in his heart, over oceans and seas, from one wooden vessel to another, like a familiar star in the sky.
Obligatory apology for any errors (it's late, I should be asleep, but fanfiction demands a sacrifice)
Cas couldn't help but smile. Granted, his friend wasn't the best at speaking, but he understood the main message.
“You two,” the angel replied. “Sometimes I find your bickering annoying. Other times I find it hilarious.”
No, the thing that made Castiel gaze at the stars with a smile, was a feeling. Something was blooming within his chest, something slow and bright and beautiful. There wasn't a name for the feeling, not yet.
Cas chuckled and lowered his gaze, the pink on his cheeks increasing. Dean followed the direction of Cas’ eyes and saw how close they were sitting, saw their hands just a hair’s width apart from each other’s. Maybe… maybe if he just…
The two brothers and the angel had been researching for a case for about four hours now. Sam, responsibly, took breaks in between every hour, Cas stayed at the table, while Dean had lasted only an hour before going to grab snacks. Then drinks. Then dinner. Then gave up entirely.
“By my calculations, I say never,” Novak replied, and the two shared a laugh. Winchester rubbed the back of his neck again with his left hand, then stuck out his right hand.
What's done is done, though. You cannot change the past, not truly. You can only move forward carrying the greatest burden of them all: loss.
“Ha!” Dean took a victorious sip of his drink. “See? I told you I’d make it a pleasant experience.” He leaned in towards his friend. “Now how about we go see if we can make this night better by rounding up a couple of girls, hm? Decent hotel room, double beds, c’mon, what do you say?”
Castiel was the first to spring into action. Running up to the net, he pressed his fingers against one of the merman’s wounds with one hand, the other wrenching the talons off Raphael’s neck. The merman shrieked in pain, dropping the third mate in the process.
Rivlets of scarlet trickled down from wounds on the merman’s body. There were several gashes on the tail, probably from hooks trying to pull him into the net if things didn’t go as planned. There was one on a shoulder as well, and every time the merman moved, it was like he was holding back from grimacing. On top of that, Castiel glimpsed bruises already forming on the ribs. It seems like the crew hadn’t bothered to show any kindness; either you submit, or you experience more pain.
And those were just the physical features. There was a whole other mystery to who Dean was, not just what he was.
Of course, Dean wasn’t about to send him off without more food in his belly. More fish, tastier than before, and this time the two males ate together. Cas couldn’t help but glance over every now and then, watching as those sharp teeth sunk into the soft flesh so easily. Fear wasn’t something that he felt around Dean, but if there was one feature to be fearful of, it was those teeth. Why? The talons, though dangerous, were permanently visible. Those triangular teeth, however, meant hunger, danger, or death.
They both met in the middle of what Dean deemed to be a spacious enough area, the flushed cheeks from before returning with fervour. Dean decided not to get too couple-y on the first try, so he guided one of Cas’ hands to his shoulder, and another into his own hand (although, in hindsight, he didn’t know how that was any better). The rest of the song was spent teaching Cas how to do small shuffles, how to match his body’s rhythm to that of the partner. Whether that partner was Dean or someone else was deemed irrelevant, but part of the hunter whispered, hoped, even, that from now on Cas would always choose him for future dances. The hunter had learnt how to keep all his small hopes a secret, hidden behind bittersweet smiles and acceptance.
There wasn't a shred of doubt this time. Dean slipped back into the depths, leaving Cas to collect his thoughts. To say that there was nothing left wasn’t entirely true, but to have so much stripped away was heart wrenching. On top of having to start all over again, there was the fact that Cas’ old crew knew where he was now. It was possible they would come back for him, and he did not want to face a similar situation. But where would he go? There were very few places left on this world where Cas would be safe, and every day it seemed like a little more was taken.
“Exactly! And I know most people get their kicks from fantasy, or whatever, but-” the man tapped on the book cover. “Some things just get to you more than others.”
Cas didn't need to look over to know that Dean had shifted closer. The merman's voice was lower, softer now.
"Because I valued your freedom over my happiness. Because I realised I bore no future for you, other than another form of captivity. Merfolk aren't meant to be confined to a cove and a single human, especially one with nothing to give. You have a life out there, Dean. You have freedom. I never meant anything that was said or insinuated that night, not towards you. But if I wasn't as harsh, you would have never left… and I couldn't live with you staying here for my own selfish reasons."
The young English Major sat in a circle on the floor of his dorm with Charlie Bradbury, his best friend and roommate, Balthazar, his rich party animal of a cousin, Sam Winchester, law major and a good friend, and… Dean.
“Yes,” Cas replied, raising an eyebrow. “You invited me to the same room. I assumed you and I would, uh, let’s say “mingle”, along with the girls.”
“Castiel? What are you doing here?” Dean hissed. Damn it, his voice was barely audible. The sun had done a lot of damage to the rest of him, too; the sunburnt skin was a testament to that.
It was a good thing that Dean was seated behind him, otherwise, the hunter would have seen a rare blush creeping up Cas’ face.
A sore back and bruised cheek were enough to keep Castiel on his knees. Those, and the two men at his sides.
As time went on, that feeling of being pulled to a deep, dreamless slumber grew. He had to force himself to eat something beforehand, no point in waking up hungry in the middle of the night.
Cas closed his eyes and chuckled, nestling more comfortably on the hunter’s thighs. Dean couldn’t help but run his fingers through the dark, already messy hair.
Dean spent a few moments studying his lover’s face, before nodding. Cas lay back down, this time with protective arms around him. As Dean continued the story, Cas found his mind in two places.
Castiel’s love wasn’t as bold. It was gentle, constant, and unwavering. Yet even in love, he could never allow himself to be selfish.
“Exactly. You provided the means, but ultimately the final decision was mine. You’re not responsible for… whatever mistakes may happen.”
“Sorry,” Cas replied, all bright eyes and even brighter smiles. He gave Dean a small peck on the lips. “Good morning.”
“Sir,” First Mate Michael responded. “One of the crew spotted this creature off our port side. We managed to bring it in, but not without a bit of damage.”
“Try that again, and I’ll give you something uglier,” Raphael sneered. It was clear by the obvious delight that he had wanted to do that for a while.
Cas made sure to slow down for the rest of the way. He held Dean’s hand as they got closer to the summit, both as an anchor, and because he couldn’t get enough of his boyfriend, as cheesy as that sounds. Good thing he fell for someone who was into cheesy chick flick moments.
“Do you miss it?” Dean repeated, lounging in the shallow waters. “Being around people, houses, markets, all that sort of stuff? I guess what I’m asking is, do you miss home?”
They stayed in that cavern for what seemed like hours. By the time they emerged, the sun was well beyond its peak, almost ready to dip into the golden hours of the day. A beautiful contrast to the living stars they spent so much time admiring.
Luckily for Castiel, there was a small cafe just across the street from where he worked. He didn’t visit it often, just enough to know that they make the best cinnamon lattes. Perhaps he could allow himself a little treat that morning, a… reward for running out of coffee? Sure, why not?
As soon as his finger pressed on the send button, he began to worry. What if that was stupid? It probably did sound stupid. Who says that in the first text? He probably doesn’t-
“Just friends?” There was a twinkle in those green eyes; such a flirt. It was an invitation Cas couldn’t refuse.
“I sent the head of their captain as a warning. They’re leaving as we speak. Cas, I’m sorry, I know you looked up to him for a time, but-”
And so, with all of the strength that remained, Castiel lunged forward and threw himself off the edge of the ship.
It's a curse, really, having a ridiculously elongated lifespan. You remember everyone you ever cared for, everyone who ever left you. You remember those who you never got to say goodbye to, as well as the reason why they left. Yes, sometimes, I was the reason; in a lot of ways, that memory haunts me more than anything.
He recognised that face behind the cafe counter. Of course, it was hard to forget such a sharp jawline and playful grin. Judging by the way that handsome face lit up with recognition, it seemed Castiel was not so easily forgotten, either.
“Alright… promise me you’ll be here when I wake up.” Cas didn’t know what prompted him to say that, but it was too late to take it back now.
This time, the angel laughed with his entire being. He clutched his stomach, shoulders shaking as the joyous sounds escaped the angel’s mouth. Listening to that sound, watching how beautiful Cas looked because of it, made Dean’s heart melt. All his annoyance and embarrassment vanished, replaced with a tingling heat blooming in his chest.
They finally broke through the surface, and though he didn’t need to, Cas took in a deep breath. Ignoring another chuckle from the merman, he lifted his head to wipe the water from his face, and take a better look at the new environment. Much to his confusion, Cas saw nothing but darkness. Aside from the gentle lapping of water, there was nothing to be heard, either.
“There’s a whole cave system to one side of the island! An entrance to one of the smaller chambers is just out past the cove as well!”
“Ah, it’s not a big deal, really. The change was used in our earliest generations to increase, uh, breeding. Now it’s just common practice for if we’re not comfortable in the bodies we’re born with.”
The merman and the cartographer locked eyes once. Just once. But in that moment, Castiel felt a lifetime of heartache.
“Anyways, I used that magic to stop my own bleeding. I would have started healing, but then you dropped a few seconds later. There was blood coming from you. I… I panicked.” Dean looked down, then away. “Magic requires focus. It took all of mine just to keep you warm. Hell, I don’t even know how we made it this far.”
“Equals,” Dean repeated, then scoffed. “I get it. What, I was never good enough for you? Never human enough?”
Maybe they should dance more often, especially if it meant he could whisper “I love you” to Cas every time.
Castiel had gathered more fuel for the fire, inspected his own wound, and found it to be tolerable. All his soaked clothing lay on the sand, waiting for the scorching sun, while Cas himself took to warming by the orange flames.
Some of his belongings had been taken by the storm, lost due to poor security. Castiel had to remind himself that they were just things, objects he could easily replace. It wasn’t as if he had much else to do.
“Well, as my unofficial official buddy now, I suppose it’s only natural that we get to know each other better.”
Dean was stunned into silence. So many years of hating himself, sometimes of what he is, and every word from this human keeps crumbling it away. If Dean didn't know any better, he'd say humans have a magic of their own.
Dean wanted to celebrate their second anniversary together with something a little different. They had already been on several picnics, both in parks and on the beach, so that was off the list of ideas. However, both of them agreed on something outside of the bunker, as celebrating with a movie and snuggles would just be another Friday night for them.
A sudden change in direction brought them to a darkened area, and if Castiel didn’t know any better, he would have said they were inside a passage. One of his feet hit against stone, and the sudden pain prompted him to curl further into Dean.
Whatever words Dean might have uttered were stolen away, as Castiel's lips finally pressed against his own. Dean happily and openly kissed back, hands automatically going to Cas' hair, while the angel's arms found their way around his waist, pulling him closer. It was then Dean decided that words were overrated. There was no string of syllables in any language, anywhere in the world, that could have described what Dean was feeling in that moment. Simply put, kissing Castiel was heaven. Every tiny movement that Cas made radiated so much joy, comfort, belonging, and an overall sense of something finally going right, as if it were the final puzzle piece. But most of all, Castiel radiated love. Pure, sweet love, deeply felt, and even more deeply cherished.
“Scared the crap out of me, dammit,” Dean huffed, but there was no edge to his tone. More of a surprised laugh, really.
Cas sighed and closed his eyes, allowing himself to lean into Dean’s hand. Finally, he was whole again.
The next time Sam walked into the room, he found his brother lying side by side with Cas, legs intertwined and arms wrapped comfortably around each other. A tiny movement had Dean nudging Cas’ face with his nose, and it made the corners of the angel’s upturn. Sam smiled. He may be a sassy ass at times, but the younger Winchester knew that in tender moments like this, it’s best to just leave them alone in peace. He was about to quietly leave when Dean’s hushed voice stopped him in his tracks. He was obviously addressing Cas, but Sam couldn’t help eavesdropping anyway.
“Look, you work too hard as it is, anyway. You have enough equipment, food, and water… have a little fun for once!”
The rivalry peaked when prom season came around. Though neither male cared for an audience to their "promposal", they each came up with their own ways of grandly asking Charlie out to the dance. Dean had presented her with a classic bouquet of red roses at the end of the day, and while Cas couldn't deliver his promposal in person, the boy made sure that his ornate, handwritten letter made its way to her anyway. Charlie, of course, said yes to both boys… a fact that was unknown by either of them until prom night itself.
Cas couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t even see Dean properly through all the tears in his eyes, which continued to escape. Not able to keep himself standing any longer, Cas fell to his knees, hugging himself tightly as he allowed himself to release a shuddering sob. Damn what Dean thought. Damn him entirely.
“Cas.” A clawed hand gently wrapped around Castiel’s wrist, and for a moment, he didn’t know what to be shocked at more; the contact, or the shortened version of his name. Castiel’s blue eyes met Dean’s green ones. Not glowing, he realised, but brilliantly reflecting the lamp light. “I’ll be fine. I will.”
"I didn't mean it," Cas interrupted. "All the harsh words, and the façade I put up. It was just an attempt to match your attitude."
Perhaps it was magic. Cas certainly kinned it to that. But it seemed as if life became infinitely better when he had Dean by his side.
Armed with a pistol and a knife, the navigator kept to the balls of his feet, tiptoeing and sneaking and ducking when needed. Yes, it was dark, but he’d rather not take any chances.
Why him? That's the question I often wonder. Why take him, and not take me? By rights, Samandriel should be alive and well, and I should have taken his place long ago. Even in our ranks, he was just a boy, with or without a proper vessel to portray that. Ah, little brother. I wish I could take this pain from both of us.
With a wink and a grin, the handsome man who had captured Castiel’s interest was gone, leaving the young librarian with one lingering thought:
Cas had to make a fishing line, one he could leave in the water and not have to hold for hours, or even think about. Until it came time for repairs, that is.
“Mornin’, sunshine.” The hunter took a good whiff of the air. “Mmmm, smells good. What are you making?” he asked, eyeing the spatula in Cas’ hand.
They surfaced in the cavern, temporarily bathed in darkness as the tiny pinpoints of light were snuffed out. Slowly, the lights returned, and it was only when they were bathed in the glow that Cas dared to speak again.
“Oh no, we can actually alter our bodies willingly, not just in terms of growing up. The most common change is when some merfolk who were born female alter their bodies to become male, or vice versa. The transition doesn’t even have to be all the way through, it can be partial, so you have different physical traits. That is more common with merfolk who are neither male nor female, but not necessary.” Dean grinned. “Would you ever have thought that I was born a female?”
How could he? If Cas refused, he would be lying. But if he told the truth, Dean would never believe him now. Those words were meant to cut deep. So Cas kept quiet.
At one point, Cas realised that his head was actually on someone’s lap, not the leather seat. A worried voice played at the edge of his consciousness, the familiarity of it bending and wavering like every other input to his senses.
Castiel had to physically shake his head to clear away such thoughts. He could not afford them, not right now. Besides, he owed more to himself, at least.
Dean finally turned his full attention to the shy boy by his side, almost pitying the way Cas fiddled with the corsage box.
“Ah,” Mr Novak said, nodding in understanding. “Well, in that case, it wouldn’t be fair if everyone had a buddy and you didn’t.” He then turned his attention to Jo and Ash, nodding once to them. “Alright. I’ll be his buddy. Buuuuut, if he’s a bad buddy, can I tell on him?”
Castiel was still sober enough to feel mildly uncomfortable about the notion, but the fuzziness in his brain accompanied by a chuckle veiled most of it.
Gabriel and Raphael, second and third mates of the ship respectively, were both keeping a close watch on the merman, despite neither of them being on watch duty. Castiel was close enough to catch them whispering to each other, no doubt about their “prize”. Gabriel, however, was shaking his head. Whatever Raphael was saying, it was clearly trouble. Soon, the third mate broke away from the conversation, and somehow persuaded the crewmate keeping watch to take a break. Then, foolishly, Raphael stepped closer to the fishnet than was deemed safe, leaning in to whisper something to the merman.
“But I did.” There was that playful grin again, but somehow, it was lighter. More genuine. “Come on, just this one time. I promise I won’t make a habit of it.”
This is probably the fastest I've written and uploaded a chapter. You can thank the mermaid element for that, lol.
Granted, the lyrics weren’t the most soothing, but Cas wasn’t paying attention to the lyrics. It was the melody that calmed him, the same melody that was hummed to him above the crib, and as he was held in comforting arms. The same melody that soothed his aching heart, day after day, year after year.
The majority of Dean’s body was on the sand, with only the bright green tail fluke splashin in and out of the water. Some areas of his skin were more red than others, and had started to peel; an indicator of how bad his time on the sun-drenched was. The bruises were still present, but further along the healing process than before. Castiel reckoned that was a good thing, but still hated to see such ugly marks of pain on someone so beautiful.
“You know,” Dean continued slowly, licking his bottom lip. “If it’s bothering you that much, maybe you should take a break instead. Get on top of someone instead of something.”
Dean, to his amazing credit, took care of Cas every step of the way. In between each session of magic per day, the merman would continuously fuss over the kelp wrappings, food, and the state of his lover. He tried to make Cas as comfortable as possible, and was heartbroken every time the efforts weren’t enough.
A lot of progress had been made in that time. More materials had been gathered, crafted, and added to the ever growing “collection” in the cove. Waterskins, weapons, and a sturdier shelter made up the majority of it (Cas wanted to make a fishnet once, but Dean adamantly rejected it). The discovery of a few freshwater streams further inland was one of the better developments. It was further than Castiel would have liked, but the man wasn’t complaining.
Cas groaned as his senses picked up on everything at once in the strange, yet familiar environment. He tried moving his arm, getting a feel of all the IV lines attached to it, but a sharp pain in his shoulder made him hiss inwardly. Right. Injuries. Cas will have to get used to this, the process of healing slowly.
They got to the Red Rocket a few minutes later. These pre-war gas stations often still had salvageable materials scattered around if you knew where to look. Of course they'd already scavenged everything valuable from this spot when they'd checked it out a couple weeks ago. Castiel nodded at Meg to signal that it was time, and she and Ruby stood to block the alley so the other men couldn’t escape.
When she walks away Dean looks after her, perplexed. If he’d known that a late heat would prompt this kind of pleasant treatment, he would’ve delayed asking for his suppressors sooner. Of course he has no idea if he’s actually pregnant. This could become a problem.
“What are you looking at?” Dean was tired of him staring at him constantly. He treated him like shit and still had the nerve to stare at him like some part of him cared, and that was what Dean couldn't handle. It was confusing.
Castiel just shrugs and turns back towards his laptop screen. A few moments later he feels his mom rubbing soothing hands on his back. He wonders if she can sense that he’s upset. Maybe mothers have extra sensory perception for that sort of thing.
Dean gets spat out of the Empty onto the floor of the dungeon right on top of the exact spot where Castiel was stolen from him. This time instead of collapsing under the weight of grief and a bloody handprint on his shoulder, he collapses under the weight of six feet of angel being dropped unceremoniously on top of him.
Deans’ boots are water resistant, thick red socks insulating his toes from the dew drops gracing each blade of grass. He’s after the last of the apples this morning, sweet from the cold, ripe and ready for picking. This is Dean’s favorite part of the harvest, this last morning with the sweetest crop. These are his pie making apples.
The kiss is hard and wet and deep and Dean’s aching with it, shuddering when Cas nips at his lower lip. Fingers slide against the bolt of his jaw and Cas tilts his head at a new angle, deepening it until Dean feels the slick slide of his tongue against the seam of his lips, demanding entrance. Dean opens on a whimper, sucking the angel’s tongue into his mouth. Groans hot and dirty when Cas fists a hand in his hair in a tight grip.
Dean’s soul is screaming screaming screaming through the white noise in his head as black erupts from the bunker wall, sick and roiling towards his angel. A last touch, Cas’s hand blood-hot on his shoulder shoving him out of the way and all Dean can do is fall back and pray.
Once again, Dean Winchester prays to all the angels in Heaven. They don’t deserve to know, but he deserves to tell them.
Nothing happens. No thunder, no lightening, no sudden gust of wind. Nothing. Feeling foolish, Dean internally shakes his head at himself. Even trees that have grace in them aren’t sentient. Letting out a slow breath, he lifts his head and opens his eyes, and goes completely still.
Sam looks furious, making a sound of ultimate displeasure, grumbling from low in his throat “I found that note six fucking weeks ago you asshole. Six fucking weeks. I thought you were dead!” His voice breaks on the last syllable, anger giving way to thwarted grief.
It’s the work of seconds to pull two tumblers and a bottle of whiskey from the cupboards. As much as Dean wants to go back to his room and watch over the unconscious angel in his bed, his first job has always been to take care of Sammy.
He hadn’t meant to pray, had been too caught up in the fantasy to even consider that this type of longing could constitute prayer. Castiel had once told him that good things do happen, and this, this has Dean thinking that he was right about that.
It had been their first fight. Dean had bypassed the romance of the moment entirely and gone straight to panicking over the thought that Castiel some day would die. Eventually though, they’d come down to the orchard and Cas had used the last scrap of his grace to heal the carved initials into a scar on the thick trunk.
Cas grumbles a little bit, nose in his cup, carefully sipping the hot liquid, but he follows Dean outside into a puddle of sunshine on the front porch. Catlike, Cas bypasses the chairs and sits on the front steps, curling into Dean when he sits beside him, immediately closing his eyes to soak in the warmth. Dean wraps an arm around his shoulders, perches his chin on the top of Cas’s head.
Dean sucks in a sharp breath and grasps himself more firmly. In his fantasy Cas is standing behind him, teeth scraping the back of his neck as one arm curls over his chest palm landing firmly over the faded handprint on his shoulder, the other hand sliding down his chest to curl possessively over his hip.  He imagines Cas mouthing over the broad expanse of his shoulder, lips and teeth and tongue working over him in a constant tease.
The entire tree is gloriously in bloom, impossible frothy white flowers decking every little branch, the tree smells like spring. Dean had figured it would approve if it heard him, but this seems like the arboreal equivalent of a standing ovation.
Dean tilts his head and grins, green eyes sparkling “When have we ever done things how they’re supposed to be done?”
Leaning forward, Dean cups a calloused hand around his angel’s cheek, thumb running lightly over the corner of Castiel’s plush lower lip before he leans in to brush their lips together. “I love you too” he whispers.
Cas’s expression is new too, tears pouring from those blue eyes while a beatific smile graces those chapped lips. “I love you”
Dean kisses Cas sweet and slow and careful, pouring every bit of the love and devotion he feels into it until he feels his thighs start to tremble with the pressure of maintaining the awkward position he’s holding at the edge of the bed. He draws back, intending to check in and make sure that he hasn’t made a mistake, hasn’t pushed too far but Castiel makes a protesting noise deep in his throat, threading his fingers through Dean’s hair to draw him back in and Dean is lost.
Dean doesn’t know that the last words Castiel ever broadcasts over angel radio are layered over a symphony of joy and love and hope and a distinctly un-angelic air of self satisfaction.
Dean takes three jerky steps forward on unsteady legs and collapses on his knees beside the bed, body moving without his consent, thoughtless in his desperation to get close. Hands up, fingers tracing the lines of Cas’s face, sweeping over cheekbones, thumbs smoothing the wrinkle between his brows. Dean’s babbling, only half aware of what’s coming out of his mouth. “Jesus Cas, glad you’re awake. You ok? You gotta be ok man, you can’t leave me again. You can’t. Not allowed.”
A month later, John was away on another hunt and Dean found a Father’s Day card on top of the thin pillow of his bed in their motel room. That morning he pretended not to be hungry because there wasn’t enough cereal for the both of them, and Sammy needed it more than he did. Besides, he didn’t know when John was coming back, and he had to make their last ten dollars last until he did. His job has always been to take care of Sammy.
Needing to see him Dean turns, leaning back against the cool tile of the shower wall, hand slowing to a lazy glide as he makes eye contact. He drops his shoulders, rolls his hips, catches the swell of his bottom lip between his teeth as he looks at the angel through his lashes. Cas’s eyes rake down his body to where the thick head of Dean’s cock disappears into the tight grip of his fingers. Pupils blown, only a thin ring of blue visible around black, Castiel stands in front of him looking absolutely
Working a lather of woodsy smelling gel into his skin, Dean grins remembering the way they’d made up for that particular not-fight. Castiel, Angel of the Lord had held him down and – goddamn, the things he can do with his tongue.
Clutching a steaming cup of coffee in one hand and a hopeful second cup in the other, Dean backs through his bedroom door and plunks both mugs down on the small table beside the uncomfortable olive couch he’s been camped out on for the better part of two days.
So he and Cas have been talking. Talking a whole hell of a lot. They’ve spent hours hashing out old hurts, apologizing with words and lips and teeth and touch. They’d come close to having an actual fight when Castiel had been told about Jack’s new position as God, narrowly avoided by Dean’s realization that he too had hoped that the four-year-old wouldn’t be subject to the crushing responsibility of the universe.
Dean’s head snaps back, in his minds eye he sees himself dropping his head back onto Castiel’s shoulder as the angels’ lips twitch up in a filthy smile. Dean groans, fingers tightening, palm moving slow and slick, expertly working himself towards incoherency.
He’s never tried to communicate directly with grace before, but he figures it can’t be too different from praying right? Resettling his forehead against the bark, Dean conjures up an image in his head. Soft glowing white-blue flowing gently through sap and wood and leaves, perfect vitality, heaven and earth in one. Holding the image in his mind, strangely nervous, Dean holds his heart open and asks.
Castiel completely ignores him, trailing those chapped lips down Dean’s neck, mouthing across his shoulder. Dean fumbles with the buttons on Cas’s soaked shirt, white fabric translucent and thin under his unsteady fingers. He gets one button open, two, three, and there, finally Dean gets his hands on skin. Pushes his hands up under the clinging fabric to rake his blunt nails down the muscles of Cas’s back. The angel shudders against him, presses in, grinding as he bites down on Dean’s shoulder.
guilt and shame and regret coiling through Cas’s mind and he flinches, a subtle contraction of muscles that would have been missed had Dean not been watching him so closely.
Brows drawing together in a glare, Dean’s voice is wrecked when he answers “Burden me? Are you fucking kidding me right now Cas? You tell me you love me and then you just fucking die on me?”
It’s that thought that brings Dean back to earth. That’s the thought that has him stretching numbed muscles and standing on unsteady legs. He pockets his phone, not bothering to check the messages. Debates changing his jacket, decides against it. He wants a piece of Cas on him when he bends God to his will.
Dean’s gone, eyes closed and facing the wall as Castiel steps fully clothed into the shower stall, bare feet silent on the wet tiles. Unable to stop himself, uncaring of the ruin of his suit, he presses close up against the naked back in front of him, gets his hands on Dean’s hips and grinds the aching hardness trapped in his pants against his ass. Voice dropped down into the gutter he grits out “Dean, your prayers – I –“ he’s cut off by the low choked out groan that erupts from his throat when Dean grinds back against him, once, twice. “Dean.” And this time it’s a warning.
This early morning walk has two purposes. The first is to pluck the tree’s final offerings for the year, the second is to ask it’s permission. Dean isn’t going to track down Chuck, if he’s even still alive, to ask for his permission. Fuck that. Cas’s grace though? Dean figures it’s only polite to ask considering it used to be an important part of his angel. He’s pretty sure he knows what the answer will be. Castiel’s grace always did like him.
Halfway down the drive Dean finishes his coffee, savouring the last warm sip as it rolls over his tongue. Already mourning its loss, he hangs the empty mug onto the nail Cas had hammered into the seventh fence post. That nail makes Dean’s heart do something stupid every time he sees it, the corners of his eyes crinkling up as he grins.
Standing in the stillness of the dungeon with the pounding of fists on the door ringing in his ears, Dean’s expression is torn open; the visual equivalent of nails scraping over exposed nerves.
Stepping out the front door mug in hand, Dean makes sure to close it softly behind him. Even though Cas’ll be up in an hour to greet him at the door with a fresh cup of coffee to warm him up, he knows his angel would be ferociously unhappy to be woken earlier. Cas had once accused Dean of being an angry sleeper, completely failing to recognize how poorly he himself reacted to mornings. Dean loves morning-Cas. Sleep rumpled and grumpy with his hurricane hair and squinty eyes, morning Cas looks soft in his blue plaid pajamas, wrapped up in a shirt stolen from Dean.
Dean is usually sweet after they finish, cleaning them up and whispering endearments he’s never said to anyone else. This time though, his brain isn’t back online yet, he’s still riding the high of an incredible orgasm and a new way of driving Cas out of his damn mind.
Dean had always wanted to carve his initials with a plus sign and someone else’s. Cas insisted on asking the tree’s permission first, explaining that he would heal it right away and what it would mean. He said the tree didn’t really understand, but it appreciated being asked. It was ok as long as the wound was small and temporary.
The room is dim when he opens his eyes, lit only by a thin shaft of light coming in from the cracked open bedroom door. Weapons on the walls, red plaid flannel tossed on top of the dresser, crumpled blanket on one end the small couch along the wall as though someone had been sleeping there and woke in the middle of the night.
Still on his knees beside the bed, Dean’s lips drop open as he flushes, pink washing across his cheekbones and creeping down his neck. “You heard that?”
The water pressure in the bunker has always been one of Dean’s top favorite things about having a permanent home base. Drawing the curtain closed on his favourite shower stall, the one right at the end of the row tucked away in the back corner, Dean hangs his towel on the hook outside and steels himself against the momentary coolness of the chilly underground air.
Hoisting the bucket up once more he makes his way back up the gravel drive, pausing at the seventh fencepost to grab his coffee mug from the nail on the way.
Dean scrubs a hand over the back of his neck, a small smile warring with annoyance on his face. “Well shit.” He grumbles, “Kinda wanted to say it out loud the first time.”
Even in his mind, Dean’s voice is raw, half-crazed. He gives up on rational thought, tightens his grip on Castiel’s hair, sends a wordless prayer that hits the angel’s mind like elation and electricity.
Being very careful not to further damage the book, he sets it down on the little side table beside the plush leather chair he’d been sitting in and heads towards the shower room.
Cas had marched down the driveway one day to hammer it in almost violently. See, the problem was that Dean’s coffee was never quite done by the fourth fence post, but he would get sick of holding onto it and toss it to the ground by the tenth. Mug half hidden by the long grass; he would always forget to pick it up on the way back up to the house. Repeat until they were out of mugs in the house and Dean had to make a precarious walk back up the driveway with too many mugs hanging from every finger and spilling out of his arms.
“We always do” Sam says, and then, snickering “Dude you talked to a tree and it bloomed. You’re a Disney Princess.”
Annoying an ancient cosmic entity shouldn’t have worked the first time, and it definitely shouldn’t have worked twice but there is no one in this universe more stubborn that a Winchester in love.
Dean drags a palm down his chest calloused hand rough against his skin, runs a thumb over the dip of his hip, feels himself harden further. Hot water pounding on his back, Dean drags the pads of his fingers over the length of his cock, base to tip. Heat pooling low in the pit of his stomach, he makes a loose C of his fingers and strokes once, down and back up again.
He gets lost in it, the hard hungry haze of Cas’s mouth hot and insistent on his own. Dean’s got a hand around that infuriating goddamn tie, holding him close as Dean grinds his hips, desperate for friction. “Cas,” he gasps, tearing his lips away “Why aren’t you naked?”
It hadn’t been long after Jack brought Cas back from the Empty the second time that Cas had decided to become human again. Dean and Cas had only officially been together for a month at that point, they’d just gotten the keys to the farmhouse, had been sitting together on the front porch looking out at the tiny orchard, basking in the thrill of having a home of their own. I want to grow old with you Cas had said.
Worried at not having seen his brother surface for breakfast by 11 am, Sam goes to relieve Dean of his bedside vigil. Expecting to see him huddled on the couch in the corner, Sam is momentarily caught off guard by the empty puddle of blankets.
“Thanks man. No idea how we’re gonna do this considering I’m legally dead and Cas is technically Jimmy Novak, but we’ll figure it out.”
Cas hasn’t moved a single muscle, frozen in place, those big blue eyes starting into Dean like he can still see his soul. Dean opens his palm, brings up the simple circle of gold he’d picked out one day last month after asking Sam for help. “Marry me?”
Dean’s hips shoot forwards, trying to work himself against the hardness in Castiel’s pants, but he’s completely trapped against the wall, Cas’s big body unyielding against him. Dean feels like he’s going insane, the slow roll of hips against his, working their cocks together with not-quite-enough friction. His hands drop to the swell of Cas’s ass, pressing, pulling him in, trying to encourage him to go harder, faster.
in a way that the human brain can’t quite wrap itself around. His lungs don’t understand that he doesn’t need to breathe here, that he’s sucking it into him in place of the air that doesn’t exist here. He doesn’t understand that the floor he’s standing on is an illusion shaped by the limitations of human perception, doesn’t understand that the light he sees isn’t really there.
Cas blinks, surprised. Dean think he looks like a rumpled up, startled little owl and it makes his chest ache, so unbearably fucking fond. “God, you’re cute.” He says.
It doesn’t take long for Dean to fill his bucket with the last apples of the season, dropping them into the sturdy container one by one until it’s full. Before turning back up the house, he pauses and rests a hand on the rough bark of the trunk one last time, mentally projecting gratitude with all the force he can muster.
Sam curls himself onto the stool across from Dean, collapsing in on himself, suddenly looking like the scared little boy Dean remembers reassuring every time their dad left them alone for weeks on end in dingy hotel rooms with dirty coverlets and buzzing fluorescent lights. Sam’s big hands flex on the cool metal tabletop, thumb smoothing back and forth over his palm in a leftover reflex from the months he spent hallucinating Lucifer.
Dean is overtaken by cold soul-altering anger. Almost the direct opposite of the white heat of the mark of Cain, this rage settles into his heart and makes itself a home. His only outlet frantic kinetic movement and frigid promises broadcast to all of the angels left in Heaven and God himself.
Dean smiles, completely and utterly delighted with himself. Its not often Castiel, Angel of the Lord looks completely dumbfounded, but he’s managed to do it. “Cas” he says softly “I’ve loved you for years sweetheart, I will love you for the rest of my life. We’re going to get old together.”
He thinks frantically. He intends for his voice to come out level, reasonable. His vessel – no, his body – is treacherous and his voice comes out like gravel, low and filled with impossible hopes, “You could still say it out loud?”.
Cas sees it almost immediately. The tree in full bloom, green and white like ocean spray in an otherwise brown sea of dropping foliage and half bare branches. The squint comes back full force as he looks and looks and looks.
He doesn’t have the breath in his lungs to yell, but he yells anyways “Come on out you ugly sonofabitch, you go someone of mine and I want him back.”
He can hear coffee percolating in the kitchen as he shucks off his jacket and hangs the knit hat on the peg beside it. A soft beeping signals that the machine is done its work, and he smiles softly listening to the clink of a spoon against the sides of the mugs, knowing it’s Cas putting together a second cup just the way he likes.
Dean whirls around, heart in his throat, overwhelming relief flooding through him. Flat on his back in Dean’s bed, hair an absolute disaster, his angel squints up at him from the nest of blankets.
Buried in the heart of the orchard is Dean’s favorite tree. It’s not the biggest one, nor does it have the highest yield, but it does have his and Cas’s initials carved into the trunk. More importantly, this is where the last piece of Cas’s grace resides.
Cas makes the noise again, reaches down, frees himself from the soaking confines of his suit pants, gathers them together in one big hand. Gets his other hand under Deans jaw, tilts his head to make eye contact. Dean’s breathing goes ragged at the sheer
The prayer startles him, a bright spark of light the same colour as Dean’s soul.  It winds around Cas’s mind like a friendly cat, rubbing itself up against his grace, half joy and the other half barley restrained desperation.
He prays. Apologizing for getting them locked in that room, for not being smart enough, fast enough, strong enough. Eventually, whiskey-numb and overtaken by grief, doubting his ability to survive, all he has left is the simple refrain
Castiel looked up from his work - which was the unnecessary task of weaving a basket - to see Dean grinning like a little boy.
“You’re not nothing to me. And we’re not all the same, as I’m sure not all merfolk are the same.” A pause. “My name is Castiel Novak.”
There was barely anything left on the shore for him. Anything that wasn’t taken was destroyed, torn and stomped to unsalvageable pieces. For a while, Cas just sat there in the sand, unable to act or think as he held some of the remains.
Usually Cas would curse his unthinking mouth, no matter that they spoke the truth. This time, however, he didn’t mind. Judging by the way Dean smiled and shook his head, he reckoned the merman didn’t mind either. Well, hoped, more like.
Oh, Castiel was a mess. His right leg was bouncing up and down like a jackhammer, and the smile on his face hurt, but it was so worth it.
I may never stop mourning. Not for all the years I have left to live. But whatever I have done, I won’t allow it to stop me from living. I owe my new family that much, and more importantly, I owe that to myself.
“Ass.” Dean couldn’t stop smiling, even as he gently ran his talons through Cas’ hair. “I love you.”
The realisation didn’t hit Dean like a truck as he began to sing along. Not anymore. No, he had accepted the fact years ago; he owed it to himself to let go of the denial. It was another secret, another reason to smile, another reason to grieve.
Castiel could feel himself fading in and out of consciousness throughout the car ride back home. Lying on his stomach, he could feel excruciating pain flaring up in his back at every slight bump, every gravelly patch on the road, despite having something pressed against the ragged gashes. The angel’s shoulder fared no better, the entire bite area constantly throbbing with pain. Something warm, sticky, and reeking of iron coated most of his body. Blood. Not a good sign at all.
Dean’s home was the sea, not with some man. And Cas was going to make damn sure that that love would not be another cage or net around the merman.
Once Castiel had fully dressed himself, he made his way over to Dean and accepted the fish. Perfect timing, as his stomach had begun to complain.
All three leaders frowned and glanced behind themselves, but Cas wasn’t talking to them. Though the reaction was fortunate. In a split second, he disarmed the guard, aimed the pistol, and fired at the last remaining weak spot of the fishing net. Dean had no time to react as his body plummeted towards the surface of the sea.
“I don’t know,” I answer honestly. The candle flame is still there, flickering, dancing, bathing the room in half light and half shadow. It was soft, yet could be easily snuffed out, like the life that was suddenly ended on this night, all those years ago. “I know you need to sleep soon and I don’t, but could you stay with me?”
The green eyed male knew what love was, in all its forms. Fear is part of it for him, no doubt, especially with the kind of dangerous lifestyle he was living. Fear of losing your loved one, fear of endangering them, fear of becoming something they have to destroy, or vice versa. It’s all a maddening thought process that Dean hadn’t been able to get rid of… until recently.
"That's amazing," Cas replied in awe. "I've seen people get killed for that on land, but for you, it's just so seamless."
That was two hours ago. I’m writing this as he sleeps, and though I already miss his embrace, I can’t ignore the urge to put my thoughts onto paper.
“You look like one to me. But, animal, creature, hellspawn, it doesn’t matter. You’re going to bring me a fortune when I take you back to-”
Comments and kudos are very much appreciated, but even if you just read on a whim, that's appreciated as well.
“I think your heart has always suited me,” came the reply. And indeed, whenever the shell was nestled in the palm of Castiel’s hand, he knew it was meant to be.
“I don’t think I ever had a home on land. Most of my life, as you know, I’ve been on ships. But to answer your general, uh, question…” Cas tilted his head to one side. “I do miss the food sometimes. And new clothing. Some of the places I have visited were lovely. I suppose… I miss the products of people, more than the people themselves.” A small smile graced his lips. “I miss bread.”
“I, uh, haven’t had that much to drink, so I know exactly what I’m saying. I don’t think I would have minded a hotel room in the end anyway, just minus the girls and the double beds. King sized would have been enough.” Now it was Dean’s turn to wink, sending Cas’ cheeks burning. “I promised you a pleasant experience, didn’t I? The offer’s still up if you want it.”
Once Castiel had reached the deck, he could just make out the guard and fishnet, thanks to the light of a lamp. He moved flawlessly in time with the sway of the vessel beneath him, keeping any small noises to a bare minimum. The navigator swore his chest would cave in from controlling his breathing so much, but he had to do his best not to get caught. One rogue sound, and Castiel may be done for. Him and Dean.
“I missed this,” Dean said. “Stargazing with you. Sometimes I would come up above the water, just to stare at the stars for hours. They remind me of you."
Unbeknownst to Dean, the mention of the bunker as his home brought a smile to Cas’ face. If only Dean knew, home wasn’t a place. It never was.
Pain burnt its way through Cas’ body, making him double over. He could feel the warm blood trickling over skin, seeping into the cloth surrounding it. He could feel each heartbeat, louder, faster. He could hear Chuck stepping closer.
“I didn’t know you worked here,” Castiel replied, trying his best to hide the tinge of red on his cheeks. It had been two days, they had only met once, and yet, the interest never faded.
“What are you listening to?” Cas asked, referring to the slightly staticked sounds coming from Dean’s phone.
No matter how many times doubt crept into Castiel’s mind, he always managed to push it back down, thoroughly convincing himself that this was fine. It was steady. It was a lie.
The exclamation caught Castiel by surprise. He was in the middle of inspecting his clothes - which were still a little damp -  when Dean’s voice cut through the air. Unashamed of his own nakedness (enough men had seen him without clothing before), Cas looked over the merman in astonishment.
“It really is. Unless you want to carry me everywhere,” Dean replied, accompanied by a wink. It took Cas far too long to recover from that, though what “that” was, he wasn’t sure.
Time seemed to freeze as the merman just held him there, facing the entrance to the rest of the world. When Dean spoke again, his voice was softer than a feather.
“Of course. But I have to warn you, merfolk usually take a week to change fully, and the entire process is… well, kind of uncomfortable. I’m not sure how long it’ll take for you, or how, uh, uneasy you’ll feel. Stopping part way through could have its own complications, so I have to know… do you really want to do this? Is this an option you really want to pursue?”
“Yeah, it’s a bit different, isn’t it?” Somehow, Dean’s voice sounded far clearer underwater than it did in the air. “Alright, I’ll stand by with my magic in case something goes wrong, but try breathing.”
They let the final note of their conversation fade out, bringing in a new wave of content quietness. At first, Dean chose to focus his attention on their still-intertwined hands, which he noted fit perfectly together. However, something inside of the hunter compelled him to look up. He did, only to find Castiel already looking back. As soon as eyes of deep green met eyes of the brightest blue, it was as if the forests of the world met a speckled sky at the horizon. It was at that horizon that both men found a thousand words waiting for them, a thousand thoughts that either could not be spoken or fully formed. In that horizon, they found each other, whole, just as they have always done.
His stomach, however, was not. The grumbling sound made both of them chuckle, and Dean took it as a perfect opportunity to show the fish he’d hunted. Cas didn’t have the energy to start a fire to cook the animals.
Once he was close enough, a swift blow to the back of the guard’s head, using the butt of the pistol, was enough to get rid of the security. Dean’s glowing green eyes immediately fixed themselves upon the source of the sound, but once he saw it was Castiel, the merman’s expression of wariness turned into one of surprise.
“No. I was always grateful for my mother, always. She clothed me, fed me, loved me no matter what. We spent most of our lives on one ship or the other, travelling the world. Running, more like it. She taught me how to survive, how to fight, how to navigate the ocean like it was the palm of our hands.” Cas hung his head. “But she was a woman. And that meant hiding herself from lust-driven men. It meant killing to live another day, or to protect me, because no one would help her. She was branded a whore because of my absent father, and hung as a witch, because she had the audacity to take charge of her own life.” Teardrops fell from Castiel’s eyes, but they would not stop him. He raised his head to look at Dean. “Men failed my mother. This song is the last thing I have of her. Soon it will be my only memory of someone who did everything for herself, and for me. So much pain, just to see the end of the next sunrise. Men are cruel, Dean. It’s part of the reason why I hate staying on land. In the confines of a normal life, you see their ugliest sides, but at sea… they sneer at its lawlessness. They don’t see its love and freedom.” Cas tore his gaze away from the merman, instead looking out past the horizon. “This song, these waters, they are my home. They have given me more than any man, including Captain Shurley. And I would die before my life is taken by anything other than a storm or the tide.”
Despite being slowly burnt in the sun, injured, and questioned repeatedly, there were no more violent outbursts from the merman. The anger still simmered away under his skin (and scales), but too much of his energy had been drained to fight.
"Oh, radio. I thought, y’know, since Sammy’s not around, I thought I’d listen to something different.” Dean didn’t have the heart to tell him that this particular radio station only played love songs. How ironic.
“At least this can heal,” Castiel retorted. He gestured his head towards Raphael’s neck. “Unlike those.”
“Sorry,” Mr Winchester nervously chuckled out. When one of his hands were freed, he used it to scratch the back of his head. “I, uh, use the buddy system a lot in my class, and my kids are concerned that everyone has one but I don’t.”
There were other dangers to be aware of. As well as any dangerous creatures on the island (mainly snakes), there was always a chance Castiel’s old crew would come back. The possibility made him anxious, so much so that he fumbled while collecting fresh water from thick vines. He would have to go further inland to reach the freshwater springs.
“I’m going to build a fire,” Castiel explained. “Somehow. You stay right here, keep yourself awake, I’ll see to your wounds.”
At first they were too far away to cause any concern. Though the world lit up for a split second, the thunder that followed was faint. But then Castiel noticed that with each strike, the lightning came closer… and closer… and closer…
“Buddy check!” Ash announced, and suddenly, all of the kis held hands with their assigned buddies, even the 4th graders. Castiel couldn’t contain his smile, especially when his new husband grabbed his hand, held it up in the air, and shouted “I found my buddy!”
“He would have hunted us to the ends of the Earth, with no forgiveness,” Cas finished off for him. “What he was about to do to me was considered merciful.”
Dean’s challenging flame fizzled out when Cas hit him with a hard, sober stare. It was breathtaking, honestly, how far those blue diamond eyes could see into you, how much they knew, and how much they could figure out. Right then, those eyes had Dean’s soul stripped bare and pinned to the spot. For a moment, no one else was in the bar. There was no bar. Just him, Cas, and a wide ocean of possibilities all around them.
Dean’s nod didn’t lessen the ball of worry that grew in his stomach. Wet, cold, and ready to drop to the ground at any moment, he used the growing light of dawn to help gather all the dry materials he could. Luckily, there was thick vegetation just off the shore, so scavenging for items for the fire wasn’t difficult. All throughout the process of setting the tinder alight, Castiel kept glancing at the merman, making sure he was breathing, and the gills on his neck were still opening and closing.
“It was a whaling ship. They harpooned her instead of the calf they were chasing. We tried to get the whales to safety and…” Dean shook his head. “When I got back alone, my father cursed me, told me that if I was stronger I could have saved her. That… bastard had no love in his heart that wasn’t for my mother. I can’t go back home. Sam meets me as often as he can, tells me about his mate, says our father is nothing more than a shadow. I said it’s what he deserved. I was angry, Cas. I still am at so many things. At my father, at men, at myself. Hell, the first time we met, I was angry at you, as if you personally tied that net around me.”
Cas glanced over at Dean. He’d always thought of merfolk as beautiful, but seeing Dean in the dancing sunlight was something else entirely. The light illuminated his skin, and despite the burns, Castiel could see the small freckles on his face become illuminated, almost adorably so. There were gills on Dean’s neck that Castiel hadn’t noticed before; they were closed for the moment, but no doubt played their role under the water with ease and efficiency. Each talon on Dean’s hand looked like a marriage of animosity and elegance, the perfect tools to both kill and strike awe into the hearts of men. As for the tail… Castiel could have learnt all the languages in the world, and still never have been able to describe it accurately. It seemed to encompass all the shades of green in the ocean, almost glowing in its vibrancy. Cas noted that his eyes were like that, too.
Castiel’s charm, on the other hand, was subtle. His striking blue eyes would catch any newcomer’s first, before his cool, calm demeanour and intelligence took over. He wore a smile sweeter than his personality, and though no one usually likes a straight A student, his mess of raven black hair and endearing mannerisms usually won the other students over.
Little more than two weeks had passed since their first arrival on the island. Castiel knew, because he had kept a tally of every single day on the arch of the cove. It was just a matter of finding the right stone.
Dean’s mind had shut off, leaving the verbal highway clear for the words to come out of his heart. He reacted on impulse, covering Cas’ hand with his own.
“They are.” The softness - no, adoration - in Dean’s voice brought Cas’ gaze back to his friend. Though there wasn’t much to see by, there was still enough light to be reflected in those familiar green eyes.
“You may be attractive and nice, Dean, but I doubt your romantic advances are that good.” Cas drained the last of his alcohol, but over the lip of the glass, Dean could see the smirk on Castiel’s lips. Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe not, but the hunter grinned back, a challenge slowly kindling within him.
“Aw, come on, Cas. It’ll be fun! If not, you get full, free reign over next year’s plans. I promise.”
That, he did. Dean had to admit, Sam could get to him on an emotional level, but Cas… Cas saw deeper than that. It was like he knew Dean’s soul, every single thought that made him tick, every habit. The dreams, the nightmares, everything in between, Cas knew them all. The hunter finished up whatever he was cooking, but didn’t move or turn away from the counter.
And that was it. The last piece of trust had fallen into place, just enough to push Castiel over one edge of the line he was walking. He made a vow right then and there.
“Setting you free,” the navigator whispered back. He took out the knife from his belt. “Hold still.”
The difference in eyesight was almost immediate. Above water, it was the same as having peak human vision, but underneath… oh, people were missing out on something wonderful. The water, though a bit dark, was clear as crystal, and he could see further than any human could dare dream. The details on the ocean floor were astonishing, but not as much as Dean, who looked almost ethereal.
“Perhaps.” Castiel winked, and Dean swore he felt his heart stop. The former whipped out a scrap piece of paper and a pen from his pocket, and began scribbling something on it. Only when Dean received the paper did he realise what it was: Castiel’s phone number. “Seven o’ clock tomorrow, text me and I’ll text you the address. Don’t be late.”
Cas blushed. "You don't have to say anything. I know this may all seem a bit much, coming from someone who's not that noticeable."
It was as if all the air had been knocked out of him. There, trapped in a net, hissing in pain and anger and fear, was a merman.
“Maybe I should have left you to drown,” Dean muttered. White hot anger surged through Cas at those words, turning everything within him to ice, including his voice.
When things became serious, not even the kids at the school could ignore it, and soon, both men felt comfortable enough walking side by side through the playing grounds, their hands intertwined. It was on one such walk that Ash tugged at Mr Winchester’s shirt, beckoning him to lean in so he could whisper an important question that had been on the child’s mind all day. In response, Dean only winked and said “Watch this.”
“They were waiting for us the whole time. I had to wait until everyone was heading back to the ship.” Dean’s tone took a dark edge. “Let’s just say none of them made it.”
“Of course I fucking came back, Cas. Fuck, I should have been there earlier, I came back after the storm, but I thought you didn’t want to… I didn’t know how to approach you. And when those assholes arrived, I was out hunting, I didn’t-”
"Figuring yourself out can be confusing," Cas said. "And daunting. It's like you're sure of yourself, piloting your own ship one minute, and then having that ship taken away from you. Being forced to swim inna vast, directionless ocean without anything to help you float."
Dean blinked in surprise at Cas’ sudden boldness. He was speechless for a good moment, but then got his act together.
“And do you think I would have been better off living with myself, knowing I could have saved you? Dean…” Cas didn’t even feel himself reaching forward with one hand to cup Dean’s face. Not until skin met skin, and he was faced with the hunter’s stunned expression. “Surely you must realise by now, there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you. Yes, you might snap at me. You might push me away, or hurt me deeply-” Dean winced, “but I would still come back to you. Maybe not in my happiest state, but I’ll always come back. And no matter what, I will always put you before me.”
At the end of the day, all the classes were lined up to go into their respective buses, with their teachers supervising. Winchester used his trusty buddy system, as usual, and as soon as he was satisfied that all his kids were on board, he turned to joke about something to one of his colleagues, Miss Bradbury, a cheerful woman with a personality as bright as her red hair. As soon as the laughter died down, the green-eyed man felt a tiny tug on his shirt. He looked down, a welcoming smile already on his face, to find one of the more “weird” but smart kids of the class.
“I, uh, I never got to say this,” Dean started, “but I’m glad. I’m glad you know me that well. And I… I feel honoured, Cas, that I got to know you that well, too.”
Castiel fighting through internal and external struggles (and by external struggles, I mean a storm).
“There’s no point in dragging your limp body halfway across the ocean, just for you to die of dehydration and stupidity.”
Castiel supposed it was similar to watching a dog run away, tail firmly tucked between its legs. He felt a surge of pride at that; Dean did that. It only made him appreciate the merman more.
Dean did manage to take in the scenery as the hike continued. It wasn’t just the vibrant variety of greens and browns that filled him with a quiet awe; there was a deep freshness in the air as well. It filled Dean’s nose and lungs in a way that 40 odd years on the road never had. It was, for want of a better word, peaceful. Cas could sense it too. Not really anything to do with possible lingering grace, but he always had been more attuned to the moods of everyone and everything around him, especially Dean’s. Cas didn’t just feel calm, he felt happy. Happier than he had been in a long time.
That was the other thing. No matter what, Dean always felt himself a level (or few) below Cas. Whatever he did, the hunter could not match up the strength, power, divinity, and sheer beauty that was Cas. And yes, to Dean, Cas was beautiful, probably the most beautiful person, or being, he had ever come across, and not just in looks. The way the angel held himself, his willpower, his min and heart… Dean felt himself to be tainted beside that. It was almost an everyday struggle just to stand on the same ground as Cas, and not be in awe. How could Dean ever hope to match up to that?
The black-haired navigator kept pacing the deck in between tasks, restless. He found it difficult to keep his gaze away from the fishnet, and even more difficult to keep pity out of his heart. Even from a distance, Castiel could tell that each laboured breath from the merman was becoming more forced. More ragged. And the wounds… if the sun didn’t kill him, then those wounds will.
"Usually I would follow the same approach as you. Avoiding anything that reminded me of loss, or caused me pain. This was different. I wanted to forget that I couldn't see you anymore."
“Why? You could always pay me after.” Dean winked, and Cas reasoned that the sudden heat in his cheeks must be an effect of the sun. Definitely not anything to do with the merman.
It baffled Cas to no end. Though that didn’t mean he complained. If anything, he was going to make the most out of every moment with Dean.
Dean smiled. “Yeah. A little brother named Sam. Well, not so little anymore. He stays in our school’s territory, I’m more free-roaming. We meet a few times a year, if circumstances allow it.”
“Stressed?” Dean dried his hands, then leaned sideways against the nearby wall, arms crossed and signature smirk at the ready. “Why would you be stressed? Last time I checked, you were on top of your work.”
"Tell me you don't mean it," Dean begged quietly. "Lie if you have to. Just tell me what you said isn't true."
Cas was about to ask what that meant, when he noticed a small cloth sack just behind the merman. Peeking out from the sack was a piece of thin, wide kelp, sporting a blend of autumnal colours.
It was a busier day than usual when it happened. Aside from weaving, fishing, and repurposing torn clothing, Castiel had also swum for far longer. Call it childish, but he absolutely refused to take any discarded shell if it didn’t feel right, if there was no spark. It took him so long to find one, and when he did, the shape of the shell took his breath away… almost literally. Opening his mouth would have been unfortunate, as he was underwater after all. Castiel held the precious object to his chest for a second, before pocketing it.
Maybe Cas was being dramatic. Maybe it was just another new addition to life that his brain needed time to process. All Cas knew was, whenever Dean was out of sight, he could breathe easier.
Dealing with rogue angels has always been draining for the boys, but this time, Castiel’s grace is so spent that he’s almost completely human. It was a victory on the whole, but the angel wouldn’t be able to get even half his capabilities back for a long time.
Silence fell between them, broken only by the occasional wave and birdcry. Cas took the opportunity to begin on the shelter, in the hopes of finishing it before nightfall. If nothing else, then at least a cover to ward off some of the cold. The fact that he survived the first night, even with a fire, was a miracle. Dean provided more fish to ward off the hunger, but dehydration was setting in. He would have to look for fresh water, and soon. Perhaps the next day. It was a risk, delaying the search for basic needs, but with so many tasks needed to be completed, one can only do so much. Especially when carrying an injury that is still healing, albeit quickly.
Castiel just kept staring at Dean. Maybe one day he would understand this merman. Maybe he won’t. Whatever happens, he was amazed by, and grateful for, Dean.
Dean’s strength gave out before they could get close to the shoreline. Castiel felt the arms around him go limp, and for the first time that night, there was distance drifting between the two males.
“Of course. I had read about merfolk singing, how their voices led even the most cold-hearted out to sea, but I never…” Cas burst into a smile. “It was a privilege to hear that. Thank you.”
They met on a wonderful spring afternoon. Beautiful blue skies, wispy clouds, and the kind of chilly breeze you find at the tail end of rain.
Castiel’s breath caught in his chest. He tried searching Dean’s face for a sliver of a lie, but there was none. Suddenly, all the care he had been given, all times he had been allowed to see Dean at his most vulnerable… it all made sense.
Soon it evolved to Cas spending more time away from the shore, returning when the sky began to darken. The expression on Dean’s face on those evenings went from understanding, to disappointment, and possibly even hurt. Cas had to hide his own pain in the form of avoiding Dean’s eyes, but how long could he hold that up for?
Sam rolled his eyes and, thankfully, decided to a nice little brother for once. As soon as he left the room, Dean sighed again then let his head fall back against the couch. The hunter felt movement on his lap a moment later, and when he looked down, he saw Cas attempt to stifle his laughter. Keyword being “attempt”.
The newcomer cocked his head to one side, as if to better study the librarian in front of him. Not sure how it helped him ponder the question, but he seemed to have reached a conclusion nonetheless.
“I just do. If they’re smart, they’d know to stay away. If not, well…” Dean smirked. “Clearly they didn’t learn the first time.”
Sitting down on the couch, Cas decided to take the leap of faith. He may as well have a little fun with it, too.
Crowley sighed dramatically. He was a stout man, dark haired and constantly clad in black. He was also used to being sassed out by Castiel on a daily basis, despite being the younger man’s employer. In fact, sometimes Crowley encouraged it with his own quips; apparently it made the workplace more interesting.
Dean had learnt to stop insisting after that very quickly, but he could not stop the anxiousness rising within him with each passing day. Neither could he resist thinking about the worst; what if they do everything right, and still something goes wrong? What if something happens and there’s nothing they can do about it?
Nights became longer, and sleep turned into a luxury, one Cas kept chasing. But it would not be caught. Dark circles formed under the eyes, while dark clouds stormed and grew within the chest. Whatever had previously blossomed inside was battered and bruised, over and over again.
Cas laughed for the first time in… days, really. It made him wince in pain, but was completely worth it. It was lovely, how light it made him feel.
Nor was it the leather jacket, obnoxious tendency to play loud rock music, and obsessive nature when it came to the 1967 Chevrolet Impala (which Dean had proudly named Baby).
The last thing Cas heard was the frustrated yell of his former captain, before he was submerged once more; this time with a promise of life, not death.
"It's alright, no hard feelings there, bud." A pause. "I guess we're both a couple of dumbasses, huh?"
See, Dean, that insufferably handsome idiot, had prefered to be clean shaven for the entirety of the time Cas had known him. But recently, the man decided to grow a beard, just to “try it out,” and it infuriated Castiel to no end.
If blood could had the ability to freeze and burn at the same time, Castiel must have discovered that ability. Not even bothering to get fully dressed, he dashed out onto the deck, shoving past several of his crewmates along the way. The captain hadn’t appeared yet, but that didn’t matter. He just had to know-
“First of all, I’m no good around guys anyway. I mean, if one flirted with me like this, I would probably die on the spot. I- I can’t handle that kind of guy-to-guy compliment, I wouldn’t know what to do. And second of all, you flirted first by calling me handsome.”
“Asshat,” Dean mumbled as Sam’s footsteps receded. He turned his attention back to Cas, only to notice the angel’s face was bright red. “Oh. Sorry about that.”
Spending most of his time in shallow water, wrapped in the colourful but slimy kelp, was the least of Cas’ struggles. At first it was resisting the urge to scratch his skin when the gills appeared, but then came the formation of his tail.
I was intending to make this chapter a lot longer, but the more I wrote, the more I realised that this little chunk of Cas' struggle was its own separate thing.
The merman was still holding tightly onto Cas, rage still visible in his eyes as they gazed at the cavern entrance. At the sound of Castiel’s voice, however, his gaze became filled with anxiousness, worry, and relief.
It was beautiful. Even in the near-darkness, Castiel could make out the vibrant green of its scaled tail, its fins, the webbing between each talon. Teeth as sharp as knives bared themselves to the pirates, while the eyes… oh, Castiel had never seen eyes glow so much in his life. They were bold, fierce, and promised danger.
(One way of doing it is to pretend you're talking to your younger self. Give them the help you wish you had.)
“No, I’m, uh, I’m actually new here. To the whole town, I mean. Still got a few boxes to unpack, but I thought I might as well get a book to read. Y’know, help me relax.”
“You don’t have to think about the next few days,” Dean began, “or even the next hour. Just start with one thing at a time. I know, it’s ironic coming from me, but… I know what it’s like. And trust me, you do not want to take on five things at once right now.” The merman smiled, and was delighted to see it genuinely reflected back. He gestured to the object in Cas’ hands. “For a start, how about you tell me what this is?”
Dean was on his back on the cold sand, talons behind his head as he gazed up at the stars. They used to gaze together. Cas, meanwhile, stared into the orange and gold flames, half wondering why they didn’t seem so vibrant anymore. The warmth was almost mocking.
“If by swimming, you mean getting as far away as possible before something else kills me, then yes, I can swim.”
“Busy!” Dean cut in before Cas could say anything else. “Really busy! How about you take a hike for five minutes?”
“Is that so?” Chuck stepped just out of reach of the merman. Castiel realised that the thrashing had stopped, replaced by a silent, but deadly snarl. “And here I thought I would never see one again. I thought you and your kind were hunted out of existence.”
Castiel kept his head down, not daring to face Dean, as cowardly as it was for him. He let the tears fall silently, blinking them away. The silence grew between them, but just as Castiel was sure he had lost Dean forever with that confession, that beautiful, sea-gruff voice spoke again.
Men have gone mad for far less. Now that Castiel’s crew - no, his ex-crew - have had a merman in their grasp, there was no guarantee they wouldn’t keep searching. He feared for Dean.
“I see someone has a soft spot for the fish,” Chuck continued, absolutely unfazed. “I wonder… did it have a soft spot for you, too?
“Yes. Freshly baked, soft, with butter. We used to steal hot bread on occasion, but I always left something behind as a way to pay for it. It’s simple, but I’ve always loved it. I think I always will.”
Something in the merman’s expression changed. If Castiel had to put a name to the emotion shown, he would say it was surprise, but there was something else there. Something elusive.
“Not that well. Like I said, I’ve been here before. Once with my mother and once with Captain Shurley’s crew. Why do you ask?”
“Hey, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that. If you really wanna know… yes, I think you are adorable. And funny, in your own way. You’ve got a heart so big that sometimes you end up doing the wrong things for the right reasons, and while it pisses me off, it scares me even more. Because I’m afraid, every time, that it’ll be the last mistake you’ll be allowed to make, and the last time I get to see you because of it.”
Silence eventually fell over them like a comfortable blanket. Cas shifted upwards so that his head could rest on Dean’s shoulder; it didn’t take long for him to turn on his side, facing his love as Dean wrapped his arms around the man. Cas knew right then, he was home.
With each passing day, it became easier to navigate around each other. Intimacy brought shyness; blushes that rose too quickly and fell too slow, smiles that were too wide, eyes that ducked their gaze. Even with fingers intertwined, it was almost unbelievable for the both of them that they made it so far. And they did make it. What they felt for each other was no longer a caged secret, but an understanding shared between them.
“Oh.” Dean was sure his cheeks were fully flushed by now. It wasn’t that Cas made him nervous. No, not anymore, but having the angel around brought on a certain type of happiness he couldn’t deny.
The captain crossed his arms and leaned back against the wall. Though his posture was relaxed, there was something behind his eyes that calculated everything, at every moment. Castiel could feel the focus of that on himself.
“Maybe not mine, but definitely yours. Let’s see how the sun treats you, shall we?” Chuck turned to the crew. “Keep him well above the water! Make sure there is one person guarding him at all times! Tomorrow, we set sail for the bounty of a lifetime!”
Dean leaned his head back and closed his eyes. Once again, Cas found himself admiring how beautiful Dean was, despite the elephants rampaging in his stomach. The way the warm, muted light glowed against one side of Dean's face, highlighting all the freckles, like grains of sugar scattered all over. Cas loved seeing all the muscles in Dean's face ease into relaxation, making the man look peaceful, almost holy. And his tenderly exposed neck… it called to Cas, tempting him to lay a kiss on the skin-
“And does that offer of me taking you apart still stand?” Cas asked when they eventually paused for breath.
“I don’t expect you to be thankful but that was necessary. Whatever Raphael said to you was uncalled for, but killing the third mate of the ship would have been unforgivable. The captain doesn’t choose his closest in command on a whim.”
There were still some minor joys to be held on the island, some he made for himself. At the end of every week, Castiel would dive down as far as he could, collecting a single shell to keep. There were some mellow orange ones, a few vibrant purple ones, and a pair of pure white shells that reminded him of angel wings. It was a purely self indulgent ritual, to collect the beauty of the sea, though he almost stopped after finding a smooth green stone. Almost.
"Actually, for someone who wears their heart on their sleeve, you never really left my radar." Dean shoved his hands in his pocket and shrugged, trying to hide his own reddening face. "I've kinda liked you for a while, Cas. Like, liked you a lot. You're pretty cute, in more ways than one."
“And would a liar ask you,” Cas said, slowly, deliberately, “that if we were completely sober, would we still do this?”
"Maybe the difference was a reason. Maybe… maybe fighting for your own life made you better than someone who fought to spread ruin and rage. You're not heartless, Cas. In fact, I think that heart saved you from becoming a monster like them."
“Seriously? You’ve just woken up from surgery, stitches, and blood loss, and that’s the thing you’re worried about?”
“No.” Castiel crouched down on the sand, wincing at the pain that shot through his body. Right. He was stabbed. Not that it would stop him. “First thing’s first, how did you save me? Specifically, how did you stop the bleeding?”
The cold of the sea was setting in, and Castiel realised that whatever Dean had done to keep them him, it wasn’t working anymore.
Cas couldn’t help but smile back. He noticed that the merman’s sharp teeth from the night before were gone, replaced with more human-like ones. It only added more questions to the ones already piling up.
"No. Because you deserve second chances. You are worth it because of who you are, not what you are. You deserve to be saved, Dean."
Cas flashed Dean another smile before returning to the stove, flipping a pancake that was already cooking. ‘Damn,’ Dean thought. ‘Perfect timing.’ He went over to Cas and hugged the angel from behind. The angel was the perfect cuddle buddy all the time anyway, but with the pyjamas on, it’s like his cozy meter went off the charts. Dean sighed in contentment. He could hold Castiel like this forever, no problem.
Each shush of the early waves was accompanied by gentle “good morning”’s, and at the end of the day, equally gentle “good night”’s. Small kisses were passed with more ease than names, with tender touches not too far off. There was a hope in their shared stories, and in their voices. Life, it seemed, had decided to be kind. It bore a gratitude that would last for an eternity.
Once again, thank you for noticing my work. I wish you all the best with life, and if it's not doing too good, then I hope you live to see it get better <3
“I missed you too, sweetheart,” Dean mumbled into Cas’ shoulder, kissing the skin there. "Fuck, I missed you so much."
The fire was crackling, and the waves continued their shushed rhythm against the sand, but not a word was spoken between the two friends.
As soon as Castiel nodded (with much enthusiasm, I might add) Dean hooked one arm under his friend’s legs, while the other wrapped around the waist. Cas likened the hold to a groom carrying their bride after some weddings, but he quickly wiped that thought from his mind.
“They do,” Dean agreed. The two whispered as to not disturb the light too much. “Have you never seen them before?”
“I, uh, didn’t really have a speech planned,” Dean began. “But I can’t imagine my life without you, and I wanted to make it official. So, Cas-”
It had lasted for the rest of the day, night, and almost into the next morning. Castiel felt absolutely no ease at any point of the ordeal, but he made it.
The gravel of Cas’ voice roughened the melody, so much so that he debated staying silent, but he kept going.
“If I may be so bold,” the angel began, “you could never have gotten rid of me that easily. Just as I can never get rid of you. You are in my memories, and my most intimate circle, just as I am in yours. Yes, we may end up conflicting on all sorts of fronts, but I’ll always come back to you. Always. Just as I keep hoping that you will eventually return to me.”
“Just open it. It’s nothing bad, Sam and I just thought that since you bought me this wonderful gift,” Cas picked at the shoulder of his pyjama top, “perhaps we should return the favour. That’s all.”
“And then you had to go and stick your frigging neck out for me, knowing full well how bad it was. Dammit, Cas, what were you thinking?!”
Cas’ face fell into an expression of dejection. Dean was right, this conversation would be better held in the morning, when both of them were in a clear state of mind. Or, rather, clearer. No telling how well they’d feel with a mild hangover, especially if they continued to drink at the bunker. The two stood up, paid for their drinks, and exited the bar towards the Impala.
"They remind me of you, too," Cas replied. "Which was why I couldn't stargaze while you were gone. It became a… painful reminder of what I lost."
“Wow,” was all Cas managed to get out at first. Despite having seen all corners of the Earth, there were still some things that took his breath away. “Dean, this is… this is beautiful.”
Dean whipped his head up to see Cas leaning back against the door, arms crossed and posture completely relaxed. The long sleeves of his white shirt were rolled up to the elbows, and Dean couldn’t help but notice the muscle definition of his forearms. But it wasn’t the angel’s appearance that caught Dean’s attention the most. No, rather it was the fact that Castiel wore what Dean swore was the prettiest smile on the face of the Earth. It made Dean’s skin simmer red. Damn. He didn’t even hear Cas come in.
"You really think I would have been caged if I stayed? Cas, you’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me. You made me feel more free than I had been in years, and not- not in the sense that I could go everywhere in the world with you, but… you helped me out of some dark places within that I never even knew I was in. As for all the whale shit about not being able to provide anything, you have already given me so much. All the time we spent together, all you showed me, shared with me, they were
Cas, who caught Dean's eye from the moment the merman saw him, leaning over the deck of the wooden ship, staring out with longing.
He turned over to find Dean facing away from him. The subtle rise and fall of the merman’s body with each breath was calming to watch. Almost mesmerising. Castiel found himself gazing at Dean’s gills, following the natural curve down to the scales and fins. He watched them almost shimmer in some non-existent light, so much so that he didn’t register that the snoring had stopped.
The two of them clung to each other in the darkness, as if unable to let go. Dean wasn’t sure when he began to cry along with Cas, but soon, they both faded into a tired, almost numb quiet. The merman never stopped comforting Cas in one way or another, partly because the man needed it, and partly because he didn’t know what to do. When he felt Cas nuzzle into him, Dean let out a shaky, scared breath.
“I don’t know,” Cas whispered. “But as soon as I do, I will let you know. There’s something I have to… figure out, first.”
It took a lot of faith for Cas to agree and let go, but he seemed to have an abundance of it for Dean. The merman’s touch lingered for a few seconds, before he dived back through the entrance of the cavern.
“No, it’s alright, don’t take it off.” Castiel pushed himself off the door and strode towards the hunter. There was a slight tinge of pink on his cheeks, but Dean couldn’t understand what it was from. “It looks nice on you.”
That one simple question changed Dean’s perspective entirely, and it brought him hope. Maybe there was a way that Cas’ dreams didn’t have to remain just dreams.
“Cas.” Dean held Castiel’s wrist again. Without the pressure of other people or time constraints, they finally took their time to look at each other. “I’ll be fine. The water… it helps. I just need to… to rest. You should do the same.”
You are strong. You are brave. And just like Cas, you are powerful beyond reckoning, you just don't see it yet.
“None of this would have been possible without you, though. So thank you.” Cas pressed a kiss to Dean’s forehead. “I am eternally grateful.”
Dean ran his free hand over his face. In that one sliding motion, Castiel could see all remaining walls the man had kept up, and he watched them tumble down in a heap. The ghost of devastation covered Dean’s expression, and when he looked at Cas, it was as if Dean’s soul was as bare as when the angel first encountered it back in Hell.
Yes, the library was one of Cas’ happy places in town, but that didn’t exempt him from feeling tired at the end of the day.
"Does that mean we can count tonight as our first date?" Cas asked, his quiet boldness returning. Dean grinned. Saying nothing else, he took Castiel's hand and pulled him towards the hall doors. Dean didn't let go of that hand for most of the night, as they danced and laughed in each other's company.
The panic didn’t start to sink in when Cas screamed, claws raking over and tearing the flesh on his back. No, it sunk in when Dean noticed that blood was pouring out, not grace. The panic worsened when Dean realised Cas wasn’t going to get up on his own, not with those dagger-like teeth sunk into his shoulder. In a state of blinding rage and adrenaline, Dean slaughtered the creature brutally, bloodily, slashing over and over again long after it had died.. He had no time to assess the kind of scene he left. For now, all he cared about was getting Castiel out of there alive.
He looked around. No angel in sight. Dean closed the door behind him and walked up to the trench coat. He held it by the shoulders and lifted it, inspecting the clothing, its material, and just… how it looked, in general. For a sketchy style of coat, it wasn’t too bad. Not when worn by the right person.
“I don’t know, why do you want to know?” Dean responded, perhaps a bit more harshly than he meant to. He felt Cas’ shoulders slump under his fingertips, heard the dejected tone in his voice.
The former navigator had to blink the tears away, but even then, he didn’t need sight to recognise the man who had been his superior for years.
“Conversing with a young lass, who seemed to be in pain… Saying “William, when you go, I fear you’ll never return again…”
In his own way, the merman kept assuring Cas that it would be alright, that he wasn’t going anywhere. Each was capable of handling any danger, at least until help could be acquired. If not, well, the next best solution was yelling.
A cruel twist of fate indeed. The water would take his life after all, but only at the orders of men.
“Yeah. Yeah, I agree.” A sudden burst of confidence came over Dean. “Tell you what, what if we get to know each other better over dinner? I’m thinking maybe something Greek, white wine, drop you home of course… What do you say?”
"I… I heard you call out. After I left." Dean said. "But I was so mad, I didn't want to come back. Sometimes I still am mad, hell, I'm hurt."
Dean knew there was something about this human. He could feel it. But words never came by as easily as they did for Castiel, so the merman let the silence grow.
