“So what do we do now?” Sam looks over at his brother on the porch bench next to him. “There’s no hunt, no one to fight, no jobs, nothing.”
Jesse nods, “I have been hiding for too long, It’s time for me to do some good for this world.” He looked around the room, “What do you need me to do?”
“You’re-,” Dean stops as images flash through his mind. Flashing lights then a white ceiling blocked by unfamiliar faces. The beeping gets louder. He looks down at his arms and, for an instant, sees tubes and needles coming out of his skin.
“Don’t even say ‘if’. You are coming back to me, or I will drag your sorry ass outta the empty myself.”
“Chuck has been broken out of his cell by a reaper and a rogue group of angels. Have you heard anything regarding Chuck or not wanting Jack to be in power?”
“So this is it,” they stop at the old guest room. “It’s not much but the bed is fairly comfortable and there’s hot water. Bathrooms are just down that way. Kitchen is up the stairs, help yourself to anything in there. There isn’t much at the moment but we’ll make a supply run tomorrow.”
“Either way, it doesn’t work like that,” Cass adds. “We can’t just send something or someone to Purgatory or the Empty based on how we see them. They have to actually be a ‘monster’ or a divine being. The only option we have for now is to lock him up in Heaven’s prison.”
“Come on guys!” Chuck yells as they close the door to the dungeon with him chained to the floor. “You can’t just leave me in here!”
Eileen smiles and gulps back tears before beginning her vows. “Sam, I have loved you ever since you tried to use sign language with me all those years ago. Even though I thought you were a banshee, no one had ever made an effort with me before and that made me fall fast and hard. You became my family when I had none and for that, I will be forever grateful. Not to mention you brought me back to life twice so I guess I should be grateful for that too.” She laughs along with Sam. “Our son was so lucky to have you as a father. I love you, Sam.”
“When you said you lived in a bunker I expected one of those end-time bunkers, not a vacation home for billionaires.”
“We wait for them to call on me I guess. Then when they realize I no longer have the power they need, it’ll be their play.”
“It was a group of angels. They threatened to send my family to Hell if I didn’t do what they wanted. They told me I had to block some breakout from the mind of a Nephilim. It wasn’t very hard cause their jailbreaker wasn’t a huge beacon of power. They didn’t tell me who it was but when I was doing it, I could tell it was a reaper. And they blew themselves up. Blasted open the door and the dude just walked out. Then they forced me to break the connection. But ‘Chuck’ is still hidden. I heard them talking to a witch.”
“Are you sure you’re okay?” Bobby asks Cass. “If you got stabbed by this thing it could have affected more than just your vessel.”
Gabe nods. “They need him more than they need me. Besides, I’ve gotten enough chances at life. At least this time my death’ll mean something to the world.”
“Charlie’s right,” Jo says. “None of us were able to see you two get married,” Jo gestures at Sam and Eileen, “and you and Cass only recently pulled your heads out of your asses so you guys definitely haven’t gotten married yet. So when’s the double wedding?”
“Ya, they’re in Heaven. We’re all working to find Chuck. Chuck wouldn’t have been defeated in the first place without them.”
Dean pulls Cass close and closes his eyes. Ready to awaken and start the new year as the happiest he’s ever been.
“Well, I proposed after a rough hunt and asked her to retire with me. Obviously, she said yes.” Sam nudged Eileen playfully. “It was really small and informal. Just some hunters and Jodi, Donna, and the girls. Held it in a park near Jodi’s house. A few years later Eileen got pregnant and we had a son. Named him Dean.” Sam looks over at his brother who smiles and looks down at his feet.
“Cause you kinda look like one of those guys that would make his wife cook for him because he thinks it’s a woman’s job to take care of their man,” Jesse says only partially joking.
“Cass, all that matters right now is that Jack’s okay. You can let yourself relax. Take a deep breath. Have some fun. Get laid.” Dean wiggles his eyebrows.
Jesse sighs. “Just seeing Cassiel and hearing about Chuck’s time as God. I mean, they had so much power with the capacity to do so much good, and yet they only used it to look after themselves. I don’t want to be like them. It would be selfish of me to get rid of my powers when they can help so many people, like how you use yours.”
“Are these really necessary?” Lucifer holds up his restrained hands as they walk through the white halls of Heaven.
Dean jumps up, “Where have you been? We never heard anything from you in like ten years? What the hell happened to you?”
“Either way, my presence caused hundreds of innocent people to die. So I haven’t used my powers since then. And I’m not planning on using them any time in the future.”
Sam and Dean line up first, standing on either side of their parents. Dean links arms with John and Sam with Mary. Behind them stands Eileen with Lillian, dressed in a flowy white pantsuit, linked up with Cass who is being led by Gabriel. With Dean in control now, he decided if Cass was going to get married, even in a dream, Gabe should be there.
“Dean, I knew you were going to be here. I’ve seen the ways that Castiel dies. And the ways that they could come back. And it always led you to this moment to ask me for my ring, so you can become Death and save them. Whether or not Castiel stays dead doesn’t hinge on my giving you the ring, but on what you do in the Empty and whether or now he leaves with you.”
Jack smiles sadly before responding. “Come with me.” He touches Jesse on the shoulder and the two of them disappear.
It isn’t going well by the looks of it. Chuck’s army is easily overpowering Cass’ just because of sheer numbers. Chuck is nowhere to be seen though. Why would he be? He’s fucking useless. Cass is surrounded by 3 angels and 2 leviathans. Even his extra power boost isn’t cutting it at this point. He’s bleeding from his head and his coat sleeves are both ripped up and bloodied with knife cuts. Jesse and Hades are doing their best to keep Death at bay. Combined their powers are enough to keep her out of the fight and away from the angels that are the main targets in the fight. They’ve already lost one, so Chuck is already powered up to about 10%. That’s probably why they’re going after Cass so hard.
“You mean to tell me, one of you finally grew a pair and pulled your head out of your ass and no one told me! I’ve been trying to get you two idiots together for 12 fucking years and I’m the last to know about this!”
“I don’t know but if Jesse can mess with Jack's mind when he’s more powerful than we ever thought he could be. Who knows what he’s capable of.”
“I can’t tell. It’s like the scene is blurry. And Chuck doesn’t have a soul so I wouldn’t be able to sense it.”
“You were already trained and almost better than me. You didn’t need me, I needed you. To stand by my side and stand up against our father. I trusted you to follow me, to fight alongside me. But I guess you didn’t want that.”
“Well I haven’t heard anything regarding ‘Chuck”, I didn’t even know he was here but I have heard some angels expressing concern over Jack being the new God. Just with him being so young and all.”
“Of course. Edward was a kind boy. I knew him back when he was Jennifer but our church isn’t exactly friendly towards people like him. Anything you need help with, I’m here.”
“They did. They also taught me that family doesn’t end in blood and it doesn’t start there either. So you aren’t my family. My family is Cass and Sam and Dean.” He looks over at Kelly. “It’s my mom and Rowena.” He looks back at Chuck. “Eileen, Mary, John, Gabriel, Bobby, Charlie, Jodi, Donna, Ash, Ellen, Jo, Rufus.” He looks to his side. “and you Jesse.” Jesse cracks a small smile and nods. “So you see Chuck, you mean absolutely nothing to me. So don’t try that family shit with me. Because I have a family and you are not a part of it.”
“Well you already did the first one,” Sam says. “And if someone would fill me in, I could tell you whether the other one is justified.”
“He said that he was thinking of leaving the church until about two months ago when he felt a sudden burst of divine energy run through him that was more pure and loving than he has ever felt before.”
“I’m sorry, I had prayers kinda turned off while I was working on things in Heaven.” Jack looks around. “Why are we in a hospital?”
And with that, Dean decides that they have waited long enough and pulls Cass in for the kiss that has been 12 years in the making. They are both hesitant and gentle at first, still in disbelief that it’s finally happening, but eventually they fully lean into it. Wrapping their arms around each other and holding on as if at any moment they could be dragged away from each other once again. Soon it becomes desperate and messy as they realize how long they have both been waiting for this and how long they have suppressed their feelings for once another. But, now, there is no reason for them to be afraid anymore. They’re safe and finally free. Dean slips his hand under Cass’ trench coat and pulls him closer. He finally has his angel back, even if he isn’t technically an angel anymore. After a while they separate, out of breath.
“I’m Agent Halen, this is my partner Agent Hoth, we’re investigating the death of your brother, Edward.”
“Why would I do that? You’re here to lock me and Amara away, right? And Lucifer here is the only one that can do that.”
“So… that’s the plan,” Jack says awkwardly, looking around the room at all of the angels of Heaven. Everyone is looking at each other, waiting for someone to say something.
He gasps and stumbles back as Lucifer’s eyes glow a burning red, wings spreading out as the power spreads through his vessel. “Damn that feels good.”
“No idea,” Jesse responds. “But there’s no one for miles around their location so no humans should get hurt and there are no wardings on the house so we shouldn’t have any problems getting close.
“So where have you been since you got back?” Dean asks, still wondering how Jesse escaped Chuck’s mass murder.
Dean can’t help but laugh to himself watching Cass and Gabe walk together due to the height difference. But that thought is quickly pushed aside by how handsome Cass looks. His eyes almost glow in the sunlight. He quickly glances over at Sam, who is clearly unable to contain how much love he has for Eileen. He is looking at her like she’s the only person in the world. Dean has to admit, she looks absolutely gorgeous, but to him, nothing compares to Cass right now.
“Well mostly just Sam, Cass, and I,” Dean walks up to Cass and wraps his arm around his shoulders. “Eileen was dead for the first part of his life.”
“Chuck created it and then tried to destroy it because he couldn’t control the people living in it.”
“What’s your name,” Cass says walking up behind Jack with his blade drawn, followed by Sam, Dean, Eileen and Jesse.
“I’m not going to let anything bad happen Dean. We won before, we’re not going loose now” Jack says.
A guy that looks like the failed lead of an emo band turns away from a messy desk to look at Gabe, Cass, and Jack.“Loki. What are you doing here?”
Dean pulls the flask out of his pocket and hands it to Jack. He looks up at Cass before he hesitantly opens the top. A blue stream of light floats out the top and into Jack’s mouth. His eyes glow his classic orange as his wings create a shadow behind him from the light coming off his body.
“I think I got something.” Charlie says after hours of silence. Dean and Ash look up from their book and computer respectively. “It says here that gods from past religions were able to give up portions of their powers through power granting. I can’t find anything on the Christian God but maybe if we talk to a Greek or Roman god they could tell us how they do it.”
“I’ll do my best Sam.” Jack says with his classic childlike innocence. As if he didn’t just battle God himself. In reality though, Jack was just a child. He was only born three years ago.
Cass nods slowly. Sam looks at Dean, his heart breaking for his brother. Dean lets out a sigh and stands up, brushing off his pants.
“Hey want to switch places?” Sam whispers to Dean as he and Eileen enter the room, “We’ve done enough research for a lifetime.”
“Just like how it did when he was just focusing on you, without anyone dictating the average person’s life. Only this time everyone will be free from his control on the apocalyptic events of the world.”
“Dean you don’t have to say anything. I don’t expect you to reciprocate. In fact, I know you can’t. So we can just forget…”
“No,” Jack answers, “Another Angel will have to go with you. They can be your backup also. In case something happens.”
The Winchesters walk into Bobby’s house to find everyone had beat them there. Jody, Donna, Charlie, Ash, Ellen, Jo, Kevin, Ms. Tran, Rufus, Missouri, Mick, and a bunch more people that they didn’t even recognize. Eileen is standing with a younger couple and an older woman that Sam recognizes as her parents and the woman who raised her. Jesse is sitting in the back looking through a book. Before they can say anything Charlie runs up and tackles them both.
Sam chuckles.“Once he gets here, which hopefully won’t be for a while, I’m glad he’ll be able to meet the original.”
“Not helpful,” Cass mutters before turning back to the group. “We also have all the demons in Hell thanks to Rowena, and Jack is working on getting some people from Purgatory.”
“He’s gone,” Dean’s voice wavering, “He sacrificed himself. So even if our only plan is a longshot, we need to carry on fighting.”
“Ya, you’re right. I just can’t believe we’re going through this shit again. I thought Heaven was supposed to be peaceful and relaxing.”
I really wanted to include a regular hunt in this fic so I decided to use it to add in LGBTQ+ characters that didn't get killed off or become villains. Hope ya'll enjoyed it. New Years' celebration next episode!
“It’s not comprehensible to the human mind. That’s why I accidentally burned out Pamala’s eyes when we first met. Anyway, the way things work here is when you leave the ‘neighborhood’ of sorts that you have been placed in, any road you go down will take you where you want or need to go. Your fridge will always be stocked with your favorite food and drinks and anything else you need or want can be provided to you by the angel assigned to your area.”
“Is there any way for you or Jack to erase people’s memories of watching the people around them disappear?  Or just alter them?”
“Okay, we’ll talk about that later,” Dean says slowly. “Right now, how about you tell us where Chuck is so that we can lock him back up.”
“I was at my hunting cabin so I was up near Inavale. Left Sunday got back Wednesday. I guess that was yesterday.”
“Well, Dean would kill me if I let anything happen to you two.” He grabs Cass by the hand a pulls him up before heading over to Jack.
“Honestly, he’s probably dead or something,” Eileen says. “I mean he has no idea how to get a job or buy food or do anything that relates to being human.”
“Mmm really?” Cass said teasingly, wrapping his hands on the back of Dean’s neck. “What exactly was it? I could use the ego boost.”
“Ya of course. You should really come meet him. Mom and he got along really well so I’m sure you guys will too.”
“What Dean is trying to say,” Cass says, “is that our parents or our past don’t dictate who we really are. Everything you have done has stemmed from good intentions, and that’s what makes you a good person.”
“Because I know you aren’t really on his side, you’re on your own side, which means you will always choose the winning side and take the path best for you. And when we lock him away, you’ll be free.”
Sam laughs sadly. “Ya. It was pretty unexpected and it wasn’t what he deserved. But we’re all together now, so I guess it turned out okay.”
“No they weren’t. They were your creations. Beautiful, unique. If you slowed down and just watched them you would know that.”
“It’s me,” come’s Amara using Chuck’s voice. “But he’s still screaming in here. And I might not be able to stay in control for long.”
“Well you were a lot like I was. I guess we both proved everyone wrong.” They shake hands. “I hope you find your parents Jesse.”
“Are you sure this'll work?” Cass asks Charlie. “What if it just leaves him vulnerable and they just kill him out of spite?”
“Oh it’ll likely get weirder,” Sam laughs quietly. “Okay, we’ll leave you with Jack. But, um, first, Cass, you want to get his grace?”
“So if we’re gonna transfer power from Jack, we probably need to do some variation of the spell he used to take the power from Chuck in the first place. So what exactly was the spell?”
“As I said before, you don’t have a body to return to,” Cass explains. “But he’s going to be okay. We’re going to save him.”
Chuck gasps for air and falls to the ground. “Finally!” Jack pulls him up and presses him up against the wall.
“He and Cass had some catching up to do and… wait how did you know what I said? I wasn’t even facing you.”
Dean’s phone rang one last time then it was silent but Dean didn’t really notice. He had no idea how long he sat there for, it could have been days and he wouldn’t have even cared or noticed. He was too entrenched in his own thoughts and guilt to have any sense of time.
“What about it? I thought he was hit by a car?” Mr. Kilick looks down, either distraught or a good actor.
“I’m not invincible, I know that. But that’s the difference between me and Chuck. I have weaknesses, you guys. But somehow those weaknesses are what make me stronger than he ever was. So I may not be invincible but unlike Chuck, I have something to fight for and that’s why he doesn’t stand a chance.”
“Gabriel. He kinda took over as Loki for a while. He might know something about it. Or at least know someone who would.”
“You guys weren’t exactly subtle. But, as I said before, you had your heads in your asses. Hell,” Sam gestures at Dean, “you were so far in the closet that I’m surprised you don’t dress better.”
“I can just send the humans back to their homes and you guys,” Cass gestures at Garth and Benny, “are coming to Heaven, where you deserve to be.”
“Good,” Jack answered. “She said that we can use the cage to hold Chuck. I already made the necessary alterations and now I just need to take him down there but I wanted to wait for you to get back. Did you have any problems when you went to see him?”
The reaper looks at him and nods with a small smile, giving him permission to finish before he has to go. Dean nods back, this is it, but he puts that thought out of his mind.
“And thank you for finally being the one with enough balls to confess how you felt.” She shoots Dean an eye-roll.
“Pastor. He told the guy when he was 16 that he deserved the wrath of God just for coming out as trans. Maybe when God didn’t act, he did.”
“All you have ever done is create chaos. You don’t care about anyone but yourself and your entertainment.”
“You don’t deserve to be God. You didn’t create the Earth, he did. We’re just trying to set Heaven right.”
Chuck scoffs, “you are way too much like your family. They were talkers too. But not exactly the sharpest tools in the shed.”
“Well it seems like he’s been doing fine on his own, based on the information Jack gave us,” Eileen adds.
Dean finally gets what he’s always wanted. Him and his family, sitting on a beach, toes in the sand, living as normal a life as possible for 3 hunters, an ex angel and the son of Lucifer. Of course he makes Sam and Cass wear Hawaiian shirts that matched his. They pretend to hate it but on the inside they both love to see Dean so happy.
Dean reappeared in front of Sam, Jesse, Jack, Rowena and Michael. To them it had only been a second. “I got the ring,” Dean said smiling. “Now time for the actual hard part.”
“Well after that I knew that there was no way I could avoid being found, so I did the only thing that could work, I went to purgatory.”
“Please Jebediah,” Jack yells over the noise as he faces off with a group of angels. "Enough blood has been shed. It’s not too late.”
Jack starts to smile. He’s had his ups and downs with the brothers but in the end, they were a family. They only had each other.
“How are we supposed to know that when Gabriel isn’t here to confirm? It isn’t binding without a witness.”
“Well it’s kinda been a crazy ten tears and now that things have calmed down we just wanted to check in on you. Our, um, well adopted son helped us find you. Long story,” Sam rambles. “Anyway, after you disappeared we never really go the chance to look for you but ya. It’s really good to see you, Jesse.”
Jesse reappears in Hell, shortly followed by Gabe then Cass. Jesse stumbles as he tries to find his feet.
Jack nods and places his hand on Chuck’s forehead. Chuck’s eyes are wide and full of fear. “Please, I’ll do anything. I won’t ever try anything ever again. I’m sorry I was a terrible God, I-.” His eyes glow blue momentarily before they go dim once again as he slumps forward. Cass puts his hand on Jack’s shoulder and the others move closer, a mix of shock and relief on their faces. Amara looks up at them through Chuck’s eyes.
“Dammit,” Sam says breaking the peaceful silence. “We left the cooler in the car. I’ll be right back.”
“Nothing about this case is simple. I just wish we knew who the other hunter was so we could confirm what it is.”
The blows against him stop as Chuck’s eyes darken, turning towards his confused foes, “Do it now! I’ve got him but not for long.”
“No. I was still in denial when she was with us. We didn’t really get together until recently even though I’ve been in love with him for like a decade. He told me how he felt right before he sacrificed himself to save me. I was able to tell him I felt the same way once I died, came here and found out Jack brought him back.”
“Lucifer abandoned me to make his demons and I was forced to live among humanity. I didn’t use my powers, I didn’t interact with anything, I just watched.”
“Please also think over my offer. If you want to help people, that’s the best way to do it.” Jack turns to Cass. “I need to go back now.”
Jebediah scowls and turns away from them, nodding at the angels behind him. He turns back with even more anger showing. “You haven’t won. We will find a way.”
They wait until dark to strike. Not that the dark has any effect on angels or demons or anything but at night there are fewer humans wandering around the city.
Sam, Dean, Cass and Eileen sit on crappy beach towels in the sand, watching the waves on the horizon and fishing boats head in and out of the bay. Sam’s arm is around Eileen and Dean is laying with his head on Cass’ lap, Cass playing with his hair absent-mindedly while staring out on the horizon.
“There’s at least one angel that’s on Chuck’s side so there’s probably more. That mean’s Jack and in turn, the world is in danger.”
“Then do it for you. Sleep for eternity or stay awake in agony, your choice. I’m really annoying, if you send me out, I’ll just come back again and again and tell you detailed stories about my long career in porn.”
“Cass. It’s the best plan we’ve had. And it could solve two problems.” Cass looks at him with pity. “I shouldn’t be God. And I don’t want to be God.”
“You can call me Jack. I’m not really God. I just took his power to stop him from destroying the world. And hopefully, I won’t be “God” for much longer.”
“We can’t always control that. What we can control is the good we do in the world. You have done so much good, Jesse. Don’t give that up for one mistake that wasn’t your fault in the slightest.”
Claire and Kaia are over in the corner slow dancing in a similar position to Cass and Dean. They too feel comforted by the reassurance that the other is alive and well that comes from physical contact.
“We don’t know for sure. It’s entirely possible that it could rip him apart. His human soul dying and remaining here while his angelic half remains intact in his body. We could end up with another soulless Jack but this time without any human qualities or thought processes.”
“It had to be a reaper. They are a lower-level angel which means their power would be easier to hide from Jack. But they would still have enough power to blow this door off. Also, they have access to heaven without being given permission and it would make sense for the angels to use a reaper because then they would have a new Death who is on their side because no reaper has died since Lucifer killed the last Death. It’s just a theory but it’s what makes sense.”
Everyone gathers into a group and prepares to celebrate the end of an insane year and hope for a peaceful 2021. They all stare at the clock in anticipation as the second hand rounds the bottom of the clock.
Father Jackson walks out onto the porch where everyone else is sitting in silence. “I don’t think there’s much else I can do. He confessed but I don’t think he’s going to heal until he forgives himself.”
“For fuck sake Cassie,” Balthazar interjects. “You’ve saved the world like a hundred times. If anyone deserves a giant ego it’s you.”
Balthazar rolls his eyes and snaps his fingers. The pie appears in Dean’s hand. I really don’t wanna wake up Dean thinks, only partially joking.
“Well his heart was missing and no bones were broken,” Eileen explains. “Doesn’t exactly match the injuries a person would get if they were hit by a car.”
“Do-,” Bobby’s voice cracks when he attempts to finish. He takes a deep breath.  “Samuel, do you take Eileen to be your lawfully wedded wife? I’m not even going to say the rest since you’re already dead.”
The Shadow sighs heavily. “If I do this, Jack and I, we’re even, no more favors. None of them can come back to bother me. ”
Sam and Eileen started dancing together at the beginning of the song, followed by Claire and Kaia, and Jesse and Patience, who hit it off right away. Jody and Donna join in now, teasingly mimicking Jesse and Patience’s awkward slow dancing. Seeing them all, Dean smiles and wraps his arm around Cass’ waist, and moves closer, still singing along. Cass stutters as he looks at Dean instead of the lyrics, making Dean laugh and look at him smugly.
“I have forgiven him of his sins and he has been cleansed but he is so drenched in guilt that I believe that he won’t heal until he feels that he deserves to be better.”
“Um. There’s something I never told you about the night that he summoned the Empty.” Sam just looks at him slightly confused. “He, uh, told me he loved me. And I didn’t exactly say it back. So he probably doesn’t think I feel the same way and that I don’t want to see him.”
“They deserve that. When I first saw them together I thought they were a couple but no one ever mentioned it so I thought I was just reading into things.”
“Are you sure this is the only way?” Sam asks, looking over Rowena’s shoulder at a book in front of her.
“Yes but, well Atara was saying that he shouldn’t be God because he’s so young and naive but I am happy with the changes he’s made. He may be young but he’s done more for Heaven than God ever did.”
“Well Jack and I should be able to go to Heaven and expel the souls that are not placed yet, which would be the ones that God eliminated. Without God to stop us it should be pretty simple.”
Eileen looks over at Sam’s tense glare at his father and grabs his hand. “So what can we be doing in the meantime?”
Cass and Jack both smile and turn to the table. They slowly carve their newly gifted initials in: JW and CW. Their family’s mark on the bunker is finally complete. The next hunters to move in may not know who these people are, or what they did, but they don’t care. This was their home for many years, and now they will be a part of it forever.
“I was asleep for 2 weeks,” he said, “I’m good to go for a while. Besides Jack fully healed me so I’m all good to go.”
“I should probably say here,” Eileen says before they get out. “He doesn’t know me so it could freak him out.”
Jesse nods and releases Lucifer, then pulling up his sleeve to reveal the Mark, glowing brightly in the presence of its true owner. Jesse’s hand grasps Lucifer’s forearm. Without having to do anything, a glowing trail makes its way down Jesse’s arm towards Lucifer, desperate to return to its master. Jesse grits his teeth in as the Mark leaves his body.
“No, you thought what we all did, that Chuck was the problem. But maybe we’re just even more flawed than humanity is.”
Cass shoots out of his seat on Dean’s lap when a noise comes from outside. Sam, Dean, and Jack quickly follow behind him. Right when they exit onto the porch, however, they crash in to Cass who has stopped short.
After Cass is able to strike one of the angels down he is able to hold his own better. Now holding a blade in each hand, he is able to send one of the leviathans back to purgatory and then kills a second angel. Just one more of each left.
“It’s difficult, he doesn’t have a soul to sense or track, but the angel who took him, I didn’t recognize but I sensed their power then and I can sense them now. They’re still on Earth in an abandoned house just outside of Denver, Colorado.”
Cass and Eileen reach the front and stand in front of their soon-to-be husbands. Both unable to contain their smiles. Gabe pats Cass on the shoulder and gives Dean the ‘I’m watching you gesture’ before sitting next to John. Dean chuckles and gives him a thumbs up. Lilian kisses Eileen on the cheek and takes her seat next to Mary.
Sam, Dean, Cass, Jack, Eileen, John, Mary, Gabe, Bobby, Rufus, Charlie, Ash, Kevin, Jesse, and Rowena all sit at a large table covered in books. Sam, Ash, Kevin and Charlie are on their laptops.
“Most of the time angels can’t but, like I said that day, you changed me, Dean. You made me more human.”
Jesse approaches them slowly as he holds his hand out and Amara lifts theirs up in response. Amara’s eyes close as their arms interlock. The mark on their collarbone glows red as a trail burns down their arm. Jesse gasps as the trail continues onto his hand and up his wrist. He grits his teeth and stumbles back as the mark forms on his forearm.
“Jack, what the hell happened?” Cass stands. “No one but us even knew that he was here. And he’s human. Why would anyone want him?”
Before Cass can call the plan off, Gabe pulls himself forward and plunges the blade into his gut, his grace glowing through the stab wound as he collapses on top of Cass, Sam and Dean rushing forward to help Cass lay Gabe on the table.
“Want to, no. But yes. Just a moment Father.” He grabs Dean’s hand to pull him with him as he walks over to Jack and pulls out his blade. “I’m sorry Jack.” He removes his hand from Dean’s, placing it on Jack’s shoulder. Sighing and grimacing, he sliced across Jack’s throat. Dean holds out a flask and Jack’s grace streams into it. Cass runs his hand over the cut to heal it. “Are you okay Jack?”
Gabriel stumbles around the dark void yelling weakly, fighting to stay awake. “Hey!!! Yo Shadow thingy! Wake up! We need to talk.”
“The demon hate is so five years ago,” Dean jokes. “Hell, I was full demon for a while. Besides God is the son of Lucifer, that’s worse than the son of a regular demon.”
“Dean, you know what I’m talking about because, in reality, I’m you. The only real Sammy is the one whose voice is echoing in your mind, trying to bring you back to the land of the living.”
“Well if you don’t mind could you wait here until Dean gets back?” Charlie asks. “Just to answer our questions about Jack and stuff.”
“I might be able to find him. I am ‘God’ after all. He can hide his powers but I don’t think he can hide himself as a person.”
“I don’t need your help. I’ve been patiently waiting for my father to be knocked down a peg for centuries. And I’ve had a lot of time to plan for when he does. So thank you for what you have done so far but I only wanted to talk to Castiel. And now that I’ve done that it’s time for me to go.”
“I don’t know. I’ve made so many new angels and brought quite a few back from the Empty that I can’t even really keep track.”
“Let us know if you need a break or some company or anything,” Dean says standing up and pulling Cass with him.
“I went overseas. You guys don’t tend to leave America and you also cause the majority of supernatural trouble so it was much quieter over there. Didn’t see any angels until like a week ago”
Dean holds up his phone to reveal he, Cass, Sam, and Eileen had been texting instead of talking so Chuck couldn’t get any enjoyment out of it.
Before Jebediah can respond, Rowena and Kelly emerge from the other room. A group of angels behind them, followed by Chuck himself.
Dean turns to look back at Cass and gives him a wink and a smirk. Cass looks down at his feet to hide his amusement.
Chuck is still an asshole and Jack deserves a hug. Also, Cass is the best Dad ever and I love him with all my heart.
“Dean. He is at almost 40% power from the last battle and he has an angel possessing the leader of every government on the planet. If he dies, every nuke in the world goes off and everyone dies.”
“Cass,” Dean interrupts, “stop talking. I couldn’t reciprocate because you didn’t give me a chance to. You were just gone. I couldn’t even process what you had said until after. I’ve been denying how I feel since we first met because I thought angels weren’t capable of feeling that way about somebody.” Cass looks hopeful and terrified at the same time. “I love you too, Cass. I’ve always loved you.”
“Ok guys,” Michael chimes in hesitantly. “I guess I’m in, IF and only if we find this Jesse and make an actual plan to take on Chuck. Not a guns blazing, hope for the best Winchester plan.”
“One was never created. I don’t think it was intended to have a cure.” Cass leans against the wall in hopelessness.
“I’m the son of Lucifer and if I can create something this beautiful while having powers originating from the two most evil beings in the universe, that says something about what you can do.”
“Well shit… I’m gonna die.” Dean thinks right when he puts his hand on the door handle. He sighs “Fuck it, what have I got to lose”. He’s gonna go in and be as “season one Dean Winchester” as possible
“You really are way too much like your family. I think I might remove your tongue. Make things a little quieter in here.” Chuck raises his hand to Dean's face before stumbling back and grasping his head in pain.
“You wouldn’t have been a burden,” Cass says as he and Dean sit on the couch and Sam takes the lawn chair next to it.
“Not much longer. The final pieces are all falling into place. I just need to finish up some individual heavens for the angels, demons, and monsters.”
“Sam doesn’t understand. He has Eileen. He can move on from hunting and start a normal life, have a family. I can’t. I can’t just move on from Cass. He was it for me. And I can’t just keep hunting. It’s not what I want.”
“One moment,” she clicks the mouse on her computer a few times. “Ah yes. Umm, did he tell you what he was in for?”
“I can’t leave this vessel now that my powers are gone so it makes sense that both Chuck and Amara were trapped in Chuck’s vessel when Jack absorbed their power.”
“I don’t see another choice at this point,” Sam says. “He’s a monster, and killing monsters is what we do.”
“At least it’s a nice area,” Sam says as they all open their doors and look out on the mountain view.
“Where the hell are we?” Jesse asks, looking around at the bright green meadow that Jack has taken them to.
“That’s a lovely thing to tell a 16-year-old,” Sam grumbles. “Look asshat you got an alibi for Monday, December 28th from 4 PM to 8 PM?”
Cass shakes his head. “I’m just tired of losing everyone. I thought, when you brought me back, that this was over. That we could get back to our true purpose and that everything was going to be okay, was going to be better. But we can’t escape this, it’s just how things are and will always be.”
“No, you’re not. And I’m not either.” Dean doesn’t respond. “Let’s go get Eileen and she can be the deciding vote.”
Before Jack can disappear Dean speaks up. “Hey before you go, could you help me out with something.”
Dean looks up slowly to see the man he just married, an inch away from him, tears trailing down his face. “Dean. I-.”
“Me neither. Too long having denied, well, everything. I think it’s always going to feel like some sort of alcohol-induced dream.”
They had never seen Jack so excited as when they first arrived at the beach. He was finally able to be a kid and act like the three-year-old he really was. The minute they arrived Jack had run into the water with the dog that Sam and Eileen had adopted and named Miracle*.
Sam laughs. “The movie had a good point though. No matter how much Chuck manipulates things, he can’t control everything. And he is done controlling us. We will win this, because we will make it happen. Then we will get our family back and live our lives how we were meant to. Free and together.”
“I burned off my soul fighting the Archangel Michael and I pretty much lost all my morality. So I killed her when she made me angry. That’s pretty unforgivable, don’t ya think?”
Cass sighs and meets Jesse’s eyes. “I’m sorry you got dragged into this. You didn’t deserve to deal with this bullshit back then and you definitely don’t deserve it now. I wish you could have just been a normal kid.”
Jack nods. “She said if we can get the prison that she was trapped in open, she can get them both in.”
“I have God and the Darkness in a cage. I have the leaders of Heaven and Hell on speed dial. If you release Cass, you can go back to sleep.”
“We’re going to figure this out Cass,” Dean says placing his hand on Cass’ shoulder. “I promise. He’s going to be okay.”
“While you were dying and in the coma, did you have any hyper-realistic dreams that you didn’t even know were fake?”
Jack, on the other hand, was not in a vessel and was still covered in blood. “I’m fine.” He says weakly.
Dean cuts him off. “Hey hey hey. It’s all going to be alright.” He puts his hand on Cass’. “He’s gonna be fine. I promise.”
“What are you talking about? Of course he wants out. He doesn’t want to stay in that prison for the rest of eternity.”
“I’ll come with you.” Dean groans as he sits up from Cass’ lap, giving him a quick kiss before he fully stands up.
“Like you were any better. Umm killing you was pretty much my last order from Heaven that I tried to follow. After that I tried to fix things but made them worse then more shit went down.”
Tears stream down Cass’ face. “Jack,” he sobs. “You do not deserve this. You know why? Because you are good. We all have done bad things but it doesn’t make us bad. It doesn’t make us ‘sinners’. It makes us human. Even if the two of us aren’t actually human our mistakes make us more and more human with every single screw-up. They make us closer to the people we love because they forgive us and love us no matter what we do. So don’t you dare say that you deserve this because if you deserve it then we all do. Everyone in the entire universe.”
“Heaven isn’t the same anymore. There is no leadership anymore, and we aren’t planning on having one again. No more God.”
“Oh, we definitely are,” Cass smirks. “I mean I tried to consume Leviathans and you used your powers to get into porn.”
“What are you walking about? We can’t just give up! That’s not who we are. If we go out we go out swinging remember?”
“I should have come back. If I had Dean wouldn’t have died. Sam wouldn’t have had to go through the rest of his life without his brother.”
“I created this heaven for a couple that was together for 68 years. They died within 2 weeks of each other.”
Dean wakes up the next day on the floor of his bedroom. He has no idea how he got there but he knows he’s hungover as hell. Unwanted emotions start flooding back into his mind so, of course, he takes another gulp from the whiskey bottle that’s on the floor next to him to push them back down.
“Okay, how about you fill us in on everything you know about Cassiel. Start from how you guys know each other and what you meant with the ‘having their grace’ thing.”
“I know. He can never take this away.” Dean says pulling Cass closer to him. “Even if he did manipulate some things, he didn’t make me fall in love with you. That was all your doing.”
“Technically yes but we would have to do a spell and they probably have the area warded against magic. Plus by the time we get the ingredients together, Jack’ll probably be back.”
“Yes. I was never able to have children myself so I enjoyed mentoring the young kids in our community.”
“Her own for the most part. But she doesn’t want to see the Earth destroyed so she could be helpful.”
“Well, long story short, they won, temporarily. The battle went down like 40 years ago. Jack took Dad’s powers and ‘God’ became human. Then Jack fixed Heaven, Dean died on a hunt and Sam lived out his life then went to heaven, Dean banged Cass, finally, Chuck died and was put in Heaven’s jail, then he was broken out by a rogue group of angels and reapers, he got an army together and took back a portion of his power, that’s a long story for another time. Now Amara is fighting him for control of the vessel and we have a shot of locking them both away with Amara’s help. The only problem is that we thought that the Mark was the only thing we need, but it’s not, it’s just the key, and, sadly, you’re the lock. If we’re going to open the cage on Earth, we need both you and the Mark, together.”
Dean, Cass, Sam, and Eileen sit in the hospital cafeteria eating shitty food. Dean is free to go once the doctors get the results back from the final test. They say Dean is lucky to be alive, let alone be able to walk. The nail was millimeters away from severing his spinal cord, which would have meant lifelong paralysis.
“No, it's not. It’s a copout. An easy ending to your favorite show. But it’s not just a show that you 'canceled', you are destroying innocent lives. And I can’t let you go through with it.”
The wind is blowing people’s belongings out of their hands they run through the streets. It’s just like he remembers it was. The same panicked atmosphere with a darkness looming over the city from the presence of Death with a capital “D”.
“Chuck is contained. And I’m not going to let you ruin things for me again, Castiel.” They drop their blade into their hand
Sam burst into the bunker, followed by Jack. Both unable to contain their panic. “Dean! Cass! Dean! Are you here? Where are you?”. Dean remained silent. He didn’t even notice Sam and Jack’s arrival. Eventually Dean was found, sitting against the same wall that Cass through him against, face covered in dried tears.
“I dunno, maybe I’ll go back to law school. That way I can keep helping people, just in a different way. All I know is that I am done with any job that involves the supernatural.”
“Not my choice. They threatened to send my family to hell. Do I have to repeat everything I already told to them?” Jesse gestures to Cass and Jack.
“Ya, she’s running Hell like a well-oiled machine. She’s definitely fit for queen, that’s for sure. She wants you two to visit her at some point. She says congrats on finally getting together by the way.”
Dean looks up at Bobby and smiles. “Thanks, Bobby,” he then gets up and starts walking off the dock.
“So what if you become Death? Michael can send you back in time, you can get the ring from the original death, he can bring you back to this time, then you can put on the ring, retrieve Cass from the empty, then return the ring back to the past so the timeline remains in tact.”
With a whooshing sound, he is gone and Cass collapses back onto the couch. “What if they kill him? What if this was the wrong thing to do? We never should have let him get rid of his powers. It just made him vulnerable. If anything…”
Martin’s face gets darker. “How dare you.” He raises his knife up, about to stab Micah. Eileen takes advantage of his movement to take a well-aimed shot. The bullet hits him in the shoulder, forcing him to drop the knife and stumble to the side, away from Micah.
“Nothing good. It was created to inflict a slow and painful death on any human that tried to get into the garden as punishment for their sins. The greater their sins, the longer and slow their suffering.”
“Stubborn idiots.” She laughs and smiles at Sam. “So what about you honey. Did you get to settle down?”
Dean shoots out of his seat and runs down the steps towards the sound. The others follow behind him. He stops before he reaches the survivors, not seeing Cass among the small group of remaining angels.
“Ya but they’re all assholes. You two met some of them. They tried to eat you.” Gabe gestures at Sam and Dean.
“For me’s sake, enough with the short jokes already. I made this vessel back when this was the average height of mankind. Not my fault evolution got out of hand.”
“How could he possibly think that he didn’t lose,” Sam says, rolling his eyes. “He fucking died… as a human. And Jack is God now, not him. And he’s in a prison.”
“Ya,” Sam laughs, “we do. It wasn’t the same without you the first time so I’m glad you’re able to see me get married finally.”
“Just give up Amara, you’re not going to win this.” Chuck’s vessel sits on the floor of the small cabin. A dozen or more Angels stand around him with confused and concerned facial expressions.
“She is locked up and I have some of my most trusted guarding her cell and questioning her about Chuck.”
Dean puts his arm around Cass and pulls him closer. “He’ll be okay. Just think about something else.”
They are all talking and laughing, momentarily forgetting about the fight ahead of them, when Jesse appears next to them.
“Oh,” the Shadow makes a fake pity face. “No no no, Gabriel. I agreed to send Lucifer back, not you. But, since I find you entertaining, I’ll make you a deal, either I send Lucifer back, or you. Not both, sorry.”
“No. Didn’t say who it was either, just that they were a member of our church but that’s pretty much everyone in town.”
“I didn’t think it mattered, the grace didn’t really change me. And Cassiel was gone. No one had heard from them since a few decades after they fell.”
“I was so sorry to hear about Dean’s demise. I can’t even imagine how that must have felt. But at least he didn’t end up here!”
“Ya. He got Cass and some other angels that deserved a second chance out to help with Heaven. He’s in the process of redesigning a better afterlife for the angels and demons who deserve it.”
“I’m not saying put the mark back on me, I don’t even think that would be possible being dead and all but, the cage wasn’t destroyed or anything, just opened. If we can figure out how to open it on Earth, then maybe all of you guys,” Dean gestures at Cass, Jack, and Gabe, “can help Amara get them both in there, and then we can lock it behind ‘em.”
“That is not something I ever thought I would hear you say. Let alone wanted to hear you say,” Sam groans.
“Okay. Forgive me Father for I have sinned. My birth was a sin in itself. My mother was a human and my father was the archangel, Lucifer. The first thing I did when I was born was kill my mother, not intentionally but still, she would have lived a long life if I hadn’t been born.”
A tear runs out the corner of Jack’s eye and down his temple. “I heard you guys talking. I know what it is. I deserve it, Cass. I’ve lied to everyone. I’ve hurt people. I hurt you and Sam and Dean. I- I killed Mary. I deserve this, Cass. Because that sword was created to punish people like me. It’s doing exactly what it’s meant to.”
The music starts and the others immediately recognize it as Zepp’s “All of My Love”. It starts out with just Dean singing as Cass is still slightly unwilling but he finally jumps in at the chorus. His gravelly voice starts out shaky, trying to stay in sync with Dean, but after a few lines, he gets the hang of it. Their deep voices mesh well as they continue on with the song past the chorus. Cass’ singing voice is surprisingly beautiful once he relaxes a bit. Dean can’t help but stare at Cass as he reads the lyrics off the screen.
“Humanity was founded on murder. Cain and Abel. The great flood. The Crusades. Thousands upon thousands of pointless wars. Death is nothing new to this universe. We are just here to follow God’s plan and put things right. And having Lucifer’s son as our new ‘God’ is not right.”
Sam laughs quietly. “Still, can’t we just help out with small things? No more apocalypse level shit.”
“Hey if anyone deserves retirement it’s you,” Dean says, wrapping his arm around Cass’ shoulders. “Jack can handle this.” He looks back over at Sam and Eileen who are both smiling like children at Dean’s out-of-character public display of affection (that isn’t making out with a random woman at a bar). Dean blushes. “Shut up. Has Chuck shown himself at all since I’ve been out?”
Micah runs toward his friends that are still unconscious behind them. Before Martin can make another move, Eileen shoots him again, this time in the heart.
They reach the front and separate to their individual sides, turning to watch their partners approach. Their parents take their seats in the front row.
Jesse’s apartment is small and dark. It smells of dust and wet dog. The source being the scruffy mutt asleep on the dirt-stained armchair. Books line the walls in stacks of varying heights. A small TV sits in the corner on top of a brown cardboard box labeled ‘kitchen’.
Thousands of thoughts and previously undelt with emotions raced through Dean’s mind. "Why didn’t I say it back?" "Maybe if Cass knew that I was something that he COULD have had then he wouldn’t have done what he did and we could have gone out fighting Billie together." "Why didn’t Cass tell me about his deal with the empty earlier? I could have helped him. We could have fixed it, made another deal with the Empty. But no, Cass always has to be 100% selfless and deal with everything on his own." "Why does Cass always have to do the leaving, always have to do the sacrificing? Why didn't he just let me help him?"
Just when they were starting to think he wasn’t home, they hear multiple locks click and the door swings open. The boy they knew all those years ago is standing there, a neutral but tired expression across his face. He hasn’t lost his baby face but has grown taller, although he’s still significantly shorter than the three of them. His baggy white t-shirt and worn jeans show off his thin frame.
“Hell no. I’m beyond ready for retirement. I just wish it could’ve, you know, happened while we were alive.”
“Ya, I guess. Maybe we just, ya know, relax. I mean this is heaven after all. Paradise doesn’t exactly give us much to worry about or work for.”
“Okay let’s try this again. Ol gift yls oi lansh.” Jack places his hand on Cass’ and more orange energy leaves Jack for Cass.
“We can help you. Please just let us take him back to the bunker and we can talk like civilized people,” Sam tries to reason.
“If someone tells a 16-year-old kid that they’re going to hell, there’s no way I can be respectful to them. So how about you answer the question. Unless you want to come back with us to the station and move higher up on our list of suspects.”
I’m sorry for killing Gabe again. It hurt me a lot to do but I felt it necessary. I have something big planned for a few episodes in the future 😈
“Well you know I’m not entirely comfortable with you and Cass yet but if it’ll make you happy, of course, I’ll be there.”
“I didn’t do anything, Castiel. The Shadow thingy would only let one of us leave and good ol’ Gabe knew I was more valuable to the mission. So here I am.”
“Cass!” Dean yells standing in an empty field. He falls to his knees and begins to speak quieter “Please, I need to see you. I’m an idiot and a coward. I’ve been afraid of being who I am my whole life but I’m not afraid now.”
Mary smiles brightly and places her hand to her mouth. “I can’t wait to meet him but I hope he isn’t here yet.”
“Nope. Guess you’ll just have to ask him yourself. Come this way.” They are led to the back room where Sam, Dean, Cass, and Eileen all are told to wait.
The music stops and Bobby clears his throat. “We’re gathered here today to witness the unions between Sam Winchester and Eileen Leahy, and Dean Winchester and Castiel. Both of these couples have been through life and death, bad times and good. They’ve fought God himself together. And yet they are still here standing before you today. Their love has literally saved the world on multiple occasions. I’ve known both of these boys,” Bobby gestures at Sam and Dean “since, well, it’s been a long time. And I have never seen them happier than they are now. Eileen, Cass, thank you for giving my boys light in the dark life that the universe chose for them.” Cass and Eileen smile widely. “Now, you may recite your vows. Sam, you may start.”
“I don’t think so. But I don’t know what happens when they share their power with as many people as you guys are talking about.”
Rowena places her hand on the mark and inhales. “I can feel the power coming off of this. Even more so than when it was on you, Dean. It’s probably reacting with his Demon half.”
“So boys. I’m guessing you’re not here to reinstate me in my rightful place as God so what do you want?”
“No. We shouldn’t be, because there is nothing we can do right now. What we should be doing is relaxing and enjoying ourselves, for what-,” Dean sighs and closes his eyes, “for what could be the last time.”
“Just one night of peace, that’s all I wanted,” Sam mumbles as he grabs his phone off of the nightstand.
“I know. I wish he could have just been a kid. It isn’t fair to him but if any one person has to have that amount of power, Jack is the one I would trust with it.”
“No.” He whispers. “But I do.” He shoots to his feet and blasts his father back with all the power he has.
“I think it might be time I tell you what little Gabriel and my’s deal was. My conditions for, you know, saving the world.”
“Not long. He’s stronger than me right now. I can hear him in my head. But he also is constantly hearing me in his.”
Both Sam and Dean feel their eyes getting heavy. No more anxiety or fear-induced insomnia that once allowed them to stay up for days on end to work a case, avoid the nightmares or, ya know, fight God.
“Better to be safe though. If they have Death on their side, witches, and who knows how many angels and reapers, we can’t underestimate them.” Eileen adds.
“Ya, I’m gonna leave you two alone to talk,” Sam says awkwardly, getting up from his chair and leaving the room.
“Pastor,” she shakes his hand, her silver ring touching his palm. “I’m Agent Hoth and this is my partner Agent Halen. We’re investigating the death of Edward Kilick and we just had a few questions for you.”
“Cass we shouldn’t have done it. Now all they have to do is kill all the angels that I gave the power to and Chuck gets his powers back. And as each of them are killed he gets some power back making it even easier for him to kill the rest.”
“Because he has an unknown number of angels, reapers, Death, and a very powerful witch fighting on his behalf.” The group is silent.
“There could have been something that happened or something someone said that didn’t mean anything to you but would to me.”
“We’ll be in touch.” They turn and head towards the exit. Before they can reach the door a tall teenage boy with dark hair and blue eyes taps Eileen on the shoulder.
Jesse can’t help but smile at Jack. “Great. So, uh, Uncle Jack. You think you could remove my powers like you did with Castiel?”
“Okay, Jack. We think we found something that will stop this but possibly could mean you would die and couldn’t leave Heaven.” Sam says bluntly.
Jack swallows and shakes his head. “That’s not going to happen. Now release my Mom and Rowena and leave us alone.”
“What do you suggest you do? Enjoy all that Heaven has to offer while our family is off fighting a war that we started?”
“Father Jackson said you’re cleaned of your ‘sins’ and you should be healing. But he also said that you may need to forgive yourself first.”
“Ya. You’re just as much a part of this family as we are. I mean these are basically your grandparents since we kinda adopted you.” Dean adds.
“But you are so many things that he wasn’t. You are kind and compassionate. You care about every living thing in this world. You fight for everyone. He only fought for himself.”
“Jesse got the mark, but just in time. Amara couldn’t hold control and Chuck tried to attack.” Cass explains.
“Okay,” the Shadow snaps their fingers and Lucifer disappears. Gabe stares at the being possessing his face as the darkness around him slowly envelops his body. The last thing he will ever see.
“Well, quick summary, he was God,” Cass says, “but he kind of left the picture for a while then he came back but we didn’t know it was him, then he left again, then he came back, left again, and lastly came back and, as Dean says, fucked shit up, so we had to stop him. Chuck became human, Jack is now quote-unquote ‘God’, Chuck died and went to Heaven’s prison then he got broken out and we don’t know how.”
“Maybe it’s because of all the mirrors we smashed in the Bloody Mary case. What was it I said? 600 years bad luck?”
Sam and Eileen rush in, their guns raised. The first thing they see when they enter is Martin, his knife across Micah’s throat. The others are, lying in the background, hopefully just unconscious.
“I mean, it isn’t stupid in the context of what we have been through and what we are trying to accomplish at this moment. If this is what we have to do, then so be it.”
They reach the door and Sam hesitantly rings the doorbell. Cass and Dean stand behind him, both still visible.
“I’m sorry to hear that. Because you may have the power of God, but you are not him. You still have human in you, a human with a fatal weakness. And thanks to Death, we know what that weakness is and how to exploit it.”
He looks over at his brother then back to his angel and the woman who makes his brother happy and can’t help but smile. This is the happiest he’s ever been and the safest he’s ever felt. Just as Dean looks back out at the dark road ahead of them, Sam’s eyes flutter open and he immediately smiles at what he sees. Dean looks so at peace. So happy. Sam sits upright from his slouched down position, groaning as he stretches his back and shoulders.
“But it’s not miserable. They’re happy. You just can’t stand that they fixed the planet without you. They don’t need you anymore, Brother. It’s time to move on.”
“Come on. We skipped Christmas cause we were on the road. Let’s celebrate! We deserve it. I already called Jodi, Donna, and the girls. Jack, Gabe, and Balthazar might stop by too.”
“I understand but if we keep him in Heaven, we are worried he will find a way to influence some of the more blindly loyal angels. The Earth can’t afford another civil war in Heaven.”
“You have the rest part right.” Cass pulls the armchair over to Jack as Sam guides him into it. “But that isn’t going to be enough. We should get Bobby. Have him take a look.”
“You mean to tell me you boys haven’t been to see your parents yet?” Bobby questions as they head out to the impala.
“That’s what Chuck said when he came to get Lucifer. ‘Once the Winchesters are out of the picture, you will never be bothered again.’”
“Father?!” Michael yells, standing alone, in an empty field, “Please, we need to talk!” It's silent for a few moments. “Get your cowardly ass out here!”
“It’s amazing Jack.” Sam pulls away. His hand still on Jack’s shoulder. “Why did you never visit? We missed you.”
Sam does the last thing one would do when fighting God himself, he prays. “Michael? Look I know you wanted out and you want no part in this fight, but we need you, the world needs you.” Silence. “Please.”
“Absolutely nothing,” Jebediah says. “You will go back to Heaven and stay there until you are contacted.”
“No, last time Dean chose to spare you, but I had a feeling that decision would come back to bite us in the butts so what makes you think I would make the same mistake again.”
Jesse turns towards her more so that she can see him better. “Nice to meet you,” he signs, causing Eileen to smile in appreciation.
“What if I went with you?” Jack suggests. “They don’t like humans but I’m not human so they have no reason to hate me.”
Dean grabs Cass’ hand and pulls him down onto the armchair with him. “Hey, don’t say that, it’s all going to be okay. You have nothing to worry about, I don’t think Gabe is physically capable of staying dead. Any second now he’s going to come back with Lucifer and Chuck’s gonna power down again. The power is tied to his life force now so we don’t even have to worry about Chuck having more mojo once Gabe comes back.”
“Awesome. Ash was thinking we should find a way for Jack to expel power into people not for others to suck it out of him.”
Just as Jebediah swings his knife at Jack, Cass appears and takes the blade to his shoulder, yelling in pain and falling to his knees as it pierces all the way through him and comes out the other side.
Dean smiles and presses a gentle kiss onto Cass’ lips, tears of happiness rolling down the side of his face. He feels like a breath that he’s been holding in his whole life has been released. This is the first time in all of his existence that he’s ever been entirely himself and entirely honest about how he feels.
Please don’t hate me for spelling Cas “Cass” I’m trying to stick with what’s canon and just add on (even though I think it should be spelled “Cas”)
“Fuck, I hope so. Or else I’m gonna be making some weird noises in my sleep.” Cass laughs quietly and presses his lips against Dean’s once more, pulling him even closer. Dean leans into the kiss and pushes Cass’ trench coat off his shoulders, Cass removing his hands from Dean’s back just long enough to pull it off the rest of the way.
“I dunno. There’s just this part of me that needs to get some closure. See him locked up. Tell him again that he lost and that he’s getting what he deserves.”
“One sec. I just have one last question for ya Chuckles. How exactly did you lose? I mean you were freaking God! Omniscient, Omnipotent, the whole shebang. How is it that you were defeated by the things that you created for your own amusement?”
“Ya let me just write them down for you,” Jake turns and walks into his house. He returns after a moment with a piece of paper, handing it to Eileen.
Dean shoves Cass in the chest, surprising him. “If you ever pull that shit again I will drag your ass out of the empty myself, you hear me! And where the hell have you been? I’ve been prying to you every single day.”
Dean smiles and places a kiss on Cass’ head. “Why don’t you take a little break and I’ll keep looking?”
“I didn’t have one. We weren’t given names when we were created. They were gifted to us by our commanders as we earned them.”
“Well you’ve never talked to the son of Lucifer who became God then gave up being God and is now dying from being cut by the Flaming Sword.”
As they walk, Sam and Dean look around at the people in the audience. Dean immediately recognizes everyone but a man in an all-black suit sitting on the far side. And he definitely has a memorable face, looking like death warmer over and all. “Oh fuck” Dean thinks. “Not now. Not yet.”
“By releasing a sociopath who murdered everyone on Earth and every other world just for an entertaining storyline? Jack is the only one who can fix the mess that Chuck has created.”
“No cameras at work but I was with my coworker, Jackson, he can confirm I was there. We have a security camera at the front door that will show me coming home around 5:15 or so.”
He makes a sour face, realizing she’s deaf. He turns back to Sam like he’s too good to talk to her, causing Eileen to roll her eyes.
“Hmmm I think I’ll leave you hanging for now,” Dean leans over and whispers in his ear. “Then after this is all over I can show you.”
“It’s great to meet you. I mean we’re kind of relatives. Your demonic parent is my father’s creation so I guess I’m sort of like your uncle.”
“True,” Sam responds, “We should probably figure out a way to keep tabs on him. Make sure he isn’t causing any trouble or anything.”
“Doesn’t matter. Once he’s in the cage we’ll never have to see or think about him ever again. Anyway, how’s Rowena doing? Anything new?”
“Not well,” Cass sighs out. “Only thing we’ve found may or may not kill him and may or may not split Jack’s soul from his body.”
“We appreciate that. Our questions relate to your late husband. Are you comfortable discussing that?”
“Okay,” Mary breaks the silence, “if the mark was created as a lock and key, could it be used to reveal the cage? Like a locator type thing?”
“That's why they deserve to live the rest of their lives on a lifeless, empty planet. Slowly dying alone. The perfect end to their rebellious and pathetic story. To live for years knowing that they failed in the fight that mattered most. It’s… poetic.”
“Where have you been? We haven’t seen you in decades. I just assumed you were killed by rogue angels or something.”
Sam looks at his older brother with more admiration than he ever has. Even with how broken he is right now, Dean still has fight in him. “We WILL get him back Dean. Chuck won’t win.”
“We stop playing defense and make the first move,” John says after a few moments of silence. “I may not know angels but I know hunting. You don’t wait for the monster to come to you, you go to it. These assholes seem like monsters to me, so let’s treat them like it and hunt these sons of bitches.”
“Wait, so every dick that despises Cass, Sam and me is here? Like Lucifer and Zachariah and Abbadon and fucking Alistair.”
Dean smiles. “So, Jesse, I know you have a life here but would you like to come back to Kansas with us? At least while you make a decision. We have plenty of room in the bunker.”
“Yep, Empty’s back to sleep, I just got back from returning the ring, saw my younger self, really weird, Death says hi by the way.”
“Just shut up and come here.” Cass pulls Dean into another kiss. Cass pushes Dean’s jackets off his shoulders and Dean pulls it off the rest of the way, tossing it to the side.
“Cass!” Dean yells standing up from the dusty couch he was sitting on. “Are you okay? What happened”
Cass can’t help but smile. “So you got jealous of Jack being more loved by Christians than you were.”
“You two danced around your feelings for each other for 12 freaking years! I can put up with the obvious sexual tension, eye fucking, and pathetic pining but this is where I draw the line! So you go find him right now and tell him you love him you emotionally constipated mess of a human being!”
“We don’t know for sure that she had a role in Chuck’s escape. We need to talk to her first, get her side of the story.”
With that they close the gap and share a hopeful kiss, the noise and scene around them all but nonexistent. It’s 12:02 by the time they pull apart. They realize that someone had turned the music back on and their family was back to dancing, this time to “Don’t Stop Believin’”. Dean rests his chin on Cass’ shoulder as they start to sway. Cass lays his cheek against the side of Dean’s head. Their eyes are both closed and their bodies are relaxed.
“You’re done when we say you’re done, abomination. Once this is over, you can go back to your miserable life.”
Cass looks like he just saw a ghost (actually he would have been fine in that situation). Dean just laughs and grabs him by the tie, pulling him in for a long-awaited kiss. Cass doesn’t do anything at first, still in shock, but after a few seconds, he melts into the kiss, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist. Dean smiles in response and places one hand on Cass’ neck and his other on Cass’ hip.
“I’ll see you guys in a second. Ok Michael, let’s do this. Bring me back the minute I get the ring.”
“It’s always an option,” Cassie says, spinning around and twisting the reaper’s arm behind his back, preventing him from getting close enough to touch Dean.
There’s much more space in this room than in his apartment, especially without all the books. He left most of his stuff in his car or in his old apartment for the landlord to deal with. He brought some of the books that he found helpful or interesting, the few pieces of clothing he owns, his shitty TV, his toiletries, and Lucy of course (she was busy wandering around the bunker with Miracle, Dean was right about them getting along) But that was pretty much it. He didn’t have any belongings that he was emotionally attached to. Any furniture he has had he’s picked up at garage sales once he got to a new place or they came with the apartment.
Dean's heart swells then breaks with Cass’ last line. Knowing that he is already gone. Tears run down his face and he wipes them away, smiling through the pain and again focusing on the Cass he has at this moment.
“Well Death can enter the empty and retrieve the dead, but our Death was taken, along with the ring.”
Jesse sighs and looks down. “Well after I left home I wanted to make sure I couldn’t be used by either side as a weapon. I found myself an old emergency bunker, kinda like this one, and went into hiding. Only leaving for essentials and never using my powers. It seemed to do the trick for a while. I was never found there. Until the angels fell. I have a feeling you guys had something to do with that?”
“I didn’t agree with them. I loved humanity. I tried to get them to see the beauty in it but they couldn’t. All they saw were the flaws. Obviously, they were furious with me and thought I betrayed them. They reached out to God and tried to come back to Heaven but, the damage had been done. They even tried calling out to me for decades but, I never responded. I knew they still couldn’t see what I saw, no matter what they said. They stopped after a while and I thought they had been killed or, you know.”
“And how do you suggest we do that huh? Just have me ask dad to retire in the countryside? You think he’ll just put everything back to normal just cause I asked him to? He doesn’t care about me or anything that he created for that matter.”
After a few hours of swapping stories, joking around, and John and Mary getting to know their new extended family, Jack suddenly stands and inhales sharply. “Jebediah wants me to meet with them.”
“Eileen.” Sam sighs and says. “I have loved you from the moment you tried to kill me. Then you saved my brother’s life and I loved you even more. You are by far the most beautiful, wonderful, and most badass human being that I have ever had the privilege to know. You make me laugh more than anyone ever has and you are always there to let me cry on your shoulder. Not only are you my soulmate, but you are my best friend and there is no one I would rather spend eternity with than you. You have given me a son and an ever-expanding family. And for that, I will be eternally grateful. I love you.”
Jack closes his eyes and laughs. “I would say that they are doing more than just catching up. I’m not sure you want to know the details.”
“Because if you don’t, all of Heaven’s angels, including 9 with some of your power, will smite this bunker and everyone in it.”
“Cause you said everything I ever wanted to hear from you and then you were just gone without giving me a chance to process, let alone respond. And I am not mad about that, of course I’m not mad about that but now I find out you were alive this whole time and just letting me think you were dead? That I would never see you again? What? Were you just too afraid to face me?”
“It’s okay. Jack came to see me. He filled me in. I’m so proud of you.” She turns to Sam and gives him a hug. “Both of you”
Sam walks up and gives Cass a hug, “How are you man? I think you’ve died more times than I have now."
Jack’s eyes get wide. “What! What happened? I’m so sorry, if I had known I would have come to heal you so much sooner.”
“And whether you keep your powers or not, or stay on Earth or don’t, we want you to know that you deserve to be happy,” Sam adds.
Sam walks into the room a few hours later to find Dean and Cass glued to their respective books. “Find anything new?”
Cass looks over to where the rest of Jebediah’s group was and they are both dead on the ground with Claire and Kaya standing over them. There are similar scenes across the battlefield. Jesse and Hades stand over the pile of ash that used to be Death, her scythe in Jesse’s hand. Black goo and burnt wings cover the field. The battle is over, so where the hell is Chuck?
“What are you talking about Jack? You matter to me, and Dean, and Sam, and everyone else on this planet. You’re a hero Jack. And you’re my son. So you are not dying and you are not going back to the empty. Because I am not going to let that happen. You hear me?”
“He means literally blow it up. Human style. There are enough nukes and explosives on Earth to blow up a planet 10 times its size. All they have to do is possess the world leaders.”
“You have to become fully human then confess your sins to a priest. Then the curse will be lifted and you will either die or heal. The book wasn’t very clear.”
“Is there a way for me to be able to talk to Rowena myself? It would be nice to see her after so long.” Sam asks.
Sam and Dean sit in silence as they wait for Michael and Jack to return from their search for Jesse. That silence is broken by Dean.
The empty just tilted its head. When Dean turned around a crowd was in front of him. Many of them demons and angels he had killed himself. Dean sighed and turned the ring on his finger.
“Jack are you okay? What happened?” Cass says when Jack appears in the room, face covered in tears and nearly hyperventilating.
“Are you sure you don’t just want to let me kill you and your superpowered angels?” Chuck says to Jack and Cass in a demeaning fake sympathetic voice from across the cemetery. “It would save a lot of lives.”
“I think so,” Micah says as the last of the group sits up, groaning. There are 6 of them in total. All under the age of 17.
“You betcha,” says Donna, walking up and hugging Sam. “What happened?”	“It wasn’t Billie, it was Chuck. He killed every human and animal except Dean, Jack and I. But he missed some of the others. Long story short, he’s gone and Michael and Jack got everyone back. They’re gonna alter the memories of the people who don’t know about any of this stuff so they won’t remember what happened.”
“Battle’s over. Chuck’s really gone. Are ya gonna get bored without having some crisis to deal with?”
“Anyways, even with Amara’s help, it’s going to be difficult to do this. We’re gonna need your guys’ help,” Jack says to the group.
“Castiel,” Cassiel says turning towards Cass. “I think we should go somewhere and chat.” They place their arm on Cass’ shoulder and they disappear.
“It means I need to go out on my own again.” The others nod sadly but understandingly. “But I’m gonna stay close, I’ve grown fond of Kansas. Plus I’m gonna need a nice home-cooked meal every once in a while.”
“Fuck off it was a dream, I had no control.” Liar. He hesitantly looks over at Cass, who looks slightly hurt to Dean. “Fuck, I didn’t mean it like that. It- it was the greatest day of my life, even if it wasn’t real.”
Jack looks at them with more pity than anger as he places his hand on Cassiel’s forehead and closes his eyes. Their eyes glow blue and they stream out of Chuck’s mouth. Before they can escape into another vessel, Jack places his other hand over it and it falls to the ground as ash.
Dean clears his throat. “What about you? I know you already got the retirement thing, but any plans for taking advantage of paradise?”
Gabe nods and gestures for Cass to get on with it. Cass slowly tilts the blade up at Gabe’s stomach, his eyes full of hesitation and fear for his brother. Sensing this hesitation, Gabe steps forward and smiles, placing his hand up on top of Cass’ shoulder.
“So I die and Chuck gets his power back right? That’s what you think’ll happen?” Jebediah looks at him emotionlessly. “Cause that’s not going to work anymore.”
“If you’ve seen the memories, you would know how good they are, and what they are trying to accomplish. They’ve saved the world countless times. They’re heroes and they deserve your help."
“Right, ya. I guess Dean wasn’t entirely honest about what happened the night Cass died and he had finally told Dean how he felt. But Dean, being ten miles in the closet, couldn’t respond in time and Cass died thinking Dean didn’t feel the same way. But since Jack brought Cass back, they have a second chance. They’re ‘catching up’ as we speak.” Sam laughs, “Although, according to Jack, they aren’t doing much speaking at this moment.”
“I’m not sure if I’m ever gonna get used to this.” Cass looks at Dean quizzically. “I’ve been in denial for so long that repression has just become second nature. But now that I can just outright tell you how I feel whenever I want to… I dunno… it kinda just feels like I’m dreaming and am about to wake up.”
Dean pulls out his unlimited credit card from Charlie and hands it to her. “Just go see the world. Enjoy your brother’s creation in the way that he couldn’t.”
Sam’s voice fades away as Dean starts hearing the beeping again. The beeping is interrupted by an echoey voice.
“Of course you don’t.” Cass turns to the group of angels in front of them. “Okay, everyone! I know there has been a lot of change in Heaven recently and that this is a lot to ask but if you know anything about Chuck then you know he cannot become God again. If you are willing to fight, we need you.”
“For a permanent transfer of power just say ‘I gift thee this power’, in Enochian in your case, and place your hand on mine.”
“Thanks, Jack but we know how busy you’ve been. We don’t wanna put anything else on your plate,” Dean says.
I had so much fun writing this fic!! I hope everyone enjoyed it as much as me :) I feel like it helped me get more closure for the show. I never wrote anything until after the finale and I'm pretty proud of both of the fics I've written just because of how they made me feel.
Dean is in the driver’s seat of the Impala with Sam sleeping in the seat next to him. Cass and Eileen are doing the same in the back. Traveling Riverside Blues is playing quietly out of the speakers, the tape spinning in the tape deck. Sam tried to get Dean to take a turn sleeping but he refused.
“Ah. Here. Since Chuck disappeared Eva has not been accounted for. I bet if Jack checked, he would see that Eva is now Death.”
“So this is the actual Book of the Damned?” John says holding the old book up to the light. “The one made of human skin and blood.”
“I’m sure I can with the right materials, but it could take a while. It took both me and Charlie to crack the codex the first time. I could definitely use some help.”
“But entirely possible,” Cass utters and looks at Jack and Kelly. “The president’s been possessed before obviously.”
“This is Gabriel and Balthazar,” Sam says. “They’re some of the few angels that we don’t entirely hate.”
“Me too. Would you like to go see the house that I created for you and Eileen? It’s next door to Dean’s place and right down the road from Bobby and your parents.”
“Hurtful.” Chuck straightens back up in his seat. “For your information, I’ve been on the straight and narrow since you guys abandoned me. I got a job, an apartment, friends, the whole nine yards.”
“You idiots gonna hurry up or should we just eat all this food on our own?” Sam yells from a couple of hundred feet away. He and Eileen have the blanket and food all set up and are already digging in.
Okay someone please let me know if I'm the only one who loves these types of plot twists. If y'all hate it, I'll rewrite it :) The only way I can justify the finale is if it wasn't real so that's why I went this route.
“You too angel,” Dean says, shoving a burger in front of Cass as he sits down next to him with a burger of his own.
A small group of angels stands around Jack. The group includes Balthazar, Samandriel, Hannah, and Gabriel. Cass is standing at Jack’s side. “Ready?”
“What are we even doing?” Cass asks as they walk through a green field with Sam and Eileen walking up ahead, hand in hand, and Jack trailing behind playing fetch with Miracle. “We are about to enter what could be the worst battle we’ve ever been in and we are having a picnic.”
“He didn’t say it back right then because he’s clearly always been an emotionally repressed closeted bisexual mess.”
“He hasn’t changed, has he,” Cass says as soon as they get out, stopping to allow Dean to take a breath.
“She’s over there,” Claire points to a group of hunters, “filling some people in on what’s happening.”
“Good. I love ya, kiddo. Now get some rest. We’ll get you better soon.” Dean leans back in the chair and tilts his head back as tears run down his face, wiping them away as they come out.
Dean laughs and Cass gives him a look of annoyance. “I don’t think I was ever a dick, just misguided.”
“So if we undid the spell that Rowena used to remove the mark from me, would we be able to reseal the cage?”
“Thank you for coming, Claire,” Cass says. Claire is no longer the young girl that Cass knew. She looks older than Cass now. Her blonde hair has faded to grey and her skin crinkles on the edges of her eyes.
“I can’t believe that, even in Heaven, you guys still have to go through this shit,” Charlie says to break the tension.
“They don’t. This is Cassiel. They’re an archangel that fell shortly after Lucifer. They were my friend. They trained me. I even had their grace.”
“Jesse, we should never have let you disappear like that,” Dean interjects. “You were just a kid, we should have taken care of you.”
“Then, by the power vested in me by Jack, I now pronounce you spouses for eternity, you may now kiss your partner!
“Let’s move on to a happier topic,” Dean says after a moment. “We’re trying to distract ourselves here.”
Cass looks over at Dean then Sam. They both nod hesitantly. “Hey, Jack?” Cass says. “You listening? We got a friend here that would like to talk to you.”
“Didn’t you hear? I don’t have it anymore. Your power I mean. No one person has it. There is no more God.”
“So this is your human, huh? Hmm, don’t see the appeal.” They hold out their other hand and fling Dean across the room. Before Jack can stop him, they throw everyone else to the side as well, leaving Jack and Cass as the only ones standing. Jack throws his hands forward and stops Cassiel in their tracks, walking forward and pushing them back into the wall.
Jack smiles at his family and continues his search. The laughter quiets down as the group starts thinking more about what they are actually having to deal with. If Chuck has a group of angels and Jesse on his payroll then they could have another Civil War in Heaven ahead of them. Especially if more angels decide to side with Chuck and try to overthrow Jack. “I found him.”
Cass helps him back onto the bed. “You’ve been in a medically induced coma for two weeks, you need to give yourself time to recover. With the sedatives you have in you, you shouldn’t be able to be awake right now.”
“Look, it’s the only way we can put Chuck and Amara away for good. Once they’re fully gone you’ll never have to be awake again. I promise”
The black hole reopens, this time on the wall. Jack, Cass, and Jesse push Chuck backward as he tries to stand.
Cass looks across the field. There are less than half of them left. Only five of the angels, Jack, and Hades remain of God’s power. That means Chuck is nearly at half power. Everyone slowly merges together into a group, the hunters looking around to tally their losses. Many are covered in blood and black goo. No one has gotten by without a cut or bruise… or twenty. Jack is pale and staring blankly at the crowd.
“Mmmm… yes we do. But Castiel stays here until everyone is returned and asleep and …Castiel goes back as a human, I keep his grace. I never want to see either of you again.”
“No reason but um, if you did at some point, and you were given the chance to live out your life with your wife, even if it was just in your head and not actually real, would you? Even if it meant you would die in the real world?”
Rowena sighs. “If it would help keep you boys safe then I suppose you could use the cage. You would need to make some adjustments to it as it was created to house an archangel, not a human.”
“I dunno. I guess it would depend on what I had waiting for me in the real world. When I was in the coma after that Dick shot me, if I had one of those dreams, I wouldn’t have even hesitated to choose to wake up, cause I knew you boys needed me. But if I was just dying in general, after I had lived a good, long life, I’d probably live out the rest of my days in my mind.”
“Ya,” she nods. “If everything goes okay I’ll come up after you talk. And if it doesn’t someone has to be able to come save your asses.”
“What Castiel is trying to say is that we need to smite his ass. And all the asses who are trying to help him.”
“Yes. That could work.” The empty walks around Dean, looking him up and down. “What is it with you and this angel? Why would you risk everything for Castiel?” Dean looks down. “Is it friendship?” It stops and whispers in Dean’s ear, “or is it something more?”
With a chorus of flapping wings, all of the angels of Heaven are gone and the brothers are alone once again.
“She’s right,” Sam says. “But I vote we just take turns watching the security monitor for the night to just make sure nothing weird happens.”
“And this dumbass decided it would be a brilliant idea to run and jump off the bridge and jump into the mud instead of just holding onto the side.”
“What’re your plans now?” Sam asks Dean as they sit alone on the porch. Cass and Jack went back to regroup with the rest of the angels and Eileen went to visit some old hunter friends.
Jebediah responds with a swing at Jack with his angel blade. Jack easily dodges it and blasts him with his powers. Jebediah flies back and knocks over two of the angels backing him up. The other two angels run at him and he stops them in their tracks and forces them to the ground. He walks up and placing his hands on their shoulders. He closes his eyes as they yell in pain. When he opens his eyes they are lying on the ground with their eyes burned out. He turns around just as Jebediah stabs at him. The blade slices deep across his chest as he attempts to move out of the way. His grace shines through the cut as his shirt soaks up the dripping blood.
“You really didn’t think I would let you get away with saying that and immediately leaving did you?” Tears welled up in his eyes and a lump formed in his throat. “Cass I…”
“You were always the smart one.” Dean pauses for a moment, maybe his emery of Bobby will be enough to give him some insight. “Hey Bobby?”
“Ya. Sorry about that. I mean how are you blocking Jack from seeing what happened when Chuck got broken out.”
“It was really rough at the beginning without Dean but Eileen really helped me through it once I stopped closing myself off from the rest of the world. We both decided to retire from hunting and live a fairly normal life. We had a son, hopefully, he won’t be joining us any time soon. It was… it was really nice, for a long time. But once Eileen died, I felt pretty alone again. Dean, my son, was off living his own life and I kind of felt like I was ready to go, for good this time.”
Before they can continue their silent conversation, Gerald reemerges from the doorway with a piece of paper and a USB, handing both to Sam.
“I’ve missed you so much. You should see our son. He grew more and more like you each day.” He said once his face was visible enough for her to be able to read his lips.
“Not yet but I’m sure with it being here we will be able to figure it out.” Rowena runs her hand over the Mark muttering words in Latin. “I never got to study this while Dean possessed it, it’s incredible.”
“Death has some manner of control over the beings here. They have been know to retrieve an angel or demon on occasion to bring them back to Earth, Heaven, or Hell. But I’ve always been asleep when that happened.”
“Hahaha ya… good times. I’m guessing you’re here for your boy toy Castiel. But let me tell you, he doesn’t want to see you, let alone leave with you.”
“Well, you got the drive down there to think about it. Good luck.” Bobby says as he turns and heads back towards the house.
“You're right, but that's not what I'm thinking. Our best bet is doing the same thing Chuck did with Amara, we toss him in a cage and throw away the key.” Sam moved closer to Michael. “You and the rest of the archangels helped Chuck do it.”
“I know. I just-“ Cass takes a deep breath, “I just can’t give up. Not yet. But you’re right. We need to be ready. Jack can’t go on suffering like this.”
They continue walking in silence until they reach the ‘throne room’. “Hannah. We need your help.” Cass says as they approach her.
“I think so,” Sam says in awe, looking over at Dean who is staring off into space, his mind elsewhere. Like he didn’t even notice the 7.1 magnitude Earthquake that just shook heaven. “Dean?”
Even though Sam wanted to see Bobby he decided to hang around on the bridge for a while. “Jack? Are you listening?”
“They probably don’t even go anywhere. Just stay and take out the people they hate,” Dean says over the phone.
“Uh sure. Let me just go let Eileen know what’s going on.” Sam says as he turns and heads next door.
Cass and Gabriel walk into Bobby's house. Sam, Dean, Bobby, Eileen, and Jesse are standing around a large, leather-bound book. “Did you guys find anything?”
“Long story. Another time. For now, we still have 12 years to make up for.” Dean pulls Cass in for another much needed kiss.
“Actually, things are pretty calm in Heaven right now and Gabe has really stepped up so I was thinking about coming home for a while.”
“But what if something happens to you? Jack can’t get you from the Empty anymore. I can’t lose you again.”
Cass looks at Dean with awe. Tears well up in his eyes and he bites his lip to keep them back. “Fuck, how am I ever going to top that?” The crowd laughs. “Dean. I fell in love with you the second I pulled you out of Hell and pieced you back together. Everything I am is because of you. You changed me on a subatomic level. You made me feel when I wasn’t wired to be physically capable of that. You gave me a reason to live, to fight, to love. You showed me what it was like to care deeply about everything and everyone. More so you gave me something to care deeply about. You brought me into your family when I gave you every reason not to trust me. My love for you allowed me to break through Heaven’s mind control. It allowed me to fight when my grace was fading. It allowed me to feel joy when the world was crumbling around us. Even when I thought you could never love me the way I love you, you were the reason for my happiness. You are the only Dean Winchester in all of the universes that Chuck created that made the lowly Angel of Thursday betray heaven and fall in love with him, and by extension, humanity as a whole. I love you, Dean. And I will never leave you again.”
“Little bit of both. Maybe take the next few months to relax like I always wanted. All of us on the beach with our toes in the sand, sippin’ on some fancy drinks with tiny little umbrellas. Then maybe I’ll get a job as a mechanic or something for a while, earn an honest living. What about you?”
“They were teenagers that went to your church. Maggie and Cara were killed a year ago and Edward was killed on Monday.”
“We’re going to save him,” Cass states, looking between Sam and Eileen. “And in the meantime, if he’s anything like his parents, he’s tough enough to handle this.
“They seem to be looking for something. Probably an ingredient for a spell, given they have the witch with them.”
“Umm, I died and, well the new ‘God’, who is the son of Lucifer that we took in, he brought me back and I asked him to remove my grace so I could be human. So I don’t have any powers anymore.”
Fuck this is gonna sound pathetic. “Um,” he glances at Cass, “I was in this kinda dream world and I didn’t know it was fake until very recently. It was like I was living it but was also watching it when I wasn’t there in the scene if that makes sense. But uh, long story short, I was dead and in heaven, you and Eileen lived out the rest of your lives and had a son then you two came to heaven. I told Cass how I felt and everything. Um, everyone we ever knew and loved was there too. Chuck died and was put in Heaven’s jail, then he was broken out by some rogue angels who threatened and controlled Jesse, that half-demon kid, to do it. A few battles with Chuck’s army later, we broke Lucifer out of the Empty and used him and the mark to lock Chuck and Amara away in the cage that held the Darkness. Then um,” Dean’s voice gets really quiet, “we got married.”
“That’s the problem, Gabriel. Some angels don’t want to see Chuck locked up. They still have some loyalty to him and he may convince them to start another war in Heaven.”
“Ok. Let’s keep going. Hades said I could do about 10 shares total so I gotta transfer to 8 more angels.”
“I’m from Hell, Canada’s too cold for me. So do we have a deal or what? Save in world in exchange for the throne?”
“That’s not true, Cass. Just one more fight. Then you and Dean can have the retirement that you deserve.”
“Because you’re alive. The good ol’ flaming sword wouldn’t have let you live if you weren’t forgiven by them and yourself.” Dean groans and Chuck sighs, go back to sleep Junior.”
“If you hurt us or my mom then there is an army of powered-up angels waiting in Heaven to attack if I do not return or send word within the hour. And I am not leaving without my mother and Rowena.”
“Oh yes, I heard that that’s what you think. But what you don’t understand is that that is kind of what I hoped would happen.”
“Don’t you think I know that? I didn’t rescue him out of love or loyalty. He abandoned me, I’m here to get my revenge, not set him free.”
Dean sighs and turns to Cass. “Why’d you have to say all those nice things to me? If you hadn’t said I was loving and caring and shit I would have just shot him in the face.” He tried to pretend to be angry but can’t keep a straight face and starts laughing.
Sam sighs and runs his hand over his face, “well in case we don’t find anything else we should probably prepare for the worst but still only cross that bridge if we need to. This could eventually be our only option given how little information there is on the sword.”
“Children,” Rowena interrupts, “I believe we have more important things to be thinking about at this moment.”
“I think so.” Jack breaths heavily. He stands and pulls up his shirt to reveal that his chest is fully healed. Not even a scar remains.
“What about the cage?” Sam suggests. “We could talk to Rowena and see if she would be willing to take him as long as he is fully locked away and unable to cause any problems.”
“Sorry but I think I need to go home. Once everyone is back on Earth I’m gonna find my parents, set things right with them. It’s time I stop hiding.”
“Dean, I thought we weren’t supposed to see each other before the wedding?” Cass says as Dean walks into their bedroom. Cass is dressed in a jet black tux with a white dress shirt underneath. The only splash of color in the dark blue flower in his breast pocket that matches his eyes perfectly.
“Monsters are easier to deal with than Angels or Demons. Anyway, I was there until a few months ago when I sensed a portal to Earth opening up and tracked its power source. I heard two men talking about what was happening on Earth, I now realize one of them was you Dean, and decided it was time for me to come back. So I went through it.”
They all sit in awkward silence for a minute. Looking around at everyone in the room. Dean and Sam lock eyes and suddenly start laughing at the same time. Everyone else looks at them confused and Jack stops his search to stare at Sam and Dean. Cass and Eileen try to keep a straight face but they can’t help but start laughing too, understanding where they are coming from which only makes Sam and Dean laugh harder.
“Dude, we just wanted to find our dad. Now we are fighting the ex-God to make sure the new God, who is the son of Satan that we adopted, stays in charge. How the hell did we even get here?”
Chuck starts to laugh and regains his composure. “You think you can stop me?! It took me and all of my Archangels to imprison Amara. And you think you can do it with a Nephilim, an abomination and a broken Archangel?” Chuck laughs once more makes his way in their direction. “You don't have the power. But I appreciate the effort. It makes for a good storyline. One final effort by the Winchester’s.” But Chuck’s smile suddenly disappears as his motions and voice become strained. “No! What are your doing? You have no more power! Stop!!!!”
“God, or Chuck’s, sister. The darkness. He became one with her right before Jack drained his power. We thought he just gained her power. We never even thought that she could still be in there.”
“Ya,” Sam said hesitantly, “Theoretically that could work but, Dean, it’s risky. What if you don’t make it back? What if the Empty doesn’t let you leave? It’s still pretty pissed.”
“I know. We’re going to get him back.” Dean responds. He turns to Jesse, “if you know where he is, why isn’t he dead yet?”
Those words made Sam smile. The world will be free. They can just live their lives. Sam can go find Eileen. Dean can start his life with Cass (he isn’t even letting the thought that Dean could fail to get him back enter his mind). They can get normal jobs and normal houses. Start families if they want. Retire from full time hunting. Team Free Will can actually have free will.
“That’s not going to happen. Chuck needs to be either fully contained or killed. It’s the only way everything will end.”
“Yes, they’re okay. They’re still at his parents’ house. Would you like me to go tell them where you are and to not go home?”
Sam and Dean continue on teasing each other while the others listen and laugh. Everyone is truly at peace. This is what a happy ending looks like, even though we know, nothing ever truly ends ;)
“You don’t get to play the victim here. You betrayed me, not the other way around. You didn’t care about me, you just wanted to use me. Now take me back, now.”
“Well, you four can’t go to Earth, your bodies were burned,” Cass gestures at  Sam, Dean, Bobby, and Eileen, “So Jack and I are going to have to be the ones to go to Earth and check out the bunker. Dean, how about you and Sam check out things around Heaven, and Bobby and Eileen can do research on Demon/ Human offspring. Work the case.”
“Hi, thanks for calling,” he says hesitantly. “Um, could we meet in person? There’s a park a few blocks from the church.”
“Jack created this special feature for me where I kind of see subtitles in my head when people speak.”
“We just have to see if his body accepts his grace back. It can’t go into a soul, which is all he would be if he were dead.”
Dean laughs and put his hand on Cass’ neck. Cass responds by pressing their foreheads together, smiling, laughing and crying all at the same time. “Is this real?”
Charlie pulls back, “No. Stop. It wasn’t your fault.” Sam smiles. “Besides, we got bigger problems now. Let’s go save the world!”
Amara collapses and their eyes flash blue again as Chuck regains control. He immediately stands and throws everyone back into the wall. The hole crackling closed after Lucifer’s concentration is broken.
Gabriel rolls his eyes. “I’m an archangel and I got stuck playing detective with Nancy Drew over here.”
Jack and Cass return with old friends and all is well until Jack won't heal. Lots of crying in this episode (from both the characters and me).
“No. No, he can’t be. You’re lying, this is real, this has to be real. You’re not Sammy. You’re Lucifer or, or Chuck or something.”
“Dean! Dean what happened? I’ve been calling you for hours? Why did you answer your phone? I thought you were dead.” Dean didn’t respond. “Where’s Cass? What heppened with Billie?" No response. "Everyone’s gone, Dean. Billie killed everyone. Dean? What happened?”
“Anything’s possible but with the process that we had to go through to get Jack there, it’s unlikely.”
“And now there’s a group that’s trying to reinstate ‘Chuck’ as God and you need everyone’s help to stop them.”
Lucifer rolls his eyes, “we should probably get them out here first unless you want us all to get sucked in instead.”
“Ya. You just have to get to know him and I’m sure you’ll get along great. But, really,” Dean gets more assertive as John just stares at him, emotionless, “it doesn’t matter what you think because he’s the only person I’ve ever truly loved in this way and-“	“Dean.” John cuts him off. “It isn’t what I imagined for you and I’m definitely not comfortable with that lifestyle but I’m not going to tell you what to do. Because you’re an adult that has been through hell and you deserve to be happy.”
“She’s getting the others.” Mary looks at him puzzled. “When Dean and Dad come back we’ll fill you in, ya know, depending on if Dad disowns Dean or not.”
“No, you’re not. But we’re going to fix you up. You’ll be healed in no time.” Jack doesn’t respond, he just stares up at the ceiling. “Listen, Jack. Cass told me what said. About you deserving this for hurting us, an- and killing our mom.” Dean sighs and closes his eyes. “I need you to know that I forgive you. Actually, no, there’s no need for me to forgive you because it wasn’t your fault, Jack because you didn’t have a soul. And it wasn’t your fault that you didn’t have a soul. You lost it because you saved us. Then even though I was terrible to you, you saved us again and again. Then you saved the entire world and took on another huge burden. And now you’re dying and in pain again because you were trying to protect the world that you sacrificed so much to save and you think you deserve it. And that’s bullshit. That’s absolute bullshit, Jack. You deserve nothing but a peaceful, happy life, but we don’t always get what we deserve and that’s why you’re in pain and Chuck is free. And I can’t explain why this is happening to you but I can tell you that it is not what you deserve. You understand me?”
“And what do you have to offer ME. Your just a mediocre hunter with a borrowed ring. You are nothing. You have nothing.”
“Of course my boy. If you ever need anything, I’ll be here in an instant.” She turns to Jesse, “Would you like to come? I could use someone with your power to help me make a more civilized and orderly Hell.”
“I will. I’m Dr. Lynn,” She hands him her card. “I will be your physical therapist for the next few weeks. Just come two times per week for five weeks and you should be fully back to normal. When you get the chance, call the number on the card and schedule your appointments.”
Sam looks up to see a beautifully rustic house with a large yard enclosed by a white picket fence. It reminds him of the house that he and Eileen had raised their son in. “It’s amazing Jack.” Sam looks next to him just in time to see Jack smile in response and disappear. Turning back to the house he sees Eileen emerge from the door and step out onto the porch. She looks as young as the day of their unofficial wedding ceremony.
“You go on with your life,” Dean says. Everyone looks at him. “But if you do anything out of line, we will find you.”
“But, I thought there were only four archangels,” Sam says. “Why have we never encountered you before?”
“Ya, soon we’re gonna be taxpaying members of society with full time jobs, a mortgage and grey hair.”
Looking across the street he sees Death sitting alone in the Rinascita Pizzeria across the street. Dean sighs and starts making his way towards the pizza place, hoping that he beats his past self to the scene. Death doesn’t even know him yet, what’s to stop him from killing him on the spot. Dean isn’t the same person that he was a decade ago. He isn’t as charismatic as he once was. Not as confident. He doesn’t even remember what he said to him when he got the ring from Death the first time. How did he get that lucky? Wait, that’s right, it was Chuck’s doing, part of his story. This time he’s on his own.
“When I went to get Cass back all of the angels, demons and reapers were awake with the Empty. Which I’m assuming was my doing. So I was able to put them all back to sleep and therefore the Empty was able to go back to sleep as well. I’m in the process of rebuilding an afterlife for those who deserve it that isn’t so cruel.”
“Oh please. You think that because you got a defective, broken angel to follow you around like a pathetic little puppy dog that you won.” Dean takes a defensive step forward but Cass holds him back.
Cass pulls Dean towards the exit. Dean’s eyes staying on Chuck, who continued to smile at Dean until he was out of sight.
“Well ya but it’ll be fun. More ceremonial than legal. Sam and Eileen are doing it too. That way you guys can see both your sons get married.”
Sam, Dean, Jack, and Cass all stand in the main room of the bunker, each of them holding a bag or two. Sam and Dean look at each other and nod. They both pull out a knife. Sam handing his to Jack and Dean to Cass. “Before we go it’s your turns.” Sam says.
“Then for now she’s safe. We have time to come up with a plan.” Cass guides Jack to sit at the table. “Just breathe.”
Jack is back in Heaven’s “headquarters” and Eileen and Sam are back at their house decompressing. Cass and Dean are sitting on the porch steps of their house. Cass looks a million times more relaxed than he has been the past few days but a bit of worry still lingers in his eyes as he looks out at the ‘forest’.
“Both.” Cass nods at the guard stationed at the top of the staircase and leads Dean down them, stopping Dean in front of the doorway at the bottom. “Dean you have to promise me that you’re not going to let Chuck get under your skin. You can’t touch him or get too close to him.”
“Hmmm. How long have I been gone? Because last I checked, you were dead so I’m not sure how you would even know any of this. Dad try and get you on his side too?”
“Oh ya. By far,” Sam puts his arm around Eileen and pulls her close to him, both of them closing their eyes and leaning into each other.
“Your test results came back all clear and you are officially a free man. It’s quite frankly a miracle given the state you came in when you arrived.”
It’s 7:25 AM now and everyone in the car is awake. Sam is behind the wheel now. He managed to convince Dean to get an hour or so of sleep after he took over. They have around 2 more hours left in their drive.
They all sit at the table watching the live security footage of Chuck on Sam’s laptop. Jesse is there too. He stayed behind to fill everyone in before they went home and take care of Miracle and Lucy.
Their eyes flash black. “No. You’ve been in control of the world for too long. I’m not going to let this happen.”
Sam and Dean stand on the bridge in silence, looking out on the river. They finally feel at peace. Even when Sam had gotten to live an “apple pie” life with Eileen and start a family, it never quite felt right. Not without Dean being able to be the best man at Sam’s unofficial wedding (since they were both legally dead), meet his nephew and live next door to his brother. And even though Dean had wanted to live out his life on Earth, there was a hole in his life without Cass, and he never could have moved on. That’s why this just feels right for the boys. It’s not like they wanted to die or anything but ever since they both died for the first time all those years ago, life on Earth didn’t feel natural, like they didn’t belong there. But being here with all of the people that they lost along the way, that felt right.
“You don’t have to do this Lucifer,” he says as he walks over to his favorite son, kneeling over him. “You can join me once again.”
“Thank you, Sam. I hope you find Heaven to be to your liking. Eileen will be waiting for you when you are ready.”
The wedding is set up in a beautiful field full of wildflowers and tall green grass. The seats are all made of natural wood and the arches are crafted from tree branches and decorated with colorful flowers.
Cass stifles a laugh. “I’m glad to hear. Just a warning, the things he’s going to tell you may be a little out of the ordinary compared to what you are used to hearing.”
Cass and Jack look at each other before Cass responds. “Then why don’t you come out here?” Jack turns to Lucifer and removes his cuffs, giving him a look that says “I’m watching you.”
“You guys are the absolute worst. Do you even get how hard it is for me to be human? I have all these voices in my head that I have to listen to that somehow don’t sound like me, I get bored super easily, I have to walk places which is exhausting and going to the bathroom, not a fan,” Cass shrugs and nods in agreement at that. “Being human is punishment enough. I don’t need the silent treatment too.”
“Wow. You’ve done more in a few years than Chuck has done in centuries. I really am proud of you. Dean would agree but he and Cass are busy catching up.”
Dean shakes his head, “I doubt it. Who knows what Lucifer’s not telling us about what happened in the Empty. There’s no way he just agreed to do this without getting something in return.”
“This is kinda like that faith healer case we did in ’05. The wife was making a reaper kill the people she saw as immoral in exchange for healing someone else.”
“I think he was just saying that stuff to mess with us,” Cass adds. “I don’t think he actually believes it.”
“He’s still incredibly cunning,” Cass explains. “And he has billions of years worth of knowledge and experience to work with. Just on his own, he’s dangerous, but with Amara he’s lethal. Who knows what they’ve been planning?”
“Just take a breath sweetie,” Mary places her hand on Sam’s shoulder in comfort. “I’m sure Jack and Jesse are going to be back any minute now with good news.”
Before Dean can respond Michael and Jack pop back into the bunker with a familiar face. “Jesse?” Sam whispers in disbelief.
“Cass, if this is the quote-unquote ‘cure’, then this might be the only way to end this. I mean won’t his soul just go to heaven anyway? Since it’s his human half that’s damaged.”
Gabe groans. “Fine. Um, it was Chuck that created it. We just helped him put Amara in there. All I was a part of was binding the mark to Lucifer to seal the cage.”
Sam doesn’t know what to do, what to say. He just looks at his brother, more broken and defeated than he has ever seen him. He sits down in despair with Jack and Dean. All three of them mourning the losses that they have endured that day.
“We never should have let him go free in the first place,” Dean groans. “This whole thing was probably a part of his plan or something.”
“So it sounds like we are hunting a werewolf or a pack of them which would rule out the Preacher since he didn’t react to the silver,” Sam sighs.
“That’s all you got out of that? I mean, don’t get me wrong, it was definitely a miracle but not really the main point here.”
“The cemetery that Dean almost killed me in, then Chuck actually killed me, then Chuck released all the souls from hell, then…”
“A bandage that lasted hundreds of thousands of years last time. Humanity isn’t going to last that much longer at this rate anyway.” Sam explains.
The crowd of people there is enormous. It’s full of people who didn’t even realize he remembered. Everyone they lost or they saved along the way. People they’ve hunted with, fought with. Dean’s flings and ex's from long ago, Sam’s as well. Everyone that has ever known the Winchesters are there because they have all been a part of getting Dean to this moment in his mind. Bobby stands at the front, ready to perform the ceremony. Benny, Charlie, and Donna are on Dean’s side, Jack, Kelly, and Claire on Cass’. Even though Claire hadn’t died yet in this universe, Dean couldn’t imagine it without her. On the other side of the aisle, Jody, Kevin, and Rowena stand where Sam will be, with Eileen’s birth mother and father, and Marlene, who she stayed good friends with, standing on Eileen's side.
“I’m sorry. I was wrong. About so many things. I thought you were an ‘abomination’ and a ‘threat to the world’ but that’s bullshit. You were just a kid who needed our help, you still are,” Cass sighs. “I mean, you clearly don’t need our help but, if there’s anything you do need, anything at all, we’re here.”
“What the Hell do you mean Chuck is here. How did that fucking asshole get into to heaven?” Dean fumes as he stands up.
“Na, my life was already fucked up,” he says laughing sadly. “I was never gonna have a normal life. But you made sure I wasn’t going to go down the path that everyone thought that I was. You believed in me. Thank you.”
Dean looks over at Cass, “Can I talk to you before you guys go?” Cass nods and he and Dean walk into the other room.
“No one’s that good at acting. And he took his brother in after he was kicked out, he cared about him too much to hurt him. I guess it’s mostly just intuition.”
“I went to our father shortly after I fell, begging for his forgiveness. I told him how corrupted I was by Lucifer and that I was wrong. He listened but he didn’t forgive me, not at that moment at least. My job was to observe and one day, he said, I could come back to Heaven once I learned what we were protecting. But he never came for me. I prayed and prayed but he never listened. He never responded.”
Dean tries to explain but can’t stop laughing enough to speak. He leans over into Cass’ lap, clutching his sides. Sam forces himself to breathe and composes himself enough to get a few words out. “We’re never gettin’ outta this life, are we?”
“Why are you doing this? Where’s Chuck?” Cass restrains the angel and holds his blade against their throat. They remain silent so Jack walks around them to see who the angel is.
They begin the fight once more. Sam and Rowena continue the spell, unlocking the cage. A gaping black hole opens up in the field as Sam and Dean get flashbacks to their fight with Lucifer all those years before. Amara forces Chuck to the edge of the cage, with him fighting tooth and nail against her control. With a final blow from the combined force of Michael, Jesse and Jack, Amara is able to throw herself and Chuck into the pit. The hole closing up behind them with a force that shakes the whole planet as the mark transfers itself to Jesse. Jack and Michael collapse in exhaustion, their graces faded from the exertion of power. Jesse falls to the ground as the mark gets burned onto his arm.
“Oh, I’ll give them to you but don’t think for a moment that that means you won. We’re just getting started.”
“Ok, let’s get this party started then. You and my dear nephew can go to Earth for whatever reason and I’ll take Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dumb here on a tour around Heaven.”
“Hi, buddy!” Dean says, walking over to them. He checks the tag. “Lucy. You should meet Miracle. I think the two of you would get along real well.” Miracle is staying with Jodi right now while they’re on the road.
Dean pulls the blanket off of Jack and placed his hand on his forehead. “Ya, you definitely have a fever. How is that even possible? We’re in freaking Heaven for God’s sake.”
“By taking out your allies, your friends. ‘God’ shouldn’t be working with Demons. And you shouldn’t be God. You didn’t create this world, you shouldn’t be in charge of it.”
“Well you clearly don’t like him and we’ve heard that you’ve been threatening and aggressive towards him in the past,” Eileen explains.
A few angels come out carrying Castiel by his arms, legs dragging on the ground. His head falling forward. “Cass!” Dean runs up to him but is stopped by a the empty appearing in front of him.
“You don’t get to make that decision. Do you really think I want to be God? I just want to live a normal life, be a kid. But I don’t get to because someone had to save the world from Chuck. Someone had to take on the responsibility.”
“Is that a glimmer of optimism I sense?” Dean drapes his arm across Cass’ shoulders and pulls him close.
“I dunno, maybe she’s trying to take over control of his body or something. To get him to separate with her again.”
“Whether or not Castiel stays dead depends on you Dean. On if you have the ability to accept who you are.”
“Jack said normally people who never met you would see how you looked when you died but since Cass isn’t dead I would guess it would be how he chooses to look. So he’ll probably look like he does to us.”
Jesse runs his hand over his face and sighs. “I appreciate it but your offer is about five years too late.”
“And the grace thing, well, they wanted to make me stronger for the ‘upcoming fight’, I didn’t know they meant disobeying God. They extracted a portion of their Archangel grace and intertwined it with mine. It wasn’t like stolen grace where it faded quickly, this was gifted and bound to me. In a way, it made me part Archangel. No one but us knew about it of course.”
“Hey guys, we need to find a way for Jack to transfer little bits of his power to a bunch of angels. Bobby’s a fucking genius. If there isn’t one God then they can’t just kill Jack and get Chuck his power back. And Jack wouldn’t have to be God anymore.”
Cass, Jesse, and Sam laugh. “If you need help being a better feminist I’ll help you out when we get back,” Eileen says.
“Fuck.” Dean collapses into the chair next to Cass, guilt washing over him. “That wasn’t his fault, he didn’t have a soul.”
Father Jackson opens his mouth to speak but nothing comes out. After a moment he is able to form a sentence. “Well, this is definitely the weirdest job I’ve ever had.”
“Okay,” Dean defends himself, “I’m sorry for not fully thinking things through when my possessed car was about to run us over. Hey, at least I didn’t cry about losing my shoe.”
Dean presses his face into his hands. “I’m sorry, Cass. I’m not mad at you for anything. It’s just... when you were gone, I-, it destroyed me. I thought I would never get the chance to say it back and now, you’re here and I don’t know whether to punch you or kiss you.”
“If we can kind of undo it, maybe we can trap Chuck and Amara in the cage that held the Darkness,” Jack explains.
Sam looks sadly at Dean and Cass, grateful that they have each other but being angry that they can’t just be happy. He then glances over to his parents. Mary looks almost as worried as Cass is but he has a feeling that the worry is mostly for what will happen if they were wrong about the power-sharing preventing Chuck from just killing Jack and getting his powers back. John on the other hand is glancing around the room, avoiding looking at Dean and Cass. Sam obviously knows why and it just angers him further. John still isn’t okay with Dean being with Cass but at least he isn’t saying anything insensitive or rude.
Mary nods. “I was the only one in the church that was open-minded. I was the first one Eddie told when he decided to come out as transgender. Same with Cara and Maggie telling me they were in a relationship.”
“I’ve seen your type here before. A year or so ago. Eddie and my’s friends Cara and Maggie were killed while walking back from youth group. A man showed up after claiming to be FBI but I quickly learned otherwise when he started asking questions about strange noises and smells.”
“Ok pop in any time.” She smiles at Jack then turns back to Sam. “You too Samuel. And tell Dean and Castiel to come by soon as well. I want to hear all about their new relationship.”
It is silent. Dark and ominous, as it should be. “Dean” comes a familiar gruff voice from behind him.
The moment is interrupted by Jesse laughing. Cass and Dean look down embarrassed. They kind of forgot he was there.
“Well even when you were just a Nephilim you could hold your own with God when you were at full power,” Cass says. “Is there a chance there was another one born without our knowledge?”
“I’m sorry, Edward?” He says in a condescending voice. “Oh, you mean Jennifer.” Sam and Eileen roll their eyes. “Yes, I heard about her death. I’m just sorry she didn’t get a chance to redeem herself in the eyes of God before she passed.”
They hear a noise coming from inside the house and turn to see Miracle jump through the doggy door. “Hey boy!” Sam gasps and gets down to pet him. Miracle had lived with him and Eileen for about 10 years until he died in his sleep. “Dean is going to be so excited to see you!”
Lucifer closes his eyes as he stretches out his arm, pulling up his sleeve. The mark burns brightly in the dimly lit room. The ground below them begins to shake violently as a gaping black hole opens up on the ceiling. Not like the one to Lucifer’s cage. This is more like a black hole in space, ready to eat up anything and everything that gets near its entrance, which, in their case, will hopefully be God and his sister.
“We’re coming!” Dean yells back. He grabs Cass’ hand and they make their way over to the blanket. Jack runs past them with Miracle and sits down across from Sam, grabbing a PB&J from the basket. They sit down and grab sandwiches of their own.
“Hey.” Cass interrupts. “Don’t think about that right now. We’ll sort it out. It isn’t entirely up to you to fix anymore.”
“I don’t want to be special!” Jesse stands up and paces around the room. “I just want to have a normal life and be a stupidly normal 22-year-old without having to worry about accidentally killing everyone.” No one knows how to respond. “Please Castiel. You owe me this. Let me at least talk to him.”
“What did you think would happen after a regime change?” Gabe responds as they stand at the front of the ‘throne room’. “Just 'cause we’re angels doesn’t mean we’re peaceful.”
After a few silent moments, Lucifer clears his throat awkwardly. “Ahh, how sweet. I heard about you two from deal old Gabriel.” He rolls his eyes. “So we gonna do this or just continue this pity party?”
“On the plus side,” Jesse starts. “They clearly don’t like Chuck so we might not even have to kill him ourselves.”
“What if we got everyone else. Mom, Dad, Jody, Donna, Kevin, Charlie, Ash, Ellen, Jo…everyone. We may not be enough but if everyone got together, we may be able to come up with something.”
“Okay, if you think that’s best. You are the smart one.” He leans over the back of his seat to give her a kiss before they get out.
“But he’s still alone and he’s only 22, he should have been able to be a normal kid, but we kinda destroyed his life so the least we can do is check in on him.”
“If it was just a normal human injury then I could treat it like I would anyone else, but this definitely isn’t normal or human.”
“Fine. I was just sitting in my apartment in Belize about a week ago when two angels just appeared. It was pretty obvious that they didn’t just want to chat. All they said is that if I didn’t do everything they said without question that my family would be cast out of Heaven and be tortured in Hell for eternity. It’s not like they asked me to kill anyone or anything so I just did what they told me. But when I tried to leave they chained me up in some underground bunker and said I needed to ‘await further instruction’. By that point, it was pretty clear that they had no control over who is in Heaven or else they would have had more manpower and they wouldn’t have needed me to help break someone out of Heaven’s prison. But just when I was about to snap, kill that bitch holding me there and leave, Jack and Cass showed up.”
“That’s the best idea that you have ever had.” Dean leans over and gives Cass a kiss. Dean pulls away and smiles, looking into Cass’ eyes. Cass smiles back and grabs Dean’s hand. When they look back at Sam and Eileen after a moment Sam is smiling at them like an overly enthusiastic puppy dog. “Way to be subtle Sammy.”
“Fine, you caught me.” Jack spins around to meet Chuck’s voice. “I wanted a bit of leverage.” Chuck is standing over Dean II's limp body that’s lying on the ground. “Don’t worry, he’s alive. He just wouldn’t shut up so I had to put him to sleep.”
“After I sensed all the wardings on the walls in this place I researched the facility and found out it is one of many similar bunkers across America. So I’ve been in one in Nevada until a few days ago when I sensed a massive exertion of power and then felt nothing. Right after I left the bunker a few hours ago, Michael and Jack found me and filled me in on what happened.”
“Well technically I will still be an angel but Jack said I deserve to rest. I was hesitant at first and I hadn’t made my decision regarding it until now. If it’s okay with you, Dean, I’d like to spend my time here, with you. All of you.”
“Would you please give us a copy of that footage and the phone number of your coworker?” Eileen asks.
“But what if the Empty has gotten stronger or something and he isn’t even given a chance to stay awake?”
“Thank you Jesse. We couldn’t have done this without you. You truly saved the world.” Sam smiles at him. “I’m really sorry we fucked up your life.”
“Ya, I think I’ll pass.” He chuckles, “I’m just glad they were finally able, to be honest with each other.”
Sam looks at him with admiration and pity. Jack never got to be a kid, much like him and Dean. “I know Jack.” Sam drew him in for a hug. “I’m so proud of you.” When they separated Jack was smiling with tears in his eyes.
“Hmmm, na. I’m good. See you guys around, ya know, when I come for my crown.” Before any of them can act, Lucifer is gone, along with the Mark.
“How ‘bout you guys talk for a bit then you can decide whether or not you really want to bail him out.”
Placing a gentle kiss on the top of Cass’ head he sighs, resting his head on top of Cass’ and closing his eyes as well. “I know.”
Dean laughs quietly and plants a kiss on the angel's lips before leaning their foreheads together. “Come back to me.”
He has to get Cass back, even if it’s the last thing he does. He WILL help him this time, whether Cass likes it or not. He was too fucking emotionally constipated to tell him he love him when it really counted. Cass died thinking that his feelings were unrequited and that hurt Dean more than anything else.
“Dean, please, this is the only way for peace and balance. This is the only way to save this beautiful world.” She turns to Jack, Jesse and Michael. “NOW!”
Jack looks to Cass and nods.“Ol gift yls oi lansh.” Jack places his hand on Hades’. Both of their eyes glow orange and a stream of energy exits Jack’s mouth and enters Hades’. Jack stumbles back.
Jack starts to stir a few minutes later. This time with just Dean sitting beside him. Cass, Eileen, and Sam are in the other room trying to find a cure.
“We have one more card that we can play. Jesse Turner, the 'antichrist' as Heaven called him. We met him about 10 years ago but he disappeared and we haven’t seen him since, but he’s powerful. At least as powerful as you are. Even more if he’s been practicing controlling his powers all these years.”
“Please, I need this ring. I always keep my word. Besides, I kinda have to return it cause it’ll fuck up the timeline if I don’t so…”
“It isn’t so bad. In all honestly, things don’t feel all that different. At least this way I can actually make a difference in the world.”
The pastor’s eyes get wide with surprise at Sam’s outright insult. “I’m not sure I should even answer you while you’re being so disrespectful.”
Rowena nods “I can’t find anything else. Believe me, if I thought there was another way, I would keep looking for it, but I don’t think there is.”
“Oh no! I’m so scared!” Chuck says sarcastically. “I’ve died once before, I’ll just come back again. And have you met the Winchesters? You would sacrifice the world for family, they would never forgive you for letting this Dean die. And you just got their forgiveness, didn’t you, Jack?”
“Do you think they’ll actually kill Chuck?” Dean asks Cass who is looking at the floor, not paying attention. “Cass,” Dean nudges him.
“Well I have had an interest in men but with how I was raised and how my Dad felt about ‘queers' I just never acted on it. I guess I was ashamed. By the time I was more comfortable with that side of myself I was just too in love with you to be with any other guy so I just, you know, kept hooking up with women to push those feelings down. I didn’t think that angels could feel that way about someone so I never thought a relationship with you was possible.”
“I dunno. Time works weird here. 5 minutes on Earth could be a second here or a century.” Dean rests his elbows on his knees and buries his head in his hands.
“Sounds good but, um, I have a family of my own now. They were visiting my in-laws when Chuck came. Do you know if they’re safe?”
Jack closes his eyes for a moment, “He’s still alive if that’s what you’re wondering. He’s in Saskatchewan, Canada. Hasn’t used his powers in five years. Lives alone in a studio apartment and works at a local grocery store.”
“Well I knew that but I just thought that maybe this time would be okay since Jack was God and… I don’t know. I was too optimistic I guess.”
“Cool,” Jesse laughs. His childlike facial expression reminds the others just how young he actually is. This is the first time since they found him that his mind seems at ease.
Sam is sitting next to Eileen’s car, her phone in his hand. Suddenly the street around him is full of people and cars. He looks up to see Eileen looking down on him smiling. “Hi Sam. Jack told me what happened before he sent me back.”
“Do you have any idea where Lucifer went?” Sam asks as they all sit down on the porch again, this time with the addition of Cass and Jack.
Jack sits in front of two computers, one showing the footage of Chuck and the other playing The Umbrella Academy. He glances over at the screen with Chuck regularly. After a few episodes, he notices Chuck’s lips moving again and pauses the show to listen. His voice is at almost a whisper but Jack doesn’t need to hear him to know what he’s saying. It’s a prayer, calling out to any angel that is still loyal to him, asking for help. Just as Jack is about to teleport himself in there, another being appears on the monitor. And before Jack can do anything, the being is gone, along with Chuck.
Cass laughs. “My apologies for loving you. Besides, if I hadn’t said all those things the Empty wouldn’t have come, you would all be dead and Chuck would have won.”
“Hopefully about to be better. I’m Dean, this is my brother Sam and his wife Eileen and this is Jack.” He gestures over at the couch.
Dean walks out of the restaurant. He looks across the street and sees himself and Crowley sitting in the Impala, arguing. Dean smiled to himself. “Who would have thought that my life could get more complicated than sitting next to the future king of Hell, searching for Death in Chicago while trying to cage Lucifer,” he thought. But it did. They were able to cage Lucifer, with Sam’s sacrifice. Dean tried to run away and live a life of lies, denying his true feelings, but had come back more broken than ever. Shitstorm after shitstorm swept through his life, but he almost always had his brother and his angel. Now he didn’t have his angel, but he was going to get him back. Then they can retire like they always wanted. Sam, Cass and him on the beach, toes in the sand with matching Hawaiian shirts. Sam can go live his life with Eileen, start a family, get a dog. And him and Cass can do… something… he wasn’t sure what he wanted to do.
“And we chose these people, that’s why they’re our family. The ones we lost, Bobby, Charlie, Kevin, Jo, Ellen, Rufus, Crowley, Rowena, Benny, Adam, Meg, Pamala, Jessica. And the ones we still have, Cass, Eileen, Jack, Jodi, Donna, Claire, Alex, Patience, Kaia, Jesse, Garth, even Gabe and Balthazar… I mean we’re Team Free Will 3.0.”
“Ya, that’s one way to put it. Wait, you said retiring.” Dean interjects. “How do you retire from being an angel?”
When Dean placed his hand on Cass’ chest, feeling his heart beat rapidly, his legs felt weak beneath him. For so long he was afraid to hold on too long, to be this close to the angel, knowing that it could never be. But now he didn’t have to be afraid. He could hold Cass close to him and never let go. After years of repression and denial, they were finally able to express how they felt without any fear. After everything in the universe tried to keep them apart. Purgatory, Death, the Empty, Angels, Demons, even God himself. But they beat them all, and now they can both speak their greatest truth.
“I love you too, Cass. I love you so much.” He pulls away. “But if you ever sacrifice yourself for me again, I swear on my car I will drag your sorry ass out of the Empty myself.”
“Yes, I can see everyone but Chuck now. They are both on Earth and I can only assume that Chuck is with them.”
“You can stay here for a while? Your family and I lived here for a long time. There are some cars in the basement and it’s well warded. There should still be electricity and hot water as well.”
Dean looks down at his feet nervously, about to say something he has never said to a person and actually meant it before. “I love you, Cass, but it’s more than that. I’m in love with you. I have been for years. But I’m a coward and was terrified of how I felt because of how I was raised and how my dad felt about…this. And I didn’t want to wake up because I knew that there was no one else that could make me feel the way I feel about you. Basically, if I couldn’t be with you, I didn’t want to be with anyone.” Dean looks up at Cass, whose face was representative of a large mix of emotions. He moves closer to Dean and pulls him in for a hug.
They appear in a large dark warehouse that’s completely empty besides some bare shelves along the walls. A figure is visible in the moonlight on the other side of the building.
“He doesn’t. I’m what’s holding him back from living the life he deserves. He’s better off without me.”
Finale Time!!! This was 100% made up as I went along. I didn't have any of it planned out so I hope it actually makes sense. Hope you enjoy :)
He hands them a piece of paper with a phone number on it. “I need to talk to you. I get off in about an hour.”
“We’ll see about that,” Jack says as he walks over to undo the locks on the handcuffs tethering Jesse to the ceiling, he looks no older than twenty, even though he should be pushing seventy. “Cass, watch Jesse while I take her back to Heaven’s prison.” Cass nods as Jack and Atara disappear.
“And we have the power of God on ours. Plus angel juice on top of that and Claire and Kaya, and Garth and Benny from purgatory, and the demons, and Gabe got Hades to join. They’ve got this.”
“I lied. I don’t have friends, or a job, or a home. I have absolutely no idea how to do anything anymore. You guys are all I have.” No one responds. “Please, I just need to get out of here then you’ll never hear from me again.”
They decide to put on The Danish Girl because Sam insists it’s a must-watch movie. Dean insists he didn’t cry at the end but he totally did (so did everyone else). By the time the credits are rolling, everyone’s eyes are heavy.
“There are some humans on Earth that will be helping but everyone here will not be joining us. They have no bodies to return to Earth to.”
With the final cord, they bow and walk back towards the table, both grabbing some food. “You’re up Angel,” Dean says with a mouth full of food.
“He loved me Sam. And anyone who loves me gets dead! So of course it’s my fault! I'm the one who wanted to go after Billie when it wasn't even Billie, it was Chuck!” Dean tries to pull himself to his feet but collapses against the wall once again in exhaustion and grief.“And I love him, I’ve always loved him, but I was too much of a fucking coward to tell him that, and now he might never know. He has to come back. I’ll do anything to get him back.”
“Okay, I guess this is what we’re doing,” Cass says, standing in front of Gabriel, the archangel blade gripped tightly in his hand.
“All of us have either tried or succeeded at killing at least one person in this room, so let’s just call all of us even,” Gabriel says.
“Whatever happened Dean, it’s not your fault, none of this is anyone’s fault but Chucks.” Sam voices, trying to stay strong for Dean’s sake. Dean was always the strong one, but now it was his turn to grieve. They all lost people they loved today, but he’s never seen him like this before, he knows why of course, he’s always known.
“I got past that a long time ago. No sense getting pissed over things I can’t do anything about, right?”
Sam laughs. “They’ve basically been an old married couple since they met but no, they were in denial the whole time.”
“It has to be the pastor right? Even though he didn’t react to the silver he could be something else. I mean who else would it be? The dad’s alibi checks out and he’s our only other suspect.” Sam says to the others over the phone.
Sam smiles and runs up the steps to the porch. Immediately picking her up and kissing her. It had been five years since she passed. The doctors said it was a heart attack. For Eileen, it had only been a day since she entered heaven, but that was long enough to go without seeing Sam.
“I didn’t think you wanted to see me. That it would be too awkward for you for me to come back. I was just trying to do what you would want.”
“They’re not innocent. They’re sinners. And how is it fair that these sinners get to live but my son didn’t?”
“I’ve had enough chances at life. I’ve died over a hundred times. Why not let this one be permanent? If I can be happy in my head for a little longer, then I’m gonna take advantage of it. But I can’t just wake up and go back to life, not if Cass, the real Cass is gone.”
“Just that they were working with a witch and some reapers and some chick called Amara was causing them some trouble.”
“I don’t know. I’ve been human the whole time I’ve been back and haven’t heard anything from Jack since he delivered me back to Earth.”
At this point, Alex is the only one without a partner so Jody and Donna grab her and pull her into their slow dance.
“Oh Castiel, you just make it too easy, don’t you?” He twists this knife as he smiles sadistically. He pulls one of Cass’ knives from his weakening hand and holds it up to his throat. “This one I’ll enj-” Before he can finish the sentence his eyes glow blue and light shines out his vessel’s mouth, falling to the ground.
“What if I take everyone out, you go to sleep and then I send everyone back, asleep. Except Cass. Death can send people to the empty with a snap right?”
“It better.” He grabs Cass and pulls him in for a hug. Both of them with their eyes closed, clinging to each other like it’s the last time because both of them know that there’s always a chance that it could be. Cass buries his head in Dean’s shoulder, not wanting to let go, ever. “I love you,” Dean whispers in Cass’ ear.
Nearby, Jack, Donna, Alex, and Jody are standing at the table, refilling their drinks and catching up on the goings-on in their lives.
“We should probably get back to the bunker at some point. Jack is gonna be anxious to see you and I have to return this ring to 2010.”
Some kids are killed in a nearby town so Eileen and Sam go to check it out while Cass and Dean get Jesse settled in.
“I’m sorry but I don’t think he’s in this universe. He died in apocalypse world so he would have ended up in their ‘empty’, which was destroyed by Chuck when he was erasing worlds. I really am sorry. He deserved to go to a better place.”
“I’m not sure exactly but after all the details are in place I think I’m just gonna do what Chuck did and relax on Earth. Except ya know, not play with people’s lives as he did.”
“I can’t even go to Earth to save my own son.” Sam’s head is buried in his hands. Eileen is sitting next to him staring at her feet numbly.
“They’re in the room next to ours. Security camera’s right outside so no one's getting near without being on film. I also set up an alarm that will go off if anyone opens the door from the outside.”
“But not smite him because we don’t want to kill the people in the surrounding area since they have moved to the middle of Los Angelos. Probably so we can’t do that unless we are willing to kill millions.”
“Well um, I was born in Ireland but after my parents were killed by a banshee I was taken in by a hunter named Lillian O'Grady, and we kind of traveled around until I was 16 and she died of cancer. After that, I kept hunting banshees on my own for a while. Then I met Sam and Dean on a hunt. I tried to kill Sam but eventually, I started to like him.”
Cass, Jesse, and Gabe stand on the porch of Sam’s old house. Cass’ hand is on the doorknob hesitantly.
Sam wakes up to his phone ringing at around 4 AM. He groans and rolls over, the movement waking up Eileen as well.
“But he has nothing to feel guilty about. He should know that by now.” Dean sighs and looks over at Cass who is staring blankly at the ground.
“It hasn’t babe. Jack said it himself. He left it the exact same as before he exploded in it after he got you and the others out. You were able to annoy your way out, and Gabe is much more annoying than you. He’s got this.”
“So does that mean it’s time for you guys to go?” Dean says after a few moments of silence from the group
“Hmmm. How do you know this isn’t still just part of my story? Maybe I make you two happy and make you think you won right before I rip the rug out from under you and take away all of your little happy endings.”
“That’s one hell of a long shot Sam, even for you boys. Dean? You’ve been unusually quiet during this discussion, what do you think about this suicide mission? And where is your angel, Castiel? Hypothetically, if we were to do this we would need all the grace we can muster.”
Dean collapses onto a chair and puts his face in his hands. “God, I’m so done with all this shit. What happened to retirement and relaxation?”
“Well, what if all of the angels were able to absorb a little bit of the power from Jack? That way there wouldn’t be a God anymore and Chuck wouldn’t be able to just kill Jack and get the power back.”
“Thanks, Rowena. And in Dean’s case, I’m kind of thinking him dying wasn’t so bad on his end. He and Cass finally pulled their heads out of the sand and admitted how they felt about each other. I don’t think Cass would have had the guts to come back down the Earth after admitting how he felt and Dean had no idea that Jack had gotten Cass out of the Empty. So I don’t think he ever could have moved on with his life without Cass.”
“And neither do the humans! Don’t you see! I created humanity in my image and that is why they are flawed. That is why it needs to be redone. Don’t defend them, Jack, Help me fix them.”
“Hello,” Sam says to the woman at the front desk, “does there happen to be a Chuck Shurley in lock-up?”
“They were just flawed, broken toys. It needs to be redone in a better way. Wiped out to create a clean slate for my new creations. One's that aren't as boring and... idiotic. ”
“And if every shitty thing that has ever happened to us has led us to knowing or having known these people, then it was all worth it.”
“It was my decision. I just want to live out life like a normal person and when I die, not go to the Empty.”
“Sam?” Rowena interrupts his thoughts. “I need to return to Hell. It’s been full blown panic since all of the humans disappeared from Earth. I need to put my poor demons’ minds at ease.”
Cass looks down at the table reminiscing about the last time he was here. Glancing over at the Winchesters' initials he realizes that there is more there. Looking closer he starts to tear up. “Jack.”
“The billions of people that Chuck eliminated need my help. And…I can’t get Cass back. There’s no way for me to enter the empty. Only Death and God can.”
“I’m Agent Hoth, this is my partner Agent Halen. We’re investigating the death of Edward Kilick. Do you mind if we ask you a few questions?”
They just laugh. “You think I care if I die, nephew?” They stab their blade into Jack’s side, who doesn’t even flinch.
Gabe and Jesse nod. Cass slowly turns the knob and they enter the house hesitantly, knowing Chuck likely already knows they’re there. They walk into the main room to find Chuck sitting on the couch muttering to himself.
“Obviously.” She wraps her arms around him for a hug. Dean sees over her shoulder that Sam is catching up with Ellen and he can’t help but smile tearily. They have everyone that lost back with them.
No one in the room knows how to respond to that. Sam just looks down at his feet and Dean grabs Cass’ hand.
“We’re having fun, Cass. Besides, we can’t do anything until Jesse finds Chuck and Amara so we might as well have a picnic.”
“But if you go to the Empty and they won’t help or release you, we have no way to get you out,” Jack points out.
Jack turns to look at the rest of the group, nodding. They all hit Chuck with as much power as they can muster, forcing them to fly back into the wall. Lucifer falls to the ground with a loud thud. Cass pulls him up to his feet and shoots him an annoyed look for coming in without backup.
“Well here I am,” Cass says walking up to Dean and draping his arms over Dean’s shoulders. “Like what you see?”
It’s just past 9:30 when they pull into the parking lot of Jesse’s apartment complex. It’s a little dodgy but not as bad as some of the places they’ve stayed in the past. Sam looks down at the address Jack gave them. It reads Appt. #56, which for this building is on the third floor.
Jack, Jesse, and Cass look over at Lucifer. He has that look on his face that suggests he’s not planning on just walking away from this.
“He didn’t. And he never will. Because he’s dead. And unlike the one in this dream world you created, he’s not coming back. Because if he was, he would have come down to heal you by now.”
“Ya but we don’t have to do that now,” Sam says. “We won, and that’s all that matters. Let’s call Jack. He’ll be anxious to see you.”
The song ends and everyone cheers at their performance. Dean pecks Cass on the cheek and they walk away from the machine. “I need a break, it’s someone else’s turn,” Dean says before he takes a drink from his glass of beer.
“This cut’s pretty damn deep and in bad need of a deep cleaning to prevent infection but other than that there isn't much I can do. Can’t one of y’all just heal him?”
“I still can’t believe you boys fought God and won without me. It wasn’t that long ago that you couldn’t handle a ghost without calling me up for help.”
Sam and Eileen are sitting together at the table in the bunker when Dean and Cass suddenly appear at the top of the stairs, hand in hand.
“Cass, he has no power and is in a prison cell. You and Dean can handle this. Just don’t let him get in your head.”
“A soulless body possessing the qualities and powers of Lucifer being released in the world while Jack’s human soul exists here in heaven.”
“It doesn’t matter. We just need to ask them about power-sharing. We don’t have to be friends with them.”
“Ahhhh. That could work. But I’m not sure how I can help. Agnes is the one who wrote the spell and she is on Chuck’s side.”
“Okay,” they almost whisper. Their tone is similar to a parent whose baby has kept them up for a week.
“Dean,” Cass says smiling. “Jesse is searching for Lucifer but part of me thinks we should just leave him be until he chooses to show himself.”
“No,” Jack answers. “And I’m not sure I want to know cause that means we have another fight ahead of us and I’m just too tired for that.”
Sam, Jack, Bobby, and Eileen are sitting at the table when Dean and Cass get back. “Hey, how did things with Rowena go?” Dean asks when they walk in.
“Mom,” Dean whispers as he pulls her in for a hug. “We’ve missed you. So much has happened. I’m so sorry.”
“I didn’t feel jealous, I felt betrayed. I gave you all life. I am God. But what thanks do I get now that I’ve been demoted to one of you monkeys? None. I just get insulted. Right to my face.”
“Technically, I should be able to see everything that happens in Heaven but for some reason, I can’t see this. I don’t know how it’s possible. It’s like the footage was deleted from my mind.”
Gabe spins around to face his own vessel. He suddenly feels fully awake. “Look, I know that face is quite handsome but it’s not yours to use.”
“Because Amara’s still in there,” Cass says, limping up behind Jack, “and I don’t think she deserves to die, at least before she gets a chance to explain herself.”
“What are you talking about? What about Cass? What about having a normal life?” Sam  asks, sadly already knowing the answer.
“Yes, I am too weak at this moment but give me some time to recover and it will be done. I’ll need Jack’s help of course. ”
They get to the top of the third flight of stairs before they say anything to each other. “Who should be in front?” Sam asks.
“Dean!” Sam says shooting up from his chair. “You’re not supposed to be awake yet, the doctors said you haven’t healed enough.”
“Well what do you suggest? We go up against God with a shotgun and a can do attitude? Jack doesn’t have the power to take God on in a one on one battle. And everyone that could help him is dead.”
After Dean releases Jack he turns to Michael, and holds out his hand for a handshake. “It couldn’t have happened without you. The world will be eternally grateful for what you have done here.”
“They’re in the middle of a war. They probably just haven’t had any time,” Sam reassures him even though he’s worried himself.
