"Excuse me?"
"You think you can talk this way to a king?"
"Lighten up?! Have you seen the state of things? We're getting attacked from all angles and I'm running out of men to protect this place." Steve says, throwing a hand up.
"What are you but an arrogant man in a suit of armor?" Steve's being mean, he knows, but he's stressed and this strange man isn't helping. He tried desperately to change the councils mind and let him protect himself. He didn't need a bodyguard, damnit, especially not one who thought himself to be better than everyone.
"Brilliant! Well, you know what I mean. I'll be glad to have this over with." Steve says excitedly.
Steve thinks. Just what he needs right now. If he were any less mature, he'd be pouting. But alas, he's a king and kings don't pout.
Steve's so happy he could almost kiss the other man. But he's not going to. Because he's a king, and he has self control and dignity. Kind of. Well, a little bit.
Steve sighs and sits on the edge of his bed, head falling into his hands. What's he supposed to do now? He's become infatuated with his bodyguard knight. A knight who will be leaving soon.
This is... a problem. Maybe he could... No, that's out of the question. But, maybe... Ugh, it's hard being a king but it's hard dealing with romance, too.
Steve washes the dirt and blood off his hands; the East side got attacked today, by a significantly large group of people. The attacks are growing everyday, with more people and more weapons. It's starting to become an even bigger problem that Steve thought. They were able to handle this one before they did much harm, but knight Sam is injured and will be out for a while. Steve's running out of knights. Between injuries, betrayals, and deaths, New York is running quite low on protection. There's not much more he can do about it besides continue to fight and keep the citizens safe.
"I hate this." He says.
"Of course." Steve assures.
"Well... Listen, Tony, I've got something to ask you." Steve says nervously. It's now or never. Steve's a king, for God's sake, he can do this.
Bucky nods and salutes, before winking at Tony and turning back down the hall.
"I didn't ask for this." Steve says, unable to stop himself from making it explicitly clear that he can
"You're the king! You can't leave your kingdom to go battle; it's too dangerous and you can't leave the city unattended." Tony says, like it's obvious. It kind of is.
"What? Really?"
He sinks further into his mattress and groans, headache pulsing behind his eyes. He's tired, he's stressed, and he just wants Tony and a good nights sleep.
A week later he receives a knock on his door late at night. He answers it carefully, checking to see who it is before opening it all the way. It's Tony, with a bundle of paper in his arms.
"Yeah, yeah, get out of here and bring the details to the armory. I have to go to the council and tell them about all of this, and make sure they have that Wakandan backup on stand-by." Steve says. Tony smiles and salutes, grabbing some papers he left on Steve's desk and heading out the door.
"When have I ever let you down?" Tony teases.
"You're a king, not a god. Lighten up a little." Tony says, poking Steve back.
"You got it. We received news from King T'Challa over in Wakanda, and he's offered some back up for us should we need it." Bucky says.
Steve- well, Steve cares more about his citizens than anything else. His main goal is to keep them safe, happy, and healthy. It's why he's king, after all. What kind of leader would he be if he didn't put his people first, above everything? Steve doesn't want to see his people fall due to his own failures. If he wants to be a good king, a protector, then he's gonna need to keep a very close eye on Knight Tony. New York has been through far too much to be betrayed now.
After a week of Tony being Steve's shadow, he's starting to get used to it. Which is a very very dangerous thing.
"You're not going." Tony says, crossing his arms.
Steve still worries. What else is new?
"Yeah, me too." Tony says, but he scuffs the dirt with his boot awkwardly and frowns.
Adding another rogue element, a glorified bodyguard, on top of that isn't making the situation any better. Tony is just here to protect him, Steve tries to tell himself, but it's hard to trust someone you just met. Especially when you have a hatred for change. Also, Steve can take care of himself thank you very much. He's a king, for God's sake; he didn't get here by being soft and vulnerable.
"Yes, and yes." Tony chuckles. "No one was hurt. We found the guy. Forgot what his name was, but apparently his whole deal was that he wanted to overthrow you and become king. He put up a fight but was ultimately unprepared. Didn't live through it all." The knight explains.
-----
Steve's door slams open then and Tony bursts in. "Steve! I found out who the source is!"
"I'm not supposed to leave your side. I'll stay out of your room if you want, though. But if you want a little company in there..." Tony says, wiggling his eyebrows.
"I hate you." Steve replies.
"Excuse me, sir, but the knights have returned and we thought you ought to know." Lantern holder says. Steve can't quite remember their name, but he thinks he recalls them part of the stable crew. It doesn't really matter right now, though, because
Steve sighs in relief and barely stops himself from pulling Tony into a hug. "I'm just glad it's all over." Steve admits.
"Thank you." Steve says, rushing past them and out the door. He dashes as quick as he can to the front gates, arriving just as they open. Breathlessly, he counts heads and sighs in relief when he counts 12. They're all here.
Two weeks later and Steve is having trouble keeping his hands off Tony. He's a weak, weak man. Not physically, but... you get it. He started out hating Tony, constantly annoyed by the other man. Now he can't help but want to sit and listen to Tony talk all day long. Then take the knight to his bed and kiss him for a very, very long time. He really has it bad, doesn't he...
"Sorry, your majesty, but it's already been decided. The knight we have chosen is already on his way."
Natasha and Clint shared a calculated look, but they didn't say anything. However, Steve was anything but silence. "I would like to know that as well?"
"We don't really know if she overheard us earlier," Steve countered as he reached for a towel to wipe the liquid. The expensive Whiskery, as Toni wouldn't buy anything cheap, smelled strong.
Central Park at night didn't scare her, as she was Iron Man, and she could call the Iron Man suit at any time. It was her nightmares that scared her. She could handle this joker, who didn't know who the hell he was talking to, and anyone who thought they could take her. "Why don't you go bother someone else," she hissed.
It was a mindless walk as all she could think about was Barnes' death. How he died? Did he die protecting someone? Did he feel anything? Was it a quick death? Did he suffer? Did he have regrets? Did anything pass through his mind as he knew his death was near? Though it was completely selfish, she wondered if he thought of her like she was thinking of him.
man," he replies, stressing the word ladies. For the hundred time, he isn't a teenager girl. He doesn't fall for any guy that looks his way. "And lastly, what happens when we fight? Because we will, you know me. We will, and they will take each other side. They will back each other up, leaving me alone. I'll be the one hanging out to dry. They got history. I got nothing. Did it before. Will do it again." He doesn't know what he's saying, because Natasha's face just falls and her eyes are large.
"No, you can't. There's an order to these things," Steve said as he placed kiss to the top of her hair. His lips lingered there for a second as she dropped the bulb and reached for some lights. "I enjoy-"
Now, if Toni knew that, she would've given Steve an answer. Maybe, she was scared. Okay, she was scared. God, she was scared of so many things, and it didn't help that her brain was running in ten different directions. "I don't know." She paused for a second, biting her lip. "Maybe, a little scared." She admitted, closing her eyes.
"In service to his country," Steve uttered.
*O*O*
"Afraid No. I simply do not wish to. I don't believe like most that women belong only in the kitchen, and I do not agree with that simply because Agent Carter would shoot me," he stated. "But I do believe there are certain things that should never be done to a lady. They deserve respect."
Schmidt stepped to Toni, snapped the restrains that held her to the chair, and pulled her to her feet. "We're leaving, Doctor. Gather your things and let's go." He pulled Toni toward the door, causing her to trip over her own feet.
She smiled an evil laugh. "I can go louder!" she squeaked. Though he was the most annoying person on the planet, she had to give it to him: he wasn't all that bad, but she still hated him and he was still an idiot.
Toni thought. She remembered her father complaining about his failed hover car. "Unfortunately, I have to work," she lied. She had quit that job the day before as she no longer needed it. Barnes gave her a look as if he didn't believe her, but he never seemed to believe her. "You two should still go. It will be fun." There was also the fact that her father would be there and she had no interest in seeing him. "You two can probably find some hot dames there for the both of you," she said with a wink.
It wasn't the first time that Steve had said those words, and Toni knew it wouldn't be the last, but those words did something to her. It was like they took over everything, filling her whole body with a weird feeling that she couldn't explain. It felt hard to breathe, but it didn't feel like someone was choking her. It didn't feel like someone was sitting on her chest. Her chest just tightened, and a warming feeling flow through her. Toni wasn't sure what all of that meant, but it was all that she could think about.
"Too bad it isn't strong enough to mute you. Your voice's like nails on a chalk board," she said as she leaned over the table.
She was going to fly the suit back and check out the camp for herself. She needed to see that her device was destroyed for herself before she would let herself rest. "Thanks, JARVIS." She slowly pushed herself up with a deep sigh.
Directory Fury was still pissed, but there was hardly a time that he wasn't pissed. However, he hadn't calmed down since he had learned that someone had stolen from SHIELD,
"Not too often," she stated, not wanting to admit how bad she had it.
"You call that getting along?" Toni replied, holding the folder tightly. Did she deserve to read it when she was making jokes with her father? "I'm planning to take over his company and then he'll have to work for me." She held back her laugh this time as it was the truth. She would run Stark Industries in the future, though her father probably wouldn't like how.
Natasha is still eyeing him, following him everywhere he went. "If he wanted you dead, you would've died by now."
"Hey!" he replied again. His voice echoed across the lounge. "I have more game than you."
Howard reached toward her, trying to get her to settle down. "Toni."
Barnes followed her glance, eyeing the card on the table. "Why would anyone take a call from you? You only bring death. Genocide, and you enjoy it. You probably laughed and mocked Stevie as he cried over my death." He looked like an angry beast coming after his prey. With shocking speed, Barnes had the card in his hand. "Oh, this man doesn't know the torture that I am saving him from. The Lady of Death."
Natasha glared at Clint before turning her attention back to JARVIS. "You didn't answer my answer. Is Stark alright?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Phillips took a deep breath. "We have already decided. She's going."
There was something about his voice that smoothed her, and she leaned in closer to him, laying against him. "Don't lie. I always worry you," she corrected. She loved the way he smelled.
Barnes took a deep breath. "I'm sorry that I overstepped. I won't do it again." He stood up and turned away from her. "And just in case you wanted to know, Steve has been very worried about you. I would ask that you aren't this harsh with him as you were with me. He is too naive to handle it, and I'm not sure he would be able to handle that with me gone." With that, he headed to his room.
it. "You should go get Howard. He would love to see Steve. And I'm sure Steve would like to see Howard. They were such good friends."
"Geez, it's like 10 am."
"HEY! You should never count out a Stark," she countered. Though she wouldn't tell him that about the Iron Man Suit, she had the urge to bring it up, so he wouldn't think of her as defenseless. Even with her self-defense classes, she wasn't the strongest person around, but she could defend herself just as well, if not better, than most. "And there's nothing wrong with an engineer."
And sorry no Steve in chapter, but he will return.
"According to Stark with the core and battery fried, it would be impossible to fix. Then he joked like egoist person that he is, that only a Stark would be able to fix it," she stated annoyed.
"You have to," Barnes replied.
Before Rhodes or Pepper could say a word, Toni had disappeared into her private bathroom for a quick shower. She barely got her hair wet, only staying along enough to rise the dirt off, and once she got most of the dirt off, she got out. Not bothering to dry herself, she wrapped a towel around her and vanished into the closet, and it wasn't until ten minutes later that she came out in an oversized MIT sweat shirt and yoga pants. The sweatshirt's neck line hung low on one side, exposing the soft skin of her shoulder and the thin black strap of her bra. Her arms were drowning in the sleeves with her fingers barely poking out. It was almost like a dress on her, as it hanged just below her butt.
Stepping even closer, he narrowed his eyes at the downed genius and said, "It seemed there's a metal armed Man, who is interested you, so interested that he's becoming an annoying spec on my Boss' radar. And let me tell you, my boss doesn't like that. He doesn't like pests, who cause trouble. He also doesn't like the bloody mess being left by this man. He also doesn't like annoying genius, who don't know when to quit."
"Long enough to see why Clint needs some bleach," Bruce chuckled with a smile. "You two are sickening cute."
She took a deep breath. "Do you really want the answer to that?" she asked.
"Let's get back to Barnes. He's probably worried."
"Doctor?" Steve asked. His voice was slightly softer, but he did not like the chemistry between these two.
"Fine," he snaps. "But this doesn't change anything. It can't!" He takes a few deep breaths, trying to prepare himself for the pain that's about to follow. He's about to admit that he has feeling in front of the whole
Feeling like death, the brunette stepped out the Mark 7 and headed toward the stairs. She had been flying around for hours, trying to find this 'shadow,' but as the AI had stated, there was nothing out there. It was like she was searching for a ghost as she tried to find this man… if there was a man. There was no way to confirm that there was something at the window, and how could there be? The AI would've spotted the intruder; plus, the window was over a cliff overlooking the ocean. There was no way someone could've been standing there the whole time and disappear so quickly without detection.
"What?" Steve asked shocked. How did he know that he was planning on seeing her? And why didn't Dugan want him to see her? "I was –"
"Dugan," Steve called standing a few feet from Dum Dum, who was joking around with another resident. They were in the common room of the Nursing home, which was filled with visiting family, other residents, and nurses. Dugan and his friend were eyeing one of a female nurses, who was currently assisting another resident.
"Your device could help the public."
"Yes," he stated as he walked away.
"Something is bugging me," she admitted as she crossed back to the control panel. It would be pointless to fight with him and she knew this.
"Where do you put it all?" he asked, looking her over. They had stopped to eat once before and she out ate him, which was very difficult. He could eat.
"Maybe, so, but better safe than sorry." Sharon replied, giving her a soft smile. "To be honest, I supposed it has to do more with him being a man out of time than his ability to protect himself. Fury just wanted someone here."
"Your device didn't get you here on its own." Loki laughed as he crossed to her.
Toni eyed him.
"Hell, no! The little guy from Brooklyn who was too dumb not to run away from a fight. I'm following him. But you're keeping the outfit, right?" Barnes stated as his hand left Toni's knee, leaving an empty feeling.
Toni knew Maya knew she was lying, but she wasn't going to admit anything. She was a Stark after all, and they didn't admit anything, not without five lawyers. "I can't help you, and I won't help you. You used to have a moral psychology. You used to have ideals. You wanted to help people, but look at you now." An image of Steve popped into her head, and she couldn't get him out, not that she wanted to. But she knew what he would say. "I get to wake up every morning with someone who…still has his soul." Steve was her rock and soul.
"Again, you're something else." He paused. "Barniez Boy?" Gabe asked. "I might start using that."
Bucky places a soft kiss to the top of his head. "We love you, too, Punk."
Toni glimpsed toward spot that Loki had been standing. Like always, he was gone as if he was never there, and it unnerved the genius, but she let it go. She had other things to worry about. "The core is missing."
Toni wanted to scream, because she didn't know what else to do. Though the device hadn't shocked her in a while, she couldn't get it to do anything besides sending her back one fucken minute; however, she couldn't be sure it did even that. Her clock could've been off for minute for all she knew, but that couldn't be right as the object at the end of the table moved slight. Then again, that could've been her imagination. That damn device was driving her crazy and it was hard to tell what was real.
"Oh, I will," he stated with a cheesy smile. "I-" Barnes started.
"Who?" he asked, holding her closer. Toni didn't answer, only stared at her hands. "It's okay. I got you." He rocked her.
"Disobeying orders and assaulting a superior Officer, Sark?" he said, refusing to let go. "That would land you in the brig."
Like a curse, Bucky kept playing in her head, and god, she would do anything to help him, to save him. She would do anything to stop this pain that threatened to rip her open. "Am I going mad?" she asked, barely above a whisper. "You can't be real." Her heart was praying this was real.
However, at the same time, he didn't want her to suffer the same way that he did. He wanted to save and protect her from that. Again, he didn't understand why or what these feelings were, but his stomach flopped at the thought of her hurt. It made him want to learn so much more why she was special. Why did she cause these feelings in his chest? Why did she had this pull on him? Whatever the reason was, he had no idea who she was, as the Handlers wouldn't tell him as much, only giving him what was mission sensitive. Her name was not mission sensitive. Was there a reason for that? Did his handlers know something?
She hated how he said her name. "Then why in the hell did you kiss her?" she asked, snapping. "Why in the hell did you kiss
Toni couldn't take Steve's soft tone anymore, and she would rather face his anger. She knew how to handle him then. With his soft tones, she had no idea and wanted nothing more than to bolt, but there was nowhere that she could go. She was trapped. "Why was that?"
Rogers took the seat directly across from Toni and the Howling Commandos followed down the row next to the Captain. Jones and Dugan glanced at Toni, if only to make sure she was fine before turning back to face their fellow commanders and rejoining their conversation. It was Rogers who kept staring at her but Toni wouldn't let it get to her.
The idea that Hydra was back was a punch to the gut, as the consequences were substantial. It meant that he left Toni in Hydra's hand. It meant that everything he had worked for and lost meant nothing. Bucky flashed in his mind. "Prove it."
"You would be so lucky!" She said as she crossed to the tent's entrance. "Imagine what she could be like if she did!"
Only one light in the dark apartment was on, casting just enough light to make out Bucky's basic features. Nonetheless, the man looked venomous. "I came back for you." His voice was ice cold.
"I'll tell him when I need to," he stated. He sounded annoyed.
However, not knowing where Toni was was so much worse. Sure, Pepper had an understanding of where Toni was, but that the limit of it. SHIELD and the Avengers told her very little, which didn't included how they were going to get her back, if they were going to get her back. They also didn't say what the hell happened to her. They told her barely anything, besides the fact they needed access to the Mark 7. At first, Pepper was against it, not liking that plan; however, after a long talk with Rhodes, she gave in, but she felt like she had betrayed Toni by allowing it.
Toni gave the boy another one of her smirks before closing the window and speeding off. She eyed Harley in her rearview mirror for a few seconds before turning her focus forward. With the deep sigh, she headed out of town and away from her suit, which was a struggle in itself. She had a mission to complete, and nothing was going to stop her from completing it. However, the moving shadows might. With her eyes on the road in front of her, she caught someone or maybe rather something a mere feet from the road near a lone light pole.
The door to her hospital room flew open and a man in military uniform walked in. He was also wearing a 1940's uniform, which added to Toni's theory. Though this could be some giant joke, she wouldn't understand the point of that. Why would anyone try and make someone think they were in the past? What purpose would that solve?
"I know which time period she is in," Steve answered, explaining everything that he knew, which wasn't all that much. As he watched Banner's face change, he became worried that he would have to fight the Hulk. That was one fight he didn't know if he would win.
Toni froze at the sound of Howard's voice. She glanced ever so slowly to the man and felt her heart skip a few beats as she hoped not to find him staring at her. To her joy, she found herself staring at his eyes lids. He was still sleeping, only having shifted in the seat. "No," Toni said, quietly.
"So, where are you now?" Steve asked, noticing the gears spinning in her head.
"That isn't what I mean," she interjected quickly. Her small frame wouldn't stop him as he could pick her up and move her with ease.
He looked out at her, trying to see if she was telling the truth or not. "We are alone."
"You know how to get me all crazy, if you know what I mean," Loki said, smirking. His clothes, though still dainty, fit his frame better, which made it seem like he was taking care of himself.
Zola let out a chuckle. "Unfortunately, you shall be too dead to stop it."
Well until next time. Let me know what you think.
"I think it's too late for that. You're already in bed," he said with a wink.
"But Death is still possible!" Toni said, shaking her fist at the bodiless voice.
Though the Term that the Private used wasn't familiar, it didn't take her much to realize what the Private meant by it. He was an ass, who needed to be slapped a few times, but she could deal with the insults even if they made her sick to her stomach.
"I did but he won't give it to me."
Her anger was about to burst and this man was going to get beat by a woman. He better enjoy that.
A flash of red crossed his face. "Long story," he joked.
There was a lot of things that Toni wished for, and one was to be in her own bed with sleeping pills and maybe drowning them with tequila, but she knew that wasn't going to happen any time soon. "Cut to the chase," she snapped.
Chapter 1:
"He doesn't trust you either, if it matters," said Natasha, who was standing a few feet from him. She had gone on the last mission with Steve and followed every commander, but unlike him, she didn't question Fury.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter.
Toni laughed, because this kid had some spunk, which she liked. However, she was the queen of spunk, and that wasn't going to work on. "What I need is for you to go home, be with your mom, keep your trap shut, and guard the suit." She didn't want to threaten the kid, but the suit was her baby, and she was a protective momma. "And stay connected to the telephone, because if I call, you better pick up. Okay? I love my baby" She smiled her famous Stark grin. "Can you feel that? We're done here. Move out of the way or I'm gonna run you over. Bye, kid."
"I think we found a new game," Falsworth stated as he leaned forward.
If Toni never saw Aldrich Killian again, it would be too soon. She had enough of his fake blond to last a life time; plus, he gave her a weird vibe, even without saying a word. Maybe, it was the disgusting smile on his face. "I knew you were a creeper, but this is a bit much. What? Maya isn't putting out?" she asked, croaking out her words.
Toni was back in front of the mirror, glaring at her hair. It was a total mess, and there wasn't thing that she could really do with so. "Maybe, I should cut it." She exhaled as she rubbed her temple. "Ew," she groaned as she noticed her wrist. There was dried blood crusted onto her wrist from when she tried to escape from the handcuff. She had forgotten that she had cut her wrist. "I should clean that, but first the hair."
So this could've been avoided if he had said those three little words? If they had been honest with each other? "And I love you," Tony says, feeling like a complete fool. What was he so scared off? Why didn't his father see love for the gift that it is? "I love you," he repeats, feeling his chest tightens.
"Yes," Steve answered as he made his way toward her. The AI had been surprisingly quiet since he had arrived, and the Captain didn't know what to make of it. If JARVIS was human, Steve would've thought he was too chicken to speak. However, there was no doubt in Steve's mind that the AI was thinking ahead, forming a plan.
*O*O*
"I don't like to sit," Toni countered.
"Gabriel Jones. Gabe for short," he stated as he stuck out his hand to her, but she made no motion to shake it. "Rogers asked me to keep an eye on you while he's gone."
"I'm supposed to supervise you for a reason."
"Got it, mother," she said while buttoning up her shirt. With a deep breath, Peggy started again, "Are you sure you're okay? If you ever want to talk, I'm here."
Carter's expression changed slightly. "I am not spying on Captain Rogers. I am-"
The Asset stood a ways back, hiding in a shadows of a few buildings, but he could still make out the Brunette and Beefy Blond as they made their way through the crowd of reporters. He could see the well placed mask on the Brunette as the blond hovered close to her. Ignoring the anger growing inside of him at the sight of the blond men, the Asset focused on the brunette, eyeing her every detail. For a while, he wanted to observe the woman as she stepped away from the Hospital and toward a car. He wanted to study the blank emotion on her face, trying to understand what made her so special—so different. After a few long seconds and for reasons that he couldn't understand, he could tell that the blank expression on the woman's face was a lie. He could tell the carefully placed and constructed expression on her face was a mask, intending to hide her emotion, and he couldn't understand how he knew this.
"You have to be ready for anything," she said as she tried to kick him. As he caught her leg, she tried to mask what she was feeling. She couldn't believe that he was getting to her.
"Tones."
The tags started to cut into her palm, and Toni was surprised that her hand wasn't bleeding yet. She glanced down at the tags before she spoke, "Yes."
Toni turned and stared at the clock, sitting on a tall table across the room. "What are you talking about? I just adjusted it to the right time." Thanks to the malfunctioning device, she had to keep fixing the clock to the right time, because each time the device fuzzed, the clock would jump backward. She didn't know how the clock kept jumping back as it was out of the 10 foot range, but she couldn't really predict the effect of the nonworking device.
Idiots, she thought. They were wasting their time on a device that only she could fix, and it almost made her laugh, because right now, her Arc Reactor posed more danger to them than a broken device, which they couldn't even began to power. "You deemed an unknown communication device that I could be using to transmit secrets safe, but yet, a broken device, which Stark can't even turn on, unsafe. Wow, you guys are stupid," Toni stated, picking up the bag and walking out the door. She didn't even wait for Peggy, when she had other things to do. She would get her device back because Howard Stark had nothing on her hacking skills.
Shaking her head, she got to feet and shook the snow off. With a deep breath, she rolled up the folder, lifted up the back of her jacket and stick it into her pants pocket. After making sure it was secure, she made her way toward Howard and her device.
A loud cheer drew Peggy's attention. "I see your top squad is prepping for duty."
Wilson crosses to the refrigerator and pulls open the door. "He cooks all the time, but he doesn't let anyone else eats it… well besides Steve and you. So we're all wondering, how it tastes."
Tony shoots up, giving her a wild look. "What the hell are you talking about? I didn't break up with them."
As Toni walked up the stairs behind him, she realized she had never asked him for his name. Yes, she already knew his name, but he didn't know she knew it. Wait….she thought as she remembered something. She had called him Rogers before and she was sure he had heard it. "I think I remember you now. Rogers was it?" she asked.
Not answering her, he stepped away from the sink to the pan she threw away. He eyed it curiously but he didn't say anything.
"Look at me. Look at what you done."
Clint laughed, stepping deeper into the room. "Don't be too hard on JARVIS. I'm amazing," the Archer said with a huge smile. "I can sneak past anyone."
*O*O*
With her heart beating heavily in her chest, Toni glanced at Steve and almost panicked at seeing the pain in his face. Though Steve could stare down the Red Skill with a deadly glance, he was speechless. His face was filled with emotions; his eyes were drowning in guilt. She didn't blame him, madder at herself for putting those ideas in his head. "See better," she said, looking back at the angry bruise. It was darker now, viler, but that meant it was getting better. "Looks so much better than the love marks you have given me." She added with a wink.
The air left her lung, and chills went up her spine. She tried to take short breaths to catch her breath, but nothing she did worked. She felt a panic attack coming on and there was nothing she could do to stop it.
Salty stood and uncuffed her from the table; however, her hands were still cuffed together. He then pulled her up by her arm and dragged her out of the room roughly. She was winked in pain as he pulled her to the door a few feet down from the room they exited. He pulled the door open and pushed her in. He didn't close it. "Everyone out, now," he ordered.
Itchy did not even begin to describe how Toni was feeling at that moment. It was like something was crawling under her skin and picking at her from the inside. And no matter how many times she shifted, she couldn't get comfortable. It was almost like a bee, who kept stinging her, and she couldn't get. It was frustration to say the least, and it was only getting worse. It wasn't helping that Steve kept starting at her from the corner of his eyes like she was going to breakdown or disappear at any second. Granted, there were some lingering feelings as her mind kept replaying what that masked shooter said. Plus, there was the whole fact that she was seeing things…Maybe, Rogers had a point. Crap.
Steve was confused. "He did what?"
she thought strongly. That wasn't Sharon's style. For all their disagreements, there was one thing about Sharon that couldn't be denied. Like her Aunt, she was a good person… and a bad ass but that was a thought for another time.
Steve lets out a painful sigh as he looks at Bucky. He eyes the pain expression on his boyfriend's face before he turns back to Tony. "Come on, Tony…" He starts but is only met with silence. He takes a deep breath, waiting for Tony to speak, and when he doesn't, he adds, "He's right. You have to talk to us. I know there's something wrong."
Her eyes flicked. "Rogers," she said, fighting to speak. She was so exhausted that she could barely stay awake. "You sound h-horrible."
Steve gave them each a harsh look as he blocked their path to the time traveler. "Not all at once," he said in his cold Captain's voice. "Give her some space."
The Engineer didn't blame her for that, and Toni wouldn't believe herself if she didn't experience it firsthand. Why would anyone in the right mind believe her? She still had no idea why Howard or Phillips did. "I don't care if you do or not. Why don't you talk to Howard? He'll confirm it for you," she said, turning from her.
With her mind still trying to wrap itself around what happened, it took Toni a few seconds to realize that she wasn't hit. You would think she would know that—being how painful gunshots were-, but she was having an out of body experience, though that could be from the head injury she suffered when Steve threw her to ground. The man didn't know his own strength at time, breaking random things like coffee cups. However, this was so much more than a bump on her head.
Steve wanted to say they didn't want time for a lot of things, but as he dripping wet, he had no interest in talking. He wanted to find Toni, and once he did, he wasn't going to let her out of his sight. And if someone tried to tell him she was dead, he was going to punch that person in the face.
He doesn't know why his father still has such a control over him, when he has been dead for years, but he does. Howard Stark seems to be always present in his thoughts, telling him how w-
"It protects my heart," she answered, slowly.
Toni Stark, refusing to be known as anything else, made her way to the Science Station so she could go back to being herself, back to the future. She didn't belong here, where she felt like a fool and a pretender. She wanted to be herself, where she could be an asshole and not have to worry about anyone else but herself.
I didn't mean to make this chapter so long, but for the proper angst, it was called for.
Fighting the urge to look to see if they had an audience, Toni focused on Rhodes. "No, it isn't like that. I'm…" She started, though unable to finish. This wasn't a joke to her, but making jokes and insults was how she dealt with her pain. She doesn't know any other way. If she didn't laugh, she would cry and she didn't cry.
"Geez, what can I do to get you to like me," he teased, as he opened the door with little trouble even with his arms full.
The second item was a letter, a lengthy letter. Like the photo, it was faded along the folds and edges, but unlike the photos, the letter didn't have the same level of wear and tear. It looked younger than the photo, a clear sign that photo was taken years before the letter was written. However, the edges had little rips and folds to them. There were a few faded spots, but being faded in only a few spots, the letter wasn't impossible to read.
"It's fine. Needs some adjustments, but it's still operational." Something was up.
Toni had tried to focus on him, but the dark spots started to form in her vision. She closed her eyes. She would focus on his voice, his calm relaxing safe voice. She would never admit it, but she loved to listen to his voice. No, she didn't care for what he said half of the time, but his voice calmed her. She loved its tone and how innocent it sounded. "I-I…c-can't," she stated.
Steve picked up a photo of Toni in which she was smirking at the camera. He remembered that smile; at first, he couldn't stand it, but it had grown on him. He loved how confident she was, how sure she was. He loved that she knew how to handle herself, even if she made him worried. "How can you be the same Toni?" He felt himself relax, and that was when something popped out at him.
"To be Mr. Gumpy Pants?" She asked, putting all her weight on him (not that she weighted much). With a grin, she was plastered to his left arm, not letting go for anything. "You're stuck with me."
Steve felt his heart drop, as Toni should be here! She wasn't due for Malibu until for another week to run Stark Industries while Pepper was on that month long vacation. Did she leave early? No, that didn't make sense not without telling him…granted he went radio silent for the last few weeks. "Where is she?" he asked, his tone changing.
"You can't give it to me now, but when you get back to the future, you can give me what I want."
She shot him a glare. "Don't think that you know me, because you don't." She hated when people thought they knew her, because no one knew her. No one at all.
Toni glared at him as she saw him reached for her. It took her a few seconds to figure out that he was going after her bag, which annoyed her as well. She didn't need him to carry her bag, but she didn't fight him when he took it from her. "I can take care of myself."
look good in a mini skirt. Trust me on that. And my bed side matter is horrible—like atrocious. No one in their right mind would want me as their nurse. I'll totally make it worst."
Giving him a smile, she responded, "Now, I don't give autographs this early in the morning, especially without five cups of coffee." She paused for a second. "Make that six. Totally not a morning person…Or afternoon person."
"Toni," Rogers called, still Struggling. "Toni."
"Then let's go. Hop to it," she said, patting him on his arm, as she pushed off his slightly.
That sentence gave Steve a pause, making his mind skip a beat, and for what seemed normal for Toni, she had left his speechless. She filled him with warmth. "Toni." This time the lethargic genius did not reply, as she was fast sleep against him, snoring lightly- something that he would have to tease her about later. A smile broke across his face, making his angry mood disappear. She could make any day better without trying, and the word 'home' echoed in his ear, which just made him smile more. "You're my home, too. More than you will ever know."
Maya took a step forward, closing the distance between them. She was almost touching Toni, while the expression on her face changed slightly. "You still hadn't forgotten about that, have you?"
Rogers walks over to the work desk and stands in front of him. "I know that's bull, as I spoke to Pepper."
Again, Toni just stared as Bruce stepped out of the lab and disappeared up the stairs. And again, Steve had that goofy expression on his face as he pushed off the door. "Steve."
"Rogers!" Natasha yelled.
Shaking her head, she stepped into the debriefing room. The room was filled with Soldiers, and most of them were circled around a table with a map. Rogers was pointing to something, but it wasn't what he was pointing at that caught her eyes. It was his uniform, and how good he looked…
Narrowing his eyes, Steve pushed off the wall of the Quinnjet and turned to Natasha. "Is everything okay?" he asked, as fear creeped into his mind. There could only be one reason why Rhodes was calling: Toni.
, and no one was safe from his anger. He had lost count to how any people he had snapped at for merely walking by and the many pointed looks Natasha had given him. He knew he should calm down as they wouldn't find Toni if they didn't. However, that was harder said than done. His anger was getting the better of him, because he couldn't understand how SHIELD—Yes, SHIELD—couldn't find
The exhausted genius didn't know when she started to hear these voices—No, not voices—just one. She was only hearing the
?" He wasn't allowed to do this to her, not after everything that had happened. His expression softened, falling at the sight of her.
Before Toni could walk into the room, she was pulled into Bruce's awaiting arms. Her arms were pinned against his warm chest with her head tucked under his chin. He kept a firm grasp on her as if he was afraid that she could disappear right in front of him. "Toni," he said, softly. "…Toni, how are you here?"
Toni couldn't help but wonder if he was going this slowly just to kill her. She arched into him as he found a spot on her neck and sucked. Not that she wanted to, she was unable to stop the groan from escaping her lips as his right hand travel from her back to her chest and flickered his thumb over her nipple. "Oh, God, Steve," she moaned loudly. He smiled against her skin as he continued to caress her soft—even with the scars—skin. "H-hate to stop this…b-but c-can't we take this to the bed room. Bed sex is so m-much better for the b-back." She moaned again as his lips traveled to her collar bone, while one of his hand dipped into her pants.
Same Copy right apply. Do not own Marvel. Don't sue me.
After a long kiss, he pulled away, but he didn't move far; instead, he rested his forehead against hers. "Don't leave. I need you," he said after a few seconds. He kissed her again, and with this kiss, he wanted to explore.
Toni couldn't deny that. It was true. It was all true. Maybe, that was why she felt so guilty. Maybe, that was why she was seeing him everywhere. It could be the lack of sleep, but she was drowning each time she tried.
He doesn't need to see Steve and Bucky to know that there's panic on their faces. "W-What are you talking about?" Steve asks, shaky. His tone is very unSteve like, and it almost makes Tony do a doubt take. Barnes, on the other hand, is extremely silent and standing very stiff, almost like he is a statue.
Tony glances at the two from the corner of his eyes, reading their stoic forms. James and Steve are two different people, and that's perfectly clear. Steve's emotions are written over all his face; he's worried and tired, but yet, there's relief on his face as he looks at Tony. Bucky, on the hold hand, is stiff and closed off, and he's angrier more than anything else. He looks like he's ready to pounce on someone, and that look alone can scare small children—though he can do that to pretty much anybody.
"No," she said.
"That's it! Barton sleeps outside tonight, and if he get struck by lightning, so be it," the Robotic Voice of Iron Man said as the door opened. The Iron Man Suit was dripping wet as Toni stepped into the room. "On the-"
"We're all worry about her."
Barnes raised his hand up as if in self-dense. "Geez, relax." He paused. "Let's talk about something else."
Things were in the crapper. Between getting out smarted—something that would never happen again- and the attack on Fury, something was in the works, a secret plan was kicked off. It didn't take a genius to know that something was up. However, it could've just been a random attack, as there was no doubt that the Director of Shield was the target of multiple assassinations though any given month. She assumed it was something he checked on his daily list.
He cocked his head to the side. "How many signs do you need? How many bruises do you need?"
The drawing, almost completed, had an angry line drawn through it, caused by him throwing his pencil down. The tower was missing the name Stark that the real tower had, but the sketch had a shadow in one of the top windows that he envisioned Toni to be standing at looking over the city. He could see a smile on her face, happy at her work. She was always happy at her work.
Tony gets up, but before he can take a step, he notices an Avenger on the steps eyeing him. Wanda Maximoff—God, that woman likes the color red- is perfectly still, and it's a scary sight to see her eyeing him. He isn't sure how long she has been standing there, though he feels uncomfortable at any amount of time. "How can I help you, Ms. Maximoff?" he asks with a hint of fake charm.
Rollins glanced at her, his eyes dropping to the now forming bruise on her cheek. "Silence, good."
"C'mon, just look at these eyes," he replied within an inch of her face. He still hadn't let go of her wrist.
The archer turned to Captain, glaring at the broken man. "No, you don't-"
"Sure, we can," she answered, as she tried to think of some ways that she could get his confidence up. She couldn't get over how different he was from the present day Rogers. "Let me think of something I can be." She stood up and put her hand to her head to think. "I got it. You really?"
I hope you like this Chapter. Leave me reviews, even if I am a horrible Author.
Barnes tilted his head to the side, his eyes scanning her entire body. He looked different from the last time Toni had seen him, though just as cruel as ever. This time, he wore black from the neck down, almost like he was about to go on a cover ops mission. "You haven't been punished yet."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Where did you get it?" Natasha asked-more like demanded. The Black Widow looked anything accept friendly at that moment. Her expression was flat and calculating, almost like she was staring through him. In her hand, she held the flash drive that Fury had entrusted to Steve, and she had no interest in giving it back.
Steve's jaw was firm in place, and it took everything he had not to hold her tighter. It took everything he had not to run away with her, keeping her hidden—but safe from everything. "Yes," he finally said after a few long seconds.
He smiled at the use of his first name. "At least, I'll always know when you're mad at me by the use of my last name."
Though the child genius needed special care, it wasn't fair that was all she got. She was treated with gloves and wasn't even allowed to have fun when she was a child as her father didn't deemed it necessary. He felt it would do more harm than good, but he was wrong. She wished could tell him that, but she was never able to. She was a chicken when it came to speaking her mind to her father.
Steve narrowed his eyes at Clint, refusing to think along those lines. He didn't want to believe that Toni's guilt was so strong that she would resort to drugs. "JARVIS, what's Toni doing? And where is she exactly?" He asked. He didn't care where she was or what she was going. He was going to find her and bring her back.
Rumlow and Pierce gave him a look before turning to each other and whispering to the other. They were attempting to keep their words to themselves, but being enhanced, the Asset heard every word. They planned to break Toni, to bend her to their will by any means necessary besides reconditioning as they feared that would break the genius's mind, which they wanted more than anything. The Asset, their weapon and tool, did not like the idea of turning her into a tool like him, but if it kept her near, he would do anything. She called to him on the DNA level, and he would not lose her.
Peggy looked like she was hit by a train. "I'll get Howard on the line, he'll know what to do."
"Toni, are you okay?" Rogers took a few steps toward her.
SO please let me know what you think.
With a shaky hand, Toni reached forward, grabbing his arm. Steve could feel how cold and shaky she was, and it only worried him more. "Toni," he uttered again as she lifted his arm up. Steve eyed her as she held it up and ducked under it. Once she was flat against his chest, she dropped his arm and pressed her face into his chest. "Toni," he uttered again, wrapping his arms around her.
"Trying to drink…though she could be messing with me," Barnes said, teasing. A bright smile was present on his face.
alone," she snapped, turning to storm away.
Let me know what you think. :)
He stepped forward, wanting to get closer to her. He wanted to feel her presence, but with the pour down rain, it was difficult to get close without her noticing, as his foot kept slipping in the mud, making it hard to get a footing. Thanks to the heavy rain, the ground was unstable, and it was getting worse with each passing second. He had to readjust himself every few seconds to avoid falling, but on the plus side, the rain had washed most of the blood off, leaving only a darken spec here or there on his wet uniform.
Bruce's eyes opened. "She needs a power source just like I do."
"You're one hard headed dame, aren't you?" he teased as he let go of her.
And this last fight made her wonder how close she was to losing the Super Soldier. After everything that happened, was he getting close to his breaking point? Because she would be if she was in his shoes. She had said things, acted like a total bitch, and didn't care who she hurt as she spouted off. Why did he want to be in a relationship with her? Most people ran from people like her, which was what Pepper did and that hurt like a bitch. So, she expected Steve to bolt, and she wouldn't blame him, considering she destroyed everything she touched.
Don't kill me! As you read this, just keep Captain America: Winter Soldier in your minds.
"That might be helpful," Bruce stated.
Toni felt like she was on fire when she awoke. Her heart called for Steve as her soul cried, recalling the previous nightmare. She could never forget Barnes' face, drilling into like two lasers. Everything felt like she was being burn live. She was set a flame in the pit of hell, feeling like her insides was in a state of protest. God, she could feel the tears run down her face as she recalled Barnes's nasty words. All she wanted to do was hide in Steve's arms… if he still wanted her. All she could see was Steve standing next to Barnes, wishing for her death as if she was the devil himself.
"Oh, hush it," she said, her face turning red, as she caught a few heads, turning to them.
"Really?" He eyed her not believing her. "How's the device going? Besides the fact that it keeps sucking the power from the building, it does appear to be functioning." He paused. "Maybe, that's the point? However, wouldn't you consider that a weapon? I thought you opposed making weapons, Sark." His friendly tone changed.
Toni smiled. "Wouldn't you like to know!" she laughed as she eyed the cards in everyone's hands. Pokers had been one of few fun things she had picked up from the boarding school that her father sent her. It had been how she had interacted with the other students, even if she didn't make any friends playing it.
, he's too damn old for childish shit. Two, there's the fact that he would look like a fool if they find out, and since he prides himself in not looking like an idiot, he will do anything to prevent it.
Help me! Help me!" Savin said, mocking the young boy in his hands. There was a nasty grin on his face as he held on to the boy tightly.
"Guys? This isn't funny," she asked, her throat still burned. The pain almost overtook her. She really needed another dose of medication. She pulled at the handcuffed, but it didn't do anything, and it was stupid to think it would. However, that really didn't stop her as she pulled harder.
Phillips let out a sigh as he took a step back. "I didn't mean to upset you. My mouth got the better of me." He looked at her before he glanced over to Howard, giving him a look. She didn't say anything, as she stared between them. "We'll get her. As we speak, the Howling Commandos are hunting her down. They'll find that female Commander."
Toni took a step back and turned to face the wall because she didn't want to talk about this subject with Loki. Granted having sex with a god (not that Loki could really be called a god) would be quite an experience, she would not to sleep with a mass murderer. "I doubt Thor sent you back to talk to me about your sex life and his choice in a girlfriend."
she yelled at herself. She shouldn't have allowed herself to get close. She shook her head, because she couldn't go there. If she did, she would go crazy. She also didn't like chasing after Rogers, who walked way too fast. She couldn't keep up with him when he did his angry walk.
Shaking his head, Steve turned to a man who had stepped out of one of the vehicles and was walking toward him. He looked like a man who had seen a great deal of things and deserved respect, but Steve wasn't sure if he wanted to give that to him just yet. He looked like one of those men from the fake room.
Pepper felt her heart drop, looking at Steve, who looked completely defeated. "Steve, don't go. Not like this. Let's all calm down before we self-destruct."
However, she didn't even take a step before Phillips grabbed her arm, stopping her. She yanked her arm, trying to break his grasp. "Let go," she demanded loudly, drawing the attention of Howard and Peggy.
, but these tags struck her heart. "Thanks," she said, staring at Bucky's tag. Though she was grateful to have something to remember him by, she wasn't sure if she had a right to wear it. She let him die, just like she allowed Steve to go down. She closed her eyes, remembering the last conversions that she had with both of them. Would Steve still call her special? Would Bucky still tell her that he would come back to her? She wasn't sure, and she couldn't blame them.
Toni eyed the IVs in her arm as she quickly buttoned up her shirt to cover the reactor, though it didn't block the glow. She had an urge to pull out all of the IVs, but she didn't want a lecture which she would get. There was some kind of fluids running through the clear tubing and it had to be important.
Natasha waved at Toni, rolling her eyes. "Okay, enough of this. We got to get going. Now hands of my car."
"Did he get anywhere with it?"
Steve just stared at her for a few seconds before uttering, "I –what?"
Toni waved him off. "I am peachy." She winked in pain again as she turned from him. "Why don't you get your team together?" she said, trying not to snap; however, her tone was pretty clear. She blamed it on the pain. Rogers looked like he wanted to say something, but he just walked away. Peggy followed him for a few steps before she turned back to Toni. Most of the room had cleared with him.
Chains were rattling as the punching bag was swing back and forth in the air. It was swinging so violently that it was almost flying off the hook, but somehow the old rangy bag stayed on the hook with each punch, though it was even more surprising that the worn bag was in one piece. The bag had seen better days, just like the rest of the bags in this room, as each had taken a rough beating.
"Just say it already," Toni said, preparing for the worst. There was a part of her that wondered what would happen if her father knew the truth.
With a heavy sigh, Toni leaned against the wall, completely focused on her tablet and her suit. On the tablet was the damage report for the Iron Man suit. If she was at her lab, she could get it fixed up in no time, but she was not at her lab. She was in freaken D.C., the lands of idiots. It would take her longer to fix it, needing to hunt everything down, which wasn't ideal, but she had no choice. She doubted they were leaving D.C. anytime soon thanks to that metal armed assassin. She supposed she couldn't blame that on Steve, as she wanted to find out who this person was as well. It was going to be one of those things that would bug her until she solved it.
"Yes, I agree."
His facial expression morphed as Toni called him Cowboy. "I don't think I look like a Cowboy."
"No, it's perfect, Stark," he replied. "No one knows what we need more than we do." He placed a kiss to her wet head, keeping her in his arms. He could feel her try to wiggle out his arms, but he refused to let up. He knew letting her go would be the worst thing that he could do, because that was when she did her worst thinking. It was what drew her out, alone in Central Park during the middle of the night. "And I know you need this."
It came rushing back to him in the shower after he had rinsed the soap off his body, and it had almost knocked him flat on his ass. With his hands pressed firmly against the cold tile of the bathrooms and his head down, he held himself up as the water pounded his back. He remained like that for what seemed like hours, and it was surprising that there was still hot water. If this was his apartment, the water would have turned ice cold a while ago, but he supposed Toni would have the best water heater there was in her buildings.
Clint took a step forward. "Why don't you say what you want to say
Toni found herself twitching again. Did he always think about sex? He was worse than she was, and that was saying something. "Yea, because I so want to have sex tied to this hard ass chair," she said, coldly.
He asked himself, annoyed.
"Should I be scared?" Howard replied.
Even with his mood, a smile cracked on his face. "You make it hard to-"
In her surprise, water surged into her mouth and down her throat. When they pulled her up, she coughed up water and…blood, but before she could gather her breath, they forced her head down again and again. There was no stopping them and Toni lost count of how many times they had dunked her. She struggled, trying to break their grip, but they were too strong. She put her arms out to push against the sides of the tub, but she wasn't strong enough. They dunk her each time without any trouble.
Barnes grabbed her and pulled her to him, holding her close. "As we may not see each other, I want to-"
Clint was still in his Agent Barton mood, dressed in his Hawkeye gear minus the bow. He was covered head to toe in dirt and sweat. He looked totally exhausted, but he still sported a smile. "Which is?" he asked.
Zola's face popped onto a different monitor with a wicked grin. "As I was saying—"
He couldn't help but laugh as he placed a hand under her legs and picked her up, holding her bride style. "Well, of course," he replied, as she rested her head against his shoulder. "But I require payment."
"I don't know if I like that," Barnes muttered. "Give me something else."
"I don't want to fight with you."
"Geez, Toni," he muttered as she had him on the defensive. She was throwing punches and kicks like there was no tomorrow. "Good to know all of these lessons are working out well." Toni let out a chuckle as she swung again, but Barnes caught this one. She tried to pull away, but she couldn't break his grip. "Gotcha."
*O*O*
"What are you talking about?"
Natasha gave Rumlow a cold look, stopping him in his tracks. "Don't, Rumlow. You won't win this fight, and I have to admit that I'm worried about Stark myself," she said. "Besides, it will be worth checking on her as we don't want an insane Iron Man."
Toni leaned back and stared at her broken arm. Why did she care what others thought of her? It didn't change who she was or what she was able to do. She was still Toni Stark, one of the greatest minds on the planet and she would be damn if she let others define her….But you do! She argued with herself. There were a select few people could make herself feel like an idiot.
"I told JARVIS not to. I'm fine. Not infant."
"We don't have time for this," she stated as she tried to ignore what she was feeling. She didn't need more guilt as it was already threatening to take her over. She also tried to tell herself that she didn't care about Rogers' feelings. Why would she care about his feelings? He was an ass, who was warmed and caring.
"No! Only man that I approve of, and let me tell you, I have high standards for any child of mine."
"Star..."
Steve took a deep breath as he closed his eyes. "I know." He kept his eyes closed for a few seconds before he glanced back down at her.
*O*O*
She really really hated that name, more so than Sark.
Toni snorted, because she hated the easy way. She liked making things difficult. "If you knew me, you would understand. I won't tell you anything and your male chauvinist ways won't help you, asshole." She didn't know what he was looking for, but she knew she wasn't going to give him anything.
Taking a deep breath, she turned back to the device. "What if I give this thing more power? The lack of power must be the reason why it isn't working. Everything should be working." She had to yell for JARVIS to hear her.
"Toni," Dugan called, putting his cane back in front of him.
"No," she stated firmly.
Howard laughed. "Well, if Toni gave me a clue."
For a while, Toni just laid there as she stared at the ceiling mindlessly, not paying attention to anything besides the dirty ceiling. The only thing in her mind was the cool breeze of air hitting her, reminding her that she was still alive. When she was in the coma, she had thought she was dead and had gone to hell, which was where she thought she belonged. She had sat back and allowed two people she cared about to die or be hurt. She allowed everyone to suffer, because she did nothing. She did nothing when Rogers came to her in tears, sobbing over the death of his best friend. She was the reason why he was hurting
As she turned to leave, she noticed her stalker again, and this time he was smiling and waving at her. How dare he smile at her like that!? "He's a horrible tail," she muttered as she started to walk after him. Maybe, she could get him in a trap. "Though the question is why he's so horrible?" she asked herself. Tails weren't supposed to be noticed, and if Colonel Salty had ordered someone to follow her, why would they want her to know? Was it an attempted to fool her? Maybe, he wasn't the real tail. Then what was he?
"Mom, I need to call you back, something magical is happening."
She only made it half way, before she sunk to her knees as her legs couldn't carry her anymore. She couldn't even feel her feet or fingertips anymore. Even with the warmth of the lab, she was still freezing and she couldn't stop the shivers no matter what she tried.
"What the hell!?" Steve yelled, his voice echoing. There was a slight panic in his voice.
If you ask him, Tony will tell you exactly what love is: a curse. It really is, because it takes over every part of your life and refuses to let go. It controls every part of you, not letting you to think for yourself, and if you try to fight it, it only causes pain and destruction. That's what happened to his late relationship. Sure, he
"If there was a home for me to go to, I wouldn't be asking for a homeless shelter," she replied. She held the bag, with her belongs, tight in discomfort. And there was pity in his eyes, which was something she really didn't want. It almost made her want to punch him.
Phillips took a deep breath as he shook his head. "Come with me. Let's give Agent Carter some space," he said. "We could use that brain of yours to decipher this shit."
He eyed the bed, wondering if he should try to sleep. There was a chance that he could dream of Toni. Sometimes, the dreams were of the desires he had, but lately, they were just painful memories. Each and every time, they woke him up in a cold sweat and he couldn't get back to sleep once he had them; however, they were insightful. Though it annoyed him that she was messing with the timeline, he enjoyed them, because it was a chance to see her. Maybe, he would learn what the hell had happened to her, though he might not like what he learned. She could be dead…or she could be alive and these memories could be the key that they needed to her get her home.
"You know, you two fight like an old married couple," Barnes stated as he took a drink.
What brings Tony back to the tower is seeing both Barnes and Rogers injured on the news. He doesn't like the idea of both of the Super Soldier hurt no matter how big or small the injuries are. He doesn't like that Rogers in covered in blood (thought he has no idea of who the blood belongs to), and he hates the idea of Barnes holding his metal arm close to his chest as if he can't move it. He doesn't like that he doesn't know what's going on with them. He doesn't like that he has no idea how badly hurt they are.
"A scary pirate," she replied. "And it is not an admittance of anything."
Did someone turn up the temperature? Someone must've turned the heat up, as it felt like it was burning in this room all of the sudden. She felt like she was in hell. Her hands felt wet and sticky as she balled them at her side. Her breaths were shadowed and uneven, and she found herself struggling to breathe. Toni felt herself fall back down on the couch as the room started to spin. She tried to catch her breath before anyone noticed her small panic…not that this was a panic attack. This was nothing. Just her thinking. Overthinking like she always did. That was all it was. Toni did not have pan-
He closed the distance even more, moving within inches from her. It was kissing distance, but he didn't say or do anything besides looking into her eyes.
Rogers stopped in front a building, which she assumed was his apartment. "I was. I was worried that you weren't alive as I didn't think anyone could survive that. So I'm glad that I ran into you, because I couldn't get you out of my mind."
Urgh, why did I ask that? Since she was so smart, she should've guessed that he was going go ask that. Now, how was she going to response to that? There was really nothing she could say without looking crazy. "I don't know," she stated, saying the first thing off her mind.
*O*O*
*O*O*
Getting as close to the ground as she could, she cut out a small hole in the fence, just big enough for her to squeeze through. "Urgh," she uttered as she dragged herself through the sticky mud. She could feel the mud and leaves stick to her and feel the bugs crawling on her skin. Even though she wasn't a girly girl, she was never a fan of bugs, and right now, there was a spider on her face. She was fighting the urge to scream and freak out.
"If I can sneak into Stark Industries, I think I can sneak out of this base," Toni said with a smile. "And I have my trusty guns." She padded her guns.
Even with her hands resting on her bent knees, it was shocking that she could remain on her feet, as everything just wanted to bend under her weight. Trying to slow her beating heart, Toni forced herself to take a few deep breaths. One, In. Out. Two, In. Out. Focusing on nothing else besides breathing, she counted, as she tried to get her heartbeat down. Her heart was racing, heart attack levels. She should be dropping dead with her body betraying her like it was; it took all that she had to keep up right. Every limb felt like jello; plus, it felt like something was on her chest. It felt-
Peggy looked between the three of them, just observing the three of them as they talked. It was clear that she was scrutinizing and analyzing every word that they were saying.
With this chapter, I wanted to show some Avengers movie action, but I didn't want to do the whole Avenger movie. I hope you enjoyed it.
Taking out the phone-turned scanner, she flipped through different security feeds, trying to figure out the best way to go.
Toni, who had no interest of making this easy, stuck her arm outs and took a few steps toward Peggy as if to allow her to handcuff her. Peggy eyed her, clearly not buying how easy Toni stuck her arms out, but she still proceeded to handcuff her. Toni winked as Peggy slapped the handcuff down on her left hand, but when she tried to do the same with the right, Toni yanked back her left arm startling Peggy, who stumbled forward. Using this for her advantage, she swung at Peggy's face.
"Noisy, are we?" Barnes asked, leaning against the bathroom door. He had a toothbrush in his mouth.
Old Salty had said something to the sassy Agent, but Toni wasn't paying attention. At this moment, anything that came out of Peggy's mouth annoyed her. However, it did make her laugh, because somehow, she was friends with Rogers and 'enemies' with Peggy, when it was the opposite in the future. What was going on to make her consider Rogers a friend over Peggy?
two." His smile is so large that planes can land on it, and Tony just wants to sock him. He's sure that he's not alone. If looks can kill, Clint would be dead, as Natasha is giving him a nasty look. "He doesn't like it when others cuddling with the genius.
"Do you want to know him?" the Agent asked, softly.
"Howard."
Toni had said it before, and she would say it again: heels were the play thing of the devil. Whoever created heels was the devil, and he or she deserved death…though he or she was probably dead already. Toni only lasted a few hours in heels the first day before she switched to a pair of converse, which she wore daily. She knew Pepper would kill her if she was here to see her in the improper foot wear, and Toni got some pleasure knowing that Pepper would be throwing a fit if she saw. She could and would smile at that.
She looked at him, sensing that he wanted to say something else. "What did you expect?"
Rhodes takes a deep breath as he puts a firm hand on both of Tony's shoulders. "You can't hide in here forever, Tones," he says, softly. "I don't know what happened between the three of you, but you can't live in your misery. So get your ass out of that chair, and get upstairs or else." Tony opens his mouth to respond, but before he can, Rhodey adds, "And yes, I will cuddle with you."
Toni didn't know what they meant by a Share Crop, but it had to be an insult, if she was to judge by the looks. There were so many looks that it drove her up the wall. Why didn't Peggy get all of these looks? Why was it just her? Peggy was a woman too, though she didn't act like her which was what the asshole had told her. Guys thought she was promiscuous, a tease, and that angered her, even if it wasn't entirely false. She had slept with a fair number of guys, but she wasn't a slut. She was just a woman, who was proud of her sexuality. She was proud of who she was, even if some thought she was promiscuous. What did it matter who she slept with? Why did it matter to anyone? She wasn't hurting anyone. It was her own damn body. She really hated this time, because a woman couldn't do anything without being called a slut. If a woman wasn't married by now, she must be a lesbian or a failure as a woman.
Natasha took a step forward, her eyes large as something dawned on her. "What about Stark?" She demanded. "And does this have anything to do with the drive?"
in the side. Without a doubt, there would be a mark the next morning in that spot. "Look." It was a harsh order, and her tone was anything but friendly.
After the man's dead, the Asset turned to leave, but as he stepped away, something caught his eyes. There was something sticking out of the dead man's coat, and the Asset couldn't help his growing, forbidden curiosity. He knew he would be punished for it, as curiosity wasn't allowed. It was forbidden, punishable, as it created questions, and questions were wrong. He was broking the rules by taking the items from the man's coat. However, he couldn't help it.
"You have broken and entered into a highly classified division of a company, contracted by the US Government
"Besides," Jones started, "we didn't see any device. There were some metals shards on the ground, but that could be from anything."
"Shit," she uttered, knowing that frisky grin from anywhere. Steve had a playful side—a very playful side, and she seemed to have found this morning. Seeing him making his way toward her, Toni waved at him before taking off in the other direction. In a game of cat and mouse—a game that Toni had no way of winning-, Steve chased her. In his tiny apartment, there wasn't many places that she could hide or go, but that didn't mean she didn't try. With no grace, she climbed over the sofa. "Shit," she cursed, almost landing face first, as she tripped over her own feet.
"Shall I put in a call to Captain Rogers?"
Though Toni was up and walking, she still tired easily as she hadn't fully recovered. Lying there on the ground in a pile of guns, she felt exhausted, and there was no chance that she could run for it. From the corner of her eyes, she glanced at the guns, wondering if they were loaded, but she knew the likelihood was low. Guns in the armory were never loaded for safety reasons, though the bullets weren't stored too far away. If only she had been knocked into the table filled with HYDRA weapons which didn't need bullets.
As it was unclear to how long she was in the cell, she was glad to take a shower. She felt so dirty and disgusting, and she hated feeling like that. Unlike a regular woman, she didn't care if she took a shower every day; however, she refused to be dirty and smelly.
"Just do, Corporal."
"To tell you we're waiting until the rain stops before we start."
People needed to stop looking at her as if she was going to kill herself. Yes, once and awhile she had those negative thoughts, but she would never kill herself. "It isn't like that," she muttered. "And I'm going."
"War shouldn't be fun."
"I love that one too," Steve said as he wrapped his arms around Toni's waist and pulled her back into him.
With a few deep breaths and shaky hands, Toni turned away, but she wasn't the only thing to move. The shadow in the corner of the window moved yet
The man gave her a once over, studying the expression on her face. "You don't seem like a running type ether."
Peggy looked at her for a second before turning to Howard. "You quite finished, Mr. Stark? I'm sure the Captain has some unfinished business?"
"You're so a Stark." He let out a sighing laugh as he shook his head.
be concerned, but she couldn't find it in her to care—not now. With the needle inches to her neck, she just wanted to punch someone. Granted, she wanted to punch everyone in the face at the moment, and her discomfort wasn't helping matters. "That don't you suck?"
Dugan laughed. "She does have a point," he said.
Steve laughed, knowing to what she was referring to, but, now was not the time for that, even though his pants were suddenly extremely tight. He needed to get Toni to bed, seeing the exhaustion in her eyes. He could see how tired she was. She needed to sleep, more than she needed sex. "No, I am not."
Okay, Toni knew they were right, but it was bugging her. There was no way that her device was destroyed on impact, granted she couldn't be 100%. She was using a different power source the last time, and there was no telling what that cube could do, but still. Something was off! She could feel it in her bones. "He'll be fine!" She replied, waving them off.
Forcing out the angry voice of Barnes, she shook her head violently, as she harshly kicked Roger's door. Not feeling better, she kicked it again. She thought about knocking on his door, but she doubted that the man would be home, not with his work ethic. People thought she locked herself in her lab too much, working herself into exhaustion, but Steve had her beat… although, he was a super soldier. But that was beside the point. He worked himself harder than she did. This was why he was in the DC all the time, but Toni couldn't be angry at a man who was trying to save the hero, could she? Would that make her a horrible person? Wasn't that why she was mad at Pepper?
At first, Steve didn't realized that he had turned the water up even higher, and the water almost burnt his skin. "Relax," he told himself as he turned the water back down to normal levels. However, the memories started flashed before him.
"Fuck," Toni cursed, not taking her eyes off Peggy, who hadn't move from her spot on the ground. It pulled at her heart strings and it also made her feel like shit. She could stop Peggy's pain if she just told her the truth, and it was hard not to. Why purpose would it serve to keep quiet?
*O*O*
Loki stepped even closer and reached for her face. "I can be very helpful. Just let me-"
Her eye's brow rises as she eyes him. "So you heard that?"
*0*0*
Natasha sighed again. "Impossible," she repeated, stepping to the genius. She placed a hand on Toni's shoulder and squeezed. "But it's good to have you back. Don't do that to us again."
"Why is that?" he asked, sounding hurt.
Steve inhaled slowly. He wasn't sure if it was the altered memories that were doing this to him or what, but he couldn't let anything happen to her, even if Toni couldn't understand why he was doing so. As Steve felt himself drift, he thought about how much he hated time travel.
The larger man took off hat and bowed to her. "The name's Timothy Dugan, but call me Dum Dum." He waved his hat for a second before putting it back on his head. "It's a pleasure."
"Don-" Her throat burned. Maybe, she should just shut-up, because she was just hurting herself now. Plus, the lack of air in her lungs cut off her ability to speak.
"We knew about the Device that she was working on and it was clear that the person who stole the weapons," he said slowly, unsure if he should use that word, "knew as well. Her unnamed Device worked through a wave, and we had a device that could have interrupted that." He wasn't going to go into detail about the device.
Using the radio frequency on her homemade scanner, she created a wireless link between the control system and her scanner, so she could tap the security feed while not in the room. As the footsteps were getting louder, she disguised the fact that the system was hacked, but she knew Howard would be able to figure it out in no time, however, that would be after she was gone.
His smile took up half of his face. "So you agree?"
Toni had no interest in reliving that terror, even if keeping it inside hurt even more. "Why don't you finish what you were telling me, Cap."
Before anyone could respond or interject, Loki was gone as Thor (if Steve recalled correctly) took him from the ship with little issue. It amazed Steve how easily Thor was able to grab his brother from a moving aircraft, and it took him a few seconds for him to comprehend that it happened. It was a hard adjustment for him, to know that there were beings like that in existence.
Toni could feel his glare on her back as she struggled. Her bruised body felt like it was on fire each time he forced her to move, and to make matters worse, she was having a hard time breathing. She didn't know if one of her ribs was broken, but it hurt. She hoped Rogers would sock him one for her, because she knew she would break her hand if she tried.
It irritated her that everyone thought Rogers was the one that needed to be protected. What was she? Chop liver? It annoyed her so badly, but she needed to let it go. This wasn't her time and she didn't belong here.
Steve exhaled as he stared at the center fold of the magazine. The picture was of Toni, but she wasn't in one of her suits; instead, she was in a simple pink bikini that left nothing to the imagination, even the arc reactor was visible. Her pose was seductive; Toni was laid out on a white chaise lounge (Steve was surprise he knew what that was called). One arm was draped across her stomach, while the other one laid above her head. One leg was out stretched while the other one was bend up. She had a look in her eyes that could draw anyone in, including Captain America.
Gary was the oddest man that Toni had ever met, and she had met a lot of people…She was counting Loki in this, even if she couldn't really compare the two. Gary wasn't insane or murderous like Thor's adopted brother, whose master plan with her was still a mystery, but that was another story for another time. The cameraman, however, was
Since she met Harley, she hadn't been plagued or haunted by the dancing shadows, but with the boy gone, they seemed like they were back, ready to drive her insane. With her heart beating rapidly, she could see or she thought she could see something sparkle in the shadows, and it stole her breath with each spark. She could feel her heart skip as she pressed her foot hard to the gas petal. With everything coming at her all at once, she wanted to put some distance between them.
"No, c-can't sleep!" she cried, loudly. "P-please."
Fury narrowed his eyes. "I don't consider myself an expert in everything, though there're only a few things I don't know. Really only a few things," he replied, annoyed. "But there was no Toni Sark, who worked with the SSR."
Following in her aunt's footsteps, Sharon was a loyal Shield agent through and through. In a heartbeat, she would lay down her life without hesitation, but this was not her SHIELD, not her Aunt Peggy's SHIELD. Steve was not a traitor.
"Destroy that thing," the Female Hydra Commander ordered, pointing to the device behind Toni. One of the nameless soldiers moved toward the fake hacking device.
In her bag, she had the t-shirt and jeans she came in from the future, and though it did not fit the time, it would keep her warmer than she was. She took out the articles and laid them on the couch. Without taking off the nurse's uniform (an annoying dress), she went to put her jeans, but she didn't know where to begin. She got down on the floor and laid out her jeans in front of her. Using one leg to hold down the pants, she slid the other leg in. After she had one leg in a little bit, she put the other one in. "How am I going to pull them up?" she whispered to herself.
There was hesitation in her step as he turned down an alleyway; however, she was never one to turn away scared. Walking toward the alley, she tried to ignore her rapidly beating heart, but she was failing; however, she didn't stop, because she didn't play chicken. As she entered the alleyway, she wished her smart phone was working so she could use it as a light, but instead, she just played with it in her pocket. As she walked, the noises of the city begin to die down. It made her wonder if someone would be able to hear her screams if she were to scream. "Relax, Stark," she muttered to herself. "Stop thinking like that. Nothing's going to happen."
"Quit pouting." Bucky says.
Tony rolls his eyes and sighs. "Look, I know, you're a big brave king and you don't need protection; I get it. But drop the attitude,
"Well, I've been told I'm the best knight this side of New York, but I guess everyone has their own opinions." The man, Tony, said.
"Sure, anything." Tony says.
has been through far too much to be betrayed. Tony, for what it's worth, seems like a good man, and loathe as Steve is to admit, they appear to be
Tony leads the herd of knights through the gates and Steve approaches him excitedly.
-----
For example, whoever the fuck keeps launching seemingly unwarranted attacks on New York. There has to be a source, he knows, everything has a source. They haven't had any fatalities yet, thank God, but a fair share of people are injured and multiple buildings have been burned right to the ground. It's painful for Steve to see his people struggling, and not being able to help in the ways he wants is killing him. He wants to find whoever's responsible for this, and wipe them out. Steve isn't the murdering sort, but this person won't come out the other side unscathed if he has anything to say about it.
