There might be more, but there definitely weren’t a lot. It’s not like he expected as many queer people as straight people on TV. The majority of society was heterosexual, that was fine. Proportional representation would be nice though, something on a TV that was more of a reflection of real life.
where they had to cut a metal cock ring off some guy’s swollen dick and, just no, no, thank you, not worth it. Sure, the metal looks classier than a silicone one, but I do not want a circular saw near my dick if things go awry!”
Anyway, Cas had sounded happy to hear from him. Dean told him about how awkward it had gotten when Jo had to act out
“But I’ve put the gang life behind me now. Straightened up and flew right. Became the upstanding member of society you see before you today,” Dean finished with a flourish, gesturing to himself.
before. There were reruns on all the time when we were kids.” Dean said as he put the mince pies and mug on the coffee table and sat back down.
“Like you," Cas clarified quietly, looking away, trying to back pedal before giving in. "You," he admitted. "It could only ever be you."
Dean smiled widely when they got to the bar, not even caring that he could hear strains of another damn Taylor Swift song coming from inside. This was where he got together with Cas. They could play as much terrible pop music as they liked and he’d still love this place. He stood by the Impala for a moment and just watched Cas as he walked up to the door of the bar. Dean had persuaded Cas out of the trench coat for once- well, he’d talked Cas out of the trench coat rather a lot lately, but he’d actually got him to wear something else this time. Cas was in a pair of dark jeans and a green t-shirt looking entirely too cute.
“That is a gross mischaracterisation of the situation! I am not wriggling around,” he said, contradicting himself, as he moved like it was a compulsion. It was a small exploratory movement, like he was trying to calculate the proportions of that erection by how it felt against his stomach. He could feel the entire length of the man’s body against him, hot and hard, the trench coat and Dean’s own t-shirt and thin cotton pyjama pants weren't much of a barrier. Dean’s breath was coming out faster than the brief scuffle warranted. “I- I was subduing you.”
The question represented such a fundamental misunderstanding of gay sex and such ridiculous levels of heteronormativity that Dean couldn’t believe people were still asking it in the twenty-first century. Not just because it was offensive, but because they could just google that shit. There were places to learn about queer sex online that weren’t just porn websites. You could learn stuff from porn too, but, as Charlie had pointed out earlier, it wasn’t necessarily a very realistic portrayal of sex.
A knock cut through the sound of the heavy guitar riff filling the apartment. Dean nodded along to the ‘Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap’ as he went to answer the door. Swinging it wide, he sang “I lead a life of crime,” to the redhead in his doorway.
The sight warmed something in Dean. It didn't feel like there was a stranger sitting in his kitchen. It felt like Cas was someone who should always be there on lazy Sunday mornings, eating his pancakes, drinking his coffee and smiling at him across the counter.
“I'm not! I just want you to be happy.” He looked back at Cas, still stood hesitantly by the car. “You coming or what?”
He had a brief flashback to saying the same thing to Cas when he didn’t remember who he was, when Cas was just some hot guy he wanted to fuck. It was different now. His admiration wasn’t just superficial. He appreciated all the dimensions of Cas. The wisdom and naivety, the solemnity and joy, the never-ending love, the fierce determination to help people, to do good in this world, the laughter that was all the more special for its rarity, the jokes that were rarer still, the patience, the kindness, the closeness he shared only with Dean, his wild passion that was reserved for him alone.  And he was hot, hot didn’t hurt either. But, really, he’d take Cas in any vessel. Or he’d take him without a vessel and just damn well figure out how to be married to Cas in his true form, if that was how he chose to manifest. He’d take wings and a being the size of the Chrysler building made of unfathomable energy as long as Cas was his.
After their talk, Dean felt so much lighter. This thing that he had told himself was inconsequential had been weighing him down more than he had realised. But now the weight was gone, he was free. He could be himself with his brother, he could be himself with his... boyfriend. He was pretty sure he had a boyfriend now and it was awesome.
Cas took off his coat and hung it up on one of the hooks by the door. He was wearing a chunky knit zip-up sweater underneath. It was bright blue with a band of white snowflakes edged in black around the chest.
There’d been a time when Cas had felt pretty crazy. He’d struggled a lot when he first left home. Well, he’d struggled at home too, but he’d done his best to repress his mental health issues just like he repressed everything else then. Cas had thought he’d be fine as soon as he left home. That no longer being around his father would solve all his problems. Turned out his problems were something he carried across the country with him.
The eyeliner made Cas look like he was crying blood, which he didn’t think helped him look any more cheerful. It was sparkly though, so maybe it was the glitter that was meant to make bleeding from your eyes a happy experience. Or maybe Meg just thought people haemorrhaging from their orbital cavities was fun. It was hard to tell with her. And it was Halloween, so he supposed gore was in the spirit of things.
“Now isn’t the time. As much as I enjoy it when you ‘role play’,” the man said, giving a little quirk of his fingers, which Dean thought was him attempting to do air quotes with bound hands. “You really should be resting.”
Dean chuckled and moved forward to rest his forehead against Cas's. “Always,” he whispered across Cas’s lips. Then shifted to give him a hand up. “Let's go home, there’s a lot more I want to do to you.”
Dean breathed a sigh of relief. Sex was simpler than emotions. Dean knew the two went together when it came to Cas but he couldn’t help focusing on the physical. That was the part he knew how to do. He could make Cas happy in bed, let Cas make him happy, in a way he couldn’t quite manage outside of the bedroom. Dean gave him a quick whiskey flavoured kiss before leading Cas to his room.
“Sam, I need you to come. As soon as you can. I’ll hunt the witch. You need to look after Dean. I can’t-” He didn’t know how to finish that sentence, so he just hung up. Sam would come. He just hoped he would hurry. Cas had to get out of here soon or he was going to smite his own damn husband.
“Your brother just left you there?” Dean couldn’t imagine abandoning Sam when they were kids and leaving him to John’s whims.
Cas kissed him, which had the dual benefit of Dean not getting stared at anymore and once again getting to feel Cas’s lips against his own. Dean tried to kiss back harder, but Cas had taken control this time and he kept their kisses slow and gentle, forcing Dean to submit to his tenderness. Cas rolled them over until he was the one on top and ran his hands down Dean’s body while he clutched at Cas’s shoulders. He trailed kisses down Dean’s neck, pausing here and there to nip and suck. Cas lavished attention on Dean’s body, anointing his chest with soft lips and warm touches. Dean’s skin tingled. He buzzed with awareness at every point of contact between them. Dean felt more alive than he ever had before dying. Being with Cas this way, with all the walls that had been between them broken down, was like an awakening. It was all-consuming and glorious. Cas ran his tongue across Dean’s nipple and he keened.
If anyone doesn’t know, Tricia Helfer is the actress who played a cylon on Battlestar Galactica and a ghost on Supernatural. I definitely think Charlie would have a crush on her.
Dean stood in front of his open fridge for a while until he could practically hear Sam’s voice snarking at him for letting all the cold air out. What to make for breakfast? Bacon was a given, but he didn’t know if he wanted scrambled eggs or pancakes to go with the best meat known to man. He tapped his fingers thoughtfully on the top of the fridge door.
The next morning, Cas was sprawled across Dean when he woke, arm slung across his chest and morning wood pressed against his thigh.
Cas hoped Dean would enjoy the museum as much as he did. Or at least not hate it. Cas felt surprisingly anxious as he stood outside SFMOMA waiting. He shouldn’t be this nervous. He’d spent plenty of time with Dean by now. But this was a date, an actual date, and Cas had suggested it.
“Can’t wait, huh? Get in the backseat,” Dean ordered, looking very pleased with himself and opened the door.
Dean snorted, but he was rather partial to hot women who kicked ass too. He watched the chick in the metal bikini as a brunette came over and kissed her on the cheek.
Dean, I’m Dean. Nice to, uh, meet you.” Dean smiled brightly at him. This couldn’t be going that badly if he’d managed to get the guy's name. Just got to keep the conversation flowing. “So, uh, is the teardrop part of your costume?”
“I can taste the sweetness,” Cas told him happily, munching on the toast and definitely getting crumbs in the bed.
“No, that would be wrong.” He paused. “Perhaps rather satisfying but still wrong. I merely made it so he will have a very vivid dream tonight about being attacked for who he loves. He will feel the unfairness of it, see the stupidity of hating where other people love. Hopefully the experience will teach him something about empathy.”
He knew Sam was worried about the court case, no matter how prepared he already was, and the service there really was terrible. They’d finished their food a while ago and there was no sign of the bill. They got up to exchange a round of hugs before Sam and Gabriel left. Cas seemed a little confused by Sam hugging him, though not as confused as Dean felt when Gabriel hugged him.
Maybe they had just been stationed somewhere out of the way. Kept busy so they wouldn’t bother Chuck.
Dean had something else for Cas but he figured he’d give it to him later. He’d brought him a ridiculous pair of boxer shorts with mistletoe on them, because they’d made him smile when he saw them in the store. Sammy had probably been scarred enough by the original mistletoe incident though, so Dean thought he’d spare him the reminder.
Dean’s hand shuttled over his cock and he bit his lip to hold back the sounds that were getting louder and louder. He could feel heat building low in his belly. With Cas’s voice in his ear, saying dirty things, it wasn’t long before Dean came, shooting powerful jets of come over his stomach and up to his chest.
Dean cleared his throat and silently prayed he wasn’t blushing. “Shall we, uh, sit down?” He motioned to a recently vacated leather couch across the room.
Cas looked up at the museum as the fingers of his right hand danced along the back of his left forearm. He tried to think about something other than Dean not turning up, but instead of not worrying, he just found himself worrying about a different topic.
“I’m surprised you recognise it as my work. How long was Alfie showing you pictures of my tattoos the other day?”
It had happened almost every day at first. Cas saw him in the busy corridors at school, the pew in front of his at church, walking down the streets that Cas had walked with him so often. It was like his ghost was haunting all the places they’d been together, all the places Cas still expected to see him but never would again.
Dean was pretty sure the mouthful he had taken was at least eighty percent syrup, but he still liked seeing Cas enjoy his cooking. He dug into his own breakfast a little smugly, savouring the sweetness of the syrup contrasting with the saltiness of the bacon.
“Not that I’m objecting, but I didn’t know you were an exhibitionist, Cas,” Dean teased when they came up for air.
They grabbed rollers, trays and those tarp thingies to cover the furniture. Then spent most of the evening painting. The shade Meg picked was called ‘Arterial Red’. That was a reasonably accurate description, but it didn’t seem like good marketing to Cas to be emphasising the fact that the paint would make your walls look like a crime scene.
“We didn't even realise what he was doing until we were adults. Dad didn't have a kind word to say to either of us, but when Sammy wasn't around, he'd tell me how proud he was of him. He'd say to me, ‘why can't you be smart like your brother?’ But to Sam it'd be all, ‘why is your nose in a book all the time? Why can't you be a real man like your brother?’ Which is hilarious—he definitely wouldn't have thought I was a real man just because I was on the wrestling team instead of the debate team if he'd have known what I was doing with the team captain.”
“Well, Castiel, excuse me if I don’t take your word for this whole thing.” He waved a hand between them, in obvious dismissal of their relationship.
It was such a relief when Bobby had taken them in and it had felt doubly like finding a home when Dean realised the Impala was out back in the old junkyard. It had been there since the accident a couple of years ago. John had sold it to Bobby as scrap,
Cas’s hands slid down to his ass and pulled Dean in. His own hands clutched at Cas’s back, drawing him even closer. Dean relished the feel of his hard body and his hard cock pressing up against him.
“Here, for your turducken, so you can taste it better. It’s the hottest thing in the bunker,” he said.
“Very snugglable,” Dean agreed, taking the opportunity to start stroking Cas’s arm again, just to feel how soft the wool was, of course.
Dean chuckled, low and smug. He didn’t gloat though, just gave Cas what he needed. He picked up the pace of his thrusts and wrapped a firm hand around Castiel’s aching cock and stroked. The pleasure that had been building was a swell of sensation that kept cresting higher, it had built and built all through Dean’s slow teasing and when it finally broke, it felt like a tidal wave, drowning Cas in bliss. He slumped on the bed, feeling boneless, only dimly aware of the wet heat that signalled Dean’s own orgasm following his. Dean groaned and collapsed over him heavily.
Dean wasn’t sure what to do either because wanted to do everything with Cas, he wanted to suck him deep into his throat, to touch him everywhere, he wanted Cas's mouth all over his body, he wanted to beg Cas to let him fuck his ass, maybe he even wanted
Dean was distracted by the thoughts, so he was too slow to stop Cas when he plucked the magazine from Dean’s hands and started flicking through it. Dean watched in horror as Cas turned the magazine sideways to pull out the centrefold. He tilted his head to look at it thoughtfully and then leant over to Dean.
“I know you like things spicy,” Dean said and instantly regretted his phrasing when Sam snickered. He threw a ball of crumpled up wrapping paper at his head.
“Look, if you’re uncomfortable, you don’t have to act like his husband. No renewing your vows or screwing him till you remember, okay? Just be civil. Cas won’t push you for anything.”
Dean carried on because that was what he always did. But he was just going through the motions. He made himself at home in cabin that had appeared in the woods shortly after he got here. It was set a fair distance from where his family lived. It was quiet and private. There was a road leading away from it that he could drive Baby down to go see his folks. So, that was what he did. He saw his family. He saw his old friends. He pretended he was fine, but inside he felt like he was dying. How do you die when you’re already dead?
“I know what sarcasm is, Dean!” He did know dammit. It was just that he had tendency to forget in stressful situations. He couldn’t read human social cues when he was barely holding himself together. It was heart-breaking seeing his husband look at him like he was a stranger, a particularly untrustworthy stranger.
“Mmm hmm,” Sam murmured in a sceptical tone that made Dean want to punch him through the phone. “Look, I don’t have time to play referee between you and your husband right now. Can you just hang tight for a few days? I’m on the witch’s trail. I’m close but if I pull back now, we might lose her.”
“Hey,” Cas said, drawing Dean even closer so his side was resting up against Cas’s chest. Dean leant into him because apparently this was another thing he got to do now, have Cas cradle him in his arms. One of his hands was gripping Dean’s hip while the other stroked soothing circles on his back. “How did your talk with Sam go?”
“Eileen.” The name was little more than a breath. Dean looked over at him and saw a lifetime’s worth of love etched into the expression on Sam’s face, too much feeling and experience to belong to a face so young. “Cancer. Last winter. It was the hardest thing I ever did, being without her.”
“So,” Sam begins, too casual. “Met any nice emergency contacts lately?” Dean very manfully doesn’t spit his mouthful of beer across the grass, but it’s a close thing.
“Yeah,” Sam agreed quietly. He cleared his throat. “So, where to, Dean? That Christmas in Ypsilanti, after the pagan gods? The diner in Nevada, with the burgers, remember? The ones with the . . .”
Dean’s eyes were still closed, so he didn’t see Cas smile, but he felt it in the way skin and muscle move against his fingers, in the displaced air so close to his cheek, in the way it lit him up inside like a firework.
Sam smiles, and he looks ten years younger, glowing under his big brother’s praise. A few minutes pass in companionable silence, and then Sam slants a sideways glance at him. Dean feels his spidey-sense tingle, the way it used to right before one of them did something incredibly stupid and sent all their well-laid plans right out the window.
things - every minute I had was my own. So it wasn’t really about how many minutes I got, Cas. It was about having them at all. You should understand that better than anyone.” Cas looked more human than he ever had, awash in a feeling that overwhelmed his face, that left his eyes broken open like blown glass cooled too quickly.
“The time of the angels is over,” Dean mused slowly. Cas’ eyes darted away, and Dean sat up straighter in his chair. He waited a beat, and took a steadying breath. “What are you doing here, Cas?”
“You’re damn right he does, bitch.” Dean’s fingers found a cassette with an ancient strip of tape along the A-side, the ink long since faded to a grayish stain where the words “Songs for Long Drives to Nowhere” had once been inscribed in Dean’s own scrawling hand. It slid into the tape deck like a key into a lock.
But mostly, it was. It was waking up beside Cas’ gentle snoring. It was Sam and Eileen’s kids running rampant through their backyard, trampling Cas’ carefully-tended vegetable garden while Cas chased after them, beaming like the sun itself. It was Cas in the kitchen, a phone between his shoulder and ear while he talked some green hunter through the intricacies of smoking out a rugaru, Dean pressing a kiss to the juncture of his neck and shoulder while Cas smiled at the wallpaper.
“Jack. He came to the Empty. It was out of balance, bulging with malignance, the opposite of peace. It was supposed to be a place of endings, not of torment. So Jack came, to make things right. And even though he’s . . . what he is now, he’s still Jack, underneath, and he still loves us, perhaps to his detriment. He found me there, and told me he wanted to give me what he’d given you: a chance to choose.”
“Your help,” Dean repeated flatly. Cas huffed out a breath like a laugh, and Dean felt it in his bones.
Cas was, bizarrely, exactly the way Dean remembered him before the world had almost ended. He wasn’t wide-eyed and perplexed by the kitchen appliances, the way he had been during his earlier flirtations with going native, and he didn’t walk around mooning after Dean like a love-sick idiot, the way Dean had been sort of afraid he would after the epic, death’s-door confession in the basement. He stayed up too late pouring over books in dead languages in the library, and took the last cup of coffee in the morning without making more, and he bitched at Dean when he drank too much or screwed with the archiving system Cas and Sam had been using to sort through the bunker’s endless collection of arcane junk. He was just Cas, minus the wings and with a new predisposition for bedhead and buying dying plants from the clearance section at Lowe’s. Dean kept waiting for Cas to bare his brand new, shiny soul to him and continue the conversation they never actually got to finish that day, but he never did. It was frankly disconcerting.
He wandered through the bunker, trying not to think about anything at all, ducking his head into various rooms, but didn’t find Sam in any of them. Eventually he made his way to the library, and was about to turn back around when it was clear it was empty, but his gaze fell on the table and he paused.
“You couldn’t have known I’d be here.” Cas’ protest sounded less like true denial than like he was trying to be
“It was good,” Sam replied around a sigh. “Sometimes it was hard, and sometimes it was boring, but mostly it was so good, Dean. A good, real life.”
Cas’ smile shifted into something that was pure light, not directed at Dean at all, but he felt the warmth of it anyway.
Sam went utterly still where he stood beside the table, and Dean felt the hairs on his arms stand up, like the moment before a lightning strike.
“What we need, Sammy, is some tunes.” He pulled the battered box of cassettes up onto the bench seat between them. “What’s the soundtrack for the beginning of the world?”
Dean spent the next half hour responding to texts that had come in during that long, silent drive with his brother, while the people in the know had been frantically trying to figure out how they had gone from flesh and bone to dust and back again, what the Winchesters had done this time. Sam’s voice had faded down the hall as he’d wandered out into the rest of the bunker, so it was silent by the time Dean shot off his final response, and then stared down at the phone in his hand. He had opened his contacts, and had his finger hovering over one, last name.
“I tried calling Cas,” Sam said carefully. Dean felt his face do something he had no control over, and was vaguely aware of Sam’s hand coming up to his own shoulder. It felt like another brand.
“‘And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there you may be also,’” he murmured, like a prayer. Dean could tell it was a quote but couldn’t place it, and then decided it didn’t matter. Cas’ voice around the words sounded  like the rumble of the Impala’s engine, and Dean never wanted to go another day without hearing it ever again.
?” Cas finally dragged his eyes up to meet Dean’s, and Dean hoped whatever his face was doing didn’t look like pleading. “Please say it wasn’t for me. I don’t want to hear that you gave up anything else for me, Cas. I couldn’t bear it.” Cas’ smile was the kindest one Dean had ever seen.
“Why not?” Sam asks it so simply, like there could possibly be an answer to that question that Dean could begin to articulate in the next 10 years, let alone before the steaks are done. “Why can’t it be like that? Chuck’s gone, Dean. There’s no one pulling our strings anymore. You and Cas . . . your choices are your own. Your life is whatever you make it.”
It hit him off center, sliding over his ribs like a line of hellfire, and Sam took out the bastard who pushed him into it about 10 seconds later, but it was a close enough call to rattle them both. Dean sat on the open trunk of the Impala afterward while Sam poured whiskey over the wound, and he watched blood and good booze pour into the dust at their feet like it was happening to someone else.
.” It suddenly felt more important than anything that Cas understand. “From the minute we took down Chuck until the minute it ended, every choice I made - to save
“Dirt exists, Dean,” Sam huffs indignantly as he moves on to running cucumbers under the water from the tap. “I can take your salad out back and kick it around the yard a little before we eat, if you prefer the authentic experience.”
Sam was silent beside him, and for a while they sat there, staring through the windshield at a world that had been empty of everyone but them less than an hour ago. The enormity of what had been lost and what had been restored registered only in a distant, intellectual way. When Dean turned to look at him, Sam’s expression was placid, full of that same buoyant blankness that crowded against Dean’s ribs, and he was struck all at once by how many lines were carved into his little brother’s face, by the way sunlight caught in the silver beginning to thread through his hair. Sam was almost 40. Sam was going to grow old.
The driving he’d done while he waited for Sam had felt gloriously aimless, just him, Baby, and the road, and no place to be. Now that he’d seen his brother, now that the final gear was in place and the clockwork of this existence was ticking away, that floating, unhurried feeling had given way to something else, something that felt concrete and oddly specific. There was a destination now, a place where the roads were all leading.
“Quit tryin’ to sully what me and Baby have,'' Dean grumbles amiably as he drains the rest of his coffee and turns to start rinsing the mugs out in the sink. “Our love is pure.”
“We’re making our own choices now, Sammy,” he reminded him firmly. “We’ve earned that, and we’ve earned whatever life we can make for ourselves. If you want Eileen in yours, then she’s supposed to be here. Gotta have a little faith, man.” Sam’s mouth wavered but the corners tipped up, and he nodded. Then he glanced down at the table, saw what Dean had carved into it, and then snapped his eyes back to Dean’s.
Living with Cas, all human and grouchy and prone to terrible habits like leaving his damp towels on Dean’s clean bathroom floor to mildew, was sort of like living with a ticking bomb. Dean tiptoed around the bunker, feeling like he was one wrong step away from setting the whole thing off.
“How did he summon the Empty?” Sam pressed. Dean wanted, suddenly, to tell him all of it. He wanted to pour out every word Cas had said to him and see if they made any more sense to Sam than they had to Dean, who hadn’t been able to process it then and couldn’t now, not without feeling like he was ripping himself apart from the inside, bleeding internally. He wanted to see if Sam could explain it to him and make it anything other than one more fucking tragedy.
There was the discolored stain on the map table, where Charlie had once spilled coffee and then hacked the Kansas DMV’s database to legitimize the stolen plates on the Impala by way of apology. There was the nick in the paneling of the doorframe, where Sam had stumbled blearily into it at 3am with about 25 books in his hands. There was the dent in the metal casing of some esoteric instrument panel, where Jack had dropped the ancient relic he’d been studying like a fascinated child, and there was the scratch on the back of the chair Dean had tipped over accidentally because he was laughing too hard at the look on Jack’s face to keep his balance.
“I didn’t know,” Dean admitted, feeling his lips curl into an old smile, once he hadn’t had a chance to use here yet. “I believed. And I learned that from you.”
“How did he go out, Dean?” Sam’s eyes were flitting over his face, studying him like there were clues in his margins. Even though he hadn’t told Sam, hadn’t told anyone, about what actually happened in those moments before the Empty pulled Cas away, he wondered as he looked up into Sam’s melancholy face if he might have guessed. It wouldn’t surprise him if he had, if Sam had known what Dean hadn’t even let himself look at sideways before Cas stared him down with Death at the door and made him look it right in the face. Sam knew Cas and Dean better than anyone else in any world, and Sam was smart, so smart, the best and smartest person Dean had ever known.
Dean wouldn’t remember, after, crossing the distance between them, but Cas was suddenly there, his arms like bands of steel around Dean’s back, anchoring him to the world they’d saved. Dean’s mouth found his hair, his temple, the shadowed dip at the hinge of his jaw.
“You’ll be sick of this mug before you know it, little brother,” Dean said easily. It was a promise too, even if it didn’t sound like one.
to Sam about it, and had been shut down in no uncertain terms. So, the day Dean pulled up to the bunker after a run to the auto supply store and found the little hatchback parked out front, with Eileen leaning against the passenger side and staring at the bunker’s door like it might reveal its secrets under intense interrogation, he wasn’t exactly sure what to think.
“Why, Cas? You could have gone anywhere, done anything. You could have been with Jack. Why would you give that up?”
Dean’s day at the garage passes the way most of his days do, now: classic rock blaring tinny and familiar from a paint-splattered boombox on the shop floor, grease and grit beneath his fingernails, the murmur of the two other employees shooting the shit and the occasional clang of metal against concrete when someone drops a wrench. It’s pleasant, uncomplicated, and Dean likes his job, is the thing. He hadn’t expected to, and sometimes when he’s feeling like an asshole for no reason whatsoever (because he might have a mortgage and a dog and a friendly acquaintance with the hippie at the farmer’s market who gives him a discount on the bizarrely expensive kombucha Cas has taken a shine to, but he’s still Dean Winchester), he feels weirdly betrayed by his own contentment with honest work. Once, he’d been the Righteous Man and the Michael Sword and the Bearer of the Mark of Cain. He’d defeated gods and monsters and evil men with a cocky grin on his face, had bled and died to save a world that didn’t know his name. He’d killed Hitler. Now, he spends his Friday afternoon showing an old lady how to check her oil after she’d driven the radiator of her ‘89 Buick dry, because she tells him in a tremulous voice that Harold had always taken care of this sort of thing and he’d passed last Easter. When he helps her into the car and sends her on her way an hour later, he feels useful, needed. He feels like he’s done something good.
rather than a book of Enochian lore, but there’s still a .38 in the nightstand drawer. Some habits die harder than others.
“Jack’s decision to undo Chuck’s wrongs didn’t end on Earth,” Cas explained, studying Dean like he was still unsure he was really there. “He came to the Empty, next, to cleanse it of the malevolence it was never supposed to have. He made it a place of peace, where the angels could rest together, where the demons could find an end to their torment. And when he found me there, he raised me up, and asked me to come with him to Heaven. He wanted my help, to make it what it should have been.”
“Family’s important,” Dean agrees finally. “But when a man becomes the thing his kids fear  instead of the thing that keeps them safe, he ain’t family. He’s a monster. And kids shouldn’t have to be afraid of monsters anymore.” Cas looks at him like he’s said something entirely unexpected, like he hasn’t known Dean down to his molecular structure for more than a decade. Dean squirms under the scrutiny.
Dean felt words of agreement on the tip of his tongue, and was so shocked that they never made it past his lips. He had never, really, down in his bones, thought about leaving the life. If the near-death experience had set him on his heels, even the fleeting thought of walking away knocked him right on his ass.
Dean cleared his throat, and Sam turned to look at him. In that moment, Sam was all at once the baby Dean had carried out of a burning house, the toddler who had taken his first steps in a shithole motel room with only him to bear witness, the jagged-edged, furious teenager who had left him alone in the highway world, the 22-year-old who had climbed into the Impala beside him while the life he’d carved out of the world with bloodied hands turned to ash in the rearview mirror, the man who’d stood before God today with a smile on his face and blood on his teeth, leaning into his brother, holding him up. The helium-bright void in Dean’s head offered up no words he could say that could even begin to describe that, so instead, he turned the key in the ignition and felt his lips curl into a smile that usually gave him a 50-50 shot of getting exactly what he wanted or getting himself punched in the face.
Some time much later, after Dean had been staring down at his handiwork in silence for a while, Sam finally wandered into the room, sand still on his boots from the shore where they had faced down God himself. Dean had thought before this moment that he knew every expression his brother’s face could make, every twitch of an eyelid and every shadow along his jaw, but this one was brand new.
“He was exactly the same,” Cas replied serenely. “ Seeing him that way . . . it was like seeing Michaelango’s angel, freed from the marble. Jack was always what he became, inside; seeing him as I’d always known he could be was . . . a gift.”
“Of course he missed you, Cas,” Dean said softly. “You never stop missing your parents.” The look on Cas’ face was so keenly human that Dean felt it pierce him, right below the sternum. Rather than make him respond, Dean pressed on. “What’d you think of ‘im, with his battery charged?”
The next morning, Dean was up with the dawn. Sam’s bedroom door was still closed, but he knew he’d be up soon. Eileen would be there in a few hours’ time, and Dean knew when to make himself scarce. He showered off the dust of saving the world, threw a few things in his duffle, and left a note in the library that he’d be back for dinner. He tried to tie in a pun about rockin’ and knockin,’ but he lost the thread. Not his best work.
“Jack’s gone, Dean,” Cas told him hesitantly. ”Once he set things right here, he moved on. Heaven is no longer a seat of power for a Creator; Chuck is powerless, and Jack is . . . something else entirely. It is not a headquarters for angelic forces, either. The time of the angels is over; Michael was the last of my brothers, and he is resting in the Empty with all the others. Heaven is just a place of peace now. A final home for human souls, when they lay down their burdens at last.”
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas’ eyes are warm and fond, and his hair is sticking to his neck like an oil slick, black and silver and wet against his skin. The feeling in Dean’s chest has been there too long to be alarming, but it’s still uncomfortable, like a puzzle with a few pieces shoved in wrong. Cas goes to the fridge and pulls out a bottle of water, chugging half of it down in one go, throat glinting in the sun as he swallows.
Slowly, he pulled the hand that wasn’t tangled in Cas’ fingers out from under the grounding weight Cas was exerting on it. When he brought it up to Cas’ face to cup his jaw, Cas’ eyes drifted closed, like the simple touch was so overwhelming he had to shut the rest of the world out to let it wash over him. The stubble under Dean’s fingers felt exactly the way it did in his dreams.
“When Jack had restored Heaven to the place of glory it should always have been, he told me I could come with him, if I wished, to whatever came next. But I . . . I asked him if I could stay.”
, Sam,” Dean growls, but it doesn’t sound convincing even to his own ears. Sam laughs, and it is such an uncomplicated sound, none of the weariness or bitterness that used to tinge every laugh Dean used to manage to eek out of him.
Sam hums and takes another sip of beer. Dean wonders what he sees, looking out into the back half of the property, where Dean has boards and siding stacked along the side of the ancient shell of a barn they haven’t gotten around to patching up yet, where Cas’ garden blooms in the warm light of almost-sunset.
“I know,” Cas smiled for real this time. It was the brightest thing Dean had ever seen. “I heard your prayer. But Dean, you’ve fought enough. You can lay down your arms, now, if that’s what you want. You may have to fight again, if you choose it. But I . . . I am already yours”
“You could have done that in the Empty, if it’s as peaceful now as you say, ” Dean scoffed. “You could have been with your brothers and sisters, you could have stayed
“No more monsters,” Jack confirmed, like he didn’t just pull the rug out from under Dean’s entire perspective on his tiny universe. Jack turned a little, so his sweet, guileless smile could beam at both of them at once. “Be at peace, Sam and Dean Winchester. You, of all the humans who have ever walked this earth, have earned it. I will see you again, when you go to your reward.”
“You’ll get it,” Dean declares with confidence. He shuts the lid of the grill to let it do itss own thing for a few minutes, and settles down beside Sam on the steps with his own beer sweating into his hand. “You’re the most stubborn son-of-a-bitch I ever met, Sammy, and you never lost an argument even before all that schoolin’ you got under your belt. The board will be begging to give you the whole damn building before you’re through with ‘em.”
The music segued into My Ruin’s ‘Miss Ann Thrope’ as Meg stood glaring at him with her hands on her hips. Cas stared back at her, unwilling to back down. He could be as stubborn as she was.
Eventually the words penetrated and Cas realised that there were no hands around his throat, just Dean’s hands on his shoulders shaking him awake. Dean let go as Cas sat up, but the shaking continued and it took Cas a moment to realise that it was him, trembling. Dean turned away to switch on the bedside lamp. His hands were back on Cas as soon as he turned around again, pulling him into his arms and stroking his back soothingly.
As soon as he shut the door behind them, Cas took Dean’s face in his hands, holding him still while he looked at him seriously.
“Eighteen. I was working at the Gas-N-Sip and I couldn’t really afford it. I think I ate ramen for four months straight to save up.”
“Ah, the classic coming of age story of many a baby queer—an adolescence spent looking around the straight world hoping to see a splash of rainbow hidden in the monochrome depths,” Charlie said, propping her chin on one hand as she leant her elbows against the counter separating the living room and kitchen.
There was a moment when nothing happened, like Wile E. Coyote running off a cliff and floating in mid-air for a second, then, as a family, they’d looked down and plummeted to the ground and shattered.
Castiel watched him as he picked at his food warily. He was pretty sure that Dean didn’t actually believe that he was trying to poison him, but he wasn’t certain. He took a big bite of his own bacon cheese burger to set an example, like a parent demonstrating that the food was actually edible to a recalcitrant 4-year-old who didn't want to eat his vegetables. Cas had hoped that good food might placate Dean, it usually worked after all... well, food or sex worked but he didn’t think the latter would help right now. He tried to make conversation but only got grunts and monosyllabic answers in return. Great, Dean had gone from 4-year-old to teenager. He wondered if that counted as progress. It didn’t feel like it. Cas put his burger down.
Dean was the one that John had really been pissed at when he’d lashed out at Sam. Generally, John just wanted someone to take his frustrations out on and it didn't matter who. It wasn't that often that he got violent. Dean knew not to annoy him and to keep Sam out of the way when he was drinking, so he figured he could handle it. He did handle it, for years, until he messed up.
“I suppose my first tattoo was a way of taking ownership of my body. A symbol of my ability to make my own choices.” Cas stroked the pansy on his forearm. “And a way to reframe my father’s words... that was what he called me, you know, when he found me with Bal. A disgusting pansy, a filthy faggot.”
“Cas,” the man said. He was smiling rather indulgently at Dean, like he was an amusing child or an excitable puppy.
“Minor mishap. It’s fine now,” Cas said unconvincingly, while shooting glances at the oven like he half expected it to explode.
Cas didn’t show up at the airport, but there was a string of texts from him when Dean checked his phone while he was waiting at the luggage carousel.
“Well, technically, it was a ‘Church’,” Cas said and managed to make the accompanying air quotes extra sarcastic. “We didn't pay taxes anyway. But in practice, it was pretty much a cult. We had the whole charismatic but authoritarian leader thing. We were encouraged not to socialise with anyone outside the Church and expected to shun those who left the Church or didn't follow the rules. And there were a lot of rules. Rules and hate were pretty much the defining tenets of The Blessed Children of God. It was sort of like Westboro without the picketing.”
Dean gazed about the tunnel in wonder as they walked through. When they came out the other side, he turned to look back before they continued on.
Dean wasn’t sure what qualified as girl time with those two. He was pretty sure it involved plotting world domination, though. Dean hung out with Sam as he caught up with Bobby and Ellen for an hour or two before Ellen called it a night.
Dean laughed so hard that his back arched and his dick slipped out of Cas's grasp. Somehow, the joke didn't break the mood. It just shifted it from hot and heavy to sweet and playful and helped to dissipate the last of Dean’s nerves.
“I’d offer to make you some nice soothing tea, but I don't have any because I'm not someone's grandma. I think I only have coffee or whisky. Coffee’s not exactly gonna help you get back to sleep and, well, given my dad was a drunk, I don’t really recommend drinking away your feelings, so maybe whiskey’s not the best idea right now. Oh, wait,” Dean said, going to another cupboard. “I have cocoa for baking. We can have hot chocolate.”
“I want to be inside you,” Dean said hesitantly, feeling unsure of his welcome and unworthy of being granted entrance to Cas’s body. Afraid to ask for something instead of just offering.
Still utterly gentle, Cas added a second finger. He explored slowly until he found Dean’s prostate and then focused his attention there, steadily massaging it as he moved his fingers in and out. Cas moved away from Dean’s mouth to leisurely kiss his chest, as he fingered him. He peppered light kisses across the expanse of skin. Dean cried out when his lips found a nipple and he kissed and nipped and sucked on the sensitive nub. Cas’s lips and hands were both soft but insistent, the continued gentle touches steadily ramped up Dean’s need until he was completely desperate for Cas.
“I was thinking about what we’d be doing if you were here. I can’t decide if I’d have you on your knees sucking my cock or if I’d shove you down on the mattress and fuck you till you can’t walk.”
Dean snickered and then said, “I got asked to do the honey trap thing once. The whole thing was fucked up. This woman was worried that her husband was secretly gay, and I mean, I felt bad for her. She was pretty upset. But, c’mon, if you think your husband is lying to you, your first port of call should really be to try having an actual honest conversation with him, not to hire someone to set him up!”
The bar was pretty busy, but Dean spotted a few guys vacating a table to head over to the dancefloor, where there were actually people dancing tonight instead of just loitering around drinking. He led Cas over to the newly empty table and they took a seat. He glanced over to see if Sam had their drinks yet and realised that he was busy getting chatted up at the bar by a short blond guy- well he looked short, but who wouldn’t next to that sasquatch. Sam looked mildly awkward, like he was trying to figure out how to say he was straight without looking like he was panicking just because he was getting hit on by a dude. He must have figured out some tactful way to say it though, because they smiled at each other, and Sam nodded over to Dean and Cas, as if to say, ‘I’m just here with those idiots.’ The blond guy said something that made him laugh and then Sam was headed over to them carrying three beers and trying not to bump into too many people.
Cas smiled and ripped off the paper with all the enthusiasm of a kid on Christmas morning. He unveiled a smallish wicker hamper full of a variety of fancy hot sauces.
Cas fetched his sketch pad from his room and set himself up to work at the kitchen table. Coverups tended to be more difficult than working on a blank canvas and swastikas could be tricky. The thick, straight lines weren’t always the easiest to cover.
in charades. The clues for the first word had been incomprehensible flailing, so she’d moved onto the second, which was even worse. In a nod to the sexy on-call room shenanigans on the show, she’d ended up doing that thing people did where they turned their back and put their arms around themselves and pretended to be kissing another person.
Cas kept kissing him but shifted his torso away from Dean’s just enough to get his hand between their bodies. He stroked down Dean’s chest and stomach all the way to his hard length and then wrapped his hand around him. Dean thrust up eagerly into his fist. But he wanted more, he needed more.
When he finally got to the front of the crowded bar, Dean ordered Cas an appletini again. The shelf behind the bartender was laden with various syrups for other cocktails. So, Dean asked the guy if he could add a shot of the sweetest one to the appletini, even though Dean knew syrup didn’t normally go in the cocktail.
Dean fixed them both coffees and brought out a plate of mince pies to snack on while they watched TV. They’d spent several nights bingeing
Cain had fallen in with a notorious biker gang, the Knights of Hell, as a teenager. The group had ties to white supremacists and various criminal operations. He’d joined wanting to protect his brother who was already a member, but when he couldn’t get him out, Cain himself had been drawn deeper under the corrupting influence of the gang.
"Nonsense, I'm an angel. You weigh nothing to me. Besides, this is exactly where you’re supposed to be,” Cas told him in a deep voice that sent shivers down his spine.
A slow song came on and Dean pulled a still wilding gyrating Cas into his arms. Dean never did get to go to prom, so he didn’t really know how to slow dance. He just put an arm around Cas’s waist and took his hand and waltzed him around before twirling Cas under his arm, making him laugh. Cas sounded fucking giddy. Dean had done that. Made an angel of the lord weak in the knees. He grinned and gave Cas a quick kiss before pulling him closer. They swayed slowly, vaguely in time to the music, with as much of their bodies pressed together as they could manage. They stayed like that for a long time, even when the music sped up again, before Dean decided to go get another drink. He stopped by the table to see if Sam wanted one too and found him laughing with the same blond dude he'd been chatting to earlier. He waved off the offer of another drink, holding up a full glass of coke, so Dean headed over to the bar to get something for him and Cas, something sweet this time.
There’d been a time when it had happened regularly. Whenever he’d glimpsed a dark blond head on the street, his stomach had dipped, that nauseating mix of joy and pain warring inside his belly. The joy was irrational, Cas knew, because that blond head was never him, could never be him again. When his reasoning caught up to that fact, the joy vanished, leaving the pain sharper than ever.
the Vampire Slayer and joined Cas on the couch. He was slumping heavily on Cas’s shoulder before they were halfway through the first episode.
Making his own decisions was important to Cas, whether it was deciding what a painting meant or deciding what to do with his life. He’d spent so long just doing what his father told him to do, believing what his father told him to believe, following all the rules. But he’d broken free. Cas was all about self-determination now. No one got to tell him what his life should be, how he should think or how he should feel, not anymore.
“Her name is Amy Pond. Amy freaking Pond! She looks just like Jewel Staite and she’s dressed as Kaylee from
Dean sat up and reached for the glass on the bedside table. He gulped a few mouthfuls of water before he put the glass back down and settled in to sit by Cas’s waist, legs curled under him as he looked down at his lover. His hand was on Cas’s hip, thumb gently rubbing circles there.
"Don’t humans normally use terms of endearment for each other in these sorts of situations?" Cas asked, looking a little embarrassed.
Dean kissed him until his already plush lips were swollen, then he rolled Cas over and moved on to trailing kisses down his neck and chest. Dean looked up from tonguing a nipple to say, “I want to be inside you.”
Sam’s dumb joke broke the tension and the anxious, fight or flight feeling that had been building in Dean dissipated.
Once he’d caught his breath, Dean drew back to look at Cas. He was wearing a satisfied smile and Dean trailed his fingers over his lips, cherishing that joy. His heart felt full of feelings he couldn’t name. Dean didn’t know that he was crying until he saw a teardrop fall on Cas’s cheek and realised that it was his own. He swiped it away with his thumb and hid his face against Cas’s shoulder, mumbling apologies. Cas squeezed him, tight and reassuring.
He had wanted to talk to Bobby, but he didn’t like to call him too often because it was hard to keep shit from Bobby, and Dean didn’t want him to know how bad things were. It would only upset him, maybe make him start talking to John again just to rip him a new one for not looking after his boys.
Hopefully I'll be uploading more Christmassy goodness soon- the next chapter will probably go up on Christmas eve.
Sam was rubbing Gabriel’s shoulder gently as he spoke. It was strange to see him looking so subdued. Dean didn’t really know what to make of it after all the jeering laughter.
Dean had pulled out and shifted his weight mostly off Cas but they lay together in a sweaty heap for several minutes while they caught their breath. Cas felt warm and safe, enveloped in a happy little post sex bubble. He snuggled closer to Dean and that bubble burst abruptly when his husband got up and said flippantly, “Thanks for the ride, angel,” and lightly smacked Cas’s ass.
“Yep, that’s the guy,” Cas agreed sardonically. “He’s all peace and love until someone has a mental illness and then fuck them, I guess, off to hell for you!”
Cas smiled at him and then went back to watching the players with a thoughtful squint. Dean moved closer and sat wedged against him, shoulder to shoulder with Cas’s warmth spilling over into him, for the rest of the game. He shot Cas glances every so often to see his reaction if something interesting happened on the field. But mostly, he just sat and watched the game and appreciated having a normal day with an extraordinary husband.
“I know you wanted to go home before we...” He waved a hand vaguely. Dean wasn't sure in the dim light but he thought maybe, just maybe, Cas was blushing. It was kind of adorable and only got more so when Cas continued sheepishly, “I just couldn't wait.”
“I'm... it's not... It's not about ‘equipment’. I can't just have meaningless sex with someone I don't know. If I f-fucked..." Cas stumbled over the word before saying it more emphatically, “If I
Naturally, therapy hadn't been an option when Cas was a fucked-up teen living at home. Then, when he’d left home, Cas hadn’t had healthcare insurance and couldn’t afford therapy. He’d barely been able to afford medication. Thank goodness for Meg. She’d been his rock when he first came to San Francisco. Still was really. And thank goodness the tattoo shop was doing well enough for him to have healthcare now.
“It’s all right, my love, it’s all right. I have you,” Cas said as he hugged him close, one hand running up and down his back in soothing motions.
Cas rocked against him the next moment and Dean forgot everything he was confused about, all his conflicting emotions were simply overwhelmed by lust. Dean thrust his hands into Cas’s hair and let himself get lost in their heated kisses. Cas’s lips felt soft against his own, but he was kissing Dean so hard.
He clung to Cas tightly as he moved. Arms didn’t seem like enough, so he wrapped his legs around him too, holding Cas close in every way he could. He pulled Cas down into a kiss and let himself be immersed in the feeling of Cas over and inside him. Every so often, Cas would draw back slightly just to look at him or murmur words of affection into his ear. Cas’s love making was achingly sweet and tender, and it turned out to be exactly what Dean needed. He always gave Dean what he needed. Cas reached between their bodies to stroke Dean and it pushed him over the edge. Dean’s climax built slowly but powerfully and, when he came, he felt the release through his whole body. Cas soon followed him. He buried his head in the crook of Dean’s neck and moaned against his skin as he orgasmed.
“Yeah, sure, I’ll just sleep like a baby if I leave you alone when you're obviously upset. Of course I’m not going back to sleep, Cas,” Dean said and then mumbled something under his breath that sounded like ‘dumbass’, but Cas couldn’t be sure. “Come on, let’s get up and have a drink or something.”
Dean moaned again. He missed all that too. He wanted Cas's body wringing pleasure from his own in the way only Cas could. He missed his body so much. But he also missed his essential Cas-ness.
Dean was sitting on the loveseat, with the lube on the coffee table in front of him, when Cas got back. Three bottles of it, because he’d found another two on his second pass of the cabin. He raised an interrogatory eyebrow at the angel.
At the same time, Dean couldn’t help but picture what Cas’s hands were actually doing, stroking his own gorgeous cock. He wondered if Cas was playing with his balls too or if his hand was exploring further back, slick fingers rubbing his hole or slipping inside him. He opened his mouth to ask him, but all that emerged was a helpless moan.
Dean laughed, relief and joy bubbling out of him. Then he fucked it better, and this time it was face to face.
They sat down at the table that Bobby had probably had since before Dean and Jo were born. He remembered sitting at it doing his high school homework. And it still had knife marks on it from when Jo had sat there and played five-finger fillet as a moody teen trying to impress her dumb friends with her toughness. Ellen served the same stew at that table that she must have served them hundreds of times. It tasted just like home and Dean ate three bowls.
Cas did loosen up eventually, but that didn’t make him a better dancer. He had sped up and his movements were frenetic. It looked like he might be having some kind of fit. He was smiling exuberantly though, and the expression made the gooey thing in Dean’s chest get even gooier. His heart might have actually melted by this point. Cas was waving his arms around wildly. Apparently, he had taken the DJ at his word when he told them to put their hands in the air like they just didn’t care earlier. Given how much Dean knew Cas did care, about everything, it was nice to see him let go like this. Still, he was kind of surprised Cas hadn’t hit anyone yet, what with all the flailing. Single Ladies came on and the manic enthusiasm of his dancing ramped up a notch.
“Right? I think I’m pulling it off,” Dean said as he tugged the bottom of the jacket down. He went over to the mirror again and critically inspected his reflection, turning to the side, smoothing the necklace down to lie flat on his chest, fiddling with his hair. The outfit looked pretty good, but maybe he should have gone with something sexier?
“Yeah?” Gabriel asked and grinned when Cas nodded. “I look forward to it. It’s really good to see you again, Cassie.” His face grew serious and he cleared his throat awkwardly. “You know I love you, right, kid?”
The angel huffed out a sigh and deflated. The shadow wings were gone now and he just looked like a tired human.
Dean’s nerves were strung tight and Sam was getting on his last one with his stupid hippy just-breath-through-your-fear attitude. When the seatbelt sign went off, Sam got up to go hit the head. Dean took the opportunity to lean over and fiddle with the headrest TV in front of Sam’s seat. He found the movie he wanted, fast-forwarded it to the right point and paused it. Then hit play when he saw his brother coming out of the restroom. Sam looked at the kids on the screen and frowned curiously as he sat down and then nearly jumped right out of his seat again when IT suddenly appeared on screen.
One of Cas’s favourite pieces was a mixed media shadow box that Meg had made about demonology. It consisted of a large, gold-painted wooden box frame a couple of inches deep, filled with various items mounted on black velvet backing.
John had looked so shocked that Dean had opened his mouth to say a teammate must have put it in his bag as a joke, but something—hope, stubbornness, he wasn’t sure—had shut his mouth back up and stopped the excuses from pouring out. No mistake, no joke, Dean liked dick. And John hadn’t been happy to find that out.
Dean made an unhappy noise. Cas thought he was probably thinking back to when he’d been a teenager before he’d moved in with Bobby. He knew that Dean had worked various low paid jobs trying to earn enough to look after Sam when their dad would disappear for long stretches and not leave them enough money to live on. Dean, too, knew what it was like to struggle to survive. Though, he had a tendency to think his own struggles were par for the course while hating anyone he cared about having to struggle the way he had.
When he finally did, his eyes were impossibly blue, almost the pale indigo that shone at the treeline for a few fleeting moments before sunrise, but not quite. Not quite that color or any other, anywhere. Dean knew. He had been looking for a very long time. Long enough, maybe, that he should have figured out some things before they were laid out for him in the bunker’s basement with Death pounding at the door.
He’s been zenned out over the grill, sipping his beer and thinking about nothing, for about 5 minutes before Sam wanders out after him, his own beer in hand. He folds his long limbs in on himself so he can sit on the steps that lead down into the lawn, wincing when a board creaks ominously under his weight.
“I wonder if that means . . .” He broke off as they rounded another turn and the woods around them gave way to an open field and the slope of a lawn. A turnoff on the road led down to a house, tucked into the trees, its windows full of warm light. Dean eased Baby over the gravel, rolling to a stop near a swingset with peeling paint, well-loved, and a bike dropped carelessly on the grass.
The second-floor bathroom is cramped and decorated in baby-blue floral patterns that make Dean’s lip curl up in a sneer at the best of times, but certainly at 6:40 in the morning. It’s on his Endless List of Things That Need Fixing in This Fucking House to replace the ancient fixtures, plumb in a new tub that doesn’t have clawed, gold-leaf feet, and tear out the tile that’s older than he is to replace it with something that doesn’t make his eyes water, but the nature of the Endless List means he still hasn’t gotten around to it and probably won’t until the winter, when the weather gets too bad to work on the roof or the gutters or the rotten boards of the deck that he and Sam are supposed to rip up next weekend.
“Not my help, per se. Jack will never need anyone’s help, ever again. My counsel, might be more accurate. I think . . .” Cas’ face looked both fond and somehow humbled. “I think he missed me.”
Worse than trying to figure out how to exist around Cas after knowing he’d thrown himself down on the sword of how he felt about Dean and managed to beat Death at her own game, though, was trying to figure out what the fuck any of them were supposed to do now. For a couple weeks after Jack’s last miracle before the credits rolled, they scoured the web and called up every person they’d ever met who knew what to look out for, but it was really just due diligence. Dean had known the second Jack had sent them that pleased, gentle smile that the war they’d been fighting their whole lives was over, for real this time.
Dinner passes in amiable conversation, the way it does every week. Eileen talks about a new student who lost his hearing to meningitis at 14 and is acting out because
“So when you said what you said, that last day . . . I didn’t know how to be someone who could take it. But I’m working on it, ok? By time I get you back, I hope I’ll be . . . I hope I’ll be able to say it back. Like I should have said it then.” He choked on something, realized in a detached way that it was a sob, didn't care. “Because I do, Cas. I do, ok? I choose to.”
Cas made a noise like a sob, but not a sob, and he was smiling again. Dean unwrapped his other hand from the untouched glass of whiskey he still held and settled it over their grasping fingers. Cas carefully did the same, and Dean finally felt like he was touching enough of him.
“No more monsters?” Dean clarified again, his head full of nothing but white noise and his heart racing like he had a wendigo at his heels.
Eventually, his legs moved of their own accord, like obeying gravity, and he slid into a familiar chair, poured a few fingers into his own glass, and waited for him to look up.
“Let’s go home,” Dean managed finally. “I want some whiskey that I don’t have to wear, and then I want to sleep for a year.”
“As if a little rare meat could put a dent in a Winchester,” Eileen grouses, but runs a hand over her belly protectively.
Dean started spending a lot of time in the bowels of the bunker, giving Baby the kind of thorough once-over she didn’t get enough of when various apocalypses were dividing his attention. Cas occupied his afternoons at the animal shelter, at the free clinic in town, at the youth center that had gone up last year, and his mornings coaxing his reject houseplants back from the brink of death in the conservatory that had previously been home to half a century of dust and the memory of green, growing things. Sam made unconvincing noises about going back to school, like his heart wasn’t in it but he thought he was supposed to, and then, one day, Eileen showed up.
“Hey, gorgeous,” Dean said easily once she was looking at his face. “You waitin’ for an engraved invitation or something?”
. Not a vacation, or a pause, or a long breath taken before the next apocalypse comes down on their heads; just a normal life, stretching out in front of them like a curving road, paved smooth enough to be easy on Baby’s wheels. He had known it, of course, but he thinks it might be the first time he’s
“I . . .” Dean clears his throat and takes a long pull from his beer to wet his suddenly dry tongue. “Fine, whatever, dude. We’re the goddamn Cleavers, yay for us.” Sam’s grin looks entirely too smug. “But that ‘emergency contact’ crap. What exactly were you trying to say?”
“Hiya, Cas,” he said quietly. Cicadas buzzed in the field outside, and a truck rumbled past on the highway in the distance. “I don’t reckon your ears reach all the way here from the Empty, but . . . Crazier things, right?” He smiled, and thought he should feel stupider than he did, talking to an abandoned barn. “So listen, I just wanted to let you know: we won. We beat ‘im, Cas. Well, Jack did. You were right about the kid. He was everything you always said he was, that Kelly knew he could be. And he’s like, God now, or whatever. So I guess we should all be glad he had you around, to raise him up right.” Dean swallowed hard, and set his hand down more firmly on the table, like it might ground him.
The world they’d saved (really saved, saved forever, this time) rolled under the Impala’s tires, and they didn’t speak again the entire drive back to the bunker. Dean’s head still felt like it was full of a bright, nameless thing with wings, with no room at all for anything else.
“It’s a good room.” It takes Dean a minute to realize he wasn’t the one who said it. Cas is studying the ceiling with a small smile on his face, looking tired and content and like he can’t imagine anything better than this shabby house in the middle of nowhere, Kansas, and Dean feels something crack in his chest: the first warning creak of a dam about to break. He thinks: “Maybe. Maybe we could.” And then he thinks: “what the fuck what the fuck what the
“Jack.” Sam said the name like it had been punched out of him. Jack raised his hand in greeting like a fucking weirdo, and Dean’s heart felt like it was going to burst out of his chest.
“For you, Cas.” It didn’t feel as monumental as Dean thought it probably should have, to finally say it out loud. It felt simple. “You did your waiting, so I figure it was only fair that I did some, too.” Cas made a helpless sort of noise in the back of his throat.
“That’s great, Sammy. Eileen ... you could have a life with her. A real life, like the one you always wanted.” He was so happy for his brother he could barely breathe around it, and the light of it shone too brightly for the black sea in his chest to rise up against it, even though it wanted to. Sam’s smile faltered a little, and he drew in a shaky breath.
The wind slipped through their hair, smelling like clover and the remembered warmth of summer, and for a while they drove in contented silence. Eventually, Dean glanced over at his brother.
“Same as always,” Sam says, sounding pleased about it. “I’m presenting to the board next month, trying to get them to cough up the funding to upgrade the computer lab.”
,” Sam corrects, and the beer tastes like ashes in Dean’s mouth. Sam turns to study him for a minute. “Please tell me this isn’t some 7th inning sexuality crisis, because I know we’re out of training, but I’m bigger than you and I can still kick your ass.”
Dean wasn’t sure how long he stood there in the silence and sunset with his brother. He also wasn’t sure how much time had passed for Sam, just like he wasn’t sure how long he’d spent driving over vaguely familiar roads, like and unlike places he might have seen in his dreams. Time, the way he remembered it from before, was already something that only registered as an intellectual concept, now - time, fear, pain, the endless need to struggle. What Dean had felt, driving through a perfect world, had not been loss or the passage of time; it had been benign absence, and the long, static sensation of waiting, like holding his breath. This place had been a Swiss watch, beautiful and perfectly balanced, but missing a gear; when Sam had arrived, Dean had felt it slot into place somewhere deep in his chest. The world began ticking, and he could breathe.
“Peace, and the people you love,” Dean explained, easing around a turn. “No more boundaries, no more rules. Anything you want to do, anyone you want to see, it’s all here now, the way it should have been from the beginning.”
“Nothing,” he protests mildly. “It’s a thing people ask. You know, steaks on the grill, beer on the deck, talking about work, asking about your brother’s love life. Normal shit.”
When their plates are clean and everyone is drowsy and well-fed, Dean dumps the dishes in the sink to be dealt with later and they decamp to the living room. Eileen nurses a cup of tea while the rest of them linger over their beers, and Dean listens to the sounds of their voices mingling and watches Cas out of his peripheral vision.
“Anything I can do?” Cas calls after him as he mounts the stairs. Dean pauses and looks back into the kitchen at Cas’ lean silhouette backlit by the open doors. There is something peaceful and enormously terrifying about the sight of him in the house they share, with dirt on the knees of his jeans and the lines of tension soothed from his face after talking about his day while they shared a beer. Dean is aware of a pressure building up at the base of his skull. Something is shifting, he thinks. Something is going to give.
“So . . .” The word came out hoarse, and Dean cleared his throat and tried again. “Where is the kid, anyway? Been looking forward to seeing him again.” A cloud came over Cas’ face, dimming his smile. Dean wished it away with everything he had.
“Now what the fuck is that supposed to mean?” Dean demands when he’s no longer afraid he’ll choke on it. Sam shrugs like he hasn’t said anything remarkable, because Sam is a little shit.
“So look. Here’s deal, ok? I still don’t think I’m the man you were talking about that day. I still don’t think I deserved to be saved, not by you, not if it meant you going to the Empty. But, I want to be. I want to try to be what you said I was. I’m trying, Cas.” He was only vaguely aware of sliding to the floor, his back against the table now, like a puppet with its strings cut.
Dean moves through the kitchen entirely on autopilot, collecting forks and plates and the strawberry-rhubarb pie he’d baked yesterday after work, while his brain makes a noise like a busted engine trying to turn over. He can’t tell if Sam’s come-to-Jesus talk got into his head or if he’s losing his fucking mind, but after a minute of blind panic, he remembers the look on Cas’ face as he agreed with Eileen that their dimly-lit, unimpressive living room was
He pressed it anyway. He had pressed it dozens of times in the days between Chuck’s snap and the moment the phone got shoved into a drawer to die with the rest of the world, and every time it had done what it did now, what it was always going to do: ring, endlessly, with no one on the other end to pick it up.
“Yeah, I know, kid. But we’ve been getting knocked around by the bad guys since long before we knew angels were anything but a bedtime story. We’ll get by.” Jack studied him for a moment, then closed his eyes. When he opened them, he smiled.
The clock informs him that he still has 20 minutes before he needs to hit the shower, but he swings himself upright anyway. No sense in letting himself get soft now. His bad knee protests the movement in no uncertain terms, and he glares down at it like he can intimidate his own body into forgetting he’s on the wrong side of forty and has lived a life that - among many other things - has never been easy on the joints. For a minute, he sits there on the edge of the bed while the damn bugs scream in the trees outside and a truck rumbles past on the road at the edge of the property line, and contemplates the reality of living long enough to develop arthritis. Then he pushes himself up and shuffles down the hall.
Dean looked back at Sam. “Thank you, Sammy.” Sam could hear the tears Dean was holding in. He knew that that ‘thank you’ was for so much more than just Sam’s optimistic encouragement.
) age, and from there figure out what he wanted to do with the rest of his life. He wouldn’t go far, Dean knew that. Since regaining his soul he’d made great efforts to show how much his family mattered to him, most notably in using up all his grace in the spell to bind Chuck and Amara, partially satisfying the Empty’s deal with Cass.
If Sam was hesitant to tell Dean before about his plans to leave, now he was mortified. Dean planned on staying in the life, and it seemed like he was implying he wanted Sam to stick around for it too.
Cass. It was Cass that Dean was most uncertain about. Wasn’t it always? Dean suspected Cass would want to stay wherever Jack was, like the dutiful father he’d come to be. But what would Cass do with himself, with Heaven now sealed and his own grace slowly depleting—it was the slow siphoning off of Cass’ grace to complete the seal of Heaven’s gate that was the final piece of satisfying the Empty’s deal. Dean knew it was causing him real pain, ever more physical the more human he became, but Cass had readily made the sacrifice to keep the gate of his former home closed. And that was just it—even though Cass had long ceased seeing Heaven as his home, this was a tangibly final turning away from angelhood. Dean wondered if Cass intended to find some kind of banal human job, like he had at the Gas N’ Sip all those years ago. It wasn’t like he’d need to earn a significant income to support himself and Jack, as Dean for his part had every intention of continuing to use his dubiously-obtained assets to take care of Jack, but Dean thought Cass might want something to do with his newfound time. Dean wondered if there was any chance he’d want—
Thanks for reading the first chapter! Chapter 2 has some actual spoken dialogue so you’ll have that at least to look forward to.
“I figured you wanted out after everything a while ago. We beat God! And I’m proud of you, Sammy. You stuck by me through every apocalypse. You more than deserve to have a normal life.” Sam let out a slow steady breath. Dean wasn’t upset with him, hadn’t failed him. In fact, Dean supported his decision, had anticipated it even. But then what…
) would find some way to keep him in this endless carrousel. He knew Dean still planned on hunting what few things still went bump in the night. Sam would be surprised if Dean had even a glimmer of some kind of apple-pie-adjacent lifestyle in his sight.
Dean was out of excuses not to sort out his baggage. With Chuck, Amara, and the Shadow sealed in their respective prisons, the Gates of Heaven and Hell closed, and the monsters of the world banished to eternally brawl in Purgatory, hunting was reduced to salting and burning the occasional spirit. Hunters were having to look for other things with which to occupy their time, and for Dean that meant a lot of time locked in his room, staring at his ceiling, chewing on questions he never thought he’d have the need or chance to puzzle out. At the forefront of his mind was the most simple and yet most difficult question: What next?
There were a few minutes of stillness in the room as Sam took another few sips of his own beer. He’d come to enjoy the family dinners the four of them occasionally found time for over the last couple years, but he absolutely cherished these silent moments with Dean afterwards, moments that reminded him of the simpler times when it was just him and Dean on the road, pausing some nights just to look in silence at the stars. With all the apocalypses, and with the growth of their family, these moments with just him and his brother had become pretty rare, and they’d probably become rarer still when he finally worked up the courage to tell Dean he wanted to take the next step with Eileen and move out of the bunker. He knew it would hurt Dean if—no,
“I want… I want someone like they had in each other, who they could trust on the job and at home… someone who means— who’s family.” Dean paused. Sam inhaled sharply. “Which is why I’m gonna ask—”
“I’m sure he’ll say yes,” Sam offered. “But Dean, are you sure you’re ready? To tell him how you—to ask him, I mean?” Sam figured he should stay closer to Dean’s phrasing, keeping the conversation within Dean’s comfort zone.
That’s what Dean was doing now, staring at the ceiling, mulling through memories, cringing at his almost
now)! Dean knew it was only a matter of time before Sam came forward about plans to move out, find a new job, or maybe even go back to law school if he really wanted to. And as much as it would hurt, Dean wasn’t planning on stopping him.
So Sam had kept silent, still waiting until he figured out the best way to tell Dean about his plans. He had been in this for too long—there were no two ways about it. He had to leave soon, to get the life he’d always wanted, or he (or Dean, or
I can’t make any promises about when Chapter 3 will be out, but if I’m diligent, it will most likely be up later next week.
It was late afternoon in the bunker, and Dean knew Sam and Jack would probably be wondering about food soon. Dean closed the door of his room behind him and made his way to the kitchen. Dean wondered if Cass has started to feel hunger yet. He’d save the juiciest burger for him just in case.
“You hand feels amazing, this just makes it feel even better,” he told him, reaching up to cup Cas’s cheek. “Okay?”
Okay, maybe Dean wasn’t as on the ball as he thought. He hadn’t even spotted this guy when he’d scanned the room for potential threats. The man was looming in a doorway only a couple of feet from the side of the bed, a small bathroom visible behind him. He had dark hair and soft face with a hard expression. He looked like a working stiff, dark dress pants, white shirt, blue tie and tan trench coat. Actually, he was pretty cute, in a tightly wound sort of way, like maybe it’d be fun if you were the one to unravel him. Dean shook his head sharply. Now was not the time to be thinking like that, not in the presence of a possible hostile. The guy walked over to him, getting way too close and towering over him in bed while Dean sat there dumbly, bedcovers clutched to his chest.
As nice as throwing his own Thanksgiving had been, in its own way, nothing beat being home for the holidays. Rufus, Sam and Dean’s other honorary grumpy uncle, always came over on Christmas day. He was Jewish, so he didn’t technically celebrate Christmas, but he’d been persuaded to spend it with the gentiles anyway because they didn’t want Rufus to be alone on a holiday. Besides, it wasn’t like the rest of them were practising Christians anyway. The holiday was just about family and food to the Winchester-Singer-Harvelle clan. Rufus was the former and appreciated the latter. And presents, it was about presents too.
“And that doesn’t seem weird to you? Like I was a little too enthusiastic? Not myself maybe? I ain’t the marrying kind. It’s not me.”  He exhaled forcefully and rubbed the back of his neck. “Sam... there’s a picture here of us, me and that guy. And my expression in that photo, I swear I’ve never worn that dopey ass smile a day in my life!”
Charlie walked over to the couch and smoothed her skirts out behind her as she sat. Despite her small frame, she took up almost the entirety of Dean's big leather sofa in her poofy dress. It should look at least a little silly, but it was Charlie, so somehow she managed to look regal in the ridiculous peaches and cream confection.
Two days later, Dean had texted, ‘Hope you’re having a good week. Work’s been crazy on my end!’ to which Cas had replied, ‘Me too. Sorry, can’t talk. Back-to-back appointments all day,’ effectively shutting down the conversation. Dean had kept texting him. No more questions after the first text, like he didn’t want to put any pressure on Cas to reply... or he already knew that Cas wouldn’t.
Okay, that was a little creepy but kind of sweet. And didn't that just sum up so much of Cas. He was endearingly weird. Dean smiled fondly at him and ran his hand up the soft skin of Cas’s side because, apparently, he got to do that now. He got to touch the nearly naked angel in his bed. He smiled wider and Cas smiled back, that little quirk of his lips and crinkling of his eyes that was his version of a full-on grin. Dean closed the gap between them to gently kiss those smiling lips.
“Sorry, babe, Sam picked this place, but it’s my choice next time. We can go somewhere nice then,” Dean assured him.
“They’re extremophiles. They’re the only animal we know about that can survive the vacuum of space.”
Cas obeyed immediately, instinctively, because he never denied Dean anything, even if he was acting a little strangely. When they did this, it was normally face to face so Dean could look Cas in the eye. The angel couldn’t form sentences, he could barely form words, when Dean was inside him. So, Dean always watched him. He watched to make sure he knew if Cas needed more time to adjust when he entered him. He watched so he could see Cas’s reaction to a gentler pace or a harder thrust. He watched to see if Cas was close or if he needed to hold off on his own pleasure until he got Cas there too. He watched so he could bask in the euphoria of Cas’s expression when he hit just the right spot. Whatever else he was in bed, he was always,
It was a weird British recipe that Dean had found online. They were a Christmas pie, so Dean made them every year. The British knew how to do Christmas. Every holiday ought to have a pie in his opinion. Thanksgiving had pumpkin pie, Fourth of July was perfect for the most American of pies, apple, but what about Easter or New Year? They were prime pie occasions, and they were just being wasted. Maybe he should google it, perhaps other countries had Easter and New Year’s pies the way Britain had Christmas pies.
“Not my usual speed but it's kinda catchy,” Dean said of the music filling the car. He pointed at Cas and winked before he started to loudly, if somewhat inaccurately, sing along. “Cas, I wanna take you to a gay bar, I wanna take you to a gay bar, I wanna take you to a gay bar, gay bar, gay bar!" He enthusiastically drummed his hands on the steering wheel along to the upbeat tune. “I've got something to put in you,” Dean continued to sing, making Cas squirm.
“If you want my opinion,” Sam started saying, Dean emphatically did not want his opinion, but his brother continued nonetheless, “I think you’re having a meltdown because you’re married. If I asked you to stay with someone you didn’t know, but that I’d told you I trusted, that wouldn’t phase you. You’d do it no questions asked. But that guy tells you you’re married and you start having some freak-out about commitment.”
Dean sent him various funny pictures and videos throughout the week. Cas supposed it was Dean’s way of letting him know he was thinking of him without putting pressure on Cas to talk. Cas didn’t say anything in return, but he did send him back emojis.
The new cool Ken had ended up wearing an outfit that would have been entirely at home in a gay rave, right down to the sex toy accessories. Wearing cock rings, either as necklaces or attached to clothes, had been a big trend in the gay scene at the time. Clueless toy designers just thought that the cock rings were innocent circular charms.
“So,” Cas said with the emphasis of someone about to change the subject. “What should we do for dinner?”
Humming softly, he got out a mixing bowl and started making breakfast as quietly as he could. The smell of bacon would wake Cas or Dean would take him breakfast in bed. That was a thing one-night stands did, right? It wasn’t weird. Either way, he didn’t want to wake Cas by clattering around the kitchen like an asshole.
“Sorry, buddy, didn’t see you there,” Dean said calmly. He was a grown up. He was capable of trying to de-escalate things instead of rising to the challenge in the other guy’s voice. This was just some drunk dumbass looking for a fight and Dean didn’t have to oblige.
They piled into the Impala a short while later. Sam was in the back, luckily not in assless chaps- he would not be allowed to sit on Baby’s precious leather seats in those. He’d just changed into a clean pair of jeans and a smarter shirt.
Cas spread lube over both their cocks and jacked them together as he kissed him. Dean ran his hands across Cas’s body, up his back, down his ass, over his thighs, touching anywhere he could reach as they kissed and kissed and kissed. Eventually, Dean’s hand joined Cas’s between their bodies. He rubbed his palm over the heads of their cocks as Cas worked their shafts. Cas groaned against his mouth at the increased stimulation.
So, he’d done his best to keep the peace and hadn’t gone running to Bobby for help, not when he’d been cold and hungry, not when John hadn’t been home for a week, not when John had hit him, but he’d gone to Bobby when John hit Sam. Dean hadn't necessarily expected safety for himself, but if he couldn’t keep Sammy safe, that was a problem.
Meg thought it was hilarious, Cas thought it was annoying, but he did his best not to let on because he knew that would only make it more hilarious to Meg. He had to admit, he would be amused if he wasn’t in such a godawful mood.
“I think the artist’s Icelandic, so perhaps he was inspired by glaciers and ice caves and other places the White Witch would be right at home in,” Cas said.
It’s unnatural! If we were meant to fly, we’d have wings. But we didn’t crash, so I guess the flight was ok
“Either she’s one hundred percent serious or it’s a long con and I won’t find out until she’s on her deathbed.” Cas lowered his voice to a hoarse whisper, “Cas, Cas, come closer.” He grabbed Dean’s shoulder when he leaned in. “I can’t believe you wore that stupid sweater, you big nerd!” Then, he coughed pitifully and closed his eyes, letting out a long, slow breath like it was his last.
Growing up in motel rooms more often than not, Dean was used to no privacy. So, he knew how to hide his damn porn (they hadn’t had a computer, so it meant hiding actual magazines rather than just clearing the browser history). More importantly than that, Dean knew how to hide his money. Maybe he’d done the latter too well because John had found his porn stash while looking for booze money. It would have been better if John had found the money.
It wasn't that unusual for Dean’s instincts to be at odds with each other, craving closeness while pushing people away. He'd gotten better at that, at not pushing people away, at letting people in. His instincts were fighting each other right now, though.
Cas retreated to the back room for a bit to get ready for his appointments, still thinking about what Meg had said. Being a tattoo artist did involve interactions with customers and thereby necessitate some customer service skills on his part. It wasn't like being a hairdresser who was expected to chat with clients about their upcoming holidays, but people did seem to expect at least
Dean made him an omelette for breakfast, even though he hadn’t really had time to cook. Then he insisted on giving Cas a lift to work in his sleek vintage car. Cas wasn’t convinced that driving would get him to the shop any quicker, driving not always being the most efficient way to get where you were going in the city, but Dean seemed to want to show off his car, so Cas indulged him. It was clear that Dean was very proud of his ‘Baby’. Cas thought his devotion to his car was rather endearing. He’d arrived at work slightly late but happy.
“Right? Ziggy Stardust I know!” Dean looked thoughtfully at the red smear on Cas’s cheek. “I hate to tell you this, but I think your friend might have intended your costume—what there was of it—to be the sad clown dude who was on
He liked flash too, though. There was something relaxing about inking the same lines he'd inked dozens of times before. Flash might not have the originality of a custom piece, but it had the beauty of a shared experience. Normally, people only got matching tattoos with loved ones. Flash meant you could share a tattoo with a dozen strangers.
They broke apart to go to the bed and tumbled down on it. Dean crawled over Cas’s body and made a move to take off his t-shirt and then froze with the hem raised only a few scant inches.
Dean ran his fingertips over the fuzzy little bumblebee that perched on the edge of the honeycomb. “So, what’s the bee represent?”
“Jerk,” Sam grumbled. But he didn’t say anything else about Dean’s fear of flying for the rest of the flight, so he called it a win.
Cas sat at a small round table and fidgeted with a coaster while Dean waited at the bar looking surprisingly comfortable. He laughed at something another patron said to him, which made Cas frown, though he wasn’t sure why. Dean swaggered over to the table holding a tumbler and a cocktail glass, the latter of which he placed in front of Cas as he sat down.
“That would be incredibly painful for you. I would never hurt you just to ease my own discomfort. I’m not going to ignore what’s best for you just so I can get my husband back sooner.” Cas looked sickened by the thought. “We can be uncomfortable together for a few days. Patience is a virtue.”
Dean should have leapt on the excuse that the gay porn was either a mistake or a joke. But there’d been a moment when he’d thought,
“It suits you,” Cas said so dryly that it was impossible to tell if he was teasing or not. His eyes swept down Dean’s body in a way that made him shiver and a slight smirk played across Cas’s lips.
Dean went to the bathroom to clean himself up when Cas was finished. When he came back, Cas was lying in bed again. He climbed in beside him and Cas rolled toward him, curling up against his side sleepily. Dean was happy to accept the affectionate cuddling, whether it was an unconscious impulse or not. He sighed happily and fell into a deep sleep almost immediately.
“Well, I never knew my mother, and it was my father who started the Church, so there was never really a question of whether or not to raise us in it.”
Cas and the other kids his age in the congregation didn't go to the local mall to loiter like their classmates did, they went to hand out leaflets. His father seemed to be under the impression that having the teen members of the Church do outreach work would attract younger people to the flock.
Dean looked toward the bedroom like that might give him some clue about Cas’s breakfast preferences.
Cas was fiddling with the knobs on the oven. He still seemed slightly flustered but he turned around and gave Dean a bright smile when he entered the kitchen.
Cas was sure he would be. Alfie took his job very seriously. The younger man loved tattoos. He was hoping to apprentice at the shop and become an artist himself one day. His skill level wasn’t there yet, so he settled for a job as the receptionist and general dogsbody. He sketched and read up about tattoo techniques in between answering clients’ questions, making appointments, organising and reordering supplies.
Cas squinted sceptically at her. Meg was wearing ankle boots with studded straps, tight, black jeans and a short, black leather jacket over a mottled purple vest. She looked exactly as she normally did, right down to the chunky necklace she habitually wore.
Cas had enjoyed it too. It was the best date he’d ever been on. Well, it was the only date he’d ever been on. Or perhaps not, he supposed that lunch at Harrington’s diner counted as a date and he’d just been kidding himself that it wasn’t one because he wasn’t ready to date Dean. But he thought he was ready now, and he didn’t want the date to end.
Bobby proceeded to ask Dean a bunch of fatherly questions about how it was going. The answer to all of them could pretty much be summed up with,
Cain sat relaxed beneath the needle, left arm stretched out for inking, right hand holding his phone as he texted with a single thumb. Cas sank into an almost meditative state, the steady buzz of the tattoo machine was better than whale song or a babbling brook. The lines of a rose slowly took shape beneath Cas's steady hand.
“I’m not sure that would really fit the aesthetic of my other tattoos,” Cas said laughing, and then, more thoughtfully, “Language is so strange. How did we get from a bundle of sticks to gay men?”
He’d always liked the custom pieces best. Vague ideas where he was given free rein for his imagination to run wild. Or even intricate lists of details and requirements where he had to try to match his vision to the client’s own. The things people requested had meaning to them and Cas enjoyed bringing them to life.
That was what it felt like, the soft velvety skin of a peach and Dean wanted to keep running his hands over the short hairs that tickled his fingers. Cas smiled at him.
By the baffled expression on Cas’s face, he hadn’t known that. Dean hadn’t known cocks could be gorgeous either, had thought of them more in functional terms rather than aesthetic. But Cas’s cock looked good in his hand, long and thick, curving upwards in an intriguing away, the flushed head peeking out from the top of his fist. Dean couldn’t help wondering what it tasted like. He wasn’t quite sure if he was ready to find out or not, so he went back to kissing Cas. Dean pressed soft kisses along his throat, relishing the gasp Cas gave as he sucked a tender spot beneath his jaw. He went lower to kiss across his chest. His tongue flicked out to give Cas’s nipple a light lick, eliciting a groan. He drew the nub into his mouth and, very carefully, bit down. Cas’s hands clenched convulsively in his hair and he made a noise that Dean wasn’t sure whether to interpret as pained or pleased. He didn’t think Cas knew either since his hands couldn’t seem to decide if they were pulling Dean’s head closer or pushing it away. The sensitivity of Cas’s nipples definitely warranted further investigation another time, right now though, he was going somewhere.  He moved his mouth across Cas’s stomach, giving him a gentle nip there. The noise Cas made was definitely appreciative that time.
Gently, Cas placed a hand under his chin and tilted his head back up. Cas was still looking at him intently but his expression had softened.
“Well, I wouldn’t put it like that. But there's a wide range when it comes to the amount of creative freedom in tattooing. Some people know exactly what they want and they’ll bring a picture or describe it in precise detail, and some people just like your art and will give you a theme or a general idea of what they want and trust you to come up with something they’ll love. Of course, even then, they have final approval of the artwork before it goes on their body, so they might want you to make changes.”
“It’s...it’s something all right, Cas,” Dean said and kissed him on the cheek, both because he was grateful for the effort Cas was making for him and because the gesture allowed him to hide his face while he got his expression under control. Dean was sure it would be the perfect gift for any meat lover who hadn’t almost suffered a terrible fate at the hands of a turducken.
“I’ll have a word with her,” he promised and gave Alfie’s shoulder a comforting squeeze. The young man smiled up at him. He looked more relaxed as he got his sketchbook out of his bag and sat down on the stool behind the counter.
Dean woke in the middle of the night wrapped around the angel. Apparently, his body remembered something he didn’t. Whatever. He rolled over and went back to sleep.
Chuck Shurley had been an expert in spoon-feeding people hate and, as a child, Cas had swallowed it up because he hadn’t known anything else. It was only when he was older that he understood how despicable his father’s views were. So, Cas knew what it was like to want to distance yourself from the bigotry and hatred you’d been brought up in when you realised just how abhorrent that mindset was. He wanted to have faith in the innate goodness of humanity, to hope that even people who had once believed vile things could be redeemed. Second chances and new beginnings were important to him.
“But I'm thankful for things.” Cas frowned, wrinkling his nose adorably. “There are too many turkey-based holidays. It’s confusing. I don’t see why you wouldn’t be thankful on Christmas too.”
Sam and Dean sat in the kitchen for an hour talking, really talking. This had been a long time coming, not just Dean's admission to Sam but his acknowledgment to himself that he was bisexual. He’d known on some level that he wasn’t exactly straight but it was the kind of thing he tried not to think about too hard. He’d been thinking about it a lot more ever since Cas had come into his life though. It was such a relief to finally speak the words that had been rattling around in his head with increasingly loudness for so long. Sam’s acceptance of his sexuality sort of felt like a sign that he should accept himself too.
Cas dropped on the bed next to him and wrapped a shaking Dean in his arms. And if there were tears, his husband didn’t mention them, just sat there stroking his hair and whispering comforting words to him until he’d regained his equilibrium.
Meg poured coffee from the French press into a mug that said ‘I Like My Coffee Black Just Like My Metal’ on the side and nudged it over to him. Cas added an ungodly amount of cream and watched as the coffee lightened. Looking down at the milky colour, he wondered if there was such a thing as beige metal, the mildest of all the metal subgenres. He stirred in a spoonful of sugar and took a grateful sip.
Dean adored the look of intense concentration on his face, the quiet satisfaction he showed when he figured out the rules of the game and the little nod of approval he gave when one of the players made a home run. His heart swelled with love until it was almost painful, or maybe that was just heartburn from the hotdog. He looked at Cas, no, it was definitely an inordinate amount of love surging through him. This man. This man meant so much to him that he didn’t know where to put all of these feelings.
Dean returned the salute and thoughtfully sipped his beer. He remembered listening to those songs as a teenager and revelling in the fact that John Winchester, straightest man in the world, would unwittingly play rock songs with guys singing about—as far as Dean was concerned—anal sex. It felt like there was a subtle rebellion in reframing the narrative of those lyrics in a way his father was sure to disapprove of.
The installation was about ten meters long and wide enough for them to walk through side by side with a high ceiling that arched over them. It looked like a strange crystalline ice cave, made of triangles of colourful acrylic glass and mirrors. The uniform shards looked almost like they glowed with iridescence. Luminous purple dominated the structure, but there was also blue with hints of green and pink turning to orange like a vibrant sunset.
I'm working on more Dean and Cas. Not sure yet what I'll do next, might do a time stamp or short sequel to this, or I might start another long fic. Maybe subscribe to me if you're interested in upcoming fics :)
want to fuck Cas in a bar bathroom. He wanted to fuck him anywhere Cas would have him. But he also had some sappy idea that their first time ought to be special. If there wasn’t going to be candles and roses, there should at least be a bed. He grabbed Cas’s hand, hauled him to his feet and hurried him outside.
Cas rolled them over so he was on top. He kissed Dean roughly before drawing back and working a hand between them to grasp both their cocks.
Dean took Cas’s arm and raised it to his lips, kissing the lines of his tattoo. He shifted to face Cas more fully and curved his hand around his cheek. “You’re so strong, Cas.”
The bar was busy but not so crowded that they couldn’t get a table. They sat across from each other on tall stools with a small wooden table between them. Cas’s mostly full beer and Dean’s empty one sat on the scuffed table next to Cas’s baseball merch. He’d removed his baseball cap when they arrived, which left his hair slightly squashed in a way that made Dean want to run his hands through it to return it to its usual coif. The foam finger had come off too. ‘There’s no one from the team here to see me supporting them,’ Cas had explained. Rock played on the jukebox at just the right volume to be able to enjoy the music while still being able to hold a conversation.
Gentile nonsense or not, Rufus was always happy to accept the bottle of Johnnie Walker Blue Label that Sam and Dean got him every year. Dean felt a bit like he wasn’t putting the effort in when they got Rufus the same thing every Christmas, but the last time they hadn’t gotten him Johnnie Walker, Rufus complained, ‘It’s tradition, ya idjits.’ Because, of course, Rufus had picked up calling him and Sam idjits from Bobby. That was tradition too, he supposed.
Gabriel pronounced ‘pied-à-terre’ with a pretentious French accent that Dean thought was totally unnecessary. He had no clue how Gabriel knew his friend in the FBI had found him. He was sure he hadn’t mentioned Vic’s involvement to Sam. He’d barely mentioned anything to Sam since Cas’s past was private and not something he’d share, even with Sam, without making sure Cas was okay with it. But Gabriel was a damn know-it-all. Who could say how he’d found out?
“Of course he doesn’t remember- he had amnesia!” Dean said defensively. The plot by the leviathans to turn people into complacent cattle by drugging food, starting with those damn delicious turducken slammers at Biggersons, had happened when Cas had lost his memory and been living as Emmanuel. “You can hardly blame him for being out of the loop. And it’s not like I had time to catch him when he did get his memory back, what with him taking all your crazy into himself and checking into the freaking nut house!”
This is sort of a stand alone story but since Dean's emotions and motivations are closely tied to what happened in the previous story, I decided to post it as a second chapter rather than separately.
been given to him by the captain of the wrestling team. It had been more in the vein of a courting gift, though, or what passed as an attempt at seduction between horny fifteen-year-olds. A ‘look at these hot naked guys, wanna get naked with me sometime?’ kind of thing.
Cas manfully resisted the urge to make any jokes about having Dean in his hands and said, “Let’s go to the atrium. They have an exhibit I love there called
“Put me down, asshole!” she said laughing. Dean let her down and grinned at her when she punched his shoulder. “It’s nice to see you too, I suppose.”
Cas shook his head and Dean went to the kitchen to caffeinate more in an effort to stay awake. He put another couple of mince pies on a plate since Cas had polished off the ones he’d put out before. It made Dean feel warm and fuzzy that Cas appreciated his baking so much. He definitely needed to bake more if it got Cas to make those little orgasmic noises he’d been making earlier.
Cas stared at the words until they blurred slightly. He didn’t want to risk his heart. He didn't do romantic relationships, not since he was a teenager. It was safer that way. Safer for everyone.
He didn’t know how to answer, Cas’s words or his feelings. He got up and said, “I’m going to go to bed. Will you come?”
“Fine, we’ll put on that abomination. Defile this sacred space,” Dean said, turning to glare at his brother.
Dean turned Travelling Riverside Blues down a few notches before saying, “I’m taking you to see the Wildcats.”
Shaking his head, he looked over at Cas and realised he didn’t mind waiting as long as his boyfriend was there next to him. Dean leaned in to kiss him on the cheek.
Dean was just emerging from his room with the tray when Sam walked down the corridor. His glance took in the two cups on the tray and flicked to the slightly open door behind him. Dean followed his gaze to the bed. Cas was lying down again because there'd been more cuddling once the toast was finished. All that was visible from this angle was an indistinguishable lump beneath the covers. Dean pulled the door shut behind him and turned to face a smirking Sam.
“I’m sorry, Cas, I remember, I’m so sorry-” His voice cracked on the last word and he gulped convulsively.
He didn’t. Cas never talked about it. Well, he’d gotten drunk and told Meg years ago. And then later, he’d told his therapist, when he could afford one. But Cas was still muzzy from sleep. His defences probably weren’t as high as they usually were, so he ended up telling Dean the truth, or at least some of the truth, some of the darkest parts of the truth even.
They drove in silence for a while apart from Cas humming along off-key to the song. Spotify must be playing the album or song radio or something, because the music segued straight into Shake It Off next. Dean found his fingers tapping on the steering wheel a little. Okay, he could admit that he thought this one was catchy, but it was probably only because Charlie had played him the Screaming Females version of the song and that was actually pretty good. It didn’t count as liking a Taylor Swift song if you just liked the rock cover of it, right? Yeah, that was fine.
“Maybe I will,” Dean said loftily, or at least with as much tipsy dignity as he could muster while talking about random men’s room hookups.
Dean stopped at the next Gas-N-Sip for road food. He got some chilli lime jerky to snack on and Cas chewed slowly on a single piece for the rest of the journey. Food still tasted mostly of molecules to him but he’d come to appreciate the nuances more. And he liked the ritual of sharing food with those close to him.
Cas lowered himself to lie across Dean and began a leisurely exploration of his mouth. He pressed soft kisses to his lips and licked inside, mapping the contours with his tongue. The tender attention left Dean feeling a little vulnerable in a way that shoving someone up against a wall and fucking their brains out never did. But, he supposed, this wasn’t just fucking, this was making love and Dean didn’t normally do that. It scared him a little. He didn’t push Cas away though, he pulled him closer. Dean gripped his shoulders and sighed into his mouth.
“Of course,” Cas said, squeezing his hand reassuringly. “I heard you in the hall. Go talk to Sam. I’m fine.”
Turning away a touch regretfully, Dean went to the bathroom. He emptied his bladder and then stood for what was definitely too long with his hand on the flush, wondering whether to push it or not. Cas had looked so peaceful and he didn’t want to wake him. But he also didn’t want Cas to get up later, use the bathroom and think Dean was the kind of hippy who just let it mellow if it was yellow. In the end, he flushed the damn toilet. He wasn’t an animal.
Cas was naked seconds later and Dean struggled to rid himself of his own clothes as quickly as possible without actually drawing back from Cas more than a few inches. Cas grinned up at him.
“Cas, listen, I’m sorry. This morning, it was thoughtless, I shouldn’t have... Not just this morning, yesterday too. I’ve been making things difficult for you this whole time and you haven’t done anything to deserve it. Earlier... did I... did you...”
Dean kissed Cas desperately and he returned the kiss with equal fervour. He drew back slightly and watched Cas as he thrust inside him. Cas held his gaze and eagerly canted his hips up to meet him. Dean broke the eye contact only to kiss Cas again. He kissed his mouth, his cheek, his neck, while he moved gently inside him, murmured his name and caressed his body with careful hands. They rocked together leisurely for a long time before Dean’s measured thrusts took on a more frenetic quality. Cas wasn’t the only one who tended to lose control when they fucked. He made a happy little noise at Dean’s change of pace and gripped him tighter. His blunt nails were digging into Dean’s back in a way that he knew from experience would leave a mark. The little points of pressure spurred him on. He grunted and fucked Cas harder. He shifted his hold from Cas’s hip to move his hand between them. Dean was close and he wanted Cas to come before he did, while he was still inside him. It only took a few strokes before Cas was clinging to him and shouting his name as he came. Then Cas wrapped his legs around him and held on while Dean chased his own orgasm. He thrust hard, burying himself deep in his lover’s body and spilling inside him.
Despite his words, Dean didn't normally let one-night stands fuck him either. In a relationship, he was a pretty solid switch, but when it came to one-night stands, bottoming just made him feel more vulnerable than topping and he didn’t want to be vulnerable with a virtual stranger. But Cas? Somehow, he didn’t feel like a stranger and Dean wanted whatever Cas would give him. Dean wanted to be close to him. He wanted to be joined with him. He
“Only for a fee? Since when are you gay for pay?” she asked as she swept through the door, graceful even though the actual freaking ballgown she was wearing looked too wide to fit through the entrance.
It was wrapped in silver paper decorated with bright sprigs of mistletoe, which made Dean smile. Looked like he wasn’t the only one with fond memories of the mistletoe incident. Two pieces of wrapping paper had been put on either side of the largish box and haphazardly folded over. The whole thing had then been wrapped a dozen times in tape going both lengthwise and widthwise around the box. It was a very thorough job and looked impossible to get into. Luckily, Dean had put his boots on earlier, so he had his trusty boot knife. A hunter should never go anywhere without a knife as far as he was concerned, even if he was only going to open presents apparently. Carefully, he sliced away the tape to get to the gift underneath. It was a colourful box covered in foamy mugs of beer. Bold black letters declared it to be a Brew Your Own Beer Kit from Family Business Beer Co.
Other people were walking around inside, but they were hard to make out in the gloom. Despite the numerous people, only hushed whispers could be heard. The darkness and quiet gave the cavernous interior an eerie feel. It was almost pitch black when they reached the back wall.
But there was no ghost or miraculous resurrection. It was never him, always just a trick of Cas’s grief-stricken mind. There’d be a flash of movement in Cas’s periphery and for a moment he’d still expect it would be his friend, his... his... he’d still expect to see
“But you’re not an actor?” Dean asked, looking at Gabriel suspiciously. He felt suddenly protective of Sam as he wondered if Gabriel had lied about being some hotshot actor to try to get in his pants.
The momentary panic of last night had faded by the morning though and Dean was feeling more sanguine. Spending the night sleeping next to each other had calmed him.
They lingered in the kitchen nursing beers long after the food was gone. Sam finally left the table around the time Dean and Cas started playing footsie under it. That was fine, he’d eaten all his turducken and two slices of pie, so Cas was happy.
