“No?” John chuckled, but didn’t protest. He kissed Sherlock’s cheek and pulled him closer, and it was perfect. “I suppose if we end up glued together with come we’ll just have to shower together.”
“You love me,” John repeats in a disturbingly calm, steely tone of voice, and his lips turn into a lethal smile that makes Sherlock’s blood run cold. “You
“John,
Sherlock’s voice is hoarse by now, John’s name never leaving his lips as he rams his cock in at a brutal pace, the bed creaking under them and it feels like the entire world is shaking with the intensity of Sherlock’s thrusts.
It’s as if a brick of ice had suddenly appeared in Sherlock’s stomach. “Wh-what?” he stammers, sitting up straight, but there can be no misunderstanding. He’s never mentioned John to Robert or anyone else in the village – not consciously. There’s only one possible explanation.
“You keep looking at my mouth,” he blurted out one day after several subtle and fruitless attempts to steer the conversation in a direction that would give him a clue whether Robert would be receptive to his advances. He cringed internally at his own directness, but at least it would be out of the way.
He drops two tea bags into mugs and pours hot water over them. He wants to retreat to the relative safety of the living room, but he forces himself not to. This is where it happened, so this is where they will discuss it.
“John,” he means to say, but what comes out is more a sob than a word. He knows, rationally, that he should be happy, and on some deep level he
“Hm? Help with what?”
Somehow, that makes John look even more miserable. Sherlock doesn’t understand where this is coming from. Is it some sort of misplaced sense of guilt for not returning Sherlock’s feelings? That’s absurd.
Sherlock nods. He doesn’t know if it’s the answer John wants, but he can’t possibly lie about this – he loves it.
“By the way, when I stopped by the morgue, Molly was completely unfocused because apparently you gave her a spa weekend for her birthday. She couldn’t talk about anything else.”
John blinks at him. “Are you saying that you get—overwhelmed? Too much data?”
“You sound like my therapist,” John says, a classic deflection, but Sherlock won’t let him get away with it.
Sherlock can feel his cheeks flare. He knows he’s sensitive to praise, but it seems even worse now given the purpose of his visit.
“I’m sorry,” he managed to get out before he had to scramble out of bed and run for the bathroom, his legs nearly giving out under him.
“What? No, I mean Midsomer, as in Midsomer Murders, the TV show? You’ve never heard of Midsomer Murders?
Jack starts yapping as soon as he hears someone climbing up the stairs, but Sherlock ignores him – he’s trying to teach him it’s not okay to interrupt Sherlock while he’s playing the violin unless it’s an emergency, and this is just John. This is the fourth time they’ve arranged to meet after the day in the park – there was the vampire case (which naturally didn’t turn out to involve any actual vampires), a small matter involving a lost family heirloom and another outing with Rosie. It’s been… good, Sherlock thinks. They’re nowhere near their previous rapport, but the atmosphere between them is getting less strained and awkward.
? Instead, they sit together in the shade in the garden, watching the beehives and drinking Robert’s homemade cider in companionable silence, and that’s nice too.
“I know, sorry!” John speaks quickly, lifting a hand in a placating gesture. “I didn’t mean… sorry.” He drops his gaze, runs a hand over his face. “This isn’t a good start.”
Sherlock wakes in the dark, feeling disoriented for a moment. It was still light when he fell asleep; he has no idea what time it is, evening or morning. He stretches, his muscles protesting – he’s getting too old to sleep on the sofa curled up into a tight ball. He’s covered with a blanked – Mrs Hudson must have come up. Hopefully she brought some food – Sherlock finds he’s ravenous. Is it sex or crying, he wonders idly, that makes you exhausted and hungry? Possibly both.
” he chants as he rocks faster, utterly wanton, and John fists his cock harder, wanting to give Sherlock the orgasm he so desperately needs. He moves the slider on the remote up a notch, and then, almost immediately, to the highest setting.
“I thought you must’ve fallen asleep in there,” he remarked lightly, looked up and stilled suddenly, as if in surprise. Sherlock didn’t think he looked any different than usual, but something about his features had clearly caught John’s attention.
“Like that? Does that feel good?” Robert asks, even though the answer must be obvious.
“The sooner you get your cock in me, the sooner you’ll find out,” Terry says, cupping Sherlock through his trousers.
Sherlock swallows and nods sharply. Then he disengages himself from John’s arms and disappears for the bathroom.
), he assumed things could be naturally steered towards handjobs or blowjobs, he’s not prepared for this kind of directness.
John hummed in response, and Sherlock could almost hear him thinking, trying to understand what Sherlock meant, to figure out how he could make things easier for him. Sherlock’s heart swelled with love and gratitude. He sat up abruptly, disengaging himself from John’s arms so that he could face him.
Sherlock holds his gaze for a long time. He knows that John means it with every fibre of his being, and perhaps that’s enough. He’s filled with a sudden feeling of profound relief: this is what he needed, to see John determined to do better by him. Only time will tell if John will keep his word, but for now, the intent is enough. They can work through the rest.
but his mind balks at such an interpretation. Thinking about himself and John in such terms doesn’t seem right at all. John just chose a wrong way to express his entirely justified anger at Sherlock, that’s all there is, it must be.
The question is, does John still feel the same way? Does Sherlock even want him to? Because no matter how he looks at it, it’s clear now that it was whatever John felt for Sherlock that made him lash out and hurt Sherlock. Could a love so tainted ever recover into something healthy?
Sherlock decides to be kind. “No. It – takes one to know one, I suppose.”
“Is this actual olive oil?” John growls.
And option four… that would be particularly tricky. Should Sherlock wait for John to work things out for himself, perhaps with the help of his therapist, or should he address it somehow? It’s possible John is apprehensive about certain acts in particular (being the “receiving” partner in anal sex or performing fellatio, in all probability), and in that case it might help him to know Sherlock does not insist upon them at all. He might also benefit from knowing that Sherlock is happy to wait as long as John needs him to. Sherlock has managed to get to his late thirties without having sex, abstinence is certainly not a problem for him. (Although it is true his libido seems to have awakened since he and John got together. He certainly has to resort to self-gratification much more frequently – he now does it almost every time he takes a shower, while before he could go without for days or even weeks.) He’d gladly wait
“So how did you use to get yourself off?” he whispers in Sherlock’s ear as he runs his hands all over Sherlock’s chest before licking at his earlobe and then taking it between his teeth, not biting, just letting him feel a slight pressure.
“I’m so sorry, love. I thought… the sounds you were making, I honestly thought you were enjoying it.”
hit him, would Sherlock really be strong enough to end things there and then? He believes he would, but there’s no guarantee. Is there even a way for them to be together
Or maybe there’s something seriously wrong with him for still wanting that after everything John did to him. Maybe it means that he’s not recovered as well as thinks,  that in the end, John still has absolute power over him.
“Uh, I have a hand lotion?” he says, feeling himself blush at what must be an obvious giveaway of his inexperience.
In the end, Sherlock asks Mrs Hudson to watch Rosie overnight - John protests that he can’t keep imposing on her like this and that wanting to have sex is certainly not a good enough reason, but he gives in quickly, clearly just as impatient as Sherlock. Mrs Hudson is have Rosie spend the night with her, and the pleased look she gives Sherlock makes it more than clear that she has no doubt about why exactly John will be spending the night – and that she approves.
“You really don’t leave anything to chance, do you?” he chuckled and reached for one of the tubes. Now that Sherlock thought about it, it had probably been stupid of him to get so many kinds, but the reviews online had been inconclusive and he wasn’t sure what John preferred…
He finally stumbles into his room and collapses on the bed, shaking uncontrollably. He wishes he had never come here, never made this realisation. How is he supposed to live with this?
if Sherlock had decided to abstain from sex instead? That thought annoys Sherlock even more, because John has absolutely
“Everything,” Sherlock says, unable to look at John.
John pressed two fingers inside him, not teasing, just checking he was adequately stretched and adding more lube. Sherlock bit his lip to stifle a whimper. He was ready for John, wet and spread wide open, ready to be taken. He just needed it over.
“Oh, she never minded. Surely even you must have noticed that she
John always notices it before Sherlock does. Sherlock will be distracted and irritable all day, uncomfortable in his own skin but unconsciously sensual: licking his lips, touching his neck, stroking his thighs. He’ll think he’s just bored, not realising it’s his libido waking up and requesting what Sherlock has been denying his body in the last few weeks. John will know what it is, though: he knows the signs, and he’ll spend most of the day trying to stifle his own growing arousal, waiting until Sherlock is ready. Sherlock won’t realise what’s going on until he catches himself doing something blatantly obvious, like humping the sofa. Or, like now, sitting in his chair with his legs spread wide and rubbing his crotch absently while he scrolls down on his phone.
“I’m not a
Sherlock thinks fast, or perhaps he doesn’t think at all. He doesn’t know which act exactly John has in mind, but the general gist is clear: he wants sex, he wants it now, and he wants it from Sherlock (technically: he wants it from the only person currently available. Better not worry about details.) Obstacle: Sherlock’s undeniable maleness – an obvious reminder that he’s Sherlock, not Mary come back from the dead, or any other person John might conceivably want. There’s only one solution.
“Sherlock?” John asks in confusion when Sherlock freezes in his arms, and then, probably thanks to the no doubt beetroot red shade of Sherlock’s face, he catches on. “Did you just—?”
I need --!”
“Poison,” he breathes.
He doesn’t know how long it lasts, seconds or hours of monotonous pounding, but eventually John thrusts in harder than ever, burying himself deep with a strangled groan.
John is asleep.
“Me too,” says Patrick. “You deserve it so much, Scott. But if it doesn’t, just say the word and I’ll put you in touch with my graphic designer, you’d love him, he’s dreamy.”
“Come up, then,” Sherlock says.
John briefly covered his face with his hands. “Yeah,” he mumbled, and then looked at Sherlock. “I’m sorry. We don’t have to do that, not ever, and certainly not before you feel completely ready.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” John sighed, and then he wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pulling him close. “It’ll be all right, I promise. We’ll figure it out.”
He does manage to give John a powerful orgasm, and things seem all right after that. The next time they have sex John doesn’t attempt to touch him, and Sherlock retains enough control of his body not to embarrass them both again.
John looked at him with hungry eyes and Sherlock moved to the bed quickly, trying to escape the heat of his gaze.
“Sometimes, yeah. But this is where I grew up, and it’s beautiful here. Have you had chance to see any of our famous sights? The Aare Gorge, the Reichenbach Falls?”
Client.
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock demands, his voice rasping. If John wanted to tell him that they could no longer be friends under the new circumstances, he wouldn’t have come, but if he’s here to
John shakes his head. “No, you – you didn’t do anything wrong. That was, uh, good. Thank you.” He stands up, pulls Sherlock to his feet and wraps his arms around him. Sherlock immediately rests his cheek on the top of John’s head – he’ll never get tired of how good this feels.
had to pull John away from him, and why on earth did Sherlock think that was all right when
“Come here,” Robert murmurs with a sad kind of smile as he opens his arms and pulls Sherlock to his broad chest. It almost surprises Sherlock that they’re both still naked, that a few moments ago they were having frantic sex. That experience seems somehow completely removed from the raw intimacy of this moment. Sherlock relaxes against Robert and tries to enjoy the comfort the embrace gives him. Tears prickle in the corners of his eyes, but he feels somehow lighter.
And why did John do it? Sherlock can’t fathom his reasoning or motivations at all. Anger and violent behaviour are well in line with John’s MO, but this? John often does things he regrets afterwards, but this is bound to leave behind not just remorse for hurting a friend but also disgust for engaging in a sexual act with a man. Why would he do something so out of character just to punish Sherlock? Will he be able to even just look at Sherlock after this?
“A cup of tea before bed?” Sherlock offers instead, hopeful.
John shuffles to the kitchen, and even though Sherlock isn’t looking at him he can read the awkward hesitance of his movements – he’s not angry, at least not yet. He’s just nervous.
She shrugs one shoulder, smiling at him infuriatingly. “True, although I still had doubts whether you’d actually show up. But that’s not what I meant.” Her gaze drops to his throat. “I was referring to the fact that you either need to keep your scarf on, or invest in some better quality make-up.” She smirks at him, and Sherlock freezes as he vividly remembers Patrick’s lips latching onto his pulse point last night. He covered it up, but the make-up he stole from Mrs Hudson must have rubbed off on his collar. It takes all of his willpower not to touch the spot that suddenly seems to be burning and try to hide it, and he immediately loses some of his confidence.
Sherlock turns his face to John, seeking his lips, and when John kisses him Sherlock feels like he could come right now, just from John’s lips on his and his own fingers deep in his arse.
“I don’t want penetration,” Sherlock blurts out before he has time to think about his rather clinical word choice, needing, suddenly, to make that absolutely clear.
Sherlock answers, a hint of impatience colouring his voice.
“Did he hurt you?” he asks carefully. The low simmer of anger that bubbles up at the thought is almost welcome, clear and simple among the confusion of the rest of his emotions.
He pushes his hands underneath Sherlock’s shoulders and lowers himself down on his forearms carefully, until they are flush chest to chest, and Sherlock wraps his arms tighter around John’s back. This is perfect, they’re so close, closer than close. His mouth seeks out John’s and they kiss, hungry and messy, Sherlock opening his mouth wide and inviting John’s tongue in. John’s tongue in his mouth and John’s cock in his arse – just that knowledge is almost unbearably intense. He’s John’s, John has claimed him, he is completely, utterly John’s.
“Hm,” John says, a lot of judgment in such a brief syllable. “And I bet you haven’t showered or eaten anything today, have you? You know, you could at least
because it seemed to create a sort of connection between them, but now it’s obviously only because John’s checking the size of Sherlock’s pupils. John grabs Sherlock’s right wrist and pulls up his sleeve, examining the crook of Sherlock’s elbow for fresh puncture marks. Sherlock wonders if John is more observant that Sherlock gives him credit for, if he’s suspicious because he noticed Sherlock feels guilty.
He mixes the penne and the sauce and inclines the pot towards John.
The hairdresser’s name tag says he’s called Florian, and he’s obviously gay. If the way he dresses didn’t give him away, it would be more than clear from the way his gaze sweeps over Sherlock with evident appreciation as he says, “Mr Siegerson, please come in and make yourself comfortable.”
Sherlock hesitated.  “I—I don’t know,” he said, feeling stupid. “Anything. I haven’t exactly had the opportunity to form preferences.”
– closes around the head of Sherlock’s penis.
It was perfect: utterly beautiful. Sherlock made a loose fist around John’s girth and stroked up and down tentatively. John hummed in appreciation and Sherlock tightened his grip and made his strokes firmer. He felt his focus sharpening, the world around fading away until all that was left was John’s flesh in his hand and John’s sighs of appreciation: “Fuck, Sherlock, you feel so good, so good, yeah…”
“Please,” John whimpers, fingers scrambling over Sherlock’s shoulders. “Please, I need—“
John stands up again, throwing a pillow on the floor by his feet. Sherlock is down and kneeling on it before he knows it.
. John has barely a third of Sherlock’s cock in his mouth but even that is almost too much - the slick wet heat, John’s tongue and lips, licking and
Heat rises in Sherlock’s cheeks. He can imagine few things more embarrassing than John cleaning up after Sherlock’s sexual encounter with another man, after Sherlock told him he was in love with him. (If that term can even be reasonably applied to what was essentially an assisted wank. For a lot of people it would probably not even count as sex. Sherlock will count it, though, seeing as he’s unlikely to ever do anything that would meet the criteria better. And it was, all things considered, probably the best orgasm of his life – his self-inflicted ones are hardly any competition, since he never really takes time with himself.) Well. He’ll just have to grit his teeth and bear it, like all the rest of it.
“John,” he breathes against John’s neck, voice full of want. “John.”
“Maybe,” John says, fixing him with an icy stare. What’s got into him? He has no reason to doubt Sherlock’s commitment to his sobriety. Sherlock has been nothing but obedient.
“What does it look like? I can cook. What did you think, that I survive on take away and whatever Mrs Hudson brings?”
“Is that… comfortable?” he asks stupidly and Terry laughs, not unkindly.
John frowns a little.
he felt high on being able to give John this. And John didn’t seem to find things too quick or boring anyway, he was clearly enjoying it, head thrown back, eyes screwed shut, encouraging Sherlock to go on.
It’s Sherlock’s turn now to clean them up, and he does so gently but not nearly as thoroughly as John did before, too tired to care. They curl up in each other’s arms, and Sherlock could hardly imagine anything better than this – happy and sated, John’s warm body close to his as they drift off to sleep.
assistant. It’s good to know that dear old Dr Watson has finally seen sense.”
Robert looked at him with a sort of suspicion in his eyes, as if he thought he’d misunderstood, or that Sherlock was trying to make fun of him somehow.
Patrick and Sam do the thing where they have an entire conversation just with a look.
Sherlock complies immediately, lying on his front, arms in a loose circle around his head.
, not worse. “I was glad to do anything that… anything.”
“I love it when you get like this, so desperate for me,” John pants as he settles himself on his back and pulls Sherlock between his legs, their erections rubbing against each other.
They climb the seventeen steps in silence. Sherlock thinks about the first time he brought John here. How excited he was, how eager, even then, to please John, make him like him, make him stay. Everything was so much simpler then. So much less pain and heartbreak.
“Okay?” John panted, clearly having felt the shiver running through Sherlock’s body. He moved one hand to Sherlock’s back, running it up and down in firm, comforting stokes.
When he comes back to the bedroom, John has already gone.
The habit to keep quiet is strong, though, so Sherlock presses his lips to John’s in order to muffle his moan when John’s thumb flicks over the tip of Sherlock’s cock. It’s nothing like when Sherlock does this himself – his masturbatory sessions are always brief and to the point, but John’s clearly intent on driving Sherlock to ecstasy, and just that knowledge is almost enough to make Sherlock come.
“It’s not the same.”
“It’s you who’s incredible,” Sherlock says, slurring his words a little, and John is pretty sure Sherlock will need more than a couple of minutes to get his strength back this time. “Water?”
John kissed the top of his head. He was clearly still upset, but he wasn’t rejecting Sherlock, and that was the main thing. Sherlock would do all he could to deserve it.
“Yes. I don’t know. I think so. But I want us to be friends, like we used to be. Not… people who hurt each other. If he can’t do that… then no.”
Sherlock nodded. He uncapped the bottle slowly and squeezed a dollop of lube onto his palm.
“I don’t know. He disappeared a few days after y-- Not disappeared! Sorry, bad word choice,” Molly corrects herself hastily when Sherlock’s expression turns alarmed. “He just – cut off contact with everyone and moved in with his sister, apparently.”
He had thought about his apprehension extensively, and he thought that he knew where it stemmed from. The main root of the problem was that, up until now, his sexuality had been an entirely private thing and the only kind of sexual behaviour he had ever engaged in was (mostly quite perfunctory) masturbation. As such, Sherlock had grown accustomed to sexual release occurring in utter privacy, and to let someone take part in it now, after so long, felt like—it felt almost like he was about to let someone watch him as he emptied his bowels (and it didn’t help that, after he’d made this comparison in his head, he realised that in the activities they were most likely to engage in, traces of faecal matter couldn’t be entirely ruled out). He felt ridiculously embarrassed just thinking about it – how could he let John see the no doubt contorted, scrunched-up facial expressions, hear the ridiculous noises he would make? He would be panting and writhing and moaning and reacting without conscious thought and John would witness it – the thought was mortifying. He’d had sexual fantasies about John before, but those were blurry and really quite abstract – he’d never given much thought to the logistics of it before now.
It’s an enormous effort to break the kiss, but Sherlock does it anyway.
Thank you so much to everyone who's given this story a chance despite the difficult topic. Have a very happy 2019!
Maybe that will change in time. A few months ago, he could never have imagined considering masturbation something more than just a necessary evil, let alone enjoying and even craving the sweaty messiness of sex. Maybe he just needs more time. Maybe in a few months or years, he’ll be able to learn to love someone else.
“-- but I don’t really care for the rest of it. I like my peace and quiet. The bees are all the company I need.” He looks at Sherlock from the corner of his eye, as if he’s expecting a specific kind of response he’s heard many times. “This isn’t a sad story.”
tell me you understand now that it’s not true. There’s nothing you did or could ever have done that would give me any right to treat you the way I did.”
Molly texts him the day after John’s visit, excited that they’re about to babysit together. They arrange to meet before the entrance to the London Zoo and Sherlock arrives a bit late just to be sure that he’ll avoid whoever brings Rosie. He doesn’t think it would be John, but he’d rather not risk it.
. I don’t need to hear it.”
John as much as he wanted. It had been pure bliss – but now it was time to move things a step further.
Sherlock only hums in response, momentarily sated, but John knows it’s not going to last long. He keeps as still as he can, waiting for Sherlock to wind down a little. When he feels he’s given Sherlock enough time to recover, he begins to move inside him.
Unable to keep themselves upright any longer, they collapse on top of each other on the bed. John hasn’t come yet but he feels like he’s made of jelly anyway – and
“Irene?” John repeats. His voice is strained and he avoids Sherlock’s eyes, but he’s obviously trying to keep himself in check. “She’s back in London, then?” he asks, feigning polite interest and failing miserably. His left hand flexes.
Sherlock can barely wrap his head around what he’s feeling about the whole thing, but it helps to relay it all to Ella in impersonal, dispassionate terms. Ella isn’t like Dr Schneider, her gaze isn’t so piercing, she doesn’t make Sherlock feel like she already knows everything about him so there’s no point in hiding or pretending, but she knows John, she knows their history, and that makes it a bit easier. She tells him she’s pleased with the progress he’s made since the last time she saw him – and Sherlock knows that she’s right, that he’s so much more self-aware, more conscious and less afraid of his own emotions now, but at the same time it feels like all of the sense of peace and clarity he cultivated while he was away has crumbled into dust. Ella says that was only to be expected, that coming back to what made him go away in the first place was bound to be a setback, but that he should be able get back on track much faster now.
“You feel incredible, love,” John whispers to him. “I love you so much, you’re amazing.”
Sherlock nodded against John’s neck.
“You really are the best and wisest human being I’ve ever known,” John says softly, with so much sincerity in his voice that Sherlock just can’t bear it anymore. He steps forward and does what he should have done almost seven years ago on a cold January night: he takes John’s head in his hands and kisses him.
John arrives flushed and breathless an hour later, excited and ready to go.
Sherlock can’t stop himself from crying out as he is
Robert pulls out of him carefully, still rock hard. Of course he is – holding himself up on his forearms while barely moving couldn’t have been doing much for him, no matter how intense it felt to Sherlock. He disposes of the condom and ignores his erection in favour of checking on Sherlock, wiping beads of sweat from his forehead.
“John, wait!” Molly calls after him. “I think – I think there’s a letter for you on the mantel.”
“I bet you drew it out sometimes, didn’t you? You were dying to touch your cock, but you didn’t, you drew it out until you were gagging for it, didn’t you? Just like now.”
Encouraged by how wrecked Sherlock’s voice sounds, John lowers his head and nibbles at Sherlock’s inner thigh, licks at the soft skin in the crease where his leg joins his backside.
working on it and I want to be the sort of person you believed me to be.”
“He wasn’t?” Now John doesn’t understand at all, and Sherlock just keeps looking down, utterly dejected. It’s completely wrong. Sherlock doesn’t behave like this, not even when he’s hurt. He lashes out in self-defence, or he shuts everyone out. He doesn’t do
“No, keep still,” John says, laying a hand on Sherlock’s hips. “Can you do that for me?” Sherlock stills obediently, but John can tell what an effort it is, and he plans to make up for it. “Very good.”
and the very concrete experience of having a hot, half-naked man in his bedroom. Desire surges in him, different from the simple need to touch he’s felt until now, and he kisses Florian hungrily.
“I want you to touch me,” he said carefully, “but it
can it be so different when the only thing that isn’t the same is the hand holding the base of the toy? He turns his head to the side and kisses Robert, needy and messy, as his body adapts and responds to the gentle movements inside him. He’s learned to appreciate the vulnerability of sex, but this is something else, something more, his body opening to another. Sherlock whimpers into the kiss when Robert finds the perfect angle to stimulate his prostate just right, but a moment’s later that’s no longer a sufficient outlet and he has to break the kiss and throw his head back in a loud moan.
“That’s really no excuse,” Robert says, his face creased with concern and full of compassion. Sherlock nods, looking down at where he’s picking at a loose thread on the bedding. He knows now that Robert is right. Still, it feels important to be aware that he has a share of blame for messing up their relationship.
Sherlock wants to protest, to point out that he’s perfectly capable of defending himself, but then he realises that he never
It was amazing, none of his previous fears mattered now because he was giving John pleasure and that was the only important thing in the world… until John caught his wrist and stilled his hand.
he whines, something between a needy and bossy. His cock is flush against his belly, wet with John’s saliva, and his stretched hole looks painfully empty, trying to close around nothing.
White noise filled his ears and he could barely interpret John’s concerned questions. He’d done it. Ruined everything. He’d got as far as being on all fours with the tip of John’s cock inside him and hadn’t managed to go through with it and now John would leave.
“Oh,” John says almost conversationally, like they’re talking about a topic that’s totally normal for them and everything’s fine. “So he was… like her, then?” he asks, and his gaze lingers on Sherlock’s wrists, his neck, checking for bruises.
“No.” John takes a deep breath. “I didn’t fall asleep because I didn’t really pay much attention to the performance. Most of the time, I was looking at you.”
Sherlock is getting up from the sofa almost before John gets off his lap, eager to be doing what John has asked of him.
Sherlock’s pupils blow wide as John speaks, and he must know what John has in mind already – he knows that John is perfectly happy to have sex when neither of them has washed for two days, that there is really only one act John would require Sherlock to be clean for.
Sherlock nodded, desire pulsing through every fibre of his body, and then John stoked up and down his shaft, very gently, but it still felt like the friction set all of his nerve endings on fire. His testicles felt heavy with the need to come but he couldn’t get a full breath in and every touch felt amplified on his heated skin
you were nervous and I still decided that the best thing to do with a nervous virgin was to shove my dick up his arse, no questions asked! Who the fuck does that? And – oh my god, I can’t believe this! Even after you
“Like this?” he asks, teasing Sherlock’s rim. Sherlock only moans in reply, but that’s all John needs, and he pushes the toy in, not in one sharp thrust but not slowly either.
“And I… I’m… I hate not really knowing what to do,” he admitted, looking at his and John’s entwined fingers. “I’m worried I won’t be… good enough.” He felt so childish in his need for reassurance, but it was the truth, and he owed John that.
“I’m sorry.”
“Yes, come on,” John says urgently, sounding almost as wrecked as Sherlock feels. “Come on, you beautiful thing.” He fists Sherlock’s cock erratically, not really matching the rhythm of his thrusts but it doesn’t matter, it feels so good. Sherlock draws his knees closer to his chest, letting John push impossibly deeper, and he rocks his hips as much as his limited range of motion allows, trying to meet his thrusts, and the separate bursts of pleasure every time John hits his prostate start to blend together, merging into something sharp and definite.
“That was
Sherlock supposes there can’t be much difference between fellatio performed by a man and by a woman. He only needs to avoid giving John a stubble rash, he thinks as he frees John from his pants and touches him cautiously.
He regrets it immediately. What is he supposed to do now? What other recourse does he have? The world has crashed and burned and the despair weighing on him is too much to bear. He has nothing left,
He’s hurt John so much over the years in ways he can never make up for, atone for enough, John has every right to be angry with him and take it out in whatever way he sees fit, but not… not like this. Not like this.
Sherlock thinks of John’s brutal thrusts and the splitting pain and he can’t imagine wanting to do that to someone. He knows that wasn’t normal, he
Sherlock breathes, and swallows.
They meet by the pond in Regent’s Park to watch ducks. Sherlock wanted something simple and close to his home so that he could easily escape if it proved too much, and he takes Jack with him for support even though he really can’t be trusted around birds, but in the end… it’s okay.
“I love you,” John whispered as he broke the kiss to gasp for air.
wanted was to go back here and for everything to go back to the way it was before. So I convinced myself to go through with it, go through with the wedding, and suddenly I was a husband and a father and I hated myself for not wanting to be either and so I turned the hate on you. It made me feel better, somehow, to be awful to you.”
a—replacement,” he grits his teeth, “or anything like that. You’re… you. You’re who I want.”
It’s the second time they’ve held hands – if you count the time years ago when they were handcuffed together, and Sherlock does, of course he does. But it’s the first time it’s like this, with their fingers laced together, John’s thumb moving soothingly over Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock never wants to let go.
! John, please, that’s
“Thank you, Sherlock,” John said quietly, and he shifted, moving them so their faces would be level and he could look Sherlock in the eye… when Sherlock managed to get his eyes to open. “Thank you so much for letting me experience this with you. You have no idea how much it means to me that you trust me enough to do this. I love you.”
“Do you want to know why I didn’t?” he asks.
“Doing what?”
for some reason John has yet to discover, awful that he made assumptions about Sherlock’s private life in a way that clearly hurt him, awful that his best friend preferred to pay a stranger for sex rather than – rather than…
“Yes,” John interrupts him and cups Sherlock cheek. “Of course, yes, Sherlock. I was hoping you’d ask. I want – a proper home, with you and Rosie.”
“Now, John, please,” he begs, and John complies. He reaches for a condom – Sherlock can barely breathe as he watches him roll it on – and then John locks eyes with him in a silent, final request for confirmation. Sherlock nods, and there’s gentle but insistent pressure at the entrance to his body and John pushes in. Sherlock can only gasp as his body accepts,
’s never met Harry, but Molly has?
“No. This I’m certain about. He was in love with you, he was just too busy being
“Dada?” Rosie asks, looking up at Sherlock with interest. She’s so intelligent, already able to pick up words she knows in the flow of conversation.
I love your mouth, God you’re amazing.” John’s hands tighten in Sherlock’s hair, not nearly enough to hurt but enough to make Sherlock still.
” John reassures him immediately, clearly noticing that Sherlock body has immediately gone tense. How has John noticed that about him already? They have done little more than snogging so far. “That’s absolutely fine, if that’s how it is for you. But I need to know, I need to be sure that you’re all right or I can’t go on.”
“In essence,” Sherlock nods, feeling uncomfortably vulnerable. He can’t look at John.
.” He
“Oh, yeah.” John clears his throat, apparently embarrassed, and a suspicion suddenly occurs to Sherlock. Could John have… designs on Molly? Nothing in his past behaviour ever indicated he saw her as anything but a friend, but you never know, and Molly certainly helps out with Rosie a lot… “I felt bad because of how much I’ve been using her help, I think she really deserves to spend some time on herself.”
Terry stops nibbling on Sherlock’s ear and steps back a little to look at him. “What’s wrong? Are you... Did you want to bottom?”
By morning, he had come up with a sort of plan.
She encourages him to think about his own happiness, and Sherlock realises what a foreign concept it is for him. He
“Clever,” Sherlock says, but what he means is
“Maybe you just need more time,” he suggests, surprised at how gentle his voice comes out, repeating the mantra he’s lived by the last few months.
, but if he’s to be in a relationship, with John in particular? That has to be safe. A place where he’s accepted and wanted. A safe haven. His home. A family – he and John and Rosie and Jack.
normal.
“Milk!” John exclaims, breaking the moment, and Sherlock turns back to the stove just in time to lift the saucepan off the hob before the milk boils over.
I am so sorry this chapter is so late! I hope you won't have to wait quite so long for the next one but I can't make any promises.
apologise to
It’s evident that John is about to leave now, and Sherlock suddenly feels something like panic rising in his chest.
“I’m sorry,” he says. “I’m sorry.”
John fumbled with the tube cap for a moment and Sherlock hugged a pillow to himself and tried not to feel too exposed. This was for John.
Sherlock lets go of John and steps back abruptly. “Can’t I?” he snaps. It’s one thing for himself to doubt his wishes and a different thing entirely for John to do that. “That isn’t for you to decide.”
“John,” he moans helplessly, his body torn between the impulse to push against his fingers and find more of the sweet, sweet pleasure, and the need to
” John tells him. “Kiss me. Show me how much you want to be mine.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer, feeling ashamed against his will.
“Thank you,” he manages to get out. “I appreciate it, truly.” He wants to say that John is the best friend Sherlock could ever hope for anyway, that Sherlock did some horrible things to John too, but he doesn't because he doesn’t think it would help. John needs him to accept that promise, not to dismiss is it as unnecessary. And… well. It’s true he’d rather not have John take out his anger on him in the future. Still, the thought of John wanting to be better for Sherlock is decidedly odd, when by all rights it should be – and always has been – Sherlock trying to be better for John.
John blinks at him. “You’ve really thought about this.”
John clears his throat. He moves to stand by the kitchen counter on Sherlock’s right-hand side, less than two feet away from him. Sherlock tries not to tense as he searches for a saucepan.
Sherlock’s knees go weak at that but pinned as he is between the counter and John’s body he has nowhere to fall and the shift of his weight only serves to align his hips with John’s. John groans and begins kissing Sherlock even more forcefully, pulling his head down by his hair for better access, and he rocks his pelvis forward, rubbing his clothed erection against Sherlock, who is by no means soft himself at this point, despite the bewilderment he’s still feeling. His head is spinning with it, guilt and fear and arousal and panic, he doesn’t understand but he yields to the onslaught like he would to the punches. He’s dreamt about this, after all (well, not
The faint confidence Sherlock felt in the morning progressively dissipated as the day went on. This was his last chance. One failure could perhaps be tolerated, but two would be unacceptable. Sherlock wasn’t nearly good enough for John as it was and if on top of it he couldn’t even give him sex, why should John stay with him? John was incredibly attractive, he’d have no trouble finding someone else, someone capable of meeting his needs. Sherlock couldn’t let that happen.
Mrs Hudson is happy to babysit, especially when John explains it’s because he thinks Sherlock shouldn’t be alone right now. He feels like an impostor when Mrs Hudson gushes about him being “such a good friend”.
“Sorry, that… wasn’t intentional,” Sherlock says when Patrick lets go of him.
“Yes,” Sherlock says before John has even managed to complete the thought. “Please spare me your moralistic drivel.”
Sherlock tells himself.
He misses him. It’s not a new feeling: he missed him in London too, even when he saw him regularly. He missed their old connection, the comfortable silences, the ease of their companionship. Will they ever be able to have that again, or something approaching it at least after all that has happened? The question weighs on him on sleepless nights, sneaks up on him on quiet moments during the day, and the answer remains elusive.
“No,” John says and steps closer to Sherlock, takes his face in his hands. “It was incredibly hot. And I think - it’s a sign I’ve kept us waiting long enough. We wasted so much time, before, because of me. I don’t want to wait anymore.”
, in fact, live without John and that it doesn’t have to be bad life, and that’s as good as it will ever get.
“Punishing yourself through me. Do you
“What?” Patrick murmurs. “Oh, nothing. It’s just a codeword. When we first got together, I was…”
They look at each other and it seems impossible not to. Sherlock wishes he knew how to tell John what it means to him, that John is here, telling him things like that, instead of turning away from him in disgust. He wishes he could hug John, hold him close to his chest like that one, precious time. But that’s impossible now. Not so soon, maybe not ever. He couldn’t bear rejection right now, couldn’t bear it if he felt John tense in his arms, enduring Sherlock’s embrace only because of the guilt he seems to feel.
“Client? What client?” Sherlock asks and lifts his head, and his voice finally finds some inflection, a level of interest.
“So… are you very busy with cases?” John asks. He’s still hesitant, careful, but some weight seems to have lifted off his shoulders.
“John,” Sherlock said seriously. “I hope you realise that you didn’t
“She’s out,” John spits out. “Convenient, isn’t it?”
John reaches for him, not sure what he’s about to do, but Sherlock visibly flinches, so John lets his hand fall.
“Sherlock. I want that. God, I want that. I love you. You’re the only person who’s ever made me happy, of course I want to be with you, and I want to do everything in my power to make you happy. I just don’t know if it’s a good idea. You know that… well. Same-sex attraction is... a trigger for me. I can’t risk hurting you again.”
“Is it clear?” John repeats.
“Thank you.”
Afterwards, John insists they eat something. At first, Sherlock seems happy with that, sipping his tea at the kitchen table and recuperating as he watches John busying himself at the stove. When John puts a plate of scrambled eggs on toast in front of him he tucks in willingly enough, but he’s only eaten a few mouthfuls when John feels Sherlock’s bare toe stroking his ankle and calf under the table.
John thinks he can actually feel his heart breaking. Paying for sex is one thing, but paying for
He’s quite shocked at himself afterwards, but in an unexpectedly good way. Still, he begins avoiding the gym after that when he knows the banker will be there. It would be exceedingly humiliating to be caught with an erection. Not to mention that the banker is clearly straight and has a wife and two kids at home, and anyway, Sherlock despises bankers.
to, if he relapses again it will be the last time because won’t be able to get out of it anymore, he knows that and he can’t let it happen, he can’t let
Robert puts the mug and tea towel he’s holding carefully on the counter. “You said you didn’t want that.”
days when it comes to John, not anymore, but there are days that are all right. Tolerable. But this clearly isn’t one of them: John is already pissed off, his morning shift at the surgery was obviously exhausting, he had at least three separate arguments and now he’s miffed that he has to stand in for Molly instead of going home to Rosie and that he’ll have to pay the nanny for extra hours. (Somehow, John has never found it odd that the woman he’s hired to look after Rosie while he’s at work is always available when John needs her to be and charges barely a third of the average hourly rate. He believes her story that she’s a well-off old lady with no family of her own who just wants to spend time around children. Or perhaps he doesn’t, perhaps he’s aware that Sherlock pays the rest of her fees, perhaps he agrees with Sherlock’s assessment that it’s the least he can do to make up for the part he played in making Rosie motherless.) He hasn’t slept well and he’s already had several drinks – Sherlock can’t tell how many, he’s found he’s unable to judge John’s alcohol intake accurately since his tolerance seems to have increased considerably since the stag night – but it’s certainly more than what would be considered socially acceptable at this early hour. All in all, not a good day.
“Can we take this off?” John asked, tugging at the hem of Sherlock’s t-shirt. Sherlock nodded, and together they clumsily pulled the t-shirt over Sherlock’s head. John grinned at him widely. “You’re adorable with your hair all ruffled, do you know?”
Patrick glances at him, then shrugs. “We were happy to do it and we’ll be happy to do it again if you need us to, Scott,” he says, looking Sherlock firmly in the eye. “But I think you’re wasting your time with us. Don’t get me wrong, we adore you and we’ll be devastated once you get fed up with us, but it’s obvious to me that you need something that we can’t give you. You want more than this, you want…”
But before he can decide to do anything, he hears the crinkle of the condom wrapper opening, and can’t do anything anymore, just lie there and hope that his rapid breathing will pass for arousal and not panic.
sort of face-to-face interaction with John, at any rate. A brief outing with Rosie. Perhaps that’s just what they need.
“Mine, too,” he says with conviction. “Do you know what would make it even better?”
They are silent for a moment. Sherlock knows he shouldn’t ask – cold turkey, he’d decided. But he can’t help himself.
“All right?” John asks after what feels like years, the fingers of his left hand brushing Sherlock’s pubic hair, so close to where Sherlock is hard with an arousal that’s not insistent at all but somehow fills every crevice of Sherlock’s body anyway.
, that it’s been there
“Anything. I’m yours, Sherlock. You can have anything you want.”
Then, just when Sherlock thinks it can’t possibly get any better, John reaches for Sherlock’s hand, and wraps their joined hands around both of their cocks, and it’s
How on earth is he supposed to answer that question?
But is that possible? Can a healthy romantic relationship be built on the ruins of a friendship that’s suffered such terrible blows? Can he trust John not to hurt him again? And more importantly, can he really,
John grins at him. “You’re brilliant, do you know? I almost forgot about that. How about lube, then? We’ll
From the top of the falls they walk down the other side to a narrow ledge that leads them close to the thunderous stream of falling water, tiny droplets hitting their faces when the wind blows their way. Sherlock looks over the railing and down the dizzying depth of the chasm. The endlessly moving but unchanging torrent together with the way the roar of water blocks out any other sounds create an illusion of a moment frozen out of time. Sherlock feels like he could stay here forever, in this strange sort of turbulent calm, and the rest of the world would stand still, that he could stand here until he felt like himself again, until he could face his life again… or until he decided to climb over the railing and jump.
John stroked his hair a few times, clearly thinking.
John drops little kisses to Sherlock’s back, which is so surprising and Sherlock likes it so much that he doesn’t immediately notice John stroking himself to full hardness.
to do anything at all when he knows he could be in bed with John instead. (If there weren’t lives at stake, he’d send both Lestrade and the client to hell).
John grits his teeth as Sherlock rides out his orgasm, trying not to come as well. Not yet.
It’s the first time they’ve tried this particular position: Sherlock’s on his knees, but his head and arms rest on the pillow – essentially, he’s there with his arse in the air, blatantly submissive. It’s extremely undignified, but the real problem is that the position turns out to be perfect for stimulating Sherlock’s prostate. John brushes it on every thrust and withdrawal, firmly enough to be more than teasing but not hard enough to be uncomfortable. He keeps a slow and steady pace, sending wave after wave of intense sensation to every particle of Sherlock’s body. He tries to take his mind off it, but it’s impossible: the only thing he can focus on is the delicious drag of John’s cock inside him, John’s fingers gripping his hips, the sounds John is making.
mind couldn’t handle it.  “Only then it got too much, it wasn’t your fault.”
After that, everything happens as if in a fog. He doesn’t have to do anything, just acquiesce when Patrick and Sam ask if what they’re doing is okay, let them undress him, kiss him, touch him. It’s the most passive he’s ever been in a sexual encounter. He’s often let his partner (or partners) take charge, certainly, but never like this, never feeling like his only job is to let himself be
“Fuck me,” he demands hoarsely. “Please. I—I need you to fuck me.”
He keeps a running list in head, adding things to it when he comes across them. The items on it are small, but the effect of knowing about them is incomparable.
Well. Sherlock is intrigued, but it’s probably for the best if John never voices whatever is on his mind. It’s likely to be something to do with Sherlock’s feelings, and the less they speak about those the better. If they never mention them again, maybe John will forget Sherlock ever voiced them in the first place, and eventually it will become okay again for Sherlock to occasionally indulge in some minor, friendly touches, to compliment John without feeling like he’s exposing his heart to the elements. Until then, it’s enough that John’s here, wanting to be Sherlock’s friend.
“John,” Sherlock tried again as John sat back down. “I want to—do that. Have your dick up my arse,” he added for clarification, and John chuckled next to him, which more than made up for how awkward Sherlock felt saying the words. “But it’s true that it feels… rather intimidating, especially given that you’re quite… well-endowed.”
He does roll off the top of Sherlock but doesn’t leave the bed, only rummages in the bedside table to find the wet wipes Sherlock has bought precisely for that purpose.  John cleans Sherlock gently, but even those light touches feel incredibly good to Sherlock, like his skin has become hypersensitised, his nerve endings attuned precisely to John’s touch. He can already feel the first stirrings of new arousal deep within him.
to judge him for that. He opens his mouth to reply with something ill-advised and venomous,
of me?” he asks, stifling down the painful feelings Irene’s assumption has awakened. This is, after all, why he wanted to see her in the first place. She’s the only one who could possibly give him an indication of which parts of his sexuality are
“Sherlock?” she says when she spots him. “It
was.”
He shrugs in response to John’s question, avoiding his eyes. He
“Sherlock? You don’t have to—
Sherlock takes John’s hand and guides it to his cock, and John is surprised to find it still hard. Despite the evidence of Sherlock’s climax that’s coating it, his erection hasn’t waned.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John says very softly. “It’s not – it’s not what you think at all, I would never do that to you… although I honestly can’t blame you if you find that hard to believe, after how I treated you. But I promise you, I’m being entirely serious here. I… please, can you look at me?”
“Fuck,” John breathes as he comes back down from one of the most intense orgasms of his life. His arms ache and his arse is sore, but it was certainly worth it. “That was – Sherlock?”
Florian smiles. “Okay, hang on.” He extricates himself from Sherlock’s arms and bends down from the bed to rummage through his own trousers, giving Sherlock an unimpeded view of his… well, arse. They’re in bed about to have sex, he thinks he should probably call it an arse.
Sherlock believes him.
He collapsed on top of John, his mind completely blank, his body heavy and boneless. It took a while before the fog in his head cleared enough to register John stoking his hair and murmuring endearments.
John stops at the door, hesitating. He turns and looks back at Sherlock, still sitting motionless at the kitchen table.
Sherlock’s in John’s lap, his head bent down, breathing fast and shivering violently.
He shrugs one shoulder. “I’m fine,” he forces the words out. “You didn’t break me, if that’s what you’re asking,” he specifies, perhaps a bit too harshly. “I just needed… some time for myself, as they say.”
Gradually, Sherlock became aware of where he was: in his bed, naked, cooling sweat on his skin and unmistakable signs of receding arousal. In a rush, he remembered what had happened.
“No,” Sherlock admits reluctantly.
“Yes,” Sherlock managed. The position they were in gave him more control on how much of his body came into contact with John, and it seemed like he’d be able to find the right balance between his need for closeness and the necessity to keep the sensations from getting too overwhelming. He was intensely aroused and his skin was tingling, but it felt good.
“Oh, you are, love, you’re amazing,” John sighed, tightening his grip on Sherlock’s back. “You feel incredible.”
. Now, it’s just the
“I may be a virgin, John, but I know how it works,” Sherlock interrupted him, because if he had to listen to John describe what he was going to do to him, he would probably go crazy.
“Thank you,” Sherlock sighed in relief, because the answer to that question was
He went back to kissing John’s mouth as he wrapped his fingers around his generous girth, stroking lightly. It was wonderful to be touching John so intimately – he felt incredibly privileged to be allowed to do this, to hold such a vulnerable part of John’s body in his hands and know John wanted him to.
is what he is supposed to do. Taking care of his daughter. His duty is to her. She is his primary responsibility, not… anyone else. He can’t just leave her with other people all the time, just to spend time with an adult man who should be capable of taking care of himself.
“Okay,” John said haltingly “Can you explain how?”
Sherlock can barely breathe. He feels frozen to the spot but thawing at the same time, warmth spreading throughout his body. It’s a struggle to speak, still, but for a different reason now.
Once the door falls shut behind them and they drop their backpacks on the floor, it’s really not that difficult. They come together easily, drawn into each other’s arms by an ancient, irresistible pull, kissing and stroking. Sherlock forgets everything else and lets himself be driven entirely by the need to touch and be touched, relinquishing control to his transport.
But John evidently didn’t think so: his pupils dilated and nostrils flared in obvious arousal, and seeing John’s desire for him made something warm tingle in Sherlock’s stomach.
“What?” Sherlock glances at him in surprise briefly before looking back down. “Of course not. Didn’t you hear when I said he was gentle?”
He pours himself another glass.
The toy slides in easily enough but Sherlock still gasps when it breaches him, noticeably more substantial than anything he’s tried on his own. Robert soothes him with gentle touches, giving him time to adjust, before he settles on his side next to Sherlock and slips a hand down between Sherlock’s legs to begin moving the toy in smooth, careful strokes.
Sherlock’s mind goes blank, momentarily unable to comprehend this. He knows about butt plugs, he’s not
“Okay?” John asks, bowing his head down to drop kisses all over Sherlock’s face. Sherlock nods once again, unable to speak – he knows John can’t be even halfway in, but it already feels… indescribable. It doesn’t hurt, not by any definition – John’s prepared him well and there’s plenty of lube – but he can still feel the stretch, the substantial girth of John’s penis spreading him open.
He goes to the bathroom to clean himself up, trying to wash the embarrassment off his skin. This is really not how he thought his first orgasm in John’s presence would go.
Everything looks just like when John left, no drug paraphernalia lying about (but you can never be sure with Sherlock, can you). The only difference is several crumpled tissues scattered on the kitchen table by the place where Sherlock sat when John spoke to him. John looks at them blankly, struggling to understand what they mean. Did all this actually make Sherlock cry? And then pass out from exhaustion? John picks them up (still wet) and bins them.
Sherlock scrambled to get a bottle off the bedside table as quickly as possible. Stupid, he should have thought of that, why didn’t he think of it? He struggled to flip the cap open in his hurry.
Sherlock’s breath catches in his throat. John said yes.
…” John wouldn’t stop if his muscles cramped now, not when Sherlock descends back into incoherent noises of pleasure and his body goes taut, ready to snap, and John gives the last few licks and thrusts everything he has, mashing his face between Sherlock’s buttocks, wordlessly trying to encourage him to let go – until Sherlock does.
The next morning brought a case of stolen gemstones. It was barely a six, but Sherlock found it a welcome change after the emotional strain of the previous days, and it felt extremely good to feel confident and in control again. John looked at him with love and admiration in his eyes, and it boosted Sherlock’s self-confidence like nothing else.
“Dinner?” he offers, aiming for a light, cheerful tone, and is pleased to note he achieves it, more or less.
John pushed in, slowly, splitting Sherlock open.
John lets the used wipes fall on the floor and cuddles up close to Sherlock. Sherlock’s hand are back on him immediately – how could he ever want to stop touching him?
Sherlock sits at a small table outside a café, sipping his coffee and listening to the city bustle around him. Back in the Swiss Alps, he thought he missed being in a city, missed England, but now he’s in Bristol and it turns out that wasn’t it at all – he just misses home. Being in an English city doesn’t help when it’s not London, it really only makes things worse by being too similar and not similar enough, so he’s already made plans to relocate to the country. For now, though, it’s good to be here – the only reason he picked Bristol out of all the places he could have gone is because he knew Molly was scheduled to attend a conference there. If he can’t go home (and he can’t), then he can at least see a friendly face. And when he does see her, walking towards him, scanning the tables for him, it creates a strange, almost painful feeling in Sherlock’s chest. A friend. He does have those, despite everything.
John climbs on top of him, covering Sherlock’s body with his. The pleasure of finally having skin-on-skin contact is so intense that John can’t help but rut against Sherlock’s lower back for a moment to ease the ache in his balls.
After this conversation, Sherlock realises that he’s been stalling. He’s been focusing on the little bits of joy and contentment he’s managed to carve out for himself, dogs and bees, music and sex and every type of sweet baked goods available from Maggie’s shop, and it’s served him well, helped him feel more at ease in himself, in his body and in his life, but he’s long passed the point when it became routine, a pretext for not thinking about moving forward. It’s been good and helpful, this little respite, but it has to end. He can’t live the rest of his life like this just because it allows him the illusion that back in London, John Watson has turned back into the person Sherlock used to know and love. He’s been gone for four months – it’s time. He’s not ready to go back and definitely not ready to confront John, but like with the sex, this is as ready as he’ll ever be. He’s standing on his own feet now, he hasn’t had a craving for anything worse than sugar and caffeine in weeks, he’s secure in the knowledge that he
in him won’t wake up again, and at the most inopportune moment? He’s never had any trouble being gentle to women, but all of his fantasies about sex with men (which haven’t been as few and far between as he’d like them to be) have always bordered on violent.
Sherlock frowns. “Mary’s death wasn’t your fault.” How could John even think that?
“I don’t know, anything! Ask me why! Or does it mean so little to you?”
“Robert, oh…I’m…” he sighs helplessly when the molten heat begins to tighten around the base of his cock and the heavy weight of his balls, the jerky motions of his hand falling out of sync with Robert’s continued slow, measured rocks.
Sherlock is simultaneously disappointed and relieved – it would be nice not to have to go alone, he supposes, but on the other hand, there’s a good chance he would be way too embarrassed to attempt to flirt with anyone in front of Molly.
“Yes...” Sherlock gasps as he tries experimentally to tilt his pelvis. “Oh! Yes.”
because John is
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John panted, stilling Sherlock hips and putting way too much distance between their straining erections. “You’re gonna make me come in my pants like a teenager.”
He pads to the kitchen as quickly as his worn out body lets him, but by the time he gets back Sherlock is shivering again and this time his eyes are wide with something like panic. John curses under his breath, berating himself for letting himself forget how out of it Sherlock can get after – how many orgasms exactly? – and how badly he needs John’s closeness afterwards.
, but what he had found the most intense was the penetration and prostate stimulation. He couldn’t completely avoid that, given that penetration was the whole point, but he could minimise it. First of all, he couldn’t hope to take John’s cock in if just his fingers made him go out of his mind, so he would have to prepare himself – he could avoid his prostate entirely and stay focused. Secondly, his extensive research indicated that “doggie style” was one of the easiest position for first-time anal sex, and it had the added benefit that there would be nothing touching his penis, John would be less likely to hit his prostate directly and Sherlock would be able to adjust the angle a bit to find the one that would be the least overwhelming. If things were different, he would have preferred to be on his back and wrap his arms and legs around John, but he knew there was no chance he could manage that tonight.
That’s it, Sherlock, you’re so good, so g—oohhh, yeah.”
, John’s hand stroking the rest of him at a perfect complementary rhythm. Sherlock can do nothing but writhe and whine - he’s aware he’s making quite a lot of noise but he can’t stop, it feels so good. His hands grip the sheets tightly and his spine arches, feeling his orgasm beginning to coalesce.
Sherlock thought about it, trying to put his illogical feelings into words.
It all makes so much more sense now. John was attracted to him. In love with him, Irene said, and maybe she was right. There was clearly intense emotional attachment and physical attraction – if John wasn’t in love, then he wasn’t very far from it. And all the violence he’s ever inflicted on Sherlock was a reaction to that, to his inability to cope with what he felt.
“Fuck, Sherlock, your hands are amazing,
before they have any time for each other. And while Sherlock didn’t mind the waiting before, it is now absolute
Sherlock stills immediately and then scrambles to pull away.
to do was to boost John’s confidence by expressing his trust him, and at the same time set boundaries so that John wouldn’t have to worry Sherlock’s inaction would make him feel justified to continue doing things he didn’t want to do. But what he’s probably done instead is put all the responsibility more squarely on John’s shoulders.
The morning after they wrapped the case up, Sherlock woke up feeling warm and comfortable with John spooned up behind him, his breath ghosting over his neck. Sherlock shuffled closer to him, enjoying the way John’s arm automatically tightened around his waist possessively. It felt lovely, to slowly drift awake into the feeling of being loved and wanted.
, but kissing John – yes). John groans deep in his throat as he bites down on Sherlock’s lower lip and Sherlock feels himself stiffen further.
John had to detach himself from Sherlock as he pulled his pants down, and his heated gaze on him made Sherlock suddenly feel exposed, his scarred, thin body, his flushed skin, chest with uneven patches of hair, his below-average cock… Unable to help himself, he turned to his side and curled up, hiding his groin from John’s view.
He feels strangely empty when Robert pulls the toy out, and the prospect of being filled again is as appealing as it is terrifying. He eyes Robert’s cock, flushed and hard and huge in its nest of greying curls, and gulps.
And he’s had increasingly more opportunities to do that recently, since John is now much more willing to leave Rosie in Sherlock’s care than he used to be, and both of them spend more time in Baker Street too. John seems… comfortable, lately. At ease.
Sherlock strokes up and down John’s shaft a couple of times, trying to memorise the feel of it, before lowering his head and touching his lips to it.
The very next day, John breaks their pattern. They come home after a fruitless trip to a crime scene that was so full of evidence that the culprit might have as well signed their name, and as soon as they enter the flat, before even turning on the lights, John crowds him against the wall, his mouth hot on Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock starts moving, lifting himself up and then grinding down again, slowly at first, trying to find the best angle to hit his prostate, and soon John is fucking up to meet him, gripping his hips tight. Sherlock is only dimly aware of the noises he’s making, loud and unabashed, but he can’t focus on anything else but the feeling of John inside him, fucking him with deep, hard strokes. Sherlock’s cock is leaking and his balls heavy but he doesn’t even care about coming, he just wants John to keep fucking him take his pleasure.
, you know? It’s good to let off steam.”
John wants to
almost almost almost,
John was so incredibly good to him. How could Sherlock ever hope to deserve him?
“I’m here, my gorgeous darling. I shouldn’t have left you alone, not when you’re being so good. I’m sorry, I’ll never stop touching you now.”
“What are you doing?” he asks, and his voice sounds alien to his own ears.
“Do you know what I’m going to do to you?” John asks when he finally kicks off his trousers and pants and stands naked in front of Sherlock.
. We’ll have to talk about this but I need you to know that even if we never have sex I’ll still love you and want to be with you. Just tell me honestly what’s going on and we’ll figure it out. Can you do that?”
In practice, the fact that having sex with John unequivocally meant lying down letting himself be penetrated by the largest penis he had ever seen made him feel dangerously close to panicking. But he would do it. It was what John wanted – that John wanted Sherlock at all was a miracle; letting him choose how he would have him was the least Sherlock could do. And, Sherlock supposed, at least this way his inexperience wouldn’t matter so much – some skill was surely necessary when pleasuring one’s partner orally or manually, but this way? It should be enough to let John have his way with him.
“Thank you for today,” Sherlock says seriously.
Sherlock nods minutely in acknowledgement, but doesn’t look up, and John desperately tries to come up with something else to say, something more to do, and fails.
, he almost said, but it was so desperate and needy he couldn’t possibly get it past his lips. “I didn’t want to have to stop,” he said weakly instead.
like I was,” John says a little smugly.
Sherlock cried out and then whimpered shakily, unable to keep it in. John’s fingers felt like they were sending electric shocks through his overly sensitive cock and Sherlock gasped for breath.
It’s not funny at all, but Sherlock chuckles anyway and raises an eyebrow, mostly to hide how touched it makes him.
An intense wave of love for John washed over Sherlock and he pressed closer, slotting his thigh between John’s legs, and the way John moaned into his mouth at the sensation sent a wonderful thrill through him.
“Not very good at asking for what he wanted,” Sam supplies.
“Come back to bed, John,” he says, voice husky, and when John looks up at him from his plate Sherlock’s eyes are fixed on the vee of John’s chest that’s not covered by his dressing gown, his gaze hungry and smouldering. John’s feels himself flush a little under the heated stare, and his cock gives an interested twitch.
Sherlock shrugs. “The case has some features of interest. And you know how it is – anything to stave off boredom.” It’s not entirely true, not anymore. These days, Sherlock would rather die of boredom than face another master villain, another terrorist plot, another criminal network. He wants something… not simpler, certainly not easier… but smaller-scale. Less likely to end in a world of pain.
Sherlock shakes his head stiffly.
John hesitates for a second and then lets out a big rush of breath.
Sherlock’s grateful that she doesn’t look at him and busies herself with Rosie instead, letting him take in her words in relative privacy. He doesn’t
“What, our sex toy?” Patrick asks. He places a hand on Sherlock’s jittering thigh and leans forward. “Scott. Surely you agree that we’ve spent a bit too much time together, not to mention too many orgasms, to pretend we’re still just strangers who don’t give a damn about each other. So maybe our activities have been a bit monothematic so far, but that doesn’t mean we don’t care if you need something from us. Which seems to be the case right now.”
And then Terry begins moving, first in gentle rocks and then increasing his range of motion until he’s lifting himself up fully and sinking back down on Sherlock’s cock with relish. Sherlock can only moan, holding onto Terry’s hips for dear life. Did John feel this incredible, overwhelming level of pleasure when he was---
“I want to apologise,” he says, looking Sherlock in the eye even though it clearly costs him a lot of effort. “And… explain some things, if you’ll let me. Not to try to justify what I… there’s no justifying that,” he adds hastily, “but you said… yesterday it sounded like you were willing to give me another chance, but you can only do that if you know the whole truth.”
there was something there.”
He almost does it. He’s ready to do it, but then, somehow, moving almost without his own conscious input, he flushes it down the toilet instead.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock waves his hand. He doesn’t mind, really, he’s just shocked. “I wanted to tell you after a while, but it never seemed like a good time.”
(Kissing someone with a beard turned out to be about as scratchy as he’d expected, but he liked it more than he’d thought he would.)
“Wait, wait, wait…” Patrick says after a brief moment of stunned silence. “Scott. Does that mean you’ve
me to keep seeing other people?”
“What should I – What do you want?”
John makes a low guttural sound and kisses Sherlock again, this time with a hunger that feels insatiable, thrusting his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth like it belongs to him – which it does, oh, it
“Would you like us to take care of you?” he asks softly. Sherlock’s breath leaves him in a rush of relief.
“Thank you, John,” he says thickly. He can feel tears prickle behind his eyes, and turns away from John again and starts rummaging through a drawer, looking for a grater. “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”
“Sherlock,” John says with so much urgency that Sherlock turns his head to look at him as if obeying an invisible force. John’s eyes are intense and fierce. “I promise you – I will
“There’s good boy,” John praises him as he positions himself between Sherlock’s legs. He teases Sherlock’s rim with the head of his cock, pushing only the tip in as Sherlock’s breathing gets impossibly shallower, and then he grips Sherlock’s hips to keep them still and rams in.
on a regular basis, albeit in a completely superficial way. Maybe it would make not being wanted by John hurt less, give him more confidence to stand up for himself. Although he may not even have to do that – maybe John’s determined to cut ties with him completely. But in that case, maybe it would be even more welcome to have… someone. It’s a thing to consider, at any rate.
Dr Schneider is not as disapproving as Sherlock expected her to be when he finally admits it to her, but she warns him that he’s “emotionally vulnerable” and that she wouldn’t recommend starting a new relationship so early in his sobriety. In this case, though, Sherlock doesn’t care at all what she thinks or believes. It makes him feel
“All right,” John sighed after a while. “I know we’re both shit at talking about this kind of stuff but we really have to. I guess – I guess the main think I need to know is if you actually want to have sex, or if you just did it because of me. And there’s
Robert steps closer, frowning a little as he searches Sherlock’s face. “But you know we don’t have to do that. I don’t care if we never do that.”
“Don’t be stupid. We’ve been watching you standing here for five minutes. Come in.” He opens the door wider and steps aside.
“Search the flat then! I’ll piss into a cup if you want.” Sherlock’s voice rises despite himself. “I’ve done every single humiliating thing you wanted me to do without complaint, I really think you could trust me by now!”
John presses his lips to Sherlock’s forehead once, twice, three times, sending a shiver down Sherlock’s spine.
“I am not disputing that,” Sherlock says very calmly. “If fact, it’s precisely the reason. I couldn’t possibly ask this of someone who wasn’t getting paid for it.”
John frowns, confused. What does that even mean? The first idea that occurs to him is that maybe Sherlock was unable to perform, but that doesn’t make sense, as Sherlock has clearly indicated sex had taken place. Bad sex, then? Bad enough to make Sherlock never want to try again?
. He could do this: soft, sleepy rocking beneath the covers, with John kissing his neck and letting out little pleased hums and sighs. He was hard now but not insistently so, and he could easily ignore it in favour of focusing on how John’s body felt against his.
“Mmm,” John murmurs, but he doesn’t open his eyes, and his breathing deepens.
“How’re you feeling, love? You up for a shower?”
“I think it would be best if you left now,” Sherlock says, his eyes tightly shut as though he couldn’t bear to catch even the merest glimpse of John.
“Wait –
“I’m – trying to kiss you,” John says, his eyes tracking over Sherlock’s face. “But… perhaps I should ask first if it’s okay.”
Sherlock was quiet for a moment. He listened to the beat of John’s heart and tried to think about it. What he wanted the most was to give John what he needed, to be good for him, to know that he was enough. There wasn’t anything more erotic to him than the idea of being able to meet John’s sexual needs, but he knew John wasn’t asking about that. It was hard to think past it, to disregard John and think about himself, but he tried because John had asked him to.
“Don’t need—
John pulls him to his feet, kissing him hard. Sherlock feels dazed, the memory of John’s cock in his mouth, feel of his tongue in the same place now, and the expectation of finally having John inside him are almost too much to bear. John’s hand roam down Sherlock’s body, cupping his arse and squeezing, bringing Sherlock’s naked pelvis to grind against John’s clothed belly.
John’s hands touched his hips and for a second he though John was going to do it, but then he realised John was gently pulling him down from his position, lowering him on the bed.
He can still appreciate men who don’t fit his particular idea of perfection, however.  He likes a kind smile, a broad chest, a toned bicep. He notices attractive men and handsome men and beautiful men and men who aren’t any of those things but still capture his attention. He looks.
“Yes, love, I’m right here.” John tightens his arms around him, pulling Sherlock’s boneless weight closer to his chest.
Sherlock grunted, not able to form words or even just nod. John’s arms tightened around him and Sherlock sighed. He felt utterly sated and content, and not just because of his exceptional orgasm, but because he’d given John one too. They had made love, and Sherlock had
“Want to fuck you so bad,” John murmurs, and one of his fingers slides down between Sherlock’s buttocks, circling his hole. Sherlock moans, his knees almost buckling at the jolt of sensation. “I bet this lovely arse will feel just as unbelievable as your mouth.
“Robert, I’m so sorry. I never meant… I’m sorry.” There’s no way he can possibly apologise for this. He should get dressed and leave and never have sex with anyone ever again. Why on earth did he think that he could?
“I love you,” he mumbles, and doesn’t care that he’s mumbling.
(See the end of the chapter for
. “How dare you say that to me, Sherlock,
After that, they have settled into a sort of routine. First a beekeeping lesson, then sex. Very, very good sex.  Weeks have passed, and now, in the bright middle of the summer in one of the most picturesque parts of the English countryside, Sherlock finds himself feeling quite good. Content. Very nearly happy. He knows it’s because he’s avoiding thinking about John and what he’s going to do when he gets to London. He still misses John, but he’s discovered it’s possible to miss him without actually thinking about him too much. He can miss the John of old and never spend a second thinking about anything bad that happened later. He knows it’s wrong – he knows he should think about it, he knows he still has things he needs to work through, but it’s so much easier to lock all of it in a dusty corner of his mind palace for later. And actually, why shouldn’t he do that? Why shouldn’t he be allowed a few weeks of peace, free of stress and anxiety about the future? He had barely any opportunity in the last few years to just let go. Maybe he deserves this – live in the moment, not think about the past or the future and instead spend his time helping take care of the animals at the shelter, going for runs, learning about bees, doing yoga in the garden, playing his violin, starting a few experiments on local soil and flora. And sex, both with Robert and on his own.
there’s something wrong with me and I
” Sherlock babbles breathlessly, another thing that’s unusual but very welcome. “Harder, oh God,
,” Sherlock whines, squirming. John can see Sherlock’s cock over his shoulder, flushed dark against the pale skin of his abdomen, and perhaps he’s simply too aroused for coherent sentences.
John…!
everywhere from Sherlock’s collar bone to his earlobe. Sherlock could no nothing but hold on to John for dear life and struggle to breathe as incredibly intense sensations coursed through him. John’s mouth on his skin was hot and maddening, the hand in his hair that sometimes stroked his scalp and sometimes just held his head in place felt
When Robert withdraws his fingers Sherlock almost groans at the loss even as his nerves comes back full force – it’s clear what the next step is now. But he’s wrong, because the next thing he knows, Robert’s holding a prostate massager in his hand, slightly bigger than the one Sherlock owns.
Sherlock wanted to be kissing John but found that he couldn’t because he was too mesmerised by the sight of John’s cock sliding through his fist to tear his gaze away. John was so hard and hot and he was actually thrusting up minutely as if he couldn’t help it and he was sighing and moaning and Sherlock was doing that, he was giving John pleasure, he was going to
Ah. A more prosaic reason, then.
“Mary… she was here when you were dead, and she… she saved me, in a way, and I was so grateful to her and at the time it seemed like that was enough. But then you came back and I realised that it wasn’t, that I was just fooling myself, except I was hurt and angry with you for leaving and I just… I wanted to have a life separate from you even though what I
, his back arching as tight heat envelops John and then clenches around him as Sherlock comes, thick strips of come landing on his belly.
But for now, he can enjoy spending time with John and Rosie, and that’s good enough.
He needs to leave. He needs to go somewhere where a fix will be further away than a text to the right number. His last relapse wreaked havoc on him and he can’t let that happen, he doesn’t
“Hang on,” John said, and Sherlock immediately let go of him, tensing. Had he done something wrong? What had he done wrong?
Sherlock is in love with him, and Sherlock apparently thinks so little of himself that he just takes whatever John gives him and never complains, never asks for anything.
Heat rose sharply in Sherlock’s body as he watched John’s climax, blindingly intense, and he felt like was going to come too, he was going to come just from touching John – he keened and gasped and his vision whitened with the force of the sensations that ripped through him. He didn’t actually come, though; instead, he was left painfully hard and panting as he watched the last tendrils of John’s orgasm dissipate. But that didn’t matter – all that mattered was John.
And it didn’t really help that having had John’s erection pressed against his thigh or belly several times now, he had had to conclude that his previous guesstimates of John’s penis size when flaccid had entirely failed to predict how
Sherlock’s first instinct is to go and confront John right now. Bang on his door and demand answers. The truth, at last. But he doesn’t do that. Instead he goes home and sits by the fire with Jack, and thinks.
I can’t wait to come inside you, just let me take this off.”
There is another long pause. Then:
“What if I wanted to make love to you?” Sherlock asked before he could think about it.
One thing that’s both a deterrent and a motivator is the fact that Robert is very well-endowed. More so than John, Sherlock thinks, although he can’t be sure. But he’s fairly certain – he doesn’t think he would have survived something of Robert’s size being shoved inside him so brutally. For some reason, the size feels significant and important – if he can be penetrated by penis larger than John’s and enjoy it, everything will be all right. John will not have broken him, and there will be a chance to make things right again.
what love is, so shut the fuck up!”
He doesn’t know how long he stands there in a sort of trance, but eventually he shakes himself out of it.
, find his own footing, and only then can he go home and maybe find a way to repair their friendship, if it’s repairable… or end it for good if it’s not.
“Molly’s cat is sick, so it’s me instead,” John says curtly, confirming Sherlock’s suspicion. “Why are you still in your pyjamas?”
Sherlock gets his hands on John’s cock, thick and hard. He strokes it once before licking the head, and the sound John makes is almost as good as the taste. A feeling of absolute rightness fills Sherlock as he wraps his lips around John, taking him as deep as he can without causing himself discomfort. He covers the base with his hands and starts bobbing his head, sucking on John’s cock. John groans above him, a sound that goes straight to Sherlock’s balls, and he places his hand lightly on the top of Sherlock’s head.
“You too, you were incredible,” John breathes in the crook of Sherlock’s neck and then lifts his head press a soft kiss to Sherlock’s lips. They kiss lazily for a little while. Sherlock protests when John tries to shift away, tightening his arms around him, and John laughs.
laugh, but I’ll never mock you and I certainly won’t love you any less.”
He gives them his own present – a voucher for a couple’s massage, a last-minute purchase but one that they seem to appreciate nevertheless. Then it’s really time to say goodbye, a clumsy three-way hug and two last kisses, both rather filthy yet without any sexual intent. Then he slips the purple box in the pocket of his coat, and the door falls shut behind him. He’d like to see them again, he thinks as he walks to the main road to flag a cab. He doesn’t know if being friends with ex-lovers is a good idea, but he’d like it to be. It would be really nice, he thinks, to have friends who are a well-adjusted, loving gay couple. To remind him what he strives for, if nothing else.
Sherlock’s thrusts get impossibly harder as he chases his release, his rhythm erratic now, and then he stills for one long second and John can feel his cock throb and pulse deep inside him. Sherlock groans loudly as he comes and fucks into John roughly two more times before finally relaxing.
how he wants,
her to touch him, wants to be the sort of person who’s able receive physical affection from a friend. He swallows audibly. He considers Molly one of his dearest friends, but they’ve mostly just worked together, they don’t really… do things that friends do. What do friends do?
If Sherlock’s lack of expertise is showing, John doesn’t seem to mind as he moans and writhes in pleasure. He places on the top of Sherlock’s head, and for some reason that simple gesture feels much more erotic than having John’s cock in his mouth, and Sherlock can’t entirely stifle a moan when a fresh wave of heat pools between his legs.
“I’m not sure that I
“What? That didn’t sound like
John smiled at him. “I’m sure you do. But I need you to know that I’ll be careful. If you need to stop or go slower or anything at all, tell me and we’ll do just that, okay?”
“Trouble is you develop a sort of Pavlovian reaction to random city names,” Sam says. “Pretty inconvenient when planning business trips.”
Sherlock moans, and he’s so hot like this, still in his suit but with his face reddened and his hair a mess, rutting against John’s foot like a bitch in heat.  And that’s just the beginning, John knows: Sherlock needs orgasm after orgasm when he gets like this, and John’s the one who gets to give them to him.
” John said, and for a second it wasn’t clear to Sherlock whether he meant it as an expletive or if he was simply stating what he wanted to do instead of Sherlock’s lame offers. “I’m such an idiot.”
. It was the oddest feeling.
He hesitates for a fraction of a second, then says quietly, “I could use your assistance.”
But it’s more than just not knowing what to do – he’s not even sure what he feels about this. Hurt, yes. Disgust, to some level. But is he also… hopeful? Excited, even? He doesn’t know what all of that adds up to and what he should do about it.
John keeps the smooth, even rhythm for some time, but eventually he starts picking up speed. He shifts a little and the minute change of angle means his next thrust sends a sharp spike of pleasure through Sherlock, like a firework exploding deep in his core. He tries to keep quiet, his teeth digging into the soft flesh of his lower lip hard enough to draw blood, but the sensation is too intense and a distasteful whine gets past his lips anyway. Fortunately, John seems too far gone to be distracted by a brief noise. His thrust become harder and faster, eliciting a series of moans and curses from him, that Sherlock already recognises as characteristic of John’s approach to orgasm. Two more times John brushes Sherlock’s prostate, but Sherlock’s is ready for it now and manages not to make any more noise.
“You read too many romance novels. I could be hiding from a criminal mastermind.”
It only lasts a few brief moments and then the fingers leave him. He hears John swear as his oily fingers struggle with the zip on his trousers. He tries to stay still, tries to relax. He breathes. He’s unnaturally aware of the beating of his heart. He thinks, pointlessly, that olive oil degrades latex. It’s irrelevant: John lost the habit of carrying condoms with him a long time ago. It’s not good. Sherlock is (was) an intravenous drug user. He never shared needles, obviously, but John can’t know that for sure. (He can’t know that Sherlock doesn’t engage in this particular act with random strangers on a regular basis, really, but the thought alone is preposterous). John should be more careful. He shouldn’t be so reckless with his health.
“You will go to your room now. You will undress, and then you’ll show me.”
It turns out Sherlock is up for much more than just a shower. They lather each other’s bodies, standing close together under the stream, and soon Sherlock’s back to needy whines and pleas, his hands roaming all over John’s body. John blows him right there (despite his knees’ protests), Sherlock braced against the tiled wall, his moans swallowed by the rush of water.
John’s arms tighten around him, strong and gentle.
John takes a step towards Sherlock, then another, and he’s right in front of him, right in front him and Sherlock feels strung so tight he’s going to snap any moment –
“Does shagging strangers help?” Sherlock asks instead of responding to Terry’s invitation.
” Terry shouts, making it clear to Sherlock that he’s been successful, and that knowledge narrows his focus down further, intent on pleasuring Terry to the best of his ability. “Oooh, fuck, hnnng! Right there, right there, keep going! Fffffuuuuuuck, oh fuck, more!”
He still isn’t sure why John brought all this up now, how it is related to what happened earlier. He stirs in the grated cheddar, still acutely aware of John’s presence. He can’t help glancing at him repeatedly as he finishes the sauce. It seems clear that there is something more John wants to say – the way he shuffles his feet, the way he licks his lips, he even takes a deep breath as if about to speak – but in the end, he seems to think better of it and says nothing.  He looks down and nods to himself briefly, as if deciding that keeping quiet will be the best course of action.
“You,” he says finally. “Inside me.”
“But?” he prompts.
“You were brilliant today,” John mumbles between kisses, pressing Sherlock against the wall.
“Accidents happen,” John says simply, and god, a part of him actually wishes Sherlock had said yes, so that he could go and find that bastard and punch him within an inch of his life. “Was it… not good, then?”
John feels cold. Somehow, it hadn’t occurred to him that
“Yes, yes, yes,” John chants in time with his thrusts as he continues to push into him, blessedly harder now, or maybe it just feels that way as Sherlock’s muscles clench wildly around John as his orgasm overtakes him, and then he can
He thinks about giving another chance to the dating app he downloaded a few weeks ago. He’s used it for two hookups so far – he slept with the first man but not with the second, whose level of personal hygiene turned out to be quite alarming at close range and it’s rather put Sherlock off trying to meet random people off the internet. He twiddles with his phone in his hand, considering his options. He’s not in the mood for a quick fuck with a stranger, that’s clear, but he’s not sure Patrick and Sam can give him what he wants, either. He remembers the first time he let Robert penetrate him. He was so caring and gentle and focused entirely on Sherlock. That’s what he needs right now. He wants to be made love to. And if that’s not possible, then at least something soft, gentle. And Patrick and Sam… they see Sherlock to have fun, not to care for him. They always make sure Sherlock enjoys himself and they’ve proved themselves to be very willing to accommodate Sherlock’s wishes, but what Sherlock wants now seems so much more…
hold out until Sherlock comes again.
But then there were John’s arms on him, pulling him down to straddle John’s lap as John sat down on the bed.
They stay close together as the last tendrils of climax ebb away, and then John reaches for something that Sherlock’s oxytocin-addled brain doesn’t immediately recognise as John’s pants, and he wipes at their stomachs, where the evidence of their release has become one and the same.
“But you didn’t think you could tell me? I told you we would stop whenever you wanted to, didn’t you believe that?” John’s voice sounded heartbroken. How could Sherlock have failed so badly?
Sherlock shrugs, feigning nonchalance, and begins gathering up his sheet music. He doesn’t look at John. “Friends with benefits. Whatever you want to call it.”
“In what way?”
The words are out of Sherlock’s mouth before he can think about them. The sudden silence rings loud in the flat, interrupted only by John’s sharp intake of breath as he stares at Sherlock, his nostrils flaring.
John straddles Sherlock’s thighs, gently guiding Sherlock’s head to look up at him. He brings their mouths together, and change in height difference makes everything somehow rawer, and all of Sherlock’s senses are high-jacked by
“Oh yes,
Having decided on a course of action, he felt much better. In the morning, he explained to John that the day before things had been a bit too drawn out for him as he was used to getting off quickly, that he needed less stimulation to avoid getting overwhelmed and that it would help him if he could prepare himself. John seemed a bit puzzled by his requests, but he agreed readily and was mostly intent on making sure Sherlock was certain he didn’t want to wait before trying again.
“I’m clean,” Sherlock blurts, taking an unconscious step back, putting more distance between them. “Have been for months.” His voice sounds unexpectedly steely even to his own ears, and John shrinks back a little.
It’s a disconcerting and not at all pleasant experience, to be subject to this kind of scrutiny, to be laid bare without being able to hide. He deduces what she deduces about him, that she can tell he’s here under an assumed identity, that he came here on an impulse preceded by a… traumatic event that caused his cravings to flare up, that he’s in pain both physically and psychologically, that he’s lost and deeply unhappy and doesn’t know what to do to stop himself from drowning in an endless spiral of misery. He looks at himself through her eyes and sees a broken man grasping at straws.
“What… how…” he stammers looking between Patrick and Sam. “You know?”
“Oh. So you… like being dominated, is that it?”
“I hope you know you deserve better than how he treated you,” Robert tells him softly, his lips moving against Sherlock’s scalp. Sherlock nods – he didn’t always know it, but he does now, and Robert has certainly contributed to that. Sherlock feels inexpressibly grateful that out of the myriad of cottages on offer, he happened to choose this one and got to meet this wonderful man who’s shown him so much kindness and care for no reason at all, without wanting anything in return.
Embarrassed that his nervousness is so obvious, Sherlock struggles to look Florian in the eye, but once he does he makes up his mind. Florian’s face is incredibly easy to read: there’s want and arousal there, but also sincerity and simple, unstudied
Sherlock lets go of John chest and straightens, taking hold of John’s hips instead. John can feel him pull out almost completely and then push in, hard, with a deep growl.
enough, so there had to be another round? With Sherlock’s on his knees, braced against the headboard, gasping for breath as the other man pounded into him, the sounds of skin slapping against skin filling the air, bed rocking against the wall?
“But I’m not your friend,” Sherlock blurts out. “I’m just…”
“Thank god,” John said, running his hand through Sherlock’s hair. “What happened?”
They had sex in the bath. Sherlock and… another man. Sherlock was in the bath, with that pillow that’s now lying in a puddle on the floor probably cushioning his head, with his legs splayed wide and the faceless, nameless man between them, fucking him, water splashing over the rim with every thrust, Sherlock’s moans echoing off the tiles.
There’s Sherlock’s pale blue shirt lying on the floor by the bed, the way it would have fallen when someone pushed it off his shoulders. The bed is unmade. God, did they do it here too? Did Sherlock not gather enough
But he doesn’t need John to speak to realise that his hopes were once again unfounded, it’s all clearly written over Johns glowering features.
“Oh,” John says, and for some reason the anger seems to go out of him, and he looks down. “So I suppose you really just don’t care.”
Rehab.
There’s excitement buzzing in his veins but he realises he’s getting ahead of himself. They’ve got to be two for this. He needs to talk to John. Maybe it will turn out that Irene was wrong after all. Or she was right, but John’s feelings have changed since then. In any case, Sherlock needs to know. And in the end, if John says no, it might be just what Sherlock needs to finally break away from him completely and find someone else.
“Trust you? But I can’t, can I? Not when I can never know when you’re going to decide that a case
, Sherlock thinks, but John sits there quietly and waits for his response, and Sherlock knows, somehow, that he’ll wait however long it takes. He takes a shaky breath and lifts his head.
As soon as the words are out of his mouth, he realises it was the wrong thing to say. John bows his head.
“No! No, John, it’s
Sherlock bites his lip, still looking a little anxious.
Except there’s no guarantee he hasn’t lost him already, is there? In fact, it’s likely that he has. He thought, after his birthday when John stood in the living room and cried and let Sherlock hug him and then they went out for cake, that maybe things would turn out okay after all, despite everything he had done wrong. That John would forgive him and they would, somehow, patch up their broken friendship. But it’s looking increasingly less likely that John is interested in doing that at all.
“Then have me,” Sherlock tells him, his voice barely recognisable. And
“Second, it was an experiment.”
“It looks small, but don’t let that fool you, the vibrations pack a punch,” Patrick says. “It’s a gem.”
“Oh,” Sherlock visibly deflates and looks back at his tea. “He wasn’t the client.”
He sits up, propping himself against a pile of pillows and the headboard, and positions Sherlock between his spread legs, half sitting, half lying with his long back against John’s chest, his neck at the perfect height for John to kiss and nibble at it.
“Yes,” he gets out with difficulty as John’s tongue laps at his hardened nipple. “I have that.”
“Yeah, I know, you do it because you’re an addict just looking for an opportunity to get high and say you did to catch a serial killer!”
, and he couldn’t possibly tell John that. He let himself collapse back on John’s chest, soaking up his warmth. John was so good to him, so caring and patient, and Sherlock
He covers John with a blanket and places the Union Jack cushion under his head, then retreats to the bathroom to brush his teeth and wash away at the bitter taste of ejaculate. There is a chance that John won’t remember anything in the morning, but it’s a small one.
Sherlock groans in frustration and anger. This is even worse than if John had found the drugs Sherlock actually has in his possession, then at least it would be deserved, but this is
Sherlock finishes his meal in record time, and John barely has time to put the plates in the sink before Sherlock attaches himself to his back, one hand opening John’s dressing gown and cupping his cock.
“Technically,
It’s everything Sherlock didn’t know he needed. He pulls his knees closer to his chest, allowing Robert to sink in at the exact angle he needs. He sighs and gasps, feeling Robert’s tiny movements everywhere, each careful slide of his cock a caress for Sherlock’s prostate, a gentle wave lapping at the shore. It’s so good. He knows it could be better than good, he can already feel the potential for this restrained softness to bloom into something mind-blowingly incredible, but now’s not the time. For now, this subdued, careful back-and-forth is all that he can take.
“Come here,” John mumbles, pulling Sherlock towards him. “That was amazing, you did so well. I think you deserve to come now, too, don’t you?”
Sherlock gives a short, bitter laugh at that, and then remains quiet for long seconds, perhaps a minute. John thinks that it may be the only reply he’s going to get, and that would make sense, since for Sherlock to talk to him about something like that is actually worryingly out of character, but then Sherlock speaks.
“Yes.” The single word sends a powerful stab of arousal through John’s entire body, and he knows immediately what he wants to do.
He breaks off, pride sharpening his desire as he takes in Sherlock’s kiss-swollen lips and dazed look. Sherlock sets his head back on the pillow with a sigh. John starts off by mouthing at Sherlock’s pulse point, kissing and licking and sucking until Sherlock whimpers helplessly, and then he kisses down Sherlock’s spine, vertebra after vertebra, lavishing attention on every single one of them. By the time he reaches Sherlock’s coccyx Sherlock’s breathing has gone heavy and ragged, from nothing but the anticipation of where John’s mouth is headed.
That’s what it’s really about – discovering facets of himself that he never knew existed. Or he did know, but failed to interpret them correctly. But when he sits in Dr Schneider’s office and talks – or doesn’t talk, which is often the case – he can see them clearly. He is an intensely emotional person who craves human connection but believes himself unworthy of it. He hides behind a mask of coldness because he’s afraid of getting hurt. He would do anything, sacrifice anything for John Watson without a single thought to his own happiness, health or safety. He does drugs not to alleviate boredom but to numb pain. This is the person Dr Schneider sees, and he has a hard time reconciling that with who he’s always believed himself to be.
“I know why, obviously.”
“Sherlock, love, tell me what’s wrong,” John pleaded, and when Sherlock finally managed to look at him his face was pinched in worry.
“Yes,” Sherlock says emphatically. “And it’s still… very fragile. But I hope we can make it work.”
yeah, like that,” John grunts, as Sherlock fills him even deeper than before. “Don’t hold yourself back.”
When his breathing quietens and his head clears a little, he stands up gingerly, leaning on the kitchen table for support, and staggers to the bathroom. Walking hurts. Undressing hurts. Climbing over the rim of the bathtub hurts. He doesn’t trust his legs to support him for too long but sitting is not an option, so he kneels down under the spray of water, leaning against the wall with most of his weight. He washes himself carefully with lukewarm water, towels off and puts on a dressing gown. He applies antiseptic on the bite on his hand and wraps it with gauze, drinks a few gulps of water from the tap and stumbles to the bedroom.
Sherlock sits down at the table, where there is already a cup of tea waiting for him. John hardly ever bothers to make a full breakfast, even though he really likes it, but he’s making it now, and he’s smiling.
“Oh,” John says, obviously at a loss for what to say. Sherlock hates the awkwardness and tension, but they’ll just have to bear it and face reality, otherwise they might as well say goodbye forever. “That’s… good. I’m glad you’ve had someone to help.” He frowns at his knees for a moment and then looks up at Sherlock, earnest and determined. “Sherlock… thank you for being so nice to me, I know I don’t deserve that and I really appreciate it. And if you… if you can give me another chance to be your friend I promise I won’t let it go to waste this time.”
, he can spend his day wearing whatever he chooses and eating or not eating according to his whim. He never
“Please, John, you know I – I’d do anything for you, but please don’t ask me to… I don’t know if you’re doing this out of loneliness or - or pity or… but it’s not what you really want, you’d regret it and it would – I couldn’t bear it.” He struggles to speak, his chest is contracting painfully and he can’t seem to take a full breath, and a distant part of his brain wonders if he’s actually having a panic attack over this.
“I’m coming back, you know,” he says. “Don’t think I’m not.”
He was so nervous he didn’t get half as hard as he usually would have, but that was a good thing: the less aroused he was, the less likely it was he would get overstimulated. And John didn’t seem to have the same problem, which was all that mattered.
like it’s what he wants, for John to kiss him, to want him, but it’s not, it’s
After that, however, he’s surprised to find himself thinking about sex rather often. Not the sex he had (or more precisely, perhaps, the sex was had with him, since it didn’t feel like something that he had any active role in), but in general. What it would be like under normal circumstances. Not with John, of course, that would never happen, but just someone who maybe liked him a little. Or at least someone who wasn’t angry with him at the time and found him passably attractive. He might be inexperienced, but even he knows that sex shouldn’t be about one partner getting off while the other struggles not to scream in pain, and he’s starting to feel he might like to find out what the real thing is like. It’s strange to find himself curious about it when he hasn’t been for most of his life. He always considered sex as something that other people did but that didn’t concern him in the slightest. He felt some curiosity in his teens, but he couldn’t imagine letting himself be so vulnerable in front of someone. But now, this concern somehow no longer seems so relevant – there’s little to be alarmed about when the worst has already happened. He never cared that he’d never had sex, but it turns out he does care that he’s only had the most terrible kind of sex he can imagine.
“No, it’s not - It just struck me as something you might like. A story about a pirate? You do like ballet, don’t you?”
He felt the blunt head of John’s cock at his entrance.
Maybe they could have this: have sex when John wants to, and just go on as always in the morning, as if nothing had happened. It’s not exactly what Sherlock would have liked, but what he would like is not the point. He’ll take anything John gives him, and this is more than he would ever have expected. It would only be temporary, of course. Just until John gets over Mary’s death properly and is able to begin a new relationship. Now he’s probably just feeling lonely, but too vulnerable still to look for someone new, and maybe that would still feel like infidelity to him – but Sherlock’s a friend, and a man, so he doesn’t count. Maybe that could work.
“Sherlock! Do you seriously think I want to fuck someone who has to force himself to bear it?”
the house). He isn’t going to use it, he knows that, but he can’t stop thinking about how easy it would be and that, he has to admit, is a new low. He hasn’t used anything stronger than nicotine and caffeine since that day in Culverton Smith’s hospital, almost three months ago. He put himself through the wringer of withdrawal, made all the worse by the terrible physical condition he was in at the time, and he came out at the other end, weak and exhausted but determined to stay clean. Yet, he didn’t get rid of this last remnant of his secret stash. He’s always found it helpful to know that he had
Terry’s obviously very sure about what he likes and what he wants from Sherlock, but he still takes care to make sure Sherlock’s comfortable. He complies when Sherlock asks to keep the room as dark as possible, only switching on the lamp on his desk without asking why, and he visibly restrains himself from going too fast, giving Sherlock time to relax. Sherlock watches in fascination as Terry pulls the thick, hot pink plug out of his body, watches him coat two fingers with lube and push them inside his obscenely stretched hole that swallows them greedily, and his heart beats so loud he’s sure Terry must be able to hear it.
Fortunately, there is a seemingly ridiculous case involving an exclusive golf club reserved only for redheads, which finally proves interesting enough to distract them both from the tension between them. The case ends with a brief but rather fun chase across the golf course, then they have Chinese for dinner and when they come home, it feels like they’re back to normal.
? Could he perhaps instead have a ‘friend with benefits’, as they say? Maybe it would be helpful to know that he’s
“Me too,” Sherlock breathes even though it’s not strictly speaking true: the truth is that he’s wanted Florian from the moment he realised Florian wanted him, but that doesn’t sound like something he should say out loud. Florian smiles and kisses him again.
“Deeper, John, I need—
Sherlock looks at the tickets and back at John, confused. But why would John do this? They don’t give each other random gifts. Is it also meant as a thank you for taking care of Rosie? Surely he must know that isn’t necessary. Doesn’t he know that?
Robert’s eyes widen in surprise. “Sorry, what?”
Rosie shrieks with delight when she sees him and Sherlock greets her with the sort of exuberance he reserves only for her, picking her up and spinning her around, but all of his senses are acutely aware of John standing right there, at parade rest, seemingly calm but actually nervous. He looks… better than the last time Sherlock saw him. A little less thin, a little less tired, a little less like a man on his way to the gallows. He offers Sherlock a small, careful smile. Sherlock smiles back.
John flipped to his back, pulling Sherlock with him. Sherlock ended up half on top of John and immediately liked the new position as John’s hands found their way to his back.
“Yes,” Sherlock says as clearly as he can. They haven’t even properly started yet and Sherlock already feels an overwhelming need to deposit himself at John’s feet. “I’ll tell you.”
Sam and Patrick touch him with gentle hands and lips and tongues, careful and almost reverent, and Sherlock soon loses track of who is where and doing what. The only thing that matters is that he’s safe, with people who care about him enough to do this for him, give him the best approximation of what it feels like to be loved and cherished. He lets himself succumb to their gentle ministrations as he’s guided to the bedroom and spread out on the bed and every single inch of him is kissed and stroked and caressed. Eventually he ends up on his front, getting a sorely-needed back massage that lulls him into a strange state between sleepiness and arousal, and then whoever isn’t loosening his trapezius muscles trickles massage oil down his crack and starts fingering him open in the most teasing way imaginable, until Sherlock is trembling with want and humping the sheets. Then Patrick gathers him in his arms and Sam settles between Sherlock’s legs, swallowing him to the root while pushing two fingers inside, and its bliss.
he predicted John would react in anger – and he used to be right.
Sherlock doesn’t want to be fucked, he wants to be made love to, gently, carefully. And yet, John knows that he could get away with all those things he imagined, and more. He could wake Sherlock up right now and have his way with him, and Sherlock would let him, just like he let him beat the living daylights out of him in Culverton Smith’s hospital.
Please,
“You said it was too much. Does that mean you got, I don’t know, overwhelmed? It was too intense?”
Nothing happens that day, or the next. John goes to the surgery and Sherlock dissects a venomous frog and in the evening they watch telly and everything is absolutely normal. But then, on the third day, John comes home from the morning shift with his shoulders tense and brow furrowed, he puts sugar in his tea, and the amount of swear words in his casual speech increases by 5 – 10 %. Sherlock knows those signs: they mean that that evening, John will use up all the hot water by first having an overly long bath and then masturbating in the shower.
“Oh,” is all he manages to say, feeling like he’s being crushed into powder by the shame weighing on his houlders. He can’t bear to look at Molly’s kind face, to stay here a second longer with someone who believes him to be Sherlock’s
John sat down next to him, hesitantly putting his hand on Sherlock’s back, as if unsure he could touch him – or maybe he didn’t want to touch him anymore.
John shook his head. “I should have noticed. But, Sherlock, you should have told me. Do you have any idea how frightening it was when you suddenly went unresponsive on me?”
“Okay?” he asks quietly when he stops by Sherlock’s bed, and Sherlock nods emphatically, so that John can’t miss it in the lack of light.
” Before John can finish the sentence, Sherlock bears down, impaling himself on John’s cock in one smooth movement. They both cry out – it’s been some time since the last time John was inside him, and Sherlock’s passage has had time to tighten again. It grips John like a vice, hot and tight.
John scoots up next to him, kissing his damp brow and pushing him to his side so that he can press himself close to Sherlock’s chest.
“I do want more,” Sherlock says firmly and slots the key card into the lock.
“This feels perfect, love, but I don’t want to come like this,” he said breathlessly, and Sherlock let go of him as if burnt. As he remembered that John’s cock was not supposed to fit in his hand but somewhere else entirely, the calm he’d felt dissipated, and he glanced towards his bedside table where the array of lubes and condoms was displayed. John followed his gaze.
“Let me guess,” John husks, taking pity on him “You did this.” He moves one hand to Sherlock’s right nipple, holding Sherlock’s hips still with the other. “Teased those sensitive nipples, didn’t you? Like this.” He rolls the firm bud between his fingers, stroking and squeezing.
Sherlock shouts, nearly lifting himself off the bed in an attempt to impale himself further on John’s fingers, the ring of muscle greedily drawing them in. “More!”
“John,” he breathes, and kisses John. He’s just had an orgasm but he can already feel himself getting hard again, just at the thought of finally, finally getting to take that last step with John.
“John, please,” Sherlock says again, looking at him pleadingly, pupils blown wide.
And then all it takes is one more precise thrust, one more flick of thumb over Sherlock’s slit and it’s there, Sherlock’s entire body coiling and then releasing all at once.
Sherlock pants incoherently with every thrust.
“I’m sorry?” Sherlock offers, completely at a loss for what to do.
Sherlock takes a sip of his tea, not really listening to what Maggie, the sixty-something owner of the only grocery store/post office/coffee shop in the village, is telling him. Abby is a labrador Sherlock got to know at the nearby animal rescue centre where both he and Maggie volunteer, who just found a new home despite being old and blind in one eye. And Sherlock is happy for her too, she’s the sweetest, friendliest dog he’s ever met and deserves to spend her last years in a loving home, but he has other things on his mind right now.
“I’m wrong?” she repeats and for the first time she looks less than completely on top of everything. “This isn’t Dr Watson’s handiwork?” she asks, gesturing to Sherlock’s neck. It seems like the mere idea is beyond her comprehension.
thought it was going too far? If no one had stopped him, how long would John have gone on kicking Sherlock? And the last time… John used oil as a lubricant and prepared him a little, so it wasn’t as bad as it could have been, but the penetration was
“I forgive you,” Sherlock says quietly, and as the words leave his mouth he realises they have been true for a long time now, probably since the moment he saw John limp out of his sister’s girlfriend’s house.
would soon be having
I need you here,
“Hey, hey,” John said gently, pulling Sherlock into his arms, and only then did Sherlock notice he’d started shaking violently. Sherlock let himself be pulled against John’s chest, resting his head on his shoulder. He didn’t deserve this, but he needed the comfort desperately. “It’s okay, you’re okay. I’m not angry. I’m just trying to understand what happened. Can you tell me?”
“Is someone home?” Sherlock whispers against Terry’s lips. He’s not particularly interested in someone walking in on them – these are uncharted waters as it is. Terry shakes his head.
“You obviously didn’t want us to know, we didn’t want to force it,” Sam says. “But maybe we should have told you, I’m sorry.”
“And you… why didn’t you say anything?”
He cups Sherlock’s cheek and leans in to kiss him, softly. It’s unlike every kiss they’ve ever shared, and something shatters inside Sherlock.
“I intend to go back. There’s no ‘to him’. He’s not waiting for me. But I have my life, and it’s worth living even if he’s not in it.” It’s what he’s been trying so hard to convince himself of all this time, and he hopes that he finally believes it.
of that statement makes Sherlock see red.
“Is this okay? Can I do this?” John asked as he kept his fingers in a loose fist around Sherlock’s cock, not moving until Sherlock agreed to it.
Sherlock shook his head, his eyes tightly closed. “I can’t, it’s—it’s too much, I can’t.”
Then suddenly John stops kissing him and his hand disappears from Sherlock’s crotch, and Sherlock has a split second to be simultaneously relieved and disappointed, then John thrusts a bottle of olive oil in front of Sherlock’s face, so close Sherlock has to lean his head back to see it properly.
He’s asking if he should reciprocate, Sherlock realises. Somehow, it hadn’t occurred to him that could happen, but it should have – John
John hesitates. It feels wrong to leave Sherlock like this, but he obviously wants to be alone. And in the end, what could John do to help?
As Sherlock looked at his bed, carefully made with fresh sheets in preparation for tonight’s activities, at the tubes and bottles of various kinds of lubricant and different condom types he’d laid out on the bedside table, he felt his resolution waver. Could he really go through with it? He wanted to, desperately, he wanted to give himself over to John so there could be no doubt in John’s mind that Sherlock was his, but the idea that
John kissed the crown of his head and continued to hold him. “Can’t what?”
“You won’t,” Terry says, cupping Sherlock’s face with unexpected gentleness. “We don’t have to do that if you don’t want to, but you won’t hurt me.” He leans in closer, bringing his lips all the way to Sherlock’s ear, and he whispers breathily, “I’m wearing a butt plug.”
the taste of his mouth, the feel of his tongue, the wet sounds their mouths make as they slide against each other.
He’s so hard he’s leaking and his balls feel ready to burst; it’s driving him mad yet he knows he can’t touch himself, not with John there to see, but then suddenly he
“I was about to come,” John explains. “But you did such a great job preparing yourself earlier, I don’t want that to go to waste.”
And it’s not even how it happened, he knows it’s not. Sherlock told him he’d specifically asked for someone who would be gentle with him. It’s only John’s dirty, twisted mind that supplied animalistic fucking instead.
“John,” Sherlock says as his third finger breaches him, the stretch combined with the weight of John’s gaze almost too much, and then he brushes his prostate and it’s unbearable, he needs John John John.
John’s index finger pressed in slowly and Sherlock gasped. It didn’t hurt, but it felt like too much already, and it was just one finger. Sherlock focused on breathing through his nose and not on the fact that he was impaled on John’s index finger and how that must look.
“Fine,” Sherlock says, more harshly than he intended, John’s concern only adding to the shame crushing him.
“Come here,” he whispers, and Sherlock goes willingly, lets himself be wrapped up in a hug. “Someone hurt you, didn’t they,” Florian says softly and it’s not really a question. “I’m so sorry. But it’s okay now. You’re okay.”
Taking a deep breath, he left the bathroom.
Sherlock was relieved – not because he didn’t want to have sex with John, but the emotional roller coaster of the last few hours had left him rather exhausted and besides, he’d really prefer to do some research beforehand, to feel less woefully unprepared.
“Scott, what are you doing here?” he asks, clearly having spotted Sherlock through the window. “Are you all right?”
“So this thing with Watson… That’s been a really long time coming, hasn’t it?” Sam asks.
Sherlock stares. Did Sam just
“What I did to you in the – in that mortuary… that was unforgivable, Sherlock. You never did anything to deserve something like that, and you never deserved to be blamed for Mary’s death. I’m sorry.”
He hadn’t planned what he would say in response to this, so he’s a bit surprised when what comes out of his mouth is, “Why didn’t you tell me? When you told me everything else? It’s quite an essential piece of information.”
“So you see the problem, John,” Sherlock continues quietly. His head drops even lower, his spine bends, shoulders close in. Curling in on himself. “I’m in love with you, and at this point it’s unlikely I’ll ever stop. I though being with someone else might be… good enough, better than nothing. That maybe it would help me to… move on. But I realised today that I could never do that. It wouldn’t be fair to ask someone to care for me when I could never fully reciprocate.”
As his mouth watered at the thought of kissing John, he suddenly became aware of a blatant flaw in his plan: he needed to brush his teeth first. He couldn’t possibly kiss John with his stale mouth. John had said that things Sherlock found embarrassing were probably hot to him, but surely he couldn’t have meant morning breath. Could he? No. And in any case, the thought of John’s nose crinkling at the smell of Sherlock’s breath was enough to make his erection wane rapidly.
“Not entirely on purpose? What does that mean?” John asked. He sounded upset, but he still cared enough to cover Sherlock with the duvet, giving him at least a little bit of dignity. He didn’t seem to mind that he was stark naked, too.
Sherlock swallows the sudden lump of emotion that has appeared in his throat. “I think I can swat flies on my own now. I just hope I won’t have to.” It would be the hardest thing he’s ever had to do, but he would do it. John hurt him in ways he had no right to, but Sherlock will never let him do so again.
“Well, well, well,” she drawls when he joins her, looking him up and down. “This a surprise.”
“This is the best morning of my life,” John murmurs as he kisses Sherlock’s ear, sending a shiver down Sherlock’s spine.
“Oh, god, yes,” John said and got up. “Are you sure, though?” he asked as he walked to Sherlock and cupped his face in his palms.
He will be. He feels better already – perhaps it was good to let it all out, both in the sense of telling John how he feels and letting himself cry about it afterwards. John isn’t shunning him – he’ll be fine. It hurts, of course, to know he’ll never know a loving embrace or share his home with a partner – and that he has forfeited all chances of even just a brief, friendly hug from John, since he’s unlikely to want to touch Sherlock at all and Sherlock won’t dare to initiate now, and it’s now more improbable than before that John would ever move back, even just temporarily. It hurts, but the pain will dull with time like it had before – it’s only the thing with Darian that made it flare up again. He only needs some time and to rearrange things in his mind palace, and he’ll be able to live with it comfortably. Or as comfortably as possible.  As long as John remains his friend and is happy again – that’s all he can ask for.
“Scott, wh--”
“Yes,” he says, and mashes his mouth against Terry’s.
“I need a drink,” John announced and stalked off to the kitchen. He was back within moments with a bottle of whisky and a tumbler, and his hands shook as he poured himself a sloppy glass.
John kissed him hard.
“That’s why I asked about… making love to you. I was wondering if you could be… satisfied with other forms of stimulation, at least for a while.”
Sherlock  pushes the glass of water he’d prepared and a packet of painkillers towards him. “Here,” he mumbles, which is just embarrassing, really – Sherlock Holmes isn’t supposed to mumble.
come too.
“Well, try us,” he says firmly.
invited
, because he felt he was making things up to John somehow.
The thought is overwhelming and terrifying and his mind shies away from it, but he forces himself to think it, to look at it full on without covering his eyes with his fingers. Sherlock is in love with him.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says as he accepts it. The box is smooth and unmarked, aside from a tasteful logo embossed on the top, which Sherlock recognises. He glances at Patrick and Sam, who wink at him. Sherlock opens the box and finds a small, sleek vibrator, the kind that he’s already looked at online a few times.
“What about your… um. The guy you’ve been seeing?” John asks when they separate a little, staying close to each other.
John actually went slightly pink at that, which Sherlock found fascinating, because surely he must have been aware he was above average. It was bound to have been a source of pride and admiration from his past lovers.
The only real drawback was that, as much as Sherlock liked being held by John, this way he could only hug John’s arm to him, and it was simply not enough. He needed to have John in his arms too, he needed to kiss him. He was going to turn around and let John rut against his thigh instead and –
The change of topic catches Sherlock off guard. His throat constricts, but he forces himself to speak. This is another thing they’d have to discuss at some point anyway. “Yes,” he says simply, because it’s the truth.  “All I ever did after I came back… was just a way to try to make up for all the pain I’d caused you. In a way, I was glad when you…” he lets John fill in the bits he’s unable to articulate, “because I felt like if only you hurt me enough, then we’d be even and I’d have… done my penance. Earned your forgiveness.” It’s unbearable, thinking about what he felt then, what he believed, especially when he knows these feelings aren’t all that far away. He blinks back tears.
for. I love kissing you, you’re so good at it.” Sherlock’s skin tingles with the praise, and a helpless whimper escapes him when John’s hand moves to rub Sherlock’s left nipple.
What has John done for him in return? Blamed him for Mary’s death, written him a truly horrible letter that John can’t bear to remember in too much detail without wanting to throw up, hit him while he was dying of kidney failure, been utterly insensitive to his feelings.
He all but threw himself at John, needing desperately to be close, to be held, to bask in the reassurance that he wasn’t, after all, a complete failure. John staggered a little under Sherlock’s weight but he accepted him into his arms readily, shifting a bit so that he could lean against the backrest and pull Sherlock against his chest.
“John, I’m really sorry I’ve made it so complicated.”
But this is not it, is it? John is drunk. He doesn’t really want this (doesn’t really want Sherlock). He’s drunk and he’s still grieving, there’s nothing more to it, and it would be absolutely despicable for Sherlock to take advantage of that.
Then Sherlock meets Jack, and that convinces him that anything is possible because despite his previous conviction, love at first sight does in fact exist. It only takes one look into Jack’s deep, soulful eyes and he’s lost. Jack looks at him from his kennel at an animal centre in Battersea, his ears floppy, his tongue hanging out and his tail wagging, and Sherlock falls in love instantly. Jack is a cross between a Dachshund and a Cocker Spaniel, with soft black fur, a slight limp due to an old injury and a very cuddly disposition. Mrs Hudson is not best pleased when Sherlock first brings him home because she specifically said she’d only allow a short-haired breed, but she soon softens because Jack is simply too adorable to resist. Sherlock doesn’t take any cases for a week and spends his time helping Jack adjust to his new home. By the end of the week, they are well on the way to becoming best friends. Sherlock marvels at what a profound effect Jack has on his well-being. He’s not alone anymore, and that gives him back some of the confidence he’s lost since returning to London – simply because there’s someone who’s excited when he gets home and wants to cuddle with him on the sofa and benefits from having Sherlock in his life.
John pulls the covers over them – they’re disgustingly filthy at this point, but it doesn’t matter. Gradually, Sherlock’s shivers subside and his breathing evens out. John wipes his tears away with his thumb, and Sherlock opens his eyes slowly, heavy-lidded and unfocused.
That’s what’s on his mind as he sits in Maggie’s shop and nibbles on his third scone. That’s what’s been on his mind for days now. He thinks he’s finally ready, but he’s always chickened out right before telling Robert. He
a requirement.”
“Scott!” Patrick squeals and throws himself at Sherlock. “That’s amazing!”
“Fuck!” John swears, and despite his exhaustion he has to fight the urge to buck up. “Oh god, Sherlock.”
Sherlock frowns. “What do you mean? There’s no special uptick in murders in midsummer as far as I know…” Although he supposes it’s possible, he could certainly imagine someone murdering for air-conditioning given the heatwaves in recent years…
Could he really claim that leaving him alone was in any way
Sherlock’s breathing quietens a little but not completely, and when he opens his eyes to look at John it’s not with the glazed, post-coital look he usually gets, but with undiminished want.
at the start of John’s spiral into anger and drinking and violence, and Sherlock cannot help feeling guilty about that. On the other hand… that didn’t give John the right to treat Sherlock the way he did, he knows that now.
Sherlock looks at him properly then, because that doesn’t make any sense. It meant everything to Sherlock, of course, but John isn’t supposed to know that, he isn’t supposed to
Sherlock is lying on his side, pale body stretched, head resting propped up on one hand. His cock is at half-mast and there is a flush to his cheeks that John knows has little to do with the steam of the shower. He is breath-taking.
John let go of him immediately.
confident about getting what they want, if what they want happens to be penetration. And so he finds himself drawn to a young guy who lowers his gaze when Sherlock catches him looking, but a moment later his eyes are back on Sherlock as if drawn by a magnet. He’s shorter than Sherlock but not as short as… never mind, slim and muscular, with meticulous grooming habits and well-fitting clothes. Clearly a PhD student in a humanities field, a regular, living close enough to have walked here. His eyes crinkle when he smiles. He’ll do.
“And you?”
Molly blinks at him. “But – since when do
“I really thought she was there to stay, you know?” Maggie continues. “Poor girl. So few people are willing to take an older dog, it breaks my heart. I get it, of course I do – you get attached and before you know it they’re gone. Not everyone’s ready for that, I get it. But those poor darlings! You could tell how happy Abby was when she realised she was going home with her new family! They seemed like a really nice couple too, I reckon she can have a good few years with them… but you’re not listening to me at all, Scotty, are you?” Before Sherlock can react, her eyes twinkle and she grins at him. “Is there a young man on your mind?”
“I know, I’m just imagining you two doing experiments together,” John says, and he sounds amused and… fond? “I know you’d never let her come to any harm.” He clears his throat. “If you’re done eating, I thought we could go to the park? The weather’s lovely. Unless you’re busy, of course.”
“Can I ask you a question?” Sherlock asks a moment later as he strokes gently through the thick hair on Robert’s chest
John turned to look at him, eyes wide and horrified. “I did that, didn’t I? I just—I just
Sherlock is in love with him and he planned John’s wedding. Wrote a wedding waltz. Forgave John’s wife without hesitation for very nearly killing him. He killed a man and was ready to go to a suicide mission to keep John’s family safe. He probably did more for John’s marriage than John did. He put himself in the hands of a serial killer in order to help John. He asked if John and Rosie wanted to move to Baker Street and offered to move all his experiments and if necessary even his bedroom to 221C, effectively giving his flat up to John (John declined the offer and didn’t examine his reasons why too closely).
Sherlock after it’s over and their friendship will be ruined, except it already is, Sherlock has already done that.
“Stop apologising, it’s fine,” Sherlock tells them. He needed the persona of Scott to protect himself in the beginning, but he doesn’t need it any more. “It’s me who should apologise, really, I should’ve been honest with you.”
Saying goodbye is impossible, no standard phrase applicable to their situations. They hold each other’s gaze and just nod instead, both desperately clinging to their composure. Then John faces about and leaves. The cup of tea Sherlock made for him is untouched.
“Oh no, love, it’s perfect, you’re perfect,” John reassured him immediately, brushing Sherlock’s hair from his forehead. “Don’t worry. Just use some lube.”
“Not—not enough,” Sherlock gasps, moving his fingers inside himself, trying to find that perfect spot.
not to be anything but entirely John’s.
“It’s okay, love, you’re okay,” he whispers soothingly, pushing Sherlock’s hair away from his damp forehead. “Just breathe with me, okay? Nice and slow.” He places Sherlock’s hand on his chest and makes himself breathe slowly and deeply so that Sherlock can match his breathing to his. “There you go, very good. Nice and slow, that’s right.”
A second finger joined the first, stretching him further, pushing in deeper. John was talking to him in soothing whispers but Sherlock found he couldn’t make out the words anymore, he was too focused on breathing normally and keeping his muscles relaxed. And then John’s fingers curled and pressed and heat exploded inside Sherlock, intense pleasure spiking through him like an electric shock.
’s developed a sort of fondness for them, they’re the only people, discounting Rosie, with whom he has any sort of physical contact on a regular basis and they’ve always been good to him, but it never occurred to him that
John shrugs, looking down at Jack. “Good. I mean, it’s awful and I hate it, but I’m making progress, I think.” He laughs self-deprecatingly. “Turns out that for therapy to work, you actually have to make an effort.”
“John,
“I do want it,” he said. His voice sounded weak, but he couldn’t seem to find the strength for anything more. “I’ve never wanted anyone the way I want you, John. But I just
There’s an awkward moment when they struggle with taking off their hiking boots, which breaks the mood a bit, but otherwise it’s easy. Slightly fumbly and uncertain on Sherlock’s part, but Florian takes his hesitations in stride and Sherlock leans into all of his touches, uncaring if he looks too eager: he’ll take all that he can get. They fall on the bed in a tangle of limbs, sighing and gasping as they rock together, and it feels so much better than Sherlock could ever have expected.
the first time, not feel
“I… shower,” he stutters, almost, and flees to the bathroom.
Sherlock’s eyes blinked open and he saw John’s face, awash with worry.
“Where did you get these?” he asks.
” Sherlock cries out, and it takes all the self-control he can muster not to thrust up. As if reading his mind, John uses one hand to keep Sherlock’s hips still and wraps the other around the base of Sherlock’s erection.  Sherlock had doubts if John would be interested in doing this, and he’s so, so glad he was wrong because it feels
“Sherlock.”
“Oh, love,” John said, squeezing Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock kept his eyes resolutely down. “Nobody’s perfect the first time around – and I don’t just mean the first time ever, but the first time with a new partner. There’s a learning curve, but you’re the fastest learner I know. And… well. You know I’ve never been with a man before, so it’s new for me too.” He cleared his throat – clearly he wasn’t very comfortable with the topic either. “But we’ll muddle through together, we always do.”
finally relaxes. He’s here, in John’s arms. He’s arrived. John smells like London and winter and
to trust John again, but hearing John say all this, hearing the man he’d given his heart to say that he used Sherlock as a punching bag to take out his frustrations, his inability to accept himself… maybe there’s nothing to salvage. His earlier determination to fix things between them suddenly seems stupidly naive. He thinks John’s probably hoping for him to say something, but he can’t. What is there to say? “It’s okay, John, let’s be friends again”? He thought he could do that, but he can’t, at least not now. He takes a sip of his tea. It’s oversteeped.
And then – after years of pining, weeks of waiting, days of torturous anticipation – they’re there. Standing in the living room and looking at each other, a little awkwardly, finally alone and in peace. The impatience of the last few days seems to fall away, replaced instead with thrumming tension.
to leave Sherlock alone when he’s heartbroken and miserable.
“Your face when you’re having an orgasm is the single most erotic thing I’ve ever seen,” John murmurs into Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock—giggles, because if there’s something he never expected to come out of John’s mouth, it’s this.
It starts on the anniversary of John’s wedding.
and then John’s other hand sneaked down to Sherlock’s right buttock and
“Is that okay?” he asks softly, stroking Sherlock’s thigh. “I’ll put a condom on it.”
– it’s John inside of him, it’s as close as they can be, and that knowledge is satisfying enough in itself. Sherlock focuses on that, and tries not to think about what (or rather, whom) John might be thinking about, whose name might be on his lips if his sighs took the shape of words.
Sherlock shouted, and only when John immediately pulled out did he realise that what he’d shouted was “no”.
“Feel free to stay the night if you want to,” Terry says when he stubs out his cigarette. “As long as you don’t snore and don’t mind risking running into my flatmate in the morning.”
“Sherlock, just one thing,” John murmurs, his breath hot on Sherlock’s skin. “Please, just one thing. Don’t do anything just because you think I want it. You deserve to get as much out of this as me. I want to give it to you. Please, will you… will you tell me if there’s anything you want, or don’t want. It matters to me. Can you do that?”
John keeps a rhythm of slow, deep thrusts that are, to him, almost unbearable in their intensity. He pulls out almost all the way, only to push back as far as he can, drawing deep, almost continuous moans from Sherlock. Gradually, Sherlock’s voice gets louder, his fingers dig into John’s back harder, and John knows he only needs to hold out for a little while before he gives Sherlock his third orgasm of the night and then he can finally,
“You’re wrong,” he says dully.  Irene leans back in her chair as if the shock of Sherlock’s statement threw her backwards.
Sherlock doesn’t mind waiting. Now that he doesn’t have to wonder what John’s reasons are, he actually appreciates it, in a way.  He’s glad he has time to get used to the sensations gradually - they may be progressing at the rate of very shy teenagers (or so Sherlock assumes; luckily, he’s never had to give any thought to the sexual habits of teenagers, shy or otherwise), but even that slow tempo can be rather overwhelming for someone who had successfully ignored this part of himself for most of his life. So yes, he’s glad to have some extra time to familiarise himself with his own reactions, and to learn John’s - what makes him gasp and squirm and say Sherlock’s name in a deep, gravelly voice.  Mentally, he’s completely fine with waiting. Physically, though… his body doesn’t seem to agree. He’s unused to this level of sensuous sensory input, and it turns out it leads to a pretty much continuous state of arousal and rather persistent erections.
“There is a difference between valuing someone’s happiness above your own, and disregarding your own completely,” Dr Schneider tells him. “The fact that you love someone doesn’t mean your own life and well-being become meaningless in comparison.”
“That’s not how it is and you know it!”
“Okay,” John said immediately. “No penetration. What else?”
Sherlock’s smile falters only when he feels a question rising in his throat, forcing its way past its lips. It’s a question he hasn’t dared to repeat after he was rejected on the first attempt, but now, perhaps, the time is right.
Sherlock snaps his hips forward, groaning. He makes very different noises when he tops than at any other time, more animalistic, and John loves it. With John’s encouragement, Sherlock’s thrusts turn progressively more powerful, pounding into John like his life depends on it.
“Turn around,” John commands, his voice as hard as steel. Sherlock catches his eye, and just like that, he understands. John’s pupils are blown wide, but there’s no desire in them, just rage and hatred. Sherlock knows that look. His kitchen might as well be a mortuary.
He can hear John’s breath catch, see his Adam’s apple bob.
“Monstrous choices. Unforgivable choices.”
“That’s quite a drastic change of scenery. Don’t you miss city life?”
As soon as John’s hold on him falters Sherlock collapses, unable to keep himself upright. The aftershocks die down, and he doesn’t come down from the heights of pleasure as much as he crashes: shame hits him hard enough to rival the force of his orgasm. He’s still trembling and breathless, but now in all the wrong ways. He turns his back to John, who’s saying something that Sherlock can’t even process, pulling his knees up and bending his spine to hide the revolting evidence of his lack of self-control that stains his hand and stomach, in a desperate attempt to hide it from John.
John will think it’s a case, but so what. They need to talk about this – Sherlock needs to know if he’s right, and if he is, he wants to hear John say the words.
“What is it, love?” John asks gently. “What would you like?”
mean that you were in any way to blame, okay? You weren’t, it was my fault. So I’m just trying to make sure that I don’t accidentally – miss a step I need to take. I need to be sure that there isn’t anything left of that… of that monster in me.”
“Yes, that’s it, touch yourself, make yourself feel good,” Robert encourages him, his voice strained with the effort of keeping his movements in check. He can’t be too comfortable, but Sherlock will make it up to him later. For now, he wraps his fingers around his straining cock and begins stroking himself with long, firm pulls, his back arching at the increase in pleasure, the dual stimulation pushing long, shuddering gasps out of his lungs.
“Because I… because I was a closeted homophobic arsehole,” John says, and it’s so far out of the realm of things Sherlock could have expected him to say that he actually lifts his head to look at him. John meets his eyes briefly, a world of pain and shame swimming behind a sheen of tears, and then looks back down at the table. “I am – bisexual.” The world is clearly new and alien on his tongue, but he says it firmly. “I always knew this, but I never accepted it. Pushed it down, buried it… let it fester. I congratulated myself on being supportive of my lesbian sister, but anytime there was a man I was attracted to I found a way to punish him for it. And when you… when you said that you… loved me,” he says the words low and quick, like something that could explode if given too much room to exist, “it was like you were forcing me to look at a part of myself I spent most of my life pretending didn’t exist. Something just… snapped in me.”
He doesn’t know what to say, but Terry doesn’t particularly seem to want to talk, so that’s all right. They smoke in silence, tapping off ash into a chipped cup, and it’s not a cuddle but it’s not bad. Their upper arms touch as they sit next to each other, Sherlock feels pleasantly tired and Terry seems relaxed and satisfied next to him, which is a nice confidence boost.
second time they shared last night. On the other hand… it’s still rather early and Sherlock doesn’t feel hungry at all – not for food, anyway. When he joins John back in bed again, he would much rather if there weren’t any trays or hot liquids in the way.
“Thank you,” he says. He wants to do something, anything, to make sure this random stranger likes him. “Your English is very good,” he says helplessly, the first things that comes to his mind.
Then, several weeks after the day at the zoo, Molly comes down with a cold the day before they’re due for another of their now habitual outings with Rosie, and Mrs Hudson is unavailable (a date – Sherlock prefers not to think about that or his mind palace might get irrecoverably corrupted). John texts him to let him know that he trusts Sherlock to take care of Rosie on his own, but Sherlock realises that this is an opportunity.
“You just admitted you got some things wrong. Maybe this is one of them,” Sherlock says through his teeth.
“John,” Sherlock gasped as John’s hands roamed over his body and John’s mouth attached itself to his left nipple, and then he had to bite his lips to prevent himself from whimpering.
He tries to take Ella’s advice to heart and to give himself time to figure out how he feels and what he wants. It feels like
“I came because it’s where I’m supposed to be. You’re… you weren’t okay. I should be there for you when you aren’t okay. You’ve always been there for me.”
John doesn’t. A tear runs down the side of his nose, unimpeded. He lifts a hand and reaches to touch Sherlock’s shoulder and Sherlock flinches involuntarily, his whole body jerking away from John. John withdraws his hand immediately as if Sherlock were made of fire, and with a sudden rush of disappointment Sherlock realises that despite his body’s unconscious reaction, what he wants more than anything is for John to touch him. A kind, comforting, affectionate touch from John. What would it be like, if he hadn’t flinched? John’s hand, coming to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder. The weight of it, warmth seeping through the fabric of Sherlock’s shirt. And then -- John pulling him closer, wrapping his arms around him, holding Sherlock close to his chest.
“Microscopes aren’t dangerous, John,” Sherlock points out.
“I know. I want it.”
“Hello, John,” he says when the last notes die down. He turns to face John and smiles, happy to note that once again, John looks a little bit better than the last time Sherlock saw him. It’s a very pleasant trend to witness and it feels incredibly right – they
mind sitting through three hours of prancing?”
“John, that was – you were – I love you,” Sherlock manages as he kisses the top of John’s head over and over. He feels like he somehow loves John even more than before, if that were possible, or perhaps like sharing this with him has made him aware of new aspects of his love. He’s almost overwhelmed with the force of it.
An ice brick lodges itself in Sherlock’s stomach. Why on earth did he think meeting her would be a good idea?
“Okay,” John says, always so easily accepting. “What would that involve, then? Bondage? The—the riding crop?”
is their first kiss.
He could just ignore it, bury it deep like he’s always done and never think about it again. That would probably be the safest option. But wouldn’t it essentially mean condemning Sherlock to a lifetime of solitude? Of watching John develop new romantic relationships, possibly another marriage, and never being able to have anything like that himself.
“Please, I need—
“Of course I care, but what use is it? I can’t bring her back and I can’t turn into her and I never expected to be an adequate replacement in any long-term fashion. I don’t know what more there is to—“ he cuts himself off, because John’s expression has turned absolutely horrified.
with it if you don’t want to, I just need to know the truth.”
“I don’t think you’ll be needing your phone anymore, will you?” John says, and God, it’s
“So you’ve said,” Sherlock says, affecting nonchalance, but John knows that compliments to his looks flatter him almost as much as compliments to his intelligence. And then: “You are, too.”
It hurts worse than he thought it would, searing pain like being split open as John drives into him again and again and again, pummelling his insides. Sherlock imagines what this would look like to someone who came in now, John “Not Gay” Watson ramming his penis deep inside another man’s anus with animalistic vigour, and he wants to laugh hysterically at the absurdity of it. The noises he hears leaving his mouth sound nothing like laughter, however.
“I know. I hope he is. The John Watson I fell in love with would be.” He sighs. “I just want to try and fix it,” he says, and suddenly he feels it so strongly he nearly gasps. He needs to try. He can’t do it alone, if John doesn’t meet him halfway then all is lost, but Sherlock will be damned if he goes without a fight. “We have a lot to talk about. We never really did that, not about anything that mattered.”
“John?” Sherlock asks uncertainly.
“Come on, Sherlock, be a good boy. You know that’s not what I was asking about. How did you touch yourself? Describe it to me. Did you think about me?”
“Can be a gift for Watson, too,” Sam adds. “Let him watch you use this on yourself and he’ll go weak in the knees, trust me.”
“Take care of yourself,” Molly tells him when they break apart, Sherlock blinking back moisture that seems to have gathered in his eyes.
Sherlock’s eyes widen comically, his face blushing scarlet, and then he begins shovelling eggs into his mouth.
to give it to you. And if you’ve decided that a romantic relationship is something you might be interested in then you
Sherlock responds enthusiastically, sucking John’s tongue into his mouth like it’s his life source, stroking everywhere he can reach.
“Don’t. Please,” he croaks and presses the heels of hands to his eyes. He feels like he’s falling apart – this
Sherlock nodded, but he knew already he would do no such thing. He needed to get through this. He needed to be the kind of partner John wanted. John gave him a scorching kiss, his tongue thrusting inside him just like his cock soon would, and Sherlock would let him, because Sherlock was John’s.
He’s not known for being or wanting to be
“Why not?” John says with a warm smile. “Something herbal, though, it’s too late for caffeine.”
Sherlock tends to stay quiet in those situations - it’s bad enough that even complete strangers can see what he wants, he doesn’t need to make it any worse for himself. As they walk along the paths in Regent’s Park, he looks at the people they pass and wonders how many of them think that, how many of them think that and don’t care, how many are disgusted, how many think Sherlock, John and Rosie make a nice little family.
“I know.”
“I know. Thank you,” Sherlock says, certain that he won’t.
John lies down on the bed and guides Sherlock to his lap, stroking his hips.
That worries John. Sherlock seemed fine the last time John saw him, so he doesn’t think it’s drugs again, but he still climbs the stairs with a sense of trepidation.
“Robert, stop,” he asks even though he doesn’t want this to end. “I’m ready now.”
Sherlock wakes up in the dark, the bite on his hand tingling, a deep, persistent ache inside him, and a clear idea about what he needs in his head. He gets up gingerly and stumbles to the window, finding his emergency stash of cocaine unerringly. He prefers injecting, it’s so much neater, but snorting will do in a pinch.
“Do you want to be on your hands and knees? I think that’s easiest,” Robert suggests, stroking Sherlock’s hip in a soothing manner.
“Is that all you have to say?” John asks, sharp.
Sherlock looks at him with wide eyes, a soft blush colouring his cheeks, and then he sighs softly and nods, an adorably earnest expression on his face.
“I – it was – I needed to calm down and I couldn’t, I didn’t want to do it like this but I couldn’t control it anymore, I just needed…”
“Go on,” he manages to get out, and he watches John’s eyes grow even darker, pleasure spread on his face as he pushes in deeper, deeper.
“John – I’m—” he chokes out in warning, barely in time for John to let him slip out of his mouth before he starts to come, nearly sobbing in his release as John strokes him through it, drawing it out until Sherlock feels like he’s been turned inside out. He sags onto the mattress, panting in the aftershocks, and John crawls up to kiss him, letting him taste himself on John’s tongue.
, he doesn’t know how if he can take any more, but he
“Come on, love,” John urges him, and Sherlock presses in in one slow, perfect stroke.
Of course, she must have noticed John’s buried bisexuality.
you get high!”
He nodded. He’d do whatever John wanted.
is all he ever does these days and he wishes he could be done with it now, that he could stop with the constant self-examination and uncertainty and just
Sherlock nods, and John can almost see the shiver that runs down Sherlock’s spine.
“You like that? What else do you like?”
“Yes,” Sherlock said and unzipped John’s trousers so that there could really be no mistaking his meaning. “I want you,” he added, feeling a bit silly even though it was true.
“I’m ready, Sherlock,” John prompts him, when it starts to look like Sherlock could probably get off simply on fingering John. “How do you want me?”
to take care of yourself when all your friends go to considerable trouble every day for the sake of your health and well-being.”
“There’s a good boy,” John says smugly. “Don’t choke yourself.”
John shakes his head.“How could I, Sherlock, after what I did to you? How would that sound? A declaration of love after I behaved like an utter
“Don’t suffocate him, love,” Sam chides, and then he meets Sherlock’s eyes, a broad grin on his face. “I’m really happy for you, even though you should know it’s a
he often actively preferred not to be touched, but now… After spending hours lost in thoughts of past pain and cruelty, he finds himself desperate any sort of positive touch. It’s pathetic but he doesn’t care; he’s supposed to look for things that make him happy and this does, this tiny little bit of human warmth is suddenly everything to him.
There is a moment of silence when the only sound to be heard is John’s wet, shaky breathing, and then Sherlock unsticks his tongue from the roof of his mouth and forces himself to speak.
While it was true that Sherlock’s own touch was bound to feel far less intense than John’s, Sherlock didn’t think he’d be able to essentially have John watch him masturbate. He shook his head, embarrassed.
“Yeah, like that,” John encouraged him. “Does it feel good?”
“Then I was wrong about more things than one,” Irene says, her eyes wide as she looks at Sherlock as if she was seeing him for the first time. “It seems I was mistaken in my assessment of you when we first met.”
it will be fine – they’ve often had fairly vigorous sex and Robert has never been anything but careful and attentive, he’d never do anything to hurt Sherlock.  Still, he’s scared, and when things get heated and they’re naked and Robert’s huge, erect penis is right there, it’s easier to just not say anything and do something else instead. But he doesn’t think he’ll ever stop being scared – he’s as ready as he’ll ever be. He’ll just have to work through it.
but he changes tactic at the last second.
Instead of being offended, Irene just laughs. “Well, I certainly never deleted
It was past three in the morning and they were curled up in each other’s arms, having kissed and talked so much their mouths hurt, when John said, “We should probably go to bed.”
John sat down next to him. For a moment they just sat in silence, staring at their mugs of tea, and Sherlock desperately tried to come up with something less pathetic to say than “I’m so sorry please don’t break up with me”.
“That was gorgeous, Sherlock,” he whispers against Sherlock’s sweat-damp curls, kissing his face gently. “I love watching you come.”
“I love you,” John says, firm and sure, and Sherlock’s heart may actually stop beating for a moment.
“This what you want?” John asks, as if there could be any doubt at all.
“Yes,” he says instead, and then, without planning it or consciously deciding to do it, Sherlock tells him everything. He sits there naked in Robert’s bed and the words spill out in a flood he can’t stop, everything he’s been bottling up pouring out of him.
Sam groans. “God save us from Patrick on a matchmaking spree.”
“Let me go, love. I’ll just get a flannel to clean us up.”
Sherlock nods again. “Hold me,” he says softly. And so John does – he holds Sherlock’s close, stroking his back and murmuring endearments and praise to his ear until Sherlock’s shivers subside. Only then does John reach for the flannel and cleans them both up as much as his current lack of energy allows. The water bottle seems almost too heavy for Sherlock to hold when John hands it to him, but he drinks deeply – his throat must be parched.
John shakes his head like he doesn’t believe it, but he doesn’t say anything. Instead he lifts his hand and cups Sherlock’s cheek, soft, tender, the kind of touch Sherlock had never dared to hope for from John. He leans his face into John’s palm but doesn’t break eye contact, because he can see his own feelings mirrored in John’s eyes, and he knows, knows with a bone-deep certainty, that this can’t be faked. John means it. John… is his.
Over the four months since that fateful day when Sherlock revealed his feelings, John started seeing a new therapist (a man this time – Paskal Dibra, 43, unmarried, originally from Macedonia, no chance of being a long-lost murderous relation of Sherlock’s). Mainly, the main theme of the therapy seems to be anger management – John’s told Sherlock as much, but Sherlock knows there’s something else, something John doesn’t want him to know about, something that made him choose a therapist whose office is inconveniently far both from John’s flat and the surgery. Sherlock has resisted the urge to look up all of Paskal’s past and present clients and find out what reasons they had to visit him to see if it would help him figure out John’s reasons. John is very obviously trying to be a better friend and Sherlock feels that, for the sake of fairness, he should be doing the same, so he’s trying to be more considerate of John’s privacy and not to poke his nose where he shouldn’t.
“No,” Sherlock admits, finally daring meet John’s eyes only to find there’s no need for his courage because John is studiously avoiding his gaze. “But… he was very kind to me. I needed that,” he adds after a moment. And why shouldn’t he, really? Why shouldn’t he let John know about all of this? Robert was important to him. The fact that he has a sex life now is important to him. There’s no reason why he should keep it a secret.
“I’m glad,” Sherlock says, and once again he’s surprised how true it is. Maybe he can admit to himself now, after everything that’s happened, that he likes to see people happy – perhaps all the more because he himself isn’t. “I’m sure you’ll be disgustingly saccharine together, but you deserve to be happy. You both do.”
That, at least, is something he can understand. There is no need for his earlier confusion and panic anymore, and his mind is quiet and blank even as John forces his legs further apart and then pushes his upper body forward. Sherlock braces himself against the counter and stays still, not thinking about what’s going to happen, not anticipating, just… being. There is nothing else for him to do. He hears John’s laboured breathing, hears him unscrew the cap and let it clatter to the floor, the soft sound of thick liquid pouring through a narrow opening, the clang of the bottle being deposited on the counter next to his elbow. He keeps his gaze straight ahead, fixed on the line where the counter meets wall. There’s dust there, and crumbs, unidentifiable at this range but probably bread. He’s never given much attention to cleaning the kitchen aside from his scientific equipment, and Mrs Hudson can only do so much.
“Let go, love. I’ve got you, let go.” John kissed his temple, and that was it: Sherlock’s back arched, his hips ramming forward one last time and then something snapped and was coming, shuddering in John arms with helpless moans leaving his lips as he came and came and
“And - I don’t want to take off my shirt.” He’d rather not have to explain the scars on his back, and they are hardly a turn-on. This request seems to give Florian pause, but then he just shrugs.
Sherlock moans as he feels his orgasm building at the root of his spine, fucking into the tight circle of their hands. He says John’s name because now he can. “John,
An abuse victim. That’s what Dr Schneider sees when she looks at him (she’d probably say
Sherlock wraps his fingers around John – and, god, just that simple thing sends a shiver through him. To be touching John so intimately, to have John trust him with such a delicate part of himself… although, admittedly, it doesn’t feel particularly delicate at the moment, hot and hard in Sherlock’s hand, flushed with arousal and, well… really quite big. Sherlock’s breath catches at the thought of having that amazing specimen in his mouth, or even sinking deep inside him, and if he hadn’t just had two fairly spectacular orgasms he’d be well on his way to one just from the thought alone.
John smiles, both at Sherlock’s word choice and at the obvious want written in his face.
On Sherlock’s birthday it seemed that John softened towards him a little, but the effect was short-lived. They still see each other regularly, which is better than nothing, but it’s clear now that John only comes over when it’s his turn for Sherlock-sitting. Sherlock is no longer under 24-hour supervision like he was at the beginning, when could be glad he was allowed to use the loo unaccompanied, but someone still stops by to check on him every day to make sure he’s been a good little boy while left to his own devices. And that’s the only time John shows any interest in him – when he’s
He closes his eyes against the onslaught of images, against the mess of roiling emotions in his belly. Then, driven by some sort of irresistible masochistic curiosity, he walks to Sherlock’s bedroom.
He could feel he was drenched in sweat and there didn’t seem to be enough air to breathe. John had three fingers inside him now, pushing them in and out in measured thrusts, rubbing Sherlock’s prostate every single time. Sherlock was harder than he’d ever been in his life, he was so hard it almost hurt and he could feel himself leaking on the pillow underneath his hips as he rutted against it in an involuntary movement he couldn’t stop. He needed friction, needed relief, needed
For a second, Sherlock feels the usual frustration he feels whenever he understands how obvious his love for John is to everyone around him, before he realises that Patrick and Sam aren’t supposed to know about John’s existence because they’re not supposed to know who Sherlock is. Unless Sherlock slipped again and called out John’s name during orgasm, but even if that had happened, he wouldn’t have called him
Too vague.
“After the second time, I think?” Sam says, looking at Patrick for confirmation.
,” Sherlock points out. Irene ignores him.
“I know, love.” John is painfully hard – somehow, Sherlock lying next to him utterly wrung out from fucking John’s brains out is even more of a turn on than the act itself. He badly needs to get off, but he doesn’t think he’ll have enough strength for it for the next few days.
Except…
The condom almost fell out of John’s hands in his haste to get it open. Sherlock watched as he rolled it on, his heart picking up speed. It was going to be fine. He wouldn’t fail John this time.
“And you deserve that!” Patrick says earnestly. “But you’re not going to find by wasting your time with us, is he, Sam?”
“You’re doing great, Sherlock,” John said, and it suddenly felt like the world around them had come to a standstill. “There’s no rush. All right?”
He felt John freeze beside him, but he couldn’t deduce why. There was only the ringing sense of failure and impending doom filling his brain.
“Now, John, please,” he said, tugging at John’s boxers to pull them down, letting his erection spring free. He tried not to think about how thick it was in relation to how wide he’d stretched himself, tried not to factor in how much his muscles would have contracted in the time that had elapsed. It would be fine. John would fuck him and it would be fine.
says a voice in his head that may or may not sound a little bit like Mary.
“What, about your face?”
Theoretically.
When he doesn’t wake, John covers him with a blanket and lets him sleep. He could certainly use some time to get his thoughts in order.
Florian gets to work and Sherlock watches him in the mirror, deducing what he can. He’s not exactly Sherlock’s type, but he’s good-looking, with regular facial features and the physique of someone who works for it. Short brown hair in an artfully messy do that probably takes ages to achieve, sparkling blue eyes (Sherlock is partial to blue eyes, although Florian’s shade is a bit too light for his taste) and an easy smile. He speaks nearly perfect English with an American accent and has clearly spent several years in California, where he intended to settle down before he had to return to Switzerland to care for a sick relative (probably his mother). He’s not currently in a relationship and isn't interested in one, preferring hook-ups and short-term flings. A small alpine town is probably not particularly suitable for this kind of lifestyle, but Sherlock supposes Meiringen gets enough skiers in the winter and hikers in the summer to provide a frequently changing dating pool. And in between seasons, well, there are always the Haus Talblick residents.
He isn’t sure if that’s what John wants – maybe he has no intention of continuing things. But if he does, then Sherlock needs to be ready.  He spends some time doing research on his laptop, and then sets out to buy the necessary supplies.
. Maybe someone will.
“Comfort’s not really the point,” he says. “The point is, you won’t hurt me.” He lets his voice drop back down to a sultry register as his hands roam over Sherlock’s chest, slipping under his shirt. “The point is I like being stretched and filled and I’m open and ready for you, if you want me.”
Sherlock sits at the kitchen table and thinks about the small plastic sachet of crystalline white powder that he keeps carefully taped to the underside of the outside sill of his bedroom window (very convenient hiding place: none of his “minders” would ever think to check there, and as an added benefit, it means he isn’t actually lying when he says there are no drugs
“Like when you pushed me back to Mary after she shot you.”
The conversation makes less and less sense the longer it goes on. John stares at him with wide eyes, and Sherlock says nothing, suddenly wrong-footed. He hesitates, unsure what to say.
The wave of arousal that had been about to reach its peak only seconds before suddenly drained away, leaving Sherlock breathless as embarrassment flooded him instead. Oh god. What had he been doing? That had been just
