"Hmm, but Dean, I think you should take care of yourself a bit more. I mean Don't put a lot on you that much, just take it easy. I know how hard you working, so just take some time for you too"
"Of course looking at....." Azazel intentionally stopped his answering to look between Dean and Castiel grinning this time.
“Mmm, me too, and this is my turn,” Cas mumbles and kisses Dean’s lips hard and dirty. He licks all the way down to Dean’s hardening cock and he wastes no time and pulled his underwear down as Dean Lifts his hips to help Cas to remove it. Cas throws it away quickly then he glances at his boyfriend’s throbbing cock with lustful eyes.
"Yeah? How would you say that they aren't dating, look at them, they are definitely dating, and looks cute too" Jo injected as Dean barely stopped gritting his teeth. What's wrong with these people?
It was raining outside a few hours ago but now it's not raining that much. Anyhow he drove a bit carefully.
Dean already breaths heavily as he feels himself getting close to the orgasm. But he really want s to be inside his lover so he reaches his hands for Cas and pulls him up. Cas pulls away from Dean’s cock with a wet pop sound.
"Don't be stupid. I'm not planning to do something like a third class thing like that. And yes I was listening to you and I'm sorry about that. But I never expect something like that. I only wanted to know why would you used a fake name, that's it. And obviously, I'm not an asshole, your secret is safe with me" Dean explained and Castiel huffed to that angrily.
"You know I hope you will not say " Will see " When I asked you to marry me in one future day," Dean said very genuine voice after they pulled apart from the kiss.
Cas sighs. Cas loves Dean so much and it's just a scenting, so Cas spreads his legs inviting Dean and giving more room to Dean.
"Ellen, Dean just, he, he then scented Angel omega very secretly and he scent marked him," Sam says closing his eyes.
Both of them went into the shop and the exact same place which they first met. Castiel goes to his knees to propose to Dean but found Dean already on his knees in front of him holding a beautiful white gold ring for him. They both cried and both of them said YES at the same time. They shared rings and kissed with so much love. All of people in the shop Congrats them and even the sales assistance who showed Dean, where the vegan eggnogs were last year, was there and she was got a selfie with them.
"Dean, no, no, no, please baby don't" Cas chant like a mantra when Dean put his hands on Cas's creamy white soft thigs spreading them more, then he leans down and kisses it few times again before sticks his tip of the tongue direct into the juicy slit, making Cas yelp and squirming. Dean moans when the juice covers his tongue completely. Cas tries to cover his dripping wet pussy with his hands but Dean smirks and grabs his hands pinning his wrists down to the bedsheet.
Mary strictly said she is going to give Cas a lift after the game night so Cas finally agree with that.
Cas sure that Dean must be huge, assuming his body. Dean is a well-built man. Definitely, he must go to the gym. His broad shoulders, his firm and big strong arms are the evidence for that. So no wonder about the other parts of his body. That thought made Cas shiver with excitement. Cas slowly insert his middle finger into his entrance without wanting to go searching for some loob right now. He closed his eyes because then he can see Dean's soft smile, his beautiful green eyes change and filled with arousal before Dean's hands spread his plump ass cheeks. Cas's mind forced to think that this is Dean's thick finger is right now pumping in and out of his hole, as Cas slowly moaned, licking his lips unconsciously. With that, suddenly his phone started to ring and he forgot to breathe for a moment. Quickly he cleaned his hand and grabbed his phone.
Castiel, Sam, Dean all of them gasped at the sound but Dean holds his cheek tightly with a shocked face with wide eyes.
"Isn't it what Azazel? you know what? I don't want to listen to your bullshits and just bring it on what you got in your shitty brain of yours" Dean sit up and blast off.
"Um Cas, you know actually there was another part of my gift that I didn't show you that. coz I was afraid that how you reacted to it. Dean said while looking at Castiel over the dinner table.
"So Mary, my apologies for not came back to see you. I really wanted to come, but because of these little things that I had to deal with, I was kinda busy past weeks, that's why I missed it" He said because that's the only way making her think that Castiel never ignores her. Because he didn't want to Mary to think that he didn't care about her. Okay, what are you doing Castiel?
"Um, today is our maths exam and I'm so late, that's why I was in a hurry" Kevin barely mumbled and With that Alastair wink at the gang as he had got this.
"Nothing Gabe, it's nothing, I think I'm feeling a bit tired, maybe I should get an early sleep today," Cas says trying to be casual because he knows how annoying Gabriel can be if he gets any clue that he is hiding something.
"Fuck you Winchester, no more fucking rounds, I'm done and you are so fucking sick bastard" Alastair yelled before Michael say a word as Dean laughed throwing his head back.
"But as I told you that day, the first day we met each other, I was having this. But after I talk with you it's vanished like magic. And when I'm leaving the building that day I was a new man. Since that day because of you and your presence in my life, it's not triggered like it's used to be. You were a real Angel to me Cas, you saved me" Dean murmured looking at Castiel's eyes directly.
"Dean, Speaking of which did you get your dinner? I'm just asking because It's almost 2 am and I can hear your tummy growling" Dean sighed at the question.
" "Cas",  that's the name I used to call you when we used to be best friends," Dean said staring at Castiel's bright blues which was now wetting with tears and that's it. Castiel's grabbed his own neck as he felt someone tighten his neck because he really got hard to breathe properly. And Dean didn't see it coming until now. Dean's mind got another good few seconds to process what's happening as his eyes went wide.
Suddenly Dean let go of Azazel and turned towards the Castiel who tried to talk but words didn't come out because he was horrified and extremely shocked. He just shook his head to both sides as he wants to tell that's not the truth. Dean stopped in front of Castiel without a few easy steps and glaring at him with shaking anger.
"Okay now seriously tell me Cas, what will happen if you accept my gifts for once Cas? It's a gift. You keep those, and how many times do I have to ask you to not call me Mr. Winchester" Dean said stepping close to Castiel.
"You never let me tell or show about myself Cas. There are lots of things you don't know about me though"
No, I'm Dean Winchester, I'm not an asshole like that. Am I now? No, I'm not a fool and I'm gonna fix all of this very soon. Dean finally said to himself before he fell asleep on that cold night.
So like that Dean determined to ignore Castiel as much as he can then Castiel will get the message and he will stay away from him.
"Um, Mr. Winchester why'd you apologize? it's not your fault. I mean I know you brought donuts, but you didn't know she was allergic to peanuts, and basically, you brought those for me, I don't have any allergies to them. So it's not your fault
Then Castiel noticed Dean Winchester storming towards him and he got freeze. Alfie also saw he is coming and he quickly stood in front of Castiel, facing to Dean make sure Castiel is behind him. But Castiel didn't want to hide. He will be weak but not a coward.
"Damn, is that him? Fuck, look at him, I never knew he was looking that good, Woah man, he is really something isn't he?" Adam said looking in Cas's direction in awe. Dean's eyes got big and his jaw set. What the fuck going around him. First, that fucking asshole was all-around Cas, now his own cousin started to drool over him. Great.
Dean was singing along the song played in the setup, when he notices Castiel. He can see Castiel clearly even he was still walking towards him a bit far. Wearing a nerd sweater just the typical Castiel. Matching to his nerd's face. Dean thought.
"God I can't believe I'm gonna do this, alright alright give him to me" Castiel didn't look at Dean but held his hand to get a little puppy from Dean.
"No, Dean you already did it better, no one can do it as you did, your courtship and attempt to wooing me is the next level I got to say. and you don't have to be upset. And believe me Dean it's fine, just ask me?"
"Nah Cas, never. I'm gonna remembered you that every day in our life ahead" Dean said and laughed but this time Castiel also laughed with him.
"Jeez, Cas! Why'd I poison you? God, I'm apologizing here my ass off and you suspect me as I'm trying to poison you?" Dean said it bit loud and confused voice.
"Okay people, as I told you yesterday, today I'm going to assign you that assignment. But this time it's going to happen a bit differently. First of all, after I teamed you, no changes going to happen. This is the final decision which I already made. And these marks will be added to your final marks"
He quickly came out of the locker room as didn't want to hang out with the rest of the ream. He walked towards the parking lot and few girls passed him smiling at him seductively. It's already late evening and he knew what they are asking. But he didn't give much attention to it as he unlocked and opened his car door.
"Dean... Please just calm down okay, I think no one has seen them but I someone have got the number of the vehicle, so probably the police will catch them soon, so you don't worry about it. And also I'm started to feeling well more than before, I think I have a quick recovery power from my guardian angel"
"You know, don't ever think you are a badass, did you hear me Novek, just know that you are only a fucking nerd that's it" He let go the shirt and glare at him. Then step up to join his rest of the team who were cheering as Dean is some kind of hero.
“Um morning, actually I got ten missed calls from this number and you know I just wanted to check, I guess,” he said nervously.
Dean slowly presses forward and Castiel claws at the sheets, shivering and shoves his head back. The burning sweet pain surrounds Cas as the pleasure comes at the same time as Dean presses more and more inch by inch slow and slow giving Cas some time to adjust, not wanting to hurt him. Even though it's not easy to take Dean's huge, flat cock because Cas is a virgin too.
"Fuck that's strangely weird, but the guy's smart mouth is too much," Uriel said and sipped his beer.
"Actually if I didn't know you are in a serious situation, I would have make a joke out of you, but since you are really upset right now my mind really got this word, you know, now I feel kinda weird about this"
"Dean?" Castiel started with a shaky voice. He still didn't lift his eyes from the cute gift box. When he slowly looked at Dean, his eyes were open as wide as his mouth.
"Come Castiel, my clothes will be definitely huge for you but I'm sure I can find some old t-shirt and pants from my brother's wardrobe, come with me," Sam said before took the lead to the upstairs. Castiel nodded at him. but remembered about the pie.
Cas didn't answer or looked at Dean this time. He wanted to yell at him as 'what do you want Winchester' or 'go away Winchester', but actually he can't do that after all right now. Dean kept coming to him and act so normal, be nice to him for some reason. And act like they were never been enemies before. So Cas isn't an evil kid, he just tried to keep himself out of the troubles. That's it. But when someone trying to be nice to you, how could you yelling at them. Nope Cas can't do that, because naturally, he is a very kind kid. So instead of yelling, Cas kept ducking his eyes not wanting to make a conversation.
He hit Castiel's rib cage with range. Castiel didn't have enough power to even scream now. He was like a puddle with blood. He can sure there is blood leaking from his back of the head too. And his whole body was in pain and he felt like he was couldn't take anymore. But Dean was still shouting and hitting his stomach and ribs.
So after all of them forced him to think about it, he promised to give it a try and accept Dean's third gift.
“Oh God Cas, you are so beautiful like this, babe I’m gonna fuck your beautiful mouth hard now” Dean starts to moan shamelessly as he bucks his hips against Cas's mouth, as he starts fucking Cas’s mouth.
"I... I need... I need my headphones" Cas babbled before stand up but then started to run toward Sam's room. Dean didn't know what to do but he can see how weak Cas right now so Dean also ran behind him.
"Ohhh god now I'm so embarrassing. Seems like I brought you some stupid gifts" Cas said closing his face with both hands.
“Oh no, shit” Dean Murmurs, and he quickly move away from Cas. Dean is too sleepy to recognize whether  Cas is asleep or not. But his cock is aching and he needs some relief he slowly sits on the bed, sneaking to the bathroom.
"Oh Dean is never changed then. He always worried about me, we were used to be best friends" He said in a happy voice.
All the bullying team started to laugh and Dean also smirked at Castiel and stop in front of him making sure the space between them only few steps.
"No Winchester that's not gonna happen. And just for the record, we got to know that you have two spies in the team so we threatened them to tell you that practice time changed to today morning, but actually never changed it, so as you see in this case we have much power and you only have to say ok to our little game, only say ok. Then you got two big gifts, 1. you can play the big match and 2. you can get the biggest revenge from your biggest enemy, "As you say saw" Right?" Azazel said the last part with air quotes.
“Because I know what it's like to be upset and not want the people around you to see. Moments like theses are why Anna is my best friend. I’ll be back in a minute,” Cas walked past Dean and back to the door music exploding before being blocked by the heavy doors again.
“‘Member that old, brown, two story on Main?” Dean asked, stretched out on the passenger's seat, his head laid back against the seat.
“Not now, John. It will be discussed but after we get Dean better. There is something you don’t know about Dean. Neither of you do. When Cas presented he came over and well,” She paused looking from John to the table, “Dean allowed Cas to claim him, completely. He told when school started back.”
Cas was kinda taken back by how thin the man holding the baby was. He couldn't see much of the baby, other than a blue blanket.
Cas stopped he knew that voice, it haunted his dreams. God, he wanted to turn around. He needed to turn around. He had watched them every time Gabe came to see them. Dean was doing good and Emmy was getting so big and beautiful. He knew that if he turned around he would run back to Dean. To them. He wasn’t ready for that. Not yet. So he lowered his head, looking at his feet, and walked away.
Cas couldn’t remember the last time he had slept so well. He woke up slowly wrapped tightly in someone’s arms, Dean’s arms, he remembered after a moment. He remembered what happened, disobeying his alpha. No matter how he tried to put it, Dean was his alpha. The claim never went away, even after Dean had released him. He still felt it, a constant pull to be with Dean. Nothing ever made it better. Nothing other than being with Dean and Emmy made it better, they made everything better.
“It must have been nice. I had Anna, but she couldn’t help that much. I was alone in an overly religious family and everyday you and Benny made me ashamed of who I am.” Dean never really knew how much he had hurt the people he bullied in highschool, or how it affected them afterwards. “I made myself whoever I wanted to be to prove to everyone that I could. I’ve sang for the president and the queen of England. I’ve been on six tours, sold over seven million albums and I’ve won twelve awards.”
“Kinda like you didn’t as for that.” Dean pointed to the scar on neck. “Don't apologize for this. It's no more than I deserve. This isn’t even close to what I did to you. I will gladly bear your mark and I will wear it proudly because this,” he gently touched the mark on his neck, “I’ve wanted this for years.”
He pulled into the main parking lot of a large white five story building covered in windows. God he hated hospitals. He found a stop toward the back of the lot and parked. He opened the door and was hit by a gust of cold air. Damn it’s cold, he thought, grabbing his brown leather jacket. He climbed out and headed toward the front of building.
Gracie snuggled into Cas as he walked over to Dean’s bed and sat down on it holding her close. He had been here for a week, and this is the first time he’s been alone with his daughter, their daughter.
“Anything you for Sweetie,” Cas said getting up from the couch, putting a hand over his mouth to stifle a yawn.
“Fuck you, Dean,” Cas growled back at Dean, “Just leave me alone.” He just wanted Dean to go, to leave him alone. It’s times like this when he really hates alphas.
Cas stood back up and washed off his body before stepping out and grabbing a towel. He dried himself off rather well and pulled on his boxers, before heading back to his room.
“Your welcome,” Cas hugged Dean back. It had been so long since he hand someone in his arms that weren't family, well Anna or his older brother, Gabe, were the only family that he had left. The others disowned him when he came out. “High school was a long time ago, we have both grown past that person we were then. It seemed like we both faced some demons tonight, and no one should go through that alone.”
“What,” Cas said his brain seeming to finally understand that he had still not greeted Dean, “no, no, of course not, come on in, please.”
“She’s tired,” Dean said, yawning himself, “She hasn’t been sleeping well.” Dean pulled the diaper bag over to him and pulled out a passi, “Here, this might get her to sleep.” He handed it over and laid his head back against the couch.
Cas had been at the house for a week, one tense, awkward week. Sam was the only one who seemed to enjoy Cas being there. With Sam it was much like old times, Sam and Cas would sit on the couch playing video games and talking about their studies for hours.
Dean kept his composure until he was safe in his room. Gracie was asleep in her bed, so he flopped down on his bed, thankful for the wall that kept his tears safe from anyone to see. Later he called Benny and they talked for hours, Dean fell asleep listening to the alpha talk.
Dean stepped forward, “Maybe you shouldn’t have tried to pimp out your son to begin with, you asshole.” Dean smiled as Michael frowned.
Dean lifted his head and looked at Cas, how could he offer not to see them anymore, Dean could understand his reasoning but Dean knew that choosing that option would be long and painful for all three of them. “We can’t do that,” Dean said a small smile dancing on his lips, “the other two ideas are a good place to start.”
Dean looked down at his stomach. He’d never been one big on self image but the baby had done a number to his body. He had lost a large amount of weight and still looked unusually thin, “I’ll have the loaded bacon cheese with extra fries.” He flashed the omega his best smile and handed her the menu before looking back at Sam. He was trying not to pay Cas any attention but it was hard when every few minutes the alpha’s laughter echoed through the space.
Dean almost threw up. How could they think he would not want this baby. His miracle, “She’s mine,” he mumbled, placing a hand on his stomach. She, well it, was a gift, his gift. “Why wouldn’t I want to keep the baby.”
He sat down on the couch and laid his head back against the back, enjoying the silence for a little while until a low broken moan echoed from upstairs. He growled and placed a hand over his mouth and nose, Cas’s heat was beginning to overrun every smell in the house. He could feel his alpha pushing to surface. He was keeping it pushed down all he could, minus a few small growls and his eyes glowing. He was winning until he heard the omega, his omega, just upstairs, let out a low whiney moan and whimper out,  “Dean.” Dean was up the stairs and on the outside of Cas’s door before he even knew he had moved.
Dean usually tried not to think about it, but it was amazing how far he had fallen since high school, or maybe he hadn't fallen, maybe he had shed everything that wasn't important and grown up.
“You're not going back to his house are you?” Dean seemed upset, and Cas couldn’t really understand why.
She shook her head slowly, “Someone I didn’t know. It’s complicated. I was about ten when I was on a yacht with a family my father worked with at the time. It was captured by pirates, they ramshacked everything. I hid, while they tied up the family that I was with. I was terrified and then I heard someone walking toward me. I can remember the sound of his boots hitting the boat’s floor, I thought he was coming to kill me or to take me out with the others, but he didn't he handed me a life jacket and snuck me off the boat. The heat from the when the boat exploded burned my face. There was a small boat closer to shore that called in the explosion. It felt like I was in the water for hours and I think I was before the Coast Guard pulled me out.”
Dean could see the moment it registered in Gracie’s face what she was seeing. She cooed and started reaching for her Papa. John reached over for her slowly, and Dean meet him halfway, placing her gently in his arms.
Lunch was here and Dean was excited and nervous. He knew Cas loved kids but naturally it wasn’t something that they had ever talked about. He wasn’t sure how Cas was going to take the news. They were gonna be parents and Dean really didn’t want to do this alone.
Cas chuckled into to phone, “Calm down, the brown house on the corner of Main and East Park. But, you don’t have to rush over, I am ok.” He expressed each syllable hoping that she would get the point.
Sam was at the house in fifteen minutes barging in the door, without even knocking, “Are you fucking insane, Dean. You can’t be around him like this. The only reason you didn’t die after the bond was broken was because of Emmy. Your alpha isn't mourning him anymore, Dean, don't do this to yourself. You're not sick anymore. It took you years to be here. Don't give all that work up.” Sam sounded like he was begging, “I almost lost you, Dean, Emmy almost lost you.”
Dean walked back inside and into the kitchen. He grabbed two forks and went back to his bedroom, still armed with pie.
Cas slipped both hands under Dean's shirt and raised it over his head. Dean followed Cas's action with his own shirt. Cas placed his hand on the back of Dean's neck and pulled him in for another passionate kiss, their hands exploring each other's body.
Dean looked up at Cas as he walked into the room his soft lips smiling slightly up at Cas. He ended the call, stood up and walked over to Cas, “Thanks,” he said taking the clothes that Cas handed to him.
“I’m not asking you to forgive me but I won't leave you with nothing. Standing up to me in the hospital showed me how great of an alpha you are going to be, hell that you already are. I know I had nothing to do with that. I'm sorry for what I did to you, for everything I put you through.”
“Thank you Uncle Gabe,” She kissed his cheek, wiggled out of his grip, and ran off the porch ripping the paper off her sucker.
He decides to check the two messages from ‘Drea the first was asking if he wanted to hang out tomorrow and the next she says nevermind Ellen called her in so maybe later. He sent her a smiley emoji and said later. He leans over to the dark mahogany wood bedside table where his phone charger plugged up. After slipping the plug in, he took the towel off,  laid down and pulled the dark green blanket up around him. He ran his hands through his hair, feeling that it was still a little damp.  He still dropped his head on to the pillow, still smiling about today, thinking about his baby girl, his sweet Grace. They would be a family, no matter what Cas had to do to make it happen.
Cas’ shower was quick and efficient. No more than fifteen minutes later, Cas came back into the room. A fluffy white towel wrapped securely around his waist. His dark hair was still damp, some strands plastered to his head and others standing up at odd angles. Beads of water rolled from the strands at the nape of his neck down his back collecting with the drops rolling off his shoulders and running down to the towel. Dean watched it all with rapt attention.
“Course it does,” Cas said stepping toward Dean, “I wanted to keep you safe from my family. That day, the day I sent you away at school, Crowley had just beat the shit out of me, a few days before, and I knew I deserved it but the night before that day, Michael wanted me to prove I could be an alpha of his standing. He took me to the pier and opened the truck. Crowley was tied up in it.” Cas walked over to the steps and sat down, “Wanna know what he wanted me to do?”
Dean spent the first two months settling in. He would spend time wandering around the house and the yard. He would take drinks to the boys in the garage. He was sad a lot but tired to keep busy, parts of Bobby's house almost sparkled, he had cleaned so much.
Sam sat beside her, his face just a little swollen. His blue chair reclined out, eyes closed, face turned up toward the ceiling. Maybe he was asleep. Other than some ugly bruising in his face and his left wrist was wrapped in an ace bandage.
Cas came back in with two plates and two cokes. He handed one of each to Dean and sat down in the middle of the couch in front of the coffee table. They divided the bites and both took a slice of their own pizza.
“Hey Gabe,” Dean said turning back to the grill, cleaning the grill with a wire brush. “How you been?”
“Cas,” Dean said his voice shifting into a lustful low growl, “Cas,” Dean took a deep breath, “mmm. Why do you smell like a bitch in heat?”
Cas didn’t say anything for a moment just sat there and embraced Dean willing being so close to him.  “Who’s that?” Dean asked.
Cas snuck over the side wall, where Michael’s security was the weakest, the trees were the thickest here and he could sneak into his room from here, avoiding Michael completely until he was able to take a shower. Stepping out of the shower, he wrapped a soft white towel around him. He hated washing their scent of him. He hadn’t truly realised how much he missed the family. His family. He had a baby. She was beautiful, absolutely beautiful. He could still see those big blue eyes staring at him.
“Cuttin through to D-wing, it's cold out there and warm in here,” he chuckled as more students began to file in.
He wanted Dean to love him. He always had. Those six words made him happy, but it also made his chest hurt and his heart pound. Cas couldn’t just forget about what happened. He started breathing heavily, unable to catch his breath. The blankets on made him too hot and the arms holding him close made him itch. He had to get out, to move from the bed. He felt like he was drowning.
She headed to the kitchen to fix a her a bottle when she heard John’s voice whispering in the kitchen. she stopped on the stairs and listen. “-Told you I’m done. My family. My life’s here, Kate, I’m sorry but this isn’t new. Nothing's gonna change my mind. I love my Omega.” He stopped talking for a moment and Mary saw his shadow shift across the wall, “I’m sorry, Katie, nothing changes. Don’t call again.” Mary heard the flip of John’s ancient phone, he refused to get any new phone. She waited another moment before heading down the stairs with Gracie.
Cas brought the pizza into the living room and sat the boxes on the table, “I’m gonna go get a coke, you want one?”
“Pizza’s good with me, but you know me just whatever you want I can find something,” Dean looked back at Cas smiling as Cas gave him a weird look.
“I would have been there for you.” He lightly squeezed the omega’s hand, “We could have done this together. I’m sorry, so sorry.” Dean leaned over and place a soft kiss on the back of his hand. Sighing, he relaxed back in the chair. he thought about letting go of Cas’s hand but decided, perhaps unwisely, not to. he soon dozed back off, allowing the sweet smell of fresh apple pie surround him.
Cas was standing in the doorway to Gracie's room just looking at it, picturing the future he hoped would happen in this house, with the people he loved, when the doorbell rang. He closed the door and walked toward the front of the house.
Dean was a mess, a writhing mess of broken sobs and moans, as Cas pulled his fingers out. He knew where Dean keep his lube and Dean seemed to know just what he was thinking as he reached into the table beside his bed and tossed a half full bottle of lube at Cas. Cas paused a moment after popping the top, “Are you sure?” he asked the dark blond below him.
Dean tried to wake up more but he was so tired, just so tired. Sam was still standing close to Dean, he could smell the aroma of the pizza and wanted to eat it so badly. He forced himself to unravel from the blankets and sit up, still half asleep and groggy but the pizza smelled good. So he took the pizza off the plate and started eating it. It was so good, great even, for about four bites. The nausea feeling hit again and before he could put the pizza back on the plate, it had tripled. He tried to get out from under the covers and off the bed, he really did, but trying to move so fast made it all worse and he leaned off the bed enough, so that he managed to throw up on the floor and Sam a little.
Dean crawled over Cas and started kissing at his neck the worked his way down to the newly naked chest. He knew every spot to lick and suck at on his way down to the waist of Cas’s dark blue jeans, that sat perfectly on his slender hips. God, he was perfect. Dean slowly made his way down, kissing just inside the V that lined his hips, on both sides. He slowly popped the button and carefully pulled down the zipper, before slipping Cas’s snug pants down his hips and off his legs. He kissed his way back up Cas’s legs and swiftly pulled off his boxers.
Dean had a lot of low points in his short almost 19 years but that day, his actions, was by far the worst thing he had ever done. He hated himself for it and he knew Cas hated him. He knew that Cas wouldn’t want to see him but he is Cas’s alpha, so this is his responsibility.
“Hey Cas,” Dean said softly as they walked through the kitchen. Cas stopped and turned to look at him, “Thank you. You didn’t have to do any of this, but you did. You could have left me crying on those steps, and I’m not sure why you didn’t, but thank you.” Dean stepped forward, invaded Cas’s space and wrapped his arms around the slightly smaller man. “Thank you,” he whispered.
“I met Luke in highschool, he had already presented as an omega and was never ashamed of what he was. He flaunted it. And he had me wrapped around his finger the moment he spoke to me. I never brought him around your grandfather. His saying was “male Omegas breed male Omegas and our line has no male omegas.” I knew it would be a complete shit storm if he found out about Luke.”
He didn't understand why this was happening to him again, it had been years since his suppressants had failed, since that day. He had been on them for years. They were the best on the market. They weren't supposed to fail. He felt his body temp rise as his boxer briefs became damp. He felt the need grow as he heard a low growl outside the door.
Cas wasn’t sure things would ever be okay, but he did know that he loved Dean and Emmy. He wanted them to be a family. He wanted to wake up to Dean making pancakes and Emmy watching cartoons on a Saturday morning. He wanted to fall asleep in the strong arms that held him through his last heat and not think that these are the same strong arms that held him down that day. He wanted to be free of that day.
Dean walked over to the changing table and began to change her. “What do you mean for me?” he asked as he changed Gracie.  He picked her up as he finished and redressed her. “Do you want to hold her?” Dean asked.
Dean nodded and looked down to where Gracie had wrapped her hand around Cas’ finger. Nothing was said until a surgeon walked by and into the room. They both followed him into the room and waited to see what would be said about John.
Dean felt Cas’ lips in his hair, as Cas kissed the top of his head. He didn't want to break whatever little spell was over them but Dean knew that he had to talk to Cas. “We need to talk,” he said; it was barely a whisper but he knew that Cas had heard him.
Michael sighed but said nothing as he moved away from the door. He walked over to the steps and sat on the top one. Michael looked back at Cas and patted the spot beside him.
The piano finished out softly and Dean felt unreasonably sad. He had no right to be sad because of a song he shouldn’t have heard in the first place was over. He sniffed quietly, before standing up.
Hey everyone! So back with a new chapter. And alot of comments have been about the major douchebaggery of Cas, well think of him how he was when he wanted to open purgegotory and steal all the souls and when he was "God". He was bad and hurt people but he believed what he was doing was for the best. that's kinda how this Cas is. He has his reasons, you just don't know them yet. But you will, maybe soon, maybe not. we'll see. Thanks everyone for the comments and kudos, they make my day.
It was then that Naomi spoke up and said, “You can each miss one night after that twenty dollars will be taken from your allowance.”
Dean watched as Cas got out, walked around the car, opened his door and helped him out, “I’m not completely helpless,” Dean grumbled but still accepted the outstretched hand. He walked up the door, “You’re coming in to wait on her, right?”
Cas stood up and left the room for a moment before coming back with two glasses of tea. He sat them down on the coffee table and moved around the table and sat down in the floor with Gracie. “She’s beautiful,” he said pressing one of the buttons on a toy making it light up and sing.
here was a knock on his bedroom door, waking Dean from his slumber. “Dad brought pizza,” he heard Sammy say from the other side of the door. Dean didn’t want to move. He was warm, blankets wrapped tight around him, but he knew if he didn’t his dad would be up here. Dean reached over to find Cas, only to be greeted with an empty, cold bed. Of course Cas was gone. Why would he stay? He was now a fully fledge Alpha. Dean sighed and climbed off the bed. Wincing as he moved, fuck he was sore. He slowly pulled on a pair of old sweats and made his way, painfully, downstairs.
“Whatever, Joanna,” he shrugged, ‘Drea sliding off his lap, standing up and leaving. once he was away from the dinner and could see Sam and Dean still in front of him, he picked up his pace just a bit, enough to catch up with the two. “Hey Sam, can I talk to Dean?” he asked the smaller of the two.
Dean sank into a seat as the man began to sing, “The fire used to burn, all the words used to hurt. But you're not like us, you are different. I couldn't see that that was a compliment. Cause the last thing I want now is to be you. And the flames don't feel as hot as they use to.”
Hey guys. so just wanted to thank everyone for still being here. This is sorta just a filler and a little bit of John being an ass. hope yall like it. if yall want to find out whats wrong with Dean give me some comments. I thrive on them and yall might get another chapter sooner. loves yall.
"No," Cas said trying to keep his voice from breaking, "I want this. I want you. Please. Dean." Cas relaxes and Dean eases the digit out and back in a few times. Smiling as he hears Cas's moans for more. Pressure turning into pleasure, Cas adjusts to the sensation from the second digit being inserted fairly quickly. He starts rocking against Dean in anticipation. "oh, God" Cas cries out as Dean’s expert finger brush over his sweet spot. Dean slips in a third finger and strokes the spot again causing Cas to moan loudly.
She seemed to forget about the other question,”Yeah, yeah, put it on Uncle Sammy.” Emmy jumped out of Dean's lap and grabbed his hand pulling him up with her, “Daddy let's sit closer to Cassie so Uncle Sammy can sit on the couch too.”
“You hurt Cas, Dean, bad enough to leave him almost always scared. He jumps at the slightest touch. He spends all day locked in his room, if he isn’t in class. The smell of an alpha makes him cry. You damaged him. If you make him go back, he will resent you. He will hate everything: you, himself, and eventually the baby. Your child will grow up wondering what she did wrong. Why Cas doesn’t love her. One day you will break him beyond repair.”
“It's a debit card there is a five thousand dollar limit on it each month. That should be enough to find you a place to live, if you want, and get you and the baby, or Dean, anything y'all need, but please stay in school. You're so close to graduating.”
“Well Mr. Winchester, now that we have that sorted. Your Omega is in St. Jude's hospital in Delcan, Maine. He is unresponsive since the emergancy C-section. We have done all we can without your permission for both him and the child. You need to come here. They both need their alpha.”
" He pulled open the large heavy wood door and walked inside. He stood at the threshold for a moment before heading to the stairs that led to the west wing. His wing. He made it up the first flight of stairs before he was shoved into the wall by a rough hand, “You smell like a Winchester, boy,” his father growled.
Dean almost went into labor three more times before he hit the 37 week. Each time worse than the time before. At 37 weeks and three days, something happened. Dean woke screaming in pain, blood covering his thighs, the bed sheets and covers were soaked. Benny had been staying in Dean’s bed since the the first time Dean had went into labor.
He stood up and tugged on Dean's hands until he stood up too. Cas stepped close to Dean. He laid Dean's hands around his waist before pulling himself up to lay his head on Dean's shoulder. He wrapped his arms around Dean's waist and breathed in his scent.
“Michael isn’t someone to mess with, and you know how scared I was of him. He knew that I would fit into his mold if he threatened you. He knew that you were my weakness. You still are. He can not know about Grace.”
“Dean,” Mary called to him, “He isn’t hurting her, give them so time together. Or,” Mary said stirring what was inside a pot, “go join them. You can’t punish him forever, Sweetheart.”
Dean spent the rest of the night hitting on girls and trying to get laid. There was one, Suzy, who was rather interested in Dean and as Dean put it she had pretty red headed friend that thought that Cas was sexy. So the four of them headed out to the impala, Dean and Suzy leading the way followed by Cas holding on the bear and the friend, Tammy or at least that what Cas thought Suzy said her name was. Dean had parked in the back of the parking area almost hidden from view by some trees. When they got to the car Dean and Suzy climbed into the back seat not  wasting anytime. Dean had his hands up her shirt and Suzy had her mouth attached to Dean's neck before Cas and Tammy even opened their door.
Mary stood up and walked over to Michael, “John has just woken up and what's happened with Dean is nothing to you, whether Cas is the alpha or not. As for Cas’ arrangement,” She held up her hands and put quotes around arrangement, “Dean’s right. You simply pimped that boy out to the family you thought worthy of a Di’Angalo. You would rather have him be completely unhappy with some rich omega than for him to be happy with people who love him. How can you be so selfish.”
“It was hard for me to see just how much like my old man I was, until I was sitting in your room knowing that you wouldn't be coming back.”
So sorry about the wait guys. I have been stuck on this chapter and it's not finished but I felt like this was a good place to end it at so y'all didn't have to wait any longer. Thanks to everyone who has commented on or kudos this loves y'all.
He knew what he had to do, not because he wanted to but because he had to. He eased his arm out from under Cas's head, placed a kiss on his prefect forehead and got off the bed. He grabbed his clothes off the floor and slipped them back on.
So I know that his chapter is super short but I wanted to give y'all a little something for Thanksgiving. Hope y'all had a safe and fun holiday. Happy Thanksgiving folks.
“Oh, baby,” Mary sighed pulling Dean into a tight embrace, “I understand a little better now, you feel abandoned. Your alpha disappeared. But why did you let him claim you? Was it a full claiming?” She asked shyly. Dean pulled out of his mother’s grip and placed his head in his hands, slowly he nodded. “Well,” Mary said placing a hand on Dean’s shaking knee, “I love you baby and I get that yall are too young to truly understand the consequences of this but you’ve still got to face the world no one but me you and cas know. Not a lot’s gonna change.  Get dressed, so we can leave.”
Sure enough, when he opened the front door, Mary was standing on the porch, and she was smirking. “You know she’s asleep don’t you,” Dean laughed as he pulled his mom into a hug.
“I’m sorry, baby girl,” John said weakly, his voice raw and crackly from underuse. “How are the boys?” he looked over at Dean and Sam. They looked ok and he was hopeful that they were.
They talked about nothing for a few minutes until their waitress, the same Cas had been flirting with minutes ago, came over to them, “Hey guys, what can I get you?”
“I know,” Dean said, “Gabe would tell me honestly how you were. I know it wasn’t easy for you, then he told me you started asking about us and I told him to lie, to tell you we were ok, that you needed to worry about you and that I would try to be ok. You were already so messed up because of me and I was damned if I was gonna add anything else to it.”
“Hello Sam,” Cas said in a small, meek, little voice. He knew that Sam didn't like him, maybe that's why he was hiding. Sam had always been nice before but when he and Dean were speaking before Cas could just tell that the Alpha held a lot of resentment for him. He could understand why to, if Dean had been sick because Cas had asked him to release him, to break their bond. It was Cas’s fault that Sam had almost lost his brother. Cas could understand that, but Cas needed to do what he had done.
With a fresh diaper on, he carried the baby down stairs to the kitchen to fix her a bottle. It was amazing at how easily this had became his life, bottles and diapers at three in the morning. He squirted just a dab on his hand to make sure it wasn’t to hot before popping it in the baby’s mouth. She sucked greedily at the nipple before falling back asleep, still latched onto the bottle.
“Sorry,” he mumbled to Tammy before practically pushing her off him, “I’m just gonna walk home,” he said climbing out of the car and grabbing the bear, before walking off. Cas thought a lot during the hour it took him to walk home from the fair and at the end of the night the only thing he has figured out for sure is that the bear’s name is Zepp.
John needed his rest. She needed to be rested for him. How important it was for her to take care of herself while they take care of him.
Cas was Dean’s step brother. They were six months apart, Cas being older. Dean’s dad married Cas’s mom when they were seven. They were super close when they were younger, but then something happened. They grew apart. Now the only thing they share is a room and every once in a blue moon a joint, but that wasn’t very often.
Dean spent most of the next two weeks in bed pretending to be sick. His shoulder was completely healed and unfortunately the only reminder of what he and Cas had done. He did manage to pull himself out of his room for Christmas and New Years pretending to be ok. He hadn’t heard from Cas since he left the house that day. Needless to say that Dean was heartbroken. Cas had left him, he knew that it would happen he just didn’t think it would be so permanent and done so quickly.
“I never said I don't want you here,” Dean muttered so low that Cas wasn't sure he had said anything at all.
Emmy’s eyes popped open as the door clicks shut, she looks up at Dean, “Daddy,” she sheepishly mumbles, “can Cassie hold me more?” Dean looks over at Cas who’s looking at Dean with hopeful eyes, like he could tell Cas no.
Most of the brief conversation was muffled but Cas heard his name. “I want to see Castiel,” the voice said louder.
A few minutes later Andrea walked over to the table and Dean felt Benny shift beside him, something changed in him. Dean had known Benny for almost a year now and not once had he truly seen his alpha surface until now. His nostrils flared enough to know that he like what he smelled a lot. He was blinking trying to control the shift in his eyes.
Cas opened the door listening to it creak softly as he pushed it open, “Would you like to come in for a moment?” Cas asked trying to keep his voice even.
John let Dean get out of the woods and back on the main road before he said anything, “So when I was in the cabin earlier I was thinking maybe we could come out here more, fix up the cabin, maybe spend some more time out here. Today was nice and I think your mama would like it out here. Build a swing set for Gracie and maybe a sandbox, make it fun out here.”
“Yes ma’am,” he mumbled, starting to move off his bed. Mary got up to and walked out of the room. “Mom,” he called as she got to the door, “I didn’t want to lose him. I knew I had to but I wanted to have a piece of him, I guess. Didn’t think he’d drop me just like that though, after you know.”
John smiled, almost laughing at his son, “Sammy boy, why don’t you go get Dean a pillow off the couch. Lord knows we can’t have him whimpering around here forever.” Dean almost rolled his eyes at his dad but kept himself in check, besides he was too sad, hurt, maybe a tad bit afraid, just everything, to be getting into with the old man for disrespect.
“It's not what you're thinking,” Cas said placing his hand in Dean’s that were folded on the table. “Did you notice how much your scent shifted?”
“‘Drea,” he called, trying to get the group’s attention off Dean. He smiled his almost happy smiled as she turned and walked toward him. He knew what the guys expected from him and what would be reported back to Michael. Cas and ‘Drea had talked about this, he would feel on her some she would look uncomfortable and eventually someone would complain to Ellen about and Jo would kick him out. Win win.
Gracie let her head lay on the stuff animal for moment before she would pick it back up. She did this a few times, each time longer than the time before. “She’s sleepy again. How long has it been since she woke up?”
Emmy drifted back off to sleep before the nurse made it in the room to get her. It took the nurse about twenty minutes to come in and get Emmy. Emmy smiled when she saw Tessa again and laughed when Tessa rolled in a wheelchair, “You get to ride this time, Sweetness,” Emmy smiled as Dean helped her into the chair, “we’ll be back in a while,” Tessa called rolling Emmy out of the room.
So I just want to add that this is AU and it might, well it probably will be, different then most A/B/O you might read. I really hope yall like it and if you do let me know. I love getting emails about the story. Thanks to those who have shown love.
“Something Michael set up, I don’t know the whole story.” She looked down to see the color drain from Dean’s face. “You didn’t know,” she stated looking back over at the alpha, who was looking at them now. She had a lot of looks on Cas’s face recently but not that one. She had seen it before when he would look over the table at Dean before he became an alpha, but to see that look from across a room. To see the longing on a teenage face like that hurt her. “I’ll tell him to leave,” she said about to turn to walk over there.
Jo, Ellen and Bobby had arrived and were sitting at the table with Mary and Lisa. He heard Ben giggling from the living room with Gabe and Sam. Dean smiled, this was his family, most of his family. It was days like this when he really missed Cas. He wished he was standing here, in their kitchen, celebrating their daughter’s birthday.
Cas whimpered and opened the front door before hurrying through it, he expected Dean to follow and jumped in surprise when the door slammed shut behind him. “Lock the door, Cas,” he heard Dean growl through the door, still channeling his alpha. Cas did as Dean said and slid down the door after it clicked.
“Sleeping Beauty,” Dean mumbled, feeling a thick film of yuckiness over his tongue, “How long have I been out?” he asked Benny without looking from his family still adoring the baby he was dying to hold.
"Dean… Dea... oh… Fuck… God… Dean… Jesus… Dean… I'm about to…" He moaned as he shot his load over Dean's hand and his own chest. Dean felt Cas tighten around him as he came.
Cas yawned and made himself get out of bed, he had school today and it was time for him to get up and get ready. It didn't take him long, it never does, but he wanted to check on Gracie and Dean. He knew that Dean had been up with her at least twice during the night, but refused Cas’ help, telling him to go back to be so that he would be rested for class, Cas didn't like it but he listened.
Dean was feeling alittle better so he climbed out of Sam’s bed. He wanted to go downstairs and get some cold water maybe a little more soup. That medicine, that his Mom brought up from Bobby, helped so much. He made it the middle of the stairs when he heard Bobby talking. He sank down to the step. He knew what the test was of course, he just handed to Bobby before the answer was ready. He didn’t think that it would be positive. That he was pregnant. He placed a hand on his stomach. A baby. His and Cas’s baby. Dean listened as Bobby explained how it was possible, and then how it was Dean’s choice. He could be with his Alpha.
Cas smiled as he felt Dean’s arms tighten around his waist. He leaned back against Dean, who was spooned up right behind him. A soft press of lips landed in his hair, “I love you, Cas,” was barely whispered in the in the same place. Cas said nothing just sighed slightly. Then he remember, “I bit you,” he whimpered, “Oh my god, I bit you.”
Dean chuckled from the bed watching Cas cross the room to the door. He was almost certain that Cas hadn't realised that he wasn't wearing any clothes.
Gracie opened her eyes back up and Dean laid her over his shoulder and batted her back to burp her. Her blues landed on Cas.
Dean tensed at the intrusion and grabbed a handful of the soft black sheet that lay below him. “Fuck,” Dean moaned as Cas began to pump the finger in his ass. Before long Dean was pushing back against Cas begging for more, Cas pushed in another slick finger. Dean only tensed for a moment before Cas hit something deep in causing him to almost scream in pleasure. Cas just smiled, “Feels good don’t it, love?” Cas added a third finger, stretching Dean wide.
Cas was sitting on the couch. He looked uncomfortable and out of place. His back was straight and his hand folded tightly in his hands. He looked like a statue on the dark burgundy couch.
“Yes sir.” Castiel knew that Michael having this information would be bad for Crowley but lying to his father was never a good thing.
“No, Cas, I don’t think I will.” He took another deep breath still scenting Cas. “You smell so good Cas. mmmm,” he moaned, “I can take good care of you Cas. I can be the only Alpha you’ll ever want.”
Mary stepped in between the two alphas and Sam followed her. Mary’s face was smudged with mascara from crying, her eyes were bloodshot. She was wearing John’s favorite shirt, her blonde hair was still pulled into a messy ponytail. “You will not do this, not today,” she was furious at the two alphas in her son’s room, “John is in a coma in the hospital, you will not start shit today, not in my house. Benny, stow your shit or get out. Castiel, it is late you need to leave and if Dean wants to see you he will message you. Dean, give me Grace, I’ll go feed her. You try to go to bed. Sam, go get in bed, you need rest.”
“Calling your mother,” Crowley said finding the right number and pressing send. He waited for the Mary to answer the phone, placing a friendly hand on Dean’s knee, trying to comfort his friend.
“I'm glad you awake, Mr. Novak,” Tessa said, “if the alpha that brought you in hadn’t acted so quickly it could have been fatal for both you and the baby.” Dean was seeing red another alpha had his hands on what was Dean’s.
Great, Dean scolded himself. He should have known that things would be back to being stressed between them as soon as Cas was in his right mind again.
He tried not to think about that day when he thought of Dean because Dean was so much more than an uncontrollable teen alpha. Dean was his first real friend. Dean knew all the quirkiness that was Cas and still wanted to be his friend. Dean knew that he could play football with the best of them but would rather spend the day curled up in a comfy chair reading his favorite book. Dean knew that Cas was weird by alpha standards and Dean never called him out on it. Dean knew it all and would still let Cas sit beside him, sometimes a little too close, and never say a thing.
"Cas is gone. He left with Dean this morning. I don't think he'll be back this time, baby. That boy is just gonna hurt him. It's only a matter of time before he hurts Cas and leaves him alone. He didn't take his phone. We have no way to find him." She said with tears rolling down her cheeks.
Dean was in a state of bliss, best sex they have had. He was completely satisfied. Cas was being all sweet and loving. Cas was still locked inside of him and still laying on top of him smothering him with small kisses. Dean smiled and pushed slightly on Cas’s shoulder, “roll over, we can lay on our sides until you go down.” Cas smiled and did as Dean suggested. The movement pulled a little but Cas didn’t mind he wrapped both arms around Dean and held him close to his chest.
“No sir,” Cas began, “I’m sorry, Crowley surprised me and bashed my head against the sink before I could do much…”
So guys, just want to say thanks for the comments. They make my day every time I get one or six. So thanks all of you. This is for yall! Enjoy!
Cas stood hidden in the shadows listening to the two brothers talk. He hadn’t known that Dean had been sick. He’d ask Gabe every time he came back from seeing the alpha and their daughter but Gabe always told him that they were both fine. Listening to Sam talk, Cas could almost hear the hatred that the younger alpha had for him. Cas quickly walked back toward Emmy’s door as Dean began walking toward the hallway. He didn't want Dean to think he had been eavesdropping, even though he had.
“Alright, well, I got some pills down stairs that’ll help with that, I’ll bring it up in a few minutes. Try to go back to sleep.”
Dean wanted to cry but the whole time he was scowling at his own palms which were on his lap as both Dean and Sam were sitting and hiding upstairs.
Oh! It's his today's gift. Oh no. Dean had brought more gifts. This is his fault. He shouldn't have told Dean that he was got upset the last day, because Dean didn't show up on that day. So now it's haunting in Cas's mind every time Dean sacrificed his work like today and bring him those gifts.
Dean winked at him and eagerly opened the wrapping paper without tearing it. Castiel of course had neatly wrapped it. Yeah, classic Cas. Castiel carefully noted Dean even didn't tear it. And after unwrapping he even bothered to quickly fold it and put it aside from him like he is gonna take it with him. Wow, unbelievable who thought this mighty, strong, handsome as hell, flirty Automobile engineer can be sappy like that.
"Um, guys? I don't know you guys hear that or not, but a few moments ago a nurse came and said that your brother has changed to the room and we can see him now" Sam said and both Dean and Castiel snapping out of their staring contest. Castiel looked away blushing like hell and Dean cleared his throat looking at his brother to see Sam's shit-eating grin.
"You are crazy red, nothing is going on, I just thinking about you know nothing special, just chill man" Dean shoved Charlie away hoping she will drop it.
Dean can feel pleasure built inside him and his orgasm rising again within seconds. He starts to slam into Cas's pussy like insane.
Dean goes circling his tongue and licks and licks around Castiel's clit without stopping. He slides his tongue into Cas's slit as deep as he can and fuck it with his tongue. Cas moans in high pitch and presses Dean's head more into his pussy. Dean moans to the delicious taste of his lover and starts to suck Cas's dark pink pussy lips. He sucks them into his mouth before tugging a little bit.
"What? Take it, man?" Dean said chuckling a bit. And then Dean rolled his eyes like he remembered something.
Dean apologized and Castiel couldn't believe his ears. What's happening?. Is Dean going to murder me?.
Castiel shivered with Dean's sudden answer and he put another step backward and his back hit with the counter as Dean slowly put both hands on the counter from both sides of Castiel, cornering him. Castiel gasped when he knew he was stuck there.
"Wow, still one-word answers huh?" Dean chuckled come a bit closer to Cas. At the time there weren't many people at the bus stop.
Woah, how much alive in that voice when Cas talks to his mom like Cas really loves to talk to her. Not only Mom but also with Sam. But when Cas had to release a one-word out for Dean, he acting like that's the most disgusting job in the world. Dean sighed. No wonder about that though. Cas got reasons and all those reasons made by Dean. So Dean deserved it. And hell, he is literally planning to fulfill his bet over Cas. So there's no need for more examples. But actually, was Dean really going on with his bet? Or he is losing control of his deepest desires over Cas. Isn't he slowly breaking his deepest forbids, the deepest secret that he buried deep inside his heart, longtime ago? Dean comes out from his thoughts when Mary's voice came in.
"Cas? Please tell me that you are okay?" Dean said so softly like he is talking to a baby. He must be unconscious. For a second, Dean got distracted by Cas's innocent unconscious face. It's so beautiful, and it's also pale at the moment. But still beautiful. So peaceful and so soft. His cheeks look like a girl's cheek. and his pinkish, kissable lips, goddamn it. dean wanted to touch that soft-looking plump lips. And his eyelashes were amazing. And his sharp jawbone is so hot and unbelievably addictive. And Dean dying to nibble on it. Dean wanted to touch that soft face, but he barely stopped his thoughts and finally, Dean tried to take Cas to the bed without letting him go away from the hug as Cas is still tightly pressed into him. If he, comfortably laying on the bed, it would help Cas to breathe steadier.
"What the fuck was that, are you fucking lost your mind Charles, I'm not gay. pray to god for being my best friend, otherwise, I would punch you right now" Dean yelled and Charlie snored.
The weekend flew very fast as on Monday morning Castiel got ready for college. He was so fresh, very enthusiastic this morning. Actually, his feelings were fresh. Since after Mary and Sam left that day he felt like he is covered with hugs. Even he made foods for him after a long time. And today morning he also had leftovers from last night, the mac and cheese were yummy. And this morning he prepared some peanuts and jelly sandwich for his lunch and packed them.
"Go away bitch" Dean shrugged his hand and glanced over Castiel. Castiel can swear he saw a line of blush over his cheeks. Is Dean Winchester getting blush now? Hell, what's going on with my life lately.
Cas finally looked at Dean. Oh god, not again. Not right now. The last thing Cas wanted is to show his other weakness for them. But why it's always happened when he is with Dean.
Dean just stared at him like he can't believe what Cas said. But after few seconds he nodded slowly. Then ducked his head.
"Actually I have heard about you a lot, but never knew you are this much fun" Castiel grinned at him.
Shit, is he talking with me while having a bath. Fuck is that means he is completely naked and wet right now, holy Mother of God, this boy is killing me right now. Dean thought trying to not give his attention to the sudden tightness of his jeans. He struggled on his bed a bit to find a comfortable position instead of that.
"Please Mary can I say the reason I hide myself first? Then I can go home peacefully, I can't eat now, I just want to go home" With that, All of the three Winchesters looked at him.
Dean saw Cas was gone in his side-eye as he sighed. And when he looked at Lisa she was closing her eyes and waiting for the kiss as Dean felt pity for her. But actually, he didn't want to kiss her right now. So quickly he pressed a gentle kiss on her cheeks as Lisa opened her eyes and gave him a death glare.
Cas knew what Sam saying right now is true. And he was so badly stinky right now. So he needed to get a shower. Definitely need. So he signed and let the young man drag him to the Dean's room.
"Dean, no. I told you to NO, when you asked in the first time, and you know what happens in the family right now, and I don't want to make more drama, so no one is going to call him, that's it" Mary's voice was like a final decision.
"Jeez man, thank you. You know Cas, you and your brother are completely different. I only had to bring him a few donuts and candy then he approved me, wow. But you.... On the other hand, hell, it took months to even be a friend of yours" Dean complained opening his own breakfast bag, and this time Castiel chuckled.
It has been almost two days since they have had sex because Cas is so busy with his job. Today is the third day when he got an emergency call demanding to come to the office as soon as possible. And of course, without even not any Advance notice about it.
What? Did he really text that he missed me too? Woah. Dean forgot that he was in a middle of an important business meeting as he grinned at the phone like an idiot as Charlie nudged at him causing him to make his face to a business mood again.
After the class, Alfie mentioned that he is going to collect Meg from her class and they are going to work on their projects again and asked Cas to join with them. But Cas said he also has some studies to complete as he walked down to their personal hanging out space edge of the college playground. The tree Cas always loved to sit and do his studies.
"Anna... God she is still not getting rid of her habits, I wonder how you guys even being cousin-best friends" Cas rolls his eyes this time.
Dean pretended like he is honored and he bowed to people around him. He smirked getting his guitar in his hand and glanced up at Castiel who's still on the balcony.
The door suddenly opened up as Dean quickly step back. Very frustrated and blushed looking Cas came out of his room. His eyes aimed to floor completely not wanting to meet Dean's eyes.
Castiel had to use lot more words to convince Gabriel to stop storming home that night. Then after renewing their promises, to tell everything to each other Gabriel satisfied and ended the call promising call him next morning.
"Of course Mr. Winchester, I would be here. coz she is my friend, my co-worker, and I should be thanking YOU for doing all of this. Thinking with the brain at the moment, taking her to the hospital, calling the ambulance, waiting here with me, everything, so Thank You" Castiel gave him a beautiful smile and said.
Exams are coming soon, but Castiel didn't want to prepare all over again for that. Because in his life, he didn't have anything special to do other than studies. So he already ready for any tests. But as usual, he went to the library to rewalk through the lessons when it comes to the lunch break.
"Anna, I don't have a boyfriend because I don't want one if I want anyone I will find one, and about Mr. Winchester, he is my friend and we even didn't date for once, so how would you say that he left me?" Castiel burst out and Anna stared at him with wide eyes.
"Sam, in here" He didn't say "we are here" because it's too much for right now, he wished Dean will leave the room before Sam and Gabriel comes. But he didn't leave.
"Actually, um I don't know how to ask this or what to ask Charlie," Dean said before running his hands through his hair. It's Saturday morning and he was still on his yesterday clothes. He was a mess.
Both of them saw that was Dean's Daddy Mr, John Winchester and he was gritting his teeth gritting and glaring at both startled kids.
“Yeah, I also noticed dude you even didn’t participate to show that Novak boy his limit, what? are you being a pussy after all?” Azazel laughed loudly.
Dean gulped. Fucking great. He wanted to give something special to his crush here, and make him surprise. but he ended up making Castiel cry and upset. Way to go Dean way to go. now Castiel will hate me forever.
"Cas, what are you doing? It's me, Dean, I thought you recognized me" Dean says like he is got betrayed by Cas. Like he gets hurt.
"Yeah, but it's mostly you asked me to not bring those, and I rejected your request" Dean smirked stopping in front of Cas.
"Actually more than thanks, I mean it's kind of a big deal you know. Never knew it was you. And.. Um, I can understand now why you pretend like another person and stuff. So it's.. It's kinda I don't know.. I mean thank you, thank you so much man" Dean was babbling for the first time in front of Castiel. And Castiel wasn't ready for something like that. He kept looking at Dean dumbly.
"What? No Mom, I just, you know, I just tried to tell how cool last night was, that's all, jeez" Dean said stuffing the left sandwich piece into his mouth.
"Dean please leave me, why do you hate me this much, what I have done to you, Dean. Please let me go" Castiel cried and he was so weak. Dean only heard those words as he felt huge pain inside his heart. His eyes went wide as suddenly he realized what was he doing. He wanted to hit himself and also kill these assholes. Dean just stayed few seconds lifting Cas shaking with anger like that and then he let go of Cas as he dropped to the floor and then Dean stormed towards the school building without even looking at the students who were gathered around them for watch the fight.
“Mmmmm babe, that's hella blow job, what a skilled and filthy mouth.” Dean teases when they part away for the air.
"Oh Mary, I'm so sorry, I wish you were there, that night. I missed you, Mary. but Sam told me where you were. So I didn't want to bother you. But I'm sorry. Can I do anything to make it up to you Mary? Please tell me?"
"You mean Castiel? Well, you are the one who meets him every day at the college. But maybe you have never asked how's he doing because you must be busy with bullies him" Sam's voice raised and obviously he got angry because he remembered what Dean was used to be to Castiel.
“Cas, Look I’m not a psycho, okay? I can’t go to a psychiatrist, never. You know what, iI think maybe it’s just happened because of my stress at Work, and you know actually I’m totally fed up with the office, the new Management is too tight Cas, it sucks. It’s full of tension and pressure. I think my everyday anxiety has crossed the line, that’s what I’m thinking. And that douchebag Balthazar knows nothing Cas, he always trying to get to you, so… ” Dean keeps talking but Cas cut him off.
Cas felt a kind of strange feeling. Dean is really acting weird. There is something wrong with him but seems like this new Dean is kinda harmless and a bit soft too. But Cas never trusted him. Cas has gone through lots of consequences because of trusting people, so he was done with trusting again, specifically Dean freaking Winchester here.
"They hide all of the ancient books and documents, written about true mates and soul mates" Gabriel whispers as Castiel's eyes widen with surprise.
"Ellen I couldn't, any one of us couldn't. Dean's Alpha acted very possessively and threatened and snared to back off immediately. Even he has almost killed Alastair for mentioning to put Angel omega in the dungeon"
Castiel tried his best to hide from Dean. And of course, for his wonder, the other bullies seem like forget about him too. Now, isn't it a strange thing? Wasn't that meaning there is a big, ugly prank is going on with all of them, against Castiel. He wasn't an idiot. hell, the boy must be one of the most intelligent kid in the college. So he knew something was going around him and he knew it was Dean. So Castiel did his best to ignore and resist Dean for the health of his pathetic life.
Dean walked toward him and placed a bright blue and shiny round ornament next to Castiel's one, glancing at him.
Finally, they all agreed to Dean's suggestion and after few hours the meeting ended for tonight as everyone hurriedly walked out of the conference room.
"Why not Winchester? everyone knows that you would like that very much, and yes you can even imagine that I never exist. Whatever it is you only have to act like you can't see me anymore and you can't hear me. That's it. And just like that, you can make it up to me. and that's the only way you can do that. So please Winchester I beg you just leave me alone. I'm really done with all your bullshits" Cas said and pushed past by Dean.
"Uh uh baby, baby don't stop,,, feels soo good my love... Aahhhhh ahhhh babyyy mmmmhhhhh" Cas's moans getting higher as Dean knows he is so close.
"Woah, Woah, hey, hey, Cas, it's okay, it's okay, just calm down. It's fine, nothing is wrong okay, just calm down" Dean quickly said in a very calming voice grabbing Cas's naked shoulders. But quickly removed his hands understanding that he is still wet and naked.
"Cas, my love you taste very amazing and I can't resist anymore. I'm gonna taste you from the source, I'm sorry baby"
"Dean please wakeup. Are you alright?" Castiel pleaded and Dean slowly opened his eyes. He is like forget about everything for a minute as he just stared at Castiel with wide eyes. Then his fingers clutched into his own chest and tried to inhale very difficult way.
Cas chuckles and caresses Dean’s face. “What? Do you ask me now? Don’t you remember what were you up to?”Cas palms Dean’s crotch and slowly massages it as immediately Dean moans to Cas’s lips again.
"Mom I was going to tell you but I forget. I was watching a movie yesterday night" Dean said with puppy eyes.
Cas sighed. It's true. He also wished if Dean not going that business trip and come on Monday to see him. He can be upset about that later but now he has to say goodbye to Dean as he smiled softly hugging the honey bottle to his chest.
Azazel was secretly looking at Dean's face. every time when they engage with anything around Castiel, Azazel never forgot to check and catch Dean's difference and facial expressions. He was an asshole and he wanted to ruin Dean's reputation as he suspected about him in the very beginning.
"I'm done with all of your bullshit. I'm out and you fuckers be ready for the consequences" Dean gritted his teeth. But before he leaves Alastair stopped him.
"You fuckers, you think you did a great job? Huh? You know what Michael, you can't get decisions on your own. I will take care of this and you all gonna be face to the consequences"
"Hey, it's okay. It's okay. I'm not angry. You can use my bathroom, it was just an accident, and take it easy. I'm not angry Cas, just being curious. And wondered about what's this secret connection between you and my room these days" Dean said softly as Cas opened his mouth again to say there's is no such thing like that. But Dean started to laugh.
"Oh really? And hey.. Cas was never being your's mister, okay?" Castiel said giving him a pointed look.
"He also says he has to tell me something. But he said he will tell it later. He acted so strange and weird way after that. But he was happy, and he was in a very good mood for the entire day after that. But something was changed. Then after that night suddenly he starts to seem sick. His face was pale, but not this much" He says showing Dean's very pale face now.
"Are you even real?" Cas put a step closer and acting like he is trying to touch something invisible over Dean. Dean shyly laughed at his attempt.
But before Castiel tells Alfie to move away Dean stopped in front of Alfie with a death stare on his tipsy face.
"Cas your lips are so so much pink color, just like my mommy's lips when she colors it when we go out, sometimes my daddy kisses her lips, so can I kiss you on your pinky and pinky lot pinky lips because they are so beautiful"
A few minutes later Dean heard Sam saying goodbye to Cas and then the sound of his Mom's car. Dean sighed and walked into his bathroom to get a long shower because he really wanted to calm his heart and his mind which was fired by Cas.
That's what Dean wanted to know as he signed. Great, that means Cas and Mom will be gone by the time when he reaches home.
In the first few periods, Castiel attended to the classes with Meg and Alfie as they will not join with Castiel for the lunch. Because both of them had to finish some project for another class which Castiel not having today. So after the bell rang for lunch break Castiel say his bye to his friends and walked towards their usual place to have his lunch peacefully.
"Cas, Cas Castiel it's okay it's okay just breath, breath with me," Dean said and started to breathe in a rhythm as showing it to Castiel. Castiel tried to breathe properly, as Dean heard some noises coming toward them and he turned to check what was it. Holy shit there are a bunch of students coming towards them laughing and screaming at each other. Thank God they still didn't see Dean or Cas.
"Okay but it's still not fair. I wish if I find him to teach him a lesson" Mary babbling with anger.
"Honey bee, I'm so, so, so sorry, but this is a real emergency. You know if I wouldn't go there and wouldn't fix things, there will be a huge amount of job losses of innocent employees, we don't need that right?" Castiel says taking his towel. Dean just rolled his eyes.
An hour ago, Castiel and Dean were life long enemies, hell, still they are, but here they are now, Dean is moaning like crazy over his pie, and eating it like he got a gold mine.
"It was allergic, sometimes allergies hit the patient heart and that's very dangerous. She was in that situation. But nothing to worry about now, We already gave her injection and antibody treatments and now she is 100%fine, you can see her after she wake-up"
"What the fuck you doing here Novak and how the hell you command me to get out of my own fucking room" Dean groaned and stepped forward to Castiel's personal space.
"Cas, Cas look at me, here, look at my eyes, let's try again, okay?, just, just look at my eyes for one seconds, you will understand then, maybe something is wrong earlier. Let's try again, just please look at my eyes, just once" Dean pleads when tears flow through his cheeks.
Dean knew it's so cheesy but, he wanted to let Cas know that how much Cas precious to him. He kept texting Cas because he wanted to feel better.
"So now everything is clear and I want you kids to eat soon as possible, especially you Castiel, no arguments" Mary warned glaring at Castiel jokingly.
Castile burst out as soon as he saw Dean with the puppy. His eyes went wide but it's shining with excitement as he kept looking at the puppy.
"So, because of that, seems like I'm gonna miss seeing you for Monday and probably Tuesday too, so can I stand for that now, nope I can't, then I thought come and see you today instead of Monday, and also wanted to tell you why'd I not showing up on Monday, I don't want you to be upset over anything," Dean said ducking his head but still Cas can understand the emotion in his voice. Cas wanted to jump on him and hug him so tightly. He wanted to kiss him so badly, above all he felt he wants to cry because no one has ever been so thoughtful of him.
Dean wanted to calm himself right now. Because the only thing his mind yelling at him right now is going back to his room and kiss the hell out Cas. But why the fuck he wants to do that? It was just a bet, a bet which he should sleep with Cas, only one time. Then all of these shits are finish. But of course, he really doesn't want to hurt Cas ever again. Because Dean isn't hated Cas anymore, after getting to know how he saved his Mom. So after the bet Dean can apologize to Cas and make it up to him. And then he can go back to his old life, dating pretty and hot girls, get laid as he was used to before, making out with any girl who really hitting on him at parties. So everything would be normal. But then again why is his mind telling him to stare at this gay kid? staring at his lips? Why he always find Cas so pretty and gorgeous more than any girl he date. Fuck, I'm not gay. Dean slowly murdered resting his head on the closed door.
"Owwkayyyyy... So now Mr. Novak I have been asking three questions from you, but you didn't give me any answer for them, how about you answer me right now, right here?" Dean said quickly changing the subject and mood not wanting to see Castiel in wet eyes. So Castiel laughed softly at him
"Cas are you okay?, Dean, what did you do now? I swear to god if you have pulled any prank on him.." Sam tried to warn Dean but Castiel cut off him.
"Dean, please, please don't do this. You are hurting me. Please try to remember Dean. this is not you, please come back don't do this. Dean, please let me go"
"Don't be stupid Sam, I don't have a girlfriend, you know that" Dean said chuckling a bit nervously, looking at Cas with the corner of his eyes and Cas also turned to see Dean's face as soon as those words let out of Dean's mouth.
"Cas, just scent me, please, just scent me from my scent glad, this must be some kind of mistake. Because I thought you were just angry with me earlier. But I can't believe you don't feel it, feel US, the bond we share, feel about us, please scent me Cas, just once? Then you will understand that I'm your Alpha, that we are true mates"
"Did you really telling me about you now?" Castiel gave him an adoring smile looking down a bit a shy way.
"And he was fucking gorgeous and I couldn't help myself but wanted to flirt with him, it made him angrier, and then, then" Dean burst out laughing. and Sam chuckled with him a bit.
"Oh, c'mon man don't be like that. We just wanted to know about the progress? How's your pretty little angel boy? Did you find a way to slide into him yet?" Alastair asked and other assholes immediately laughed out loud.
Cas was awake but he pretends as sleeping because his mind is still not recovering from the last night. he needs time. So Cas also sighs and closes his eyes.
But Dean can't do this. He can't let anyone see that he cared for the biggest nerd in the college. And helping a gay boy with his panic attack? No. Absolutely no. He can't do that. Hell, he got a reputation to save. With that thought, Dean looked at Cas who was struggled with breathing and turning purple obviously. And the next second Dean stood up on his heels and ran. He ran fast as he can toward the college building.
"I don't know man, I don't have anything to talk about, I mean everything is fine" Dean shrugged and lied.
Azazel laughed Dean's back and slowly walked towards Castiel who was laying on the floor sobbing quietly.
"Your highness, the bath is ready" One female omega comes and announces bowing her head as Cas smiles at her.
"Great, and don't bother to bring anything okay? I just want you to come, that's all son, oh and it would be good if you can come after college, so we have more time together" Mary admitted.
"Hey and you know Azazel here think that you are a pretty boy, and I wanted to check is he correct, so let me see you clearly, will you boy?"
"Oh no, no, no I'm not gonna crash into your celebration, and Gabriel, you are not going to stuck with me here and you definitely should go to Sam's place. Please, please please Gabriel I beg you. I really need to be alone. Christmas or not it's not important to me, it's just another day to me. I just need to sleep you know. I'm tired after all" Castiel hissed annoyingly.
"Nope, and now hurry up and give your mentioned puppy stuff and go home safely, and All the very best for tomorrow Dean.
C'mon Alastair, you look like you gonna cry anytime soon, can't you run faster than that" Dean laughed out running very fast and passing Alastair. And of course, Alastair was gritting his teeth and cursing under his breath, seems like hundredths of time right now.
Dean asks with heavy breathing as he leans down and captures his ever Loving Boyfriend’s lips. The kiss goes slowly but deeply. After minutes Cas pulls out for reply Dean.
"Okay sweetheart thanks" He murmurs as starts kissing Cas's neck. Then slowly Dean's hand grabs Cas's ass and squeezes it as Cas gasps.
"In the orphanage, there was a male matron, and he kinda horrible person. One day he tried to touch me the ways I don't want him to touch me" Castiel tightened Mary's hand and took a huge breath.
"Dean.. What are you..." Cas starts his eyes wide but fills with want and need. Need of Dean. And the same time there is a fear also coming from those innocent eyes.
So he was too into the studies yesterday night and then he was cold out without even knowing. That's the reason he missed the set alarm and a bit later today morning. However, he knew he got enough time but he speeded the pace because he wanted to meet his friends before the exams start.
"Don't be an idiot Gabe, now meet this little baby here Miracle, Miracle meet my weird older brother Gabriel" Castiel pretended like he is introducing them.
Dean didn't say a word as he was staring at the love of his life. His beautiful Castiel. His crush repeatedly rejected him but offered his friendship.
"Dean" He whispers back. And then he wipes his eye to see clearly as he can see that man also wiping his face copying Cas.
Dean keeps saying with an apologizing tone. then Cas turns to face Dean and glares at him. Dean stops talking as he gulps. he is scared that Cas will upset again. But after seconds Cas starts to laugh at him. Making Dean confusing. Dean can’t understand what is happening as he stares at his laughing boyfriend.
Dean sent it and took a deep breath. He didn't want Cas to think like, he is overstepping or pushing him. But right now Dean really wanted some connection with Cas. It's really hard to do anything other than thinking about Cas. Dean didn't know what to do else. But making his anxiety worse, any reply didn't come from Cas. Minutes passed, and still meeting is going on. All the directors were arguing and presenting their files and documents, but Dean couldn't even listen to one word they saying.
"You slut, I will show you how to satisfy a hungry bitch hole like yours. You fucked with another man behind me, aren't you? Because you wanted more cocks and not enough a one cock for that hungry hole. So Come, I will give you a real medicine for your slutty hole, you fucking bitch"  Dean yells at him and turns him around within a second.
"your highness, it's not a poisoned weapon. I ran few tests. Thank goodness my prince has not poisoned" Ellen says as three sighs of relief she hears through the chambers.
But he tries the first basic protection moves as he starts to kick the man's face and ribs but making Cas more shocked, the man starts to whispers to his ears.
And he was a bit busy with glancing over Castiel's lips, eyes, and his body, he can't take his eyes off Castiel because god damn, the kid is wearing his clothes and he is cute and sexy as hell in those.
Castiel smiled at him and looked at Mary with a more relaxing smile on his face for the first time after they came here.
Cas keeps cries and sobs. He is sitting on the floor, laying his back on the door for a long time and still he can't hear anything from the other side of the door. Every inch of Cas's heart is hurts, aches. But he has to go through this whatever happens to them right now. He has no idea how he should help Dean but the only thing he understands is Dean should go to that psychiatrist as soon as possible.
Castiel got few seconds to understand that Dean is talking to pies and he couldn't stop his laugh. And Dean also laughed with him.
"Aunt Ellen, it starts with when we got secret information saying, the youngest Angel Alpha son of the King of Angeles, will pass our borders that morning. I and Benny were in one camp and Dean came with Charlie to meet us. Then we surrounded the carriage because they were on our lands without informed and we saw it as a threat, but we did not wish any harm until we get to know why were they came. But it turned out he was not an Alpha, he was an Omega Angel price" Sam says and at that moment both Charlie and Benny join them in the healing chambers.
Kevin was a freshman. he got tutorial lessons from Castiel for a few months and Kevin started to hanging out with Castiel's small friends group Meg and Alfie for a while ago. Kevin and Castiel are always aimed by the bullies and Meg was the only one who tried to go against them. No one never tried to bully her but she can't protect her friends always because they all not shared most classes like Castiel and the football team did. So Castiel had to face the bullies by his own.
Dean's Pb & J sandwich. Castiel staring at it with a glare. He doesn't know Dean triggered him by aware or not but whatever it is, he left him as always he does. He always makes him hurt and runs away from it, letting Cas suffering from that. That's what he does. Castiel felt huge anger and disappointment. He should not even talk with him. He is so stupid.
They ended the dinner and Mary stood up to bring the dessert. Sam offered her help and walked with her.
So Azazel waited until he got a chance as all of them ended their lunches and left the cafeteria. He just walked with the gang towards the next class but after a few minutes said some excuse to slip from the gang and slowly came back to the cafeteria looking for Castiel. But Castiel was also ending his lunch and was going to stand up when Azazel suddenly burst into his table, making Castiel startled.
Dean fell into a cafeteria seat. What the fuck happened there, he thought running his fingers through his sweaty damp hair. Fuck! He was in one second behind from caught up with Castiel back there. Phshhuu... He sighed as smirking at the cafeteria table like he did something big.
"Then I had to happen heard that some nasty people in your office were rude to you since the morning and I decided to show them how precious you are to me," Dean said smiling at Castiel widely.
Castiel nodded sadly. Dean had already told them about their past. His friends must be know the whole story. so it's not a problem then, he felt relief and there is nothing to worried.
"I never forget this Sweetheart, never" Dean mumbled softly. Castiel felt a warmth in his heart. And wait when did Castiel sit so close to Dean like this, he was almost on Dean's lap, that much closer. Castiel ignored it before answer Dean.
"I remember the day they announced that 'true mate' word as a forbidden and then vanished it from the kingdom by threatening the people. I triggered that memory when Michael threatened me"
"Yes Mr. Winchester, I'm afraid to tell you that Castiel was gone back home because he got a phone call saying that there is an emergency, so he went home in the morning," She said in a worried voice.
"Thank god finally you got the hint, I thought you will never understand" He giggled at his own joke.
Dean was in his bed groaning himself, unable to believe what had happened to him this evening. His whole life changed in one single evening.
"Another rough day babe, it's sucks and assholes wanted to call a meeting at the last minute, then I had to wait another extra two hours for that fucking meeting," Dean says in a very tired voice.
"oh my god, Cassie, whoever the guy is totally in love with you" Gabriel gasped loudly before he said that. Castiel was all red when he ended the note.
"Oh, c'mon big bro. It's not like I'm an enemy of the kingdom. Relax, I just came here to find some erotic romance novel" Gabriel says and pretends he is finding a book. But Michael growls lightly before grabbing him and drag him out of the forbidden area.
"What? no I mean, Mom, he just said that he can go home along, so just let him go as he wants, I mean he is not a kid" Dean shrugged.
Dean's eyes went huge when Cas said so and when  he try to get rid of him. He thrust again as the last trust.
Castiel went to his room and when Dean entered inside Castiel slowly release his hand and close the door.
"You were almost fell back Cas, I just tried to hold you and save you, jeez Cas," Dean said almost laughing. Castiel knew that wasn't a lie but he really didn't want his help though. He set his jaw glaring at him and then Castiel turned on his heels and walked away from Dean as much as fast he Can. Castiel didn't want any more discussion with him. He came back to his table where he was sitting back and started his studies without the book he was searching for. His heart still beating heavily. His whole face turned red with embarrassment.
Alastair grinned and came to Dean and patted on his shoulder, Winchester, Winchester hell is our home and besides you know if I give a word I never change it, Michael here will take care of your match definitely. The team leader is got the power you already know that" He said.
"So that's it, nothing to say more Dean, you mentioned before that I hide about my job, so now you know what is it," Castiel said.
I wish if I could write what I want to say to you at the end of this note. But I'm not gonna make you frighten, so I will not write it here. And besides, I wanna say it to you looking at your beautiful blue eyes. And I want to see you getting blush and to see your beautiful face tinted with my second favorite color red (it's become my second favorite color after I met you) when I saying it to you. And my first favorite color is.. I'm not gonna say it. But I will give you a hint. the color always remember me of the very special person in my life, who's "Eyes like the Sky". Got it? Lol.
"Oh no, no it's fine, it's fine Gabriel, please don't worry about that. And how you feel right now?" Dean asked quickly afraid that Gabriel will move his hand again.
Anyhow Not gonna accept the lost tho, smells like war is gonna win too😊❤❤ Cas is definitely gonna come back in last two episodes.will wait and watch 💙💚💚💙
Dean moans before leaning in and kissing Cas's soft pink lips hungrily. Fingers still teasing Cas's hole, as Dean's hard cock hanging inside his pants angrily for the lateness. All it wants is to come out and disappear in the Omega's hole.
Dean.. Dean Winchester's mouth hang opened and he was stared at Castiel without breathing, then slowly jumped out where he seated.
Dean was getting out from his class arguing with Azazel threatening to him about something he said back, but Azazel and others looks like chilling. Castiel didn't see them because he was in another world with his mind full of thoughts. Dean and the gang were in serious argument and as Castiel's bad time both Dean and Castiel bumped into each other without seeing and with a gasp Castiel fall into his back and Dean cursed in a pissed voice.
Cas said softly. Every time his heart races speeding when Dean calls him sweetheart or baby. It's now become a normal thing, since the day Cas stopped saying Dean that Don't call him by those Nicknames. He knew Dean will never stop it even he said to stop it. And Cas kinda like a lot that nicks. He felt kinda he is being loved. So why not? He is already got used to it. So it's felt nice. Cas smiled brightly before started to complete his now very cold bath.
Dean touched his cheek after getting into his car. What a lucky cheek. He thought bringing his fingers into his nose and closed his eyes as he tries to catch Castiel's smell. And then brought those fingers to his own lips to kiss it. Dean smiled at his own girly work.
"No Kevin, they choose you because they know you are one of my friends, and actually I don't know why me, I never did anything to them" Castiel answered and tried to not think about it further.
And that the moment Mary and Sam ran there at the same time. Their eyes went high as soon as they saw the way poor Cas laying on the floor, covering with gravy.
"Cas, hey, Cas?" Dean called out for him,  voice low. But didn't come any response from Cas. But then he noticed Cas was plugged his earphones. So Dean speeded his foot and put a hand on Cas's shoulder. Of course in a very friendly way.
Soon after he parked the baby in the hospital car park he walked to the room where Castiel's brother was because he knew where Castiel was as his texts to Sam. When Dean walked there the first thing he saw is crying Castiel in front of the room. Dean walked quickly and Castiel turned his head as he heard the footsteps. Castiel's face was dark and when Dean got closer to him, Dean saw Castiel's eyes and pupils were red with crying obviously. And tears raced down his cheeks. The moment Castiel saw Dean he stood up and walked toward Dean, it's mostly a little run. And Dean was confused as he wasn't sure Castiel came to shout at him for coming here because of yesterday's incident.
"Dean... Stop it. Ok, fine you can do it, but you have only 15 minutes" Cas demanding and goes to the bathroom.
"No wonder you were so little then, so this word, 'true mates' was in that book. I remember it because you were used to chanting it always. And you believed about 'true mates' that time. just like you said minutes ago. When you said you don't believe it but suitable for young pups" Gabriel reveal.
"Well, well, well look what we got here our beloved fag, heyyy how you feeling this morning, seems like you can't even stay a few hours without seeing or having a piece of him now huh?" Azazel asked pointing at Dean.
“Oh you are killing me Cas, did I mention to you today that how much sexy you are?” Dean asks in a lustful voice and moves his mouth to Cas’s neck and starts to press light kisses there.
"Cas, you just came for me, I can't believe it baby" Dean mumbled softly. His eyes were very lifeless even he tried to smile, the normal beautiful green was shading from them and instead, they were a bit redded. Maybe it's because of the panic he is going through right now.
Sam would do anything to save his brother. Even if he had to break one promise, which he gave to that said brother. So be it. Before he starts, he orders the guard to summon captain Charlie and Captain Benny, to collect more information.
"Castiel, I mean Cas? You. Oh god" Dean couldn't stop the stupid grin coming from him and he put one steps towards Castiel ending the space between them and hugged him.
"So Castiel you are a so good person it's very nice to talk with you man, I have to go now but I promise you will meet you very very soon again," He said kept grinning at him.
"Yeah, of course. But you know, I'm a bit upset with one thing" Mary said again and Cas can hear Sam yelling, Moooommm, chuckling.
After few moments a freshly brewed coffee filled the house and Cas really hope if he was in his home. Then he would have a hot coffee right now. He signed looking at the movie again.
Dean was with his gang, laughing at something Michael said, they were in the corridor of the building near their morning class when Castiel came to his locker. Azazel was the first one who saw him as his face covered with an evil grin.
"Wait, is that means you know that reason? Did Cas told you about that?" He asked looking at Sam and then looked at Cas, with a hurtful face. Cas gulped, he opened his mouth to say "no" but Sam beat him to it.
"Actually I really wanted to see my little brother this morning, was having a hard time and wanted to talk with someone, but I knew my stupid brother not coming to office this early but it's near to come here rather than going to his house, so I came here even if I have to wait here for him," Dean said his face still covering with that sad facial expressions.
"Yeah, she is a badass you don't worry about anything right now, okay? Meg also reassured Castiel nodding at Charlie.
"Yeah, that's the same thing that I said to her Dean" And she only gave me the exact same glare" Sam complained.
Yes, Dean Winchester the most popular and handsome boy of the whole college when it comes to their Freshmen year, but suddenly after two months of the college, he and his family had to fly to New York because of his father's family business. At that time he was so popular and also in the football team, and was famous for bulling, and had a name as a lady's man. But he had never hit or never do physical damage to any students when he bulling students. but he had a reputation to make students so embarrassing. Besides bulling he had reputation for fights. However, the whole college knew him as a dangerous person to play with. and the few people who close with him had a special place in the college.
"I didn't want to make you upset Cas. I'm sorry. And I'm sorry I couldn't make it today. Hopefully, I will see you tomorrow"
"Yeah, it's me and.. Um.. Hope I didn't wake you up?" It's a question more than a statement. And what the hell happened to his voice. It's almost not like Dean's voice.
"Cassie, what's the matter, you are very silent since the morning and ignore everyone, and I also heard Michael complaining that you were absent from the training session today, are you feeling alright?" Gabriel ask as he throw his arms around Castiel’s neck, sitting beside him.
"God Dean ahhhhh ahhhhhh Deaaaannnn" Cas cries out and Dean moans into the river of fresh juice coming from Cas's pussy licking and drinks every drop of his slick. Cas still gasps moaning Dean's name when Dean licks and cleans all over Cas's hole with long flat licks. Dean keeps grinds onto the mattress to get friction to his angry hard throbbing cock while Cas whines with the aftershock pleasure.
"Deaaannn, nooo, you know we can't, this is a very dangerous game Dean, you can't even request something like that, it's forbidden"
He just laid on his couch soon as he got home.there is few hours until he had to leave the house otherwise it would be early to go to Mary's place. He was so excited and nervous in same time so he couldn't do anything right now. Then he got an idea. Actually, this is the first time he going there it would be nice if he can bring something with him. What would be good for taking for a dinner over? Castiel didn't have lots of money for a fancy big present. And he doesn't have to impress anyone he just wants to make Mary happy and to be polite. Besides Mary never gonna accept any expensive gift if he even tries to bring them with him. So he started to pace back and forth in his room thinking more.
"Yes Dean, I slapped you because you are the boy who wet Castiel on the way, and I saw you were going to force him to give your clothes back"
"Oh god Dean, I'm so sorry. Shit. Dean tell me what's going on? Should I call someone maybe Sam, I know you are having that sickness okay, I'm so sorry I should have understood earlier"
Dean didn't know what is called 'weak' before, because he was always the strongest one. The strongest Demon in his kingdom. But right now he is melting like butter and he can't even guess what's happening to him. Everything is getting blur around him. His body feels heavier than before causing his feet can no longer lift him. His voice not coming out like it's stuck inside his throat. Making it worse his breath starts to hitching and he understands something is wrong with him.
"Hey, Dean you okay? Why the sour face Brother?" Benny asked as soon as he saw Dean came to them. Dean just shrugged as the answer before fell into the seat next to Charlie.
Dean's eyes widened and his beautiful smile vanished. First, a shock and then a sadness clouded his features
“Babe, you know whatever happened, I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. Okay? So, you have to listen to me, we should go to the doctor. Okay? Just right now” Cas caresses Dean’s hair and press another kiss on Dean’s temple.
But fortunately Cas able to get into the room before Dean attacks him again as Cas close the door with a loud thud and lock it quickly. And for more protection, he drags a chair nearby and stuck it with the door lock. Cas's belly cramps as he is sick with fear right now.
Suddenly Cas startles back with a loud banging on the door next second as Dean starts to screams and insults so badly demanding to open the door. Cas cries loudly and he slowly sits on the floor when the pain remembers him that this is not a nightmare.
"so how do you guys know each other? I mean I know about that as Dean also telling with us about that, but you know, just curious to know from you too" Azazel flashed his best smile on Castiel.
"What about me?" Dean asked like he is ready to punch his face if he ever mentions anything about Castiel.
"But I really like it if you wear that when you come with me for a date one day" Dean snort and Castiel burst out laughing.
"C'mon, tell me? Is he the one who you choose?" Dean questioned. Now Cas had no idea why Dean asking like this suddenly. And he was pretty sure he is trying to make him trouble or maybe he will make fun of him.
"What? You are leaving now? Cas, it's almost 3 am, I mean I have a big guest room, you can stay, I don't want you to leave right now at this time, besides you are already in your pajamas Cas. please stay" Dean said sad way.
"Really? Well, let's give that chance to Dean. He will decide that whether accept nerd's apologies or he wants to teach a lesson to the nerd to stay away from him" Alastair said pushing Castiel towards Dean.
"And the best part is, how you only get blush that time instead of fighting him the moment he slapped your ass. And I can remember what happened to the last person who tried to touch you without your permission, so I wonder what's going on your head about this mystery prince charming of yours" Gabriel says very seriously this time.
"Oh, you will understand the relationship between pie and our family soon Sweetie. And we will talk about everything after making sure you are not cold, now first fresh clothes. And thank you so much for this and so nice of you to bring this with you"
"that's a good thing Cas. I'm sure he will be fine. And how Dean connected to that?" Sam asked in a curious voice.
But now he can't do that anymore as he has to take care of Gabriel too. So he got up on the bed and yanked before he started his Saturday, but of course not early as weekdays but a bit later.
With that start Dean's face darken and fell within seconds and his eyes narrowed. Then Castiel continued chuckling at him.
"You know you are the first human who did something to encourage me toward my old, buried passion besides my brother. And Dean I want you to know that I'm so thankful for that. You are a very nice person too Dean, Thank you, Thank you very much for everything" Castiel said and Dean can see his eyes were wet again.
So quickly he adds third and fourth fingers because he always knew three fingers didn’t enough for Cas to take his thick, hard, and monster cock.
"Cassie no jokes. I have never seen you distracting like that, what's happened? Are you okay?" Michael asks when Cas get on his foot and wiping the dirt off his clothes.
“I guess that means its bedtime then?” Dean pouts his mouth and asks while leans to Cas's face from behind.
Dean really can't stop looking at Cas right now. It's started to rain heavily outside. His heart feels it's filled with warm feeling even he didn't know why is that happening to him. He was staring at Cas for a few minutes now and the way he was sipping his coffee is so sexy. Dean licked his lips few times and he understood that he was leaning into Cas a bit. What is he doing? But before he leans back, suddenly Cas turned his head towards Dean and their eyes met very closely. Dean can't stop his smirks at that time.
"And by the way, why are you in the office so early, I think you should be the first one who came to the office beside the security and cleaning officers," Dean asked and Castiel started to remove his coffee soaked trench coat.
Finally, they watched a movie in silence. But not for so long because Dean leaned into Cas's shoulder and ask who's his favorite character. Cas just glared at him before concentrating on the movie again. But Dean didn't stop until he gets the answer as Cas finally answered him.
"Wait, I think you just lied Cas, and it's okay. and by the way please accept this treat Cas, I guarantee you this is the best donuts in the whole city, and I didn't know which tastes you like so I brought all of the flavors they have, would you like to try one Cas?" Dean asked in a very kind way.
But that's the exact thing that happened as Castiel didn't reply to Mary for a while but Mary could hear Castiel's long breathing suddenly. So Mary decided to say something to calm him down as she understood that Castiel definitely hiding something or having a problem. That's why he hesitated to come around and try to stay hiding.
And I swear I didn't listen or looked at your home address. I'm not that kind of an asshole. And I hate spoiler alert. One day you will give me your address by yourself, till then I'm not going to get it from around. So I asked for help from one of your friend in the office. (Obviously not Sam, I promise) then I asked her to write your address and name on a piece of paper and I gave it to the messenger directly. So I didn't cheat okay, only wanted you to keep those Roses. Coz this is my first gift for you. I wanted you to have them. I'm sorry if I'm overstepped.
"Yeah, actually I was baking that cupcake when I got this idea to bake a pie for asking you out, so I baked this too" He answered looking at Castiel.
Then Dean slowly opens the Royal silky blouse and exposes the beautiful, sexy and hot, round breasts of Cas. They were full, round and so creamy. Those Nipples were pure red and big and round too. They are like inviting Dean to suck them for hours. Dean's eyes go wide and he licks his lips unconsciously. His tongue darts out repeatedly. Cas's whole face flushes now and he blushes so much. He covers his tits with his hands.
"Hell yeah Deano, it's very touchy, and my baby bro deserved better than those mud monkeys. And to the record Cassie is a great dancer, I have seen few times when he practicing". Gabe said and Castiel yelped getting all red.
Gabriel went to Sam's room to put his bags while Sam showed Castiel his room and Dean just walked after them like a puppy. He wanted to talk with Castiel and ask for forgiveness for what he said and what he has done. for both the eggnog scene and his inappropriate behavior. But Castiel even didn't look at him. He only hugged Sam evenly.
"Clarence, please Come inside quickly. oh god, you are shivering, what happened to you son? You are okay?" Mary's voice is so concerned and Sam was staring at him like seeing a ghost. Mary pulled him inside the house and closed the door.
Castiel checked his phone after the when seems like everything is calm down. There were few messages from friends and Gabriel, he quickly opened Gabriel's message. He has not sure is Gabriel got the news or not, but if he got the news, he will never fooling around sending texts and will crash ASAP.
"You little fucker, I didn't stalk anyone no one in this college, I never fucking do that, and I'm not staring at him, yes I saw him there, and I, I was just thinking when I see him, how much I hate this little rat, that's it, I wasn't staring fuck at anyone" Dean yelled.
Oh no. Dean? is this the famous Dean Winchester, oh god I'm so done. Kevin thought and he gulped looking at Dean.
He never wants another man’s touch, he even never thought about anything like that. He loved Dean so much. Actually, Dean also loved Cas so much. They were friends from Kindergarten, they shared their first kiss when they turned 15, and Cas gave his virginity to Dean on Dean’s 16th Birthday. Both families gave them to their bless and the pair loved each other like crazy, both of them living together for a few years now and Dean was planning to propose to Cas soon. In their life, they never faced something like this before. They trust each other more than themselves and they always ready to believe each other closing their eyes.
"Can't wait to see what you will get today Cassie" Donna called out for his back, like an exciting little girl and Castiel felt kinda embarrassing as he turned his head to glare at her who giggled at that eventually. Castiel rolled his eyes before closing the elevator.
"I'm great, I'm cool Cas. But you know, don't you have any curiosity about I'm coming to see you with empty hands today?" Dean questioned with a knowing grin. Castiel looked at him and smalled his eyes.
“Good night babe, sleep well,” Dean says with a smile and captures Cas’s lips. Cas happily kisses back. The kiss is slow and short but full of love. Slowly Dean pulls out and presses a warm kiss on Cas’s forehead.
Dean said and he was not sure how Castiel reacts to it. But Castiel was staring at Dean for the whole time. and Dean can swear his eyes were filled with Love? Oh it's that can be true?.
"Actually that's the only thing I want right now and I'm dying to do so. But you are too precious to me. I don't want to ruin this in any chance. I want to do this properly. You are not just another date for me. I want to give you the best and serve you properly. So I can wait for Saturday" Dean said and Castiel's heart melts with Dean's confession.
"Well, how you feel now? I hope you are all fine now" Dean asked and Castiel was so done with Dean's acting. Well, as he believed that Dean is acting for the whole time.
Castiel's throat was gone dry this time. Fuck did they recognize me already? Is that what she means by that? The real answers? Will I have to go through the consequences of giving fake details for the hospital records.
"Dean started to flirt with the Angel omega, which can't believe. Because of course he would flirt with anyone, but he definitely don't do that when it's coming to war, and definitely not with an Angel omega" Sam adds as Ellen nodes agreeing to it.
"Just let him lay on the bed, his breathing is got back to normal already," Dean said softly. Hurt written on his whole face. Sam didn't say anything but wrapped his arms around Cas's body tightly. Dean gave Cas a last look before storming out of the room.
"No Castiel, we saw what happened earlier and we are not let you go along this night, never. so you better listen to Mom, otherwise, she will carry you and put your ass in the car" Sam chuckled.
He even can't see one word he was reading right now. He ducked his head as much as he can and wished that Dean will leave him alone and the library too. But as usual, his wishes not full filled and he heard the sound of the chair next to him being pulled.
It's been freaking six months. yes, full Six months and still when Castiel comes out from the office, Dean freaking Winchester will sit outside of the office, in the huge guest area with something new, something different kind of gift in his hand.
"But Dean, you don't have to bring more gifts. I told you last night what I want. And you said you will wait, so you don't have to bring these gifts anymore, we have a deal Dean" Castiel said honestly because he was worried that Dean always spending money for him.
"Woah, Hi to you too," Dean said a bit pouting at Cas. But Cas just rolled his eyes and turned around to go his way. But before that Dean ran in front of him and blocked his way.
"God Gabe, enough of your nonsenses. can you just pretend like a normal person who falling from his roof and broken few bones?" Castiel asked and his voice was grumpy.
"Then in high school, I was dating this guy like two months then I tried it again, maybe supportive boyfriend will be great to go to my desire. But no, it didn't happen as that" Castiel smiled bitterly.
He knew if he catches the bus from near the hospital he can arrive at the college before a few minutes to the exam begins, maybe even if it already started, he can ask to sit still. Hah not bad, he still can try that. Then he ran to the bus stop to catch the very first bus.
Castiel normally sits in the middle of the class but near the window. And Dean, Charlie, and Benny are also in this class as they always sit in the back of the class.
"Dean.. Dean you okay? Man I talked to you like three times and you stayed like a deaf man" Jo complained and sat down beside him.
Okay buddy, not a big deal, just find the book and get out of here that's the plan. He just murmured rubbing his palms together as he stepped to the library. The first thing he did was given the Winchester Charmin smile to the librarian then went through all the book racks finding his book until he saw him. Dean just stopped right there and stared at Castiel. Castiel looked so calm, absolutely concentrate on the book, he had no sense about what happening around him. Dean's face lightning up slowly with a soft warm smile quickly to change a soft chuckle as he saw Castiel had held a blue color pencil between his ear and his head. Probably he forgot that he had hold it there. Dean chuckled again. He didn't know what is he doing. He just stared at Castiel and chuckled. Then Castiel decided to that's the perfect time to bit his lips unknowingly what he is doing. It's kind of his habit. When he is doing something interesting he bit his lips unintentionally. But Dean wanted to stop him. damn that soft-looking, pink, and plump lips, getting hardly bit by those teeth. Mmm Dean wanted to do that for him. He just wanted to storm there, grab the kid and kiss the shit out of him. To kiss those pink lips, those broad and pink and already Well-bitten lips. Hell, what the fuck was he doing no no no not again. Every time he gets a chance to glance over this weirdo he did that, just staring at him especially on his stupid lips. But why the hell. I have to get out here, he thought but too late Castiel's ocean blues was aiming at him. He looks scared, and With a thousand times of questioning look on his face. Like what the hell is going on. Dean's eyes got wide. didn't know when he caught up by Castiel. However, he saw him now. He had to run hide or anything, to vanish from here. With that thought, he turned around like a flash and hit on someone. Dean cursed and grabbed the nearest book rack to balance himself.
"I love you so much Cas, I need you" Dean's weak voice come again as pissed off Cas kept punching the powerful Alpha again and again until his beautiful face becomes a bloody mess. Until Cas can't feel his knuckles anymore. Until it starts to hurt so much as he stops hitting Dean.
Because of parents didn't say much more about what happened, Dean thought its a not a bad thing and his daddy may be in a bad mood which he always be.
"Besides if you actually don't care about that nerd why do you hesitating this much Winchester, don't let us think other than that, uh I can't even think about that, coz I don't think Winchester is gay for him," Raphael said and next second he pinned to the wall by Dean and got a punch to his face as Raphael yelled with pain.
The next moment Dean opened the door to face very shocked, Wet and very messy hair, and pale face Castiel Novak who was standing there holding some bunch of wet clothes.
Castiel's eyes filled with tears, he knew Dean hates him. But those words cracked him. His face was burning, he can feel the taste of the blood inside of his mouth, probably his one of his teeth crashed inside of his cheeks. And his lips felt like bitten by 100 of ants. It's so hurtful and he was in those pains. But now Dean's words, those are so hurting more than the pain in the mouth.
Okay, how about that Lisa girl. it was the last period and after the agreed to the bet and Bobby's lecture Dean's mind was not stable. He really really gone for it.
Shit, Cas is so beautiful in this angle. His whole face was red, his usually pink lips have turned to red with the cold and they were full and fluffy. They were a bit shaking and maybe because of the shock. And fuck they were so close to Dean's lips. Dean can't imagine how they will taste if he wrapped them in his own lips right now. And Cas's dark hair was still wet and water dripping. His tan skin is showing off like an invitation to lick and bite. Dean needed a lot of strength god knows how much right now to stay calm and not doing anything like that.
Cas's breathing changes and his face getting redder with the pleasure he getting, and his beautiful breasts getting up and down with heavy breaths as he is so close now.
"Hmm let's hope, but if you want any help for that you know where am I because I always hated those bitches "Charlie added and moved her chip plate towards Dean.
"Yeah I mean it's just yesterday and, what? it's like ahh.. Umm yeah, it's like 1440 minutes so yes, of course, that's a long time, when I couldn't able to see you Cas" Dean replied with a lovely smile.
So after they arrived home, they made dinner together, ate together, then went to the bed together just like a normal day.
Okay, now it's getting clear. Castiel felt he is going to faint and he had to fought the rising panic. his heart hammered in his chest when his brain started to solve the puzzle piece by piece.
"No I don't want to do that, Sam knows about me, so I think that's enough, thank you" Castiel answered firmly and Dean grinned more.
also knew that he need to check on his other main project's last preparations. As his charity foundation event succeeds at its best, there will be this get-together event tomorrow, which they normally arrange after a big event like that. Mostly they held this meeting and after-party for thanking all that philanthropist who donated generously for helping the people who needed it most.
"Really Benny? you know that's not true" Dean said and tried to push Benny out of his chair who yelled and laughed.
Dean held the bag to Castiel and half expected Castiel will reject it but Dean's wonder, Castiel took it to his hand in awe.
They stayed there like that and Gabriel said both of them to leave and get some sleep. And Castiel had to agree with that because a nurse came and said that the patient must get some rest now.
Also, Benny and Sam are carrying very heavy and unconscious Dean on their hands to their camp. They are middle of the forest right now and Sam is in a shock and shaking with fear.
I'm not going to think about that anymore. He mumbled to himself before starting his work on the file.
"Yes son, I'm completely fine, but my sons still treat me like I'm not," Mary said rolling her eyes and pointing to Sam who chuckled softly.
"Oh my god, Cassie I really can't believe that your "eggnog thief" Made a kissy face to you. God I'm dying here " Gabriel laughed his ass off and Castiel made an I can't believe you face, growling at him.
Cas felt a kind of warmth in his heart when Dean texted saying that he misses him. The truth is Cas also missing Dean so much but he hesitated a bit telling it louder. But hey, the poor man seems so happy to get a reply from me, so it's not a big deal to confess that I miss him too. Cas argued with himself before text Dean back with a smile on his face.
"Oh My Fucking God, No, no, no, oh God oh God, this is not happening. I didn't see it. Ohhh my fucking eyes, I can't believe I saw my brother fucking raw in to my brother-in-law. Now I have to live in my whole life with that. Next time try it with closing door ass holes.
"No baby I'm not letting you go today, not again, please sweetheart" Dean whispers into Cas's ears and licks it slowly taking his time, massaging inside of it with the tip of his tongue. His one hand rubs his thumb over Cas's hard nipple, still over his silk dress.
But actually, he knew what's the real answer. Okay, he really does miss Dean. After he left on Saturday, Cas kept thinking a lot about Dean, his character, his undying desire to win Cas's heart, which Castiel thankful for right now. And of course, his politeness, the way he cared about Cas, those are enough to win anyone's heart. So Cas knew he doesn't have a reason to reject Dean after all. They knew each other for so long time now. But still, Cas being afraid to put a step forward. On the other hand, he was on the edge to get a decision. Maybe after all he should say yes to Dean for his date proposal.
"Cas, no, it's not true. You know that right? Please tell me that you were lying? Please, please tell me?"
Sam inhaled deeply in his tea before getting a sip from it. Then he moaned and closed his eyes like he is enjoying the aroma and taste. Castiel's face lightened with a beautiful smile.
"Yeah and I came to check out that you are okay, because Dean was not doing good either. he just kept talking about you and worried that maybe you get upset with the incident, so I wanted to tell you that Dean is not upset with you, actually it's kind of the opposite, " Azazel said with a grin on his face.
"Hmm, and I know what kind of lesson the pretty boy wants, as many boys in our college wants to ruin that ass why'd we give that chance for them" Azazel smirked at Dean.
"Okay Winchester you got 4 months, it's showtime" Michael sang making the team laugh and earning a death glare from Dean.
But unexpectedly they came back again to the Kansas City after a year and Mary tried and successfully make arrangements to send His Elder son Dean, to his old College. Also Sam the youngest son enter his old school. It's been only a week Dean came back to the college but all his friends make sure to give the same respect and the place he kept before. And the reputation also goes high more than before.
"I have no idea, Benny, I can't still believe what I'm seeing, have you ever seen Dean like this?" Sam asks trying to wipe some blood out of Dean's face very carefully.
"Mr. Winchester we already talked about this. Please don't bring anything for me, please for the god sake. And I don't eat donuts so please take this with you" Castiel said with a very controlled voice.
God, it's a very familiar voice, and who the hell is "me"? How do Cas know that who's he when he says "it's me". But then it's hit Cas's brain like a flash.
Since a kid, Castiel's favorite toys were teddy bears. He had a good collection of teddies. But he always tried to hide that from society. Only his family knew about that. And with time his passion for teddies went away as he tried to fade it away. But However, Dean found out about that. Or has he guessed it? Very suspicious. Castiel thought about it so much. But he wasn't angry with Dean. Now he felt a bit upset about how he left Dean there. But he can make up to Dean tomorrow. Yes, he will, definitely. He promised to himself.
"Wow, really? It's amazing Cas. Just wow it's really nice thing to see, I'm happy to see this right now, and happy to know that you really planted them" Dean said very happily looking at Cas."of course of  I definitely going to plant them Dean" Cas smiled back.
Next second Dean leaned to Castiel's face and cup his cute face with his little hands then press a sweet kiss on Cas's lips but didn't get back and stayed still for seconds remaking the scene in his mind. Both of them stayed like that without even knowing what are they doing because they were just little kids and didn't know anything and had no hatred feelings in hearts. only pure kindness and love-filled hearts. Everything was some kind of experience to them, never had any kind of wrong idea on those little hearts.
Cas immediately push his ass into the finger and starts to fuck himself but Dean chuckles and grabs Cas's hips keeping his ass shoving into his thick finger which buries inside his hole.
"Nothing, just, just I'm glad you are considering me as your friend, and your care, it's.. It's.. Kind of something I'm craving for Cas" Dean said without breaking the eye contact. Cas's eyes softened by that.
"So when can I take you out Cas? Tell me any day you feel better" Castiel felt so bad for Dean. He should not be like this, so easy and protected with Castiel.
“Mmhhh… answer first, Deal or not?” Cas asks while he pushed his lips on his finger which is pressed to Dean’s lips.
Dean's face got pale in front of Castiel's eyes and then he whispered to pie boxes like "Shh shh he just joked okay? please don't mind that, he loves you, he just lied and he didn't mean that "
"Aaaghhh aaahhhh, Dean, I'm so close baby I'm gonna cum ahhh so good mmmm aaahhhh fill my hole full baby" Cas babbles like a whore and Dean smirks. And Dean didn't waste another second as he pushes one finger inside Cas's ass as Cas whines.
"Cas, shit, I'm sorry, I didn't want to make you upset. Just thought you will like them. I'm a huge stupid, I should have even asked from Gabe before I giving this to you, I'm sorry, you can throw it to the dustbin but please don't angry with me, I never wanted..." Dean was babbling and Castiel was staring at him. But then Castiel cut of him by grabbing Dean's shoulder and hugging him. He hugged Dean like a bear. Very tightly. And Dean gasped with a shock. And Sam and Gabe also got shocked by that.
As the tone of Cas’s voice Dean thinks that he is not upset with him, and fuck he is defiantly not, god Cas is laughing after all.
Dean pulls out with a pop sound and quickly lies on the bed near Cas and lift Cas’s one leg, he put it on his own hips and leans to Cas’s nipple, one of his favorite thing of Cas. He licks over the hard nipple earning a beautiful mewl from Cas. He bits the bud and swirls his tongue around it, Dean loves to suck it for hours until Cas becomes a mess underneath him. So he nibbles on it and looks how Cas whimpering at it.
After the end of the game, Cas volunteer to help cleaning as he collected all dishes and plates to bring back to the sink. Sam also helped him but mistakenly sam dropped some source on the kitchen floor.
Dean starlet woke up to the alarm and he knew it was Saturday. Heck, then why in the hell he set the alarm... And then suddenly his brain started to work. Cas! Shit, he has to talk with him. Dean got out of the bed in seconds and ran into the kitchen. The first thing that welcomed him was that amazing smell, and a very happy faced Sam taking out the toasts.
"Oh baby, your guards are not a big deal to me, I should tell you, those guards are the most stupid soldiers I've ever seen. I want you to change them as soon as possible because your safeties can't rely on them. You know, it was so easy to sneak into your chambers and they still failed to find me, even you joined that search party earlier" Dean says laughing.
"I'm not gonna hurt you Cas, okay?" Dean says again putting a step backward. Cas keeps glaring at him as he is still processing what's happening and what he must do next. Then he wraps his hand around his body to cover it more, even all of his body is already covered by thick milk.
"Wow, Winchester easy man easy I just tried to help you. You know I was trying to warn you, that's it?" Azazel said in a calm voice as he knew if he said one wrong word Dean will jump on him and will break good two or three bones of him.
"After three months My Brother turned 18 and we claim our house back. So we didn't have to pay for the room rent. Gabriel worked so hard and he successfully entered me into an elementary school again. Then he entered again to high school to complete his graduation. My brother is a very great person. He is the reason I'm living today in many ways. Mary, he saved my life more times. Without him, there is no me." Castiel stopped taking another sip from the smoking hot cocoa.
They both didn't understand that they were doing that staring again for a good few minutes. And suddenly someone started a car and broke the magic between them as both of them started to laugh.
"Yeah yeah very cheeky, aren't you now," Dean asked and Castiel shoved Dean by his shoulder. Okay now that means Dean has something for him today, Dean is not stopped his effort of wooing Castiel. Castiel felt a relief. But hey Castiel shouldn't feel relief. He is not gonna give hope to Dean. But Castiel failed to hide his, now not pouting and relieved face. But also Castiel was very excited and curious to see what Dean got him today. But he didn't have to wait for long for that.
Cas closes his eyes with the touch and the thought of Dean's giant cock inside his virgin, tight, little pussy hole. Oh god, he shivers with the thoughts.
"Whatever Cassie, I'm just telling you just forget all of your stupid reasons and give that guy a chance, and I mean dude, c'mon... Dean got you a puppy...A puppy!!!! Just give him a chance" Gabriel begged.
"Yes, maybe that will work. But still, it's very risky. We should send someone more than that this time. I would suggest you, Mr.Winchester. I personally believe if you were gone to Russia as you planned last year, we will not face this problem today, so it's better you go there and investigate with the team" Zachariah said with a firm tone as Dean gave him a half questioning face with half pissed off face.
"mmm how could I stop baby, you Cummed untouched and I was lost. And you couldn't blame me ye know, I got one hella fucking hot Husband" Dean said and caught Cas's lips again.
"Yeah? And then why did you said " That's a good thing ' when I said, 'I killed my girlfriend this morning'? Charlie said and Dean jerked back in shock.
"No. It's not gonna happened, we can do this anytime Dean. Don't be an ass butt, and let's get ready, c'mon" Cas drags Dean by his hand.
"Jesus, Cas?" Finally, Dean's mind came out of the shock as he asked in a shocking voice. And that was the time Cas came out of his coma too.
"Wow, Cas I.. I mean I never knew all those stuff, but hell I can tell your parents were very unfair, and those two assholes you were dating, were fucking assholes to say stuff like that, I'm sorry for them about losing someone like you and insult to the very beautiful art like this" Dean said squeezing Castiel's hand.
Gabriel and Sam cried when they saw the rings and hugged their brothers with a lot of love and said they can't be more happier than that.
"So, you only have to take the virginity of Our dedicated little cocksucker and bring him to Raphael's party. Then you win the bet and we assume that you are a not gay you just an old womanizer Dean Winchester and also a badass, if not... " Azazel stopped as the gang cheers to the bet already saying that was a great idea.
Castiel on the other hand was clueless about what's happening around him. He called Mary to inform them that he arrived home safely. And then he got on his bed.
Hello my friends. So I'm having very difficult time and writing this is forgetting about it a bit. And also covid 19 is starting to hit our country for the second time. Hope everyone will save. So please tell me what you think about the fic. Have a great day all 😍😍
Dean chuckles. “Ah! My bad. Sorry, sorry. By the way, sweetheart, where we were?” Dean asks while reaching for Cas’s lips as Cas leans down to kiss his lover. The kiss goes smoothly as Cas starts grinding his ass on Dean’s cock, and Dean moans to Cas’s mouth. Dean’s hand slowly snakes to Cas's bubble ass cheeks and squeezed it slowly. It feels so hot and the sensation makes Dean moans. Dean’s cock getting harder when Cas’s firm ass cheeks and his hard cock rub on his own cock repeatedly.
Castiel's heart hammered in his chest and his body shook with the unfamiliar feeling. It's a combination of happiness, fear, excitement, shock, and want.
Dean sighed staring at his phone, then he understood that he already missed a lot of the meeting when he heard his name, calling around.
Castiel closed his eyes sobbing. Suddenly the images coming and going inside his head like a flash. Their childhood memories. Dean was kissing his lips on the day of football game in the school, then suddenly they were aparted, and Dean stand and go away from Castiel. When Castiel crying with pain. Then again images flashing all the time Dean kissed him between elementary school and Kindergarten. Dean stopped kissing Castiel and left him alone in every flashed image of the memory. Then last he saw when was the first time Dean kissed him in kindergarten. Castiel's eyes filled with more tears as little cute and kind Dean stop kissing him and left him on the ground to cry himself. Castiel opened his teary and bloody eyes.
"Oh c'mon Cassie Love, you know I can make you feel better, let me in, I will kiss you better my darling" Cas's mouth fell open at the same time Dean's jaw clenched.
"And Cas, as I already told you, I also have to tell you about me. I'm never going to hide anything from you. So I also going to tell you all on that day" Dean added.
But right now Alpha is covering with blood and mud. Even his face is very difficult to recognize at the moment. But the most unusual and dangerous clue is his scent. It's coming very weakly and it's sour like a very sick Alpha. It's indicating a disaster. That's why Sam is shocked like this.
"At least until now. So I determined not to think about it ever again. And I got the job in the college after that, so I took it, then I became a professor. after that I never even think about ballet, as I said earlier I buried it deep inside as my past, but anyhow you have found that. But still I'm surprised. Because I'm not active in social media, the stuff you saw in my profiles must be all old stuff because I don't log into those much" Castiel finished.
"I'm so close baby, gonna cum" Dean groans and strokes his cock so fast another few times ready to cum but suddenly there is a huge thud on the door and both of them starlet. Cas quickly sit on the bed finding his silk dress and his rob. He pulls his silk pantie back and covers his nudity as he is still naked and so Dean.
Then there was an uncomfortable silence between them for the next few seconds. And also Dean drove the baby very slowly. He didn't want to think about why he did that. Because the roads are wet and slippery from the rain. So he just being a bit careful. That's it and it's not like he was kinda didn't want to end this ride so soon. He would answer like that if someone asked him about that.
Okay, this is the hardest thing in the college for Cas. He hated to be paired for assignments. Because obviously, he didn't want to deal with any other students. And also no one really wanted to be parted with Cas as he is popular as a gay kid and always gets bullied. So that's why he barely got only three friends. All the situations like this before when he was assigned with other students for assignments, he used to quickly deal with the other kid by offering to complete the assignment along by himself and giving a copy to the other student too. Like that he skipped teamwork and socialism. Because he knew that would end up giving him another crazy panic attack.
"You know, I kinda missed your flirting Dean, it's happy to see you all flirty again" Castiel huffed a laugh looking at his face. Dean chuckled at him.
Castiel didn't reply but only glared at him for few seconds before gatherings his stuff again but suddenly Dean's hand on his, grabbing Castiel's both hands. Castiel gasped at the unexpected touch. Dean's hands were soft but hard at the same time. They were warm, and his fingers were long and thick.
Castiel had to stopped his babbling because Dean grabbed his shirt and yank him up to his feet and the next second he felt a huge pain in his right cheek as something pulled out in his mouth. Fuck its blood and Dean's right hand knuckles was on his cheek as a . Yeah, Dean punched him so hard.
Cas is terrifying and he has no idea what is happening but he can see his lover is in trouble. But he always believes Dean. Dean never hurts him. Now that makes sense. That means something definitely wrong.
To Castiel, it's just an only normal day as even he didn't know what was that day so he spent his day with his normal schedule. So in the evening, Castiel ended his work then he checked his watch. because his brother promised to come over for a movie night and he promised to bring him homemade lasagna and Gabriel's famous orange gateau cake from his bakery. So Castiel quickly gathered his bag and his trench coat in his hand and walked out of his cabin room.
Dean was loosing his time over the bet and his heart started to feel some strange feelings towards Castiel 💚💙
Castiel was angry, in pain, afraid, and also he was almost having a panic attack, then Dean chose to beat the kid hell out of him exactly the same time as Dean punched on Castiel's stomach. With that Castiel fell on his back.
When Dean was young, he just wanted to be a great football player. To play for the National team and make his dad proud of him one day. But right now he kinda fucked up in big time. He had to agree to a stupid bet to even stay inside his college football team. It's frustrating so much.
"Cas I know it's illegal to kiss holy prince's lips in any circumstances, but I fucking don't care about it, coz you are mine, only mine, I will be the first person who tastes these gorgeous, most kissable lips and the last one. Because I'm the only one who gonna claim you, my love, you are only mine" Dean groans, and Cas shivers with the power of Dean's speech. With that Dean leans in and captures that delicious looking and inviting royal lips with his lips and moans to the amazing taste. Dean sucks those plump, pink lips and drinks all the taste in those pinkish and stunning lips. Dean bit Cas's bottom lip and licks it to request to entering into him as Cas moans loudly to that. Dean takes the chance and explores Cas's mouth with his tongue and drink Cas's deliciousness as much as he wants and tangling their hot and wet tongues.
The next morning, Dean was already in the hospital car park when Castiel approached there. Castiel couldn't more surprised than that. Yes, Dean is too protective about him and careful. He knew that but didn't believe it. Anyhow he has to believe that now. because Dean never refused to take care of him when it's come to Castiel become a bit weaker.
"Um, yeah. Yes. Okay," He just answered simply and quickly turned his face and looked out of the window. Obviously, wishing Dean will get the message and stop talking. Because Castiel didn't want to talk with him right now. It will definitely drive things to further mess. Because today already happened too much and he can't take more shits. Dean looked at him quietly but didn't say anything but he wanted to talk more.
"Okay, who's next, ah yes. Dean and Castiel" Mrs. Pamela dropped the names and the whole class went meek. Everyone watched face to face with weird gasps. Everyone glanced at Dean and Cas in surprise. Castiel's fear paralyzed him for a moment. he fought a rising panic inside him but before it's too late he raised his hand like crazy.
"I don't know Baby brother, but maybe because you were a little pup then" Gabriel answers, even though he understands that there is something not okay. But he determines to find about it without telling Castiel. Because he doesn't want to make him more afraid and confused.
Dean was pissed at Sam for making him go out to the market to bring a vegan eggnog for his brother in law, while it's heavily snowing outside and cold.
Dean groans and grits his teeth while giving a death glare at Cas who is looking at Dean with no clue about what’s going on. Dean is still inside Cas but he completely stopped his moves.
Dean pulls out his fingers as Cas glances at him. Dean keeps Cas's gaze as he slowly takes his juicy finger into his mouth and sucks it staring at Cas's eyes. Cas mewls at the action.
So Dean having a big secret from his past which he doesn't want to even think. And Castiel keep having nightmares about his dark past. Both are fighting for their life in different ways. The weakest will beat by the dark most. Let's see..
“Dean! What?, what the fuck are you talking about? Who is Benny? If this is a joke, it’s the rudest one you have ever done.” Cas’s voice is shaded with a little warning tone but also confusing.
Dean also Smiled with him but he was in another big thought. After a moment he seems to have an idea as he goes.
Dean felt his anxiety getting higher but before that, his phone started to vibrate which was on his lap. He grabbed it like a tiger who jump on a rabbit.
As soon as Castiel saw Dean with a hand full of boxes Castiel stopped on his heels and sighed heavily. He glared at Dean only once then quickly walked towards the door ignoring Dean's happy face who's coming towards him beaming like a child.
Cas started to squirm when Dean rolled his hips, pushing his throbbing cock inside Castiel's tight hole.
“Shit babe, are you horny already? you know how much I love when it you wear those panties” Cas jump out to the sound and he grabs the bedsheet tightly and tries to go back on the bed for defense from Dean.
"You think I'm handsome baby? Mmm and strong too huh?. well, let me show you how strong I am my love" Dean says and lifts Cas in one hand when his moans turn into a yelp.
“Ok then come to bed babe. Let’s have some fun, I’m gonna make it up to you, I’m gonna blow you like hell, then you can do anything as your desire. Come, Benny, my baby boy can have me as your wish, take me as you want love”
Dean thrusts and thrusts and thrusts in and out as Cas pushes back his ass, to get deeper every thrust inside him, Dean changes the angle, and immediately Cas cries out with pleasure.
"Can't you understand that this is a pointless thing, Winchester? You keep coming to apologizing but ending with making a new reason to make apologies again" Castiel burst out. Dean went speechless with that comment and Castiel started again.
"Cas I don't know what happened to me and I just, I just didn't want to people to talk about shit, and god this is so hard to explain man" Dean looked away unable to find the right words to describe what he wanted to, without hurting Castiel. But he didn't know that Castiel already knew what was happened yesterday. Suddenly Castiel started to laugh sarcastically making Dean look at him in a questioning face.
"No no please don't do this, please let me go, this exam is very important to me, please let me go" Kevin was crying and asking for help.
"No, actually I'm, I said I'm not feeling well, so please go now, will see you tomorrow" Cas tries again.
and it's been 1 year and 2 months since their first meeting and 8 months Dean started asking him out. Castiel kept turn down Dean's request but they are now good friends.
He thought he will not going to bother for his lunch today because he didn't want to face some extra loved, lovers surrounding him and question his unlucky to be single on Valentine's Day. but his stomach strictly rejected that idea as it started to rumble heavily, remembering that he already missed his breakfast. So finally he designed to have some sandwiches from his favorite bakery on the other side of the road. He just got out of his cabin chanting Noone will not notice him.
But Cas was fed up with both of this boy's shit as Cas quickly walked towards his class. Without wasting time Alfie followed him after glaring at Dean once again. Dean also gave him a death glare but not followed him instead he stayed there until his friends come.
"What? No.. I didn't, and I don't know about Sam though" Dean said trying to act cool and not suspicious at all. Mary smiled at him.
"Nope no.. Never. I'm not gonna rude to them. You are definitely correct. They are our friends" Dean said trying to hold his grin.
"Damn. that means you gonna reject this cutest baby over here, just like you did to my other 172 gifts? You can't be serious Cas?"
"What was that Castiel, please tell me, how even that's happened? Because I don't let anyone bullies you if I see them doing it, I really want to hit those idiot's ass right now"
Castiel can't believe what's going to happen to him. Seems like Dean never going to stop this until he pulls his dirty prank on him. Maybe Dean will hit him or maybe when he accepts Dean's apologies he will stop this and laugh at him with his gang. Whatever it is Castiel wished if it would happen soon. Because this is more hurts than that.
"Nice job so far Winchester, c'mon show me what you got son" Coach Rufus yelled at him and Dean's face lit by a huge smile. With that Dean hit on the ball very fast and boom, he got another goal. Dean threw his hands in the air and screamed happily. But no one was there to join him as all the other members look like half dead.
"Okay I will go, but I still have to find my novel, maybe I recheck in our normal library again, it's a very beautiful one Michael, you also should read it" Gabriel says very natural way smiling at his brother.
So, Cas hit Dean's face with another strong punch. As this time it breaks Dean's nose. And it starts to bleeding in the next second. But Dean doesn't care about that as he wipes the blood without even a hiss.
"Man, he was a pain of the ass, and next day that crazy coach, Singer asked to come to his office and questioned us, but he had no clue that was us beaten the kid, coz he didn't see our faces that day. Good for us he just warned us that's it, then we released" Uriel said with a smirk on his face.
So after the next day, Gabe and Sam walked into them when Dean kissing Castiel against the kitchen counter. And Gabe and Sam screamed saying gross and stop sucking each other when Castiel goes completely red. but they were very happy about their brothers.
"Woah, damn, Cas, what were you doing Baby, your voice, oh my god" Dean didn't plan to say it louder but it's bursting out as soon as he heard Cas's sex voice.
Castiel staring at Dean as slowly walking into his personal space. Then put his free hand on Dean's chest before leaning into his face pressing a soft kiss on Dean's right cheeks making Dean freeze.
And again, tomorrow is a big day for him, so he got his dinner quickly and took his phone, and got few calls to check whether everything is happening perfectly. Meanwhile, he enjoyed the beauty of the gorgeous blue roses Dean compared with his eyes and having those unbelievably delicious chocolate Dean gifted him.
"What's the matter, boy? it's kind of interesting. just let this man say it" Alastair smirked and signed Azazel to continue.
Castiel keep smiled and his voice is so enthusiastic. And Azazel kept motivating him asking questions and giving compliments about their friendship. After a few minutes, Castiel thought Azazel is not bad as he seems and maybe he must be a good person. At that moment Azazel asked his million-dollar question.
"Please, stop calling that, he is not my boyfriend okay?" Cas said quietly, still not looking at Dean whose eyes went wide with that.
"Wait, are you naked because I didn't see you when I ran into you either" Cas murmured this time wishing this will be a dream.
"Castiel Novak" Dean started and Castiel glared at him when his heart started to beat fast. What is he going to say? Why he called me by my full name.
Then before he turned toward Sam to say bye, he pulled into another bear hug as Sam hugged him so tightly. The giant kid is a completely different one. Castiel felt happy and remind Gabriel. He never got a hug like this besides him. A real one. He hugged back with happiness.
"Not only for me Dean, for all of us. When I mentioned to him that I don't know how to cook and probably I should wake my brother up to make us breakfast, he offered he can do it if I don't mind. So I found that awesome so I let him cook, and hey I tried to help him at least" Sam said and before Dean says anything, Cas came back from the bathroom. Dean quickly glanced over him but as soon as Cas saw Dean, his face changed as he hid his eyes from Dean.
"Thanks, Cas, but  I should admit that it's kind of lit now after you came here," Dean said in a very genuine voice but Castiel laughed at him.
Okay, to be honest, Cas had never celebrated Valentine's Day before. Of course, he got few boyfriends before, but either one isn't last longer till Valentine's Day. Plus whether it's Valentine's Day or not, any of those boyfriends have never given him even one red rose for their dating period. Actually, sometimes Cas felt so little about himself over that point. It's like no one appreciated him or some shit like that. But it's all before Dean came into his life.
" Because technically kid is my friend too, of course, he didn't get that message yet thanks to you, he might think if he accept my friendship you will ruin him for that. And I brought it right now because he was very badly got a panic attack and practically so sick from that bullie's shit when we went to meet him. Poor guy was like a shit, I'm really upset about him. Dean you know he doesn't deserve that, c'mon man he is just an innocent gay kid, Dean can you just, you know think about talking with your football team about going civil on him?" Charlie pealed.
"Dean you know my vagina can't getting mix with any saliva but by my royal husband, and also it would be after the wedding. Even every second I wish you will be my husband, it's impossible to let you do that right now my love. I can't pull your life into danger baby" Cas says and Dean rubs his thumb over Cas's sharp delicious-looking hip bones towards his pantie.
He sighed when he closed his car door. He just wondering what happened to Castiel after the morning incident because he never saw him after that. But at least he is not get beaten. But why would he did that, why he got such a risk to save the boy. Okay, it's not quite a "save" Save, but hey c'mon at least the assholes didn't get a chance to beat the kid shit out of him, so it's kinda save.right? But he didn't want to save him the same time. He wanted to see him in pain just as he went through the pain because of him. Anyhow Dean was like a sandwich. He was stuck between two sides of his mind. His phone started to rand at the moment as he got out of his thoughts. He took his phone from his pocket and checked the caller as he smiled softly at the phone screen and click the answer button.
Cas cried out and dig his nails into his husband's back. Dean knew Cas loves when he dirty talk to him when they make love roughly like this.
Damn Cas making me go nuts. You have no idea how much I love you Cas. But you will eventually understand that. And you will love me as much as I love you. I can't wait for that day though. He thought and a beautiful smile spreading on his face.
"You gotta say yes to him today Cassie, or I gonna kick your ass this time" Donna didn't forget to call out when Castiel run passing her chuckling at her enthusiasm.
"But believe me Cas, I had to have lots of medicine. But because of you, I'm gonna get an appointment again" Dean winked at Cas.
Dean runs his thumb over the little hole and runs it around the rim. Cas hisses and grinds his cock over Dean’s cock.
The pain was high but he felt its fading the ache of his heart. So that's fine that's what he wanted. It's started to blood leaking in the angry cuts and Castiel quickly washed his hand and all the blood coming out of the cuts. He kept holding his hand to the water until the bleeding stopped. His cry also fading away with the blood. His whole body was hurting. He can't say and point to a place where the pain coming from because everything is hurting. Slowly he put down the sleeves and then he felt it, he was sweating, and also he was trembling and shaking. He tried to breathe slowly, but he can't do it properly as breathe started to shortened and then started to tightness in his throat. He is having a panic attack. His hands gone to his neck grabbing it tightly as he tried to keep calm his breath, he couldn't see anything as everything gone blur. His eyes slowly go to close as suddenly he felt two hands hold his shoulders and shake him. He can hear someone calling him. "Clarence, Clarence look at me hey hey, c'mon. Breath with me slowly. C'mon you can do it honey. C'mon". Castel can hear the voice now. His vision getting to clear and his breath started to steady now. He looked at his friends who have surrounded him and trying to help him get out of the panic. Meg kept holding his hands and caressed his back smoothly talking to him. Slowly Cas got better and he started to cry.
"Actually I think we should help Cas to be more social and he shouldn't be so alone like that, so I think I know how to convince him to do that, I want to do a little Momma trick on him," Mary said with an exiting happy smile as Sam's face lit with excitement too.
"Did he just call my baby brother Angel?" Gabe asked holding another two ornaments between in his hand and the tree, looking at Sam.
“Cum love, cum for me, I got you. So beautiful and you're so good at taking my flat, huge dick. So good baby, cum for me love”
