He rotated all the way around to see Lestrade, who was in charge, standing in the doorway.
Sherlock nodded, and Dad’s smile became tempered and sad.
Their eyes met. John felt breathless, like the air had pressed in on his lungs and frozen them in place.
“Oh, yes!” Sudden glee filled Molly’s expression as she turned back to her husband. “It was right when she came home from school – she’s got the most
“You know…”
Sherlock, face flushed with adrenaline and dance and emotion, could have been on top of the world.
He gave a little nod, and took a step towards John, then another when John showed no sign of moving away.
“Sherlock!” John broke off again, holding him steady, keeping his lips just centimeters from Sherlock’s, still unwilling to pull away.
“She –” Sherlock was stammering now. He couldn’t believe this. Hope was slowly trickling back into his heart, which was beating so slowly, as if it tried to work any harder it would shatter again. Could it really be…? Was it possible…?
John chuckled softly, even though that wasn’t what he’d meant. He’d meant that he hadn’t expected Sherlock to be so…
John’s mouth hung open, turned up at the corners, his mind reeling with wonder and joy.
John hummed softly at the crease of his groin, raising his head inches from Sherlock’s cock and ghosting his breath over it. Sherlock could feel the heat of it through the material, and his hands clutched desperately at John’s shoulders. “John,
“Yeah.” Sherlock said. He felt strangely tired all of a sudden.
“God, she’s gonna be insufferable.” John shut his eyes briefly. Harry’s busy work schedule had kept her from visiting John more than once while he’d been in hospital, and she’d been so frantic as she fussed over him, snapping at Sherlock and all the doctors, that John had had to pretend to fall asleep to get her to leave.
John blinked.
He gave a sharp twist of his wrist, hooked his fingers once more inside him, and John tumbled over the edge.
“Right,” John said, disarmed slightly. But a quick glance at his watch told him she was right.
Dad did look disarmed, though. “Oh,” he said. The smile dropped off his face again, and he turned to stare back out at the river.
Harry had just left. She’d come to give some emotional support, or her version of it, anyway. The best she could really do was bring by some biscuits, pat his shoulder a bit and say, “it was always going to be a totally shit time”.
“But sometimes, things are so transparency…they don’t need evidential proof.”
Then he’d been unable to hear anything but Mrs. Hudson making soft shushing noises, and he knew Dad had started to cry.
“Well?” Lestrade asked softly.
,” John said through his teeth.
“About last night…”
Sherlock sighed as he twirled the mobile in his hand a few times before pocketing it again. “Just as well,” he muttered. “She’ll only worry.”
The day had been long and unforgiving. Sherlock examined himself in the wardrobe mirror as he pulled off his tie. How long would his hair stay black, he wondered? Prime Ministers always went gray in office, if they weren’t already.
“Sorry about that,” John muttered weakly over his shoulder.
“Yes, I would like that very much.” Sherlock said. “Anything to put off actually
“…you know that?” he finally asked, when everything else had slipped his mind.
“Even
He couldn’t move; he needed to get out of the way, to find somewhere to sit before his knees gave out, but suddenly his feet were made of lead and he couldn’t make them budge, couldn’t even tear his eyes away from the empty cavern of forbidden space beyond those doors.
Tears spill afresh from Sherlock’s eyes.
“Round yon virgin mother and child…”
Sherlock turned, but John had already flown through the door and was walking away quickly, his hands clenched at his sides.
Sherlock swallowed back the tightness in his throat and blinked his eyes open, not caring that they were still wet. He dropped his hand from his face and turned to look at Mycroft, eyes searching.
Saying it out loud felt like dropping from great height and crumpling on landing, but it was true. When Sherlock was so brilliant and put-together and confident, flawless in every way imaginable, and John felt like the absolute opposite, how could it be any different?
Mad, of course. Utterly mad. But simple.
you, I –” The tears were welling up beneath his lids. “I’m sorry.”
He scooted himself all the way off the bed and onto the floor, hating himself.
“So let me be there.” His hands slid up to cradle John’s skull. “Let me –”
Sherlock broke them off with a heavy gasp, and rested his forehead against John’s.
John burst through the door to his bedroom and raced around it in a mad scramble. He seized the clothes tossed carelessly onto the bed and shoved them into the wardrobe. He grabbed the old magazine from the nightstand and stuffed it into the drawer. He cast his gaze around, looking for anything else – it seemed okay. Nothing out of place. Appropriate, and inviting. John placed his phone on the nightstand, then tugged his coat off and tossed it over a chair.
“Well, at least it’s nice and warm in here,” Sherlock said to John.
“You’ll make do,” John said, grinning back at her.
John couldn’t help but respond, pushing his tongue between Sherlock’s lips and stroking it sweetly along Sherlock’s own, eliciting a second, deeper moan from deep in his chest and causing his knees to buckle.
“Yes.” He even managed a faint smile as he said it. “And the satay, as requested.”
“Morning, sir,” John said, smiling as he passed by them on the landing. He nodded once at Magnussen. “Mr. President.”
“Hello.” John approached the counter. “I need a room for tonight, a double?”
“It…isn’t much, I know.” Sherlock cleared his throat and cast his eyes downward. “I just thought…I wanted you to know…”
“Oh, that’d be great, wouldn’t it, love?” John looked over at Sherlock, laughter in his voice, and Sherlock grinned and looked bashfully down at his lap.
“He’s…” Mrs. Hudson bit her lip, searching for the right term. “He’s…shaken, John.”
He’d text him in a couple days, he supposed, and tell him he’d wiped all the footage, so sorry but nothing to be done now. Mary would be upset, but what did it matter, honestly? They had pictures. That should be good enough.
2. “I have another job in the city, as a waiter. But I like coming out here more.”
Come follow me on
Sherlock writhed and moaned underneath him, sweet fire pooling at the base of his spine, and John’s thrusts were gentle and building but still he needed more,
Sherlock nodded vigorously. He still couldn’t speak.
“Well, on all manner of adventures.” He looked back up toward where the star supposedly was. “You could have gotten your bearings from it all the way round Europe, or used it to set out looking for the New World.”
“Well, you’ll be happy to know that his condition is stable, and that the surgery was a success…”
Silence on the other end. Then, after a long moment, a soft, restrained “What?”
The weekend passed, and the snow melted down to a slush before Lestrade called them on Tuesday morning with a promising eight. Sherlock and John spent the next several days hunting down leads, culminating in quite an exciting chase along the muddy banks of the Thames in the chilly December draft, but they were both smiling triumphantly in Lestrade’s office by the end of the week, windswept and muddy though they were, as John slammed a rusty old revolver in an evidence bag down on his desk.
“Yeah?” John said, without thinking – though he could feel his cheeks reddening at how bright and hopeful he sounded. “Good.”
him not to deny it, but as the words floated, one by one, into his shell of a brain, he stopped.
of you, Sherlock. All the time.” He tightened his grip around Sherlock’s waist, holding him firm. “Alright?”
Despite his best efforts, that wasn’t much. The coffee turned cold in his hands – he only managed to take a few sips before it suddenly felt too heavy to lift. On the opposite wall, the clock still
Sherlock turned himself on his side, gazing out the open window into the darkness. This whole thing seemed so much more than he’d bargained for. No amount of studying or politics could have ever prepared him for this.
. Sherlock snickered.
“We came as soon as we heard,” Lestrade said, rasping and urgent. He sat down in the chair next to Sherlock’s and put his arm around his shoulders.
And suddenly, John whirled around.
Sherlock leaned in his chair to look towards John through the glass, only to feel his stomach drop when he saw him hunched over in his seat, looking anxious. Sherlock bit his lip; he’d been trying to play along with Mike’s inevitable jibes and criticisms, but clearly John thought he shouldn’t have said that.
have a single still available, if you’re interested,” he heard her offer.
John gave a sympathetic chuckle. Sherlock had his hands in his pockets, the remnants of sleep lining his eyes making him look soft and warm.
“It’s my sister,” John said, lamely. A miserable explanation, but Sherlock deserved to hear it.
The lock suddenly clicked open.
“Oh, um,” John muttered. He was staring down at the jacket in his hands, as if he was trying to figure out what it was. “I – I don’t think I’ll come.”
The city lights flew past and blurred into the peaks on the monitor.
seem sort of funny, now he thought about it.
“Can you excuse me – for just one second?”
“Hmm,” Sherlock agreed, but John thought he felt him swallow heavily before speaking. “Still, you’ve some ground to cover yet. Has the dizziness come back?”
“I love you,” he whispered into Sherlock’s wild curls, his voice low and full of feeling.
had he gone and said that for? That had been an even bigger disaster than the girl he’d tried to sweet talk in the lift at school the other day.
He closed his eyes as soon as John had gone into the room and was out of earshot.
“I will,” she nodded.
She dragged her hand along the top of John’s chair as she turned away, and sauntered slowly out the door, passing by Sherlock without even glancing at him.
A crease appeared between Dad’s brows, and he inched his chair a little bit forward. “Let’s hear it.”
He gave a stiff little nod, and felt a grateful rush as the organ music began.
Someone had chucked a mobile phone at him, and someone else had barked out a loud “shh!”. Sherlock brought the phone to his ear.
“Not a bad one this year, is it?” Lestrade leaned against the table next to Sherlock, and tipped a good quantity of the remaining wine into his mouth. “Where’s John?”
Sherlock relaxed a bit, releasing the tension in his shoulders.
Even in this state, even after he’d rushed over here from the party, Sherlock was momentarily at a loss for what to say.
“Yes, but the files are nowhere to be found, so now we’ll have to launch a full-scale investigation to find whatever he’s got, which is precisely what I was hoping to avoid by involving you.”
John shook his head, slowly, and Sherlock stared down at the seat between them.
John jumped to his feet, his mouth flapping uselessly.
John understood, grinned wickedly for just a moment, and then latched his entire mouth onto the peaked, pink flesh and sucked. Sherlock cried out loudly, clenching his teeth at the sharp spike of pleasure that went directly to his cock.
But Sherlock was rolling his eyes again, and all the amusement had gone out of his face. Now he just looked irritated.
It was for the best, John reminded himself. If Sherlock didn’t want what John wanted, well, there was no sense in chasing it, was there? It had hurt to pull back from the only night they’d ever have, to carry on like it meant so little to him, but John would rather have put it behind them entirely than jeopardize what they
Sherlock rolled his eyes and chucked that one away too. The next one was smaller, and less glossy, and had a rather cute cartoonish picture of a snowman in a scarf on the front.
Sherlock smiled down at him, wavering but no longer trembling. “Do you need to go back to sleep?”
“And I will inhabit here with you – or
“And you, and you, and you and you…” John’s finger was bouncing all around the audience now. People were cheering, some were already on their feet, thrilled by the performance.
“I’ll always be right here, John,” he whispered. “That’s my promise to you.”
“There!” he blurted out, and his heart skipped several beats as he saw that familiar blond head standing by a car door –
They were still on the main road. Still in public.
“Obliging girl,” John said.
He was wearing one of his impeccable suits, with a deep red shirt underneath. His dark hair was catching the sunlight beaming through the office windows, making his eyes look even deeper and bluer than usual. John’s heart gave a little spasm at the sight of him.
“That’s ridiculous, John.” Sherlock peered back at him out of the corner of his eye.
They broke apart long moments later to find that their hands had unclasped and they were holding each other closer, not moving away. Their bodies might always have known, in every cell, that they would find their way here one day, and know exactly what to do.
“Nothing,” John said. “Just clearing up a bit.”
. How hadn’t he thought of it before? It was so obvious, so
“Sherlock, I’ve done chicken kebabs!”
John let his hand slacken, turned his palm upward to fit against Sherlock’s and held onto it. Sherlock’s eyes met his evenly, filled with a depth of emotion so genuine and vulnerable it robbed John of his remaining breath.
If he’d been expecting anything at all, it wasn’t this, but he couldn’t deny how much his pulse had kicked up in his throat suddenly, matching John’s elevated breathing rate. Maybe it wasn’t ideal, but if it really was just sex, what harm could it do?
“It looks good on you,” John said, smiling.
"Hello, sleeping beauty."
Sherlock opened it, and was greeted with a wall of scrawled text.
He squeezed her shoulder reassuringly, and darted out of the room. He gave a sigh of relief as he spotted his keys on the kitchen counter.
John’s face was bright pink as he pulled back. His eyes flickered up at Sherlock, looking at him from under his long blond eyelashes, and it was absolutely
What good were words now, anyway?
“How about a t-shirt that says, ‘ditch your girlfriend’?” John asked.
make him want to vomit, hung up all over the walls – the weight of how
“Goodnight, John,” he said, low and warm.
appreciate her concern on some level, but he was still in no state to handle Harry in her full capacity yet. And he
“I hope to see more of you,” Magnussen said slowly, “as our countries work toward a better future.”
He’d reached number 100, and was staring to lose hope. Did John really even live in Wandsworth? Had he moved since he’d last seen him? Had he seen Sherlock coming from the window and told his family to say he wasn’t home?
Sherlock unclasped his hands and rubbed at his temple, sighing in turn.
His heart was pounding, not with fear now but with excitement, with thrilled nerves, with slowly mounting need. John had stopped close to him, his hand still in his, his other hand holding onto Sherlock’s forearm to keep his balance.
“Mhm.” Sherlock smiled softly, kissed him once more, then shuffled downward to nose his way into the crook of John’s neck.
“I’ve just tried the wedding video, and it’s a complete disaster,” John went on. “It’s come out all blue and wobbly.”
“I’m never letting you leave me again.” John’s voice was a low murmur, trickling through the scant space between them as he stroked a hand through Sherlock’s curls. “Wherever you are, no matter where you go, I’m going to be there with you, Mycroft and all the world be damned.”
“Alright.” Sherlock’s pulse kicked up a notch, but he resolved to keep his vocalizations lower, if he could.
Sherlock’s heart sank even further, and he gave her a nod before turning back to the street.
“Don’t be ridiculous, of course we had to come,” Lestrade replied without a moment of hesitation. He gripped Sherlock’s shoulder solidly, looking at him with warmth.
“I know, one second!” John shouted back as he shrugged off his coat. He readjusted the bags, then slowly climbed the stairs up to the flat.
Sherlock’s hands rubbed down to the small of his back, kneading out the stiffness of his lower spine, and John moaned. He felt his hips shifting a little, with the motion of Sherlock’s hands, and a current of sweet fire shot up into John’s chest, at the friction underneath him.
“More coffee?” Sherlock asked, nodding toward John’s nearly empty mug.
And through the glass, Sherlock saw him. The small, blond boy, dressed in a blue winter coat, and handing his ticket over to the attendant.
As if conjured out of thin air, a crowd of people spilled out of the sitting room and into the hall, all shouting and cheering and raising teetering glasses of champagne.
“Look, um –” he stammered a little. His heart was pounding. “Sorry for, um, being a bit forward, and all that…”
“Fair enough,” he muttered.
“Well, pleased to meet you, Lestrade.”
“Then I wish she’d care a little less,” John sighed. Maybe he was being unfair, and he
His knees were starting to give out, but Sherlock was backing him closer to the bed, so he let him. When his legs hit the mattress, he swivelled them around so Sherlock sat back onto it, and John could swing a leg over and straddle both of his, never once letting go of the tight hold he had on Sherlock’s torso.
“Not that one.” Sherlock sifted through the coat rack and picked out one of his own, a rather bright blue one with sequins adorning the lapels. He tossed it at John. “Here. Obviously Elton will show us up, but if we don’t even
He felt Sherlock’s breath quicken against his skin, and he sped up his thrusts. Soft moans were escaping from his throat now, his arms shaking where they bracketed John’s body. His cock leaked fluid on to the small of John’s back. He was warm, and his touch was sweet, even in John’s hazy, post-orgasm bliss. He rutted against John harder, and deeper, chasing the precipice of his own pleasure. John shifted himself upward just a little, and clenched his arse cheeks.
This year, the office Christmas party was being held in the ballroom of an upscale hotel in Chelsea. They had done it up rather nicely, too, with a tall Christmas tree in the corner and the lights dimmed into low reds and blues which shone off the tinsel strung around all the tables. John had been wary of coming – he had his mobile in the inside breast pocket of his jacket, so he would definitely feel it if it went off – but he’d been so desperate for a night out he’d just thrown caution to the wind. His suit was older than he’d have liked, but it was the best one he owned, and the champagne clasped in his hand was making him feel much less self-conscious about it.
He only noticed the tears dripping down his own cheeks when he leaned down to press his lips to John’s forehead.
Sherlock smiled over the rim of his mug, and set it down on the table.
John moaned, a long guttural sound vibrating deep within his chest, and dipped his head to kiss messily at Sherlock’s lips. He rocked his hips forward, slowly, and the sensation pushed a sharp, breathy cry up through Sherlock’s lungs. John tightened his grip around Sherlock’s shoulders as he sped up slightly, setting a slow but earnest pace, savoring the quakes of pleasure coursing through each of them together.
“Boarding pass, sir?” asked the man behind the counter. Signs above him read
“Just…let go for a while, alright?” Sherlock whispered against John’s skin. “For me?”
He kissed at Sherlock’s cheek again, then clumsily landed another one down at his chin. Finally, he found his lips, which were quirked gently upwards. They kissed slowly, lazily. Sherlock’s fingers were threading through the hair at the nape of John’s neck, and it sent affectionate warmth all down his spine.
“Well,” John said, projecting his voice loud enough for Mary to hear him. “Don’t let me interrupt you, then.”
Should he kiss him goodnight? He wanted to –
“So, what do you think about our new prime minister?” John asked Sherlock.
“Better than yesterday.” John sank even more heavily into Sherlock’s side, wanting him to relax just as much as he was. The wound had now dimmed to a dull ache, the shooting pains of a moment ago gone; John could just about ignore it.
he mouthed back.
Something painful was suddenly pushing up against the roof of John’s mouth, and he blinked away the wetness prickling behind his eyes before it could leak out. He sucked in a deep breath and let it out quietly, steadying himself.
“Ah.” Mrs. Hudson nodded, apparently understanding perfectly. “Am I sorry about that, or not?”
navy blue suit, fitted perfectly to his slim frame and bringing out the deeper tones in his dazzling eyes.
“The oldest brother,” Sherlock explained. “Peter. The upright, gallant one who always dreamed of saving the world?”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows, affronted.
. “He’s helping me, isn’t he? I mean, I know he was worried, but–”
Sherlock’s eyes fell closed, but he didn’t move any other muscle. He didn’t dare. The moment he moved was the moment this stopped, the moment he woke up and John’s lips would stop pressing so sweet and warm against his, his tongue would stop pushing hesitantly inward to meet Sherlock’s, his hands would stop curling around Sherlock’s cheeks like something rare and precious. If Sherlock moved, John would vanish into a puff of smoke, and Sherlock’s heart would shatter again, into a million smaller fragments.
Well, he wasn’t joking anymore.
Then Sherlock raised his hands above his head, and dove into the pond.
After a few seconds, John opened his eyes. Sherlock’s were just inches away, blazing with something deep and visceral, fierce and silent.
They spent the next couple hours exchanging bits of paperwork, and Sherlock was able to put Mia out of his mind. She didn’t matter. It didn’t matter what she said or what she did. All that mattered was John, and John would never behave anything like how Mia did. He was his husband. Sherlock knew him.
“You know she is, darling.” Sherlock’s words were slow and deliberate. “Be careful, there.”
“Oh,” John let out, surprised. He felt his face split into a wide grin. “Thank you.”
“Oh God,” escapes from his lips of its own free will. “Oh God, oh God oh God oh God…”
He felt the familiar rumble of guilt through him as he thought of Sarah. He was almost getting used to it by now, and wondered if it would ever go away. He’d tried so hard for her, tried so hard to be what she needed. But it had been so quick and confusing, and then she’d gotten sicker and sicker and John hadn’t even realized how much he’d fallen short until it had been too late. And now, if he was going to do that for her son, as well…
“Yeah,” the host with the striped jumper now said, awkwardly. “Sherlock, I understand you’ve got a prize for our competition winners?”
“Sleep now, John.” He whispered, his voice cracking under the weight of everything John hadn’t been able to carry for him. “I’m here. I’m always right here.”
“Bud, coming up,” the bartender said, and bent down for a glass.
A jolt of arousal shot up John’s spine. He hooked his calves around Sherlock’s, to bring him in close. They had more room this way, actually, with Sherlock on top of him.
Sherlock let out a sigh of relief. “You’re a saint.”
the way his voice broke on the sound. “It’s alright –”
“Desculpo,” Sherlock muttered. The phone buzzed again.
They watched him together as the track faded out and the DJ pulled his microphone close to his mouth.
“No.” Sherlock turned his palm up and laced his fingers with John’s. “I’m fine tonight. I promise.”
come out of this, Sherlock.”
John could feel himself speeding toward the edge, and he knew Sherlock wasn’t far behind. They were both shaking, sweat trickling down their bodies, the desire flowing between them ramping up to boiling point. John tightened his grip, and wanked them faster. He heard himself making frantic moans against Sherlock’s lips, but all he could feel was Sherlock, his touch, his cock against his.
been interested in Magnussen, then…well, at least Sherlock would know where he stood.
She kept talking, on and on, and her words slipped through John’s brain, leaving no trace. He stared, and stared, and the thoughts bouncing around his head were becoming sharper and more painful, and he couldn’t do this, he
Dad walked away, and Sherlock played through the chords again.
“Ask me anything, I’ll tell you the truth.” Sherlock said, looking back at Mike. He could still get this back on track.
Had it always been this far away? Surely it didn’t need to be. He could probably do something about that. That was his job, wasn’t it?
Sherlock scoffed. “I don’t think so. We’re supposed to keep you
There were several whoops of approval. Sherlock hitched his jacket up a bit and gyrated his hips a few inches, putting on a bit of a show, and the crowd cheered louder. He thought he heard a familiar voice in amongst the appreciative shouts, but it was quickly obscured by applause.
his mind whispered back.
“It’s a rainy Christmas Eve all over the UK” came the voice from the radio. “And the big question is, who is number one on the Radio One chartshow tonight?”
Sherlock snapped his head up to look at the boy in the apron; he felt a fresh wave of nausea crash over him at the movement.
“Um…” he spluttered out, his mind racing through denials, through excuses, through angry outbursts. But they all died in his throat. There was no mistaking that knowing quality in her face. She wouldn’t be thrown off.
Sherlock’s breath began to come in quick, silent bursts.
The familiar voice made his eyes snap open, and he turned his head to see Lestrade, who was looking much less grouchy tonight – though he did have a nearly-empty glass of wine in his hand.
Sherlock kissed him, and kissed him, and John kissed him back, delving his tongue in to taste the depths of Sherlock’s emotion, Sherlock offering whatever he had freely. It was dazzling, and Sherlock’s mind was spinning faster than ever even as everything felt suddenly still and calm. The world was alight, and he was here with John, and nothing in all of Britain, in the entire
He looked so sure of himself. John stared at him, wondering what it was like to be that sure of
Sherlock stood, transfixed. He didn’t dare speak.
“Damn, thought I might catch you out,” John grimaced only slightly as he stood, finding his balance. “I’m just tired of sleeping all day.”
John sniggered along with him, unable to help himself. It
And he had; he’d known it for years, had been face-to-face with it every moment for weeks. But still, it was too much. He couldn’t do it. Not now, after everything. And especially not today, not on
“Take me to a bar,” he said to the driver.
The AD’s voice calling out to them brought them back to their surroundings.
come out of his room, it’s obvious he’s been crying,” he’d heard Dad’s voice say, muffled through the floor. “I just don’t know…it was such a waste, and if it’s going to ruin Sherlock’s life as well…”
Sherlock kept his eyes shut and waited, but Mycroft didn’t move or speak. Off to the side, Molly, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson were still rattling on faintly. The clock was still ticking.
“Let’s go.” His dad said, clapping his hands together. “We can
Sherlock stared, and John stared back, waiting, not breathing, desperately
“It’s just round the corner, you’ll make it,” Mary said from the bed, arms wrapped around her legs.
“Are you okay?” John asked, laying hand on his forearm. It felt like a burning ember, but Sherlock managed not to throw it off.
It was the longest one yet. Sherlock cradled John’s skull with his other hand and poured everything he was feeling into it, knowing that John could understand him perfectly.
better.”
“Sorry, I don’t think I got your first name, earlier?” John asked.
“Molly?”
“Have you tried the coffee from that place just round the corner?” John asked him.
“C’mere, you’re cold,” John said. He turned on his side, and wrapped his arms tight around Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock cleared his throat, feeling it scratch like sandpaper. “Fine. I just need –” He reached out toward the basket of creams and sugars, then paused. He had no idea how any of the others took their coffee. With a trembling hand he scooped up a handful of sugar packets and nearly spilled all the cups as he balanced the tray in the other, then escaped out the door as quickly as he could manage, not bothering to finish his sentence.
John leaned back over the console, his smile seeming a bit less forced this time.
“John –”
“Sherlock…” John’s voice was barely a breath.
that matters to me. You’re my whole world.”
Something was pushing up Sherlock’s throat again, threatening to spill out and ruin everything, ruin this moment, ruin the composure he had so diligently kept up. Wetness was welling up behind his eyes, more powerfully than ever before, and Sherlock screwed his eyes more tightly shut, knowing it was just a matter of time before it all burst out.
With more reluctance than he could bear, John slowly pulled back from Sherlock. But Sherlock didn’t let go – he kept his hands on John’s shoulders, kept the distance between them short. John could count the freckles on his long, beautiful neck.
“I like to think it’s my exceptional good looks and charm.”
– Danny’s
of all places.
“You…”
“Does it matter?” John asked, shrugging. “What’s the point of going through things logically, when in America, any bar could contain ten girls more beautiful, and more likely to have sex with me than the whole of the United Kingdom?”
“Yeah, more or less.” John was twirling a pen in his hand, the papers in front of him forgotten. “Have you got a boyfriend you’ll be bringing?”
“Yeah, probably.” John said, encouraged. “Most of them. Well, at least some. From what I saw, anyway.”
Harry hesitated a moment, but then nodded slowly and turned back in the direction of the sitting room.
Sherlock’s eyebrows raised, and John exhaled in relief. Finally,
John’s heart thumped with adoration. “That’s why you’re wonderful.”
He felt Sherlock gasp against his chest. “John…”
He thrashed and squirmed, trying to get his feet out of the way of whatever that slimy thing was, but before him, Sherlock was just laughing.
“Ready?” John held Sherlock’s gaze firmly within his own, holding his own desire at bay with no small amount of effort until Sherlock gave his assent. Sherlock nodded, breathlessly, and John smiled sweetly and bent down to press a kiss to his top lip.
“Are you alright? How long have you been waiting?”
John closed his eyes, letting his warmth seep into him, surround him. Enfold him. “G’night, love.”
John laughed louder, and stepped forward to take the package from him.
,” he said, with an amused sigh. “And no, I’ve just had it. So listen, when are you two driving back?”
Sherlock was grinning, a bit breathless, and John sank back into the mattress.
Sherlock hit the end button; his mouth was set into a thin line as he turned back to the road, hitting the gas again. John leaned back into his seat and said nothing. He spent the remaining part of the journey staring out the window, but couldn’t stop himself from stealing tiny glances back at Sherlock, whose eyes were set determinedly forward; only once did he catch John out of the corner of his eye, hesitantly, and John held the look for far too long before he had to turn away, the overwhelming sense of a missed opportunity too heavy in the space between them
He pinched the bridge of his nose and bowed his head, inhaling heavily.
He took a few deep, steadying breaths, and tried to speak calmly.
He broke off abruptly, but the words hung in the air between them, fragile, untouched.
“Mrs. Hudson?”
Sherlock riffed the last line once, twice, three times, ending on a long, drawn out “sho-o-o-o-ow” as the final chord played out, and drifted upwards. The crowd was on its feet, screaming with applause, and Sherlock, careful to keep the guitar in position, gave them a shallow bow.
“Any bar,” John said, shucking off his bag and leaning forward in the seat. “Just your average American bar.”
Sherlock let out another quiet breath of laughter, less shaky this time; the lines of his brow weren’t as deep anymore, and John pulled him in a tiny bit more, craving that closeness, hoping to smooth the rest of them away.
“All I want for Christma-as,” John riffed over it, and then the crowd erupted.
John kissed him until he couldn’t breathe, until his feet might have been frozen to the ground, though he couldn’t feel it, then pulled back a fraction of an inch to watch Sherlock blink open his eyes, wet with tears that might have been John’s and brimming with unfathomable happiness that belonged to them both, a smile on his lips unlike anything John had ever seen that was wholly, perfectly, his.
a necklace –” he said towards the coat rack. “Or, if it’s sex and a necklace – or, if, worst of all –” he turned at last to look at John, “– it’s a necklace, and – love?”
What he really wanted to say was
“I love you,” he breathed out.
John had blinked, and a moment passed before he sagged against the cushions. “Probably.” And he sounded a bit sad, in a way that Sherlock didn’t like. “They do seem to be getting caught up in it.”
Somewhere, a heart monitor faded into earshot, beating out a rapid half-stable pattern. Sherlock waited for Mycroft to speak again.
John gave an awkward little laugh, and Sherlock coughed, his face arranging itself back into coolness.
Sherlock allowed his lips to turn up into a smirk, a twinge of pride swelling up in his chest as John stared daggers at their wide-eyed suspect.
17. “Maybe you could name one of the characters after me.”
“John!” clamored a throng of voices he didn’t recognize. “John, good to see you!”
John’s eyes clouded over with surprise and emotion as he blinked down at it. “Oh, Sherlock…” He flipped open the cover; the spine creaked pleasantly, the heavy parchment pages fluttering under his thumb. “It’s
“Call him right now,” Sherlock continued, doing his best to keep a straight face. “He won’t be busy, he can confirm anything you want. Make sure you run
He gave a little chuckle; Jonathan and a few people in the studio audience copied him.
, a flash of silver, and John crumpled to the pavement with a loud groan.
The first shot – of John smiling, his back to the altar – popped up on the screen. Sherlock had seen it so many times now, but it still took his breath away; John in that beautiful, dark suit, his bright blue eyes standing out in piercing contrast.
Maybe it had been inevitable. Maybe he’d been a colossal idiot for not predicting this weeks ago – hell, even
Their backs were turned to Sherlock, so he moved a little closer, and was able to catch their conversation floating out through the open door.
“No, no, I know.” Sherlock shook his head again. This was all going wrong. John was the one who was hurt, Sherlock should be comforting
John pulled back to face him again and wiped away the tears rolling down Sherlock’s cheeks with his thumbs. It looked like his eyes were filling, too.
wasn’t enough?
Through the silence, he heard John take a step forward.
Bright and early the next morning, Sherlock was striding into the office space with a purposeful step. Somewhere in his restless unconsciousness, he’d realized that he needed to set things straight. He needed to ask John what had happened, and find out exactly what lines Magnussen had crossed so he could offer to help in any way John needed. And if John
and not someone catatonic?” There was a note of exhausted desperation in Lestrade’s voice now.
The though twisted his insides around with a violent jerk. He though he might vomit; he took a few more staggering breaths, desperately trying not to think beyond that, knowing that if he thought of anything else – if he wondered what had happened when he gave it to her, or any time since then, or even before – he would lose it completely.
. It was
Soon the weight of Sherlock settled on him, as he straddled John’s hips. John heard the
and all he could think of was –
“Thanks. Helpful.” John had said, breaking a gingernut in half.
Tomorrow was another cabinet meeting; he groaned internally at the thought. They’d have to talk about that new stimulus bill…
The breath was knocked out of him again as Sherlock began to push his second finger in alongside the first. Gently, and
“Sherlock’s been very mysterious,” said Mrs. Holmes exuberantly as everyone’s wine glasses were refilled for the third or fourth time. “Where did you two meet?”
“Go to sleep, John,” he whispered. “You’ve earned it.”
Sherlock couldn’t take it; he needed more, he needed
“I love you,” Sherlock gasped out. “I love you
Dimly, he heard a chair scraping the floor as it was pushed up beside his, and a figure in a lilac dress dropped down into it. He didn’t have to look to recognize her as Janine, the maid of honour. They’d only introduced themselves briefly after the ceremony, but she’d been the only bridesmaid to bother with him, and she’d taken to him rather…strongly, to say the least.
“I feel it in my fingers,” he sang, with as much feeling as he could muster. “I feel it in my toes.”
A ragged gasp escaped John’s throat, and he looked up into Sherlock’s beautiful, unsure eyes. He snapped the watch shut and dropped it in his pocket, gripping Sherlock by the base of his neck and pulling him into a hard, deep kiss.
He listened to her ramble, on and on, not looking even once at the darkened office just beyond him.
An ear-splitting
John pulled his coat from the wardrobe and shrugged it on, relieved at feeling his gloves in the left pocket.
John swallowed, painfully. Sherlock raised his hands, mimed typing at a keyboard.
“And then today, seeing you at the station…” John pressed his face into Sherlock’s neck, his voice suddenly thick. “I wanted so badly just to hold you, and I couldn’t, I had to pretend…” He sucked in a long shuddering breath. “And you were so brilliant, with the plan and at the break-in, and I wanted to tell you, to show you, but there were all those people around… God, Sherlock, it was
Of course it had been ludicrous – John had known it last night as he’d stared at the flight page, wondering if he was really going to go through with this. What was he even
Sherlock kept up the quick, bouncing movement, as John raised his head up off the mattress in time with him. They were both naked today, John stretched out horizontally on the bed while Sherlock pretended to ride him. John had always prided himself on being completely professional in situations like this, but he couldn’t deny that the feeling of Sherlock’s strong thighs bracketing his hips
“Where the fuck is my fucking coat?”
“You what?”
was it. Sherlock pulled them together and kissed him deeply, slowly but with a desperate need so tangible, so real it made John sink into him. Sherlock pushed his tongue past John’s lips, holding him close, so close by his grip across John’s back, and John would have gladly buried himself in him, burrowed into Sherlock’s chest and let himself be held, kept safe and warm forever, and he knew without a doubt that Sherlock would let him.
He tugged at Sherlock’s shoulder, and they raced off to the car.
He couldn’t…he shouldn’t be letting this happen. It would only be even more unbearable once John ran back into that flat, to his wife…
A breathless sob tore its way out of Sherlock’s throat.
John cast his eyes down, his head spinning, leaping back to all those moments of uncertainty he’d caught in Sherlock’s eyes, back to that hospital bed where they’d fallen apart together and held each other through what had almost happened, back to a different hospital room and a different ambulance years ago where a monitor had nearly flatlined and John’s heart had shattered as he’d whispered
John shook his head, exasperated, but stepped inside. Sherlock followed him and barked out the address.
“We’re here, sir,” the driver’s booming voice came from the front seat.
“Liars always have detail, John.”
John burst into giggles beside him; he couldn’t help it. The wine they’d had at Angelo’s was running warm through his veins – they’d had a bit more than usual, savoring their glasses alongside each sumptuous course and the quiet intimacy of the restaurant as the snow floated down in flurries outside their window. They’d laughed loudly and kissed often, infected by the beauty of the atmosphere, rejoicing in each other’s company in that wonderfully comfortable way that came so naturally to them now. They’d been too caught up in the magic of the evening to let it end when the check came, so instead they’d pulled on their coats and had foregone all the cabs, walking home through snowflakes dancing in the light of the street lamps.
John wasn’t applauding with them, but had his eyes fixed on Sherlock, bright and brimming with what could only be described as adoration. He glowed in the studio lights, and opened his lips to mouth an unmistakeable
“That’s what worries me,” he breathed.
Dartmoor…”
, from now on. Together.” John said, fierce and adoring all at once. “Understand?”
Sherlock shut his eyes and focused on his breathing, coming in deep shuddering gasps which he did his best to even out and
John swallowed. “Nothing.”
“Merry Christmas, my love.”
“No, it isn’t!”
gone this long – for fear he’d shatter under his hands.
Sherlock couldn’t help it. He turned his head, caught John’s wide eyes shining in the darkness. His heart clenched at what he saw there, so close to him, so near at last to the shining, visceral
Sherlock’s eyes fell nearly closed. His senses were overloading, John was everywhere.
Slowly, not taking his eyes off John’s, Sherlock shrugged himself out of his coat. He took another step into the room, and dropped it on the chair, on top of John’s.
Sherlock’s heart was starting to race now. John shouldn’t be looking there. He needed to get him
Sherlock stood there stupidly, stunned into silence. John gave a cheeky little grin, then held up a greasy paper bag.
Mycroft nodded, and turned away. Sherlock lingered a second, two, just long enough for him to school himself back into composure and give John a polite nod, then followed his brother.
playing, son!”
He raised a hand to cover his face, rubbing hard at his eyes. He was sure he was a pleasant shade of scarlet by now.
“Oi, why are
It didn’t matter, John decided, as he tried to put Sherlock out of his mind again. He was just going to have a good time. Whatever happened would happen, and he’d have a great story to tell, in any case.
ed away the seconds, counting down time that Sherlock couldn’t keep track of, counting down to forthcoming hours that didn’t exist, could never exist, as long as he was in this limbo of frenzied calm where nothing could ever be found.
“…Sherlock?”
“Yeah,” John murmured back. He could feel the tension building in Sherlock’s abdomen. With great effort, he rocked his arse back into him, meeting his thrusts with tiny movements of his own. He’d use whatever he had in him to make Sherlock feel good, even if it utterly paled in comparison to the treatment he’d just received.
“Yeah.” Sherlock nodded, pursing his lips as his eyes welled up again.
“Even if I just – turn my phone off sometimes?” John’s voice was still shaking, muffled by the collar of Sherlock’s coat. “Or if I say I won’t be around to answer some nights?”
“One of the nurses is trying to kill me,” she said in an undertone, her eyes flashing to John.
Sherlock saw a single tear slip from John’s pooling eyes, and tumble down his left cheek.
Sherlock’s entire body was rocking against him – John could feel muscles clenching up against him, arousal flowing back and forth between them, everywhere they were touching. He was exquisite, John couldn’t get enough of touching him. He could feel his own cock dripping, sliding up and down Sherlock’s length, and the flames in his abdomen flared up higher, white hot, burning with need.
“He lives next door.”
A hot spark of fury went off behind Sherlock’s temple.
Dad turned sideways on the bench, an elbow resting on the back of it. “I really want to know.”
was beautiful, eyes closed as he faced out into the night, drawing out each note with gentle swipes of his bow. The music flowed through him, poured out of him with every graceful, almost sensual movement; he folded himself into it and drew himself out again, and in every touch to those delicate strings, John felt as if he were hearing the entirety of Sherlock’s soul in those notes – like he was gathering it up and releasing it for John to hold.
“It’s a…” Sherlock said, lamely. “It’s a self-preservation thing, you see.”
He went off down the long, polished hallway, where a lot more besuited men were waiting in front of his new office. But before he reached them, Sherlock stopped, halfway down, and looked back.
“You’ve got a very nice staff here,” he said.
“Sorry, sir,” his friend chimed in.
John didn’t know what was going on, but he didn’t like seeing him like this. He bit his lip, cast his mind around for something, but sure enough came up empty. After all, what could he possibly say?
“Boa noite, Sherlock,” John said, his throat rasping.
“More,” he whispered softly, almost brokenly. John nodded once, kissed Sherlock’s cheek, the corner of his jaw, as he added a second finger. Sherlock cried out, low in his throat, his back arching off the bed, his hips moving ever so slightly in an involuntary effort to bring John in deeper.
You know that. You
“We’ll just have to go slow then, won’t we?” John smoothed a hand up Sherlock’s side, loving the familiar way he shivered under his touch.
John was, too. Sherlock looked, if possible, even more beautiful than when he had seen him last.
He held Sherlock under his fingertips, felt his heartbeat kick up a notch, reverberating through his skin. John needed him like a physical ache, a desperate tug in his chest, a magnetic pull, but the last ghost of hesitation remained behind Sherlock’s eyes, and John leaned in until he could feel Sherlock’s breath across his face.
“Just one dance?” Sherlock asked, with a shy, crooked smile. “Before we run out of chances?”
– and the
“It’s been…um…”
Mycroft seemed to clear his throat suddenly and harshly, and Sherlock knew he was biting back a chortle.
“No, it’s
“Well, we all do,” John replied. “That’s why we’re making the new version.”
He was looking immensely pleased, but it wasn’t
“You deserve a life, too,” Sherlock whispered.
“You’re having me on.”
“Sir?”
, right where he was supposed to be, here with Sherlock and doting on Sherlock and loving Sherlock and oh God, he’d missed him, he’d missed him,
Sherlock’s mind slowed to a crawl; he couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He looked once more from Molly to Lestrade and back again, at the incomprehensibly genuine concern in their eyes, and a blaze of earnest affection for them both flared up in his chest.
just heard –
John tried to look anywhere but at her, tried to feel anything but that awful darkening dismay that was crashing into him with every sultry blink she sent in his direction.
John drew backward a little, dragging his cheek along Sherlock’s and hovering at his lips, almost touching. Then he leaned in, and Sherlock met him, kissed him slow, and sweet, and tender.
*    *    *
He stood at the far end of the counter stirring sugar into his cup and listening to the doctors’ voices ring out through the room. He couldn’t retain anything they were saying – the words slipped out of his head as fast as they came in and landed in a pile on the floor – but they were so unaffected, so carefree in their conversation that Sherlock couldn’t make himself leave, even though each time they burst into laughter made him want to double over and empty his stomach onto the cracked tile floor. One of the men had a giddy, high-pitched giggle that stood out in counterpoint his friends’ lower, coarser laughs, and the sound hit Sherlock like a blunt object to the back of his head, making him clutch the side of the counter as his brain spun in his skull.
Sherlock kept his gaze even, not searching for anything, just taking it all in. To remember.
The room was dark and bare; Sherlock had straightened up the mess that had accumulated throughout his stay by piling everything into his suitcase and shoving it into the closet. He had turned on a single lamp in the corner of the room, which projected a dim light and created strange shadowy shapes on the floor.
“Tread lightly, sailor,” Sherlock carried on with a cheeky grin covering his face. “You wouldn’t want me to put you on the night watch, would you?”
“It’s
John had never looked forward to going to work as much as he did these days, and he knew exactly why that was. It wasn’t because of the film, obviously, with it’s directors’ short fuses and endless incredibly specific needs for every shot. No, it was because talking with Sherlock had become the highlight of every day for him.
Sherlock permitted himself one more second to revel in his own admiration for this man - this beautiful, brilliant man, whose patience was unparalleled, who always understood Sherlock no matter what the situation, who had just flown across a continent because Sherlock was lonely and needed help – before he launched into the plan.
Mrs. Hudson’s face fell, and her eyes filled with something like guilt, as if she’d betrayed something she’d been supposed to keep secret. John was suddenly torn between relief that she was so much worse at hiding what she was thinking than Sherlock was, and the growing dread at the centre of his stomach that felt even worse than the nausea.
“Um, Wandsworth.” John moved to stand in front of the desk as Sherlock sat behind it, but didn’t take the proffered chair. “The dodgy end.”
“Why don’t you and your husband head right into the office?” She said brightly, nodding towards the open door away from the exam rooms. “Dr. Moore will see you as soon as he’s done with his patient.”
On screen, the video cut to the last shot – of John waving out at the crowd of remaining guests as he got into the car that would take him and Mary to the airport.
It’s when he’d returned to the understuffed chair of the waiting room that something was able to pull him back.
“Of course, yeah.” John nodded. “It’s getting a bit cold.”
Sherlock tried to reign in his own smile as he looked back at John.
“Sherlock…” he managed to gasp out.
“Sure.” Sherlock nodded, and the AD retreated.
“God, isn’t it
I know that. I know it every day. Always.” He couldn’t stop his voice from breaking.
John tried to glare at her, but it was no use. His dejection was spreading through his entire body, robbing him of all his fight. His shoulders sagged in defeat.
“John,
“They were not.”
John exhaled shakily; the sound was muffled by the collar of Sherlock’s shirt.
Backstage, people were crowded into groups and chatting in excited whispers, but Sherlock moved off to stand alone by the wall. He was too nervous to try to talk. There was too much at stake.
“What – have I not been relaxed enough today?”
And again, and again. It had to be
"There, that will help." Sherlock was holding him by the nape of his neck with gentle fingers. "What else do you need?"
John tried to smile apologetically, but she straightened up before he could sit down and pretend to be busy.
and something hot and incredible bubbled up in his chest at shining joy emanating from John’s eyes.
him, if they could hear him and understand that this was all wrong, that this was all so dreadfully terribly excruciatingly
when we’re together, love. You know that.”
one. The newly-elected President Magnussen seemed a reasonable enough man. He even had staunchly international interests, having mostly grown up in Denmark despite being American-born. Why did everyone feel like his first move when dealing with Sherlock would be to try to bully him from pillar to post?
that lay behind his fear.
“Alright.” John nodded.
“I’m here, John. Can you hear me? ” Sherlock held John’s hand as if it would shatter in his grip, running his fingers over chapped skin and settling it between both of his own. He looked up at John’s face, at his tensed brow and fluttering lashes, and willed him to try to respond.
“Foda, é frio!” Sherlock yelled, reaching forward.
“No, no,” Sherlock said quickly. Probably too quickly. “No, is the answer. Absolutely not.”
Sherlock’s grin spread wide over his face, and John answered with one of his own, each of them feeling lighter, more whole, slightly less burdened of the weight they’d been carrying in their chests throughout their long separation.
Sherlock smiled brighter, and nodded. “Talvez você possa nomear um dos personagens depois de mim.”
He clutches at the jagged rock wall. He knows it’s useless. It’s fifty feet high, and his hands scrabble at the sharp pebbles, slashing feeling into his frozen skin. The water’s up to his waist, and only rising.
It was soft, and genuine. Not bright with laughter, but warm and crinkling the corners of his eyes. It was a bit crooked on one side, like he hadn’t shown anyone this kind of real pleasure in a long time, and was out of practice. It was
“Go on then, and I’ll go get you one.” He glanced at a nearby stand overflowing with bright red jumpers with green sleeves – they were hideous even for John’s vast array of taste.
“Soon.” The doctor’s voice was firm but warm. “We’re just finishing up the stitches, and then we’ll bring him out of the anesthetic. It shouldn’t be more than an hour.” She smiled sincerely and laid a brief hand on his shoulder “We’ll call you in as soon as we can, alright?”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry John,” Sherlock rasped out, breathless. “I know it hurts, but you’re going to be alright – help is coming, they’re on their way, stay with me...”
. This could really,
John’s eyelids were fluttering, struggling to stay even half open. “’m sorry,” he mumbled; his head lolled in Sherlock’s lap. “Didn’t see…stupid…wasn’t thinking…”
Sherlock exhaled a miniscule breath of a chuckle. He brought one of his hands up to cover John’s where it rested against his chest.
“If you were an especially good sailor, you’d only have to find it again and adjust your course,” Sherlock went on, chuckling too. “And if not, then you’d turn around and use it to plot your way home. Point yourself northeast and follow it straight into the Port of London.”
“Hmm. Well you’re right about that.” John smiled back, full of admiration and amazement. Sherlock had never seen anyone so beautiful.
They were starting early that day. John picked his way through the crew, bleary eyed, as huge lights were wheeled in behind the windows to simulate late afternoon sun. Someone was up on a ladder, wiping down the glass, and the associate director was striding through the crowd with a large clipboard, shouting “bit of quiet while we finish the lighting, guys!”
“Right.” John’s eyes were hooded and his voice was shaky. He took the card and pocketed it with trembling fingers.
“Very bad indeed,” Sherlock said nonchalantly, as he lounged on the sofa with his hands folded behind his head. “Blue Carbuncle are outselling me five to one, but I’m hoping for a late surge.”
“Oh – no,” he said, stammering desperately. “Honestly, I didn’t really –”
for coming home so early.” She dropped heavily down next to John on the sofa and reached for one of the teacups that Sherlock had laid out. “I thought you’d have stayed in hospital for at least another week, maybe two–”
He moved away from John’s lips to trail kisses down his neck. John threw his head back, giving him access.
“Yeah, love.”
Sherlock was looking extremely pleased.
“Just try your best to calm down, alright?” The doctor released him from his hold, but kept a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Have a seat in the waiting room, and I promise we’ll let you know as soon as we have any news.”
of a gunshot, and Sherlock leapt out, in time to see John slam their suspect against the wall and level his gun against his chest.
“Get off, you big bully!” Sherlock shouted, and he tried to pry the fingers away from him as he flopped around. They were too strong, but Dad relented, releasing him and letting him drop back onto the sofa.
He had the DVD speared on his index finger, caseless, those dark, clear words that Sherlock had
Sherlock let the darkness flood back in and push out the image. Of course. How idiotic to think that he could find respite from his fears inside his own mind.
“Did he really?” John said softly against his temple. “Well, I’ll have to write to him sometime and say thanks.”
But John needed him, too. He needed his husband. He needed every part of the man he loved, not just the parts that could help him through this. He needed every beat of his heart, every flicker of worry in his eyes, every gentle, trembling touch of his worshipful fingers. He needed
Mycroft’s expression was more exposed than Sherlock had ever seen it. Worry, sympathy, compassion melded together into something so earnest, Sherlock almost didn’t recognize it on him.
“Not especially. But even the most incompetent of officers will catch a few at least by accident.”
Sherlock thought he’d at least make use of the time by getting some decent shots in. It was dark out now, and the roving blue and purple lights were throwing the video quality off a little, but John’s face was still visible over his new wife’s shoulder – eyes closed, leaning in, swaying with her much too slowly for the beat of the song that was playing – Fleetwood Mac’s "Go Your Own Way" (Sherlock
Lestrade lifted his head and gave them both an irritated scowl. John just smiled back innocently, and Sherlock felt his own lips quirk upward in spite of himself.
He knew why, of course: John still had a lot of strength to recover, and it was a risk Sherlock wasn’t willing to take yet. But the longer this went on, the more John found that he was rather eager to start taking more risks, in fact. And it sounded petty, even ungrateful, which John could certainly never be, but he sometimes wished Sherlock would boil some eyeballs in the kettle, or have a strop on the sofa, or propose some mad scheme for the two of them to do something ridiculous, just so John could feel like things were normal again.
No. Not tonight.
worthless without vodka,” he agreed, lowly.
Sherlock’s insides had turned to ice. He couldn’t even feel his fingers on the strings anymore.
And the thought of that latter option stopped all breath in his throat.
“And, if you could rub the nipples a bit, please?” came the AD’s voice again.
“Got it,” Sherlock replied, holding the radio close to his lips so his words wouldn’t be carried off by the breeze.
With a gentle hand against John’s shoulders, Sherlock drew him in to rest against his chest, leaning down to press a final kiss to the soft lines of his forehead.
He was laughing, and John laughed with him, feeling lighter than air, feeling warmer than the summer sunshine. Sherlock’s deep chuckle rang out through the deserted street, and there was no one but them in the world, laughing together as it all, finally, slotted into place.
They kept swaying together, unhurried; the song might have gone on for hours. John wished it had. He wished it could have gone on forever, and he’d never have to leave this place – this place where he finally felt whole.
Sherlock stared at Magnussen, wanting to stride forward and punch that suggestively smug expression off his face.
“Morning,” Sherlock said. He looked tired as well, but his eyes were smiling. “You too?”
“See you soon,” he breathed, letting his gaze trail once more down toward John’s lips, and then reluctantly let go of his hand to turn and sweep through the revolving door.
perfect, no matter where, no matter what.
“John, está bem,” he sniggered.
“Well, you know the type. Married to the job.”
“I’m not modest,” Sherlock said with a chuckle. He leaned in a bit, carefully working John’s left shoulder. “I just want to take care of you.”
“And, er, sometimes not.” John added on, lamely. “Mainly scary how bad the writing is.”
Sherlock’s eyes were sinfully dark. “There’s an abandoned car park ten minutes from here, far away from any heavy traffic.”
He blinked, his eyes slowly swimming back into focus. Carol-Anne was leaning in closer now, her full lips parted and inviting.
“Wait,” Sherlock whispered suddenly, breaking off. John ignored him and kissed him again. Sherlock melted into his touch for one brief moment, then found himself again and pulled back, gripped John by the shoulders and held him in place. His eyes searched John’s, deducing. “How drunk are you?”
“Alright, Clara,” John said, but she was still talking.
Mary had joined him at the altar now, and they were turning around to face the front of the church. She was mostly obscured – John’s face was taking up a fair bit of the frame.
To Sherlock’s surprise, John cocked his head a bit and smiled.
She’d had no idea what to do about Sam, and John looked around at the empty room now, hoping the answer might magically come to him from somewhere unexpected, but there was nothing yet. He sighed, moving to the sink and staring out the window above it.
Sherlock lowered his newspaper, an almost affronted look of surprise lining his forehead. “A
“Alright,” Sherlock murmured back. He resumed his stroking up John’s arm, but the motion felt…less restless now? John was too drowsy to tell.
John broke off suddenly, breathing heavily, his hands gripping still more tightly. “Sherlock…”
“I’ll get it,” Molly said at once, and made to stand up.
Sherlock’s hands kept working him, teasing him softly with his bloody
“A relationship based solely on the President asserting what he wants, without a care for the disrespect he’s shown to…”
3. “Marseilles…It’s too small, sometimes. Sometimes I just need to feel like the world is bigger. Like the way it is here.”
John pulled back, and Sherlock released the breath he’d been holding. John’s breath was warm against his skin, little bursts of life in the chill.
Sherlock let the words hang in the air between them, waiting for John to speak. He was sure John must hear his heart hammering against his ribcage, even from across the room.
“Okay, you can stop there, thanks.” The director finally called out.
Sherlock tilted his chin up, leaning fully into the kiss, and reached up to gently take John’s shaking fingers and move them away. He then made quick work of his own buttons and tossed his shirt aside, then pulled John’s hands back to resume their path.
“We’re fine,” John said quickly. The orderly turned to him, and he gave what he hoped was a reassuring nod. “It’s alright, thank you.”
It was drizzling outside the windows – not the most festive Christmas Eve weather, but Sherlock didn’t care just now. He made his way into the sitting room, where John was standing there looking gorgeous in a grey button-up and dark jacket.
He heard his footsteps move along the carpet, and realized with a lurch of his stomach that they were moving towards him. He took a moment, steeled himself, then looked up.
“Why don’t you go take a shower,” Sherlock muttered, with a few quick, smaller kisses. “Loosen up your shoulder, and I’ll get everything ready?”
John scanned her once over. “I think you’re not surprised.”
“She’s in rehab.” John stared down at his hands as he spoke. “It’s…not the first time.”
work!
John stopped, halfway down, and froze in place.
John was currently holding the man by the hips against the pillar at the front of the set, pretending to thrust into him from behind. He was taller than John, and quite lean, with an impressive set of muscles evident underneath his tight button-up. He had sleek, dark hair that curled in tight ringlets around his head like a crown, and – John couldn’t help noticing as his fingers settled at a respectful distance from it – a lovely, round arse which was shown off nicely as he bent forward.
Sherlock bit his lip, playfully. “And I’m handsome too.”
“Ah, right.” Sherlock nodded. “My brother lives in Wandsworth.”
Sherlock pulled the collar of his coat tight around him. He darted off through a side street to avoid the main road, and weaved through a couple people milling about on the sidewalk.
That night, John lay on his back, staring up at the darkened ceiling.
“Yeah, mostly. I remember up until the ambulance – things get kinda dark after that.”
the captain?”
Sherlock pressed his knuckles of his left hand hard against his teeth, holding back the tide of his inevitable breakdown. Distantly, he was aware that the doctor was still talking, saying words he couldn’t hear. He closed his eyes and let the tears leak out, unhindered.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock breathed, a rough, wrecked sound.
The chilly air hit John as soon as he stepped out of the shower. He caught his breath as it surrounded him, making his wet skin break out into goosebumps. It had been colder than usual so far, for a London winter, with frost forming like tinsel on every window to reflect the warm reds and greens of the lights strung up all around them. John didn’t mind much, though – the heat in the flat wasn’t quite a match for it, but it was all the more incentive to have a fire crackling all the time, and just give in fully to the joyful, festive warmth of the season.
“Alright, what’s next?” Sherlock asked irritably.
Only an idiot like Sherlock.
, obviously,” he clenched his teeth. “I’m happy to do it, it’s just…”
“Yes. Fireplace.” Sherlock worked to keep his voice even; he was suddenly feeling the adrenaline himself, though whether from the case or from John’s sudden presence at his side he couldn’t be sure. “Consistent with the last reports.”
They were barely through Sherlock’s front door when they collided, falling against the wall of the entryway and hands scrabbling for anywhere they could reach. Sherlock’s mouth was everywhere, on John’s lips, his jaw, down his neck, and John clumsily shucked Sherlock’s coat off his shoulders, breathing hard and fast.
The telltale sound of the blade of a knife sweeping under the window pane echoed through the sitting room. Orlova stopped moving, but didn’t turn around. He grew silent, and Sherlock all but held his breath.
The feeling didn’t leave him throughout the rest of the meeting, even after John had handed out all the cups and left. The room felt unbearably hot as they wrapped up discussions of forthcoming bills and appearances, and even followed him into his office when it was all finally over.
A young woman opened the hundredth door, and Sherlock gave her his smile, grown weary.
He picked his way through waiting customers, zigzagging through tables toward the staircase, until –
But as he fled down the corridor, he caught snippets of conversation from another circle of students who had their heads together over a magazine.
“What?”
John fiddled absently with his phone in his pocket, and it buzzed with a call as soon as he’d turned it back on. He pulled it out, seeing the familiar number across the screen.
He opened his mouth, and for a moment looked like he was about to turn around and say something else, but paused before the words could come out.
He’d stepped back to get a better view of the Wall, and had only just noticed that John wasn’t in the room with him. Sherlock blinked around, puzzled – John’s coat was by the door and he’d texted just an hour ago to say he was back home – but a second or two later and Sherlock heard familiar footsteps coming down the stairs from the second floor.
He turned back to John. “I’ve got to go,” he said, apologetically.
“Yes, of course. Of course I’ll stay.” Sherlock smoothed his thumb over John’s closed eye. “I’ll be right here.”
Sherlock smiled, the smallest quirk of his lips, and he leaned in to close the last centimeter of space between them. The kiss was the barest brush of contact, Sherlock simply holding himself against John’s lips, chaste but lingering, and John didn’t move, content to absorb the reverence of that gentle touch, to feel that whisper of breath that flowed between them, almost fragile. Feel that quiet, familiar devotion that said
Inside him, the dam had burst open, and he had to clench his teeth to keep it from spilling out. He reached out and braced himself against the hood of the car, and stared off, beyond the space where Sherlock had disappeared, beyond where his last and greatest salvation had walked away from him, and he’d let him go without a word.
“I missed you so much.” Sherlock’s voice was scarcely a whisper, and shaking uncontrollably.
“I’m sorry to make you do all this.” The words came out in almost a whisper, thick with feeling.
fashionable,” he said, smirking. But his arm came to wrap around John’s back, too, and he was warm, and comfortable, and happy.
John looked down at Sherlock’s face, at the warmth in his eyes even through his concentration, and felt a warm tide of affection surge up from his chest and lodge in his throat. Just to have Sherlock here, tending to him so devotedly, so attentively, even to the point of dealing with his ridiculous sister, felt like more than John could ever have imagined he deserved. How this amazing man managed to do everything John needed,
.” He couldn’t even manage to roll his eyes. He was already laughing.
The sensation made a heavy weight rise up in John’s throat; it was everything he could do to swallow it back down again.
“I think I’ll be fine,” John said, softly. “I’ll probably go straight to sleep, honestly.”
” He handed him the sheet across the desk. “Take a look.”
A low guffaw burst from Sherlock’s throat, his mouth twisting endearingly as he tried to muffle it, and he sidestepped quickly in John’s direction to shove him playfully in the side.
John raced through the car park without looking back. The cab he’d taken here was parked at the edge near the street, the driver slumped in his seat with a magazine propped open on the steering wheel. John rapped on the window, and he jumped, then turned around and unlocked the door to let him scramble in.
“Ah,” he said, quietly. “Brilliant, thank you.”
” And her voice was shrill now, loud and harsh, her eyes manic. “It’ll
“Alright,” he said at last, quiet. “I’ll try.”
“Though that artwork was pretty awful.” Sherlock unbuttoned his cuffs and slipped his shirt off his shoulders, then undid his flies
He held out the package in his hand, and John burst into a low, throaty chuckle.
John wanted to remember that look as long as he lived – wanted to hold forever onto the moment when the love of his life held their future together in his hands with a breathless, enraptured longing that eclipsed everything else in the world.
He tilted his head marginally, nodding towards the rest of the group.
about her.
13. “What kind of an idiot doesn’t do copies?”
Even through his vision blurred with tears, John looked flayed open.
“Glories stream from heaven afar…”
John moved in close and kissed him, long and deep, wrapping his arms around his trim waist. Sherlock’s lips opened underneath his, smiling a little into it. His arm fell across John’s shoulders. It was a personal haven, carved out just for John.
“Bello,” he said, haltingly, indicating the view through the window. “Uh – bella, er, montagno –”
Panic was bubbling up in Sherlock’s throat, and he answered quietly so it wouldn’t explode out of him.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock whispered, a rough, wrecked sound. “I’ve been such a fool.”
Suddenly, it wasn’t enough. They weren’t close enough, weren’t touching with enough of their skin, and Sherlock needed
Even if it was only one, and then it would be gone for good.
“Well, I was there for a minute or two,” he said, and he was surprised at how quiet and unsure his own voice sounded. “But then…I had an epiphany.”
Sherlock blinked at his father for a second, then shook his head. “Whatever. There’s this big Christmas concert at the end of term, and John’s in it. And I thought, if I was in the band, and played absolutely
John nodded, looking him up and down where he stood.
Sherlock let out a guffaw that, to his own surprise, twisted his face into a smile. He allowed himself to enjoy it for the glorious second or two it lasted, before his lips pressed into a firm line and the momentum began building into something else at the back of his throat. He screwed his eyes shut and covered his mouth with his hand to prevent the sobs from escaping, feeling his cold wedding ring press into his skin like a white-hot brand.
“Oh,” he said, quietly – a small, almost surprised sound. “Well, I – thank you.”
John looks up, but the moonlight blinds him. He thinks he hears a shout, maybe a gunshot, but the well makes the sound echo into something indiscriminate. Sherlock’s up there somewhere, but he can’t see him.
Nice of them, John thought dimly. Maybe they could do the entire world next. Stop it from spinning. Just stop all of it.
He might have been the most beautiful man John had ever seen. Bright eyes, ebony hair curled in tight, flowing waves, sharp cheekbones and a strong jawline that gave him the impressive yet delicate look of some Byronic hero. He was tall, and wearing a long coat which only accentuated this, but it was unbuttoned and beneath it John could see a broad, strong chest and a slim waist clad in a sleek button-down shirt. John’s eyes raked his frame up and down, from his shoes to his gorgeous lips to the little mole on his neck, and his every faculty seemed to shut off in an instant, overtaken by Sherlock’s handsome figure. It was a good few seconds before he even realized he hadn’t yet spoken.
“Yes, I’m very busy and important, how can I help you?”
.” John’s lips were trembling too, his eyes shining brightly as they held all of Sherlock under their spell. “I love you so much, Sherlock.”
“Oh, no,” he murmured, letting his eyes fall closed. John’s face swam before them, handsome and smiling. “That is so inconvenient.”
“Oh, Sherlock…”
“None.” John felt a bright glow radiate up from his chest and warm him to the core as Sherlock pressed a kiss to his hairline.
“You made
John let out a little
“John…” Sherlock’s voice was little more than a bitten-off gasp.
Sherlock gave Magnussen a little nod, then stepped out through the door.
– Sherlock’s hands were lithe and dextrous, and they searched every muscle for knots, any hint of stiffness. They rubbed long passes all along the length of his back, then slowly worked from the top of his neck downward. They dug in everywhere, leaving no part of him unattended to.
John’s smile widened, which deepened the lines around his mouth, but somehow, only made him look more youthful.
“Who?”
“Alright?” Sherlock asked.
Those three words. That’s it. Three words, not even spoken to him but to his reflection, though there was no doubt in John’s mind who they were for. Three words he’d spent days and nights imagining in that voice, and still been unprepared. Still couldn’t have imagined how he would breathe them out like the most blessed of prayers and the most sacred of confessions.
John pulled his coat tighter around him, and made a beeline for the nearest cab. His breath was coming out in thick, opaque clouds. He fumbled with the handle with his rapidly numbing fingers, and slid himself into the warmth of the backseat with a grateful sigh.
Staring up at John from the paper was his own face, wrapped up in Harry’s overlong scarf and smiling. The likeness was better than perfect – he looked younger, and happier, and somehow the coarse pencil markings carried the love he’d been casting in Sherlock’s direction all evening.
Panic seized Sherlock’s insides again. No,
(See the end of the chapter for
Everything in the room seemed to go silent.
as attentive–”
And John leaned in, and Sherlock met him, and the kiss was deep and slow and perfect.
The last shot of the day was on the bed again. Sherlock was pretending to fuck John’s face. John’s mind was reeling like mad and everything on the set was a bit chaotic all around him, but his excitement couldn’t be contained anymore. He had to say something to him.
some lovely women in America –”
Sherlock looked John up and down for a moment, considering, then nodded. “I’ll ring the hospital and get a new prescription. The chemists will be open – will you be alright if I go now?”
John hummed, blissful contentment unspooling all through his body, fueling his arousal. He pressed his hips up higher, needing more friction, needing more heat. Their cocks slid together, gloriously, and John’s breath hitched.
” Sherlock barked out, eyes wide. “What do you mean? Where is he?”
John tapped away at his keyboard, listening to the sounds of Sherlock puttering around the sitting room.
John Watson, needed him so badly, not just to complete the puzzle but to fill in all the broken pieces of himself that couldn’t exist apart from him anymore. Two weeks was an eternity to be away from him, and Sherlock couldn’t stand it a second longer. He had to touch him, to hold some part of him, if only in some innocent, subtle way that could be hidden from view until they could be together properly again.
Sherlock drops his gun and his breath explodes out of him.
The drive back felt eons longer than the drive out. John kept up a semi-lighthearted conversation with Lestrade throughout most of it, though mainly because he felt compelled to, feeling far less comfortable than he sounded. Sherlock, of course, hardly contributed, mostly silent behind the wheel, and John talked to distract himself from what hung in the space between them, that heavy undeniable tension that refused to dissipate even as they left Dartmoor far behind them.
Through the crowd, Sherlock spotted John hanging out near the back; his eyes were glued to the radio like everyone else’s, the wrinkled skin under his eyes growing more pronounced with anticipation as the seconds ticked by.
“Thank you,” John said. Then inspiration struck, and he seized the plate carrying his last croissant.
His knuckles were white against the sink – he relaxed them enough to realize that he was shivering, although he couldn’t feel it. He turned the water off and watched the stray droplets run down the basin.
Mycroft turned his head to look at him straight on. His eyebrows were raised almost imperceptibly. “It wasn’t yours, either, Sherlock.”
“Oh?” Sam said. John heard him sit up.
back in – for a bruising kiss, and John’s heart filled to the brim and spilled over. He dove in without restraint, tightening his arms across Sherlock’s back, and kissed him long, hard, and jubilant, kissed them both breathless and gasping, kissed his own bursting soul into Sherlock’s gorgeous lips.
It didn’t make sense. John’s mind had spun as he pulled on his jacket, trying to fathom a reason for it. It was just a holiday to the States, what could go so wrong? But still, whatever it was, it had silenced him, and he’d found no desire to needle Sherlock about it anymore.
“Shhh, it’s alright.” A dangerous hitch sounded in Sherlock’s voice. “It doesn’t matter, just stay with me, just keep breathing–”
John held the note, even and perfect. Sherlock gave a little vibrato to the note he was sustaining, letting John’s voice ring out in gorgeous harmony.
“’m fine,” Sherlock said. “You’re warm.”
back, soon enough. Still, the fact that it had been since the night before he’d been stabbed that they’d made love – nearly two and a half weeks now – wasn’t exactly helpful to the situation.
John’s laughter petered out; he rubbed his thumb tenderly over Sherlock’s fingers where they held him.
He felt his face flush again. It was a bit transparent, showing off like this, but then, Sherlock’s eyebrows were raised with interest, and he looked happy for a chat…
“I really should do copies,” he said, and struck out again.
“Two hours and we could get there twice,” Sherlock said, his voice deeper than John had ever heard it.
“…So tender and mild…”
1. “Have you ever considered a career as a singer?”
18. “Or give me fifty percent of the profits.”
Christmas Eve, and the school car park was packed. Parents, children, extended families were flooding into the auditorium for the end-of-term concert, some of them carrying instruments, others homemade costumes for the nativity play. Sherlock was thrumming with nerves, his heart pounding so loudly he was sure everyone around his could hear it. His eyes darted around the slow-moving crowd, searching for a shock of blond hair…
Mrs. Hudson chuckled merrily, and Sherlock sat back in his chair and cradled his cup in both hands. He let the conversation wash over him as it continued on to whatever mundane topic occurred to the three of them – Mycroft did little more than nod occasionally, and Sherlock could only half-listen and half-respond when it seemed like he was being addressed. It wasn’t long before they graciously left him alone – apparently coming to the realization that as much as he needed them right now, he was very much unable to chat – and Sherlock stared into his cup and let the modulations of their voices soothe him as much as they could.
“Right, let’s go again,” Sherlock said. John nodded back and retreated away from the glass, and the track started up again.
And then the knot twisted tighter at an even worse thought – that maybe Magnussen’s attentions
Sherlock gave a low, appreciative moan. “John…”
And John drifted off, wondering if maybe Sherlock needed to know that even more than he did.
He didn’t know how long they stayed there; hours, maybe, or days. Maybe it was next Christmas Eve by the time they finally broke apart again. All he knew was that the chasm in his chest had long gone now, and the tears had dried on his face by the time he drew back with a wavering smile.
Sherlock kept his arms stretched out, reaching out behind Dad and holding them steady in triumph. He was flying.
“The odd thing is, I don’t even miss her all that much,” John sighed. He tensed up a bit as he passed a large lorry, then relaxed again. “I mean, I knew I probably wasn’t gonna marry her, but…I don’t know. I guess I was less attached than I thought. After I found out and the shock had worn off, I just sort of felt – relieved.”
“’m not moving,” Sherlock muttered, wearily.
“Dad!” Sherlock shouted, bursting in and making his father jump in his chair. “I have a plan!”
He suddenly seemed to notice the hush that had fallen over the room, and straightened up, his eyes darting around until they landed on John – and froze.
John smiled, and Sherlock couldn’t help but mirror him a bit. It always felt like a gift when he pushed out of their burnout enough to smile at him like that.
The young man stood up. “Mr. President, has it been a good visit?”
“Not even,” Dad said, beseechingly, “to let the boy say goodbye to the love of his life?”
relieved – he really had no idea what they could have talked about, after all – but if anyone had asked, Sherlock wouldn’t have been able to deny just how lonely the silence made him. It wasn’t just the flat that was too quiet now; even the Yard seemed to have lost its usual bustling quality, and criminals he chased down seemed to come in without any fight or protest. It was as if the world was picking off anything that might distract him from the pain. All he could do was sit alone, in the quiet, staring it straight in the face.
Mycroft had called them. He’d called them because he was the one who kept his head and took care of things when Sherlock couldn’t, and sure enough Sherlock hadn’t done anything since it happened but sit here uselessly, unable to even string together a coherent sentence in his mind.
Sherlock smiled wide, and almost at that exact moment John heard the click of the kettle switching itself off from the kitchen.
“Probably.” Sherlock’s mouth was twitching, amused. John noticed suddenly how full his lips were.
, now John, please,” Sherlock whimpered in reply, his unsteady hand gripping John’s arse more firmly, urging him to move.
John looked downward to see Sherlock holding out a small box he had been concealing in his other hand behind his back. It was simple and black, without any label, and tied up with a red silk ribbon.
“Thank you,” he said, in English.
“Yeah,” John breathed. He wasn’t sure he could say anything else just now; just that whisper of a touch made his skin tingle in anticipation. He settled his hands on Sherlock’s broad shoulders, the warmth of him grounding John, giving him something to hold on to.
Sherlock buttoned his suit jacket and gave them his best Humble-and-Professional smile, worked to perfection to convey a deepest sense of duty and patriotism. He lifted his hand and gave them a brief wave, sweeping the crowd side to side once. That should satisfy them well enough. He turned away, ignoring their desperate shouts of “over here, Prime Minister!”
John turned and tugged on Sherlock’s hand, and Sherlock let himself be pulled along in his wake.
“Shh.” John rubbed his thumbs soothingly over Sherlock’s hips, and bent to kiss the head of his cock through his pants. “I know, love, I know. I’m gonna make you feel
John cocked his head in disbelief, and Sherlock backtracked reluctantly. “Alright, obviously I can’t be entirely sure, but it’s the most likely scenario given the parties at play.” John still looked dubious, so Sherlock sighed and went on. “Look – Orlova is our mark, John. This might be the only chance we have for years to catch Sokolov in the act. We have a fairly good idea of where she’ll be and when, and the police here, though astoundingly idiotic, have a good chance of taking her with a strategic plan of attack. Yes, it’s risky, but this woman is a
John cried out sharply, lurching toward Sherlock and pulling him closer with the arm still wrapped around his shoulders. Sherlock grinned against his skin, sucking slightly and lapping it with his tongue, relishing the desperate sounds John was making above him. He kissed the yellowing mark he had made, and then continued his path downward, getting to work on the buttons of John’s shirt as he went. He pulled the front of it open and snaked his arms inside, hands roaming up and down the glorious planes of John’s back as he worked his lips down his chest.
“Sherlock Holmes?”
, that’s good enough.” John was aware that he was babbling, and somehow couldn’t have cared less. “I’m ready, Sherlock, please come
“It’s a terrible song, John.” Sherlock was still staring straight ahead. “This is never going to work.”
A small smile tugged at Sherlock’s lips as he swept off his coat and sat down with the suspect’s file, imagining that he could feel the warmth radiating off John’s body as he leaned in over Sherlock’s shoulder to read it.
Sherlock stared up at the attendant. He knew how stricken he must look, and hoped maybe that could persuade him.
“Think about it, for all our sakes,” Sarah said, a bit kinder now. “It’s Christmas.”
And before he knew what he was doing, he’d stood up. His legs were stiff from sitting, and they trembled a little.
“Fantastic.” The corner of John’s mouth turned up into a smirk; despite the circumstances, he was enjoying this, too. “So that’s our mark then? The Orlova kingpin?”
“Um.”
.” He shook his head again, something like mirth in the thin line of his lips. “I’m sorry, sir.”
he whimpered, his back arching into the movement of Sherlock’s hips. “God, Sherlock, I l-love you…”
“So, Sherlock,” barked the show’s host, Mike, a few minutes later, when Sherlock had settled himself in the chair behind the microphone. “Welcome back to the airwaves! You’ve got a new Christmas single, a cover of ‘Love is all Around
“John…” Sherlock’s voice was just as raspy, his breath just as heavy. “John…”
“Absolutely.” The woman nodded fiercely, staring daggers down at her son. “I assure you he’ll be grounded for some time, after this one.”
John stared at the empty doorway for a while after he left. Conflicting emotions were crowding into his heart – relief, affection, concern, anxiety – all vying for attention and making him reel with confusion. He wished he didn’t feel so
Then he let out a heavy sigh, and reached out to grab the phone again.
flat?” Sherlock asked, shortly.
to London on Christmas Eve had been near impossible, even in the early hours of the morning when he’d left. He’d had to come directly from the airport, and he was shivering slightly with the cold, his body feeling exhausted even though his mind had never been more awake.
“What?” John rolled his eyes with a sigh.
“Yes, it’s
Mycroft was just close enough for Sherlock to detect his sardonic grin out of the corner of his eye.
Dad just chuckled. “Alright, alright.” He gave Sherlock’s shoulder a squeeze. “Knock ‘em dead, kiddo.”
He closed the door behind him, leaning on the handle.
John had blurted out a yes before Sherlock had even gotten the question out, and soon he found himself squashed into a tiny sitting room surrounded by merry celebrators on all sides, with his arm around Sherlock’s back like they’d been together all their lives, and it couldn’t have felt more perfect.
Harry sat on the low sofa in the lounge, arms crossed over her chest. She was in her pyjamas. A couple other people were shambling around in the hallways beyond, but not many. It was late.
Up to his chin.
“You’re amazing,” Sherlock murmured, his eyes flickering over him in unconcealed awe. “God, look at you…look at you…”
“Hey, I’ve got exciting news,” John said, looking over at Sherlock in the back of the cab they were sharing.
John’s jaw clenched, involuntarily.
“Are you singing carols?” the girl shouted before he could leave.
“I hope it’s useful,” he said, lowly.
John felt the thing in his belly coil up tighter, and hotter.
can’t –
Sherlock held him there for a moment; his nose was pressed lightly into John’s hair, breathing him in. “I should start on dinner.”
But when he moved back toward the door to the sitting room, left the tiniest bit ajar, he heard a low voice trickle out of it.
“David Beckham’s right foot!” he carried on, then paused. “David Beckham’s
Now another shot, of them still outside. John saying something to Mary, but only a sliver of her could be seen. John’s face was filling up the shot.
elaborate, for one thing. Tall ceilings supported by marble pillars. Gold gilding on the patterned walls. On the far wall was a massive set of floor-to-ceiling windows, flanked by sheer, fluttering curtains. One end of the set was taken up by a huge, canopied bed with a lush mattress and white sheets; on the other end, a claw-footed chair of green velvet, with a fur throw blanket draped over the side. Scattered here and there were carved end tables, where ornate vases filled with bright flowers sat, or else pieces of carved stone artwork.
“Alright?” Sherlock asked, gently. His finger traced lightly down John’s perineum, swirling around his entrance and sending a shiver coursing up through John’s body.
” John said earnestly, his voice wrecked. “I promise, I won’t ever,
, son, I think it’s
“Why don’t you come upstairs in about ten seconds?” John murmured.
It was John again, carrying a tray this time, and coming into the office slowly, like he was unsure if he was allowed.
“I – um –,” Sherlock was stammering out.
“Anyway,” Julie chimed in. “How can we help, sir?”
“Of course,” John went on. “I don’t expecting you to be as foolish as me. And of course I prediction you say no…”
John had left – no, John had
me, and you don’t even fucking care, do you, you don’t even want to
The ringing noise grew louder, and suddenly Sherlock realized it was coming not from inside his ears, but from his mobile phone buzzing in his trouser pocket.
John turned his face away from the DI, but Sherlock distinctly heard the snicker he tried to muffle with his coat collar.
John sighed softly, his expression filled with such tenderness it was unbearable, and he drew Sherlock up toward him to kiss him once more, slow and deep and warm.
The woman nodded, baffled, and Sherlock took his chance to disappear from the doorway.
“Di’s brother works there, she called in a favour.” John was close enough now that Sherlock could see the emotion swimming in his eyes. “I’m sorry, I should have just told you, I know, but – I never thought you would think –”
,” Sam said from behind him. He pulled off his jacket, and it dripped water over the floor as he tramped over to hang it up. “Joanna sounds amazing. Wait till you hear her, you won’t believe it.”
Alright. One down. How many left to go?
Sherlock felt his own lips twitching upward of their own accord.
seemed more tempting by the minute. Who cared if it was stupid, or ridiculous? He was young, and stuck halfway through Uni with no one by his side, and he was itching for some adventure. And who knows, maybe he’d actually be right about the American girls. Maybe this was what he’d been missing the whole time.
The rain had stopped when they got back to Baker Street, and Sherlock shook the last of the dampness from his shoes as he followed John upstairs. John slipped out of his coat and sighed happily as he wandered into the sitting room, perfectly at ease. Sherlock felt completely empty.
“He is, isn’t he?” Sherlock’s eyes were roving casually around the back wall, lost in thought. “I can’t understand why he’s not married.”
John faltered, but bit back his words. From the sitting room, around the corner and obscured from view, Mary’s voice called out.
being serious when I said I didn’t know where it was.” Sherlock was fighting to keep his voice even. Why hadn’t he just told him he’d deleted it in the first place? “I can have a look round tonight, but –”
“Thank God,” John said, stepping in and drawing out two takeout containers. He passed one to Sherlock. “You’d have broken my heart if you’d made me eat this alone.”
“Oh God…”
“You’re gonna marry me,” John breathed.
The cold knocks all sense of direction from him for a moment and his mind whirls to remember which way John was – he can’t see anything, can’t hear, can only feel, and that’s fading fast. His heart is still in his chest. Maybe its stopped. Sherlock doesn’t care. He tears and claws at the water until his hands land on fabric, on skin, and then he’s wrapping his arms around a strong chest and hauling up, up, up.
“Probably best, anyway,” he muttered. “It’s what I came here for. That, and to get away from my ex-girlfriend.”
“Yeah…” John managed in a low whine. His hips were bearing down onto Sherlock’s fingers seemingly of their own accord. “Love…”
He sprinted along, past all the shops, the straggling travellers, rows and rows of seats. He heard voices behind him shouting for him to stop, but he didn’t have time to turn around and see how many were chasing him. He turned down a long hallway, following the signs,
“I’ve never seen this man before in my life,” Mycroft said, bitingly, to his father.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m John,” he said, re-centering his smile.
That would have to come later, though. Instead, he just let out the softest of sighs, and hoped John could read everything he was thinking in the depths of his gaze.
John scowled a bit as he drifted towards consciousness. He knew he shouldn't complain; he'd been a quarter of an inch of that knife away from not being here at all. Still, doctors do always make the worst patients, John thought dimly.
“Bloody
He placed the cup of tea and the plate laden with a few chocolate biscuits on Sherlock’s other side, away from his paperwork.
“Did you ever have this problem?” Sherlock asked her.
Well. This would just have to do for now.
He projected his voice out over the sea of people in black. He sort of hated the way he sounded. Prepared. Artificial.
The clock ticked by slowly on the wall next to him, and John tapped unhurriedly at his keyboard. He wasn’t really working on anything. In his office, Sherlock had straightened his back, stretching his shoulders upward. John drank the sight in through greedy snatches, wishing there wasn’t so much empty space between them. Wishing he could reach out.
“Mycroft!” he shouted over his shoulder. “Come here, there’s a man at the door. He wants to marry you!”
“Sherlock?” he breathed to the space at large, his eyes darting back and forth.
“Well,” Sherlock said, finally.
“Well,” he said slowly, “you
of a paper trail.”
John dreaded going to work now. Every time he walked into the office, he was the first thing he saw – hunched over his desk, immaculately gorgeous as ever, and never looking up.
“Oh, oh love…” John whined; he barely knew what he was saying anymore. He was dimly aware that his legs had fallen open, that he was clutching at Sherlock’s back and gasping breathlessly against his lips, but his entire body seemed to be aware of only the aching, desperate
