“That’s very demanding,” Steve says. “But I guess you deserve it.”
“Yeah,” Steve sighs, closing his eyes and tipping his forehead until it’s resting against Tony’s. “I just missed you so much.”
“It’s fine,” Steve says before he shakes his head. “I mean it’s not, obviously it’s not, but that’s not because of you.”
“Nicest date I’ve ever had,” Steve says, twirling the pasta on his fork. “Not that, well, people weren’t exactly lining up to date me back in the day.”
“No, but really, where did you learn it?”
Tony does end up having to tap out after the linework and shading gets finished, and they make an arrangement for him to come back in two weeks when he should be healed enough for Steve to start adding colour to it.
Taking the praise happily, Tony pulls off for a moment before he gets back to work, the weight of Steve’s cock in his mouth making his own cock impossibly hard. Ignoring the pressure in his pants, he swallows Steve down and concentrates on finding all the ways to make Steve fall apart. Tony quickly picks up on the fact Steve’s got a sensitive spot on the underside of his cock that makes him squirm when Tony presses his tongue against it, and he gets a drawn out noise from Steve when he lightly trails a finger along his balls that makes Tony proud.
“And then he ran away,” Tony says. “I know, I saw.”
Loud gunfire from the tv makes Tony press his face against Steve’s chest like he’s trying to ignore it, but Steve can hear the tick of Tony’s heartbeat picking up as he slowly awakens. Steve tries to hold still, his eyes fixed on watching John and Holly reuniting as Tony smushes his face against Steve’s pec.
“Seven?”
“Yeah,” Steve says, swallowing and shifting on the couch, his pants uncomfortably tight. “Hydra. Right.”
Steve rubs their noses together before kissing Tony again. “Yeah,” he says, lips brushing over Tony’s mouth. “I’d—if you want to do it, I’d like that.”
“Guess it would depend on the book,” Tony says, meeting Steve’s eyes. They’re ridiculously blue, and Tony finds himself struggling to look away before it gets awkward. “So,” he says, clearing his throat. “Friday?”
They say their goodbyes, and Tony drops the phone on the bedside table before turning his attention to Steve. “Morning,” he says, running his hand through Steve’s hair. “Sorry about that.”
Steve pauses as he puts the mug back on the table. “Uh. Eat?”
“You know I do,” Tony says, trying to rock his hips, wanting the friction against his cock, wanting his ass spanked raw, wanting everything Steve is willing to give him. “Steve,” he gasps, pushing back against Steve’s hand that’s keeping him in place. “
“Of course we’re not,” Tony says, hands gripping Steve’s shoulders. “Tried it once, not that great. But you could kiss me a little.”
“What?”
Instinctively wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist, Steve smiles up at him. “Thank you,” he says. “We can leave the shoot as it is, it’s okay. But maybe—” Steve hesitates. “I think I’d like to do something for kids of immigrants.”
He won’t. He won’t.
“Rude.”
“Yeah,” Tony says softly, tilting his hips a little. “This body definitely hasn’t done this before.”
Steve laughs despite himself. “I’d hope that if I were crawling into bed with you, I’d be doing something other than crying.”
Steve lets out a low laugh before he presses his hand against Tony’s skin. “Here we go.”
Steve laughs, lowering the bowl and leaning in, pressing a quick kiss against Tony’s mouth. “Later, then.”
“Uh huh,” Steve says, hiding a smile behind the rim of his mug. “You hate me, I know.”
“What?”
“There’s a jug in the cupboard to your left,” JARVIS says. “And may I say it’s good to see you again, Lieutenant Rogers.”
“Thanks, JARVIS,” Steve says, leaning against the wall as the elevator starts to move. “Looking forward to seeing him as well.”
“Uh huh,” Steve says, sliding a palm over Tony’s stomach and rubbing gently. “How’s your head now?”
“You’re gorgeous like this,” Tony says as he strokes Steve’s cock. “Squirming on the bed, so desperate to come.”
“Daycare in the building,” Tony says. “Flew them out when the firefighters couldn’t get to them. Steve will you just—on your hip, you can balance her on your hip.”
“Interesting,” the man says as Tony grits his teeth and tries not to show a reaction. “You’ll break. Eventually.”
Tony’s face softens and he takes a few steps towards Steve, sliding the car seat handle to the crook of his elbow. “Hi,” he says in a soft voice to the baby, who gives him a gummy grin in return. “How about we show Steve here how to get you comfortable?”
They don’t talk long, just enough for Morgan to make sure her dad is still around, and Tony to be reassured she’s okay without him for the moment, but it’s enough time for Steve to start to stir. Tony’s worried for a moment about how he’ll explain Steve’s presence to Morgan, but Steve doesn’t say a word, just shoves the pillow he was cuddling out of the way and scoots closer to Tony, draping an arm over Tony’s legs and resting his head against Tony’s hip.
“Five more,” Steve says, leaning down and pressing kisses up the length of Tony’s spine until he reaches his neck. “Can you take it?”
Shit.
“I’ll tell whoever I want to tell,” Steve says, raising an eyebrow.
Steve’s mouth is so fucking warm, and Tony can’t even push up into it because Steve’s got his hand pressed against Tony’s hip, enough of a weight to keep him still. He’s completely at Steve’s mercy, and all Tony can do is go with it. The slick wet heat of Steve’s mouth is a goddamn revelation to Tony, and he almost wants to know how Steve got so damn good at sucking cock, but then Steve does something with his tongue and it’s all Tony can do to stop himself coming embarrassingly quickly.
“Wasn’t asleep,” Steve says. “Natasha came to see me and said she, well, said she’d look into Bucky for me, and now I—”
“No,” Tony interrupts. “Sorry. Ugh. Ignore me until I’ve had a gallon of coffee.” He stares up at the ceiling, contemplating what lies ahead for him. “Fuck, I hate this,” he says eventually. “Standing in front of cameras, talking about the Stark legacy as if I haven’t been actively trying to dismantle that legacy since you helped me find out what Obie was doing.”
Steve smiles before tentatively moving his hips, his gaze fixed on how Tony’s eyes widen. “Yeah,” Steve says, shifting for a better angle, his own eyes fluttering closed for a moment as he feels Tony tighten around him. “Mine,” he says, leaning down and kissing Tony as he slowly moves his hips, pulling almost all the way out before slamming back in.
“You said you could come without being touched,” Steve says, letting Tony’s legs slide down from his shoulders as he leans over him, Tony’s legs instinctively wrapping around Steve’s torso. “Were you lying?”
“You’ll get to shove Greek food in your mouth soon,” Natasha says, seamlessly slipping in back at his side. “Is this about Bucky?”
“She’s—”
,” Tony moans as Steve’s fingers brush against his hole. “Steve, I—”
It feels like being pushed under water over and over again, like not being able to catch his breath, and it’s only the fear of sending himself into a panic attack and choking on his own damn tongue that gets him to calm down.
“I think maybe it would be easier with a friend,” Steve says before he looks up. There’s the smallest hint of a smile on Tony’s face, and that gives Steve a little bit of confidence.
“Tony said the same thing,” Steve says, leaning against the doorframe. “But if Bucky’s alive, even if—I have to find him. I have to
“Call it curiosity,” Steve says, setting his jaw. “I wanted to know who in SHIELD could be trusted.”
“Might have to make an appointment,” Sam says. “Trust me, if we could fit you in today, I would, but this will take some time.”
“Really can’t sleep?”
“It seems like a pretty big coincidence,” Steve says, raising an eyebrow. “From what I remember about Rhodey, he wouldn’t have you live somewhere he hadn’t thoroughly researched, and it’s not like I was hiding.”
“You’re not on shift?”
“No, I—it’s fine,” Tony says, watching the coffee filter through the machine. “It was a private clinic in New England. Quiet. Small. Which is what I needed.”
“You have me.”
“Taking me so well, sweetheart,” Steve says, running his hands all along Tony’s body, one gripping the back of Tony’s neck. “Always do, like you were made for me.” With a grunt, Steve bottoms out, his crotch snugly against Tony’s ass. “Perfect.”
Steve picks up the last box under the tree and starts to open it, feeling Tony’s eyes on him. It’s got some heft to it, and the reveal of a plain box under the wrapping paper piques Steve’s curiosity. When he finally gets it open, he sucks in a breath. “Tony,” he whispers. “What—”
“I’m guessing this was on the list?”
“Tony.”
“Generally a road trip doesn’t involve a private plane,” Steve says, leaning back in his chair. “But sure.”
“Oh,” Steve says, this broken sound that Tony doesn’t think he’s ever heard come out of Steve’s mouth before. “I can—I’ll—”
“Yep.”
“Hi,” Steve says, his face like he’s seen a ghost, which. Fair. “Tony, I thought—”
“Sorry,” Steve says, walking over and tilting Tony’s head to check he hasn’t seriously injured himself. “No blood, you’re good.”
“With the washing me or the asking me to move in?”
Going down in the ice wasn’t easy, but when he made that choice, he didn’t have to see the fallout for the people around him. The ones he spent every day with in the war, the people he loved and cared for. He didn’t have to live with the knowledge of causing that pain.
“Five more,” Steve says quietly. “Then I’m gonna fuck you.”
“It’s not the shoot,” Steve says. “Not really, it’s—” he breaks off and runs a hand through his hair. “You know, after seventy years in the ice I thought maybe I’d wake up to a more tolerant society, but people still think there’s some kind of American ideal, and they think I’m it because of the way I look. They don’t realise my parents were Irish, that Ma had her accent until the day she died. No one ever asks about her.”
Bucky slashes at Steve with his knife and Steve jumps back, watching as Natasha fires off her bites at Bucky. Those hit him, but Bucky barely reacts, ripping them from his neck and throwing them to the ground. Tony’s still firing blasts at Bucky, but it’s like Bucky’s seen a pattern and is dodging them with more accuracy than before. A gun gets pulled out, and Bucky starts firing. Steve’s just about to jump back in when he feels a blast to his side, hears Tony yelling in his ear and—.
“Yeah,” Steve says. He kisses Tony’s fingertips as they pass over his mouth. “I don’t know what to do.”
Tony reluctantly pulls away from Steve’s neck and shifts until he can meet Steve’s gaze. “What?”
The first time it happened, Steve had stood there in shock as Tony hoisted the baby in his arms, cuddling him close and laughing as the kid grabbed at his sunglasses. Steve hadn’t heard Tony laugh like that before, and he was spellbound. Tony kisses their cheeks and lets them gnaw on his fingers, doesn’t mind when they drool on his expensive suits, and Steve—Steve just doesn’t know what to do with that.
Tony shakes his head before he finishes his coffee, putting the mug on the ground. “Enough reminiscing,” he says, getting up. “Gifts.”
Steve’s hand grips Tony’s cock firmly, and Tony groans when he realises that Steve’s using his own come to jerk Tony off. “Not gonna last,” Tony says. “Please, I—
Sliding his fingers inside Tony, Steve shakes his head. “If you’d worn this in front of other people I would’ve got us arrested,” Steve says, slowly fucking Tony with his fingers. “Wouldn’t have been able to resist taking you as soon as I saw you.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, brushing their noses together when the kiss breaks. “We’re going to have fun.”
By the time there’s a tentative knock at the door, Tony’s changed into jeans and a nicer shirt than he wore for Mrs Davies, and he steadies himself before walking over to the door. Tony opens it to find Steve standing there with a bunch of sunflowers in his hands, jeans clinging to his thighs, a soft looking henley stretched over his shoulders, and all Tony wants to do is jump him.
“You do?”
Steve picks up his mug again and relaxes back into the couch, watching Tony’s eyes light up as he flicks through the list FRIDAY’s sent him. He’s not entirely sure what this means for his Christmas, but he thinks he can stop Tony from going too far. He’s just not sure he wants to.
“It was,” Tony says, looking up from the machine. “Some people think there’s a big come to Jesus moment after hitting rock bottom, but that’s bullshit. At least, it was bullshit for me,” he says, grabbing some mugs and pouring the coffee in. “I hit rock bottom so many times I could’ve racked up frequent flyer miles. I—I had to make the choice for myself. Which I did, eventually.”
“I know,” Tony blurts out. “I know,” he repeats, quietly. Taking a breath he looks at Steve standing there, waiting for an answer and the realisation hits him like a lightning bolt. “I do,” he says. “I trust you.”
Steve notices Natasha and Clint approaching and he holds up a hand to stop them. “Quinjet,” he says. “We’re going home.”
“My twink ass appreciated it,” Tony says. “But I might need a break before we go another round.”
The gag in his mouth is soaked with his blood, and the metallic taste hits the back of his throat with every swallow. It hasn’t been taken off him in the time he’s been there, not even to let him eat. Not that he’s been fed. The man slowly pours water through the fabric, soaking it just enough that Tony stays alive, and Tony despises how fucking grateful he has to be for that.
Steve does, and this time it’s not tentative at all, it’s a kiss like Tony remembers it, with Steve giving everything he has. Tony slides his hands around Steve’s waist, trying to pull him closer, and suddenly all he wants to do is wrap his legs around Steve and make him walk them to the nearest flat surface. Instead, he breaks the kiss, his hands resting on Steve’s hips, and Tony sighs. “Fuck,” he breathes out. “I didn’t mean—”
“Where did you end up for rehab?” Steve asks as he washes the dishes, having insisted on doing so since Tony cooked. “If you want to tell me.”
Steve waits until she’s out of view before he rubs a hand over his face and ducks back into his room. Tugging on a sweater, Steve wonders what he’s doing before shaking his head and heading to the kitchen on the communal floor. It’s a large room, bright and airy, with every kitchen gadget known to man and, knowing Tony, probably ones that aren’t. There’s a heavy wooden table for them all to sit at that Steve happens to know Tony’s reinforced to stand up to Steve and Thor’s strength, and that’s where he finds Tony. There’s a mug in front of him with some holographic blueprints in the air, and for a moment Steve just stands there and watches the way Tony’s hands move as he works.
“Thank you,” Tony says, the words sounding awkward in his mouth. “So. Do you want to keep hashing over my problems, or do you want dinner?”
“Thank you,” Steve says, a pleased look on his face. “You said you healed up okay, can I see?”
“I swear to god, Rogers—” is all Tony manages to get out before Steve’s kissing him, and he smiles into it, reaching up to tangle his hands in Steve’s hair. It’s an awkward angle, but he can taste the mango that Steve was eating earlier, the slight salt on his lips from his dips in the ocean, and it’s so goddamn close to perfect.
“Happy now?” Tony asks, crossing his arms over his chest.
“Yeah, but—”
“I don’t care about that,” Steve says. “You’re the person who’s made this century feel most like home, and, before you start thinking it, I’m not doing this because I think I owe you, or whatever your brain will cook up, I just—I like you, Tony. And I want to see where this goes.”
“I have a stylist,” Tony says with a shrug. “It took some persuading that we wouldn’t wear them where people could see, but she couriered them over this morning.”
“Not yet,” Steve says, looking around at the agents already there sweeping the park. “My guess is SHIELD are taking care of that end.”
There’s a slight flush across Steve’s cheeks. “It’s not just that,” he says, hauling Tony to his feet, pulling him close until their bodies are right up against each other and Tony can feel Steve’s erection pressing against him. “I can tell what you want.”
“Sure,” Steve says. “But it would’ve still hurt. A lot. I wanted to call you sometimes, but if you’d been high, I would’ve wanted to come back to try and help you, and that—”
The modern world isn’t much better, people ask all the time if he can hold their babies for photos, and Steve still doesn’t know how to say no without offending them. It’s easier when Tony’s with him. Tony
“Yeah,” Tony says, offering Steve a smile. “I think that’s probably true.”
“You’ve got me,” Tony says, his fingers playing with Steve’s hair at the nape of his neck. “You, uh. So. Thing is, depending on what age I am exactly, I—not that it matters because God knows you and I have more than made up for it, but—”
“Postponing it?” Tony suggests, pushing up on his bare toes to brush his lips over Steve’s curving mouth. “If you’re okay with that?”
They’re on another visit to the local children’s hospital, and it’s going fine, generally. No one’s shoved a baby in his arms, anyway, and he’s comfortable sitting at a low table and doing art with the older kids. Looking up from his half finished outline of The Hulk for the kids to colour in, Steve realises Tony’s not in the room anymore. Quickly finishing it up and putting it on the table for the kids to attack, Steve stands up and walks over to one of the volunteers.
“Is it a bad thing?”
“Your stubbornness will be the death of me,” Tony says, a smile on his face that Steve’s never seen before. “I’m too tired to argue with you. Dinner, tomorrow?”
“Is she?”
“You know, Tony’s still up,” Natasha says as she turns to walk away.
“You—” Tony scrambles to follow him, almost falling into Steve’s lap. “You’re going to be trouble.”
Steve’s already exhausted at the thought of it. He sits back and watches the city pass him by, wondering how the hell he ended up in this position.
“No, you weren’t.” A sad look crosses Peggy’s face and she reaches over to hold Tony’s hand. “I am sorry, Tony, that I wasn’t around more.”
Steve groans as Natasha throws him on the mat, his hands automatically coming up to block her strike to his face before he pushes her off him. When he gets to his feet, he faces off with her, and Steve would swear there’s almost a smile on Natasha’s face.
“Love you like this,” Steve says, nudging Tony’s face with his own, placing a soft kiss against Tony’s cheek, the corner of his mouth. “Love you in all your ways, but like this you’re so blissed out I can see it on your face. Beautiful.”
“Bucky, yeah,” Steve says against Tony’s neck. “He’s missing an arm, and there’s—there wasn’t anything of him left. I think I could’ve been in the room with him and he wouldn’t know me.”
“Anything I should know?”
“You’re so
“Merry Christmas,” Tony says, the curve of his mouth almost looking like a promise. “And mine is worse, look.”
He still tries, though, and a few weeks after moving in, Steve comes back to the tower from being harassed by the press yet again and he heads down to Tony’s workshop. When he gets there, he kicks his shoes off and practically throws himself on the couch, groaning loudly in frustration.
“SHIELD,” Steve says, looking down at Tony’s head, feeling an overwhelming amount of fondness. “I’m okay, Tony.”
“Uh huh.”
Tamping down on the emotions flowing through his mind, Steve gets out when the elevator reaches the parking garage and, as much as he wants to call Tony, instead he switches his phone off and gets into the car.
“Mmmf,” Tony says as he walks over and drops onto the couch, tipping his head back and closing his eyes. “Sometimes I really hate being me,” he says. “Not often, but sometimes.”
His overactive mind has got Tony feeling restless on the towel he’s sprawled out on, Steve half asleep next to him under the hot sun, and he sighs. “Steve?”
“Promise,” Steve says, offering Tony a small smile.
“Please,” Tony says, like it’s the only word he can find. His brain has finally silenced to the point where all he can concentrate on is the need for Steve to hit him, to make him hurt, to get him to the point where he’s so desperate he’ll be coming without any stimulation on his cock. “Please,” he says again. “Steve, I need it.”
“Sure,” Steve says mildly. “I know you’re not going to trust me immediately, we have too much history for that, but I’m gonna work on it.”
“Over here, Cap,” comes Rumlow’s voice, and Steve looks over to see him waiting by an elevator. “Need to scan you.”
“Insidious?”
“It could be an ‘are’,” Steve interrupts. “You are easy to love. If that’s—I don’t want to presume—”
“That happen a lot?”
“Oh,” Steve says, as he walks away from Tony’s room. “I—it’s not a bother.”
“Send it to me,” Tony says, flicking up a holoscreen from his watch.. “Time to make some plans.”
“What shoot?” Steve asks, looking up from his book and nudging Tony with his foot. They’re at opposite ends of the couch in their bedroom enjoying a lazy Sunday afternoon, and Steve cherishes these moments. The afternoon light plays across Tony’s face when he looks up, and Steve can’t hide the smile that crosses his face at the sight.
“Slut,” Steve says with a grin before tracing a drop of sweat running down Tony’s face with his tongue.
“Turn for me?” Tony asks quietly, and Steve obeys, sighing as Tony’s hands trail over his shoulders. “There you are.”
Tony tilts his head and looks at Steve, sees how he’s slightly hunched over, the sun turning his hair golden, and his gaze fixed on the sand. “You did, didn’t you?” Tony suddenly realises. “And you never would’ve said a word about it.”
“Don’t talk about yourself like that,” Steve says, draining the wine from his own glass before putting it down. He grabs Tony’s hands, squeezing once before letting go. “Tony—”
Steve nods. “You’re right,” he says, watching as Tony gets up and walks over, sinking down into the couch with him. “What do you think I should do?”
“That’s something that’s never been said about me before,” Tony says, taking Steve’s hands in his. “I didn’t do anything special, Steve. You—” Tony breaks off and sighs. “You know I’m not okay, I have nightmares about too many things that have happened in my life, and it’s—maybe it’s selfish, but having you here makes life better.”
“You know,” Tony says, his head resting on Steve’s chest. “You looked really hot holding a baby.”
“Have you had a heart attack today? No, so don’t judge me.”
“Can’t go back now,” Tony says, looking down at his hand, his ring snug in his pocket.
Steve feels his skin heat up, and he rolls his eyes in surrender. “Come on, then,” he says, reaching a hand out for one of the slightly older kids to take. “We need to find your parents.”
He dreams he’s anywhere but where he is.
“I could eat,” Steve says cautiously, not entirely sure what’s happening but happy to go along with Tony’s whims. It’s not like he’s got anything else to do today.
“Relax,” Tony says, joining Steve on the couch and kissing him. “Hi. Guess the boxes got sent over?”
Steve glances up to see that she’s right, they’re underneath the mistletoe, and Steve curses himself for not noticing it before. “Uh, we’re not—”
Steve keeps his face neutral, but he can feel Tony going stiff next to him, and he taps his fingers against Tony’s hip. “Glad you got out okay,” he says before lifting his mug and finishing his coffee. “Tony, what time are we leaving?”
Making a face, Steve reaches over and drags Tony into his arms. “That sounds terrible.”
Steve’s face flushes and he opens his mouth, unsure what to say. “Uh—”
“What? Yes, Tony, I love that you did this,” Steve says, reaching for Tony’s hand and threading their fingers together. “I still haven’t—I don’t know what I’m going to say to her.”
Tony wouldn’t be surprised.
“I never would’ve rejected you,” Steve says, taking a few steps towards Tony. “I mean, I was angry, I couldn't help that after—” Steve breaks off, his hands clenched in loose fists by his side. “There were so many times I wanted to call you. When Ma started going downhill, when I was thinking of leaving the city. When I moved here and didn’t know anyone and was terrified of the extra responsibility. Tony, you were the
person I wanted to call.”
“Fine,” Tony says with a huff, cuddling up against Steve. “I’ll wear the damn stockings. You win.”
“You awake?” Steve asks, watching Tony fondly over the rim of his mug, his back up against the arm of the couch, legs outstretched and tangled with Tony’s who is mirroring him at the other end of the couch.
“Okay, I was seven,” Tony says. “You don’t have to bring that up.”
Tony feels Steve passing over his ribs and he takes the direction Steve gave him, breathing out as steadily as he can as Steve works rhythmically, the needles sending vibrations over Tony’s chest.
“You think we have a normal life?”
“Now I have to know,” Steve says, sitting forward a little. “What happened on his fifth birthday?”
“And you haven’t aged a day,” Peggy says, her eyes shining with unshed tears. “I couldn’t believe it when Tony told me, but—well. I suppose if anyone had a chance of surviving, it would’ve been you.”
“I got her,” Tony says, hovering above the fields in the North Meadow before flying down. “She needs help.”
It’s painful, there’s no getting around that, but there’s a soothing rhythm to it, the gentle buzz of the machine rumbling against his skin as Steve inks lines into his skin. Tony can tell how people get addicted to it, he’s halfway there and they’ve barely got started yet.
“What’s that meant to mean?”
“I think I’m safe with you,” Tony says, wondering if he’s responsible for the flush on Steve’s cheeks. “I’m not making you work late, am I?”
The man behind the counter laughs before he holds out his hand. “Sam,” he says with an easy smile. “What do you want done?”
“Arc reactor,” Tony says, looking down at Steve’s head. “Think of it as a fancy pacemaker.”
“Bit late for me to start getting shy,” Tony says as he finishes slipping off his jacket. He drops it on the chair like before and tugs his t-shirt over his head, holding it as he turns so Steve can see his side. “How does it look?”
Steve answers in the affirmative, and Tony leads Steve through the house towards the garden, startling slightly when Steve takes his hand. Walking to the structure at the end of the garden, Tony scans his eye and waits for the doors to slide open. The lights switch on as they walk inside, and Tony can’t help but watch Steve’s face as he takes it all in.
“Shocking,” Tony says, as Steve yawns and slides off the couch, holding one hand out to him. Tony takes it, letting Steve pull him to his feet, and goes with it when Steve pulls him closer, kissing him softly. “Mmm, okay, good way to wake up.”
“For what?”
“Nice building,” he says, as he walks over.
“If you don’t want to talk about it, you don’t have to.”
The corners of Steve’s mouth turn up and he rests his palm against Tony’s lower back. “You caught me,” he says. “I don’t know what to do about... everything.”
Well.
“Tony, I’ve seen you snoring with your mouth open after falling asleep on the couch, I’ve seen you mistake motor oil for coffee, and I once made you jump for a coffee pot by holding it over my head,” Steve says. “What image do you think Peggy is going to ruin?”
“Shut up,” Tony says with a smile. “I’m trying to be a good example to the youth. Look, there’s hot chocolate, lets get that, my hands are freezing.”
to do anything,” Steve says firmly. “Take a nap. Work will still be there when you’re done.”
“Just a little heart thing, it’s no big,” Tony says, eyeing Steve’s hand.
“You know what I’d really like?” Steve pulls Tony closer, until he’s practically in Steve’s lap, and he rests a hand on Tony’s thigh. “You’d look so good in my colours,” he says quietly, kissing Tony’s neck. “Blue stockings with a white seam up the back, garter belt with white stars on, and some red panties. All dressed up for me.”
. God, I want to paint you with my come.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, feeling his cheeks flush. “That.”
“No,” Tony interrupts. “No, it’s perfect. I love it.”
“I’m on my 48,” Steve says. “And I’d like to spend some time with you.”
Tony eyes him in a way that makes Steve want to crawl inside his skin, but he holds Tony’s gaze instead, and when Tony looks away there’s a satisfied smile on his face. “Okay,” Tony says. “Steve. Look, we’re still going for lunch, but after that, come back here with me and we can talk.” Slipping down from the bar, Tony looks around at the mess that was his penthouse. “Lot of work to do,” he says with a sigh. “Pepper is already working out funding to clean up the city, and I’m sure she’ll be chasing me for my signature soon. Thor is panicking about Loki, and to be honest I’m not exactly enamoured with the fact that the tesseract has gone missing, but that’s the hand we’ve been dealt, I guess.”
Fuck.
“Are you going to tuck me in?” Tony asks as Steve follows him down the hall.
“No?”
“And it looks like you’re already in the festive mood,” Tony says, looking Steve up and down. “You look cosy. Like something out of a Hallmark movie.”
Steve’s fingers keep tracing patterns along Tony’s skin as he kisses him, teeth scraping down Tony’s neck in a way that has Tony letting out noises he didn’t know he could make. It’s intoxicating, dangerous in a way that Tony recognises could destroy them both, but he—he doesn’t think it will. He thinks it could’ve, before, if they’d tried this when they were younger, but now they’re older, slightly wiser, and all Tony can think is how much they deserve this. That maybe getting lost in each other is exactly what they’re supposed to be doing.
Tony snorts. “Don’t be mean, Aunt Peg,” he says, leaning back in his chair and smiling over at Steve. “Aliens happened.”
“Do you want me to mean it as a date?”
“I won’t wait up,” Steve says, before turning and heading to the elevator. It’s waiting for him, and Steve tries not to show what he’s feeling on his face as he gets in. Rumlow’s standing there when the elevator doors open at the lobby, and Steve holds his hand out for his phone.
Tony’s taken a seat on a bench by the entrance to Peggy’s building and Steve can see him fiddling on his phone as he patiently waits for Steve to get his shit together. Just knowing he’s there is—Steve appreciates it more than he can say. If Tony hadn’t come with him, Steve would’ve just turned around and gone home, if he’d even made it this far to begin with.
“Boys,” Natasha interrupts. “You brought me down here for a reason.”
“Maybe back then I knew them, but if they’ve worked their way into SHIELD, they’re more powerful than they were,” Steve says. “I don’t even know why they think I’m Hydra.”
Plus, Steve gets to see Tony kneeling on the floor with the kids building something out of the blocks they have, he gets to see Tony with a toddler on his hip because the kid had reached his arms up and said “up?” in a soft voice. It leaves him with a tight feeling in his chest that he’s too scared to identify.
“Seems like a crappy hand,” Steve says. “But I’m sure it could be worse.”
Steve slides his hands down to Tony’s lower back, fingertips slipping underneath the hem of Tony’s shirt. “Can we eat down here before I have to go? Pizza, or something?”
“Guess I’ll just have to make you see what I see when I look at you,” Steve says, reaching for his glass of water and taking a sip.
“Tony, get some rest. We’ve got time.”
The water is already running when they set foot inside the bathroom, and Steve steps inside the shower, letting the water run down his body so he can start to wash away the last few hours. He enjoys the warmth of the spray for a moment before he looks over at Tony and frowns. “You getting in?”
,” Tony says. “I’m making you a new suit, I was designing you one anyway, but given that the idiots at SHIELD gave you a suit that couldn’t hold off a knife, let alone a bullet, it’s jumped to the top of the list.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, cutting off Tony’s awkward ramblings. “Yes. I mean I always—” He stops, trying to find the words for what he wants to say. “I loved Peggy, I did, but I—”
,” Tony cries out, his hands slipping against Steve’s sweat slicked skin as he tries to hold on.
“Yeah,” Tony says. “This is—this is good.”
“You’re not going to lose them, Steve,” Tony says. “I promise. But you are going to have to get out of bed.”
“Yep.”
Tony doesn’t dare open his eyes when the kiss comes to a natural end, instead relishing in the feel of Steve’s hand on his face, letting out a sigh as Steve’s fingers brush over his lips.
But Tony’s lips are so soft against his, and he finds himself lingering for longer than he intended to, and then he feels Tony’s hand against his cheek, Tony’s cold hands gently stroking Steve’s skin, and it’s—. Steve didn’t know kissing Tony would be like this, and now he doesn’t know if he’s ever going to be able to let it go.
“I can’t believe you destroyed it,” Tony says with a contented smile. “Seriously, Steve?”
“Can’t have you walking around naked,” Tony says. “It’s selfish of me, really, don’t want just anyone seeing all of you.”
“Hydra were keeping him separate.”
Tony returns the smile, his hair a fucked out mess. “Yours,” he says, mouth forming a soft pout. “Always.”
“I think you—”
“Fuck,” Tony says. “Do I need to shower?”
Tony lets out a low laugh. “As much as I want that, I also don’t want Natasha kicking down my bedroom door.”
He fought. With Steve. That’s why he wasn’t paying attention to his surroundings and then—.
“And?”
“I’m not the same person I was before the war,” Steve interrupts, like he’s trying to get all the words out at once. “I haven’t—there hasn’t been anyone for more than a night, and if you—if we—I’d want you for more than a night.”
Morgan’s face flashes up on the screen and Tony darts a look at Steve before he answers, smiling when Morgan’s face appears. “Hey kiddo,” he says softly, resting his free hand against Steve’s hair, idly playing with it as Morgan greets him.
“You kissed me,” Tony says.
Tony’s squirming on the bed, and Steve can only take watching him like this for so long. Removing his fingers, Steve slicks his cock up and hooks Tony’s legs around his body before he leans over him, catching his mouth in a kiss. “And only you get me like this.”
There’s a light flush over Tony’s cheekbones, and all Steve wants is to press him back against the couch and waste the rest of the day kissing him, running his hands all over Tony’s body, and finding all the ways to make him gasp in pleasure, but—.
“Oh I’m going to enjoy this,” Tony says, his eyes fluttering shut for a moment when Steve reaches down and runs his fingers through Tony’s hair. Swallowing, Tony opens his eyes when Steve removes his hand, and there’s a pleasant tingle at the base of his skull as Steve looks at him in approval. “Yeah,” Tony breathes out as he gets Steve’s jeans unbuttoned and grins at the sight of no underwear, just Steve’s thick cock curving up towards his stomach. Licking his lips, Tony watches as Steve pushes his jeans down enough to fully expose himself and he waits, fingers digging into Steve’s thighs, until Steve leans back and raises an eyebrow.
“Iron Man? Are you okay?”
“That seems dangerous,” Steve says, holding the baby a little closer to his chest. “Tony, I don’t—I could hurt her. I’m too strong.”
“Maybe later,” Steve says, resting his head against Tony’s chest, smiling when his hearing picks up the sound of the arc reactor. “Can we just stay like this for a while?”
“Why do you find that so hard to believe?” Steve asks as he sits down on the bed next to Tony. “You’ve gone on about what a hot twink you were in your twenties for as long as I’ve known you.”
Steve takes this in around a mouthful of pita. “So,” he says after swallowing. “If we can rescue him then—”
“Three years in September,” Tony says, not pretending like he doesn’t know what Steve is asking. “Sometimes it feels like forever, sometimes it feels like no time at all.”
“No,” Steve interrupts, visions of how Tony flew the bomb into the portal flashing through his mind. “Sticking together sounds like a plan.”
“Not like I’m much of a role model,” Tony says with a shrug. “You deserve to make your own choices. Actually, if you want to leave then—”
“Nothing,” Steve says quickly. “We should—the market?”
There’s all kinds of ways Steve could respond to that, but all he does is offer Tony a sweet smile and pull him in close, and Tony goes with it, letting Steve manhandle him until they’re curled up together on the bed. Steve’s hand is still tangled with his, and Tony shifts until he can press a kiss against the underside of Steve’s jaw before settling back down and resting his head against Steve’s chest.
“Could you wake Tony up after three hours of sleep?”
“Sounds good,” Steve says warmly. “What else are we having?”
“Your hand first. Please.”
There’s a stricken look on Steve’s face and he turns on his heel, almost fleeing the bathroom, and Tony’s left standing there like an idiot. “What the fuck?” Tony mutters to himself as he follows the direction Steve’s headed in, only to find him sitting on the edge of the bed, his head in his hands.
“Ready?” Steve asks, machine in one hand as he looks at Tony.
“Don’t do it.”
“You’re fine,” Tony says, adjusting Steve’s arm until he’s holding her against his side, her legs kicking him in excitement. “There, see, you’re good, she’s safe.”
Tony swallows around the lump in his throat as he looks at Steve, seeing the hopefulness in his expression, and the lines between his eyebrows giving away how nervous he is. There’s only ever going to be one answer Tony can give. “Yes,” he says, squeezing Steve’s hand. “Of course I do. I still love you, I’m still
Tony stops by a stall selling Christmas ornaments and picks up a couple, smiling at the trader when she wraps them up for him. Steve traces a finger along one of the more delicate pieces, admiring the craftsmanship that’s gone into creating them. There’s a stall selling warm cookies, and Steve buys a bunch, sharing them with Tony as they continue strolling through the market.
“I’m fine,” Natasha interjects, her voice hoarse. “He’s done worse to me.”
“So Fury probably isn’t involved,” Tony says. “I guess that’s something. But, still, if Pierce is involved this goes all the way to the top. Shit. You know, sometimes I wish I were wrong.”
“It was a test,” Pierce admits. “I wanted to see how you reacted.”
“I do,” Steve says, nodding. “You met him when you came in the shop.”
Swallowing, Steve flicks through the other photos, his eyes catching on one of Tony on a bed, sheets rumpled underneath him, his hair messy and the look on his face familiar to Steve because he’s seen it more times than he can count in their bed. Tony’s own hand is on his crotch, stroking himself through the black lace, and Steve wonders how it felt, if Tony got off on that alone, if he soaked the lace through with his come.
“Of course I do,” Tony says. “I don’t—I wouldn’t get rid of him. Ever. That’s not who I am. I thought you knew that, even given the way I was, I—”
“You don’t have to talk about it,” Tony interrupts. “Let me get you somewhere comfortable first.”
“That, uh, people care. People other than Rhodey and Pepper.”
“And you passed. For now.”
“Thank you, JARVIS,” Steve says. “I appreciate it.”
“Steve—”
Steve looks at Natasha across the table, the only one who hasn’t said anything yet. “Nat?”
Tony pushes his face even closer to Steve’s neck, pressing his mouth against Steve’s skin in a soft kiss and soaking up the warmth from Steve’s body. “Love you,” he says quietly, needing Steve to hear the words and understand that Tony means them, will always mean them, because no one else has ever taken the time to make him feel like this.
kiss. It’s slightly awkward, having caught Tony with his mouth open in the middle of speaking, but then Steve cups the back of Tony’s neck, tilts his head a little more and—. Suddenly it’s the best thing Steve’s experienced since he woke up. Tony’s soft lips against his stirs something low in Steve’s gut, and he wants Tony even closer. Wants to pull him onto his lap and not leave room for any doubt about Tony being Steve’s favourite thing in the future.
“It’s okay that I did this, right?” Tony asks suddenly, sitting up and dislodging Steve’s arm. “Organised it without telling you? You’d tell me if it wasn’t?”
“You’d want me to?”
“You hired him.”
“You weren’t exactly being enthusiastic about the use of my personal private jet.”
“Oh.”
“Then we’ll get you doing it,” Tony says, his fingers tugging at the ends of Steve’s hair. “Whatever you want.”
Taken aback by the seriousness in Tony’s face, Steve nods. “I know, Tony,” he says firmly. “I know.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, his mouth brushing against Tony’s neck. “Yeah.”
“That interesting, am I?” Steve asks, watching as Tony walks over quickly. “Needed to hunt me down instead of doing anything productive?”
“Yeah, I’m not having you push yourself and pass out on me,” Steve says. “We’ll do the outline and shading, and then see where you’re at. It’s not a judgement on your pain tolerance,” Steve continues before Tony can protest. “I’ve seen bigger men than you not be able to take it for more than a few hours.”
“If you’re trying to talk me into wearing them, you’ve won,” Tony says against Steve’s neck, unconsciously pushing up into Steve’s touch. “Jesus Christ, Steve.”
“Steve—
Tony takes a couple of steps, closing the gap between them, and then Steve’s warm hands are on him, turning him to the side and mapping out an area of Tony’s skin with his fingers.
“It’s fine,” Steve says, looking down at where Tony’s hand is squeezing his leg. “Every other year I’ve been on a mission. This is the first year I’ve had to just experience Christmas.”
Tony shifts as he feels his cock reacting to the feel of Steve’s warm hands on his skin. “What, uh, what did you mean?”
“Did I ruin us?” Steve asks quietly.
“No,” Steve says honestly. “But it has to be done.” He looks around the table, meeting everyone’s eyes as he does. “Look, I wasn’t prepared for this at all. If you’re feeling betrayed, I get it, and I’m sorry I kept it from you all, but I needed to know as many details as I could find before I brought it to you.”
“You do, now,” Steve says, brushing Tony’s cheek with his nose. “Also I really don’t want to get out of bed.” He closes his eyes as Tony’s fingers run through his hair. “How about we stay here?”
Steve laughs. “No, not all bad. I mean maybe there could be quicker progress with gay rights, but—”
Swallowing around the sudden lump in his throat, Steve takes a step back and bumps into someone he didn’t realise was behind him. “Sorry,” he says, before noticing they’re watching Tony as well. “Is that—”
“Tony, come on,” Steve says, knocking on the door to their bathroom where JARVIS told him Tony was hiding. “It can’t be that bad.”
Steve looks
“You’re a pain in the ass,” Tony says. “I can’t believe I have to talk you into tattooing a wedding band on me.” He laughs as Steve leans in over the table carefully and kisses him. It’s too quick for Tony to really indulge in the feel of Steve against his mouth because all Steve’s doing is proving a damn point, and Tony knows it.
Pierce makes a thoughtful noise and leans back in his chair. “Right. Well. This was enlightening. I’ll be in contact.”
“You’re funny,” Pierce says. “They never wrote about that in the history books.”
“I want to tell them,” Steve says, running a hand over his hair. “I do, but it feels too early, I need more information, a plan, something more than what I have.”
“I’m healed,” Steve says, ducking his head to kiss a bruise on Tony’s shoulder lightly before he trails a line of kisses up Tony’s neck. “Tony, I’m fine.”
“Is that bad?”
Steve laughs, his hands firm on Tony’s skin. “You’re not that much older than me,” Steve says. “No, I’m just curious.”
“Captain Rogers,” Fury says. “I need you to get your crew together.”
“I thought you were joking,” Steve says in a rush, licking his lips. “I never thought you’d—”
The big screen flicks on, and Steve glances over at Tony as the movie starts. “If you’ve got work to do—”
“I’m sure you do,” Tony says. “Steve, she—I think she just wants to know you’re okay. That you’ll be okay.”
“I get it,” Tony says. “You know I do. I just—I want you to be happy.”
“See,” Luca says to Steve with a fond smile. “Never likes to admit what a good man he is.”
“You’d be surprised at how similar it is, actually,” Steve says with a small smile, reaching over and tapping Tony’s knee lightly. “You don’t have to perform for them, Tony.”
“Is this—I mean—” Tony shifts onto his side and props his head up on his hand as he tries to find the words. “I didn’t think you liked me.”
Steve sucks gently at Tony’s bottom lip, feeling himself start to recover, and he reaches down between them, wrapping a hand around Tony’s still hard cock. “And what about this?”
“Hey, food truck,” she says, gesturing to the busy crowd. “We can eat.”
There’s quiet over the comms and then Natasha speaks again. “Come back up, something weird’s going on.”
That evening they settle in at Tony’s house, Steve only going back to his to grab some food and clothes. It’s turning into a cool night as the sun goes down, and Steve’s poking at some fish on the grill while Tony sits back on an Adirondack chair, his feet resting in the sand as he drinks a margarita.
“No,” Steve interrupts, knowing exactly what Tony is about to ask. “I don’t wish you were like this all the time.”
Sam smiles as he contemplates Tony’s scrap of paper again. “Steve’s the traditionalist,” he says eventually. “I’ll hook you up with him.”
“I think it’s going that way,” Steve says. “You good with that? Clint?”
“Apparently we’re too old to be making out on the couch,” Tony says, trying to find a way to get up without kneeing Steve in the groin but quickly giving up. “I can’t believe we fell asleep.”
“Don’t mention it,” Tony says, picking his fork back up. “I’m also gonna want to see how far down that blush goes one day. Just so you know.”
Lowering his head, Steve catches Tony’s mouth in a quick kiss before he brushes their noses together. “Sure,” he says quietly, blinking against the water running over his face.
“Steve?”
“That’s right, no,” Tony says. “We’re going to do Christmas, you and me. We’ll, I don’t know, FRIDAY?”
Steve watches as Tony pokes the parcels under the tree before he gets up and joins him on the floor by the tree. “Can we leave the gifts we got each other for last?”
“Do you trust me?”
It’s his best day in recovery yet.
“Hey,” Steve mutters against Tony’s mouth. “Beach today?”
“Tony—”
After showering and getting dressed, Steve finds Tony in the kitchen, hunched over a mug at the table. Steve pauses, a fond feeling stirring in his chest even as he wonders if Tony’s moved since last night. “Tony?”
Tony’s skin flushes, in a way that Steve doesn’t think he’s ever seen before, and he wonders if that’s something Tony trained himself out of as he got older. It’s goddamn delicious, and Steve really just wants to tackle him to the bed and spend hours discovering all the ways he can make Tony blush.
“What are you going to do?”
“More often than I’d like,” Steve says, shaking his head. “You can go through, I’ll be a moment.”
“You—
“If it were a Hallmark movie I think I’d need a dashing stranger upending my life,” Steve says, reaching for his mug and taking a sip of the cocoa. “And I’ve had enough of that.”
They join the queue for hot chocolate as Steve ponders what exactly he’s going to give Tony for Christmas. There’s nothing he can really think to buy him, though he’ll look as they walk around the market, and there’s nothing Tony ever really says he wants. He could—there’s a painting he’s been working on that he could give to Tony, but it’s—it’s personal. Raw in a way Steve doesn’t know if he’s comfortable showing right now. Putting it out of his mind for the moment, Steve orders them hot chocolates with marshmallows, and steps back to wait for them to be ready.
“Huh.”
It’s not just taking a hit to the head and waking up somewhere he doesn’t know with chains around his limbs, it’s waking up with a fucking gag in his mouth and for a moment he—.
“I still have your college sweatshirt,” Tony admits. “It stopped smelling like you years ago, and it’s falling apart, but on my worst days it made me feel better.”
“You also liked knowing I was watching?”
“I mean, I wasn’t going to put it quite like that,” Steve says, raising an eyebrow. “But yeah.”
“And, you know, we lost Loki, plus the tesseract, so why do you still have the sceptre?”
“You—” Tony raises an eyebrow and a soft smile crosses his face. “Take the rest off.”
Tony smiles against the sheets, his knees wobbly and only just holding him up, but then—. Then he hears the swoosh in the air of the paddle before it comes down on his ass with an audible smack, and he howls like a goddamn demon, his knees finally giving out.
“Steve, come on.”
But what if it was his only chance. What if—.
“Come look,” Tony interrupts. “Cynthia and her wife had a baby.”
“Hey,” Tony says, taking a few steps forward and touching Steve’s arm. “It’s okay. A lot of people walked out on me, and I deserved it. Sometimes I think Pepper only stuck around because I paid her.”
“You think everything we did in the war was clean? That we were able to sleep at night with the choices we had to make?”
Leaning in, Steve catches Tony’s mouth in a kiss. It’s not like the market, this time Tony’s ready for it, and Steve doesn’t hold back, putting everything he feels into it. Tony’s hands are clutching desperately at Steve’s shirt, his fingers pressing against the muscles of Steve’s back, and Steve wants more, wants to feel Tony’s talented hands all over him. It’s intoxicating, being able to have Tony like this, really have him, to hear his little gasps as they kiss, to nip at his bottom lip and feel a shiver run down his body.
“Huh,” Tony says as he leans back against the couch with a sigh. “Rhodey’s working,” he offers. “And Pepper, well, all I know is she’s not spending Christmas with me.”
“I can rearrange it, if you want,” Tony says quietly. “But I think she’d like to see you.”
“Have you got me a gift?”
“You were making this before I kissed you, weren’t you?” Steve says, glancing at Tony.
A fond smile on his face, Steve picks it up and pulls it on, vaguely surprised that it’s not scratchy as all hell given how quickly Tony must’ve got his hands on it. There’s a slim button on the cuff and he presses it, laughing softly as the lights start twinkling.
Steve wakes up early enough to head down to the gym before his meeting, there’s no one else there, and he gets to work trying to build up a sweat. Tony’s been working on getting the equipment up to scratch, but it’s not quite there yet and the punching bag breaks off in the middle of a set. He tells JARVIS to let Tony know how long that one lasted and switches to suicide runs before ending on push up variations until his muscles start to feel an ache. It’s not ideal, but the attention still hasn’t died down yet and Steve doesn’t want to risk going for a run.
“Wouldn’t feel so guilty?”
“I don’t know,” Steve says with a low laugh. “I haven’t thought that far ahead.”
“Steve, do you—not that I don’t want to, but—”
“Steve?”
Tony’s cheeks flush, and he waves a hand. “Go, get some clothes on. Bring back coffee. And something sweet.”
“You can, Captain.”
“Not just that,” Steve says, pressing a swift kiss against Tony’s lips. “Your ass is high on the list as well.”
“Don’t tempt fate,” he says, eventually. “It’s only us here.”
Steve hums, his eyes closing, and the last thing he remembers is the touch of Tony’s lips against his forehead.
The man doesn’t want to hear him scream, Tony realises. It’s like there’s a damn science to what he’s doing as he cuts into Tony, as he hits him, as he heats up a poker to—.
“You’re grieving,” Steve says. “After Bucky died I sat in a bombed out bar and drained whatever was left and found out I couldn’t get drunk. If I’d been able to, then—” Steve pauses, his fingers tracing a pattern along Tony’s leg over the blankets. “I don’t know what would’ve happened.”
“I’ll look after you,” Steve says. “The water’s calm and I won’t let anything happen to you.”
“I didn’t call because I didn’t want to be told you were dead, or have you pick up and laugh at me,” Steve says, shaking his head, a wry smile on his face. “Some days I wasn’t sure which would be worse.”
Steve nods slowly. “Something like that. I have a meeting with SHIELD tomorrow.”
“I know,” Tony says, leaning down and brushing his mouth over Steve’s lips. “But we can still practice.”
“A holiday romance?” Steve asks as he steps out of the shower and grabs a towel, fastening it around his waist.
“You’ll have to buy it to find out,” Steve says, winking at Tony.
“Hydra,” Tony says abruptly, interrupting Steve’s thoughts. “We—you have no idea how much I’d rather do whatever it is that’s got your face looking like that, but—”
“Almost done,” Steve says. “I think.”
“Who wouldn’t be?”
“I think,” Steve says, reaching down and grabbing Tony’s ass, hauling him up until Tony’s legs are wrapped around his hips. “We should move this to the couch.”
“Okay.”
“Steve—”
“They’re not going to take it well,” Steve says, looking over at Tony sitting cross legged on the bed. “That we didn’t tell them, I mean.”
“I’m just saying,” Tony says, patting Steve’s ass, leading him to falter on his way to the elevator. “It’s a good ass.”
“You bring it out in me,” Steve says, resting back on his heels, a soft smile crossing his face. “I know we’ve only just started this, and I know that you—”
“Like what?”
Fingers stroking Tony’s skin, Steve smiles softly. “I’ll take it,” he says, soaking in the warmth from having Tony’s body underneath him, one of Tony’s hands playing with his hair, and he thinks maybe, just maybe, this is exactly how his life was meant to turn out.
Steve laughs. “That’s helpful, thanks.”
“What are you thinking?” Tony asks as he looks at Steve, his cock hard again and resting against his stomach.
“Tony—”
“Looking forward to it,” Clint says, grabbing his bow.
Steve glances at the magazine, making a face when he sees the headline. “You have to stop showing me these rags,” he says.
“Me too,” Steve says, watching Tony carefully as they both fall quiet. He can feel his skin heating up as he waits, knowing Tony won’t ignore the implications of what he’s said.
“Yeah,” Tony says, his fingers running through Steve’s hair. “As long as you want.”
“Why isn’t the suit bulletproof?” Tony asks, wiping the blood off Steve’s skin. “That—who designed this?”
“Isn’t it? You drag me down here and then say you don’t believe I am who I say I am? If you’re trying to test me, you’ll be the ones failing. Like I said, I’m not here to prove my loyalty.”
“Why weren’t we doing that before?” Tony asks, brushing his fingers over his mouth. “Shit, Steve, I—wow.”
“Not if you’re so miserable you’re drinking yourself into a stupor.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, squeezing Steve’s arm. “Sounds good.”
His cut and bruised hands start shaking and Tony stumbles towards the bathroom counter, gripping the edge of it. Breathing deeply, Tony keeps his eyes open, trying to keep himself steady, and it’s—. He can do this. He can.
“No,” Tony says, listening to the water around them and enjoying the feel of Steve holding him up like they’re in their own little world. “I’m good, here with you.”
“To visit Peggy Carter,” Tony says, fingers flicking over his phone screen. “Steve hasn’t seen her yet, and it’s been a long time since I’ve seen Aunt Peg, so we’re doing a road trip.”
“Wanting to date you?”
It’s fabric, the gag, but secured around his head with something stronger, and Tony doesn’t like the thought of that. It implies—.
“Yeah,” Steve says. “Uh, Sam will give you the details if you leave your number, but we close at 7, so plan on getting here around then.”
“No,” Steve laughs. “For Christmas. As a gift.”
“What?” Steve asks, standing there with the paddle in his hand as he looks Tony over.
Steve laughs and picks up the stencil, holding it out to Tony. “The numbers are in the petals, but they won’t get lost when I add colour, I promise. If you’d prefer them on a banner, I could—”
“No,” Pierce says, turning on his heel. “This way.”
“Wow, enthusiastic,” Tony says, slightly stung.
Tony hums, his eyes opening as he rests a hand on Steve’s thigh. “I guess.”
“Maybe after that first time,” Steve says eventually. “I mean, I like running on the beach, but—”
“Bored?”
Tony nods and walks through to the back room that he was in earlier in the week. When he walks in, he instantly spots the stencil on Steve’s station and part of him itches to go and peek at it, but he doesn’t. Instead, he stands and looks at the walls, eyes flicking over the art that’s covering them until a piece catches his eye. It’s not like the rest, it’s abstract, painted in deep colours, and Tony’s not an art critic but there’s something that hits him in the gut as he looks at it. He would swear he can hear it screaming. It’s disconcerting, but Tony likes it. Understands it, in a way.
“What?”
“That’s fair,” Tony says, his hands holding onto the back of a chair. He can’t say that wouldn’t have been the outcome. If Steve had called at the wrong time, when Tony was blitzed out of his mind, then it’s entirely possible Tony would’ve laughed at him. Would’ve been crueler than Steve ever would’ve deserved. “I’m sorry for that as well.”
“Don’t do that,” Steve says, squeezing Tony’s shoulder lightly before dropping his hand. “Don’t act like we’re not friends. You need to sleep, Tony, whatever work it is can wait.”
“You can’t just—” Tony cuts himself off and kisses Steve firmly before pulling back and meeting Steve’s eyes. “That’s cheating.”
“You’d want that?” Tony asks, one hand on Steve’s stomach as he tilts his neck, giving Steve more access. “Really?”
“Huh,” Tony says, swinging his legs over the edge of the bar and reaching for the decanter of scotch. “Drink?” he asks, offering it to Steve. “I need another.”
“Yeah,” Tony says quietly. “I guess it is. I can make something different, if you want.”
“You know what—”
“Yeah,” Steve says with a low laugh. “You zoned out pretty hard for a while there.”
“There’s some benefits,” Tony says, pushing himself up on Steve’s chest and locking eyes with him. “I’m a lot bendier like this, recover faster, and hey, no nasty scars either. Can’t really see the downside for you.”
“Well,” Steve says, his lips brushing over Tony’s mouth. “You can always have that.”
There’s a flippancy in Tony’s voice, but Steve’s not fooled, and he takes a few steps back over to the bed. Bending over, he holds Tony’s face and kisses him firmly, waiting until Tony starts to relax before he pulls away. “Thank you,” he says, kissing him quickly again. “Tony—thank you.”
“Oh,” Steve says. “I don’t—how can I tell her that when I don’t even know myself? Not that—I didn’t mean that I don’t—” Steve sighs. “I’m screwing this up.”
“It is,” Steve says, taking a few cautious steps towards Tony. “You know it is.”
“Butt? Really?”
It turns out that when there aren't major disasters, there’s not much for Steve to do. He’s been deflecting Fury trying to get him on SHIELD missions given his suspicions about Hydra, guilting Fury into believing he’s still adjusting to the new world, but he’s not sure how long that’s going to last. It's not a lie, really, he is still adjusting, it’s just not as hard as he’s telling Fury it is.
“Your shoot looks good.”
“And, uh, Tony?”
“We gotta get out of here,” Tony says. “And you need to be patched up.”
“What do you want to do?”
“No,” Steve manages to say. “I thought he died. How long have you had him?”
“I’m meant to be here figuring out what to do next,” Steve says. “But I don’t know what that is. I don’t know what I want.”
And Steve does know, as he watches Tony’s face slip into a soft smile before tangling their fingers together and picking up his mug with his free hand, waiting for Steve to do the same. Steve knows because he
Still, there’s a question on his mind that’s making him feel like a teenager, which he hates, but it’s nagging at him to the point where he needs an answer if he and Steve are going to do whatever it is they're doing. Tony’s not even sure he knows what they’re doing, if maybe one kiss is too soon to start putting labels and definitions on things.
Even though they’ve exchanged numbers, Tony’s not expecting any contact from Steve, so when he gets a text a few days after they’ve parted asking how he’s healing up, he has to pause in the middle of a meeting. He doesn’t know if this is something Steve does with every client, but he responds anyway, and is pleasantly surprised when it’s the start of an ongoing conversation.
“Well, any time you want, I’ll be happy to work on you,” Steve says.
“What?” Tony asks, glancing over as Steve pushes off the door and walks over.
Tony’s got grease smeared on his skin, his low slung sweatpants and old t-shirt also showing signs of wear, and there’s a pair of goggles pushed up in his messy hair.
Giving in, Tony pushes up on his toes, closing the negligible gap between them and kissing Steve. It’s slow and soft, the kind of kiss that Tony’s missed, and he drops Steve’s hand in favour of holding onto Steve’s waist as tight as he dares. Neither of them go to deepen the kiss, to push this fragile moment into something more, and Tony finds himself wanting to cry because he never thought he’d have this kind of touch from anyone again, let alone Steve.
There’s quiet from Steve as he works, more lines etched in Tony’s skin before he says anything. “That makes sense,” he says eventually. “I got my first one before I signed up. They changed the policy to open up recruitment, and I was a smartass. Figured if I were going into a warzone I might as well have something on me I wanted. Meant a lot more when I came out of it with something I didn’t want on me.”
“Tony.”
“S’not your fault,” Tony mumbles against his pillow. “Christmas is good.”
“You know how,” Steve says, smoothing a finger along Tony’s cheek, rubbing the last of it in. “But I—” Steve drops his gaze and shakes his head. “I shouldn’t.”
But that’s not—.
“I wish I’d met her,” Steve says softly, his hand resting on Tony’s hip. “You could, if you want, tell me about her? Later?”
“Nice of you to make it,” Tony says over the comms. “Think I can bring this guy down, I’ve spotted a weak spot, but I need you to distract him. It. Him? Hey, any sign of someone in charge of this thing?”
Steve shoves his sunglasses up into his hair, his brow furrowed. “No, I—” Steve pauses, like he’s trying to gather his thoughts. “It was while you were in space, I think. When I didn’t know if you were alive, and I realised I couldn’t imagine my life without you in it. Even when we were apart I at least knew you were alive. But then when I saw you with Pepper, I couldn’t say anything, no matter what I was feeling.”
“And?”
Steve shrugs, hand coming up and touching Tony’s chin as he leans down and kisses him, humming happily when Tony responds by deepening the kiss. He lets himself have this, the intimacy he never thought he’d have when he was younger, that he thought he’d missed out on as he got older. The day he realised he could have Tony, that Tony wanted him back and that they could build something together, was the best day Steve had had since he got out of the ice. “I like you however you look,” Steve says when he breaks away. “And I wouldn’t say no to seeing you all gussied up.”
“Some days are better than others,” Tony says with a half smile as he watches Steve dry his hands with a dishcloth. “I don’t have any milk for the coffee.”
“No you’re not,” Tony interrupts. “You’re not intruding, you—” Tony makes a frustrated noise as he reaches out to grab onto Steve’s forearm. “Steve, you’re the only thing in my life that makes sense. If it weren’t for you, I’d be locked in the lab churning out weapons while Obie sold them to terrorists.”
“You’re—
“Bring me back some,” Tony says, rolling onto his back as Steve gets out of bed. “And, uh. There’s some clothes in your size in the second drawer down.”
“Still want a bath?” Steve asks, rubbing their noses together. “I can get up and start one.”
Rumlow rolls his eyes before he hits a button. The elevator doors open and Steve steps inside, slightly surprised when Rumlow doesn’t join him. “It’ll take you to the eighth floor,” Rumlow says. “I’ll be right here with your phone.”
“I don’t know,” Tony says, tilting his head back and pinching the bridge of his nose. “I don’t even know how we’d begin to look into it, but we can try, if you want. There must be something—maybe Natasha could help, she has connections in, well, anywhere there’s a corrupt government. If he’s alive then there’s got to be a reason he hasn’t surfaced yet.”
“You were adorable,” Peggy says, glancing at Tony before looking back at Steve. “He really was, Steve. Mop of messy hair with big brown eyes, getting into trouble as soon as he could walk.”
“No,” Tony says. “Just finished for the day, figured I’d track you down.”
Steve grins before he gets back to sucking Tony’s cock. Tony’s hand doesn’t leave Steve’s hair, and Steve lets him tug at it, enjoying the slight sting of pain when Tony pulls just a little too hard. It’s grounding, reminding him that Tony is still Tony, whatever age he’s at, and Steve loves it.
“I’ve been catching up,” Steve says. “Sinatra did USO tours, I knew about him before I went in the ice, but Dean was a little after my time.”
Tony pulls a piece of paper out of his pocket and puts it on the counter. “I’m not really an artist, but this with some roses is what I’m looking for.”
“Inventions wait for no vacation,” Tony says, putting his tablet down on the small rickety table by his side. “What’s with the blanket?”
“Can I what?”
.” Steve’s thumb swipes over the head of Tony’s cock, and Tony’s so far gone that that’s all it takes to wrench his orgasm from him and he comes hard, his mouth open against Steve’s neck, breathing heavily.
,” Tony cries out at the quick succession of blows from Steve’s hand, lighting his ass up as his legs start to shake. “More.”
The next morning Tony goes out on the balcony and watches Steve jogging down the beach like he has done every morning since he first spotted him. This time, instead of hiding behind the plant in the corner, he stands in the middle of the balcony, hand wrapped around a mug of coffee, and waves back when Steve waves at him.
“Yeah,” Steve says, his voice slightly hoarse. “I won’t break this one.”
“Yeah, Steve, come on,” Tony breathes out. “Come on, I need it, come in me.”
Steve laughs softly. “No,” he says. “And I’m guessing that I don’t want to.”
“So, to be clear, you—”
“Okay, right. If there’s something I can help with, that Tony wouldn’t ask for, please let me know.”
Making sure he’s steady on his feet, Steve straightens up with Tony balanced over his shoulder. “Not happening,” he says, ignoring the light thumps from Tony’s fists on his back. “You need a nap.”
Tony’s the one to break the kiss, his hand still cupping Steve’s cheek, and Steve has no idea what to say. Staring at Tony, the taste of him still on his mouth, Steve licks his lips. “I—”
“Very much,” Steve says. “Or you could wear your colours, bet you’d look real good with a gold garter belt.”
“It’s fine, you don’t have to—what are you doing?” Tony asks, his eyes widening as Steve fluidly slides onto the sand, kneeling in front of Tony, his hand running up Tony’s thigh. “Steve—”
“I wouldn’t go telling the public that,” Tony says, and Steve can see a slight flush appearing on Tony’s neck. “They’d want to scan you to make sure your brain isn’t atrophying.”
“Thanks, JARVIS.”
“Did you buy everything they made?” Steve asks as he roots around, pulling out a cinnamon roll, all gooey and smothered with frosting. It smells incredible, and he bites into it, unable to stop the moan that slips from his mouth.
Steve’s grip tightens a little, and Tony smiles to himself as Steve pulls him even closer, one hand cupping the back of Tony’s head. “Hey,” Steve says. “Look at me.”
The grip in his hair goes, and then he feels Steve gently wiping his face with his hand, followed by what feels like a tissue. “Okay,” Steve says, pressing a thumb against Tony’s bottom lip for a moment. “You’re good.”
“Yeah, I know,” Tony says, leaning in and kissing Steve. It’s sloppy, Steve barely hanging onto what composure he has left, and Tony grazes his teeth against Steve’s bottom lip. “Come for me, sweetheart,” Tony whispers. “Do it.”
Tony shakes his head, an embarrassed look crossing his face. “You’re really going to start that already.”
And with that, it’s like Tony’s world is completely narrowed to only Steve. He feels like a damn teenager again, or what he assumes most teenagers feel like, his teenage years were spent in a fucked up haze he’d rather not remember but this—. It’s the hottest thing Tony’s experienced in a long goddamn time, even with the morning’s earlier activities fresh in his mind.
“A movie,” Steve says with a small smile as DUM-E rolls over to say hi. “Now answer my question.”
“Lower floor, I’ve still got the sceptre.”
“They were a secret division of Nazis, Tony, they weren’t exactly advertising back in the forties. And if they do have him then maybe... maybe they don’t use him all the time, maybe they—Tony, this could go deeper.”
“Well, it’s the truth,” Steve says. “You were.”
Tony walks away before Steve can say anything, and Steve’s never felt colder in his entire life.
“I thought maybe it was a sign from Natasha. That maybe, wherever she is, she was telling us to sort our shit out,” Steve shrugs, a self conscious smile on his face. “I told you it was stupid.”
“Don’t you dare,” Steve says. He’s right in front of Tony now, so close that Tony could count every freckle on his face. “Tony, I—” Steve sighs, his hand coming up to cup Tony’s cheek. “Stop me if you—”
“And we all left you alone,” Tony says with a slow realisation. “Wow, we suck.”
“What?”
“No,” Steve says. “About
“Trouble,” Tony reiterates. “You—you’re trouble.”
Steve startles when something lands in his lap, and he looks up to see Tony smiling. “What happened to those reflexes?” Tony asks as he drops down on the couch next to him.
Steve lines himself up against Tony’s hole, dragging the head of his cock teasingly against it and laughing when Tony kicks him with his heel. “Rude,” Steve says as he pushes inside, watching as Tony’s eyes flutter shut, his eyelashes brushing against his flushed cheeks. As much as Steve wants to bend Tony in half and fuck him until he’s screaming, there’s something about slowly sliding inside Tony that’s making his entire body ache. Knowing that, as far as Tony’s body is concerned, this is the first time Tony’s ever taken a cock is making Steve want to stretch this out for as long as possible, to watch Tony take every single inch of him like it’s the first time all over again.
“They don’t know I’m dating a genius.”
“Right,” Steve mumbles, ducking his head and carrying on working on Tony, his hands a little firmer against Tony’s body. “Okay.”
Tony’s fucking floating by the time Steve’s finished, and he gladly sinks into the bed when Steve’s body covers him, Steve whispering in his ear how proud he is of him. “One more,” Tony mumbles. He can feel Steve’s body still on top of him. “Please?”
The way JARVIS says that makes Steve’s stomach twist and he stops in front of the elevator. “JARVIS? If Tony needs something, if he—I can trust you to use your best judgement, right?”
“Not unless you feel you need to,” Steve raises an eyebrow. “What have you been doing since you got out? I know you said you retired, but—”
“No, but—”
“Get me to the bedroom and we’ll see.”
“Yeah,” Tony says. “Ready.”
Tony shrugs. “I just put out the call for traders, paid for the stalls, covered the permits,” he says. “Wasn’t much.”
“Do it again.”
“I wouldn’t expect that,” Pierce says. “But you did need to see him before—” Pierce pauses, narrowing his eyes. “Well. I’ve said enough.”
Tony groans as Steve idly works his finger in and out of him. He’s not going to get hard again so soon, but it’s making a low level of pleasure spark through his body, just enough to make him feel all kinds of warm.
Steve leans back in his chair and bites his bottom lip as he looks at Tony, not entirely sure how his idea is going to be taken. “There’s a Christmas Market in town,” he says. “I want to go.”
“Just don’t break anything.”
Tony’s hands are gripping the sheets, sweat running down his spine as he waits for the next hit. It’s the anticipation that gets him every time, listening to Steve’s movements, wondering if he’s done with his hand or if he’s going to pick up the paddle.
“Hey,” Tony says, nudging Steve with his elbow. “I know this was your idea, but if you don’t want to be here—”
,” Steve blurts out, instantly regretting it when Tony rolls his eyes. “Tony—”
“Yeah,” Steve says, the corners of his mouth turning up as he smiles. “He still works for the VA when they need him, but when I took over the shop, I needed people I could trust and Sam was a natural choice.”
“I think you’re allowed some time off, considering everything.”
Blindly, Steve seeks out Tony’s mouth, kissing him sloppily, relishing in the feel of Tony’s body underneath him, and the fact that his cock is still inside him. “You good?” Steve asks, one hand cupping Tony’s face.
“You just want to make out with me without Clint making kissing noises.”
“That’s either brave or stupid, and I’m not sure which one. Kind of leaning towards stupid, though.”
They’re a little blurry, like whoever was taking them had a hard time staying steady, but he can see the black stockings all the way up Tony’s legs, the little gold clips attaching them to the garter belt, and—and the underwear. The lacy black underwear that’s barely covering anything of Tony.
“Steve.”
“Tony.”
“I already have some calls in,” Natasha says. “Are you sure you want me to make more?”
Steve pauses, pushing up on an elbow and looks down at Tony. “You are,” he says softly, running a hand over Tony’s chest, his fingers tracing the scars around the reactor. “I know what you think about this, how you see yourself, but that’s not how I see it. That’s not how I see you.”
Tony turns to look at him. “I guess I want a tattoo.”
“Not too fond of it myself,” Tony says quietly, enjoying the feel of Steve’s touch on his skin. “There’s a bottle in the top left hand drawer, it’s the only one with my real name on it.”
His head is woozy, and it’s not only from the head trauma, it’s medicinal, it’s something in his blood and that’s—.
Tony nods in acceptance, knowing it’s true. That if he’d been less of a wreck, less caught up in his own shit, he would’ve been there to look after Steve, to say goodbye to Sarah in a way she deserved. Sarah had never been anything but loving towards him, even when she looked at him like she knew what he was doing to himself and wanted to call him out on it. She never did, though, not even when he was visibly coming down, and there’s a churning in his gut at the knowledge that he’ll never get to talk to her again.
“Avoidance.”
“I’ll, uh, coffee?” Steve scrambles to get off the bed and looks Tony over, his gaze fixing on the slip of Tony’s skin exposed by the robe for a moment before he meets Tony’s eyes. “I’ll get you coffee.”
Stumbling out of bed, Steve heads to his bathroom, and gets the shower going as hot as his skin can stand. His legs are barely holding him up, but it helps, it’s helping. The bathroom fills with steam and he breathes it in, the coldness in his chest dissipating with each inhale.
“It’s possible I haven’t been fucked. Yet. I’m not sure, it’s not like I got carbon dated when that ray hit me.”
“What?” Steve says, his fingers soft against Tony’s cheek. “What did you think I was thinking?”
“Why would I leave?”
“Good, great,” Steve says. “I’ll finish cleaning up and then we can go.”
“Want to crawl into bed with me and cry?” Tony asks. “You’re safe with me, if that’s what you want to do.”
“Yeah,” Tony says softly. “She is. She’s got alzheimers, I visit her sometimes, she—well. She has good days, more bad ones lately.”
“That’s it? That’s all you have to say?”
“Really?” Steve asks, raising an eyebrow. “Cheating.”
Steve glances over at Tony. “Not your fault.”
,” Tony cries out as he comes, spilling all over Steve’s hand, his body jerking. “Fuck, I—let me touch you, please, I need—”
“Good,” Tony slurs, exhaustion coming over him, and he feels his body sinking into the bed. “Steve?” he says, jerking himself awake.
Steve’s attention is caught by someone yelling over at him, and he rolls his eyes, waving a hand in the air before he looks back at Tony. “Apparently I’m behind schedule,” he says. “But I—if I’m presuming, could I come over tonight?”
“What? No,” Tony says as he switches the water off before turning around. He looks at Steve, his eyes following the drops of water making their way down Steve’s chest. “I mean. Stop distracting me with your chest.”
“It is when he doesn’t want you,” Tony says, finding it hard to get the words out. Rubbing a hand over his face, Tony shakes his head and sighs. “I’ve embarrassed myself enough, I think you should go.”
“It’s a surprise.”
“You sure?” Steve asks, running his hand through Tony’s hair before gripping the strands and lifting Tony’s head up from the bed so he can look him in the eyes. “I’m going to take my hand away, if you fall to your knees, that’s on you.”
“Uh huh,” Tony says. “The worst kind of cheating.”
“You’re going to give me a really good view of your ass? Because that’s not a threat—”
“Steve—”
Steve wakes up shivering, grasping for something he can’t reach, the memory of ice water rushing into his lungs so vivid he feels like his chest is going to cave in. Making fists with his hands, he digs his nails into his palms, trying to calm himself.
“Uh huh,” Tony says, slumped against Steve’s body. “Didn’t expect that when I came up here,” he continues, lifting his head to meet Steve’s eyes as he slowly comes back to himself.
“Tony—”
“See, that’s why I’m staying in the bathroom,” Tony says. “So if you—
“You don’t
“Yeah,” Tony says. “Mama Rhodes was always good to me.”
Steve presses his lips together, trying to figure out how to say it. “The other me? That note he left me? He told me to trust you.”
“I’ll nap on the plane,” he says, taking the mug from Steve. “I’ll be fully conscious for Peg, don’t worry.”
Tony pauses for a moment before he joins Steve on the bed, tentatively resting a hand on his back. “Did I say something wrong?”
“For doing this with me,” Steve says quietly. “Taking on Hydra. Trusting me. Everything that you’ve been doing.”
Natasha curls her legs underneath her and leans back against the couch cushions, her eyes darkening. “Possibly. I don’t know what you’re looking for, but—”
Lifting his legs up so Tony can sit down, Steve pulls himself up into a seat, his back resting against the arm of the couch and his socked feet pressing lightly against Tony’s thigh. “So what does Reed mean by that?”
Tony’s not sure what the protocol is for having someone who you could’ve fallen in love with sitting in your vacation beach house in a pair of black shorts and a loose salmon coloured t-shirt, but he’d like a guide for it right about now, thanks.
“I wish you wouldn’t do that.”
Steve nods before he leans in and kisses Tony, one hand gently cupping his cheek as he takes what he wants. “Get in position,” he says, his voice rough as he steps back, his gaze never leaving Tony.
“We do.”
“I do,” Steve says, before he finishes his drink and puts his mug down on the counter. “Come on, let's get you cleaned up and in bed. We could both do with some sleep.”
Everyone’s gathered in the large kitchen on the communal floor, and Steve watches as Tony goes straight for the coffee, pouring out two large mugs. Steve sits down at the table, across from Natasha and smiles at Tony when he hands him a mug. “Thanks,” Steve says, taking a sip before putting it down. There’s leftover pizza on the table, and Steve snags a box, eating it cold as he waits for Tony to finish making a bagel.
Bruce lets out a quiet laugh. “Thanks, Tony, I think we’ll all appreciate that.”
“You are aware neither of us can get pregnant, right?”
The mug warms his hands as he breathes in the scent of it. There’s a hint of cinnamon in the mix, and Steve needs to remember to ask Sam where he got it so he can stock up for the rest of winter. Tony’s done, pouring his drink into a mug, and Steve is suddenly hit with a panic that Tony’s going to walk away.
“I need to—”
Tony’s there when Steve finally gets back to the tower, sitting on the couch with a tablet in his hand and Steve lets himself be grateful for the fact he has someone to come home to, even if it’s—. Well. Complicated. He walks over and sits on the couch, slumping back against the cushions. Fiddling with the watch he takes it off and drops it in Tony’s lap. “Thanks,” he says.
Feeling his cheeks heat up, Steve looks down at the pan and picks up the hot chocolate solids, dropping them in with the slowly heating up milk and watching them melt.
“You’re really scared of babies aren’t you?”
“I know,” Steve says, heading out of the workshop. “But you need to sleep, at least for a couple hours, and if you’re not going to listen to me, then—”
“Far enough?” Steve asks softly.
Steve laughs. “I don’t want a spa weekend,” he says. “I wouldn’t be opposed to a massage, but not from a stranger.”
So all of them move in, Steve settling into a lower floor quite comfortably, and he ends up spending most of his time helping to rebuild the tower. What Steve really wants to be doing is to be in the city helping people, working to fix all the damage the battle caused, but whenever he tries the press swarm him. Between the yelling and the cameras in his face, Steve’s come to realise he’s a distraction from the work good people have been doing, and he hates it.
It’s not that Steve doesn’t enjoy spending time with the kids at the children’s hospital, he’s always happy to, but it’s been a long damn day. Lunch with Tony got cancelled because of an emergency at one of Tony’s manufacturing plants, and then the hospital asked if Steve could come earlier than planned, so Steve didn’t get to see him before he left. If it had been any other week, Steve wouldn’t be so irritated, but they’ve both been so busy that they’ve barely been able to spend any time together.
“Well. You had to have been working on the painting before you kissed me, so—”
Tony swallows, trying not to lean into Steve’s touch. “Good,” he says. “Considering I’m here to get it finished.”
“Sounds good,” Steve says, taking the bottle and draining it as Natasha walks out of the gym. After putting away the gear from earlier, Steve leaves the gym and heads up to his room where he quickly showers and gets dressed. Snagging a baseball cap from his dresser, Steve heads down to the lobby where he finds Natasha waiting for him.
“Hey, I’ll have you know that’s... probably accurate, but ignoring that, you get distracted?”
“You’ve never been tattooed before, right?”
“Yes, I make all my making out decisions based on Clint,” Steve says, smiling when Tony laughs. “No, I—I’d just like to spend some time with you before I have to deal with Pierce.”
“I do.”
“I don’t want you to end up hurting yourself because you’re too tired to function,” Steve says. “I want you to be safe.” Steve’s not sure how to take being compared to Pepper. He doesn’t exactly mind, given that she’s an exceptionally capable woman, but there’s an underlying meaning to it he can’t quite parse. His thoughts are cut off by the elevator opening, and he gestures at Tony to go ahead.
Steve shifts, his arm coming to rest on the back of the couch as he looks at Tony. “She’s a good customer,” he says. “I’ll have to figure out a way of thanking her.”
“Gorgeous,” Steve says, his voice barely over a whisper. “So gorgeous for
“No,” Tony says. “Feels, uh, good.”
“Uh,” Tony coughs before grabbing a towel and wrapping it around his waist, trying to avoid the bruises as he tightens it. “Sure.”
“What?”
—” Steve winces as he feels the knife slice into his thigh before it’s quickly pulled out again by Bucky.
“Because I was an asshole.”
Tony’s the one to break the kiss, his chest rising and falling with every breath he takes as he stares as Steve, his eyes wide, and Steve’s suddenly terrified by the thought he’s done this too soon.
“What?”
“It’s my day off,” Steve says, finishing the last of his burger and crumpling up the wrapper, throwing it in the trash can. “You’re my only client.”
“Haven’t thought about it,” Tony says. “I’ll have work for SI, and Morgan will need me, but other than that? I have no clue.”
Tony walks over and looks at the stencil, his mind automatically filling in how it’s going to look when it’s coloured, and he feels a frisson of excitement run through his body. “Yeah,” he says, a big smile breaking out on his face. “Let's do this.”
“Then for what?”
Tony frowns before it dawns on him what Steve’s saying. “Are you telling me you were running shirtless to get my attention?” Tony asks, feeling Steve freeze. “Steve?”
Steve snorts, his hand lightly trailing down Tony’s spine. “Stress,” he says. “When you get rid of the stress you can sleep. I’m hungry, though.”
“Because I’m so old?”
Steve laughs, feeling a lot lighter than he did five minutes ago, and he nods. “Okay,” he says. “One day.”
“Be easier if I knew what to do with it.”
There’s part of him that’s terrified to see her. A part of him that worries that maybe seeing him will cause her a kind of pain that Steve’s not ready to be responsible for.
“You really want to find him?” Natasha asks, shifting lightly from foot to foot.
Steve hasn’t said a word since Tony took his shirt off, his head tilted as he looks at Tony’s skin, and the longer the silence goes on, the more Tony wants to pull his shirt back on and leave.
Tony kisses Steve’s temple. “I’m sorry,” he says softly. “Tell me how to fix this for you.”
“So gorgeous,” Steve says, the head of his cock pressing against Tony’s hole. “Could just keep you like this all day, splayed out on the bed, your ass so red and your cock hard, waiting for me to fuck you.”
“What was the point of this?” Steve asks as they walk out of the room, making sure not to give Bucky another look as he leaves. “Was this supposed to shock me? Make me punch you? Disavow Hydra?”
“I trust you,” Steve interrupts. “I just—I think your theory might be right. Rumlow followed me into the elevator and told me I have to meet with Pierce tonight, but protocol would be for Fury to tell me that. Fury didn’t even mention Pierce still being in New York.”
“Wow,” Steve says, smothering a laugh. “Really, that’s—where did you
“Stranger than aliens?” Clint asks. “Oh this should be good.”
“They don’t mean anything. I’ve had awards from more places than I can count, but do any of them actually mean anything? Did they change anything for the better? No. Luca’s father? He worked on a project that meant we could develop ways to grow food in inhospitable climates. That’s worth complimenting.”
“Not really bothered about them,” Steve says honestly. “Only you.”
“Tony.”
One day in September, Tony gets his three year chip with Steve in the room, smiling proudly from his seat, and the scent of burnt coffee and stale pastries in the air.
Tony raises an eyebrow. “You don’t say?”
“What is it?”
“I’ve been called worse,” Steve says, taken aback when Tony laughs. It lights up his entire face, making the stress he carries melt away, and Steve’s struck by the urge to make it happen again. “It—the note said what my mom would make me for my birthday,” he says, once Tony’s laughter dies down. “No one else would know that, no one alive, anyway. So I took a chance on believing him. Myself.”
Huffing out a laugh, Tony opens his eyes to see Steve smiling at him like they’ve never been apart. Tapping his fingers against the curve of Steve’s hip, Tony sighs. “So,” he says. “Where do we go from here?”
“Because I don’t need to be, right JARVIS?”
“Not getting rid of me,” Steve says, kissing the back of Tony’s hand. “Promise.”
Tony swallows, his eyes sparkling as he looks back at the painting. “It’s amazing,” he says in a hoarse voice before gently resting it against the couch. “Open yours.”
Tony pauses, the mug halfway to his mouth. “I didn’t know there was a us to ruin,” he says, lowering the mug without taking a sip. “Steve, I—”
“Had to happen at some point.”
“But you, uh. We kissed, and that—”
Steve suppresses a sigh as they pull into the garage, Tony switching the engine off. The silence is overpowering and he watches Tony’s hands tighten on the steering wheel before letting go.
“I’m always going to say bigger is better,” Steve says with a low chuckle. “But with the numbers, if you want them worked into the roses, then I’d take up the whole side so that they’re not lost in the design.”
Tony follows Steve through the swing doors at hip height and through the work area to the back room he noticed earlier. Sitting down on a stool, Steve clasps his hands together and looks at Tony. “If it’s not your dick, what is it you want to show me?”
“I’m not gonna—” Steve pauses, his finger sliding inside Tony. “God, you’re so—I’m just leaking out of you.”
Taking a deep breath, Steve pushes open the door Tony had closed behind him, and then he sees her, Peggy. Sitting up in bed in a blue nightgown, her grey hair styled perfectly, a little bit of lipstick that he’s sure Tony must’ve helped her put on. She still looks beautiful to his eyes.
“God, you’re annoyingly cheerful sometimes,” Natasha says, but Steve can see the slight upturn of her mouth.
“Shhh,” Tony says, appreciating the light flush he can see on Steve’s skin. “Just let me enjoy it.”
“What do you want me to say?” Steve asks. “Come here,” he says, face softening as he gestures with his hand. “Let me see up close.”
“Tony.”
“Guess I’ll put myself in your hands,” Tony says, a shiver running down his spine as Steve’s fingers trace the length of his side down to his waistband.
“I wanted to kiss you,” Steve says quickly. “I don’t know if you thought it was a joke, or that I was ticking something off a list, or—but I wanted to do it. Been wanting to do it for a while.”
“I don’t know, you’re sneaky sometimes,” Tony says. “You could use your super soldier skills.”
“You know I never liked that side of your life anyway, Tony,” Steve says, bringing Tony’s hand up with his and kissing it. “There’s a million ways you could try and talk yourself out of this, and I get it, I really do. But I just want to know one thing.”
Tony burrows deeper in his blankets, squeezing his eyes shut and trying to forget the last year. Taking control of Stark Industries was one thing, even if it had been a shock to Obie and the rest of the board when Tony came of age and started dispensing of all his dad’s old cronies, but SI’s exploration team actually finding Steve? Tony deciding Steve should come live with him? Tony has regrets.
“I know, I just—you got
“You—
Steve shrugs. “I’ve got a lot to catch up on. JARVIS?”
“Uh huh,” Tony says, leaning in so close he could count the water drops clinging to Steve’s eyelashes. “Just a little.”
“Play something from my list? Something Tony likes?”
“Not what? Honey, you gotta help me out here,” Tony says. “Not a mind reader.”
“I do. There’s meetings just outside town, and my sponsor is, well. She’s rude and cranky, but that’s exactly what I need.”
“You know I’m with you,” Tony says, kissing Steve’s cheek before rubbing away the cream cheese with a sheepish smile.
“Too much? It was too much, wasn’t it? Too soon, really, I shouldn’t be saying things like that when we haven’t even slept together, and—it’s fine, we can forget I ever—”
Tony swallows, trying not to move as Steve slowly works the cream into his skin. “Then how?”
“Thank you, Captain Rogers.”
“I’m good,” Steve says. “I can see it from here.”
“I don’t want to leave,” Steve says. “Tony, I want—”
“Jesus,” Steve says after a moment. “That was—”
“That’s what I thought.” Letting go, Steve reaches over Tony’s body to grab the lube from the bedside table. Kneeling on the bed, he nudges Tony’s legs apart, watching the way the lighting in their bedroom makes the gold on Tony’s body shine. “God, Tony, you look incredible,” he says, slicking up his fingers and pressing them against Tony’s hole.
“I’ll talk to Tony about it,” Steve says absently as he looks down at what he has left of his food. “He’ll have some ideas.”
“Good,” Steve says, leaning down and kissing him. It’s still strange to not feel Tony’s goatee scratching against his face, but the fact Steve can bend him in half a lot easier is kind of making up for it. Starting to move his hips, Steve swallows the groan Tony lets out as he slams into him.
“While you slept in,” Tony repeats. “We’re watching Die Hard.” Tony looks at Steve. “Any objections?”
“We do,” Pierce says, clapping Steve on the back. “The world is changing, Captain. Ever since Tony Stark didn’t die in that cave and came back with a mission, Hydra knew that a day of reckoning would come. That we’d have to be ready. Your pal there, he’s been part of our biggest missions.”
“You’re not a coward,” Tony cuts in. “I invented a flying suit, and have more than one private jet, and do you know how many times I’ve been to visit her since I became Iron Man? Four. Four times. You’re not a coward for not visiting her yet, Steve. No more than I am.”
“We’re both idiots,” Steve says, rubbing a palm over his face. “We could’ve—
“Captain Rogers, I am sorry to interrupt,” JARVIS interjects. “But Director Fury is on the line, and he’s quite insistent.”
Steve’s fairly sure his face is bright red and he doesn’t know how to respond to Tony’s words. He squeezes Tony’s hand before he looks up, taken aback by the fire in Tony’s eyes. “Thank you,” Steve says quietly, letting go of Tony’s hand. “That—thank you.”
“Then stay,” Steve says. “I won’t be long, and my place isn’t far from here if you want to, I don’t know, have a late night snack?”
By the time he’s out of the shower, he’s stopped shivering, but he can’t shake the memories, can’t get them out of his head. Steve forgot, almost, what it was like to have the nightmares, it’s been months since he had one and it’s been almost a year since it was this bad. Looking at his bunched up sheets, Steve sighs and gets dressed, knowing he won’t be able to get back to sleep tonight.
“Yeah,” Tony says, tapping his fingers against his mug. “You know, I wouldn’t be surprised.”
“For caring about Mr Stark.”
“So it’s my fault?”
Tony fucking hates being kidnapped, he hated it before Afghanistan and now he—.
“I don’t—what thing?” Steve sticks his hands in his pockets and ducks his head as they pass by a crowd of people.
“What?” Tony asks, shifting in his seat across the table from Steve.
Steve scrambles to sit up, not entirely sure how to react to the enormous amount of faith Tony’s put in him, so he just stares at him, mouth slightly parted as he processes what Tony’s saying. It’s not that he didn’t know Tony was supporting him in this, Steve wouldn’t have been able to get as far as he has without Tony being behind him, but to hear it put into words makes the uncomfortable churning in his gut vanish, only to be replaced with something else. Something that makes Steve want to lay Tony out on the bed and take his fill of him.
“I want to bend you over the bed,” Steve says in a low tone, his hand running down Tony’s body and gripping his ass. “I could make you raw, make you beg for it, and fuck you so good you won’t even know you’re in pain until afterwards when you try sitting down.”
Tony lets Steve get him onto the bed, arranging his limbs as he wants, and he waits in anticipation, trying not to rut against the bed. Letting out a sigh when he feels Steve’s hands against his hip, Tony closes his eyes, just wanting Steve to take charge.
“I’ll get another pan,” Tony says quietly. “If you don’t mind showing me.”
“Wow, okay,” Tony says, climbing off Steve and getting out of bed. “Come on. I’m going to be right there with you.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony croaks out, his throat sore. “Steve, I—”
“Come here,” Steve says, coaxing Tony onto his lap. Reaching up, Steve cups Tony’s cheek and draws him down into a kiss, taking reassurance from the way Tony so easily opens up to him and lets him take what he needs. “Thank you,” he says when he breaks the kiss, thumb brushing over a streak of grease on Tony’s cheekbone.
And Steve can’t find a reason to say no.
“Sure they are,” Steve says, letting go and straightening up. “Just pants.”
“Both?”
Getting back in the bed, Tony realises he’s too awake to go back to sleep, and he sits up with his back against the headboard just staring at Steve sleeping in his bed so peacefully. He’s about to press his thumb against the frown lines between Steve’s eyebrows when his phone rings.
“Yeah, that’s kind of the problem. I can’t stop, Steve, if I stop then—” Tony breaks off and shakes his head. “I can’t stop.”
“You think they were giving him a version of the serum,” Tony says, staring at Steve. “You—if you’re right, then if Hydra are still around and have had their own super soldier for years, how could anyone not know?”
There could be a full USO routine going on in the corner of the room and Steve would be completely unaware as long as he’s got Tony beneath him reacting so beautifully to everything Steve’s doing. Steve didn’t know it could be like this, that he could let himself get consumed entirely by another person, and Steve’s struck by the fact that he would burn down worlds to keep this. To keep Tony.
Steve laughs before he rolls them over. Looking down at Tony, he lowers his head and kisses him. “Hey,” he says, pulling back a little. “Happy Halloween.”
“We could blow some stuff up,” Tony says, shrugging. “That usually works.”
“For the two seconds it took to have the photo taken,” Steve says, huffing out a laugh. “Then they just kept crying.”
“I did.”
“We can always use another,” Pierce says. “Now. You said you didn’t have much time, so I’ll see you out.”
“Yeah,” Steve says simply. “You should’ve been.”
“Huh? Oh, soon? JARVIS filed the flight plan,” he says, picking up his phone.
“I know you don’t like the cold,” Tony says seriously. “If you—”
Steve laughs. “Now that sounds familiar.”
“You don’t have to keep apologising,” Steve says. “I’m not—this isn’t to make you feel guilty. I don’t want you to feel guilty, I just—I don’t know.” Steve laughs softly, looking down at the floor for a moment before he fixes his gaze on Tony. “How long do you have?”
“I didn’t know you before the war,” Tony says carefully. “I like the person I’ve got to know these past few weeks. But I know what it’s like to not be the same person you were. What happened in Afghanistan changed me and, honestly you wouldn’t have liked the person I was before that.” He pauses, looking at Steve’s reflection in the mirror. “I didn’t like the person I was before that,” he adds in a quieter tone.
