Howard doesn’t quite know what to do with babies. To be fair, Maria thinks, as she hurries down the hallway to the nursery, she doesn’t really know what to do with babies either. They’re both so much older than Tony is, having waited until Stark Industries is established and thriving before deciding to have children, and having been only children in small families, well, they’re just not as familiar with babies. The difference, she decides as she nears Tony’s nursery, her infant son’s screams getting louder as he gets closer, is that she, unlike her husband, has decided that she will
He owes Tony an explanation, he decides. Tony deserves to know why he refused to sign, deserves a full and complete explanation that’s more than just an “I don’t want to” and Steve walking out. They were supposed to be a team, they should have made this decision together, but he’d let Ross rip through them like paper and never even told Tony why he’d let him.
Before Steve left New York, Bucky would say that Steve has a hero complex. He would say that if a situation was going south, Steve was always going to be the one to step up and play the white knight. And that’s true. Steve has never been able to ignore a bad situation. He’s always been the one to stop the bullies beating up kids on the playground, the frat bros plying the girls with drinks at the tailgates, the guys harassing women at the bars. That’s who he is. That’ll
“You know, this was nice,” Tony says sleepily, which is likely the only reason he says it. An awake Tony would never admit to this. “We should do this more often.”
“I’ve never done that before,” he admits. “With a guy, I mean. And I was really getting scared I would let you leave without kissing you. I really didn’t want to let that happen.”
“Trying to get the backup generators online,” Tony says exhaustedly. Steve drags his gaze up to Tony’s eyes. He looks tired and stressed, and Steve starts planning out ways to relax him. “Whoever last inspected them is going to be lucky if they still have a job after this, because they weren’t in any shape to be trying to run the entire tower. The
He barely noticed Tony drive off, too preoccupied with Sam sweeping him up into a bearhug. Steve gave as good as he got though; they were both out of breath by the time Sam let him down. Bucky’s hug was just as fierce, though he seemed a little more distracted, still staring after Tony’s car.
“Pick up a new one,” Steve decided. “I don’t anyone to lose their job over a simple mistake. We’ll get it tomorrow when we go into town.”
go to other implications of that phrase. “I’m sure you’re just fine to—as a bedmate,” he says, stumbling over the words.
They’re on a Caribbean island this time, at a vacation house that Tony has apparently rented for their discussion. It’s a nice house, not as spacious (empty, he really means) as Tony’s home in Sweden, but bigger than the safehouse Steve had taken them to the last time he’d met up. Tony is already there when Steve arrives, standing in the open kitchen in jean and a button-down with the sleeves rolled up as he chops vegetables. Steve hopes the meal means that Tony will be staying for longer than the duration of their talk this time. He misses Tony, his snark, his wit, the surprising care with which he treats Steve, considering how frequently they butt heads.
To his further surprise, Tony was as docile as a lamb while turning out of the lot. Steve almost said something, but managed to keep his mouth shut at the last minute. He hadn’t ridden in a car driven by Tony in fifteen years. When they occasionally met up after work, it was always at one of the bars by Tony’s place, close enough that they walked back to his apartment building. He had no idea how Tony’s driving habits had changed over the years, and he doubted Tony would thank him for pointing out the change.
“Look, man, I’d sign in a heartbeat if I didn’t think we’d get screwed over the moment we had another Lagos.”
“What are you saying?” Tony asked, frowning at him. “You think we could keep the show going if we found backing from another group?”
They breathe together for a while, taking comfort in the fact that they’re both there together. Eventually Tony says, “So you do like your birthday present then?”
out either, even if it’s just to see if his attraction is a real thing or if it’s just because he hasn’t had sex in almost a year.
“Hey,” Steve says, jogging up to Tony. How to play this off? Act like he doesn’t know why Natasha left? Try to play it suave? Do something else? “Where’d Natasha go?” Ah, so he’s going with the route that he and Natasha definitely didn’t talk about this being a date, no way, no how.
Bucky shrugs. “This is the first peace I’ve had in—in a long time. I don’t think I’m ready to go back to the fight.”
“Rude. You should have been down here, catering to my every whim.” Tony said, punctuating each word with another poke.
“Of course I’ve thought about it,” he lies, not very well if the amused look Nat gives him is anything to go off of.
If there was one thing that Steve hated about Pierce more than anything else, it was the way the man played to both sides. He’d donated to both the Republican and the Democrat nominees equally in the last presidential race, he had both liberal and conservative financial backers for the station, and he frequently hosted both socialists and alt-right members at his monthly parties. Steve couldn’t quite figure the man out and that bothered him. Sometimes he thought Pierce supported whichever cause, left or right, he thought was more likely to help him, but everyone had values. Steve just couldn’t figure out what Pierce’s were.
He hates it when Tony looks like that, when he looks like he’s got the weight of the world on his shoulders. It wasn’t Tony’s fault Rhodey crashed. If anything, it was Steve’s for running.
Tony rolls onto his side, propping his head up on his hand. “And what do you have to say to accusations that you won’t clean my lingerie either?”
Tony groaned, “I don’t know, but I don’t know what else to think. You know Rumlow and Pierce are close. Could Pierce have told him the show was getting cancelled but to keep it quiet and Rumlow just ignored him?”
“The mutant you’ve been telling me about? What if he took Wanda in? You said he works with mutants of all ages at all level of ability. Wanda’s not exactly a mutant, but maybe he’d still be willing to train her. Or find someone who can,” he amends.
“I didn’t say you were the one in denial.” Maybe he hadn’t said it, but it certainly sounded like he
“Fuck, I’m gonna have to become a superhero, aren’t I?” he mutters to himself as he watches Captain America face down a god that Tony only knows from Norse mythology. He hadn’t been planning on attending this gala, but the museum he’s been donating to over the last year had insisted (he hasn’t had the heart to tell them yet that he’d only been donating to them because their curator is named Steve Rogers), so he’d shown up, not expecting that a crazy god was going to crash the party and rip out someone’s eye.
Horrified, Steve’s eyes dart up from where he’d been looking at his hands to Sam. “No,” he exclaims. “That’s not—I didn’t—”
He’s sure that Tony doesn’t want his personal business spread all over town so he nods reassuringly and says, “Just talking about some stuff for the store.”
Steve had told himself that was exactly what he wanted all those years ago when he’d decided to never let himself be hurt again. The concept was intriguing, the pay was a lot better than where he was currently, and Hydra Programming had a reach all over the country instead of the regional radio station he worked at. “Sounds great, Mr. Pierce. Who’s going to be Mr. Right?”
“No,” Tony says, laughing again. It sounds a little hysterical now. “You know, back in ’85, Rhodey dragged me to this ROTC thing of his—I think it was a lecture, but honestly, it could have been anything—because he had this intellectual crush or something on this test pilot who was supposed to be there. Carol Danvers, her name was, way older than us, way
Steve chuckled and steered Tony in the direction of the door. “Better go make your phone call. You don’t want to be late for work.”
“That’s not a unilateral decision, that’s the logical next step after dating for three years. I’d been bringing up rings for months. You
But that didn’t seem to be what Tony wanted. And he knew that Tony had said it was just a joke, had said that this was the best job he’d ever had and that he wasn’t just going to give it up, but didn’t every joke have a kernel of truth to it? Wasn’t there a possibility, however small, that Tony was completely serious?
“Oh sure,” Steve sneered. “I’m sure you were so heartbroken over that new job you refused my proposal over.”
She smiles at him, a little sad, a little bittersweet. “Maybe to you it isn’t,” she says quietly. Shifters have soulmates, he remembers. What must that be like, he wonders, to know that somewhere out there is the perfect person for you but you can’t leave this town to find them? “I like this for you, Steve. Both of you. I think you just need a little push.”
Tony’s rising cock is tenting the front of the romper, leaving a small damp patch on the silk. Steve leans forward and nuzzles it gently, smiling as Tony moans helplessly, before rising to his feet, hands trailing up Tony’s legs to his hips. They stay there as he guides Tony back to the bed and gently pushes him to sit down on the edge. Tony takes the hint and lies back, shifting so his head rests on the pillows.
“Going through the census data again?” Uncle Grant asks him, carefully nudging Tony with his elbow (Uncle Grant is always
—you tell me what I don’t want to hear but need to anyway, and Steve, I really hope you can hear what I’m trying to say here because—”
Steve doesn’t know what to do with that smile. “Yeah,” he says distantly, only realizing once he’s said it that he sounds way too high-pitched. He clears his throat. “Uh, I mean, you’re welcome.”
“Bedtime would be a nightmare with or without the candy,” Steve said from the doorway. Tony turned to see him leaning up against the frame. “Seriously, have you ever met a kid who actually liked to go to bed?”
“Betty dear, this is Steve. Steve, Betty,” Tony said, clasping a hand onto Steve’s shoulder. Steve shrugged him off. They weren’t tactile, or at least, he tried to insist they weren’t tactile, though Tony rarely lived up to that.
Steve blinked at him. He hadn’t realized Tony had been paying so much attention as to notice when Steve’s friends were in town. “I, uh, yeah, they are.”
Tony’s business license arrives only three days after he submits the paperwork, which is great for Tony but terrible for Steve, who
He’d ignored her words for those first few weeks, but they’d been difficult to ignore after realizing Howard Stark was such a shitty person, he was making Tony cry from a thousand miles away. And they’d been downright impossible to ignore once Tony had gone to the Dean to argue that Tony’s stats professor should be fired. So that’s what he’s done for the last two years—he’s handled Tony with care, because god knows no one else does, least of all whoever gave Tony that black eye.
He pushed against it again, straining at the confines of his mind. There was something there, he could
“Just tonight,” Tony murmurs. “We can pretend we’re not fighting, pretend it’s like it used to be in the tower.”
He plucks two ice cubes from the bowl. One of them, he places it in Tony’s bared navel. “Keep it there,” he instructs. “Don’t let it slide.” The other cube, he traces around Tony’s nipples, alternating between using the cold ice and his warm mouth. Tony pants his name, hands clenching and unclenching in the sheets, but he stays still, keeping the ice as still as he can while it melts.
Tony was oddly subdued that morning. He arrived late to their weekly meeting with the production staff and other show hosts, slinking in ten minutes after it began with only one cup of coffee in his hand instead of the usual two. Steve told himself he wasn’t upset that Tony hadn’t brought him a cup the way he always did—he
to go out with him, let alone someone as incredible as Tony. But it should have been obvious. He had been nervous. He’d asked him to a
“But that’s a good thing, right?” Steve asks desperately, not sure what else to say when Tony looks so distraught.
Steve sets his bag down and when he looks back up, Tony is standing right in front of him, so close Steve could count every long lash blinking at him. “Uh,” he says, wondering if he should take a step back. Tony catches hold of his arm, keeping him right there.
Oh shit, he’s panicking, and he needs to not be panicking. There’s only room for one panicking person in this maybe-relationship and that person is almost always Tony. So he needs to calm down.
being careful.” He pats at the beard he’s started growing over the last few weeks, after Sam mentioned that he has one of the most recognizable faces on the planet. “We both are. I’m not the only one who has a lot to lose if we get caught; neither of us want to go to prison.”
He carefully shifts Tony off his lap and stands before bending down to scoop Tony into his arms. It’s hard, trying to get back through the open window and into Tony’s room without dropping him, but he manages it. He’d never drop Tony, not this darling boy. He adores him too much to let any harm come to him.
“As for Clint, his trial finished yesterday. He’s being fined a small amount for the repairs for the Compound and he’s confined to house arrest at his farm for two years and isn’t supposed to pick up his bow for three years, though how the UN thinks they’re going to enforce that is beyond me. I mean, really, I’d love to see them go to Clint’s house to try to tell him he can’t shoot for three years. They’d all come back with suction cup arrows plastered to their foreheads.”
“Yes, I’m sure,” Tony says impatiently, even as he shivers, hips twitching as the ice melts. “Get that gorgeous cock of yours out of your pants and come on my stomach.”
Steve resigns himself to spending the rest of the afternoon listening to the entire story about Luis and his cousin Ernesto.
“We have to try,” he said firmly, because he couldn’t ignore a situation going south. He’d never been able to.
Which is true. Wakanda may be slowly opening up to the world in that they’re sharing their technological advancements (Tony, he knows from their conversations, is salivating over what they’ve accomplished), but their borders are still closed. Bucky is as safe as houses here, for as long as he decides to stay.
Tony throws himself into the snow, smoothly shifting between lizard and human as he leaps. He thinks he hears Steve choke, but he’s too busy rolling around in the snow to pay attention. The cold always feels so
Steve, having no idea what Captain Crunch is supposed to be a reference to, makes a mental note to ask Tony about it once they’re done here. For now, though, he uses all of his strength and slowly—so
“We are,” Tony said, smiling wistfully at the picture. He wished he and Steve had been able to linger longer together in their bedroom that morning. It had had the potential to be such a good morning if he hadn’t been so fuzzy minded. It was rare that they were both up early enough to… get things done. “Come on! I’ll show you to your desk.”
certainly do,” Steve said, eyeing what Tony hadn’t been able to pick up on his fingers. He thought about bending down and licking it off, but moving seemed impossible right now. Tony grinned at him like he knew what Steve was thinking, which, to be fair, he probably did. They’d been married long enough that they frequently knew what was going through the other’s mind.
“You’re firing us instead,” Tony said, hands clenching the armrests of the chair so hard his knuckles were turning white. Steve was almost surprised he couldn’t hear the wood creaking under his grip.
Thor laughs, that great booming laugh of his that rattles the windows in their panes. “As though I could,” he says jovially before sobering again. “Truly, though, I cannot imagine what might have Anthony so upset if not for the store failing and as it is empty in here, I can conclude little else. I may—”
The next message is an address, one that Steve recognizes from one of the team bonding exercises he’d held back when he, Nat, and Clint had left the remnants of SHIELD for the Avengers. It’s one of Tony’s houses, the one in Sweden, originally built by Howard to be off the grid so that the Stark family could escape the press. According to Tony, only he and Maria had used it, Howard too caught up in his own brilliance to want to get away for a few weeks.
The next couple of minutes pass by in a blur. It’s not until they’re onboard the Quinjet—Tony has to keep from snickering at the name, since
Steve exchanged a confused look with Tony. “Not that I can think of,” he said slowly. “Strange how?”
Tony snapped. “What the fuck? He can’t keep us, but he’ll keep the show? How much you want to bet he’s going to bring in some married straight couple? Can’t have two queers on the show, right? Think of the children! What a—a—”
“Tony, we talked about this,” Steve says in a choked voice. Tony rolls over onto his back, cocking his head to the side as he looks at Steve, whose face is a very pretty shade of pink as he looks at everything
Tony blinks once before a heated look steals over his face. He purrs, “And just where would you like to start?”
Tony shrugs. “I usually use the color system but I thought with the red ropes, it might be good to have a second word just in case.” It’s probably an unnecessary precaution, but if it makes Tony more comfortable, then Steve’s more than happy to use both.
Tony stills. Steve does too. He’s not sure why he said that. No, that’s not true. He knows exactly why he said that. He doesn’t want Tony to get lice and he knows how distressed Tony gets about bugs and he hadn’t been thinking about the consequences of having Tony in his bed. Oh
“I’m fine,” Tony said eventually. He was still too quiet. “I just didn’t sleep well last night. Had some things on my mind.”
Steve thinks fondly—and he gapes. “No. Steve, you can’t be serious. Absolutely not. That’s going nowhere
Tony laughed. “Fuck, can you imagine? We do all that planning, find new backers, and take our findings to Pierce, only to find out that he cancelled
“Don’t worry about me, I’m only a little out of breath,” he teases back. “Just wanted to bring you your business license.” He passes the business license over for Tony to look at.
A chill goes through Steve. He hasn’t heard anything about that—they must have landed their ship somewhere unnoticed—but he knows what it means. War is coming. “Is Thanos—”
“Yeah, I’m thinking about making a program that’ll help me with this.” Tony sits back and rubs his eyes. “Going through thirty thousand people isn’t easy. Last time, it took me four days, and I’m pretty sure I missed a couple people I could’ve crossed off.”
. There are shelves of potion ingredients, as well as fully-finished glittering potions that softly glow in the low light. There are a series of cauldrons along one wall, two of which look like they have potions bubbling away in them. There’s a spellbook on a stand in the corner and a small plush couch beside it. And Tony himself is standing over the spellbook, elegant fingers trailing down a list of ingredients.
Steve is the one to arrange their next meeting a month later. Clint and Scott have been talking about wanting to return home and join their families again. He doesn’t blame them. He would love to go home as well, back to the Compound, back to
Tony throws him a brilliant grin and throws the doors open. “Welcome to Stark Apothecary!” he calls. “We are officially open for business!”
Without thinking about it, Steve throws an arm around Tony’s shoulder, pulling him in to lean against him. “You’re brilliant,” he says honestly.
“Can’t sleep?” she asks gently, once Tony is tucked up beside her. He shakes his head, rubbing his forehead against her side. “That’s alright. I can’t sleep the first night in a new house either.”
He plops down on the couch after checking to make sure he wasn’t about to sit on Dummy. “Where’s Dummy?” he asks, unable to spot the familiar anywhere.
He chuckles and slides his hand behind Tony’s back to hold him close while he moves the ice in smaller and smaller circles, watching Tony’s nipple pebble. “You don’t have to buy it,” he murmurs, wondering how fast he can get Tony out of his pants and into their bed. “You just have to take it.”
“Fine, potentially plausible. What about all the time he’s asked you to stay the night?” Bucky asked.
Before he knew what he was doing, before he could stop himself, he had dialed Tony’s number. As soon as Tony picked up, Steve spat, “You’re a fucking piece of work, you know that, Stark?”
Morgan drops off to sleep before he’s more than a few sentences in the story, which he’s grateful for, since he only barely remembers the story. He stands and kisses her forehead before leaving, reaching over to turn off the light as he goes. Steve is leaning up against the hallway wall opposite Morgan’s door. He brightens as soon as he sees Tony and holds his arms out. Tony willingly goes to him, tucking himself under his chin.
“Great, so Ana and Edwin are married to each other. It’s Christmas Eve and they realize they haven’t bought presents for each other yet.”
startle Tony out of his dark thoughts and he looks up at Steve, wide-eyed and scared. “You said it, you weren’t close to having an interface. I didn’t believe you then and I should’ve. You were my teammate and you needed my support.” He sighs, turning away from Tony so he doesn’t see his disappointment in himself. He’d never asked what Tony had seen in the portal, not wanting to face his own actions that day, that he had given the order to close the portal while Tony was still up there. And now he finds out that Tony had seen so much it had scared even him, who never seemed scared. “And I didn’t give it.”
The day passes in a blur of customers, the extraordinarily kind ones who put extra money in the tip jar and never once complain about the costs of things, the terrible ones who believe they deserve the friends and family discount he and Tony are offering for opening day even though neither of them have ever met these people before in their lives, and of course the ones who probably couldn’t find their way out of a paper bag—the ones who look at the label for the lust potions with its description of the effects and then turn around and ask Steve what the potion is for.
She catches sight of Maria and smiles softly at her, carefully motioning her in with a wiggle of her fingers. Maria tiptoes in as quietly as she can, praying that she won’t wake her son. Tony sleeps so rarely. She’s never once gotten him to sleep through the night, and if Ana is managing it through a—a bedtime story, she thinks, though not one that she’s ever heard before, then she doesn’t want to disturb her. She settles down on the rocking chair in the corner, waving Ana off when she starts to hold Tony out to her. Tony looks half-asleep already, sleepily blinking, eyes taking longer and longer to open each time; she doesn’t want to wake him up again by trading him amongst them.
He slides it inside Tony’s hole, letting it disappear inside him. Tony’s reaction is instantaneous, sobbing and tossing his head back into the pillows, hips arching up in a futile attempt to get away from the ice. Steve immediately presses his hips back down, fits his mouth around the head of Tony’s cock, and sucks.
Tony neatly dismisses him, focusing on Janet instead. “We talked about this,” he says flatly. “You can’t just enthrall—”
“Okay,” Tony says slowly, clearly thinking it over. Steve tries not to fidget under Tony’s piercing gaze. “In that case, thank you for your—investment offer, right? You’re investing in this?”
Tony shrugged. “Not to worry, I’m sure it’ll be soon. It always is; he likes to hold them in an employee’s first week. We think he’s trying to figure out if you’re a waste of money.”
“Oh no,” Betty laughed. “No setting me up. I heard you do that to everyone, but not for me. I’m going to meet my future spouse completely organically.”
“And she killed him,” Tony whispers. “He’d already taken the Tesseract, but she was able to cut his head clean off. Almost six years that—that
“Never.” Bucky clearly knows it’s a lie, given his snort, but he doesn’t press, just gives Nat a warm hug, murmuring something in Russian to her, and nods at Sam. Sam nods back, and Steve thinks that’s the end of it, but then he catches Bucky giving Sam a shy look from under his eyelashes when Sam’s turned to thank their pilot, and
The sliver of ice finally melts completely, leaving a wet trail smeared across Tony’s nipple. Steve looks at it for a moment, thinking about if he wants to grab another cube. Before he can decide though, Tony steps out of his arms, takes Steve’s free hand in one of his own, and leads him down the hall to their bedroom.
And Steve can think of only two ways to do that, blackmail and sex, neither of which are particularly good to think about.
Steve’s never had a familiar before—enchanters don’t need them the way witches do—so he hadn’t known before this that familiars need shots just like regular pets. Bucky has a cat back in New York—Alpine, a gorgeous long-haired cat. Bucky always takes video footage of Alpine after a trip to the vet, laughing as she bonks her head into her cardboard boxes and falls over her own two feet, a far cry from her usual gracefulness. And now he can’t stop picturing Dummy traipsing around the store, high on whatever anesthetic they gave him before the shots. It’s a pretty fantastic image and before he knows it, he has his sketchbook out, drawing a picture of Dummy.
Slow. He can do that. He hadn’t been thinking about it like that at first, too caught up in how long it had been since the last time they’d had sex, but he liked the idea.
Yeah, Steve had no argument with that part of the rumor either, only with Pierce cancelling their show with no warning.
“I’d like that,” Maria admits, an idea occurring to her. “But I don’t know any of your stories. I wouldn’t want Tony to lose out on hearing yours, and I’m sure it’ll take me some time to learn my own stories, longer if none of us get any sleep because Tony can’t either.”
“Yes, Dr. Stark told me this might happen,” T’Challa says solemnly. “He’s been preparing for it, I believe.”
“Oh!” Tony exclaims, clearly startled. “Didn’t realize you were already here.” He turns, pushing his goggles up to his hair. “Did you get even more muscley since the last time I saw you?”
Tony sighs heavily, ducking his head. “He’s having trouble looking at the suit. He says it shouldn’t be this hard. He flew tons of combat missions, never had any trouble with knowing it could be his last, but then it happened and—he’s scared, I think. About it happening again.”
“Steve!” he called again when his husband didn’t answer. He didn’t think Steve had already gone outside to mow the lawn already (how could he be mowing the lawn, something whispered, when he barely had the strength to push it?), but maybe he was wrong. Of course, if Steve
“Yeah,” Sam agrees slowly. “I’m glad it worked out this time. Maybe we’ll even be able to go home soon. And I’m glad that you and Tony are working through whatever mess is going on with you two. But when I let you and Natasha break me out of the Raft, I thought that meant we were partners. You trusted me during the whole supersoldier thing. You trusted her to help you break all of us out. I thought that was supposed to extend past that moment.”
“Yeah, that’s enough, Tones,” he says quietly, pressing a quick kiss onto Tony’s hair. “So—uh—I was reading this short story for my literature class. You wanna hear it?”
Steve nodded again, keeping his lips clamped shut this time as he didn’t want to overshare again. There was such a thing as pushing his luck, and he suspected he was getting close to that line.
“Of course I would,” Steve says firmly. He keeps eye contact with Tony, silently promising him that he would never hide something that big from him. He thinks Tony gets it by the way he slowly releases the tension in his hunched shoulders. Steve smiles at him, wishing he could lean over and kiss his cheek. He thinks that could help relax him even further, and anyway, Tony deserves all the kisses in the world. Steve just wants to be the one to give those to him.
Tony laughs, bright and beautiful, and leans over to rest his head on Steve’s shoulder. Steve smiles and lays his head on top of Tony’s. It’s nice, sitting like this, even though he has to remind himself that this is all he can ask for. This is enough; Tony’s friendship is enough.
“Mmhmm.” Steve kissed him again, just as slow as the first time, even though Tony’s strokes were getting faster. Tony’s breathing was speeding up too, telling Steve that he was close.
“Thought we might like to start with seeing what’s underneath those clothes of yours,” Steve shoots back, grinning as Tony’s fingers immediately fly to the buttons. Tony doesn’t bother with trying to make it sexy, though anything he does is sexy in Steve’s eyes. After fifteen years together, they’ve both learned the things they didn’t know about sex when they were young and convinced that all sex had to be either the most meaningful experience ever or hotter than a porn studio, like the value of laughing during sex and that sometimes, sex can be more fun when they just get to the point instead of drawing it out.
“No sense in crying over spilled milk,” Tony tells him when Steve mentions that to him. But Steve knows him better now. He knows that Tony wishes things could have been different too. The Avengers mean the world to him, just as they do to Nat and to Steve himself. There isn’t a lot he wouldn’t do to have them back together.
the house, with its ski slopes and fireplaces stretching to the ceiling and hot cocoa makers in the kitchen.
Steve almost refuses, but if Tony is really that worried about the conversation, maybe it’s better that he have something to hold on to. “Yeah, that’d be great,” he says, and works on clearing the dishes while Tony waits for the coffee to brew. He washes them, setting them aside on the drying rack, figuring it’s probably easier than bothering with the dishwasher for only a few plates.
“Okay, sweetheart.” He lays down on his stomach and pushes aside the romper to expose Tony’s hole. It clenches hungrily under his gaze. A shiver of excitement passes through him as he thinks about what Tony’s about to experience. He’s had this done to him before—years before he met Tony—and he’d loved it. He just hopes Tony loves it as much as he did.
“I shouldn’t care,” Tony says angrily, dashing away the little tears in his eyes. “It’s not like Howard ever cares what I think so why should I care that he brought my ex here who’s going to make him look like an idiot?”
The very thought sends shivers up and down Steve’s spine. He knows what Ross wanted to do with the Abomination, knows what Ross’ plans for the Hulk had been. He can easily see Ross—or someone else like him—twisting the Sentinels’ abilities to their own purposes, expanding the definition of evil intentions to anything not like their own.
“Gods, I don’t think I could have stood seeing his stupid smarmy face a second longer,” Tony mutters, turning to look out the window.
“Come on, you gotta get out of the cabin. Take Tony with you, make a date night out of it. Or if Tony doesn’t like musicals, take Tasha, cause she loves ‘em an’ I know how much you like confusing the press about who you’re dating.”
“Tony Stark,” Steve says, not sure if he’s reassuring Tony that he knows who he is or if he’s just trying out the name. Either way, he likes it. “You bought the old apothecary.”
. Mr. Hart had stopped by to tell him what a good job he was doing, so whatever he was doing, he was good at it.
“No,” he admits. Tony’s face falls and he hastily adds, “But I’m sure they’ve forgotten other things and anyway, my birthday’s almost impossible to forget. It’s on the fourth of July, so real easy to remember.”
He turned back to Tony, intending on commenting on the strangeness of—the strangeness of… He couldn’t remember. He strained, trying to recall what they were talking about, but there was a blank spot in his mind.
“You just like me for my body,” Steve accuses. It isn’t the truth and he knows that. Tony loves him for many reasons; Steve’s strength is only one of them. But it’s fun to tease his lover and Tony is always happy when he does. He frequently worries that Steve is too serious.
Tony looks appraisingly at him for a moment, and Steve wishes he could know what’s going through the brunet’s mind. Steve meets his gaze steadily, trying to hide his nervousness. He’s not too much, right? Tony won’t think he’s too much and decide that a bed with lice is better than a bed with Steve? Natasha goes back to unpacking glass horses, apparently done with the whole conversation.
“And it is?” Tony challenged. Steve tried to remember, but couldn’t think of it. “Darling, let’s face it, we’re terrible hermits, the both of us. We never go to any of the neighborhood functions other than the talent show each year. We might as well lean into it.”
“This is nice,” Steve says, stepping close. He runs his index finger under the thin strap of the romper, tugging it down over Tony’s shoulder. He lets it go, watching as it slips far enough to reveal one brown nipple. “Is it new?”
named it when he was seven and had stumbled across Howard’s plans—that he gets a chance to tug Captain America to the back of the jet, away from listening ears.
“Steve, don’t,” Tony tried again, but he knew he’d already lost the battle. He hoped that kid was happy. Tony could be getting fucked right now, which sounded like a much better use of their time.
“Sure,” Tony agreed. “But it wouldn’t be the first time something has gotten cancelled despite being popular.”
He groans and casts a quick enchantment on the spoon to keep itself stirring—he doesn’t normally like to use magic for simple things, but this could be an emergency—and lunges across the room to grab the phone in the last second before it stops ringing.
After another ten minutes, Steve hesitantly says, “I know you don’t want to talk about it right now, but if you ever change your mind, I’m here to listen.”
Tony: Okay, yeah, that’s true, but that’s also something that you can sit down and have an actual conversation about. You know, communicate and all that jazz. Supposedly, it’s what makes the best relationships.
He holds out the lingerie he’s selected, saying, “There’s a bathroom down the hall where you can change. Since this is supposed to be a final project an’ I’m running behind cause I couldn’t find a model, we’ll be trying a couple different outfits and a few locations today, if that’s okay?”
long felt uncomfortable with the U.S. military feeling like they had the right to invade other countries just because they wanted to, and he thinks that, if he’d been given the chance to actually sit down and read the Accords before they’d been so unceremoniously thrust at them, he might have actually agreed with the things that were being said. But he had just come off of that disastrous mission in Lagos and Wanda was grieving and Tony had said they needed to be put in check, and all Steve had been able to think of was the last time he’d trusted a government agency—SHIELD—and look how that had ended up?
They’d been married for a few years by that point, but Tony was still gratified when he came downstairs in his Halloween costume and Steve’s eyes took one look at him and immediately went blown. It wasn’t that he didn’t know how attractive he was, but it was always nice to get that confirmation, especially when he had really only just repurposed one of his teddies and added a pair of red wings.
“And if you do decide to try a long-distance relationship, there’s a few ways that that can work. Celibacy and expensive plane tickets aren’t the only answer here. Maybe you two—or more, we don’t know what your relationship is like—talk about it and decide that an open relationship is the way to go.”
“No, I mean it! We’re not even gay!” Tony groused. “But every time they talk about us—you know their last podcast was about how we’re corrupting the children?”
Steve nearly reaches out to him before he remembers that he doesn’t get to do that. They may have been lovers in the—the spell, the brainwashing, whatever it had been, but they’re not now. Now he knows what had been behind that barrier in his mind: every instance of something seeming off in the fantasy, every time his mind had tried to scream at him that Tony wasn’t his husband, even the one time he’d realized that Wanda is—that Wanda is one of the
Before he can though, Tony says, “You’re welcome to any of the rooms upstairs. Won’t make you go out in this storm. I’ll see you in the morning.”
Tony laughed uproariously. Steve let out a weak chuckle and returned his attention to the fruit. He knew Tony liked Vision, and he didn’t begrudge his husband his friends, but Wanda and Vision just seemed a little off to him. Like all the comments they made about being perfectly normal—it was as though they were trying too hard to fit in and Steve couldn’t figure out why it was so important that they did.
She signs off. His thoughts turn, as they so often do, to Tony. He needs to tell him. He’s realized the mistake in keeping things from Tony. He can’t keep quiet that Bucky has come out of the ice and is free enough from his words to live alone without fear of someone finding and imprisoning him again. Tony deserves to know that the man who—who killed his parents (even if it hadn’t really been Bucky, he adds to himself) is fully recovered, if only so that he can start making plans to get Bucky home again.
Steve had been finishing up a contract with a morning radio show when Alexander Pierce had approached him about jumping ship to his station, Hydra Programming. He’d floated the idea of two hosts, called Mr. Right and Mr. Right Now, who would argue with each other about the best way to handle relationships, offer advice for those who were unlucky in love, and generally provide entertainment for listeners about their conflicting opinions.
He should agree—even he knows that—but what he says instead is, “I’m really glad I invested in your business.”
“Darling? Everything okay?” he asked. He glanced down at Steve’s empty hands. “So Agnes didn’t have any buckets, huh?”
Tony laughed. “I hope she decided to talk to him about it, but considering how she reacted when I told her to, they’re probably divorced now.” He paused and then added thoughtfully, “I’ll bet it’s the rumors going on here.”
“It’s fine,” he insists. “Really, if I’d come with Sam and Bucky or even if we’d waited another couple weeks, I’d probably be laughing too. It was just the wrong time.”
“Rich people don’t worry about things like cultural appropriation,” Tony recites archly like it’s something he’s been told before, though his nose wrinkles, demonstrating his distaste at the whole concept of being too rich to care about other people’s thoughts.
“Yeah, funny enough, I got that from all the screaming and carrying on that you were doing while I was trying to talk to your Aunt Pepper.”
“Would you like a ride back to your place?” Tony offered. “I won’t be much faster than the subway, but at least my car is less crowded.”
Scott gets clearance to return home before Clint does. “Makes sense,” Clint says as Scott disappears into T’Challa’s jet. Steve glances at him. “I
Pierce was waiting for them when they left the sound booth. “There you are!” he exclaimed, spreading his hands wide. “My two favorite boys! Walk with me.”
“Fuck off, you knew what I meant.” Bucky jabs at the tickets Steve’s holding. “Look, it’s been a long couple of years for all of us and you could use something to make you laugh. Trust me, this will
Tony gets quieter as the day goes on and the poses get more complicated. Steve checks in with him periodically. He doesn’t mind if Tony sinks into subspace, but he’d prefer to know if he’s getting close so he can stop what he’s doing and take care of him. Tony shakes his head every time he asks though and just says that he likes the feeling of the ropes on his skin, which is fair enough. Steve had made sure to select the softest ropes he could find since he knew how long this would take.
“You know I don’t do laundry, Steve. I pay people to do that for me. And I don’t think I’d subject Vanessa to this mess.”
would lead to another relationship and in four years, he’d propose to Tony only to get turned down… again. Steve couldn’t do that to himself again. He’d promised himself never to let Tony Stark break his heart again.
“Right,” Steve says, smiling at the way Tony’s rapid-fire speech is coming back. He’s missed that. He turns his hand over just enough that he can squeeze Tony’s hand back.
“What’s this?” he asked. Tony hadn’t brought him coffee in weeks. Surely he wouldn’t do it out of the blue like this.
He glances up when Steve comes in, looking at him curiously. “What are you doing here?” he asks. “I told you I didn’t need any help.”
“I’d assume that’s why you left all those voicemails on my phone, then?” Steve asks innocently, relishing in the way Tony’s already big eyes go even wider. “To stop you from embarrassing yourself again?”
She’d levelled that look on him, the one all moms are famous for. “I mean it. That boy looks like he needs to be handled with care but not enough people have. And you, my darling boy, it’s gonna be rough for you, but it’ll go easier with a friend.”
“Okay. Do you—” He stops, not sure how to ask if he wants a hug instead without making it sound like he thinks Tony’s fragile. Yes, it sort of looks that way, like Tony is holding himself together with tape and prayers, but he knows what his partner is made of and it’s much stronger stuff than tape and prayers. Not everyone could put themselves out there to start up a new business or bring themselves to accept help when it’s offered, but Tony could. Tony
“Good,” Captain America says. He sounds bewildered. “We needed you to come anyway. SHIELD’s going to want to debrief with you.”
Tony lets out a high-pitched yelp that he’ll later deny, drops the rock, and spins around. Steve is standing there, hands shoved deep in his pockets. His white cape flutters in the breeze, the glowing symbols along its hem catching Tony’s attention.
The night before the store’s opening, Steve can’t sleep. He can’t remember the last time he was this excited about—well, anything really. There’s just something absolutely wonderful about the fact that he and Tony are getting ready to open their store together, that tomorrow they will officially be open and they won’t have to worry about another opening ever again…
Steve is a man of simple pleasures. He knows what he likes and what he likes is Tony in the expensive lingerie he so clearly prefers to wear under his suits instead of the briefs Steve wears.
“What do I think about Tony?” Steve asked, sitting back in the couch. He glanced over at where Tony was standing in the kitchen, blinking slowly at their calendar. Steve smiled fondly at the sight, looked down at his folded hands in his lap, and then back up. “I like him a lot. I’m—uh—I’m very happy I met him.”
After a moment, Tony’s voice floats in from the back room, “Steve?” Steve frowns. What is Tony doing in the back room? They’d cleared it out yesterday; there shouldn’t be any reason for Tony to be back there.
“Dodger,” Tony said mournfully to their dog sitting on the couch, “tell Steve that this is his fault.”
Maria chuckles. “My mother used to sing to me, so I thought I’d do that with Tony. Clearly, he prefers your stories.”
“Right.” Tony smiles crookedly at him, a little bashful, a little excited, and a little nervous all at once. “Are we ready to do this?”
Which means one of two things, because Bucky is a troll who can’t resist needling him: either his character ends the show by marrying Sharon or by kissing Bucky. Those seem to be the two people that he gets paired off with the most often whenever people on the internet, both fans or press, decide to start speculating about his love life again. After all, no one has ever guessed that he and Tony got married in a private ceremony after the Snap five years ago, and it’s not like either of them have been particularly secretive about that.
“Nope, which is another reason why we’ll be finding another name for them. They’re holders for good dreams. If you want to have a good night, you open the stopper on the horse’s back—yeah, that thing right there—and you’ll dream about whatever dream the horse was holding.”
Their cab driver was looking between the two of them like it was a tennis match and Steve wanted to snap at him to mind his own business. But that would be rude and his ma had raised him better than that, so he kept his mouth shut. He’d pay him a higher tip than he normally would when they got to the airport to convince him not to say anything about this conversation on Twitter.
Ana, Steve remembers from past discussions with Tony, was Edwin Jarvis’ wife and the Starks’ cook. He only met Jarvis a few times during the war—he was always too busy with other things that Mr. Stark had him doing to stop and hang out with the Howlies—but he remembers an unassuming, yet remarkable man, who reminded him a lot of Coulson before—before Loki’s attack. It hadn’t surprised him when Tony let it slip one day that the Jarvises had raised him more than either of his parents. Tony might have learned how to build his shields from Howard and Maria, but the kind and generous person beneath those acerbic shields could only have come from the Jarvises.
“You know I don’t have control over it. So I see a cute guy and I want him to think I’m cute too! Is that a crime now?”
Tony doesn’t startle though, only slowly lowers back to the ground before turning around and blinking confusedly at Steve. “What are you doing here?” he asks.
Steve looked as discomfited as Tony felt. “Yes,” he said, sounding like he was trying to reassure himself. “We would.”
attack the Avengers’ Compound, which is more than what Scott did, even if he stole the Antman suit.”
miss you. And Rhodey. And—” He stops before he can say Vision because, after all, Vision spends a lot of time with Wanda, and he’s sure that Tony knows that. “We miss you,” he repeats. “That’s all I wanted to say.”
Steve thinks about it. “Kinda gross,” he admits, making Tony laugh. His hands leave their spot by his head to card through Steve’s hair, alternating stroking and scratching in that way that always kind of makes Steve feel like a beloved pet, though he still loves it.
Tony stills, his back to Steve as he finishes putting the last of the Bruise Removal Serum on the shelf. “Not really,” he says, just as softly.
“A few,” Tony says slowly, watching Steve move around the kitchen. “We won’t have lights or air conditioning, but in about thirty minutes, we should have the fridge and some of the more delicate equipment in the labs back up and running. Steve, what are you doing?”
Tony nods and then kisses him again, soft and reassuring and sweet. “You’re welcome,” he murmurs as he pulls away.
“They sure don’t sound peachy.” Tony doesn’t say anything to that, so Steve gently takes his elbow and steers him over to the couch, pushing him down onto the cushions when Tony just blinks at them. “Why don’t you tell me what’s going on?”
Or she can do her “Wonder Spy thing,” as Tony calls it, and know exactly where he’s going and who he’s going to see while he’s there.
He blinked at it, befuddled by its sudden appearance. How had it gotten there? He and Steve had picked out bright yellow lights when they’d remodeled last year—bright for the new decade and all its groovy technicolor rainbows.
He carries the tray into their room where Tony is huddled under a mound of blankets. It looks like he’s swiped every blanket from their floor and possibly a couple from Nat’s floor for his pile. Steve can’t help but smile fondly as he sets the tray down on the bedside table.
which was the craziest thing in Steve’s opinion (though he appreciated how polite they were; he’d been recognized several times on the street, but never approached, which was nice).
For a brief instant, Tony had a flash of a much smaller Steve, one whose thin chest heaved every time he coughed. But the image was gone as soon as it had appeared in his mind and his strong, healthy husband was back. He leaned in and nuzzled Steve’s nose, gently nudging against it until Steve huffed and kissed him softly. They lingered there, breathing in each other’s air for a long moment.
The rest of the crew doesn’t know that they’ve been seeing each other for a month. After their first kiss, Steve had asked if it would be okay to keep it quiet a little longer. Steve’s brain is still firmly convinced at times that they’re in the forties, so the idea that he can date a man and have it be as accepted as dating a woman is still a little foreign to him. Tony had been more than accommodating though, which is only one of the reasons Steve loves him so much.
“Janet,” Tony interrupts, the lights flickering as his temper flares. “Out of the three people in this room, two of us have business degrees and one of us has actually owned and run their own store before, and
“Howard said I couldn’t bring my Bucky Bear,” Tony mumbles. Peggy’s heart breaks all over again at hearing this little boy call his own father by his first name.
wasn’t right. Someone had to bring him down,” Tony says. To Steve’s delight, he leans further into him instead of pulling him away.
. He knew what was going on with the fandom, which Tony sometimes liked to make sly references to during the episode and was always delighted when Steve would make references right back. He knew what to expect out of their interviewee and how best to field her questions when she inevitably challenged his stance on relationships. He had a large mug of tea to help him calm down from the jitters he inevitably got from coffee (Tony was the only person he’d ever known who could chug caffeine like it was water and not be affected even a little bit). He was ready.
“Yeah, that’s what Peggy and Natasha said.” Steve rubs his hand along the back of his neck. “Look, I’m not really—people haven’t really liked my powers in the past. I didn’t have a lot of friends and I
He doesn’t even try to bite back his grin this time. Tony might be the most refreshing person he’s come across in a very long time. “Tell you what,” he says, and he hands Tony the papers, “why don’t you take these with you, fill them out on your own time, and bring them back once you’ve got a clearer idea of what you want to do?”
And Tony was thinking about giving up on them—on their show, Steve meant. Not on them—well, sort of on them, but that was what Steve had wanted all along. He didn’t want Tony to be unhappy.
“This is also a good time to stop and evaluate your relationship. Depending on how you get told about your partner’s new job, you might know right off the bat that this is a good time to call it quits and walk away. But you might not realize that until you talk about it. Maybe your relationship has grown stagnant, but you didn’t know how complacent you both had gotten until this threw a wrench into the mix.”
Tony liked it so much, but it wasn’t possessive, he thought; it wasn’t that Tony wanted to claim that Steve belonged to him by bruising him, or he
Bucky is waiting for them when they land near the village he’s been staying in. He looks good—grown out his hair, gained some weight, lost some of the dark shadows under his eyes. And he’s smiling, which is more than Steve had dared to dream about. Bucky steps forward as the ramp comes down, opening his arms for a hug that Steve gladly gives him.
“How do you know what dream you’ll have?” Steve asks, pushing back his panic over Tony staying over tonight. He knows how Tony will take it if he realizes that Steve is panicking. He’ll think that Steve is freaking out because he’s straight and doesn’t want someone who’s pansexual in his bed because they might hit on him. And nothing could be further from the truth. Steve is far more concerned that he’ll make
“What do you think?” he asks, holding the sets up. Tony glances them over and nods eagerly. “And you brought what I asked for?”
Tony nods slowly, but thankfully he looks more amused than offended. “That’s really nice of you to say.”
“It’s polite,” Steve comments, finally turning back around to face him. He looks relieved at the outfit Tony’s chosen and opens his arms up for a hug. Tony eagerly takes advantage of the offer. Steve’s hugs are the
Tony grumbled wordlessly, but he slowly let go of his octopus grip on Steve. He trailed Steve into the bathroom, standing at the other sink to brush his own teeth. As soon as they were done, he was back in Steve’s arms, kissing him languidly with long, slow swipes of his tongue inside Steve’s mouth. Steve held him close, carefully walking them both back toward the bed.
Steve reaches out to grab it, glancing over at the four different names Tony has given his business and crossed out. It’s just the beginning of a series of cross-outs and additions all over the page. He tosses it down on his desk and grabs for the folder he’d started working on as soon as he listened to Tony’s first couple of messages.
Tony sounded odd, almost worried, and Steve looked up from his vacuuming to see him staring at the window behind him.
that,” he said. “’s way too soon. I’m not a teenager anymore.” Tony opened his mouth and Steve held a finger up to his lips. “Don’t.”
Tony groaned, turning and burying his face in Steve’s chest. Steve kissed the top of his head and stroked Tony’s hair. Tony made another low sound, this one a little more heated than frustrated. “Last Halloween was
behind him. Tony lived in an apartment nice enough to have an automatic lock on the door, but he still checked it to make sure it locked.
Tony sighs and admits, “I wish you could be too. Would have been a lot easier if I had Captain America behind me.” He takes a sip out of his coffee. “So. You’ve been reading the Accords. What did you think?”
When eventually Steve’s kisses trailed down Tony’s neck, he found himself gently urging Tony’s hips into a rhythm against his. They rocked together, both no more than half-hard, though slowly stiffening. Tony’s eyes were half-closed, hiding his beautiful whiskey eyes, and Steve suddenly couldn’t stand for that.
“No, it’s your turn to listen. You think you can just pretend everything’s alright? You think you can pretend like the last fifteen years didn’t happen?”
“As is so often the case, I’ll tell you guys that communication is always the key to these kinds of relationship problems,” Tony said. “You can have the best relationship in the world, but if you don’t talk about this job with your partner, then you might find your relationship coming to an abrupt, unexpected end.”
Tony taps nervously on the thing in his chest. Steve passes him a bundle of pajamas, complete with the spare toothbrush on top, just so Tony’s frenetic energy might calm down. It only sort of works. Tony stops tapping on the thing, but his fingers drum on the pile of clothes instead. Steve is just getting ready to ask him what that thing is when Tony says:
And Vision, in that odd way of speaking that he had, had said slowly, “No, I don’t but I think it might help.” He’d hesitated for a moment. “I… am not JARVIS. Perhaps it would be best to think of it in terms of a parent and child. JARVIS was my parent, but I am not him, even though we share the same voice. I do not think Mr. Stark would ever be able to forget that, no matter how much he tried.”
Out of nowhere, there was the faint sound of laughter, muted as though they were hearing it through a wall or from a great distance. Tony blinked, taken aback by the sound. He tried to peer through the curtains on the far side of the room, behind Steve’s bed, half-wondering if one of their neighbors was playing at being a Peeping Tom, but he couldn’t make out any shapes in their front yard other than the tree swaying gently in the wind.
, inviting Steve to come play. There was a time when Steve would always come out to join him when he invited him, but Steve doesn’t do that now. He just turns back to the human leader and asks her another question. Tony can’t sigh in this form, but he wants to. He curls into a tighter circle and closes his eyes, wishing that Steve would leave the village. He misses talking to him.
Dummy jumped up into his lap, mewing softly. Steve started petting her, making Dummy purr and purr and purr.
It wasn’t as though he was wrong, but it was just a rumor right now. It wasn’t something confirmed by Pierce, and honestly, it sounded like something Rumlow or Rollins might have made up after the awkward show on Monday just to spite the two of them. He said as much to Tony, who just silently nodded. Steve understood; even though it was just a rumor, it was still startling to hear and cruel of whoever had thought it up. This was their jobs after all, and rumors floating around that their jobs were going to just disappear without any warning were frightening. An awkward silence settled between the two of them as Steve tried to think of something else he could say that would reassure Tony. He knew how Tony could get wrapped up in his head, knew how his anxiety could get the best of him, but he didn’t know what else he could say that he hadn’t already said.
Steve blinks at it, eventually saying, “Thanks, Tony,” as he drops it into one of his own pockets. Tony waits for him to acknowledge the courting gift—tell him that it’s pretty or maybe even give Tony his own gift—but Steve doesn’t do any of that. He just turns to Natasha and mutters something too low for Tony to hear before leading her into the human village that Tony isn’t supposed to go into because he keeps setting fire to things.
“But you don’t want to leave Tony hanging either,” she says, managing to read his mind rather well for someone who claimed she wasn’t a mind reader. “He won’t wait forever.”
“Careful,” Steve warns, bracing himself with hands on either side of Tony’s body. “I might crush you.”
“Magical?” Wanda suddenly asked, a worried expression crossing her face. She’d been pacing for the last twenty minutes, wondering aloud about where Vision could be. Truthfully, Steve was wondering that too; the neighborhood watch meeting had ended over an hour ago, most of the men now helping Dottie set up for the talent show, but Vision was nowhere to be seen. He gave her a reassuring smile before quickly averting his eyes, not wanting to come across as lecherous. He only had eyes for Tony, of course, but Wanda looked very lovely—and slightly inappropriate for a fundraiser for the children—in a glittery leotard and he didn’t want to be cause any problems by looking too long at her when he didn’t know how Vision would react.
as disorganized as Tony is. He can’t quite figure out if Tony just decided to lease the apothecary on a whim or if he actually had a plan and something just threw him off his rhythm before he came in here, but either way, none of this is an actual description of his future business.
Aw, fuck. Tony’s spent most of his life dodging SHIELD, wanting nothing to do with his dad and aunt’s pet organization. But of course Captain America got wrapped up in it. He’d be willing to bet they’re the ones who fished him out of the ice and, for lack of anything else to do, he joined up with them.
“You,” he says, carefully bumping Tony’s shoulder with his—he doesn’t want Tony to drop the stardust after all—“are a menace.”
There was something niggling at the back of Tony’s mind when he woke up that morning. He blinked at the dark ceiling, trying to remember whatever it was that was bothering him. Was it a dream he’d woken up in the middle of? No, couldn’t be. Steve was the one who remembered his dreams. Tony hadn’t remembered one since he was a child. Did he forget to prep for the training meeting with the new hires later that morning? No, he distinctly remembered making sure the file was set by the front door so he wouldn’t forget it when he left.
Tony hangs up before Steve can get his brain back online enough to tell Tony that the flirting isn’t at all unwelcome. He groans and presses the phone against his forehead. Why is he so bad at this? Okay, thirty minutes, he can do this. He can finish getting ready, get over to the motel, and somehow figure out what he’s going to say to Tony in the middle of all of that.
Well, that’s good at least. He knows how much Tony hates doctors. The rest of the team thinks it’s because of everything that happened in Afghanistan, and Tony lets them think that, but he told Steve once that it’s really because none of them ever did anything when he was a kid and Maria would take him to the hospital after one of Howard’s “lessons.” Steve tries to keep him out of Medical as often as possible—even got EMT training so he could patch up as many of Tony’s injuries as he could—but sometimes, like now, it’s unavoidable.
When Tony comes back, pretty and shining in silver, Steve has him kneel on the pillow on the floor. He ties Tony’s hands together with the gold rope and then ties those to his ankles, double checks that the ropes aren’t too tight, and then adjusts the lighting so that Tony’s lit only with the sunlight from the window.
He’s fully intending on making a list of all the things that bother him about the Accords so that he can take them back to Tony and say something like “This is why I don’t want to sign.” But to his surprise, the Accords are shockingly… reasonable.
it a game, but Steve had always thought it to be more like training, since the object was to see who could successfully sneak up on Clint or Nat. He’s forgotten about that, over the last year and a half forgotten how much fun the original team had had with each other. He’d been so focused on the new team back then that he’d forgotten how much he had loved the old one.
Tony whined and came, cock jumping against Steve’s as he spilled. Steve groaned lowly, pushed Tony onto his back, and rolled on top of him. He frotted against Tony’s hip, keening as he slid through the mess on Tony’s stomach. Tony wrapped his arms around him, murmuring soft endearments that Steve barely heard over the rushing in his ears. He came less than a minute later when Tony kissed him sweetly, vision going white.
Steve had let the issue drop after that, not wanting to offend Vision any further (and anyway, it wasn’t right to deny Wanda what happiness she could find after Sokovia), but he’d still thought to himself,
“You’re so mean to me,” Tony pouted. Steve laughed and danced him into the kitchen over the theme music of the show playing on the television.
“You might,” Tony agrees, though he doesn’t sound concerned at all. “And I might like that. All that coiled strength pinning me down? Oh, honey, yes.” He shivers, a small delighted smile curling his lips up.
It’s not even the glowing…thing (Luis hadn’t been sure what it is) that’s spilling soft light from under Stark’s shirt, or the sheer amount of
“And you want to understand now.” Sam relaxes. Huh, Steve hadn’t even realized that Sam is tense. “Little late for that, don’t you think? We made a pretty public stance against it.”
“Tony,” Steve interrupts, leaning forward to take Tony’s hands in his. Tony falls silent and stares down at them like they hold the secrets of the universe. “What does this have to do with Thanos.”
“Technically, Shuri did. She attended the last session of the Accords Committee and apparently, something about Ross struck her as off, so she did some digging,” Tony says.
He waits again. A couple minutes of silence pass and then Tony clears his throat. “Maybe a little,” Tony admits.
Ana gives her a knowing look, clearly guessing that she doesn’t want to take this away from her. Maria smiles guilelessly at her. Is she using this as an opportunity to help a woman who couldn’t have a child of her own? Absolutely. Is she going to admit it? Not even a little bit. She knows how proud Ana and Edwin can be, and how rarely they admit that they’re truly closer to members of the family than the hired help. But this is something that she can do for Ana, and she refuses to back down from that.
He dresses, makes the bed, and heads out into the kitchen, where he can hear Sam making breakfast. But, to his surprise, it’s not Sam who’s casually flipping eggs by the stove. Sam is there, for sure, perched on one of counter stools, but Tony is the one who’s dishing up omelets.
But he sounds very forlorn as they watch the jet take off and no one is surprised when Natasha offers him a hug before they both return inside. Steve stays longer than anyone else does, long after the jet has disappeared into the clear blue sky, long after Sam comes back out and asks him if he’ll be joining them for dinner. He doesn’t remember what he says to Sam, just that Sam disappears for a while and when Steve next looks down, there’s a plate on the railing beside his elbow.
Tony tastes like salt, and Steve figures that he probably pushed all his engineers aside to try to fix the power problem on his own, taking on more than his fair share of the work as he complained about their incompetence. It wouldn’t be the first time he’s done that and it probably won’t be the last either. Steve would comment on Tony’s apparent arrogance and how he automatically assumes that he’s the smartest one except for the fact that, well, typically he’s right.
Tony: Exactly. Anyway, grand gestures! These can really make or break a relationship. You don’t want to be like that guy who followed that girl around with a trumpet until she agreed to go out with him.
Steve, seeing an opportunity to tease his husband a little, says cheekily, “So you were downstairs trying to fix this whole mess? Which means you
Pierce gave him an indulgent look. “Sure, Tony, my boy. I’ll think about it if you find me another sponsor.” Steve could tell just from the look that he was lying. Tony knew it too, judging by the way he tensed.
Tony: So today, for our one-hundredth episode, we’re going to be talking about grand gestures and their place in relationships, because nothing is more grand than a hundred.
Steve slung his arm around Tony’s shoulders, pulling him close. He pressed a loud, smacking kiss to the side of Tony’s head. “Yeah, you are.”
The house is already lit up inside, telling him that Tony is already here, and he hesitates on the front porch. He had arrived early, planning on getting there before Tony so that he would have enough time to mentally prepare himself to see Tony again. Doesn’t look like that plan is going to work now.
She shrugs. “Sure there is. Won’t means there’s something personal holding us back. I could go back now, if I wanted to. I did sign in the past. I’ll have to answer for leaving, but I could still return. But I don’t want to yet. I don’t want to have to account for what I’m currently doing.”
when you started asking us our opinions on the Accords, but I thought it was T’Challa or something, not Tony.”
Oh, there are plenty of issues there, to be sure—whatever the Superhero Registration Act is supposed to be has him very nervous—but there’s a lot that actually kind of makes sense. He can easily see Tony, who has been all about accountability since he became Iron Man, thinking that the Accords are a great idea and deciding to get in on the ground floor. And, with a few more tweaks, he can even almost see himself having agreed with it.
“I’m sorry, we’re not taking questions about past team members at this time,” Tony says, clearly annoyed by the interruption. “Any questions about
It’s just—it’s a little awkward is the thing. He doesn’t actually know Tony very well, they’re certainly not friends, and he doesn’t know if this gesture will come off as condescending.
Bucky is the one who buys them the tickets, hands them over to Steve, and calls them an early Christmas present.
Steve looks down at himself and realize that whatever they’ve been through has forever changed him. He can
Tony’s eyes went dark and heated. “Hmm that you are,” he purred, fingers petting lightly over his chest, slipping between the buttons of Steve’s nightshirt to stroke warm skin. Steve’s breath hitched, and he reached up to catch Tony’s wrist in his hand. Tony pouted at him.
He doesn’t want all the girls fawning over him, but Tony’s jaw clenches before Steve can say anything.
“Wow,” Tony remarks. He sounds bitter again. “That’s so thoughtful. I wish everyone remembered special days like that but apparently, that’s too much to ask for from
“What’ve you been up to today?” he asks Tony’s shoulders, unable to look any higher than the tiny straps he can spot underneath Tony’s shirt.
Steve scuffs his toe along the ground, leaving a furrow in the snow. Eventually, he says, “Humans don’t court the way you do.”
“Funny, because I remember you telling me you would be staying there tonight and me saying that I had plans.”
Pepper’s irritated about the back-and-forth between Malibu and New York, but at least she’s not getting fiery about it now that Extremis is stabilized. Once he’d settled into the Tower, Tony had spent more than a few weeks working on that. Anyway, it’s been almost a month since the mansion fell into the ocean, and this is the first chance Tony has gotten to fish his bots out of the ruins.
Morgan perks up immediately at the promise of a bedtime story. Tony doesn’t tell a lot of stories in this house, though he knows plenty. That’s always been Steve’s job, since Morgan always wants Tony to sing her lullabies instead. But he does know them, and he’s found that they work as pretty decent incentive to get Morgan into bed when she doesn’t want to go.
To his surprise, Tony frowned, his brow creasing thoughtfully. “Strangely,” he said eventually. “I had the oddest dreams.”
“Nope,” he says. He opens the door into his studio and ushers Tony in. Tony looks around curiously, taking in the airy space lit by the sunlight streaming in through the windows, the sofa in the middle of the room, the soft pillow beside it. He wonders what Tony is seeing. Steve had chosen this apartment specifically for this room—it’s perfect for his art—but for all he knows, it looks shabby to Tony, who, as a billionaire’s son, probably lives in a gilded mansion. “No toys, no sex.”
Tony brightens up, and he nuzzles further into her side. The light sensation tickles her stomach, making her laugh. “I want a Cap Bear then,” he says decisively.
“Is this live?” Steve asks Natasha as the reporters begin clamoring. She nods, right as Tony selects one of the journalists.
“The most precious thing I’ve ever seen,” Maria says honestly. She stands, barely noticing as Ana slips from the room, and crosses to Tony’s crib. Her bright boy is asleep on his back, thumb firmly stuck in his mouth. She smiles at the sight. Howard has been trying to get him to stop sucking his thumb, convinced that his teeth will grow in crooked, but Tony hasn’t taken to his gentle admonishments yet, too little to really understand anything other than that his father is talking to him.
“No, that just sounded bad,” Steve protested half-heartedly. There really wasn’t any saving himself from what he’d just said. He would just dig himself a deeper hole, but he tried anyway. “I’m convenient to him too.”
Sure, except that kid would lead to another and then another and before he knew it, it would be late evening and they’d be packing up to go to the festival in the square. And then the night would be over and Tony still wouldn’t have gotten fucked.
Well, Tony was supposed to do that but he’d forgotten. It’s okay though; Steve learned how to wire the lights himself so that’s all good.
“What you want doesn’t matter,” Steve shouted, losing control over his temper. Tony reared back as though Steve had slapped him. How—how
It’s like a switch flips in her. “Oh, well isn’t that the cutest thing?” she coos. “I’m Janet, Tony’s sister and fashion coach. I’m currently studying business too.” She holds out her hand for Steve to shake, which he does. “Sorry if my hands are too soft. I’ve just been sampling a lot of product and Tony’s got this Baby’s Breath Skin Cream, it’s supposed to be making your skin as soft as a baby’s so…really soft.” She winks at him.
superior. He and Pierce had a strange sort of friendship—though Steve wasn’t sure how much of a friendship it could be, considering Pierce only seemed to treat Rumlow like the employee he was—and it wouldn’t be the first time Pierce had told Rumlow something confidential before he told everyone else. But those times had always been for small things like the company holiday party, never for something like
Tony leans his head back against the headrest, turning slightly to look out the window. “More common than you’d think,” he says quietly. “Justin’s mine.”
“It’s okay,” he says. “It wouldn’t have happened if I hadn’t told you about my suspicions about your parents’ murders. I swear, I didn’t know it was Bucky—I would have told you if I did—but I shouldn’t have let you find out that they were murdered the way you did.”
To Steve’s surprise, Tony is already waiting for him in their bed when he gets back from his mission in Germany. Tony doesn’t usually wait for him in their bedroom. Usually, Steve gets back and he has to wander down to the workshop to drag him out, drag being the operative word. Tony’s typically so delighted Steve’s back home that he willingly goes with him. Steve always kind of enjoys those moments, when he goes downstairs and Tony hasn’t realized he’s back and he goes up behind him to kiss the nape of his neck and Tony jumps before he sees Steve and then he softens all at once and cards his fingers through Steve’s hair and lets Steve carry him up to their room.
For now though, Tony was throwing blankets over Steve’s pictures hanging in the living room in a desperate attempt to rescue them from the rain. His own clothes were soaked through, his nice leather loafers ruined. He bit back an unhappy groan at the sight of them—he’d just bought them too—and went back to tossing anything he could find over the delicate and easily ruined knickknacks he and Steve had picked up over the years.
“Such a charmer, you,” Tony teases. He stands and promptly sways on his feet. Steve makes an executive decision and scoops him up, ignoring Tony’s protests in favor of carrying him to the bed where he dumps him on the expensive sheets and stands there until Tony stops protesting, pulls off his shirt (no, Steve does
was what he’d been trying to tell Bucky. This was what he’d thought Tony had known all along, and now that they were on the same page. “If you’re really sure, I—Tony,
Steve nods and heads for the kitchen when the elevator opens. “Thanks, JARVIS.” He keeps some chicken noodle soup frozen in the freezer for times like this, and it’s the work of a few minutes to heat it up and get it settled on a tray with another Gatorade bottle and a glass of water.
“Got it,” Steve says faintly. Obviously there’s some history there. “Let’s move on. Uh, business address?”
“Thanks,” Tony said quietly. There was a red flush high on his cheeks that Steve would have called a blush if he didn’t know any better. Tony Stark didn’t blush; he once streaked naked through the quad because someone dared him. “I—uh—I wanted to say I’m sorry about what happened last week. I should have asked for clarification back when we started this thing; I shouldn’t have just assumed.”
thinking about women, not to get caught up with another one. He takes another step away, ignoring the way Janet pouts. Tony snickers, quickly schooling his face when Janet turns her glare on him.
Okay, he has to stop thinking about this or he’ll drive himself mad. Oh, he hadn’t even thought of that. What if one of them has a mental breakdown and destroys the shop in a fit of insanity?
Steve nods, taking the rebuke stoically, even as he’s impressed by the fact that Tony apparently has three degrees. He can see how his comment would have made Tony defensive. “Sorry, I stand corrected.” He glances around the room, taking in all the boxes and half-unwrapped potions and the way Janet seemingly hasn’t even broken a sweat. “You know, if you need help, I’m happy to offer my services.”
Tony arches into his hand as he groans, making the water in his navel drip down his side. Steve ignores it. It served its purpose and now that it’s melted, it was only a matter of time before it spilled. He leans down and laps it up, tasting Tony’s sweat intermingled with the cool water.
“I wanted to talk about the Accords,” Steve says, instead of waiting for Tony to say something. He has a feeling they would have been waiting a while.
per se, it definitely doesn’t sound angry either. Steve relaxes, even though there’s still a tense furrow between his brows. Tony wishes he could reach over and smooth it out. His hand stays in his lap.
Bucky smiles at him. “As though you could make me do anything. Look, I’ll sign if you guys decide to—the king and I have been discussing it anyway—but it’s not like anyone can touch me if I decide not to.”
“Pierce isn’t stupid. Cancelling us would be like cancelling the whole damn station. He’s not gonna do it. We bring in too many listeners.” The more he talked about it, the stronger he felt in his conviction. This might have been the first time they’d ever heard rumors about the show being cancelled, but it just wasn’t something that made sense.
Tony: And if you’re really concerned that you’re not going to find someone else, then I really think you need to be asking yourself why you have that concern.
Steve looks at her. She seems very matter-of-fact about all of this, not revealing even a hint of fear about what almost happened to her. And maybe she is matter-of-fact about it. Maybe she’s decided that the past is in the past and it doesn’t matter anymore. But he doesn’t think so, and just in case, he knocks his shoulder into hers and says, “Well, thank god he didn’t think about it.”
“For the baseball team? Steve baby, I know you keep hoping they’ll come back to New York, but they’ve been in Los Angeles for longer than either of us have been alive.”
of all people would understand. Even after their fight, after everything, Tony thought of him first. He’s so busy basking in the warm glow the thought gives him that it takes him a few minutes to realize that Tony has fallen asleep against his shoulder. Well, he supposes he can’t be surprised. Tony’s been through a lot the last few months—last few
“Probably the same thing you’re doing,” Steve says, dropping down to sit beside Tony on the floor. “Couldn’t sleep. Figured I’d come in and do one last check before tomorrow. May I?” He gestures at the open water bottle next to Tony’s right leg.
Tony calls him at an absurdly early hour (for Tony, Steve has been up for almost thirty minutes by this point). Steve pauses in the middle of stirring the eggs and looks balefully at where his phone is blaring “Livin’ On A Prayer” halfway across the room. He could just let it go to voicemail but that’s Tony’s ringtone—chosen by Tony himself—and if Tony is calling him this early in the morning, then that means something is up.
But Peggy’s bad days are starting to outnumber her good, and she hates it when she mistakes Tony for his dad. Tony hates it too, because he’s fought so hard to stand on his own without being stuck in Howard’s shadow. His dad was a great man—a good one, too, for the most part—but he’d cast a
“Well, I didn’t say it made much sense, now did I?” Jarvis says dryly. That, at least, manages to draw a laugh out of Tony. Tony flops back over onto his back and presses closer, shoving his head into Jarvis’ lap. Jarvis just shifts to make room for him and lifts his hand for Tony to push into like a particularly needy cat.
“It’s so nice to meet you,” Betty enthused, reaching out a hand to Steve to shake. “I’ve been following your show since it started. You two have such great chemistry. Pierce must have really known what he was doing when he hired you.”
Tony pouted. “So rude. I’m great at setting people up. Steve, tell her how good I am at setting people up.”
“My friends,” Thor says in a low tone once Tony has disappeared behind the curtain, “is everything alright with the store?”
Sam is quiet for a moment, his face unreadable. Eventually, he says, “Yeah, you should have said something. I figured you were talking to
wanted him around new employees. It was almost a guarantee that he would scare them off. But Herb had called in sick yesterday—some type of bad headache. Tony thought it sounded like he was really just taking a day off with the missus, but who was he to judge? He’d certainly done the same thing with Steve once or twice… he thought. Anyway, it fell to Tony to lead orientation that day.
Steve opens the door and is immediately met with a wave of heat. It’s always hot down here. Tony says it’s because of the celestial energy, that stars run so hot that even residue energy is still too hot for unenhanced humans to handle. Fortunately, neither Steve nor Tony are unenhanced, and Steve would be willing to bet that the reason it’s so hot in the engine room today is because Tony is working with raw stardust.
Maybe that was why Tony was thinking about leaving. Maybe he didn’t think he’d ever be able to get over his feelings for Steve—ironic, when he couldn’t wait to get out of there when they were actually together—so he wanted to leave the show. But—but they were friends. Surely Tony knew that. Surely he didn’t think he had to run away just to get away from Steve, even if that was what he’d done fifteen years ago.
That was another thing that puzzled Steve about the small modicum of fame. He didn’t really judge anyone for shipping him and Tony together—he figured it was no different than hoping two friends would get together—but shipping in general was a little odd to him. He didn’t understand the appeal of picking over every little interaction he and Tony had in the hopes of proving that they were secretly dating—which they weren’t—or that they were secretly fucking—which they were.
He holds out his arms, hoping for a hug. Tony all but collapses into him. Steve rests his chin on top of Tony’s head and holds on tightly, hoping that it could go on forever. Tony smells like sandalwood and magic and it’s so
Tony comes hard, shouting his pleasure. Steve swallows every drop before pulling off, eyeing the way Tony shivers.
“I can’t sleep anyway,” Steve says. It’s only partially a lie. Now that he has that text from Tony, he’s wide awake but before, he’d been dead on his feet.
He wondered for a moment if he had pushed Tony too hard, if that was what would make Tony decide it wasn’t worth it. But Tony just nodded and bit him again, harder this time. It would probably leave a bruise, but Steve couldn’t bring himself to care. He knew he was already asking a lot by asking Tony, who was so tactile, not to touch him; he didn’t want to insist that he couldn’t even mark him, the way he knew Tony wanted. He didn’t know
Even having only lived in this tiny town in the middle of nowhere for a couple weeks, Steve knows who the Starks are. Luis had been more than happy to give him the rundown on the Starks the same day he’d moved into Luis’s spare bedroom: how they’d lost their entire family fortune thanks to their corrupt CFO, how they’d been left with only a single asset—the town Maria Stark had bought as a joke almost fifteen years ago—how they’ve been living in the Schitt’s Creek Motel for the last two years. He hasn’t met any of them yet but then he’s been so busy trying to pull himself back together since leaving New York that the Starks probably could have paraded themselves around Luis’s living room naked and he wouldn’t have noticed, so for all he knows, he’s seen them multiple times.
“Not with what I’ve got on ship. I’ll ask Fury if we can stop in Knowhere later this week. They’ve probably got what I need.”
He smiles tightly. “Just a sandwich, thanks.” He doesn’t think anything hot will actually travel well, even if all Luis has to do is walk across the street, and the only other cold food the café serves is salad with limp lettuce so he’ll pass on that.
“You know,” Steve added, “this is gonna be real embarrassing if it turns out our show isn’t the one getting cancelled.”
Natasha is the one watching the news when Tony’s press conference about the new Avengers begins. Steve is in the kitchen, talking to Wanda and Sam as they cook dinner (though Steve’s contribution is chopping vegetables and that’s it), but he looks up as soon as he hears Tony’s voice. His distraction nearly leads to him chopping his own thumb off, so he quickly sets the knife down and heads into the living room.
He turned back around and nestled closer to Tony, sighing contentedly. It was a Saturday, he and Tony had nothing to do today; if they wanted to just laze around in bed, then they were more than welcome to. And honestly, that sounded just like what Steve wanted to do. He closed his eyes and drifted back to sleep.
“Actually, I played them for a few friends of mine. Thought they might like to hear them.” He thinks Tony might actually choke at that so he breaks into an easy smile and says, “Tony, relax, I’m kidding. I just played them for me and Luis here.”
But puzzling or not, the shippers made up a pretty large portion of their fanbase and Steve was grateful for them. If it weren’t for them,
“I found you,” he whispers, reaching out to run his thumb over his name on Steve’s wrist. Under his light touch, he can feel Steve shiver. He wants to know what else makes Steve shiver, what makes him moan, what pretty sounds he can draw out of his mouth. Underneath his fingers, Steve flips his hand over to thread his fingers through Tony’s, drawing his hand up to his mouth for a soft, chaste kiss. “
“You’re just saying that because you don’t want me to take off for Europe and leave you with the company,” he replies, reaching across the desk to steal her wineglass. Without looking, Pepper bats his hand away.
It was the beginning of the end. They’d argued for months, about Steve’s proposal, about Tony’s job offer, about long-distance relationships, all the way up to their lease expiring, and when Tony moved, he told Steve they were done.
“You know, the good thing about all those messages,” Steve says, holding out the folder for Tony to take, “is that I was able to get enough information from them to fill out your form for you.”
Pierce’s office was the stereotypical corner office of an executive, located on the second floor of their building. It didn’t overlook much, as they were surrounded by skyscrapers, but it was large. Steve thought it was such a shame though that Pierce had covered the office in so many dark colors, patterns, and furniture that the room looked quite a bit smaller than it was.
It sounds kind of nice actually, although Steve does wish that the packaging was a little different. Still, it’s a neat set of enchantments and positively gorgeous craftsmanship, so he has to admire the vendor’s skill, even if the name leaves something to be desired.
A little furrow appears between Tony’s brow. Steve has the strangest urge to want to smooth it away. “Janet isn’t here today,” Tony says instead.
Tony’s expression is simultaneously soft and a little nervous. Steve wants to soothe that, wants to reassure him that this is everything he’s wanted since the first time he saw Tony in Luis’ office.
“Come on, let’s go ahead and turn you off,” he says. “That way all those sensors aren’t bothering you until you’re all fixed up.”
Steve was certain of that. Even holding Tony at arm’s length, he knew more about Tony than Bucky ever would, so he knew with complete certainty that if Tony wanted more out of his relationship with Steve, he would ask for it. Tony wasn’t the kind of person to keep quiet about what he wanted. He went after the things he wanted with both hands, and that was how Steve knew that their relationship had never meant as much to Tony as it had to Steve, knew that Tony had placed the job ahead of their relationship. Because if Tony had really wanted Steve that much, he wouldn’t have taken the job in the first place or he would have quit as soon as Steve had proposed. If Tony had wanted Steve, he wouldn’t have said no when Steve asked him to marry him. He would have talked to Steve about the job offer instead of just taking it without saying anything for months. Couples were supposed to communicate, especially after being together for three years. Tony not saying anything meant that he wasn’t as invested as Steve, period.
Tony smiled ruefully. “Guess we’re both a little at fault then. Anyway—I just wanted to say I’m on board now, I know what to expect, and if you still want to keep doing this—”
“Then you shouldn’t blame yourself either,” Steve shoots back. “Because you did the same thing. You just had a little more information than we did.”
“Let’s see, story, story, story,” he mutters once he has her settled in her bed. “Ah, here’s a good one! Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Maguna who went to bed and immediately fell asleep. The end!”
He didn’t know how much money he’d given the Uber driver, probably more than he should have, but he could barely see the bills through the tears threatening to overspill, so he’d just thrown a wad of cash at him and escaped into his apartment.
“—go first,” Steve finished. He rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly, glancing to the right to avoid looking too long at Tony, who looked like he was about to start laughing. “Ah. You first.”
He kept believing that right up until Tony shoved one of the coffees under his nose. Steve blinked, eyes crossing in a futile attempt to bring the cup into focus. It smelled exactly like how he preferred it—heavy cream with a dash of vanilla syrup—but he was still having trouble putting the pieces together in his brain.
“Mama,” he’d protested, sixteen and believing himself to be completely independent and hating that his mom was telling who to be friends with.
The sun has nearly set by the time Bucky and Sam emerge from Bucky’s home, both of them blinking in the dusk light. Steve puts his phone away and hurries over to them, looking at their faces as though it’ll give him some kind of clue as to what they decided.
“It was Janet’s idea,” Tony says with a little shrug. “She pointed out that there are some tricky potions out there for people without formal training, which most of our vendors don’t have, so she suggested using their ingredients to make some of the potions and sell them.”
The day passed them by and they couldn’t still shake it off. What were they supposed to do now, knowing that their neighbors had so much power? Could they even go back to the way things were before, happy and ignorant?
Steve’s hands froze in pushing up Tony’s shirt, warm against Tony’s back. Tony didn’t often cede control. He liked to take charge in the bedroom, liked to tell Steve where to put his hands and his mouth and his cock, and it wasn’t that Steve minded that! For as much as Tony liked to be the one telling Steve what to do, Steve liked to be the one told what to do, and he didn’t get that nearly as often as he would have liked from his other partners, who frequently assumed that because he was bigger, he wanted to be the one in charge. This was just new, was all, and when Tony had pressed him against the door as soon as it closed behind them, he’d assumed tonight would be like every other night.
“Oh,” Tony says again. There’s a moment where they’re both silent, the only sounds coming from the cat purring and Tony tapping his fingers on the glowing thing beneath his shirt. “So, why are you here, then?”
Tony hummed. “It’s just such a shame that you were too busy to pay attention to me the way you should have.”
“You know,” Sam says at one point, “there’s one person who’s not a part of this discussion and should be.”
DUM-E beeps at him, brandishing the fire extinguisher he’s holding like a shield. Tony suddenly wishes he had any artistic talent at all beyond drafting because the idea of DUM-E holding Captain America’s shield in his arms has sprung into his mind, and he wants very badly to draw that so he can hang it on the wall. Rhodey would probably find it hilarious.
“It’s gonna be okay, sweetheart,” Steve whispered into Tony’s hair, pulling him tighter into his side.
Tony sighed. “No, I guess not. But I do get tired of the screaming. No one should have to listen to that at four in the afternoon.”
I know he’s done some strange things in the past, but nothing like this. This is way over the line.”
The door closed behind the girl and Steve whipped around, a smirk spreading across his face. Tony raised one eyebrow, waiting.
Tony: But grand gestures can also go incredibly right. We like to tell horror stories because a love of the macabre is a thing and there’s nothing humans like more than hearing about other people failing miserably, but there’s a reason grand gestures are considered romantic. Maybe you’re madly in love with your college roommate and he invites you to spend the summer with him, but you’ve already got plans with another friend, so you tell him you can’t go. But you know that his birthday is on the fourth of July and that he was really disappointed you couldn’t be there, so you surprise him at the fireworks and ask him out. Wouldn’t you say that’s romantic, Steve?
Steve takes a moment to breathe in the sight of him in the romper he’d chosen to surprise Steve with on his birthday. Briefly, he wonders what Tony had had planned for that night, though he can’t regret how this has all turned out. Or, well, he can regret the power blackout, but not how beautiful Tony looks, gleaming with sweat and looking like a damn picture.
“I bet you boys say that about everyone you have on the show,” Betty said, grinning conspiratorially at Tony.
Tony always ran. He never stopped running. He ran from his dad’s expectations, from his responsibilities at Stark Industries, from every tough conversation he’d ever had to have. Once, Steve had thought that that was okay because Tony was always running
“She came to me. Her and that guy—he calls himself Professor X—I mentioned have been talking about their kind becoming more prominent, and they thought the best way would be by working with the Avengers.”
Even so, Tony doesn’t mind the searches. Howard always brings Tony with him, and he enjoys spending time with his dad, even if they are searching for a dead man.
“No, gentlemen, let me handle the Ladies Association my way. You don’t see me getting mixed up in any of your soirees, do you? Wanda, backstage.”
Hand coming up to cup Steve’s cheek, lips gently pressing against his, eyes fluttering closed. And Steve—Steve nearly freezes, but right when Tony goes to pull away, his brain comes back online and he kisses him back. Tony sighs, a perfect sound that Steve wants to bottle and keep forever. He kisses him again and again, lips moving against each other’s, and only when Steve has to breathe does he pull away.
Steve moved before looking, trusting that Tony wouldn’t tell him to move like that without there being a good reason. It was only once he was standing on the other side of the living room that he turned to the window, wondering what had Tony so scared: Wanda and Agnes, facing off against each other, each with glowing hands. It wasn’t something Steve had ever seen in Westview, not from either woman or ever, really. His breath caught as he stared at the showdown, only realizing when she forced them to their knees, that Agnes was holding Wanda’s two sons hostage.
This chapter isn't based off of any one particular episode. I just wanted to have a cute little interlude with them working to get the store up and running
He pulls into the parking lot next to the motel and puts the car in park, suddenly hesitating. He’s never felt this nervous on a date before. Does he say something about it being a date? Does he lean over and kiss him? He wants to. He
Vision looked between the two of them, clearly not in on the joke, but before Steve could clue him in, he thanked them again and left. Tony just shrugged and continued on with the grocery shopping, but Steve looked after him a moment longer. Strange noises, huh? Well, he hadn’t heard any yet, but he’d keep an ear out.
“Great,” he says. “Now, I know this isn’t a ‘real’ scene, but you said you’d done this before—” It occurs to him that Tony is only nineteen and he suddenly wonders who exactly Tony has done this with and if they’d known how young he is. He’s not sure he’ll like the answer. “Ah, you said you’d done this—”
“Why didn’t you sign?” he asks suddenly. Steve knows why he hadn’t, but he realizes that now that he doesn’t actually know why Sam hadn’t signed—or for that matter, why
Tony snorted. “Sure, good luck with that.” He and Steve exchanged another look, amused this time. Both of them were more than aware that the “neighborhood watch” was just an excuse for the men in the neighborhood to get together and gossip without having to either call it gossip or validate it to their wives.
He and Tony had fallen back into bed together for the first time three years ago after their one-hundredth episode. Somehow, they’d never managed to
Caller: [laughs] So, my partner wants to go out for dinner tonight, but I already made plans to go out with my friends. I told them I couldn’t do a date tonight and they got mad at me. This isn’t the first time this has happened and I’m really getting frustrated with them. What should I do?
“Yeah,” Steve says thoughtfully, tapping his tablet against the palm of his hand. “Something like that.”
“Steve?” he called hesitantly, not daring to take his eyes off the light. Tony didn’t know what would happen if he looked away from it, but he was halfway terrified that it would disappear if he looked away, that he would look back and it would be the same as it had always been. He wasn’t sure which was worse—if he had imagined it or if it truly had changed. Neither had an explanation that he liked, and he was—not scared, he wasn’t afraid of anything, but—nervous, maybe.
He hadn’t known that. Or, rather, he supposes he objectively knew that when he and Sam decided not to tell Tony about finding Bucky. But he guesses that he just thought that Tony would have figured out that something else was going on, that Tony hadn’t gone into that airport believing Steve would be willing to come to blows over the
Tony sighed dramatically and flopped back over onto Steve’s chest. “You would me deeply, darling, but I will brave the wilds of Dottie’s Ladies Association for you.”
Dinner with Sam and Bucky was always nice. Steve liked to find supposedly “authentic” Cajun restaurants he could find in New York (not that there were very many) and drag Sam to them so he could listen to Sam, whose parents owned both a shrimp boat and a restaurant in Louisiana that Sam also worked at, rant for the entire meal about the inauthenticity of the restaurant. It was a fun game that Steve loved, and since Sam was never too put out by it, especially since Steve would always make sure to take them out the next morning for the best bagels in Brooklyn, he saw no harm in continuing the tradition.
Tony dashed in a little over two minutes before showtime, holding two cups of coffee in his hand. Steve looked at them curiously. A few weeks ago, he would have thought Tony had two cups because he was going to give one to Steve, but Tony hadn’t done that since their argument. Maybe he’d had a bad night or something and needed more than his usual caffeine intake.
Steve hesitates and then goes ahead with what he’s really thinking, “Maybe. But if it’s any consolation, I want to rub our success in Howard’s smug little face too.”
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Stark. I’m Vision Maximoff. My wife and I just moved to town a few days ago.” The man seemed eager to please and Tony realized he was smiling reassuringly. There was just something about Vision that made him want
“Right,” he says, because he doesn’t want to argue with his maybe soulmate. “SHIELD. I can talk with SHIELD.”
Steve: Then you shouldn’t be that upset about this, other than for the normal reasons you’d be sad a friend is moving. It sucks that you’re losing that convenience, but that’s all it is. You’ll find someone else.
From what he can tell through the window, Tony is meditating, floating about a foot off the ground, eyes closed. A few of the products are floating as well, all metal items, which makes sense when he thinks about how Tony’s specialty is in metallurgy and electrical spells.
But the lights that he wired just a couple days ago start flickering and Tony stills before pulling away.
“When did we meet? That’s an easy one,” Steve laughed. Tony was visible in the background behind Steve, washing dishes. “We met… we met… well, you know, it’s been… I don’t know, I guess it feels like I’ve known Tony my entire life. I can’t really remember a time when I
“Yes, Dr. Stark brings grave news,” T’Challa says, sitting in the throne. He waves Steve and Tony both to chairs of their own. “We were going to reach out to you to ask you to return, but then you announced your imminent arrival and we thought it best to wait.”
“Well, I guess we’ll just have to go and get you another one tomorrow then, won’t we?” she says, fighting to keep her voice steady. How can Howard miss what’s right in front of him?
“And maybe we could discuss—uh—doing this again?” Tony asks. He sounds nervous and hopeful all at the same time, fingers tapping on the doorframe as he looks at Steve with wide eyes.
“No problem. He thought I might have some advice, seeing as how I’m the one who fought for him to be allowed to lease the store in the first place, instead of that ridiculous Santa’s Village place.”
“Ty,” Tony supplies, and Rhodey relaxes a little. If he’s thinking of the right Ty, then he’s only a year older than Tony and not an adult. It’s still only a little though—if the Ty he’s thinking of is the right Ty, then Rhodey should have warned Tony away from him a very long time ago based on his reputation alone.
By the time the summer rolled around, they’d grown so close that Steve suggested they spend the summer break together too, instead of Tony joining one of his other friends like he’d originally planned. Tony had kissed his cheek and told him it was a sweet offer but he couldn’t just back out on Rhodey like that. Steve had thought about that kiss all the way up until his birthday when Tony surprised him at the fireworks. Steve hadn’t even hesitated; he’d pulled Tony in and kissed his smiling mouth.
He slid down the railing until he was sitting on the stairs, listening grumpily as Steve apologized to the girl for taking longer than usual to turn on their porch light and gave her two candy bars to thank her for her patience. It was taking too long, he decided. If Steve
not paying us at all.” He glanced at the clock above the studio’s door. “And we’ve still got two minutes to air. Ward’s still running his mouth about sports statistics, so calm down.”
The scent of roses abruptly disappears and Steve realizes he’s standing a lot closer to Janet than he’d like to be. He backs up, nearly running into the counter. Something hisses behind him and he jumps.
“Your boy’s wasted as a sniper,” Sam says, shaking his head. “He should be doing persuasive speaking.” He smiles at Steve. “Bucky and I talked with T’Challa. He thinks he’ll be able to talk the UN into letting me try a probationary role like Scott, so I can see how this all works from the inside before I make a decision on signing.”
They head back to Tony’s little work area, Tony eagerly chattering on about the project he’s working on for Natasha. Steve listens, fingers itching for the drawing tablet he’d left in the galley with Natasha and Clint. Tony is lovely when he’s animatedly talking about his inventions. Steve has half a dozen folders saved on his tablet, filled with nothing but different poses of Tony.
“No,” Steve repeated. “Really, it’s fine. I’m pretty sure Ophelia lives near here anyway. I’m sure she’ll come pick me up.”
Tony groaned again and tilted his head back to the ceiling. “I hate Focus on the Family,” he said grumpily.
“You want to see something cool?” Tony asks. Steve barely manages to nod before Tony has extinguished the lights with a wave of his hand. A beat passes and then the store lights up with a thousand tiny galaxies, drifting through starlit space.
Tony turns to his pouting daughter and crosses his arms. “Now that it’s just us, why don’t you tell me what’s going on, Miss Morgan?”
“Right,” Steve said weakly, still caught on Tony’s suggestion. Tony gave him a little wave and left, closing the door behind him. Steve slumped back in his chair, mind reeling.
“I tell Wanda that every time she goes out,” Natasha says evenly. “But no one’s mentioned that to you yet, and I think it’s time one of us did.”
looking when it comes to Steve. He doesn’t like Steve avoiding him. It means no more cooling snow drifts, no more long runs through the Forest, no more hugs, no more
Tony lowers his sunglasses to give the reporter such a quelling glare that Steve is surprised the man doesn’t hide. He would have if he’d been glared at like that. “Next,” Tony bites out, “question.”
For whatever reason, that’s the conversation he’s thinking of when Nat shows up at the team’s safehouse three days after Steve breaks the team out of the Raft. She’s welcomed with open arms, hugs from those closest to her and a friendly wave from Scott, who doesn’t know her at all. Even Steve hugs her, murmuring his thanks for coming to join them.
“Colonel Rhodes has been moved to a consultant position while he recovers from injuries sustained during a mission. Next—"
“So you’re still not willing to sign them as they are,” Tony says quietly, fingers tapping a staccato beat on the arm of his chair.
Steve hides a smile and stands, passing his pieces off to Clint, who’s losing worse than either Steve or Natasha. “Here, you can have mine. Not sure how long I’ll be down there.”
tired. Well. He always looks tired but this is worse. This is a bone-deep weariness that Steve recognizes: he’s seen it in the mirror every morning he got up since leaving Tony in Siberia. He puts on a good face for the others, but he’s—he’s… exhausted.
haven’t talked through what happened last time? Steve, that’s no foundation for a relationship. Someone’s going to get hurt.”
“I’m not decommissioning you,” he says to his distraught bot. “It’s just a software update while we wait for your new strut to finish fabricating. You don’t have to worry that I’m never going to turn you back on again.” He watches as DUM-E spins around in a circle and promptly runs into Rhodey’s bed, toppling over due to the unbalanced weight of his struts. “Even if it would make my life easier.”
Tony points at the two cauldrons in use. “That one’s Liquid Luck, figured we could sell it, and that one’s Wolfsbane.”
He inhaled shakily. How was Tony so calm about this? How could he bring up the best memory of Steve’s life like he hadn’t callously broken his heart three years later? How could he
“No, you’re definitely the early bird in this relationship,” Tony joked. He almost expected to hear that laughter again, but it was silent. Perhaps their neighbors had wandered off, or maybe he just wasn’t as funny as Steve. “I’m fine. Just—it was the strangest thing this morning. I thought I heard music when I was waking up.”
“Why would I mind?” Tony asks casually, but there’s something tense beneath his words. Steve doesn’t think it’s a bad kind of tensed though, more like the tense feeling you get before the first drop of a rollercoaster. He wants Steve there, just as Steve wants to
Ana continues to whisper her story to the boy, stroking his dark curls as Tony settles back down. It’s only a few minutes before Tony is fully asleep again, and Ana bends over his crib to put him down. She lingers for a moment, brushing a sweet kiss across his forehead, and Maria is reminded with a pang that Ana and Edwin had tried for years to have a child. Well, it’s clear that Tony adores her just as much as he does Maria, and if there’s enough love in that boy’s heart to go around, then she thinks she can learn to share her bright boy.
“Hey, I think there might actually be something wrong with him,” Luis says, awestruck by Tony’s rambles. “Not even
He crawls up next to Tony and carefully undoes the row of buttons, baring Tony to the navel. He pushes the straps down Tony’s shoulders and then guides his hands to either side of his head.
Tony huffs out a sigh. “Seriously, you don’t know who I am? This place doesn’t look like a rock but it has to be since you’re living under it.” He digs his wallet out of the pocket of his hoodie, slides his driver’s license out of it, and passes it to Steve.
“And what do you have to say to allegations that Colonel Rhodes was injured by Captain Rogers and his team after they refused to sign the Accords?”
Tony shrugs. “A few.” His voice quiets to a whisper that even Steve has to strain to hear, “And maybe I’m tired of the Compound being as quiet as it is.”
“Right,” Steve agrees and decides not to tell him that at this point, he might as well have bought it. It’s not like the old apothecary is ever coming back, and Tony is already embarrassed enough, no need to fluster him any further. He gestures to his desk. “You wanna have a seat?”
a washed-up has-been. But he figures this is one of those “only I get to talk bad about my family” kind of thing. Or maybe, under Tony’s resentment and anger, he genuinely cares about his father and doesn’t want to see his ex turn him into a laughingstock. It makes Steve fall just that much harder for him.
him like that—because he knows he had. He had used Tony’s money and his resources and his considerable brains to track down Bucky. It hadn’t been until they’d realized that the psychologist—
“How confusing is it if I say the motel? Actually, never mind, I refuse to claim a motel as my place of residence. Can we skip that one too and come back to it?”
“Oh no, I don’t eat food,” Vision said. Steve turned and gave him a funny look. That didn’t make any sense. Vision caught his look and chuckled nervously. “I’m kidding, of course! I eat food, just like any other regular human.”
Steve kissed him again, tasting like the candy Tony had thought he would, and pushed him flat against the couch cushions. Tony wound his arms around Steve’s neck, his leg hitching around his hips, and—
“Not sex,” Tony said immediately. “Just—this is what people do when they get fired, right? They go out and they get a drink and they talk shit about their fucking awful bosses?”
Hi, everyone! You might have noticed that I updated the tags to include one for unhealthy relationships. I debated for a while about adding it - I really wasn't sure the fic needed it when Steve and Tony aren't actually in a relationship - but after reading through some of the comments, I decided it was better to add it and not need it. I can promise you though that like all my fics, this will end happily, though it might not seem like it right now.
weird.” Not weird enough to keep thinking about it though. Probably one of the older kids had figured out a contraption to steal everything. “How about a movie?”
“Apparently, when I clicked on the text, it ended the call? Which, I didn’t know phones could do that, so I will be fixing that just as soon as we get out of this hellhole. Also, I have some thoughts on the name—”
Steve was abruptly glad they didn’t know he’d been sleeping with Tony for the last three years. “I am,” he said. They exchanged one of those looks that married couples were infamous with, the ones that compressed a thousand words into a single glance. Steve sighed and insisted, “I
He spun around in a little circle, letting Steve take in every inch of him: the way the hem draped just below his ass, the lace detailing on the skirt, the bow right between his shoulder blades. Steve muttered something to whoever he was on the phone with—Herb, probably—and hung up. He stood, taking two steps to cross the room to where Tony was standing at the base of the stairs and pulled him into his arms.
He drags the bowl of ice closer to him and selects one of the larger cubes, small enough that it’ll slip easily enough into Tony’s unstretched hole, but large enough that it won’t melt right away. He glances up at where Tony is watching him.
Tony isn’t alone in the store when Steve gets there. Dummy is draped over the counter, grey tail twitching lazily, and there’s a petite redhead lifting glass horses out of a box and putting them on one of the shelves. Considering that Tony only ever talks about three people in this town, Rhodey, the vet Janet is working for, and his friend, Steve would be willing to bet that this is the friend.
The copper pipes running the room are too close to avoid bumping into for someone as large as Steve, so he doesn’t even bother trying to avoid them, letting them brush against his skin as he follows the sound of Tony humming. When he’d first joined the crew, he’d been worried about Tony complaining that Steve couldn’t move around the engine room without knocking
Steve scoffed. “Come on, Tony, don’t you know better than to listen to that asshole?” It drew a reluctant chuckle out of Tony, and Steve couldn’t resist grinning at him. “Rumlow’s jealous he’s still stuck in the sound booth after all these years. Ain’t no way Pierce would cancel us. For fuck’s sake, we made talk show radio popular again.”
Steve is capable of facing down bullies and insane gods alike, but this legalese might actually do him in.
“He’s not leaving Wakanda yet. Shuri says he doesn’t think he’s ready. She said he’s raising goats, named the smallest one Steve.”
By the time the show was over and Betty had made her goodbyes, Steve was running very late to pick up Sam and Bucky from the airport. He hated being late—Tony was the one who’d always been late for everything when they were dating, though things had clearly changed during the ten years they’d been working separately—but at least he’d had the time to shoot them a quick text to grab an Uber instead of waiting for him back when he’d realized that Betty wanted to talk after the show was over. She was still talking as they made their way outside, clearly flushed with exhilaration from the high of being on the radio. Steve remembered that high. He hadn’t felt it in a few years, used to hosting as he was, but it used to be one of his favorite parts about radio shows.
Steve bites back an involuntary grin. Yeah, that sounds like New York alright. He grabs the incorporation papers and a pen as he settles down in his chair—a little too short for him but it works for Luis and this is his business so Steve doesn’t complain about it.
“I take it you like it then?” Tony purred, running his hands up Steve’s chest. Maybe, if he was lucky, Steve would be so distracted by how he looked and take him upstairs and then they wouldn’t have to worry about any kids coming up to their front door. Tony could see the porch light from where he was; Steve hadn’t gotten around to turning it on yet, so no one would think they were supposed to be passing out candy.
“As though you’re not as bad,” Steve retorted. “Or have you already forgotten about—about…” Huh. That was odd. He couldn’t remember the name of the high schooler Tony had taken under his wing last year. He could picture the boy’s face—the mischievous grey eyes, the cheeky turn of his smile—but the name kept slipping through like water in a sieve.
That was entirely possible. Rumlow liked to feel superior to everyone in the station, and he liked to flaunt it on the rare occasions he genuinely
That’s news to Steve, though since he hasn’t heard from Bucky in a while, he supposes he can’t be too shocked. “Yeah?”
“Probably not. People in power always think they can control everything. But what matters is that we are beholden to someone, instead of being able to do however much damage we feel like and leaving the financial burden of cleanup to the people we hurt the most.”
“Okay, now that’s just rude,” Tony teases but he’s grinning as he says it, so Steve counts it as a win.
Steve met Tony three weeks before their first semester of college. Somehow—and Steve still wasn’t sure how—they’d been matched together as roommates, which made no sense considering Steve had specifically requested Bucky as his roommate and Tony’s obscenely wealthy parents had donated an entire new dorm just so their son didn’t have to share a dorm room with anyone.
objected, but not to nearly as much as Tony probably thinks. Fuck, he owes Tony another apology, doesn’t he?
“If you say so,” Steve said doubtfully. Tony rolled his eyes and walked away, heading for the garage.
“What’s wrong with our gear?” Steve asks, looking down at his suit. Sure it’s a little dingier than he’d like but that’s what happens when they’re bouncing from safehouse to safehouse. And besides, it’s all still functioning.
He laughs and rubs his thumbs over Tony’s hands. “We won’t, don’t worry. Rhodey promised me he’d make sure everything was fresh.”
It takes him a moment to remember he’d said he was out on a run. He grimaces. “I’m trying not to think about that. Cold water’s the worst.”
“Thor?” Steve repeats. It’s been nearly two years without word from the god. He had assumed Thor was still traveling the Nine Realms, looking for word about whatever had so spooked him during the battle with Ultron and the Maximoffs. “He’s back?”
They pause in between each session for Steve to untie the ropes, rub some ointment into the red marks on Tony’s body, and murmur quiet praise into Tony’s ear. This might not be a “real” session by most people’s definition, but he’ll be damned if he ever ties someone up and doesn’t tell them how good they’re being for him. And Tony clearly likes it, checking in with him often to make sure he’s holding his pose the way Steve wants him to and gasping a little every time Steve praises him, eyes going dark.
“—to make them friendlier to those who have risked their lives to protect us from those who see this world harmed. The Accords are meant to protect all people, including superpowered individuals themselves, and that is why, effective immediately, the Accords will include protections for the individuals we call superheroes, both powered and not.”
him. He knew better now. It had only been a matter of time before Tony ran from him too, and now he was doing it again.
Through the grainy video, he sees her smile. It’s distorted by the way the video keeps glitching—they don’t have the best service here—and he wonders if her video of him is any clearer. It probably is. He knows how advanced Wakanda tech is, and Shuri’s view that everything can be improved means it’s probably even better than it was the last time he was there.
He was, and he knew that it was a risk, but he couldn’t just leave those two boys out there. That wasn’t who he was, and that wasn’t who Tony was either, though he was a little too shocked by what was going on with Agnes and Wanda to remember it.
“We’ve been working on that,” Tony says. “The new guidelines put in place mean that we won’t just be sued when a building gets destroyed. We’ll have to help with cleanup, maybe shoulder a little bit of the financial burden—which, hey, we were doing all along—get people’s permissions when we want to go into a country, but we’re not going to be ganged up on for what’s really the fault of whoever we’re fighting that day.”
He taps the phone against his chin, thinking. It could be a trap. If it had been Steve planning a message like this, it definitely would have been a trap. But the house in Sweden…he doesn’t think Tony would compromise that, compromise the best memories of his mother, just to catch Steve.
He pauses. Really? That’s not something he’d considered. Just like Tony, he’s never been called subtle a day in his life. It hadn’t occurred to him that Tony genuinely hadn’t known. “Tony really didn’t know?” he asks cautiously. “This wasn’t his way of letting me down gently?”
He spends another few hours at Tony’s hotel, watching badly dubbed movies with him until Tony’s yawns almost come faster than he can finish the previous one. “Okay, sleep,” Steve says, carefully climbing out from under Tony’s arm. “Come on. You look exhausted.”
