**************************
Healing her wounds were harder than he thought, with the baby taking his grace it was deeming. But Gabe can fix that, pulling her arm behind his head and holding her waist Cas starting walking out of the barn where Claire was standing.
She used to tell him, how angels were watching over him. He lost faith the day she died but it came back the day he was saved by the most beautiful angel. Even the doctors were shocked at how fast he progressed, the will to live overpowered death. He will not stop till the day he find his blue-eyed beauty.
He clutches the arms of the seat when the instructions are given. Gulping, Dean holds in his breath because as unreal as it sounds, he is scared shitless of flying.
Dean looks at Cas who still doesn't look back at him. Running a hand through his hair, he thinks of something to light the moment but comes up with nothing so he says the only thing he has been jerking off at ! am "Benny and Jo brought all of your stuff."
Free... it's a delightful feeling and that is what Cas feels without the suit Jimmy used to wear. Cas never knew he was claustrophobic until the black-white combination left his body. Dressed in a black tank top, checkered grey flannel, black shorts, and black shoes having time of his life.
She frowned confused "But Lucifer? Michael?"
Cas laughed when heard a smack sound and bickering, he responded smiling "I'm so happy. Me and Gabriel are finally going to get peace from Michael's mother-hen syndrome."
Dean is driving when he asks looking at Cas "What are you gonna do now?" Cas says glumly "Return to heaven, I suppose." Inside he knows he can't go back because of all the rebelling he did but he can try his best after all he was kind of the baby of his angel family.
Cas frowns, he is already sad and not ready for puzzles "Speak plain."
"Are you fit to be parents?" They all turn at the same time with an arched eyebrow towards her.
Dean cuts her off with a challenging look, he intimidates "I am asking about what you did, not him."
Cas watched with narrowed eyes as Dean stood up from his chair and approached him. Swallowing he waited for what was his blonde man going to do. But like in the morning, the mob boss just held out his hand and without hesitation, Cas slipped his hand on Dean's. Their hands fitted perfectly like they were made for each other.
Setting it on the table he goes back to reading but is again interrupted. His eyes widen when Gabriel enters panting heavily, the usual air of mischief gone from his features. He is carrying a swirling sword, that Gabe has named 'The Archangel Sword' for some reason. When his brother's champagne eyes looked up there was a scared look in it which raised all Cas's protective hackles.
"I...miss Dean. I wanted to be in his arms so much but now watching him.." He stutters between his words, a new set of tears falling as he chokes out "I just can't....he has sacrificed so much I-I can't ask for more. It's selfish and he seems so happy with her."
"How old were you when you started?"
Cas cut off his brothers babbling huffing "Michael, I'm 25. I know how to take care of myself" Maybe he shouldn't have said that too, as he is one abducted.....
Leaning in Dean put his head on his omega's, making Cas blush cutely biting his bottom lip and wrap his arm around Dean's massive shoulder "Alpha...my Alpha..." He whispered, making Dean feel worse about himself.
Cas speaks up "I forgot to tell you tomorrow Raphael is taking full control of Heaven, he wants to get Apocalypse back on the road."
Alicia sighed wistfully "Leader doesn't let us get involved. He still thinks we are kids...even though we have raided at least 26 coastlines."
"Explain yourself, soldier." He grounded out, breathing harsh breath through his nose, feeling his Demon wolf scratching his walls to come out and kill the person who abused his future mate.
"Never thought this was going to happen." Cas doesn't reply to the demon and just sniffs basking himself in pain.
Benny looks at him in amusement, Cas sighs and chuckles a little as the man mocks his look before says offering his arm like a gentleman which he so is not "May I escort you to the ball, Monsieur?"
He looks down, cringing more when Balthazar groans, and curses the father of the Winchester clan. "Those boys are nothing but trouble, and you're still rooting for them."
ll est :  He is
Dean looks up at Cas, he can see the whole ocean through the blue orbs. His other hand takes hold of Cas' waist, kneading the soft flesh. Pulling Cas more towards him, he gasps feeling his muscles contract when Dean pulls at him, straddling the Alpha's lap. Warm breaths panting on each other, Dean's hand go down pawing at the soft skin of Cas' leg streaming out of the slit on his red dress.
He blinked gripping onto the railing "You were dead, I cried for you, mourned your death as you were buried infront of my eyes and you are saying we never cared enough" Cas choked out turning towards the red haired who still didn't meet his eyes.
and you are asking me to fucking calm down." Lucifer gritted through his teeth, glaring daggers at Gabriel beside him.
He decided to be the voice of reason "Blaming each other never solves the problem. You first, Sam." He smiled at the younger of them, urging him to go on.
"I'm tired. and you remember we have flight tomorrow. I think you should rest, stress is not good for your heart." Cas pulls back rolling his eyes annoyed, he doesn't understand why people keep bugging him about his heart. He only fainted one time in his life and the third class doctor present in the camp, where he fainted announced he have
Cas wakes up and feels a very gentle touch running over his feet. His last memory is nothing but him running out of the shop. Did he escape? Then why does he feel the sudden ache in his heart, maybe he has a heart problem? Because no way he's gonna miss Dean Winchester.
"Yeah!!" His brother nods grinning cheering him. "GO CASSIE!!!" They look back to Lucifer who was cheering for him and has also convinced kids to do so too. Cas blushes in embarrassment and looks back at Michael who is pinching between his eyes but there is soft smile gracing his face.
His eyes slit as he forwarned with a serious look "Be careful. There are a lot of important things."
Adam ignores them and asks Johny "Hey, you said daughter?"
Cas spins around, barely managing to not fall over. It's like a deja vu.
The smile that morphs in Claire's face at the end is wonderful and Cas had never felt this pure in his life. Little happy tears fall from his eyes but he wipes them and goes back to the living room to wait for others. But before that he puts a bumblebee stuff toy beside Claire that he chose for the new baby, when she cuddles to it Cas knows he is gonna love this little girl like his own and never let her get hurt, again.
Cas nods and picks up his short-kimono blue robe, throwing his glasses at Zach who splutters out of the pool, the goggles heat his head as Cas starts running for his freedom oblivion to the fact it's already taken from him.
Cas did nothing but obligingly followed the burly Alpha as grave silence was created around them. When he looked back at Dean, the man was standing in the middle with his eyes turned full-back with red irises like on the plane and his skin changing onto wolf-like, a different predatory and murderous look in his face that Cas wishes will never turn to him.
Castiel threw the holy oil at Michael lending him on fire as he screamed in agony before vanishing. This could give them some time while Dean tried to bring back Sam. Dean looked at Cas incredulously as he asked "Assbutt???" Cas shrugged his shoulders as he said quickly breathing heavily "He'll be back and.... upset. But you got your 5 mins"
His hands moved on his own, he ran his hand over the omega's wet hair. He rubbed at the back of Cas's ear making him purr in delight. "You're so beautiful, Cas."
After she left, Cas kept packing but he can feel Gabriel's eyes piercing him like needles. "You know, I need to do this," Cas whispered, his eyes started watering as he pulled the crown from his head, his father told him sacrifices for the family never goes vain. Pressing his lips in a thin line he contained his tears but when Gabe's warm hand rested on his back he started sobbing.
Gabe asks seriously "So he knows about the sex right?"
Thank you for all the support for this fic, I wasn't actually going for many since everywhere I look there is a topic 'Cas can't be bottom.' Like dude chill, everybody has there preferences, I have mine and I like to see Cas fucked.....that came out wrong....sorry.
"And maybe, you can come after I settle down. I promise you will also fall in love with the place." He said hopefully, but he isn't even sure that Dean is even going to let him meet his family.
"Yup, that's him. You can handover the drive to him." He grinned, finally he will do something instead of sitting on his rear.
He raps his arms around Cas shoulder and loops his other arm through his knee bend picking him up bridal style. Dean motions at Sam to open the door. He nuzzles to his omega's head walking towards their room. He didn't thought that Cas is gonna be this good at escaping. He wants to preen and shower Cas with gifts for his intelligence but now wouldn't be a good time, since the omega has already gotten himself hurt because of using his brain too much.
She turned to her daughter who was wailing trying to hold of the blood spilling form her mother's stomach "I-I love you..."
There was silence settled around as Cas looked at the man baffled, what? He must be dreaming, maybe he will wake up back in his room, planning for Balthazar's arrival and their wedding but the cut on his leg was painful enough to deny that it was a dream.
There's a fucking painting of
Cas sulked in his room, he had nothing to do. After his bath which thankfully Dean let him do alone, he has worn white robes with deep v neck and shimmery sleeves. Dean has left giving him strict orders to not move, he will come back or send someone to fetch him.
"Thank you." He said as Dean took some of the plates from him and they moved towards the table on the side, the omega started arranging the food while the gangster brought two chairs putting it side by side.
He tries to stand up steadily looking towards the door "You know what?" He gets to his feet stumbling and starts walking away "Fuck off"
benefitting him? Kidnapping him? Travelling him to foreign lands?
Cas is back at the cemetery, looking around the death ground worrying his bottom lip between his teeth another habit he caught on watching humans. When he is at the area where the hole to hell was dugged sometime ago. Now, with his Archangel abilities may be saving a mortal would be a lot easier but he doesn't want to have this overconfidence so he decides to take help.
writing for views. Write for your own passion, write because
"Thanks"
"I'll get right into it then."
(See the end of the chapter for
Jo snorted, she was glad that her plan to push Cas onto someone else failed. The omega was certainly serious about Dean. And it's the only thing she wishes, her brother's happiness.
He feels warmness behind him as two rough hands clasp his arm softly pulling him away from Benny towards a strong chest, he hears a growl over his head directed at Benny who just looks amused.
{This is the last one of Dean's pov, next will be after 1 year goes by}
He breathes in and out, his skin heating, burning as he endures the throbbing pain on his talus. The officers looked mildly worried for him before their eyes caught the attention of someone, now they looked anxious and straightened their posture.
Dean smiles nuzzling on the dark locks, licking the shell of the ear enjoying the moans coming out of his angel mouth. He groans and pushes his fingers deeper to the tightness, looking for the prostate. When he finally does Cas jerks back with a broken moan but he doesn't get far since Dean has his hands pinned. "....Right..there Dean." Dean does what Cas says hitting the prostate again and again.
Cas grimaces that seems to calm him down. He cradles his hurt wrist in his hand and follows the man. He doesn't make to run away because even he did, he doesn't know how is he gonna pass this large guy.
"I'm pregnant" Cas smiled, rubbing his belly lovingly while the girl stared him incredulously "I might be 5 weeks along now."
"Great family I have." Dean rolls his eyes grumbling.
The closet starts rocking from the commotion happening inside it. Dean pumps faster with every Cas' moans. The angel is so needy for the hunter, finally Dean is his as much as he is Dean's.
Cas let out a huff of laugh watching the three people run, he looked over his shoulder at the grave one last time. A soft wind blew past him like Amelia was here.
which is a lot coming from his mouth because he is the epitome of unusual. But
"Okay, tell me that you lied and you are just going to go to your room, take the nearby sword, and put it on the elder Winchester's chest."
Dean let out a dark chuckle, taking a sip from his coffee, and confessed emotionlessly "Yeah, ripped that guy apart myself. That weasel has had a record of destroying many innocent families too. That is how I met Jo, actually."
writing for views. Write for your own passion, write because
The man raised an confused eyebrow and opened the file to look at inside contents. Dean roamed around the table carelessly feeling pride at everyone trembling when he passed by. He looked back at the man who took a sharp intake of breath as the files slipped from the fingers.
"Don't fight a game, you can't win Cas." Dean said smugly trying to catch the omega's beautiful blues.
The molten lava around his rocks starts forming a shape infront of him, a massive figure stands infront of him, his dark blonde hair mated with ash and a crown forged with rocks and iron on his head, chest bare a star tatoo burning red above his chest. A black loincloth covering his lower part. Dark frecklees around his cheeks and nose, pouty pink lips and a juncture of stubble sporting his muscles jaw.
The guy splutters shocked how such a tiny creature possess this amount of strength "Not so fast." Cas, Claire and Crowley somehow settled themselves on the other side.
Taking harsh breaths his body tingles in delight. His teeth clench when Dean lowers his hand more and slides it inside his flowy skirt, kneading his thighs. On impulse Cas closes his legs, hands flying up to loosely grip Dean's suit jacket, have something to hold on to.
Cas dabs his eyes then notices the air passing through his legs, it's too open. He looks down and see he's dressed in a short black silk nightie. He covers himself with the blanket feeling very exposed.
Castiel's wardrobe:
Cas was furious, terrified, and.....a bit turned on, but that's beside the point. He scoffs at the situation he has pulled himself into. All he wanted was to spend some time with his family and boyfriend. But the boyfriend was found to be a cheating bastard and he can't even contact his family.
As they stand infront of the woodland creatures, Dean registers the hazel eyes. He frowns, lips parting. He looks at cas to confirm, his husband smiles at him nodding. Dean raises his hand nervously.
(See the end of the chapter for
"One day, some guys from a rival gang broke into our dorm room and thrashed all around the place in search of me. It was a coincidence that Jess had decided to see her parents living few towns over and there was no one... At that time, I realized how selfish it was of me to bring her into this life. So I left...that is when I heard about my father's death so I came back."
He held the cold metal handle to his lips thinking about the family he has left. After changing into a pastel shade nightgown he hid the dagger beneath the pillow and acted like he was sleeping while he waited for Dean to be back.
Crowley affirmed chewing on his steak with a smug look. Sam huffed harshly chewing on his baguette,
The omega's knees buckled as he flushed at the compliment and decided to take it higher level as he whined "I bet you would want to slip inside me right now. The skirt is
keep walking.
You know, I just saw a video of Jensen Ackles and in that he said "I had sex with an angel on my car's backseat', the comment section was filled with Cas losing his virginity long ago, guys. ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¥°
Dean steps out of the door probably to get changed himself, Cas can hear Sam's voice outside. He groans and falls back on bed thinking how is this his life?
"It's fine. I don't even want to guess what will Luci do when he... finds about all this."
Sighing Cas decides that he has to leave from Dean's clutches before he might go crazy. Stripping off the lingerie, he garbs on his red dress as fast as possible. His eyes feel moist, he misses his home but he knows Dean won't let him leave, crapwad with amazing jawline, hard muscles, and most attractive green eyes, Cas has ever seen.
written on it.
After making the big announcement, the guy steps down looking giddy. The chain curtains part like Dean's mouth when he sees who steps out. The raven hair topped with a feather crown, sun-kissed skin, pale pink lips covered in blood-red lipstick, those bluest eyes bordered by eyeliner, those hipbones lined with a maroon panty a shimmery fabric covering his middle to the ground, his chest covered only with translucent maroon shoulderless top and those lean arms covered with gold armlet. "Cas....?."
When Dean opened his door after getting freshly showered, he did not expect to see this. Cas, his omega going into sudden heat and moaning for him to mate the omega.
Cas scoffs at Dean, turning away more and trying to wriggle out his fists trapped above his head. In the midst of things he didn't guess that he was actually submitting to the Alpha, baring his neck. Dean looked at lean curve of neck and licked his lips in lust, the soft skin was shining from the little sunlight falling on it, soft elongated curls flowing from his breath. He leaned down nuzzling at the neck, his plump lips tracing Cas' neck muscles wanting to bite and mate, then and there. Cas' smells like honey, with underlying gardenia's scent and its mixes skillfully with Dean's own musky wood cent.
Even though the words maybe not be said with any deep emotion, Cas kneels and holds Claire in his embrace whispering "Thank God, you're alright. I was so scared that you ran away or got hurt."
He paused, rasing his eyebrows at Castiel who was guzzling down on the food like he hasn't eaten for months, which on it self is rare. "What's up with you, babe?"
Cas was about to nod, he was very secluded from pop culture. He has always been the good kid, finishing his homework, helping his mother, focused in school and after that he was focused on his job and Zach. His ex was actually the first person he had given his virginity too, Cas had his kinks and everything but he was also scared of the dark turn Zach could take.
"C-Castiel?" The older asked squinting his eyes, at this time it was Cas who nodded snuggling to Mich's hair. What have they done to deserve this? They cared for their people, never let any injustice happen but still, he was being taken away from his family to an unknown land with the Alpha who claims to know him but is still doing things that fright Cas.
Both Betas perked up and said at the same time, Cas was sure if they were in animal form their tails would be wagging.
****************************************************
Cas leered, playing with the rim of his glass "Lucifer is my brother's mate and he's more like an overprotective dad. When my parents died, he took it upon himself to help Michael take care of me and Gabriel. I still remember how he put a guy in hospital bed for bullying me."
But Dean doesn't need to know that. The alpha gives him a calculating look and leans in making Cas shove himself at the seat. His heart stops for a second with his breathing when the eyes looking back at him turn full black with red pupils "Is this good?"
"Can't that bastard at least leave Cas alone? He has to take him too."
Cas cried when she trailed off, her eyes nothing but blank, Claire screamed and held to her mother. He lost someone again, he really feels useless now. He promised to the heavens that he will one thing right and take care of Claire like his own, he was going to live with that oath, she is now his daughter.
Gabriel stands up and Dean takes his seat "You alright Cas?" Cas just merely nods and stairs right ahead. Dean sighs and speaks up again "I don't know what has gotten wrong with our bond, man," Before he can finish Cas sits up, glaring holes in him but Dean can see something else underlying the anger, pain which confuses him. He has never hurt Cas.
He misses his brothers and friends, more importantly, he hates doing nothing. Even if his colleagues weren't the best of people, he liked his job. It gave him a sense of pride knowing he was the best at doing his job, but if he stayed with Dean. What will be his days like and the fact that Dean's not some normal guy, he's a Winchester, leader of underworld most cruel criminal organization, is going to affect his future?
He shifted to stretch out but his leg bumped to something solid, alerting him that there's someone beside him, peeling his eyelids open he looked to his right.
Dean takes off Cas's panties with one swift move. He licks the tip making Cas's head fall back into the bed making an O shape. He pulls Cas towards him a little making him lock his ankle around Dean's as he clutches onto the sheets and pillow desperately "Deaaaaan" Dean swallows Cas whole making angel groan and pant heavily, his mouth still ajar. In a moment Cas feels a sensation on his lower stomach. He is not sure of what it is but before he can, he's cumming on Dean's mouth but instead of choking, the hunter swallows it grinning at Cas who gapes at him "Dean, is...it alright...for you to do...that?" He asks concerned for the righteous man.
"Calm down? Brother do you even hear yourself? Cas is
Dean's other hand slides down his upper body, his warm fingers play with Cas' nipples through the blue robe, Cas looks away his teeth clattering in fear as Dean's lips ghost over his cheekbones. He gasps when the hands go down squeezing his waist with an unnatural strength.
Cas feels like he is gonna pass out from oxygen deprivation, he whimpers as thoughts go through his mind, he is kidnapped on his vacation to Sicily, by a guy who is hot as hell but is also
He can feel his brother's and brother-in-law's sad pout over the phone, so he changed the topic "Are you even supposed to travel in your pregnancy? I'm surprised Luci is letting you do that."
Castiel was a great kid since he was little, he always listened to his mom and dad, never lied, got A's, never bullied But....when a charming green eyed stranger holds him captive he doesn't understand where did he go wrong? And on top of that the stranger is already in love with him and wants same from him in 1 year, 12 months, 365 days, 8760 hours,525,600 minutes 31,536,000Â seconds, till he's free.
After his stroll, Cas settled himself on the bed with his laptop to search more about Dean. He scoffed at how less the information on Hunters or anyone involved with them was present there, only a line of death but no proof that they were involved.
Chuckling Cas throw more pieces keeping one year for listening to Mrs.Butters "Oh dear, you don't seem so sure."
"Cas?"
Gabe comes forward and smacks the angel's cheek "Wakey wakey. I know you only sleep to dream about Cas"
worse like... Dean's morning wood. His breath hitches when something pokes his thigh, he can feel all the blood rush into
"No way. You are still my baby brother who ran around the house lecturing us about free will at the age of 5." Michael snickers remembering how his baby bro ran naked after his baths, slipping from their parent's grips.
"Its Sam." Cas let's out a breath of chuckle but covers it with a cough when the pair of Alphas turn to him with raised eyebrows featuring amused looks. Cas settles for sulking like he's been doing since he came here. "I will leave you guys alone," Sam says taking his jacket from the chair, giving a side hug to Dean and leaving down the path he came through.
They look around but there's no sound of feathers or flapping of trenchcoat. Sam frowns and says again louderÂ  "I pray for Castiel's help."
The angel closes his eyes inhaling before he opens it to nod and smirks cockily "Yeah after all you're gonna need more security now."
All in all the start of spring was cooler than ever.
After some more minutes of throttling through the woods, Cas started getting tired and had fallen asleep on Dean's chest and here Alpha couldn't bring himself to stop smiling at his little angel. Yeah, Cas is an angel, angel who saved him but doesn't know.
Groaning lightly he picks up his heels in one hand and opens the door "Dog poop" he curses when the door creaks, born into a holy Christian family Cas has not been very good with slang and curses most of the best he has learned is from his brother Gabriel and Michael prohibits any bad language. He contemplates for a second thinking maybe the shadow would come back but nobody does.
"This is the problem Dean, you want to know what is wrong with our bond? then listen. I am in love with you but you see me as nothing but your punching bag. When you have no one to blame there's me when there's some problem you remember me. Sometimes..sometimes I feel like I am nothing but your slave." Cas stands up and vanishes leaving Dean to gape at the empty space.
Both shuddered like the said Alpha was right behind them ready to attack Sam. The Alpha boy explained "As I was saying...when you came in the compound...many Alpha and Beta's eyed you. Some even got killed by Dean's hand for talking about you in a vulgar way."
"Oh good your here," Sam came back directing their attention to him, he asked "I have to report to Dean, will you be with Cas?"
His brother hugs him, pecking his forehead and Lucifer engulfs both of them in a bigger embrace hissing at Zach whenever he comes close. "Happy birthday Cassie, oh they grow so fast." He says dramatically making both omegas roll their eyes.
. You kidnapped me." His finger push over Dean's heart, now after all of this he doesn't even care that the man can kill him.
"You wouldn't." Max said before continuing with a casual smile "But have we heard about you? A LOT, The angel who snatched our boss's heart, your name and face are like
to shower. So, will you please
So kids that was another episode of "How I Met Your Mother?" and I finally got the hang of Ao3
Sam takes a bite of some salad in his plate, nodding his head like he hasn't just told Cas, he is meters away from his vacation spot. Cas thinks over while chewing on the bacon, if he's in America, he can already take a car or bus for going back. But he doesn't have money and anything else is already taken from him, so he isn't sure how long he can go if he did ran away. He looks at Sam in fake confidence trying to sound not caring "Can you be more specific?"
"Sometimes fighting is futile. In those cases accepting is very important." The commanding voice of Dean is enough to make Cas look at the Alpha "The faster you do it, the better for you."
He got down with Dean's help this time to not fall again, Benny's mate came forward smiling and took hold of his hand "Finally, you're here. We thought Dean will go crazy without you." There it is again, about his relation with Dean. He gave a small awkward smile not understanding the situation.
The archangel gently slipped Amelia from his shoulders, bringing his knife from beneath the coat glaring at the Grigori "What are you doing here? You're supposed to help people not hurt them."
, it's from a few years back because there's no laugh lines or stubble. But it is
The man is testing his anger, he takes three striding steps infront of Alistair, puts his foot on the boulder leaning his arms no it, with his expression hostile "You will be erased." He voice was barely above whisper but stronger than a growl, as his hand twitched to lay more punches "There would be no trace left of you...like you never existed. That will be your..... punishment."
Dean doesn't move for a while, his body still attached to Castiel's back, his dick grinding on Cas' hole as he sighs. Dean steps back before ruffling Cas' hair more. Cas feels cold on the places the heat is gone from, he feels disgusted of himself for feeling this.
Gab tries to wave it off but Balthazar butts in with a wild happy look "Yes, please."
Claire practically jumped on his lap, cuddling and wailing in his arms as the angel ran his hands through her hair rocking in his chair. "I promise to find your mother okay?" He suggested.
He can only guess how enraged his brother would be right now, if he has woken up and heard that he was kidnapped. "What you thinking about?" Dean asked cradling his slightly smaller hand in his big ones lovingly.
Well everyone in this mansion has their own kill count, but hers has been a headliner on newspaper with Winchester's name. Unfortunately, he couldn't back away much when Sam ushered him to climb inside.
Dean was about to argue but then he remembers Cas is gone, he looks around and sees many people looking at where Cas vanished to. Dean growls when he hears them saying to take his angel. Cas is his guardian angel, like hell any of these filthy hands are laying upon that body.
With a firm set of the jaw, Dean held his hand and led him out of the VIP room to a free space along the railing. He held in a moan when Dean mouthed at his neck before saying in his ear "You look
She nodded, her hair swinging. Cas liked her aura, having another omega was somewhat comforting even if she is part of a deadly organization. "I was wondering when could we spend some time together, I have been begging Dean to let us meet but everytime he just says that he doesn't want you to get overwhelmed."
Cas eyes floated to both the twins as he asked unsurely "I haven't heard a lot about you both?"
Gabriel walked inside with a roll of his eyes and sat down beside Cas on the window seat muttering "Your hopelessly innocent, what will you even do on your wedding night?"
"So, Castiel-" She started but the black haired omega cut her off.
No, he doesn't. But calling his baby a 'thing' or 'mistake' is highly unacceptable by him. He keeps his calm and puts his hands on top of Balthazar, says gently "Balthazar, I know how you feel right now. But don't worry I will teach my baby how beautiful world is and I just know that they could not be bad, I will nurture them the best."
He focuses on teleporting himself but stops when he feels some enormous power building inside him. He closes his eyes as the power surges through him and teleports himself to the cemetery. He looks around and sees Dean kneeling on the ground gazing at nothing, his face caked with blood and bruises covering his face. Cas sighs sadly, he also feels the pain of losing the young Winchester. Sam has become his friend and he always felt this motherly protective instinct for him.
The archangel growled "Last one for what?"
"I'm not going to, I'm a man of my word Sweetheart." Cas leans on the tiles when his knees feel weak at the nickname. The water is hot, he runs his hand through his messy black hair, feeling blessed out at the hot sensation running through his body.
Benny inhaled with difficulty as he continued "If you let me finish..." Cas nods apologizing "I loved her, my family was against it so I ran away with her....one night we were just strolling around when some people circled us. I was barely alive and when I woke up the next day in a ditch, I thought Andrea has the worst fate than me. There's nothing crueler than your lover gone.
"Cas.....Talk to me." He hears the angel sigh before a reply comes "You realize we still have a vampire to hunt. This is not an appropriate time for discussion." Dean seats on the chair and drops his head on his hands thinking about what he said wrong to Cas.
He bleats putting his cheek on the cold wall, gulping. He hears fast footsteps coming towards them and an old trucker voice "Excuse me." Cas feels Dean's head turn in the direction of voice "The delivery is here."
"And...you know Jo, Joanna Beth." Sam breathed out looking uncertainly at the girl whose eyes were focused on the plate. Cas was sure she might break the plate with her stare.
Cas sighs and thinks maybe a shower would do some good at this moment. His eyes look towards the two shower heads before snapping to the man beside him then back at the shower.
Instead of revolting or struggling from his hold, Claire just stops and raps her little arms around his neck, crying softly on his shoulder. The new archangel rubs her back gently. "Shhh, I'm here."
But even of that, Cas didn't get out from between Dean's hands just stayed there letting the Alpha appreciate his adorable future mate. Dean was going to thank Charlie later for doing this for him, but right now he had an apple pie to enjoy with his kitten.
He was woken up by the sound of someone opening his door, it has gone dark around them so maybe they have stopped to put camp somewhere. Squinting his eyes, he stared at who opened the door. It was Benny grinning at him "Come on, let's get you to real bed eh?"
Water swirls around the area the drop fell and it shines lighting the dark cave around them. Suddenly, a face appears from the water, his hair messy black, eyes blue as the water around him. The moose jumps and thumps his hooves on the ground chortling. The figure giggles and swims forward hugging the moose around his neck. "Sam.." the voice whispers in a hiss like sound.
Even if the statement is complementing, Cas tenses. He knew Dean has caught up with his gesture, breathing slowly he said "I actually don't know. They died in a car crash when I was 14."
Cas blows a wind of air urging them towards the mountain. Before he leaps forward, opening his arms wide letting the rain flow form them enchanting the place in a beautiful spell. When he is near the mountain, he feels the grass not spread through, like it does everytime.
Cas rolls his eyes at the humor of the people in this mansion. He tells Benny to wait as he goes back in his room to fix his hair and dress, applying a little to no makeup. And hooks his arms with Benny's starting their walk to wherever Dean is.
"Honey, don't you think we have enough bees and cat things in the basket?"
was getting wet seeing all the books.
He felt cold as the wind blows past him, even his nipples were reacting to the chilly weather. The loud music was buzzing through the walls, as they walked towards the entrance. Sam nodded at the bouncer letting them pass through, he could feel the bouncer's eyes at the back of his head as the young Alpha led him inside.
Cas feels big arms wrap around him, as Benny hugs him back soaking in the comforting scent of an omega. Cas pats Benny's back reassuringly saying soothing words. When they pull away, Cas beams up at the Irish Alpha in a consoling way, eyes forming happy creases which makes Benny lops turn upwards giving a smile back.
Sam nodded, that was ethical after all hustle created because of Cas's arrival in the compound. "Can I know what is the file about?"
Cas's mouth tasted like the chocolate ice-cream, Apple pie, and everything Dean liked. His omega groaned bucking himself up to Alpha's girth. Parting for breath Dean came into his sense, he forced Cas away though his omega wanted to stay close and his kitten looked so beautiful misshapen beneath him.
He stops causing his brother to stop mid-way talking. Cas looks around but finds no one, his heartbeat quickens terrified.
"I think I found the culprit. Stay quiet, we have to check that she doesn't have possible transmitter or bombs on her.' He passes the laptop to Bobby and Sam gesturing back.
You can say finally I 'snapped'. I'm tired of Dean not considering my feelings, always sliding me to the side. So yesterday I saw this woman dance on TV, I realized I need to have fun too. Meet new people, have a boyfriend and for some time forget I am angel bunking with two supernatural hunters. So I am doing this with the help of Sam and Todo. BTW, Todo is the snake, it took a lot to get him agreed to perform with me, he's very shy in front of a lot of people.
He says dejectedly "Same as me then, I had no choice, I would've never come to Kansas..." His breath stutters fighting back the tears as chills run down his body even if he is wearing a coat.
Anna passed the phone to Benny, the Alpha commented grouchily "Is this necessary? What can even be in this thing?"
*****************************
A cough from Benny cut him off, interrupting "Actually, we are leavin' after the breakfast. There's a party offshore you have to attend, Dean's already left."
With an intake of breath, Dean snatches off the glasses from his eyes forgetting how to breath,Â  he leans on the glass of the vehiclelike he was going to punch the door down and get out, he shouts growling "STOP THE DAMN CAR." Not one time his eyes waver from the angelic face.
He snorts when Dean frowns at him. Actually, he does like green because of how the color can make everything livelier for him, in summers he used to visit the countryside with his family and the viridescent look was always breathtaking.
"Ha ha" He corners Cas between his arms looking at the beautiful face, says leaning in "I will see how funny you will find it when I blow your mind out."
A floral mini dress is laid out on the bed, it has short puffed-up sleeves with an a-line skirt and square neckline. He has decided to stay out of the heel section and is going with white and beige wedges, for cold his all-time favorite and faith booster trenchcoat.
A woman came in, she had dark hair and a sweet face wearing light coloured clothes. "Con-ort." She bowed as Cas realised she was deaf, good for him that he has learned sign language from when he helped around the medical cottages.
He looks left to right, at one side there is hallway and at other stairs. He puts on the high slippers, and starts trudging towards the stairs with the help of wall. He gulps the lump in his throat as he climbs down the stairs slowly keeping an eye out for anyone.
Cas felt his slick wetting his hole. He should die, how can he feel aroused by a Barbarian King who kidnapped him.
"Well not my problem that I have a life and you don't." Dean bites back shrugging miss8ng his brothers glare and sits back down looking at the redhead. "Now start talking you two faced Demon"
He looks around the field, there are cows eating grass, birds in trees and it is the most beautiful creation of his father. But Cas shakes his head, helping Dean is his first priority. He doesn't want to lose him, even though he is an angel he's never seen someone like Dean. That's the reason that he fell for the righteous man,
The Alpha licked his lips before grinning, his canines gleaming under the light of candelabra as he came close with powerful strides.
Dean looks down at Castiel and says in a direct tone "It wasn't an offer, It was an order."
He looked at Dean, seeing an impending venomous look in the green eyes, jaw tightened as the man looked down at him nodding. He expected it, Dean is a goner for obedience and Cas was testing the waters. Sadly, he didn't anticipate Dean's next move, the Alpha surged forward rapping his big hand over his throat, pushed him at the mirror.
He smirked moving towards the door. He said "You will too when you find the right person Sammy." He can hear Sam huff as the reply came "Don't call me Sammy." Dean looked back at his brother and snorted.
"Seriously Cassie, you gotta stop masturbating to bees."
"Mm-hmm" Cas narrows his eyes at Dean and raises his chin slightly "Dean, I'm serious. You want me to accept a year-long declaration, I have the right to know what's waiting for me. Don't I?"
Cas splashed water on his face, choking on his cries. Dean was forcing him to marry, how can he do that? He leans his back on the bathroom wall and slides down gasping for breath. Since he was 12 and hit his first heat, he knew his marriage was not in his hands. So he accepted that, whomever his brother chose for him can't be bad since Luci cared for him so much.
When they part, a shot rings out and Dean feels something warm and wet splash in his face. A sharp pain invades through his chest knocking him down with a force. He feels himself falling backwards, the dead weight of his father in his arms, he stumbles and falls, his body starting to shut down. He feels oxygen losing his lungs as he struggles
"Wow, Cas. Still no filter." Dean snorted shaking his head, before looking at him with a sense of adoration. The blue eyed omega bit his lips trying so hard not to give in to Dean but it was hard. "Don't worry, your brother will not be able to kill me."
." It was like the man was trying to make himself believe the words more than Cas.
"My baby has a mother." Cas accuses, offended by the blond women.
The expression on the girl's face conjures in understanding as she nods "Well, I'm sure you will be a great parent. And with your looks, you are killing it."
Cas takes a bite from the burger greedily he hasn't eaten anything since lunch. Maybe his awful manners will disgust Dean, but the Alpha is too far gone and stares at him happily.
The angel grumbled and darted towards the closet "Atleast he could've taken his shoes."
Cas swallowed hardly before nodding his head. He didn't want to cause any trouble, he didn't like conflict. So he would probably not initiate it too. All he came here for to see his Alpha, watch Dean react when the man saw him in this skimpy dress.
***********************
***********************************************
After coming his thoughts are only on one person, he blinks and there he is behind Dean, watching the man sweep up dried leaves. Again there is ache, but now he understands it better than ever.
His body starts doing funny things when Dean growls at his ear "I'm gonna fuck you so hard that they will hear you in Boston."
In the last chapter, while I was writing it, I forgot that Cas has zero idea about protection but what's done is done. So, enjoy this chapter ðŸ˜Š
His husbands shrinks, until he is humanoid size. Dean stands over the same boulder as Cas, grinning. He raises his arms towards Cas walking forward inviting him in, Cas smiles and runs into Dean's arms, hands flying to his lover's neck, letting out a sob. Dean swings him in a circle, making one of Cas's legs go up in sync as he looks down at Dean's face playing with the hair at the nape of distruction's hair.
He trails off, looking away. He doesn't know what to say maybe he didn't want to die, maybe he didn't want to see his brothers, maybe he didn't want to see trouble making Winchester brothers ruin his family. "It's difficult to explain, why not I check you first before we talk some more?"
In two steps he was in front of Gabe, appalling the messenger of God who stepped back. Snatching the cupcake from Gabriel and gobbled the pink dessert in a bite. Puffing his cheeks like a hamster, chewing on it.
Cas wants to retort or show his anger at Dean's words but somehow he couldn't. He looks up in question when Dean clutches his knee "Cas, I know that there are two sides to everything. So, I ask you to not indulge yourself in petty fights."
He turned around frowning to see shorter Archangel, Gabriel who Winchesters claimed 'dead' was standing there in red shorts and white tank top, eating cherries from the top of a cupcake. Cas eyed the cupcake, he was having a craving for it.
He bit inside of his lip as he stared at himself in the mirror slipping the spaghetti of his halter dress over his neck. The silver sequin dress angled the omega's body beautifully, his skirt was so short that if he bent over his rear would be probably visible to the whole world.
The man has a chiseled jaw now, high cheekbones but soft features and
(See the end of the chapter for
"You have people for everything" He stutters out sneering. He feels angry at his boyfriend for cheating on him, angry that his brother easily trusted when someone said that Cas is fine, he is angry at the Alpha for kidnapping him but the most he is angry at himself.
The woman looks at all of them in a rage "Bible says it-"
Rolling his eyes Balthazar responded "I know the bells are going in Heaven about your promotion. But, no something's really different. Your grace is more softer and warmer even more than.....Michael's."
Instead of guessing, Cas quickly called his brother, jittering with excitement. Just as the phone clicked he exclaimed "You're pregnant?" It came out as more of a statement.
Cas frowned, chewing on some grapes set on the table "What do you mean? Is Luci not going?"
Cas looks at him in disbelief, just two days ago he was in Sicily. How in the heavens name? He's already in America. "What..."
He bites his lip making it red hearing Dean's groan, he feels succeeded because just as that he smirks taking his hand away from the cock. He steps away from Dean, enjoying the confused frown on his face before it morphs into a cruel look as he glares at Cas who keeps eye contact smugly before he turns around, feeling proud of himself.
Dean bops at Cas's sexy hipbones that did wonders on the stage as he adds the third finger. He nips inside the angel's inner thigh, like making his claim in every part of Castiel's body. After some time Cas all but shouts "Deeeeean Fuck me." Dean snorts this is the first he has ever heard Cas say something else from 'assbutt'.
Cas grimaced as they entered the dining hall "Look at this kitten I found wandering around" His heart was booming when every single person, even the cook and maid turned to him like he is Kim Kardashian.
you stay here then this is something you would have to get used to because Dean will be your Alpha with being our leader and he is...let's say you wouldn't want to know."
Yeah, Raphael was right. Explaining freedom to angels was like teaching poetries to fish, but Cas has given a lot to stop this war, his brothers and sisters have also died, and the Winchesters have given so much. No, it will never happen.
He scoffs when his ex-boyfriends name is there, his hand hovers above the green light but he cuts the call and switch his phone off. Cas hugs his knees to his chest laying his cheek on it, and gazes off to the distance. The sun is going has down and creating a range of bluish colors on the ocean. He starts mumurming tunes of Brooklyn baby, Cas voice is too monotone for an omega, Zach has mentioned it a lot of time and also provoked his singing.
He pushes off of the couch sighing and goes towards his bedroom when hears "Besides you probably haven't packed for us yet?" Cas mouth falls open as he looks back at his boyfriend, glaring holes at his bald head. Didn't he just say I should not stress and take rest? Cas thinks, his skin going red with anger.
Gabe sees the melancholic look on Cas's face making him feel like a jerk. He just wants to protect Cas from getting hurt again by those Winchesters,
Cas blushed at the compliment, eyes wide "Are you hitting on me?"
Worrying his bottom lip, Cas turns over to see Dean sleeping peacefully spooning him. He thinks about snapping out of Dean's embrace but looking at the Alpha now it's impossible. Gulping, the omega peered at his Alpha feeling his heart stutter at the look of calmness at Dean's features. It was like his body had mind of his own, he brought his hands up touching the light eyelashes.
Her hopeful smile came back as she boasted "From that day, Dean adopted me as his baby sister. He has done a lot for all of us, but don't tell him because he will only snarl and loathe himself. Idiot." She shook her head at the Alpha fondly making Cas thoughtfully smile back.
Cas squeezes himself as small as possible, feeling petrified of the lady beside him. The Beta seems to really hate him from the looks she is passing him, does she have some intimate relation with Dean and hates him for that reason.
"If you're gonna keep staring at me then please don't do it in the hallway." Cas's comments snap Dean out of his not kid-friendly dream, the angel turns around his robe flapping. Dean steps inside the room, closing the door as he looks around the room.
"Shhh Angel." Dean whispers and pulls Cas for a long hard kiss. Cas moans in the kiss as the couple exchange saliva and pleasured noises. Dean grasp on Castiel's tie sliding it down and pushes him back on the wall of the closet.
With a last smirk to himself he styled his black locks in its usual unruly way as he exited his room. He climbed the stairs in his 6 inch heels where Sam waited for him at the end of the stairs.
The boy shook his head, "No Cas, it doesn't work like that." He regarded him with a half-smile when Cas tilted his head confused "In this life, it does not matter who you are related with, if your brother is the boss or whatever, it doesn't matter. You have to earn the place."
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas wakes up around 2 am, realizing he is in his bed and there's a comforting presence behind him. He blushes registering the arm wrapped around his waist, his back flushed against the build chest and a warm breath tickling over his shoulder. He shudders arching his neck needly.
Dean snorted "No, he is not." Of course, Cas wouldn't, they were in public and his omega has a very shy demeanor, he would never-
There were soft hand touches when they walked, how Dean was smiling more and was warmer towards him. Even the recruits were shocked at this new change but nobody questioned it. During breakfast, the Alpha pulled seat for him acting like a total gentleman and they also had small talk.
He looks at the couple in disgust "Dude, couldn't you wait until we finish this fucking Vampire." Both of them shrug as Sam holds Gabe, his chin on top of Gabriel's head. Damn, new couples are disgustingly adorable. Dean thinks, will he and Cas will be like this? Always finding ways to be with each other, kissing and cuddling. He shivers when did he become so gooey.
"Tell me, Sam, why did you come back?" He asked hesitantly at the taller Alpha, who raised his eyebrow for more explanation. "Um...Dean told me you studied at Stanford...but after..." He trailed not knowing how to finish the question but it seemed like the boy understood him.
doing in police station and where's your mother, young lady?"
He stared up, his teeth chattering as his vision was covered by Dean's face looking at him lustfully, eyes hovering between powerful blood red and sharp forest green matched with a possessive smirk. The omega clutched the sheets, he was under Dean and he had no idea what was the Alpha going to do to him.
The omega nodded as they passed by a group of guards, Sam waved at them with a smile and the hunters waved back with the same cheer. "So when am I gonna meet others? I mean I have met you, Benny, Crowley, Rowena, and...Jo...which was something." He breathed out.
"Oh no." She shook her head as they came across a big lab-like room, Cas eyes look about to pop out of his socket as he entered the room. Several monitors were lined on the room connected with a big operator, whole room was silver and Cas was sure if he looked closely his face would reflect.
Cas gulps as Gabe starts putting pressure on his stomach, focusing his grace on certain areas. The new archangel gasps when he hears a soft coe. He hears several gasps from Balth and Gabe, which means they also heard the coe.
"With only 5 mins"
"Enough the sappy stuff, I hope you aren't planning to do something like yesterday, kitten." Dean said smugly, smirking when Cas stopped eating.
hunter, within a second he felt a heat press on his back. But the size was too small, so he assumed it would be Max or Alicia.
His voice was low and threatening, he felt in control when both of them stepped back before Charlie mustered up the courage to come forward with a toothy grin as she said "But it
Cas sighed watching the taller man leave, he wasn't fond of being left alone at such a place, the woman behind the counter slipped a glass of whiskey in front of him with a smirk "So you are the omega we've been hearing about."
They reached the dining room, and Benny led Cas inside where Dean, Sam, Jody, Jo and Ellen were sitting. There was space left beside Dean and you know for who. Eventhough he was kidnapped Cas knew his etiquettes and bowed to the Elders.
After it is done the pants and underwear slips down to Cas' knees. Dean backs into the wall, pulls Cas' rear towards his dick. Dean locks both of Cas' hands above his head, pinning the wrists with his one hand and with his other hand he grips on the Cas's hip.
Bursting out of the dressing room, the omega glares at Dean who is not so surprisingly busy on his phone. He throws lingerie at the Alpha, who looks back with a raised eyebrow. Cas stays his ground and spats at the man "See it on yourself." Turning on his heel, he runs out of the shop, picking up his overflowing dress.
The omega smirked as he watched Dean vanish into the darkness. Circling his finger along the lines of his glass, he thought if Dean wanted him si mich then why not play a game. He asked the twins with a mischievousness dancing his eyes "Let's see how good of spies you guys are."
After cleaning up again, he dried himself. Some towels were missing, he giggled thinking about Dean's shocked look at someone booping him. After that, he realized he had no clothes with him. He stepped out from his bathroom to see a shirt and pants on the couch.
The inside blew Cas's mind off, he had visited many clubs because his job has required him to have the other party have a good time. But this place had a different vibe to it, it was styled in mahogany and other dark colors that gave a fun and dangerous kind of feel to it. It was packed with all kinds of people and hybrids grinding into each other, dancing, taking shots and the music was coming from every direction. Cas felt the power beneath his feet as the sound boomed through the ground, tensing him.
It was the golden opportunity when Cas leaped into his arms but contrary to everything Dean didn't want to take it. No matter how hard he was going looking at his disheveled omega, he restrained it. Cas's face has turned to a beautiful shade of crimson, and whenever Dean took a breath in, his mouth watered at the smell of sweet honey, Apple pie on his omega.
Yeah, he was still with the Winchester clan. He sat up with a pout before arching his back to crack his bones, he blushed when he thought what he was doing infront of his in-laws. But none of them looked at him differently though Sam turned away pinkish coughing and Benny had no problem since he was already mated.
******************************************
Cas nodded and got up to step out of the cart but because of not having anything on his stomach, his mind was fuzzy and he slipped on the stairs but Benny was there to catch him, some of the other maids and soldiers also came forward when they saw this.
Castiel gulped, his throat felt dry and his stomach was in knots from hunger. He blinked a lot of times to see the person staring over him in the dim-lit area. He regretted the moment just as his eyes adjusted and he saw Dean. There was relief in the grassy green eyes which did not help Cas's kidnapped condition.
Dean is there, all bare-chested in his sweatpants looking at Cas, he can't see the Alpha face since the sunlight is so close to his face that only his tanned body is on display. His hands rested on the arms of the sofa with a glass of whiskey. Cas looks towards the wall not wanting to see Dean. The Alpha asks him "How are you feeling?" His voice is rough from the lack of sleep.
*************************************************
Petrified Cas starts backing up but Dean still keeps striding towards him. His back hits the car door, as he looks up at Dean whose smirking lightly at him. The man slings his arm on the door just beside Cas's shoulder barricading him, Cas looks in other direction flustered, his hands gripping onto his coat..
They both looked at him with raised eyebrows to which Cas replied with a smirk. He got up from his seat and the twins followed his lead with a matching Chesire grin as they walked past some patrons going upstairs. Cas has to say that the Hunters have excellent skill at blending in.
"Why?"
His father hums in agreement, before saying "However, they are potential buisness partners and deserve our respect even if they are fucking assholes"
siblings. He misses them, he wants to play pranks on Michael with Gabriel, he wants to watch overbearing dramas with his siblings. He is a Neko and omega at that, they are not made to be independent but Cas is rebellious and known for breaking cultural norms. Yet, he enjoys closeness with his siblings, after his parents were gone they are the only ones he has left.
Dean's eyes waver to Cas' back, spine poking his pale back, he knows omegas are supposed to be skinny but Cas needs to eat more. And Dean has no problem feeding his mate, he would be a good Alpha for his omega. He hears the uptake in his omega's breath as Cas starts waking up.
"Don't worry. I won't hurt him." The shaggy-haired Alpha assured, Gordon supported Lucifer and they took the couple away to the physicians.
The child said "Why are you scared? You are two archangels and a demon."
Lucifer growled under his breath, his Alpha trying to control himself. This was his brother but the disobedience of an omega shouting at him was getting on him as he hissed "
Dean felt like choking back on his whiskey, as his baby brother grinned at him suggestively. The Alpha felt blood rise on his cheek making Sam go into full-blown laughter "You did. Didn't you?"
"Are they going to get married, mama?"
"So, where's the Devil?" He asked smirking at his brother, Cas knows he is rolling his eyes beneath the glasses.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Amen."
Dean was with him, in his bed. Laying just inches away, with arms folded under his head, all bare-chested without a shirt on. Cas resists the temptation to ogle at the handsome Alpha but it's so hard.
I bite my lips, my hips moving round and round feeling the goosebumps from where the snake left its scaly sensation. I look towards the crowd most of them open-mouthed, but my eyes focus upon the person sitting at the left end of the table. Dean's eyes are blown, I want to laugh at his open jaw look.
Cas breaths in, takes a big gulp of air closing his eyes. He sprangs up running for the door, as the fast as he can taking the chance. But Dean is faster than him, catches him with an inhuman speed and strength. This time Dean holds him by his waist, pinning him at the nearest column of wall.
"Ah-ahhh-argh." Cas' mouth falls in an O when Dean enters. He breaths heavily as Dean's pulsing cock pumps in him. Dean was big and he liked it so much. He pants, and holds his own hands for grip. "I-It hurts...a little." He says biting his dryed red lips.
He cries more as the demon pats his head, "I'm not going to say It's going to be fine because it's not, the guy you gave everything up for just doesn't see it. It hurts, it's...painful and cruel....but we can get pass it right?"
"Cas..." The omega couldn't help but lean back to Dean feeling the Green eyed Alpha's breath on his now blushing body. "I am not much for chick-flick moments but I want you to know, I will love you with my whole heart and take care of you better than anyone
Cas pulls back and goes around Dean to change while Dean looks at Cas confused ignoring the horny comment "Cas what are you talking about man? What do you want?" Castiel just ignores him and picks up his clothes as he goes behind a dressing screen. Dean questions how old is this place before he comes back to the matter on hand.
The new mother tilted his head, but he is pregnant the proof is right in front of the girl then he realised he probably shouldn't have said that since to the girl whose father's body he has possessed.
Cas takes help from the walls, it's hard to see the path through dim lights. He is so close to his escape, he sees an open field infront of him. He looks back to see if he got any followers and darts from his place in an inhuman speed.
Sorry guys that I took such a long time but the thing is I was-am having a writer's block and I am also in my last year so I need focus on my studies. i'm grateful for all the comments and support everyone gave me. But, might take break again like I said I need to focus on school. So...Enjoy!!*quickly hides behind the wall*
"Dean, he's an angel. What's the worst that could happen?"
The omega kept his head turned away, biting inside of his cheek, feeling dreaded at the very moment. He heard a chuckle from above him but did not look, but then he felt Dean's mouth on his shoulder. Licking at it with a rumble "So tasty"
Dean's goofy smile imprinted on Cas's raven hair as the man chuckled "Its seems like you want to get rid of me, angel." The omega stuttered "N-no, it's not like that."
"Don't worry about that,
Dean quickly does the work of rolling up a Condom on his dick and cutting it with a good amount of lube. "Cas, you are comfortable right?" Dean asks to Cas to which the angel smiles and nods.
"FINALLY YOU CAME OUT OF THE CLOSET!!!!"
"Just a few...minutes..angel..every-thing will be fine." Dean grunts out pushing in bit bully bit. He grips Cas' waist hard enough to bruise. He starts going in and out of the pucker hole, he breaths heavily "Cas...you're so-so.....tight."
"Wait, what's going on?"Now entirely shocked and bewildered by the boy's word Cas said over the cries of the two childish adults next to him.
They were at the hotel by the evening, Cas has mostly slept through the flight. Sam had come to pick them up, he has told that they will meet Dean straight at the party and dropped Cas off at the hotel.
Cas thought he was going to be raped. He glared up at the man puffing his cheek but the blonde Alpha just looked at him goofily.
Balthazar snorts and comes forward "What do you know about sin? Every day hundreds of children get harrassed, girls get mobbed or cat-called and nobody takes a step. Is that not sin?"
************************
"How do you know? They could be hurt right now? Or worse some creature has them chained in a cave." Cas shouted, his anxiety thriving with words.
Till next time my unicorns.ðŸ¥°ðŸ¦„
The reaction was new to him and he wasn't sure how to feel about the sudden possessiveness over Dean. But hadn't Dean dismissed her? What if he hadn't? What if the mobster had wanted her liked he wanted him?
choice and realizing this I am going to do just that, I will not stoop to that level again. I don't care if people like my story, I don't care if people hate it or anything for that matter, I will write this fanfic for my love for it, not anyone else's. So, Deal with it, my book, my rules.
Cas hissed with fire raging in his eyes "I'm
"I don't understand, Is this really necessary? Why can't I ride on my own horse?" Cas said crossing his arms over hisÂ chest with a pout before he gripped on to Dean's shoulder again when Baby hicked throwing her body forward giving him a close encounter with falling.
Cas smiled nodding as they both headed down to save their family.
Dean turns to look at Benny, thinking his best friend might help him. But the man starts walking towards the head of the plane, saying over his shoulder smugly."Your on your own Brotha."
**************************
Adam asks, he still can't believe he was lying to an officer forging as a FBI agent. Guess he's in the family business now too, the guy snaps with an ice pack still on his face.
"CAS!!!" His eyes blew out of his socket when he saw Benny and Jo standing just a little away from him with matching shocked faces. Oh God, maybe he shouldn't have brashed himself too much. "What are you doing, mate?" Benny shouted as both of them started towards him. No, Cas was not getting caught again.
Cas clinches his feet, he feels deep anguish and hurt as he says upset "Don't you remember? We were supposed to go there together! You left me all alone on my fucking birthday?"
The ride back home is silent with 'Solitude' playing in the background and Dean driving with more caution. The soothing music coming from the stereo laced with Dean's comforting scent and trimming of fingers is making his mind hazy, more sleepy but he doesn't want to hoisted by Dean again after the incident on the top of the hood, so he tries to control his body to not shut down.
He gave Benny instructions while Dean talked with the pilot "Just go to my office in Bullfire, ask for Anna she could give you the files." He thought over before saying "Actually just bring the flash drive."
Cas looks at the man with a confused look, trying to form words. It's sweet that Dean won't care about his smell but was it really necessary to give cow dung as an example. He sighs and says good-naturedly "Dean, that was amazing what you said but I would actually
"Anna. Y-you?" Words were like stuck in his throat as he stared at his long distance cousin, last time he heard she was dead. He remembers mourning for his cousin sister, crying on her grave she was one of her favorite but till now she was alive.
The brunette gasped with a pleased surprise, "Ready meaning.... you made it?" It was very new to him that not only an omega was a part of the mafia but she was like the most important puzzle to the Hunters. There were still many people against omega's working, there minds were fixated that they can be nothing more than housewives, Cas has gone through it, all the bullying, sexual assaults and it was horrifying to even look back at those memories.
Dean had to ground himself from snatching the ice cream from his friend's hand and stuffing it in his mouth.
"You have me scared there, sweetheart." The Alpha cooed and Cas hated the things it did to him, it was like his body was reacting without his mind. With a huff, he snatched his hand away distancing himself from Dean, backing to the tent walls.
The man looks up at him as he stands up to shake his hands. Cas knows the man is assessing him, "Goodmorning Mr.Novak, Please have seat."
With a deep breath, Sam stuffed his hands inside his trousers and replied "Truth to be told, I actually never wanted this...life. When I was leaving, our Dad, John Winchester was pissed at me...there were loud curses before Dean came between us to stop the raging fight."
Cas breaths through his nostrils as he shouts "Listen to me, I'm not some bag of potatoes that you can transfer anywhere without my permission." Cas takes a deep breath in annoyance at Dean's calm expression.
He got back to his work, reading through the file. One of the local restaurants was getting sold to them, the owner didn't want to leave it to his son, who was a drug addict and two times prisoned pedophile. Even the thought of it made Dean want to find this guy and put bullets in his skull.
Cas snickers, because he recalls how the gigantic Alpha was chewing on the salad this morning. But then a pang of sadness runs through him when he remembers about
Nodding Sam goes back to his magazine looking for another good hair product and volumes up to not hear another one of orgasm noises.
Licking his dry pink lips, he lays down in the bed naked. He stares at blue vibrator in his hand with a big head. Closes his eyes as he lubes his hole, preparing it before he slides in the object. Travelking the vibrator down his body he sets the thing around his hole, his breath hitches when he enters the pleasuring object slowly. The head is big for his tight hole, stopping for a while he just stares up at the ceiling getting familiar with the artificial dick. He knows its cheating but he can't help himself but think about his fantasy guy, someone with blonde hair, ripped muscled body pumping their cock inside him like an Alpha. Someone taking care of him like he is important to them, being even a little possessive over him.
Arranging his robes, Cas stood up walking towards the jug of sugar water on a table. He replied "It doesn't matter. Lord Balthazar will be in our lands before we know it and I have to get ready. So you can go, brother."
"You found him then eh?" Balthazar asked with a slight gesture towards Cas "How is he, Are you happy Dean?"
"Nah, I don't think so. I have just got you back, I'm not getting you out of my reach for even a second, Cas."
Every guard around the area was content seeing the Alpha pair on the front, for a strong pack and Kingdom. A strong Alpha and mate were the most important parts, they also saw change in Dean who was very angry Alpha most of the times. Now, the man was letting out his cheerful side more because of the Queen getting back in his life.
He looks up to see Dean smiling dopily at him "Hi, Morning Cas." Cas tries to smile back but only manages a grimace, as he says "M-mornin', umm could you....get out-I Mean get off me?" He flushes violently at his shake of words and feels embarrassed knowing the Alpha is obviously smirking at him.
Cas hissed sniffling "My brother will kill you, I promise."
Cas shrugged, happy to see his garrison still cared for him "Well he just threw me far and when the vessel's soul was gone, it may have triggered with the Angel radios."
His eyebrows reached up to his hairline as he mumbled meekly "Hello, my name is Castiel." He was so scared, these people probably have a record of deaths on them and he was about to have dinner with them.
His toes curled when Dean whispered on his neck "I'm gonna fuck you so hard, that you will only remember my name for weeks before I fuck you again."
Cas rolls his eyes in frustration, as he shouts at the man "I don't even know you. How am I supposed to love you?"
"Mmmmn." Cas can't find words, it hurts but it also has a mix of pleasure. Then a lot of pleasure envelopes him when Dean's cock reaches his sweet spot. "Oh my..Deeean." His breath tightens coming out in puffs, if Dean's hand were not on his waist, he might have fallen by now.
Castiel. Would you please come out now?" Dean asked with exaggerated amount of his childish antics that Cas has seen in 2 days.
horse he should've picked some other one.
with your brother."
Cas came back and quickly laid on the bed, he didn't even realize it was Dean's bed. He snuggled to the pillow and let the tears fall, he feels so broken, it is like he lost his wings again. Stupid human emotions!!! He feels tired, lost, hurt, it's too much for him. He snuggles more in the pillow and falls asleep.
Dean looks back towards the bar and sees the angel is gone, no sight of the douche vamp too.
He looks outside the window as others also climb inside the car. When everyone's buckled in, they start the drive. As the scenery pass, Cas starts recognizing the monuments and that they are in New York.
Dean looks up to the heavens but he knows on one can help me and honestly he doesn't want someone to help him. But its Cas, he is just too cute and innocent to be corrupted. But Damn it's too uncontrollable for Dean, he wants this. He breaths out and groans.
He looked towards Bobby who opened his case and gave the files. He walked towards the man like a lion eyeing his prey and slipped the file infront of the man tapping it "Have a look"
With a spring on his actions, Cas teleports at the Illinois police station. The other startled angels and... demon follow him with Gabe screaming "Cas, you can't run away like that and especially without shoes."
Dean chuckles with his father before John turns serious again. His father puts his hand on his shoulder "Have you thought about what I asked?" Dean sighs and looks at the direction of ocean before his eyes train back to John, his father look at him already knowing what's on his mind "You need to stop playing around Dean and start learning. One day all of this......will be yours..." Dean nods and smiles at his dad nodding. John moves forward and embraces his son proudly.
Sam chuckled watching his brother's future mate playing with Riot "Wow, he seems taken to you. Half the time, he only sniffs people and moves on."
me from an alley, Winchester."
Cas doesn't show his irritation at the reply he gets, Sam piles some bacon on Cas' plate with scrambled egg, crossaints and other exotic fruits. Cas doesn't touch the mouthwatering dishes, he just looks at the little brother and asks "Where am I?"
"I do own this place," Dean remarked with a neutral look and arched brow.
"Lucifer! Michael!" Gabe screamed behind horrified trying to get away from the Alpha holding him but the hold was too tight for him to get away.
He scowled pouting when he saw Dean's wolfish smile. Sam looking away pressing his lips together to not smile, Benny hid his own smirk turned away from the omega and Jo was holding in a snigger behind her hand. Cas felt so dumb, why did he chose
*********************
"Its...good" Yup, that is a safe zone. During this Riot who had been waiting for his next beef jerky got frustrated of Cas stopping and started barking for the omega's attention, yapping his jaw in a feeding motion.
The officer's face morphs into confusion then anger, he goes to grab Claire from him forcefully. But Cas is faster he throws the man to the wall picking up Claire he asks the blone girl worried "Are you okay?"
He looked over and sees the broken glass beside the chair "I will get someone to clean that."
He knows criticizing the angel, wouldn't fix anything but he is angry, his brother is in hell bunking with two major dick archangels and he can't do anything. And for this, there's no one to blame but God, another deadbeat Dad.
"D-Dean. Let me go, you are not doing this right." He cried out when he felt his bones break a little from Dean's strength.
She started rambling and walking with an unnatural pace, probably unknown to the fact that Cas was literally close to planting his face on the floor with Riot running behind them barking cheerfully. He asked trying keep up with her "Are you also a...recruit?"
It was not like Cas is one to say anything, his voice was a deep tone that was despised by many. Naomi, their cousin one time even dared to suggest to Lucifer about cutting his voice since it was such a disgrace. Cas was so scared that day, but it was pleasing to watch as his older brother kicked the lady out of the castle and forbidden her from ever entering.
Dean calls out for a maid to change Castiel's clothes. He takes his own clothes from the cupboard and leaves the room instructing the maid to clean up and remove the previous items present there.
"Oh, I don't know. I kind of like this..." Dean leans down in his space, as his knee probes at Cas's cock invoking a needy moan from him. Cas stutters and redness color his cheeks at the noise he made, he looks at the Dean to see the man looking at him with heated eyes leaning in more, "It seems like you like it too. I'm going to make you beg for it, make you scream. And when you let me in Cas, I am going to fuck you so hard that you won't be able to walk for days on end. The only thing you will remember is the feel of my cock buried
Cas was just a few feet away from him, his tongue doing wonders licking the cream. The pink muscle was swirling around the chocolate dessert giggling at something Sam said. Dean was holding a butt load of jealousy watching his brother make his omega smile like that, no in fact Cas was getting along with everyone but him.
Cas nodded, grimacing. "Um, I need to change." He said gesturing towards his clothes, he smiled lightly when the woman turned red and scratched back of her neck stepping back.
rapey but still likes to say he is
Dean couldn't describe the feeling when Cas beamed at him, eyes lidded but bright enough and the aroma around the room was soothing his Demon wolf. In a flash, Cas arched his back as fluffy kitten ears, claws and tail started sprouted from his body.
Jesse's eyes grow as a saucer before she starts blushing "Oh."
But before the joys of seeing her daughter back again could envelope her, she cried out when her bones broke. Cas looked up to see a tall black man creeping towards them with a smirk "Castiel. So the rumors are true that the Righteous Man has...what is word?....ah, Knocked up the little angel."
Sipping the whiskey he looked at Cas. The meds have worked fast, Neko has gone to sleep early. The rise and fall of his chest indicated he was comfortable. Smacking his lips the omega turned to the other side revealing his face to Dean. The innocent, selfless glow in Cas's face always infatuated the Alpha, because of his sleepy moments the shirt was riding up giving Dean a good look of his butt.
He stops when he hears a 'pew' and a beam of light. He freezes in anxiety and agitation as his eyes settle on to Dean, Sam and a mob of men and women all dressed in black around a dead body lying on the ground, knees bend and body slumped backwards.
Standing up from his bed he pulled his blue cardigan over his nightdress-covered body. He again thought about staying in the room but his stomach protested,
"Um...Joanna can you leave, I need to talk with my brother?" Gabriel asked the girl who looked reluctant to leave the future Queen of her kingdom but a smile and nod from Cas were enough for her.
"This is what I was taking about." Dean screamed at his brother who pouted kicking the non existent dirt beneath his feet. He really believed that Cas wasn't gonna leave them again, he has been a parent to him like Dean was since he was born and lost Mary, their mother.
On the plane, Cas listened to Dean's playlist which was full of songs he loved. Without realizing he started humming and singing to the tune of 'Heat of the movement', everybody turned to him with equal looks of amusement.
And yeah, I removed the attendant blowjob scene because my god that was too horny and gave us literally no information whatsoever.
The omega set his mind and slipped off the chair, trying towards the VIP room around the boning bodies. He saw Benny standing outside the door, when he came under the man's gaze the burly Alpha looked him up and down with a wide eye. The man drawled closing his eyes "Chief is gonna smash both mine and Sam's head for this."
The Alpha laughed, "Oh he does and he was about to kill those bastards" Cas shuddered at how easily the words of killing left this puppy-eyed Alpha's mouth. "But he couldn't do much since he was on bed rest."
"I never left, you were the ones who gave up on me...never cared enough" She replied with no emotion that he forgot this was his sister.
Cas puts packs of formula in the basket, that is when a woman with a baby comes around the corner towards them. She looks at them with a frown, regarding their basket, the angels choose ignore her.
In the photos, Dean saw their blank eyes with no pupils and lifeless. He ordered his team to burn the whole place with the distributors responsible for all this but sadly the leader and some of his mates escaped.
When I wrote another one of my fanfic I was not decided on anything, my main goal was about Cas finding out about his life but then as I just started writing more I realised that I also want a character development for Dean.
*************************
He feels coldness on his bump, meaning he is being sat over the car's hood. He can hear more noises but can't decipher them. He puts his hand on the car hood, they are itching to remove the fold but he stops.
He thought equal parts thrilled and terrified.
When he is on board, Dean looks around and his eyes focus on pretty little Castiel. The omega is sitting at the far end of the jet, away from all the rest sulking.
The omega leaped into Dean's arms shocking the man. Cas mewled when Dean's large hands wrapped around his body, he was so far gone in his heat that he felt safe in his captor's arm. He felt home with his Alpha, wrapping his arms around Dean's neck Cas nuzzled into his neck.
How can he marry the Winchester, he has a fiancee. What will happen to Balthazar? He thought over maybe the French accented Alpha would come for him, save him from Dean. His attention was snapped to the door when there was a loud bang "Cas, I know you're in there. Come out."
beautiful, angel." Cas let out a choked moan, his head arching back as he visioned Dean doing such things to him. The forest green eyes took the sight of his writhing omega under the shower.
"I know. " Of course he knows, and truth to be told he hates himself for that too. "But I will take all hate if it means I will have
Dean's blood boils when the guy's hand straight up goes Cas's waist. He feels a hand on his shoulder and was about to snap at the owner. Then he sees Sam looking at him in sympathy though his eyes are defined shining with amusement. "It's alright Dean, that guy's gonna die anyway."
He gulped everything down with water and laid in the chair, his bareback touching the cold metal of the chair. He narrowed his eyes at the man "Why do you want to know?"
Dean turns to him and gives him a confident smirk '"We're meeting an important client. His name's Balthazar."
The little girl gasped and ran towards them attaching to her hips, Amelia turned to him with furrowed eyebrows and Cas grimaced "Strong-willed woman as you said."
(See the end of the chapter for
With a jolt omega turned to the door, where Dean was leaning on it with his wide arms crossed watching him with jaded green eyes, he was in a Black Henley lining his vigorous body and trousers.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Ye-ah." Dean cleans Cas and himself. He helps Cas with his pants and underwear. He turns Cas around and plants his one arm beside Cas' head, other on his waist. He smirks as he says "So tell me angel, will you honour me to become your boyfriend and more in future?"
"Shouldn't he be here, already?" Adam speaks up, confused.
Dean smiled at him as he said "Why you crying? I was just teasing, Cas." The omega opened his mouth dumbfounded,
************************************
. He stands up and holds the man's shoulder for support as the Alpha spins around, his Adam's apple close to Cas' nose. "Sit down omega. I don't want you to faint again."
On the other side of the curtains, Dean locks the traitor of a women between his arms, she turns around looking far from scared if the hungry look is anything to go by. And Dean Winchester hates 2 faced people more than anything.
The woman is really pretty and Cas prays that she will keep Dean Winchester happy because the righteous man deserves it. With hands inside his pocket and one last look at Dean's smiling face, Cas turns around going his own way.
Dean couldn't take his eyes off the tongue darting out Cas's mouth licking around the cone in a practiced manner "I was just telling my friend that you're a marvelous, gentleman."
"But if you're there, then we both will be tense about each other's safety. And someone needs to be here for Mich and Luci." He finished searching for his brother's approval. Gabriel nodded helplessly just before Joanna entered nodding at them.
Sending him a casual smile, Benny closes the gate and moves to sit on the horse connected to the cart. Cas waves at Gabriel who is standing outside with some of the people whom Dean had spared and didn't butcher their body parts.
His heart broke at the sad look on Cas's face. "Want Alpha...my Alpha...Dean....." The omega whined.
He felt silence around him, a little too much silent in his opinion since they were in the presence of the Trio. He turned his attention towards Benny, Sam and Jo who looked like children that have witnessed their parents fight. It made guilt trip in him, they were already accepting him as their pack mother, the Alpha pair which he was
like his own."
Just as he rounds a corner, the headlight of car infront of him switches on, the light blinding Cas. He walks backward but his back collides with a chest. He looks back and sees a man with Irish looks smiling at him, Cas can smell he is an Alpha, he feels alert at the tinge of blood invading from him. The upturn of lips is not malicious but its totally does not scream 'I'm the good guy.'
Castiel enters the office room, a tall man is sitting at the desk, his hair is grey like his long beard, there's an air of pride and discipline around him, an Alpha. Cas knocks before entering "Mr.Grace, I'm Castiel Novak. Sales director in Bullfire Co." he says extending his hand.
When they landed, his hands were clasped with Dean's as the Alpha helped him down the stairs. Cas isn't going to lie he kind of liked being pampered like this.
Cas snickered snapping his mouth shut, he has heard this so many times that now he remembers each word, expression and keeps mimicking whenever Gabriel brings it up. "I'm sorry but like I already said, I have no problem with my future husband. Balthazar is a nice person" He shrugged at the end.
Gulping, Cas thought over. Will Dean even let him go anywhere without a permanent need of monitoring? "I don't know. Work...is hectic here and I'm settling in so it might be difficult."
He winces and shivers at the cold feets he's getting. His hair is still damp, Cas is probably sure he is gonna get sick after this but anything to get saved. He strolls through the halls, looking at every direction but also alert for any of Dean's guards, just then he sees a door.
Dean looks at Cas one last time before his omega is being ushered towards the jet by his baby brother and Benny. He turns to Jo, wanting to snap her neck for touching Cas. He knew she has some dislike towards his future mate like Bobby but he never thought she was going to go this far.
Cas blinked to get the blurriness off his eyes, last night he didn't sleep at all. Too scared of what will the man do if he closed his mind for even a second, but all the fight left him around past mid night. He might have gotten 2-4 hrs of sleep, barely. But the Alpha slept like a bear, snoring loudly cuddle to the omega's behind.
The Alpha does not seem angry, he shrugs and drinks a big gulp from the glass. Settling near the fireplace where the fire is still crackling, warming the room. The warm light is eliminating on the Alpha's face, perfecting his features more. He is dressed in all black, feet probed on the hunch beside the fireplace.
*******************************************************************
"La fontaine Ã©tait plus proche"
She turned to him "Hello, Cousin."
Cas eyes twitch as he scoffs at the idiotic Alpha in front of him "I
"Seems like Dean is not constipated anymore."
"And a lot more chance of getting
Now, he was somewhat calm. He registered the air around the camp, everything smelt like Dean, the Alpha had an earthy scent to him, mixed with woods and apples. Everybody used to tell Cas how his own scent was something like honey, lavender, and everything pure.
Dean got in the SUV, sliding in the backseat. He can't wait to get home and drive his baby, the roar of the Impala, the pulsing in his heart to take long drives, and the smoothness of the road. He growls when his phone buzzes, taking it out he sees it's from 'Lisa' his girlfriend, its a video of her in a red lingerie.
"Oh, I'm Charlie Bradbury," She said with a grin.
Shrugging Sam put down the files but separated two of them, holding them to his brother "This is for tonight's party, Bobby wants you to look at them.....and he was saying about bringing Jo along at the club"
He looks at the shower head and huffs a laugh when the water fall on his eyes. Throughout his life everyone said he has no sense of personal space, they should've met Dean. The awfully handsome Alpha trying to win his heart, even his past boyfriends weren't this gifting.
Jo watched the trio downstairs from the top floor leaning on the balcony railing, the deal was going great between Dean and Arthur Ketch. She was a little scared when Cas came in and the Alpha jumped off his seat for the omega taking him outside. But sometime later he came back sporting a big smirk and radiating off his dominance, she doesn't need to guess that their little talk had been great, you know it the big view of the balcony.
." Mr.Grace fixes his stare at him with a raised eyebrow.
have no idea what went down on your own office, how the hell you're gonna handle the whole town?" The tall man stops breathing heavily while the officers stares astonished that someone talked to him like that.
"Hold tight, kitten." The omega falls back on the seat, as Dean accelerates. Cas sees his life pass before his eyes when Dean skiis the Impala around the corner laughing. The man is certainly going to be the death of him.
When he opens his laptop, he gets the heart attack of a century making him flinch back, a woman pops up on the screen smiling giddily at probably him. Her red hair is short with youthfulness dancing in her eyes, although she looks about his age.
They both turned to each other. Sam nods dejectedly and they both start walking towards him though they can't see him. Both half brothers walk past him and Cas is left there looking at the window in front of him sadly.
When she sees him, a ridiculously big grin inched into her face "Heya, Cas. Want some?" She asked shaking the box of cereal at him. He nodded and poured the little cookies on his bowl, he beamed at Benny who poured milk for him.
Lucifer's glares deepen as he says threateningly "No one dicks with my brother but me." He clicks his fingers but nothing happens. Everybody looks at him shocked but Cas is more shocked than any of them. He doesn't understand how with his falling grace, he survived an attack from Archangel because even if he had his full power, he couldn't survive it.
Alistair growls and spits "Your an idiot Dean Winchester. You don't know the value they hold, your just a kid whose father left him his entire empire thinking he can handle it."
"I will send someone to get your meal here." The Alpha directed standing up.
He tries not to shrink from the glare in her eyes, as she screams at him "Why did you save me, yesterday? When
He pulls his fingers back. "Be patient angle." He let's out a breathy chuckle at Cas' irritated sound. He spits on his hand and covers his cock with it, the already sputtering precum is also helping. "I'm going in Cas."
He said his eyebrows scrunched up "My name is Samuel James Winchester, not
Dean exhales and takes out 20 from his wallet and shows it to the mascot. The guard nods and lets him in.
But the damage has already been done and they need to find more about the drug, from what the sources conclude the was brought in market without any possible research and the Alpha will make the supplier pay for that by breaking each of the asshole's bones.
Thank you!!! Share your thoughts down in the comment section on chapters. â¤â¤â¤
With a shake of his head, Cas smiled "I actually prefer animals." Getting his feet off the chair, he patted his lap "Here, boy." The Australian Shepherd happily leaped at him nuzzling his neck, "Who's a good boy? You are, yes you are." The omega snuggled to his adorable partner.
Dean attention is broken by his phone beeping.
"I like blue," The man says with an air of smugness, yeah no shit Cas thinks groaning. He rolls his eyes looking away but turns back when the same question is directed at him.
His blue eyes looked about to pop out of his skull, Dean surely had a lot of faith or it was just over confidence. Cas asks with a tilt of his head "How do you know?"
he groaned falling into his bed. Did he just get Belle'd, he looked at the closet waiting for it to start talking too because what more can happen right now?
"What about the date?" Cas blurted out, thinking about the tattoos on Dean's chest. "On your chest."
"Piss off" Cas crosses his arms over his chest, scowling. He wanted to lash out, but on his mind he had also known that he obviously couldn't win against the woman. And who the hell she thinks she is? If Dean wants him to go, then who is she to argue? Even though he isn't sure where they are going and even if they are, he is not going anywhere with these people.
Cas let out a chuckle as she pecked both his cheeks before sitting him down.
"I hope you liked your breakfast." Cas doesn't give a reply, settling for eating strawberries "You look very beautiful Cas" Dean says softly smiling at him, green eyes fixed only on him and Cas can assure you he didn't feel butterflies tickling his stomach as all the blood rushed to his cheeks , really it was just his belly signalling he's full.
Castiel huffs, and chooses to drink his milkshake. He gives a nod and relaxes with an exhale, Gabriel is infront of him looming with a frown "I thought Balthazar was just bluffing but your grace does seem more brighter than others."
The archangel shook his head, smiling earnestly at the blone girl "I will never, you are
He tightens his hold on Adam's arm wrapped around his neck and with the other hand, he throws the angel blade at one demon while Balthazar smites the other one with his power. "We need to hurry. More will come."
"It's not a story. They were angels."
"Uh oh, the Alpha's coming." Max pointed out as Dean sprinted towards the stairs.
Dean hissed "No, we didn't. I just took care of him." After a moment he watched his brother laugh he smirked "You were little Sammy but mom did teach
Every clients heads looked down in submission clearly implementing who's incharge. "So? What's your decision?" The man breathed heavily, dabbing sweat from his face, his voice quivered "R-Refund and f-five percent interest."
was here with me, and maybe I want to feel that."
Cas held his hand out innocently making Dean look him with a frown before looking down at the hand. "We have to pray before we eat." He quickly said when he saw the creepy grin on Dean's freckled face, whatever the man was thinking it was so not appropriate and Cas can bet a bee on it...actually he won't, Bees are too important.
Both Cas and Claire were on the food just as it was placed, Gabriel said frowning "Claire I can understand but Cassie have some
Sam looks at him in understanding and goes to reply when his eyes move above his head. Cas looks back and sees the man of question walking down the path of the garden looking like a Greek god in black pants with a dark blue shirt accompanied by Black blazer with his hands in his pockets. Cas wants to disagree but the Alpha is so unfairly good-looking.
"Dean, I know you would never hurt me." Cas says honestly his fingers playing with hair on nape of Dean's neck. Dean's heart swells with pride and love.
This are just some pictures to help with your imagination.
"Oh, God."
During their chat, they have reached the garden, guards at every perimeter. Cas sees a car standing outside, but what is the most eye-catching is the guy leaning against it. Dean looks up at them smiling, he is dressed in lumberjack style. He tries to control himself, not blurt out how handsome the Alpha looks.
He smiles at the guard who opens the door for him and shows him the badge "I have an appointment with Mr.Grace." The man nods and gestures for the women in grey suit to take him. After giving him directions, she leaves him at the elevator.
"Gabriel" "Balthazar" "Castiel." Each of them shakes her hand.
The man in question comes back grinning goofily at him, Cas tries to hide his simper by pressing his lips together. Dean jumps to sit beside him, putting the food between them, from the way it's rapped Cas realizes it's homemade.
The mention of his condition makes Cas more angrier than ever, first this man kidnapped him and then he sedated him and then he have all the freaking information about
So always take precautions while going out. I know I sound so....pessimestic maybe or I don't know the exact word, but take care of yourself. There has been lot of times when I felt like someone was following me but I took precautions, there is too much bad than good. That's my thinking.
The omega was speechless, looking into Dean's eyes that held so much truth. Biting his lip Cas turned away laughing "I didn't took for being this cheesy." He mocked elbowing Dean's side lightly though from the bulging muscles on the blonde man's body it would only feel like a low breeze to Dean.
Cas really underestimated Dean Winchester by thinking of him as another Alpha knothead, just as he leapt Dean caught his hand with a cunning smile "You really thought I wouldn't know, Cas. Jo told me everything about your little
"Go on. Do it, I will be happy to leave." Cas snarked back with a smile, in a second he was pulled into Dean's lap with the Alpha's left arm around his waist and right hand still holding on to Cas's wrist.
He stops and looks back at his surrogate father, who is just behind him looking hysteric "What is it Bobby? I know something's nagging you."
They traveled a long distance and Cas tried to fight the sleep overcoming him, he wanted to see every path, every turn they took so he could run away when the time came but because of hunger and exhaustion, it didn't take much for him to slip into a restless nap.
So the updates are going to be late, I'm so sorry for that but don't worry I'm going to finish "Are you lost, Kitten?" It's just going to take a lot of time but I will.
Cas looks at both of his brothers with a speechless look, only gurgles of word coming out of his mouth "Umm...uhhh...let's see...I-I-ummm"
He grins at Dean and replies teasingly "But you don't have to kill the chef, I can give him some lessons."
, Dean really forgot the condom. Cas can't believe it even seeing porn for one time, he understood the need of condom and a full-grown righteous man who saved the world forgot about it.
Cas sighs in relief when none of the bodyguards are behind him. He trudges down the streets, completely lost. He can ask for help from the people but the way they are looking at him with a sneer, it's so disturbing that he tries to find someone else. Humid air blows in his face as he looks around for anyone that can help him.
When the archangel's touch is gone Cas flutters open his eyes to see Gabe biting his lower lip smiling. Cas waits for what is Gabe about to say as the older brother sits beside him and embraces him. Laughing softly Cas goes with it when they part Gabe says with a grin.
Dean nods as he says going back up to kiss the angel "Then it's good, the bastard didn't go far or else-" He is cut off again but this time with a kiss as Cas says "Dean, shut up and pleeeeease make love to me." Dean is not into cheesy stuff but damn, Cas like this is hard to say no too and he's not gonna he is gonna make love to the angel. Deep, hard love.
Dean growls and goes deeper, he leans in to mouth at his Angel's neck. He leans on Cas' ear, breathing on it "Cas...you're mine." He grins like a puppy dog when Cas' starts nodding vigorously "Yo-urs Dean...only yours." Dean's hand slips inside his shirt, fingers playing with the nipples, he rubs and pinches it making Cas arch his back again with a groan, tears spilling from his eyes.
It took the omega no time to fall asleep.
And if he rejected Max then it was an obvious sign that Cas has agreed that he belonged to no one but Dean. She thumbed her hand to the music watching as Cas and twins danced gracefully, laughing now then. Max spun both the omega and his sister in each of his arms. They all had delighted looks on their faces which was good.
He has the urge submit to the Alpha, he can see the man has all the command. This man is insane, Cas knows he has the power to rip him apart, but the omega is not gonna back down. He glares at the man looming over him and shouts "I'm
The omega nodded along "You won't even have to take off my clothes to
"Who doesn't have any idea?"
Disclaimer that I forgot:Mention of Rape and Abuse, also Dean is kind of toxic so it might be not everybody's cup of tea to read this.
"Will do Cassie, Byeee." He hears the beeping sound and sighs throwing his phone beside him. Hugging his knees to his chest, he looks towards the window. The curtains are slide to the side. The sky outside is dark, but the essence of nothing is somewhat comforting.
Cas eyes turn to the Alpha, with a tilt of amusement he stares at Dean as the plane starts moving. He laughs inwardly at the panicked look of Dean, the way the mobster is holding his breath is like he is about to explode. Just as the plane leaps in the air, Cas says teasingly with a smirk "Wow, Great Dean Winchester, Alpha of the Alphas is scared of flying."
do business with our company...your industry deals with trading and most of our branches are located in best trade market places, and since both of the companies also has Transportation business don't you think it will also be beneficial for both company workers?" Castiel asks pleased with his antics. He looks at Mr.Grace who is his assessing the words left by his mouth before looking at him pleased.
love birds."
. Suddenly warm golden wings wrap around him warming him, he looks up to see Gabriel looking at him with a gloomy smile. His voice comes out scratchy "Gabe, I'm a monster. I did this to her, I am a curse to everyone."
"So Cas, where were you hiding this whole time, that it took our Dean-beany 5 years to find you?" Charlie asked deleting some weight over his shoulders with her jovial self.
the omega's breathed hitched as he kept taking steps back feeling his eyes tear up and legs give out before he bumped to the bed and fell on it.
The angel who was hardly pulling the adult baby looks at Cas with startled eyes." I-I-I... Did I say that? I don't think so."
"That's not very hygienic, Balthazar."
He got up swiftly, groaning as he stepped out of the room with his files to meet the dealers. He didn't want to leave his omega and he wished if everything happened in another way, with Cas unknown to his mob life.
Cas wants to drown himself, the guy is his kidnapper but he can't help feeling his knees go weak, and aroused when the Alpha orders him. But still he has to fight, he slaps the man's chest, flails his fist on the hard chest "Screw you.."
Dean pulled him, adjusting him so he was laid bridal style on the Alpha's arm. He looked up through his eyelashes at Dean, the Alpha was handsome but his soul was corrupted and Cas hated filthy people whose motive was to only kill and power.
The tall Alpha sighed as he grumbled "I was in my room, searching something when I remembered Riot had to go potty. We were running around the compound, when Benny decided to join me and
"CASTIEL NOVAK, WHERE IN GOD'S NAME YOU ARE?"
He sees Cas twitch in his sleep, Dean wants to get in bed with Cas and rap him in his embrace, protect him from the nightmares, love his future mate inevitably.
Cas sighed and tried to come up with a better lie or maybe half-truth
The angel frowns at the question as he comes around the bed "Why what?"
He took casual steps in front of Dean keeping his head down obediently, when he was barely inches away from the man standing on his tiptoes, he ran a hand over Dean's blue shirt collar, moving his fingers down unbuttoning the first two buttons. Dean's gaze never wonder away from him.
manners on how to treat an omega. Unlike you."
He growns at the errection forming down his pants when he thinks about his blue eyed angel in it. The pink lips turning red from how many Dean will bite it, the sun kissed skin flushed with sweat and heat blending perfectly with the red of the lingerie, those messy dark locks getting more messier with how many times Dean will grip on it tightly. He groans when the phone buzzes again.
*************************
He turns around to see all the officers holding their guns at him, he shields Claire with his arms. Just then his brothers and Crowley step in. "We will handle this bro, you go."
He saw Dean's eyes turn down, before he can hear another word of sympathy Cas cut him off "Can we avoid this topic? Please, Dean."
The moose huffs and nods. He can't believe it took so much time for his brother to register him. Dean falls on his knees and hugs his brother. Cas beside him smiles happily.
And now, he was going to get...
Gabriel says looking at barely alive people "You guys go, I will take care of them" Dean rolls his eyes and goes ahead when he sees his brother going mushy with Lord's child. He is in shock when he sees Cas chained to the ceiling, as the guy knifes around his body. Then he also captures another guy dressed in all black with black eyes, Demon. Dean curses himself, they knew Cas was an angel.
Dean closed his eyes sighing heavily, he was about to turn around and go back to do his work but both of them blocked his entrance making the green eyed man's jaw tick. But he wasn't about to lash out at the red haired omega, she has already been through too much but he surely can glare at Garth who stepped aside.
"D-De-ean mo-ove your gu-un." Cas stutters and gasps when he feels the "gun" again close to his rim.
He can see the tattoo poking out of the blouse, if she wasn't a renegade, Dean would have got a blow-job. He runs his one hand on her side while with other he takes out his gun from his back point, Abaddon's eyes are closed as Dean cocks his gun swiftly placing it at her chin.
The old lady came around the table and put her warm soft hand on his head as she said "Look, honey. This has been a lot for you and I know everything seems unclear to you. So I am gonna give you a tip that I gave my boy Dean."
The group burst out in a peal of laughter and he stopped pondering his thoughts hearing the cheerful sound around him.
The King bangs his head on the tree, shaking his head up at the sky asking what did the All-Father used to make Castiel. "Just tell me honestly, eww I feel disgusted with myself."
. Were they really this close, that he somehow made the Alpha let his guard down? What were they? Allies? Friends? Enemies? Or...
Balthazar regards him with a smirk and lights his cigarette "The problem is after the election..this whole deal might blow up."
omega." He says gazing over his sleeping beauty. Rowena claps him on his shoulder instructing him to call her before she's out the door.
Dean licks his lips wanting to kiss his omega, but he is not some bad case of Somnophilia. He blinks and lays a peck on top of Cas' head instead, before he steps back. He registers the condition of the place realizing how Cas fucking got out. Freaking bobby pins!!!
Although he can deny all he wants, he is kind of excited about...whatever this is. He hasn't felt like this in years, you can say his relationship with Zacharia wasn't the most affectionate one, he shakes his head to get rid of those substandard thoughts.
That would be... belittling the statement. Has something caught his eye?
"Dean. Focus." Both other passengers say at the same time. Dean snaps his eyes back at them shrugging nonchantly.
Cas glares at Benny keeping an arm between Dean and himself to create a distance while Dean stares at Cas like he just carved the man's heart out "We are
"I quited that day...but it wasn't enough...He was still on me." A calm expression morphed in her face as she smiled "Then Dean was there...he wanted my help on finding some dirt on that asshole. And that bastard was...experimenting on fucking children, that motherfucker was a fucking Cannablist, eating them, raping them and nobody raised a finger."
"Is it true what you said earlier?" Dean looks at him with a frown, waiting for Cas to finish his question. When the omega stays silent he asks
"Ha-ha. Very funny." Michael retorted in fake annoyance, making the omega beam in delight "So? Are you going to come for Inias's wedding?"
Dean looked away, and closed his eyes to not let his anger control his actions. He nodded "Call everyone on the garden."
Cas feels the rock beneath his feet shaking, in mere seconds it leaps upwards as hot raging lava touches its ends. Cas looks at his husband wide eyed shaking in fear. Dean gives him a last look of determination before the slight block of lock turns into an eagle like creature, thousands of size bigger than Cas. Its wings flowing with magma feathers as it let's a high growl, breaking rocks mixed with hot magma.
Dean nods and dives back again for a kiss as he retakes off his jacket throwing it somewhere. He climbs between Cas's legs and pulls back tp nips at the exposed collarbone. Cas moans, feeling warmth in his stomach. Dean massages Cas's hips, his rough hands exploring the smooth skin as his mouth nips at the neck and collarbone.
His head fell back with a whimper when Dean's hand slides down, barely touching his collarbone before hovering over his left nipple, fingers circle it.
"But still...if you keep doing this then you might lose him again." Dean's jaw tightened at his brother's words. No, he doesn't want that. First time was painful enough, how his grip on Cas's hand kept losing and losing until the omega was pulled away from him completely.
*************************
There was a comfortable silence around them as Cas threw chunks of jerky at Riot, the puppy kept jumping and catching it in his mouth. "So, Castiel. How are you liking everything so far?"
He snaps out of his thoughts when his brother asks "What about Zacharia?" Cas sighs and answers honestly "I don't know where he is. He isn't answering his phone."
Vous disiez quelque chose? :  You were saying something?
Travelling such long distance has made everyone tired, so saying their goodbye's everyone started going their own ways leaving the introductions for tomorrow. Cas waited for the anyone to take him to his own room, but it never came instead Dean made him follow him still gripping onto his hand like Cas was going to vanish any moment.
************************
"Gross, Dean." Sam shouted with Jo looking horrified "I think I will be traumatized for my whole life."
Just as he was taking some of them out, one fell out accidentally falling in the floor and other one rolled under the bed. When he leaned down to pick up the paper, he stiffened. Even though the scroll was open a little he can see the title 'Architecture of Angeles.'
His grip on his sword 'The First Sword' tightened as he grinned cruelly at the soldier "So you failed huh? and just came here to tell me you can't find him." He concluded as the Beta sweated underÂ  "
Dean stopped going through the files to glare at Sam, who held out his hands in surrender "Hear me out, Jo has promised she would be at her best near Cas, okay? She knows the commandments and her presence is just as important as ours Dean."
Something caught his eye when sunlight hit it. A light smile graced Dean's lips as he put down the dress, picking up the red quartz, it was his gift to Castiel he had dug the stone from his own hands. It was the only thing of resemblance to them after Cas was ripped away from him by his parents.
This chapter was normal fluff and bonding, I know I am not owning upro the BDSM part of my story. Its because I don't want something to happen without Cas's consent. But next chapter is hella kinky, your going to love it ðŸ˜‰
Cas looked away towards the awe-worthy site of Angeles, yeah he wanted to marry the person he loved but that person was far away from his life and now Cas wasn't even sure if he loved
He perks up when he hears Mich's protest, bickering with Gabe. Then Gabriel starts talking "Don't let this mother-hen ruin your fun bro. Enjoy yourself, being single is awesome. Go do everything you didn't do with Zach's roly-poly weight on yourself."
"No, I am not going anywhere without them." He shouted running towards the stairs connected to the arena near the war room, but Gabe gripped his wrist not letting him go.
"No, it was Winchesters. They brought down the Apocalypse. They saved humanity and in some ways us, Rachael." He can see how him talking so big about Winchesters was grueling for her, but she needed to know the truth.
This bitch is back, sorry for late update. Thank for your lovely comments and baring with me. i hope you enjoy this chapter. Ans below i have given video link to a Castiel edit and it is cute AF.
The archangel tried to swallow the lump in his throat, keeping a straight face. Suddenly the man marched at him with his sword, Cas held his breath when out all people Amelia jumped in front of him taking the hit in her stomach.
"Dean....Sam..is...here..." Cas whispers, he feels sad when the eyes downcast sadly, he feels the temperature boiling around him.
Oh, Cas was so screwed.
The omega bit his lip, the picture was too mindblowing. His pinkish hole clutched around nothing when he thought about Dean's tongue rubbing on his tits teasing them before he nipped at them with his sharp teeth.
Frowning back Cas looks down at himself, checking inside his trenchcoat jacket "I don't see any changes. Maybe it's because I'm an archangel"
Sam nodded modestly before his eyes moved to Cas then Dean with an air of mockness "You guys fucked?"
food will probably be his/her first priority."
He still wasn't able to figure out, what was going through his mind when the woman flirted with Dean. When he watched her offering herself to the Alpha like that, Cas had the deepest impulse to rush over there and throw the woman into the fountain.
The omega didn't want to take anything from the Alpha's hands but his throat was aching for it. So he took the glass, ignoring the pleasant filling when their fingers brushed. The wetness covering around his throat was Heaven to him, he downed the water in one go before putting it back and licking his chapped lips.
Cas knocks before he enters, Claire is sitting on the bed with her back turned to him. The archangel inhales and exhales nervously as he declares his presence "Good morning, Claire."
brother's throne right now."
"Hey, which one?" For a guy who is not envious of the baby, Balthazar surely is bad at showing it. He keeps showing Cas these cute little onesies for the baby, the one he is lifting up has
He looks at his brother, who is red from either the sun or anger, looking at him sharply "Yeah, Mich you were right. But its..not..like..." Cas sighs at the end of his words because really he has no excuses to make.
What he saw enraged him, it seems like Cas didn't learn anything. The raven haired omega was on his horse, beautiful black mare named Impala. The horse was Dean's life and death, it was gifted to him by his father. He wasn't shocked that the omega managed to coax her since Cas was very fond of animals and his scent was attached to Dean's.
wanted." Cas flinched back with the ferocity she turned to him, her eyes blazing with anger.
"Cas?" Dean leaned forward caressing his omega's hand lightly, Sam and Benny looked at each other before nodding and leaving the couple for some privacy.
So now all I want to say to all those people who read my story or write your own. Please,
Gabe sighs, he can't believe their Father Almighty chose Dean as the righteous man. Putting his head in hands, the archangel groans thinking on what to do next? He looks back at Cas and smiles when he sees the new archangel caressing his non existant baby bump lovingly.
"She's alive and she has grown up to be a very strong-willed woman."
Cas slips on the dress singing along and applies some eyeliner and makeup to his face. He doesn't do much, because natural is the look he pulls off like a pro. He applies a light brown lipstick, smacking his lips several times as he gets out of the bathroom.
(See the end of the chapter for
Have you ever thought of the day, someone suddenly scrolled through your phone and realised that you had no life except Destiel?
"So, you're a hacker?" Cas asked tilting his head at the woman who grimaced at his words.
The archangel pouted as his brother dropped shoes in front of him. He doesn't understand the need to change footwear, but still puts on the loafers. The quartet approach the bar to meet the guy, who saw Amelia last.
"You stay here, Castiel. I will go see Lucifer and ask what's all the hustle about?" He nodded watching Michael leave, not thinking something serious was happening he neared the window. His bedroom was on another side so he couldn't see clearly.
"A real man makes his own luck."
https://archiveofourown.org/works/30458823
Shaking his head he reaches down and picks up Cas bridal style walking back towards omega's room with an only towel covering up his junk.
Cas chuckled before taking a glimpse at Dean who was giving him privacy and has started gobbling on the Apple filling taking big spoonfuls. The omega smiled fondly at the look child like happiness on Dean's face while eating before going back to his phone.
Sam nodded along, expressing "Yeah, the sudden change of weather will be harsh for Castiel. We should ta-" Dean cut him off before he could finish with a glare.
He spent way too much time thinking and trying to sort out this new feeling of jealousy. In the end, Cas felt more conflicted and tired than before. He turned off the shower taking the softest towel.
"I don't..Sam gave me, now clean....me. Pleeeeease Deeean." Dean can't say no when Cas looks back at him like this, his eyelashes covered in tears ocean eyes shining, the angel is gorgeous like apple pie with whipped cream on top.
And right now looking at them it surely felt like it. He frowned when each of them pointed fingers at each other "It's his/her fault." There was more glaring and Cas feeling like a 90's housewife.
Cas slips by them and snatches the onesie putting it back "No."
Dean rolled his eyes at the drama queen of a brother he has when the ginormous boy walked towards the door in a blur of his Rapunzel hair, giving him the finger. "Don't spend your whole time being somnophilic and get dressed."
Cas was right, Dean Winchester is an assbutt. His hand caught on a pillow which he threw at the Alpha who laughed and fell back in the bed grinning as Cas sat up sulking. "How can you laugh like that, Dean? I was so scared."
"This conversation is over." Dean glared at the guy, his jaw grinding. He gestured to Benny slammed his hand on the man's shoulder and didn't let the bastard get up from his seat. "You can't do this." Dean raised his hand, he didn't appreciate the man's arguing "Sh sh sh."
He felt warm when the leader's brother squeezed his shoulder for a show of support and said looking at the woman sternly "No, but Dean has ordered to take him. Then
He glides his hands up towards Cas's underwear, feeling the grip tighten on his jacket. Skimming his fingers up Dean strokes his omega. He feels delighted with the hitch of breath Cas gives him. Then he hears something that he wants to listen on repeat.
Cas looks at the man with ferocity wanting to punch that smug look off his perfect face. But he's already tired and is not ready to get thrown again so...he just fake grins at Dean and says sidestepping the man "Goodnight Dean~"
She chuckles in disbelief "You're with
want to, because
Looking down at all the clothes laid out before him on the bed Cas chooses what to wear. Sam has told him to wear something casual and warm since Dean has something planned out for them, but Cas just wanted a simple burger with juicy red meat, lots of cheese with a big glass of soda, couldn't the takeout have worked?
Cas looks around in melancholy, not focusing on glaring eyes at him of homophobes. "I just think I would have done this too if
Cas looks at the Alpha incredulously, what kind of stupid 5yr old reply was that? Though it was not stupid since he did say that he doesn't know the guy. Cas snarls "Do you think we are at some business conference or your first day of kindergarten? You
"No."
'Interesting things' should be an understatement. Cas eyes go wide in shock as the bomb drops on him, the things he uses for his heat and some of his kinky stuff, Dean have seen it?. Dismissing the things happened just seconds ago, his head snaps to Dean and glares at him huffing "Don't you have
Dean argued, "We just need to pay them more." His eyes turned back to Cas who was watching him with an odd expression.
me by saying you will not because I know you will."
Apparently, they were going back to Kansas today. The meetings have already been conducted yesterday night when Cas was asleep. In a way, Cas was not much dejected at not being involved in sit-downs between two gangsters.
The omega has taken to a new tactic and has pulled the robe up to his middle to only show his ass. The puckering pink hole was on display for the Alpha as Cas panted on the pillow chest heaving up and down. He had two fingers on his mouth for fingering himself as he groaned "Alpha...fuck me..."
When he is at the top, he feels sick, he puts his hand over his mouth at the horror of the scent and scene infront of him, everything is covered in thick molten lava. The crown overtop his head has ruined, the petals turned to ashes, Cas licks his chapped lips, tears forming underneath his eyes, he has to stop Dean. In order to avenge his brother, he has gone insane in anger.
His heavy boots clicked the concrete as he looked around, his eyes moved to the bed where a white robe was hastily left on the bed. Moving forward, he picked it up weighing the soft material in his hands before bringing it to his nose and having a sniff at it, he felt himself getting hard just by the smell and bit his lips hungrily playing with the thin cloth. From the scent, Dean can tell it had just been taken off.
The Alpha was irresistible, the intercourse would be heavenly. None of Cas's past relationship even comes close to Dean, the Alpha was hot, overpowering and the green eyes was enough to make Cas wet uncontrollably.
Cas pushed inside him, hitting his prostate with an arch of his body. He whined like a cockslut "Ahhhh" His buttlips tightened around his finger, his forefinger scratching lightly on the inside muscles. He gripped into his cock, flicking his finger over the head like it was Dean's tongue mapping the veins of his cock.
"So tell me, how did you get started working as sales director or do you have any aiblings?"
Unknowingly Cas snuggles to the hand cradling his head, he watches as Dean pulls back the curtains to go talk with his team. It's awkward when someone, probably Benny jokes about the plane smelling like a whorehouse. He snickers when he sees Sam hitting the man on the back of his head shutting the Irish Alpha, who rubs his head grumbling.
And yeah Cas trusts him because he knows the hunter will. He nods and settles on the pillow biting his inner cheek while Dean squeezes a good amount of lube on Cas puckered hole and his fingertips. He puts one finger inside Cas making him scrunch his face a little, Dean's lips hover on Cas's temple as he starts doing an in and out motion. At some time the angel's face morphs into pleasure so Dean adds another finger scissoring inside Cas.
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
His body twitched at the feeling of hard muscles from when he snuggled Dean. A strong hand rubbing his ears, his mind pictured Dean on top of him, opening his tight hole with those massive fingers. He felt the heat rise in his each of his body part whenever he thought of Dean pounding inside him. He came on the bath wall with a scream.
His lungs ached making it hard for him to breathe, leaning his head back on the couch Cas lets tears run down his cheeks. His stomach groaned unpleasantly making him shudder. The room was cold, he wrapped the cardigan more tightly around him for some heat.
His eyes snap to the Alpha when he hears a crunch, his eyes bug out of his socket seeing he broke Dean's nose. Is he really
But if he agreed, that means he is giving in completely and he was not sure about that. His mind started relaxing, as Dean kept running his hand over his arm making him dive in sleep with loose questions.
Cas's dress:
Dean shoots Alistair point black surrounded by his soldiers who will know what happens to traitors. He feels eyes on him making him more irritated at disturbance. Eyes turning to the latecomer, he startles when he sees none other than Cas standing. His beautiful blue eyes are wide in fear...of him, his mouth agape as he pants laboriously. Cas looks down his body and passes out on the concrete floor.
He nods slowly and confirms mournfully "Yeah, you're right... I can't just go around giving our location."
"I don't know. In some ways...I want to except all of this, but I also have to think rationally, right?" He asked wiping his hands and turning towards the head cook. He sat on one of the chairs, nipping at inside of his cheeks thoughtfully.
"Oh don't you dare hey, me young man. Where the hell have you been? You made quite a show of throwing Zacharia in the pool and just vanished. When we came back to check up on you, you weren't in your room just a message saying you are taking your own
Cas asked, "Are you.... spies?"
"How can I? Your too fucking sexy for someone to give up." The voice was low and the reason for his hauntings on the dance floor.
"Okay, 1)Stop keeping your ears on the door and 2)You should respect me, I'm not some orphan omega, I'm prince of Angeles." Cas grumbled from his side of the door, he huffed crossing his arms when he heard Dean's laugh.
He heard a whistle behind him and jerked forward a little when the black mare stopped. Why did she stop? Now is not a time for break, he is running away. There was a roar that chilled him to the bones, he realised it was none other than the King Alpha "BABY!!"
He can hear Dean's pants, the man is affected by the omega pheromones roaming around them. Softly Dean grips onto his omega's face with his other hand making the man look at him with wrecked heated eyes that make Dean impeccably hard but he doesn't react, he says with a smirk "You have to earn the pleasure."
Kingdom Of Kansa Indianas:
"Just something for work." Cas explained with his hands on his hips "And you better not lose it or I'll make Dean sick you for that."
A warm breath tickles his ear as Dean says possessively at him "You look...." Before he can finish Cas turns on his heels clasping both his hands over Dean's mouth, sticking his tongue out childishly. He is getting to know other people does not mean he is getting familiar with Dean, not in million years he will ever.
daughter and molesting her.
Cas hands go to Dean's hair, roaming through it as other clutches on the pillow tightly. Cas's breath hitches when he feels Dean's tongue in his nipple, dean's hand massaging his other nipple. Cas feels his toes curl on the sheets as a broken moan falls from his lips. "Deaan"
She wailed and cried until no tears were left, only little whines. Pulling away she asked, "What about Claire?"
The scent of arousal has covered the compartment. Cas lets out a needy whine when Dean's hands are suddenly gone. He gasps taking meaningful breaths, head bowed on the Alpha's shoulder.
Translator:
He shook his head in embarrassment, the heat is probably getting to his head. Dean has gone off to do his 'business stuff' leaving him with his trusted brother.
Dean rested his elbows on the table, smiling lightly at Cas "That's impressive. Really, working at one of the global companies at such young age, your parents must be proud."
Cas was so broken because he thought they were getting better but at last minute, Zacharia pulls something like this. He didn't come back whole night and even in the morning his side of bed was cold. He opened his phone to know about his boyfriend's whereabouts but there was no reply, instead his phone was being bombarded with Birthday wishes from his brother, cousin, parents and some office friends.
Cas gulps, feeling futile to do anything. He hunches his shoulder inwardly feeling it's getting harder and harder for him to concentrate again. He keeps his eyes on the blanket while Dean keeps talking "You shouldn't have seen it."
The younger one just shrugs with a smirk, making Dean raise his eyebrows. He can 'feel' that his brother is planning something."He's being the bait."
"Cas, why don't you call Dean for lunch?" Charlie asked grinning, the raven haired omega had a little assumption she was plotting something but it was just about bringing Dean for lunch, he can do that. He will knock on the door, shout over it and then run back.
The raven haired male whimpered and leaned on the wall for support, his knees buckling as he did as told. His dick was twitching to get relieved but he can't touch himself not without Dean telling him to. He trying to choke back all the sinful sounds invoking from him.
He wrapped the girl in his embrace, leaning her head on his chest releasing his comforting honey scent. Gasping she continued "He called me in and...tried to touch me....everywhere while taking about how i was...rare and...he wanted to give me a better... placement" Tears burst out of her eyes and the omega felt angry, if Dick would've been alive then he would've strangled that man himself, even Hell looked like a small place for this kind of people.
Cas heaved looking at Dean seeing nothing but anger in his eyes. His back hit the mirror with a thump as fear overpowered him when Dean's grip tightened. Dean leaned close to his face, their bodies barely inches away and hissed "I've ordered it And when I am going to see it, I will decide."
The blue eyes swallowed thickly blinking back the tears at such a big declaration of fondness. Dean didn't get any reply but was content when his blue eyed 'friend' pulled his back flush to his chest, a smile broke out in his face as he turned his head back on the path.
here."
"You came?" The healer archangel was there seating at a brown armchair seeping whiskey. He arched his eyebrow "Your grace? It's different."
He asked waiting for the denial to come but it never came, he was shocked when the Alpha shook his head with a slight tick of lip "Yes, you can go anywhere...because I know you will come back."
"Don't speak about father like that." Cas said through his teeth, he couldn't bear the words getting out of Anna's mouth. His father gave her shelter when there was no one for her and how could she speak so lowly of him is out of his understanding.
Gabriel nuzzles in Sam's neck, other doing the same with his partner. Cas flies above looking at the sky through the tall trees, Cas chuckles when he is finally above all trees, he looks towards the dark mountains ahead. Cas rolls his hand making a beautiful flower crown, with daisies, spring flowers, red and pastel roses. He puts it on top his raven hair. He looks down and sees Sam and Gabe looking up at him.
Cas replied "Oh, he was here. He has just left to search for a maid." He gestures toward the broken glass pieces and juice, the red-haired grimaced at the mess before she sat beside him making the omega look at her befuddled.
Sam licks his lips and nods "I know someone who can know though."
Claire shrieked "What? But you're....a guy. Y-You can't get pre-pregnant." Her eyes kept moving to Cas's face to his sweater covered belly.
After the whole ordeal, everybody seats around the dining table to discuss about Claire with the girl sitting on the head. Pancakes, fruits, and other dishes on the table for her and Castiel.
He kicked the door close more forcefully than possible, thinking of Cas with someone else had his blood boiling. Maybe his omega has sensed his anger because he started to snuggle more to him and whimper lightly spreading his glorious pheromones.
Cas bites his lips and steps away from the shower, still keeping the shower head on, he takes the soft towel from the rack and dries himself.
She laughs amused "Well your parents really liked angels huh?"
Don't forget to share your thoughts in comment.
"I'm gonna check on Claire."
Cas sniffles and wipes tear from his cheek giving no reply. Dean continues "I promise it will be good year. I just need to react quicker, 'cuz I lose my vigilance when I'm around you."
Cas looked up at Dean, his cheeks stuffed with pasta. He swallowed embarrassed when Dean chuckled and wiped sauce from the corner of his lips.
Gulping he takes steps towards the door, there seems to be no shadow peaking from the gap meaning nobody is just outside the door. He examines his chances to run away, if he stayed silent then nobody would catch him and if he just avoided heels this time, then that would be fantastic.
"Okay, but know this I will never go with you, only my
Gabe smushed his face in his brother's shoulder as he shook his head "No, you're right. I'm sorry...I got too far, you were only doing this for Castiel."
As he moved towards the bar downstairs, he recognized the person tending to the drinks and it was no other than Rowena herself. She smiled toothily as he reached her
It's hard to believe that these people are the world's more dangerous Mafia organization. They look so simple and...human like this. The homeliness of the moment breaks out a smile on his face, suddenly Dean looks up straight at him.
I just wanted to post this...
Cas's wardrobe:
"Dean I know" Cas said humbly like he has done already 6 times.
****************************
With a glass of water and heat meds, Dean came back and sat beside Cas. He was caught off guard when his omega suddenly leaped at him.
While on the other side of the screen Cas is thinking of ways to avoid heartbreak, he puts the robe inside the duffle bag and takes out clothes he bought on Gabriel's recommendation. It's jeans which are ripped
He runs upto his omega to check if there's any head injury Cas has just got, he's only swollen in the area he dropped on his head with. Dean shouts over Benny "Take care of the body."
Footsteps echoed as Dean departed from the way newcomers came from.
But Lucifer treated Michael with every ounce of respect and now they were about to bring their first child into the world and Cas couldn't be happier for them. There was another member in the Castle, Gabriel. He was known as Trickster, people have this assumption that omegas are supposed to be sweet, calm beings but Gabriel was one to object that, he was mischievous and had a habit of messing with people.
He nods "Yeah, she seemed younger than me. She had blonde hair and was clutching to the black haired angel."
He has to save the reputation of the family and also the people in the container. Dean has the offender who is the reason behind all this in his hands. He can feel his blood boil as he descends the stairs.
Gabriel groaned because the older omega knew that the little one was right, Dean was a man of power he can do anything. He wasn't named Knight of Hell on a whim. The older decided earnestly "Okay, then I'm coming with you."
In the cold mountains where chilling wind flows relentlessly was the Kingdom of Angeles. Over the year, mountains, town, castle and everything was covered in a layer of light snow. Many would think because of the weather, the place must not have any form of agriculture but the lands were blessed by Gods and every year they had enough to feed the people.
They nod at him, he jumps and goes back sliding the curtains to which both Bobby and Sam rolls their eyes. They know Dean has the bad habit of including his nether regions with work. They both put headphones on their ear.
The omega leaned into the soft touch cursing himself for it. "Don't worry angel, I will help your family. But you are going to marry
"Boy, your a loud one." The Alpha winces, covering his ears. Cas takes the moment to run but it's useless because there's another guy behind, the Beta rolls his eyes and leaps forward placing something close to his nose.
Dean looks at Cas, as he realizes what is going through the omega's mind. "I won't do anything without your permission."
The hate and monovalence are so directly visible in the Archangel's eyes that Cas is sure it can melt him in spite.
Benny was down before any of them engulfing his smaller omega in his arms sniffing him, nuzzling him. They made a very cute couple that was for sure, behind him Dean joked "Don't get down to the business right here, brother."
"In that moment, I understood that..it wasn't only my imagination."
"Stop it," Dean repeated, his voice strained.
He took out the gun, clicking it as he started strolling through the tunnel of their basement. The parcel was the code for the human trafficking bastard, Dean knows its gonna be a bloodshed because of what he's about to do. But he's not gonna let these omegas and beta females sold to the hands of the underworld.
The warm water had him all red and the steam was covering around him like a blanket. Rolling both his hands over his body, he let the white soapy foam decorate his body as the Alpha's breathed heavily. He turned around to see Dean sitting on the end of the bed like a wolf preying on a little lamb, his hair was wet since the man had showered before him.
He frowned when his body started feeling unnaturally warm, his breath started to quicken as he brought up his hand to his forehead to check the temp. He was burning up, Cas gulped as he figured out what was going on with him, he was going into heat right. this. moment.
Cas shakes his head "No...no...Dean-" He gets cutoff when his husband growls loudly, creating a big avalanche, Cas knows when his husband's angry he doesn't have control of himself, drawbacks of being a God.
so... keep walking,
But Cas wasn't wearing such showing dress for the world to gawk at, the idea of pleasing His Alpha, Dean pushed him to do this. He wanted the strong blonde male to praise him, which was a sudden new feeling coming to him. Under Dean's capture he was getting more rebellious than ever, he wanted to tease the man in anyway possible until the man snapped on his own and took Cas.
he says with a sigh "Cas, I know you miss them but after what happened yesterday at the station, it has messed with the Angel radio, and now I'm sure Raphael knows of our whereabouts. We are walking on thin ice brother, we can't afford to show ourselves."
He archs his back pumping the thing in one go whimpering. Injecting the cock through him in a fast pace while playing with his soft nipples. He minds creates a picture of rough hands playing with his nubes, laying feather light kisses on his body all the while fucking him hard. His blonde Alpha pumps fast into him, his ears flapping on his head with the force of it. He puts his hand on his mouth to muffle the sounds although Zach probably wouldn't hear him but he doesn't take chances. His tail swishes on bed, since its long enough Cas uses it to fan over his body. He lets our a broken moan and uses his other hand to jerk himself, still rocking the vibrator inside him.
Cas bites lip and pops open the button sliding the zipper down springing out the pulsing cock. His eyes widen as his mouth falls open in an O, even the pizza man was not this big.
He doesn't want to make space for Dean in his heart but the Alpha is so frustrating. When Cas is sure about running away from the man, Dean pulls off this caring side that makes him go all gooey. He sighs in exhaustion feeling another round of headache coming up. It seems like this is his life now fainting, waking up, fainting and waking up again.
He wants to run to Dean, wants to be held in those strong arms, wants to be held like something precious as the diamond. Whimpering, Cas bites his lips to not let the tears out. Then he sees her, the woman Dean wants and tears fall on their own as he hides behind the tree even though nobody can see him.
The archangel glared at his older brother when Claire looked down sorrowful that she again lost the last hope of finding her mother. He stood up from his chair and shouted "Yes I am"
"There were surely some
"I...um" Cas frowned "Y-You did. But.."
Cas scoffs and looks away as his eyes shine with unshed tears, just because Zacharia was a bag of dicks that means he somehow belongs to Dean? He curses the moment he decide to run out of the resort.
The Alpha moved swiftly, he caught Cas's arm and nuzzled to his black hair breathing in his scent, before making the omega look at him as he hissed "What the hell are you wearin'?"
He shudders as his heart thumps loudly in his chest. Cas feels the need to puke his guts in horror when Dean looks straight at him in alarm, whole body covered in blood, someone
"He was telling that no, we are adopting."
I'm updating this earlier because my data is running low and I might not be able to update it later due to some issues. But my schedule is going to Tuesday and Friday. Enjoy ðŸ˜‰
Balthazar let out a puff of smoke and said leaning in "c'est toujours"
************************
And I was thinking about writing another Destiel fic, this one I'm gonna make Dean extra-extra possessive and they're gonna be medical students. So what do you think I should write about it or what?
He prays to his missing father that he and Dean never cross paths.
"Okay, let's go." The voice is loud, Cas can scent it's an Alpha but there's a hint of softness to it. Cas clinches his jaw and turns around slowly, rubbing his wrists and arms, he cowers back to see the ginormous Alpha standing infront of him.
guy just brings it to another level, he asked frustrated "Do you want something?"
Suggestion: Listen to Good For You by Selena Gomez *slowed* for better effects.ðŸ˜Š
Gabe stares at Cas whose pink cheeks are smudged with cake batter. He snorts inwardly, how the hell is
He held in a yelp when Dean gripped his hair pulling him back baring his teeth at Cas "He will not. After all, who wants to see their youngest getting widowed."
There was a caption /Guess what?/
"What's there to hide? We both have the same parts...wait do you have boobs? Or you suddenly grew testicles?" Cas shut the door on his brother's face, Gabe had no filter, doesn't he understand that it is not right to talk such things so openly.
(See the end of the chapter for
love it, because it's
Just then the trio came bounding over to the kitchen freshly showered, dressed in three piece suits except Charile who was in a tank top with shorts trying to strangle the 6 foot tall boy. He snickered when Benny got his hand slapped by Mrs.Butters as he tried to steal some pieces from the bowl.
When everybody left, Dean was alone in the room gazing out the glass sipping his whiskey, Sam left to deal with the papers with Benny escorting him while Bobby reported back to Crowley.
Cas puts a photo on the table "Where's Amelia? What did you do to her?"
"Hey, Assbutt!!!!"
Since Castiel's mind is not in a drunken state, he is remembering something, Winchester. He has heard that name before, his eyes widen when he remembers where. In news, he has seen the work they do murders, assassination, gambling and so many more.
The omega coughed lightly making the mob boss look up, he said "Mrs.Butters told me to bring your meal here since you were working."
"Well, let him." Cas bit his lip feeling his body thrum delightfully.
"Listen, Cas." Sam took a hold of his hand to not lose him in the crowd of bodies and darkness. The Alpha called over his shoulder "We won't be alone okay? Some people will join us tonight, we have to discuss some matters with them"
They drew apart but keep close, Cas pants puffs of air. "Ahh" He moans when Dean bites just beneath his ear and close to chin. Dean let's the tie fall, unbuttoning the shirt a little and starts kissing down. He bites hard on Cas collarbone like he was claiming a mark. "Dean..loove...me" Cas stutters softly grasping on the broad shoulders.
"Maybe I can squeeze between you both during your wedding night." Gabe joked, making Cas laugh merrily.
With a quirk on his lips Dean asked "So?"
"Nothing much, just talked with Charlie and played with Riot." Cas replied as the dough finished and backed up a little to indicate the Alpha he can leave as he picked up the rolling pin. But it seemed like Dean was not going so fast, the omega blinked when the blonde Alpha again leaned on to him. "You can... leave if you have something else to do."
Getting inside the darkened room, he slumped on the armchair and pulled his knees up to his chest. Tears welled in his eyes as he thought about Jo's words, she wasn't wrong. If he can be kidnapped then who knows that someone else will not. He feels his heart coil in pain thinking about Dean doing this again, bring someone else when the gangster got over him.
His heels click on the pavement as he looks around for the bathroom. The wind blows in his back, chilling up his spine. He should have taken a jacket, he stops when he has a lingering feeling of someone's eye on him.
His eyes still look at the fire as he speaks "What I am about to tell you is so incredible..." he paused and shook his head in disbelief and continued "I didn't believe it until I saw you at the airport."
." He bit inside of his cheek staring at the food he was sharing with the Alpha.
He nods, both hands-on Dean's chest gripping the white shirt as the Alpha cleans the slick leaking from his hole. Cas tries not to moan but he surely flushes red as a Tomato making the Alpha snicker. When he is done, the man fixes his dress and dumps the tissues.
He pouted, its not like he can just stay here eventhough it's quite luxurious in here. "Alright.." He trailed of drying his eyes, and looking at himself in the mirror his nose and cheeks have gone red from crying but maybe Dean wouldn't notice it if he kept his head down.
Gabriel nodded thinking his brother was finished but then he said something that made his a rock drop in his stomach "Call the sorceress." He looked at Lucifer with tear stricken eyes biting his lip.
Wow, Cas can never get used to Hunters and their way of explaining killing, trafficking, etc this casually. But since he was not going to drink either there was only one thing for him to do.
Dean is not assured, but sighing he enters the living where Benny is smirking at him. Jo is laughing looking at the contains, her back turned to them, in a sofa Crowley is sitting with Bobby sporting wines in his hands. Charlie enters the room with a bunch of wine glasses, flirting with the maid.
"Oh, that is a weird fetish." Cas blinked uneased by the information but the two siblings just laughed.
This is the first time, Cas has heard the demon stutter like this. He hugs the man around the middle who hugs him back sniffing "Why am I going so soft, all of a sudden?"
He closes the curtain of trial room huffing and looks around hangers for what to wear next. His attention is zeroed on black lace lingerie. He picks it up, biting his lips and regards the lacey thing.
Cas looks back at his brother who is still looking at his mate adoringly. Cas feels happy and tinge of envious of their bond, they are so in love with each other but he also knows that this kind of bond doesn't happen in secs, it has gone through too many hardships to get here.
**********************
Cas breath hitches, maybe too much champagne was not a good idea. He feels his bladder nagging at him. He steps aside "I am going to the bathroom" He leaves a kiss on his boyfriend's cheek and walks out of the tent.
Cas frowns thinking the words over and over in his mind, no one ever can have grace beautiful than the older archangel. But now is not the time, shaking his head he regards "Balthazar, we need to save someone from Hell."
Dean looked up at the sky feeling the heat on his face, he felt like he could fight an apocalypse with Cas by his side. The weight of the omega on his chest was making his inner Alpha go crazy. He looked down at the beautiful face, his breath fanning Cas's lashes. He gulped watching the shades of red on Cas's cheeks, Dean bit his lip when his eyes directed to Cas's pink lips. He wanted to have a taste of it, bite it greedily until they got red as the blood pumping through him. He wanted to do so much more, wanted to worship Cas like the omega was God.
is going on here?" A deep voice booms loudly, Cas flinches feeling terrified.
baby going to take care of another baby.
"No screwing up. Got it, brotha. Here Miss Milton"
"So you left us for this?" Cas asked staring outside the window, his cousin was beside him doing the same thing. But inside he was screaming to hold Anna, hug her and tell her how much he loved her. That she was the best but he couldn't, the hurt, the betrayal was too much on him.
He stared at Dean's Adam apple instead of the his eyes, but the Alpha was having none of that. Putting his finger below Cas's chin he tilted the raven hair's head up to see the gorgeous blues "Why were you crying, Angel?"
Sorry for the late update, schools are starting and teachers have started loading the work, again. This chapter didn't have much, it was just for some bonding time with in laws ;)
Staring at him with pupil-inflated eyes as he sealed their lips with a kiss. It was arousing, passionate everything Dean wanted. His mind became muddled when Cas moaned, setting the items on the side table. He kindly wanted to push his Neko away since he wasn't in the right mind.
Art by Alena Aenami
**************************************
He gets up from the bed and looks around, his heels are near the bed end but there is no sign of his other things. He is happy for the fact that atleast he is in the same clothes. He walks towards the door and starts thumping loudly "H-help!!!" He tries the handle but its locked.
"I have to finish some of the new techs in my lab so I can't. But next time we both can go together, take Rowena along." She suggested with eyes wide and hopeful, the raven haired man nodded with a smile.
Alphas.
"I should have never left her." She bawled her eyes out again.
"You look so beautiful, Cas." The rough voice rumbled above him making Cas whimper at what was about to happen to him next. He had no idea about sexual intercourse, he was like a baby with these things. Michael, after his marriage with Lucifer protected him like a mother, never let him get corrupted.
"Ahhhhhhhhhh"
But the omega is going to prove him wrong, when it was time to leave. He asked if he can travel in a horse instead of his cart. When the hostler left to bring a horse for him, the omega took the moment to steal any of the one and just sprint out to the woods. Cas was very good with animals, his attention directed to the night shade horse, that Dean was travelling on.
Cas mewls at the compliment but when Dean tries to pull him off he resists. He gets up huffing like a child "Deeean"
Cas pants, looking across the tree line when he feels Dean's lips over his ear. He abruptly gets down from the hood, his whole body flustered, his chest rising, and with his overcoat fallingÂ  off his shoulders as he stutters "I-I am sleepy."
Cas nods because he knows he has too, he has given them lot of chances to strengthen the bond, but it just can't. He straightens his back getting out of his brothers grip, his skimpy bikini top lining his upper chest as he says confidently "Yeah, I Castiel Novak is not gonna let Zacharia treat me like a some old CD player. I'm gonna break up with him."
Since another plan just got worse, Cas had no other choice but to get back his defense skills. With all his might he stepped on Dean's foot, taking the chance when Deaned howled in pain to get away but he didn't reach far as growling the blonde man took hold of his broken wrist again turning it so hard that Cas felt like it would rip off.
"I am coming with you. Is that not enough?" Cas spat at the vulgar human being in front of him, how can he say something like that? Dean looked away with a sigh before nodding towards Sam who picked up Michael in his arms though Cas was uncomfortable with that.
But his brother was gone, Dean feels sadness wail in him, he curls his fist around his mate's waist, he is not gonna let anything happen to Cas. He knows his brother is gone and Cas is just saying it to make him feel better. Many other gods used to joke about how Sam is Dean's and Castiel's love child.
"I think my brother just wants to take good care of you." Cas narrowed his eyes at Sam.
Yawning, Cas stared at the pool. He was lounging beside it bored out of his mind. When he woke up in the morning Dean was already gone and the omega was happy because he didn't know what to think about their nightly incident.
So, I changed some things, and again I'm not familiar with how Mafia works so this chapter might be a bit repetitious for reading.
"My....my b-baby?" Michael asked stuttering, sobbing little tears. Cas doesn't know how to answer that but his guess was if there was no bleeding around the legs it means the baby must be doing fine.
. I am going to search for my mate on my own." He barked striding towards the room kicking it open and eyeing the place, he groaned at the sweet scent around the room, Honey and lavender. Yeah, he was in the right room because nobody smelled this sinfully pure except Cas.
Cas shook his head scared "No you can't."
Without thinking Cas embraced his sister, crying as he said "I missed you." Anna's small hands rubbed at his back as she kissed his head.
Cas blinked grimacing, infront of him were Sam, Benny and Charlie all drenched up with a happy Riot in the taller boy's arms. "W-what happened?" He asked with his cat-like head tilt, he had just come down after finishing his work and the first sight he saw was their main cook/care take of the house, Mrs.Butters screaming at these three like they were toddlers.
The girl blinked up at him "But, you're pregnant."
He looks around, there are so many alleyways that he is forgetting which way he came from. He opens his phone to call an uber. He gets to the resort safely tucked in between his brother and Lucifer like a child with their parents watching reruns of GOT.
When we're out.... toget-her dancing cheek to cheek...."
They both turn to him at the same time confused. Crowley looks at Cas's face before turning to Claire with a raised eyebrow, the girl grumbles something before she walks up to Cas.
Sam waved at one of the bartenders and let go of him around the bars, told him to order anything "You wait here one minute okay? I'll be back."
Cas kneels puts his fingers on Bobby's head bringing him back. Bobby's eyes snap open as Cas nods and smiles at him. He stands up and looks at Dean who is playing with the rings. He asks "What happened to you Cas?"
He strolled towards the BMW X6 parked beside the jet swinging his hips, heels click on the pavement with each step. He figured that he was giving quite a show to Dean of his ass because the man grunts "Cas"
And I might be taking some time off writing, I'm sorry for doing that but don't worry I will continue but just not now.
Benny answered keeping his voice in the bay, trying to not stutter at the rage of the head Alpha "When I woke him up to take him to the tent, he just fell...I think leaving his home is affecting him, chief."
has, angel."
Cas gave a tick of lips, he asked "So were you always...Dean's right-hand man?"
Cas rapped his arms around her shoulder and whispered gently "It's okay. She's fine but we need to go before your abuser comes back."
"Are you
I started this because it brought me a sense of focus, peace and desire to do better. But after my first book was viral that feeling of peace and love faded and I craved for hits and likes which is so wrong of me. I am so ashamed of myself that I even let that greed take me, the one thing I hated the most...I just became that.
Cas growls "Fuck off." He pushes the man inside the pool with all his might. Lucifer and his rag-tag team of cheerleaders, shouts and laughs loudly. Cas smirks looks back at Michael who gives him thumbs up laughing. "I will hold him off. You go."
Don't forget to tell me how you liked this chapter. Lots of loveâ¤â¤
There was nothing about Dean, simple mentions of Jo, Sam, or Benny. His phone pinged startling him from his research. Opening it, he saw a message from his brother Michael and Lucifer having enlarged grins on their lips, the background looked like hospitals.
, a voice says inside his head. But he wears it nonetheless and then a white crop top which is ripped in front of his collarbone. Cas is weighing his options that does Gabriel wants to make him look like a beggar or not. And last but not least black boots with low heels.
"S-stop." He gasped out when the hands around his body moved up going beneath his robe sliding through his pale leg.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well Jo is out of question, and others are busy." He grunted out, "Garth is the only one who looks like isn't gonna pounce on my mate."
Claire asked clutched to Cas's hand "Cas you will not leave me right?"
your 'sweetheart'. How do you know my name?" He shouted the last words, patting himself for not choking in his tears. There was a hurt look passing on the green eyes before it was gone as quickly so Cas assumed it was his imagination.
Cas voices his thoughts loudly "Dean did not take me. I also consented to it, Balthazar."
Benny smells like a Beta and is also mated, he has a soft scent to him that relaxes Cas and apparently, the man also recognizes him. When the bulky man sees him first, there's a slight smile on his face even though he's covered in blood. His accent is a bit weird for Cas since he has never heard that before "It's good' to see'ya again, Short-cake."
"You get my drift." Cas concluded rolling his eyes, "Why didn't you knock?"
But it was hard whenever his eyes found his sister's she ducked her head. He halfheartedly listened as Dean introduced him to everyone, except a nod he gave no reply. "Anna is our Magister and Jo's.....mate."
I hope you enjoyed the fluff and I also want to inform you about my new fic 'Dean's Obsession' check it out. Love you all ðŸ˜ŠðŸ¥°
? not only him but his people
"Sure." He then turned to Benny "When is our flight?" The burly Alpha smiled casually.
"You're lying." Gabe said confidently looking at him while Cas glared, making the smirk enlarge on the older one's lips "I know you, Packo. You always wanted to marry the person you loved, not flow belatedly on other's wishes. You are only doing this for us like you always do."
Cas cautiously opens the door and pokes his head out the door. Wide blue eyes wanders both ways before opening the door as silently as possible.
Dean doesn't answer because he doesn't even want to imagine the worst. If something happened to the angel then he's not sure what he will do. He looks around the bar gazing at the men and women strippers dancing on poles or just dancing. He has to appreciate the guy's lean figure, even though he's not gay, there is nothing wrong with appreciating a man's body and having an urge to jack off. So maybe he is, it's not important. For the 21st century, it's a very old-looking place, giving it middle age vibes with Mariachi. Dean didn't know this type of place existed.
Cas looked at the man incredulously, he has never seen the man in his life because if he did then like hell he would forget. He only first met him when he collided with him at the resort and trust him, he's dreading it now. All his fantasies for the Alpha is vanishing,
This story will be mostly Castiel's POV. Comments are highly appreciated ðŸ˜Šâ¤
Dean pins Cas' hand to the sheets above his head, and the omega cries out and struggles but it's useless against Dean's powers, every inch of his body is covered by the Alpha's. He tries to move his legs but they are trapped on Dean's hips, somehow wriggles his hand out of Dean's grip and slaps him across the face with a loud smack, jerking his face to right.
"I know. But we need to keep a watch on him, Cas isn't the brightest sometimes but he's smart enough to slip away." He said sharpening his first blade, it was made of jawbone of Cain who was posing as a donkey when Dean slammed his sword through the head of the man, he broke the First Son' bones part by part for the crimes of killing.
"Oh, sweetheart. You will."
"We need to leave." The golden-haired man whispers before barking a little louder "Now."
Dean raised his eyebrows and asked in a bored tone "Or else what?"
If Cas was honest he kind of felt so fired up at the nickname, slick dripped from his hole and his length twitched. He felt the need to submit to this Alpha, and he doesn't even know the guy. Nobody has ever had this much effect on Castiel, ever. He has a loving boyfriend, no way this Alpha is gonna make him submit.
Looking up at the grey sky, Cas closes his eyes "Balthazar, I need your help."
Cas looks up at him, even from the less lighting Dean can make out the reddened cheeks giving him an urge to mark Castiel as his and only his. But he is not going to do it, he taught the angel free will and he will choose Death (not the person) before he took that from Cas.
He looked down where Lucifer gripped his hand tightly and said calmly "We can't take chances. Their bond is too strong."
Picking up Claire, Cas asked with blubbing eyes "Can we at least give her a proper burial?"
he was never a FATHER, Castiel. He was a-a...writer who wrote our stories the way
Cas rubbed her back when she clicked her tongue at last tears spilling. Claire gasped and continued "She was gone...no postcards or anything, and grandma died. They put me in foster but...I ran away to find her. The last place where she was, the manager gave her diary with some other stuff. She mentioned about meeting a magic healer..."
*says over the wall to not get hit* Hi, I'm back ðŸ˜…
Dean sighed, lips ticking upwards "Like everything, it's complicated."
He sits up a little, silencing the joyous energy around him as he says to his brother "For him it's like I'm not the most important thing. In his hierarchy I lay far behind his petty games, work and friends. And the very important...far behind him."
Dean chuckles at Cas' behavior, sure he said the angel is a baby in a trenchcoat but he doesn't except to have a daddy kink himself. But right now his mind are filled with Cas bend over his knees as Dean spanks him raw.
one last time before he is helped on the cart by another soldier, Cas heard Dean say, Benny. The man is on the bulky side and is taller than him with the same physic as others, but he seems friendlier than the Gordan guy.
ravishing, angel. So beautiful that even this outfit can do you no justice, sweetheart."
"Okay, I will call you later. Bye." She said before hanging up. Putting his phone back on the table, Cas turned back towards the mobster who turned his attention back to his omega.
"We are terribly sorry, but it was possible to regain only 12 percent of your family's interest. Maybe in future we recommend a more heterogeneous investment portfolio."
Cas pulls back a little, scared when the man turns to him, fires dancing in his eyes. In seconds he is in front of Cas' face both of his hands on either side of Omega's armchair, he says possessively inÂ  his ear "You will be." Warm breath tickles Cas' earlobe, he closes his eyes as tears shed from them.
When he opens them again the Alpha is pulling away from him as he asks, his voice dominating "Do you wanna know why your here or not?" Cas swallows and looks at the man, his lips trembling. To Dean he looks the most gorgeous being in the whole universe.
Cas chuckled and looked over his shoulder at the Scottish man, he doesn't want to agree but the angel's vessel is really hot. "You know it's incest right?"
"It's something I used to call you, before..." Benny doesn't finish and shakes his head with a sad sigh "Forget it. There's a long way 'head of us, we'll have 'nough storytimes."
Cas grins " I love you too Dean."
Just as words left his mouth there was glee in Dean's face, At that moment Cas realized that Dean Winchester doesn't ask he just takes whatever he wants. And now, he wants him.
The man of the talk appears beside him looking irritated and Dean had the idea how the meeting has gone, he grumbles directing towards the other party "Fucking assholes."
He stretched his arms, moaning before getting out of the covers. He stood up and peaked out of the curtains a little to see what was going on outside, it seemed like every one was working. This would be a good time to slip out but then he saw Jo walking towards his tent, possibly assigned by King Winchester to keep an eye on him.
Gabriel mouthed at Cas with a raised eyebrow and the same baffled look as the younger one 'Consort?' The raven-haired omega nodded at the girl before stepping into his room. He held his tears as he packed his clothes, his stomach churned when he saw Balthazar's letter on the table, where was he even?
Castiel sits down and the owner starts talking again "So, Mr.Novak I guess your here to make a trading deal with our company." Cas nods even though his second gender is feeling hyped with the presence of Alpha, Cas grew into a big family since he was a baby, he was surrounded by some of his Alpha cousins.
"Bitch"
Cas holds the staring match with Dean who does not seem much put off by Cas mocking his name and gives the equal challenge with stare. But Cas knows the Alpha is gonna lose, Cas is a pro at staring. In his school years, he used to scare off his bullies and horny Alphas just by staring. But for the
But when nimble fingers came at his cock palming it, he couldn't stop and he gripped onto the omega's waist invading his tongue inside Cas's warm mouth. He growled taking both of omega's hands and pinning it over his head.
*******************************************
Even when Naomi was exiled Luci gave her food that can survive two months and a horse too. He pouted and replied "No..", he looked up at Dean through his dark eyelashes when the man started kissing his fingertips keeping the eye contact. He blushed feeling his tummy churn in delight. This feeling was new to him, He has had suitors before but none of them ever came even an inch close to him since his royal guard was under strict orders of Lucifer to not let anyone with malicious intentions approach him.
