Steve turns abruptly to face Tony again, and Tony looks away, shame and guilt plastered on his features.
“Damn it – come
“… It’s not the spa’s policy for staff to do private visitations –”
to be subdued. An open challenge:
, and you’re not dead. All I did was carry you out of the bunker and ditch you in the backseat and let nature take care of itself.”
“It’s what people think of me. I’ve no issue with it.” There’s no sugarcoating, no pretence in Steve’s urges. Tony groans at his own surging desires, but he pushes back. He’s not into
They just
Then again, brisk walking naked in a baggy jumpsuit must be quite an experience. As they approach the steps leading up to the foyer, a man holds the door open and salutes. “Captain Rogers, Colonel Fury is expecting you in his office.”
Two’s a company, and three’s a crowd, right?
The room sinks gradually into darkness as the tablet and projection of Insight’s content dissolves into nothingness. It’s not a completely waste of effort.
“Oh… fuck me…”
“… How does it work?”
“No one. Stark’s right. We need a flyer on this one.”
He hears Steve perfectly, all right. And underneath him, the ground rumbles with the roaring of a straight-4 piston engine. The crown of Steve’s blonde head peeks from the top of his seat. “Yeah, I’m good,” Tony groans, and with great effort, props himself up with an elbow. “Huh. I feel surprisingly normal.”
It wasn’t uncommon for Tony to wonder if it would be more enjoyable if some of his family were here with him. Watching a movie with him like a real family. All of them laughing over the jokes on screen, someone being made fun of for crying when the protagonist ‘dies’ close to the end of the movie.
A sad smile graced Bucky’s face as he looked at where his arm used to be. “My hardest costs me.” With that said, Barnes walked away from Steve to head towards the door. “Natasha and Clint want to update you on some information. Also, Nat wants to know what your plan is with Peter. The kid has been following her, and Sam around recently. Asking questions that they aren’t sure if they can answer quite yet.”
Thor gets to talk to his brother
“I’ve been away a few months, Laufeyson. Sorry that they wouldn’t let me send a postcard.” That seemed to capture most of the attention in the room, but Tony wasn’t apparently going to stick around for long. Roger’s grabbed his collar and practically dragged him into a different room. He threw him into a chair that sat across from a large table. It was very similar to those old mob movies. Tony nearly snickered.
Tony blinked a second before choosing to ignore the voice of Yinsen in the back of his mind. The streets were busy as always. The people were chattering away or were on their phones. Tony hadn’t really looked at the people as they were until now. He blinked at the smallest details that he took in. There was a blonde that was laughing with a man who had his arm curled around her. There was an elderly couple who seemed content to feed the already fat pigeons of New York. Tony felt a fond smile coming over his face.
When Tony finally made it to his own floor it was cold. Not that he was going to complain about it. The cave had been hot, muggy, and the worst part of it had been damp. Tony was fine with the air around him being cold. “Sir, Master Loki has just arrived. He has a guest with him.” Tony turned to the elevator again and sighed.
“So, the meeting went that bad huh?” Steve threw his fist again at the sand bag, hearing the telling signs that it was liable to burst at a moment’s notice. Steve looked back at his right hand who seemed to have a Cheshire cat grin on his face.
Tony wasn’t sure why he ever thought that talking the truce over with Loki was ever a good idea. It was more of a yelling match. Mostly Loki yelling and Tony not getting too many words in until the man finally let him speak. “Loki, I know that you’re worried about Thor, but I told Roger’s going after you would mean the truce is off. Thor won’t touch you.” Tony looked Loki in the eye, “I look out for my own, you know that.”
“You don’t actually hate Steve.” Tony opened his mouth to retort but nothing came out. It was a pregnant pause before Peter spoke again. “When you hate someone Mr. Stark. Your eyes are different. It’s obvious, even on television. You hate Mr. Osborne. You hate Reed Richards. You hate big flashy cameras and too intrusive news anchors. But when you talk to Steve or are around him you act differently.” Peter smile shyly, “You’re intrigued by him.”
It was the high places that no one dares look. People always looking left and right, even down, but they rarely ever look up. It was something that Clint relied on when he went out, especially on a job. There were a few others in the family that understood what Clint was on about when he spoke about liking high places. Those few others being Natasha and Bucky. Though Natasha liked to stay close to the ground the few jobs that Clint went with her on generally involved her evading gunmen by falling from above. Clint knew that she trusted his judgment on this. As for Bucky, he was a sniper. He was used to getting a shot from a higher ground and knew that many didn’t think to look above for the big hunk of muscle that he was… is.
That was what Howard was always training Tony to do.
He poured himself another glass, “You wound me.” He took a sip. “Got a question for you though.”
Steve lowered himself to the ground level, resting his elbows on his knees while gaining the kids attention back towards him. “Okay, Peter. Where is your family? What were you doing to the electricity?”
“We should have run them out when we had the chance,” Loki muttered, relaxing back into his chair with a sigh. Tony agreed.
It wasn’t on public record that he was working with the Merchant, but it was in knowledge to most of Manhattan. Though no one really said this fact out loud. “I’m afraid that I don’t associate with the Merchant, Mr. Barnes.”
Tony paused his blow torch to stare at the screen that had Loki’s face plastered on it. His eyes were directed in front of him, watching with amusement. After Tony had talked with Bucky the Mob Boss had sent Loki with him to take the Irish member back to the warehouse. Since then Tony hadn’t heard anything from Loki until now.
This took toooooooooo freaking long to write up! I'm so sorry for those of you that have been waiting for this chapter.
When he could finally feel around him Tony felt a hard bed underneath him. The material was scratchy and worn. Letting his eyes focus Tony looked at the ceiling. Rock and dirt. Where in the world was he? Sitting up Tony felt a tug on his chest. Glancing down he noticed that his chest was wrapped in several bandages. With strong hands Tony grasped at the bandages, tearing them away to reveal a gaping hole in his chest! “The h*$#!” His chest tightened again. He followed the cords connected to the hole to a car battery. He went for the machine but paused once another voice came up through the shadows.
“Loki, you speak as if you are not one with this reality.” Steve’s head snapped up to stare at them. What had that meant?
Tony doesn’t like dogs.
I'm going to try and give updates about the story on my Tumblr
“Yes. Though I go by another name when I handle these sorts of deals.” Tony’s grin came back to his face, eyes hardening just slightly at the timid nature that the teen presented to him. Tony observed the wringing of his hands and how he didn’t raise his eyes from the ground. It was almost comical to the Marchant how scared this kid was to talk with him. “Name?”
What are they saying? Tony needed to know what they wanted.
There was crash behind them, and Tony found himself over Steve then, trying to block him from the debris. Some of the small embers were trying to eat their way through Tony’s nice dress shirt. He bit his bottom lip to keep from crying out. “Steve, come on!” Tony tried harder to wake the other man. He couldn’t drag him outside, it would be too obvious, they wouldn’t make it out of there alive. Natasha would bring him back to life just to kill him again should he let Steve die. “CAPTAIN!” There still wasn’t a response.
Bucky’s eyes snapped to Tony, who’s eyes seemed darker, more threatening. There were feet pounding against the floor outside, but Bucky wasn’t sure that they would be there in time. Tony’s finger was shaking on the trigger, though not from fear but anticipation. He seemed reluctant to hold back. Bucky wasn’t all that sure what to do in that moment, did he stop Tony or risk getting shot himself?
It was without thought… Barnes couldn’t believe what he had just seen from the man before him. Stark had seemed harmless. He didn’t try to fight Steve when it came to an agreement. In fact… Barnes was here today to try and talk with him about the building that they were thinking of purchasing.
Steve sat up more. “If you let us try I can promise that you won’t feel the need to run anymore. You’ll be able to stand tall, face anyone with your chin high and-”
Rhodey walked across the room, taking away the glass from Tony’s hand when he sat down next to him. Pepper left the room, phone to her ear. “Obie means well,” Tony tried to justify, glancing to his scotch but not moving to grab it. Rhodey would slap him if he tried. “Honestly. He’ll be okay in a few days and he’ll give me a plan that he’s made and we’ll-”
on the Lemurian Star.”
no less
“Pepper, so good to see you,” he pecks her on the cheek as she comes to greet him.
Behind them, the wall of computer monitors suddenly turns blue – the blue screen of death – with the ASCI marquee spelling “ROSEBUD” cascading from unit to unit. Looks like the suicide code has been triggered, and Tony grins some more. That’s the final trick up his sleeve. Try overriding the deleting process in hope of salvaging residual data, and boom! Rock falls, everything dies.
“Idiot!” The first thing Steve greets him with. “Now we’re both cornered!”
“You’ll be fine. We’ll figure out how to neutralise the toxin. Whatever it is.”
Steve smiles wryly. “So, you heard?”
“What for? With Pierce gone, there’s a vacancy. Can’t think of a better person to fill in the vacuum. We need leadership we can trust to rebuild the system.”
“Tony, calm down!” Red and hot flows freely past his philtrum, but Steve doesn’t ease up. “It’s me!”
But, that’s not what Tony meant. If the databases go online, there
He’ll need a change of clothes, too. The Cap suit is beautiful – he can’t thank Tony enough for this – but it has to go. He stops by some suburb minutes after crossing borders and changes into a cotton T, sweater and yoga pants that he pilfers from a clothesline.
“Mr Stark!”
His heart is still rolling on coal.
He doesn’t think much of that, and pulls his car back to re-join the traffic. “
“Who attacked you?”
Tony dives for cover behind a stack of changing locker, pelting fireballs in his wake. He hears screams, and he’s suddenly sorry that he can’t control the temperature of his fires, only the size, and he sure isn’t kid-gloving with candlelight. He hears no retaliatory gun shots, so he musters a larger fireball, screams “Incoming!” at the top of his lung, and bowls it through the door. He’s polite like that.
Pierce’s biometrics for authorisations. Nick’s out. Who’s in charge now?”
between us, you understand?” Tony hooks his free arm under Barnes’, and he pulls and lugs until Barnes is firmly settled against his side.
Steve hikes Tony’s legs up and folds him up until he’s lying on his tailbone, his asshole presented to Steve in all its glory. “I just showered,” Tony helpfully offers, his toothy grin withering a fraction. “I don’t have uh, condoms.”
“Well.” Tony pours water into his gaping mouth, and passes the bottle to Steve. “Good morning. Anyway, what’s the plan? We can head north, drive another half a day, maybe more to a safe house. JARVIS can lead us the way.”
–” Tony doubles over, a short cry escapes his lips. Don’t mistake Steve’s lack of aggression for weakness. His heart is hardened, the force of his fist punishing. And he isn’t about to let up.
to rationalise reducing the frugal amount of money tentatively being offered. Profit turnover, labour costs and litigation fees are expensive considerations, and don’t get him started about all the variables when dealing with biological systems.
“Oh… no, no –”
The way Tony watches him with half-lidded eyes suggests that yep, he doesn’t know what’s coming.
“As you wish.”
when Steve goes to check on him. Is this the same man who claimed to be allergic to sleeping, and subsisted on obscene amount of black coffee to keep his body running?
“Mr Stark,” his crowfeet crinkling as he offers Tony one. “Rumlow, Sir. Captain.” Steve picks a bottle for himself. “Forensics are still combing your apartment. SHIELD’s arranged a guest room for you at the Triskelion for the time being. And they’ve just released your shield. Do you want it now?”
“Fair enough. Is he in trouble?”
Tony stretches his limbs over the expanse of the sofa, and almost upsets the half-filled glass of scotch he’s holding. He blew his final chance big time, stumbling over facts of science and medical ethics. He tiptoed around issues on cost containment and efficacy, risks and responsibilities –
don’t trust you either. You could be in cahoots with Alexander Pierce for all I know. So, walk your talk. You say you have proof.”
“Thank you. And it’s Tony.” He extends a hand which Steve shakes, and is immensely relieved knowing that it’s still possible to have skin contact with his masseur that doesn’t immediately translate into a raging boner.
“Shut up.”
“No,” Rumlow deadpans from somewhere behind Tony.
“… What?”
He throws it callously at Tony’s chest. “Change here.”
. Your heart is racing.”
Gary swallows thickly. “I’ll go have a look.”
“Housekeeping is in an hour or so. Have your lunch and come back, you’ll be just in time to catch our attendant. Or, I can call the management for a spare keycard. This happens regularly, so.”
Sounds like something far beyond his paygrade, and his paygrade is stratospheric. “No, Sir.”
They’re next escorted to the back of the complex, either to the place they safeguard said proof, or to the shooting grounds. Tony chews on the inside of his cheeks as they walk. If they’re going to be executed, yeah, this one is on him. To his surprise, they are lead into a smaller standalone cabin that smells strongly of disinfectant, it reminds him more of a hospital ward than a fort.
“More than you can imagine.”
Whoever he used to be, the guy he is now, he’s not the kind you save. He’s the kind you stop.”
“Homeland Security is investigating the hijacking of national airwaves and illegal broadcasting of the video. Preliminary reports implicate a terrorist faction known only as ‘the Mandarin’. Nothing much is known about him, only his intentions, that is, to ‘teach America a lesson’.”
“I don’t even know where these people are,” Tony bites out bitterly. “I have names, but not coordinates or e-mail addresses or phone numbers! Not until Insight goes online and engages the Maps or social media, there’s no way to tell. By the time we could, it would’ve been too late.”
, lining this one corridor that, according to the signage, leads to the operation theatre.
“The regulations affect the team. I value your insight, Tony.”
Tony’s goofy grin withers. “He was part of the Howling Commando?”
“Tony, hey?”
“Shall I open the door?”
. “About time I pay the kids a visit at the Tower.” But, Steve is still troubled. The lines in his forehead speak volume. “Something else on you mind?” With Steve, it’s like playing a really, really tough charade. “Is this about the mission?”
Already in the pipeline.
“… Yeah. As a matter of fact, we’re just about to go out, get some Chinese. He’s in the washroom, some big business he’s doing there.” Rhodey chuckles nervously. “I guess he’ll have to call you back later, if you want to speak with him, that is.”
Hello world! It’s good to be back!
in his soup. They have been his home and family, as much as it has been to Tony as well. Tony Stark. The man who has everything, and nothing. The spanner in the works who Steve – and Fury – once worried would single-handedly drive the Initiative into the ground.
Tony offers to drive this time, and JARVIS finds them an unfortunate TV van parked outside a community hall hosting – according to the glitzy banner hung outside – the county’s biannual beauty pageant.
to store data. They’re what people call the ancestors of modern computers. “Electronic Numerical Integrator and Calculator. Probably weighs thirty tonnes, uses more than eighteen thousand vacuum tubes.” He waves at a jumble of patch cords and some three thousand switches beside them. “Fun fact. ENIAC might’ve started it all, but I’m betting SHIELD was loaded enough to invest in second or third gens. I heard Dad mentioning a MANIAC once. Oh, it
He’s swallowing saltwater as he yells at
away from death when Tony finally reached him. He picked up where Barnes left. Kept up with the CPR until the ambulance found them on the muddy bank of the Potomac. Tony had never been more afraid of death in that instance. Afghanistan, Obadiah Stane, the palladium poisoning… they had nothing on losing Steve.
“No one’s here.” The floor of the truck sinks a little as they both clamber into it. The workstation on their left is turned on, so it might not be as abandoned as Tony thinks it is. “It’s gonna be quick. I hope.
He tries the door – unlocked, it’s
And that’s all Steve needs. He eases a finger in, praying that the Extremis would leave his digit alone. It’s warm, so very warm that it’s almost feverish. But, he keeps at it, loosening the muscles as much as he could while knowing full-well even with this half-baked preparation, it
The light isn’t in his chest anymore. Just, tonnes of fibrous tissue.
“Mr Stark.”
And “wrong” comes in the form of “The Goblin” – a moniker that has Steve’s eyebrow twitch during briefing. Some guy with a questionable fashion sense, all decked in a hideous lime-green mask and combat flak jacket has threatened to blow up a bank in exchange for “information”. A run-of-the-mill robbery case it is
The possibility of SHIELD being the disease
But Tony stays put, even when Steve stops padding around the room in search for an excuse to afford Tony some privacy. No amount of towel adjusting can hide his raging erection, and he’s not sure if he’s ready to acknowledge the fact that a man’s touch is enough to send all the blood gushing to his downstairs brain.
“You’re not yourself. Get off me.”
someone in his house.
He groans, which is English for yes, he copies.
“Where’s the God Emperor?” Clint asks between spoonful of chocolatey decadence.
Then, Tony paws him about his shoulder, pulling him in –
Walls. More walls Tony has built to hide behind.
engage with Fury’s assailant. He pities that SOB. Coming to blows with a super-soldier probably wasn’t on the original menu.
your fault. None of this is!”
“Where did you get the money? My bank accounts have been frozen.”
“You suspect Pierce the mastermind?”
“Would you like me to make an appointment with Colonel Fury, Sir?”
The first word out of Tony’s mouth is a cuss. And it’s completely justified. He’s been to Hell and back, multiple times in the span of a week, so fuckity fuck, if spewing vulgarities helps him feel better, he will.
“Still alive?”
“Oh…”
“Let me see. Flame on!”
“I don’t know. There’s rubble everywhere. I – it happened so fast. Tony jumped onto the guy and the ceilings came down. I don’t know if – I don’t know. We need the medic!”
“We’ll be fine,” Tony reiterates, and pats Steve reassuringly on his chest. “They’re not looking for us
Steve’s eyes flutter when a roughened palm close around their heads. Calluses that are proof of Tony’s genius and diligence, slogging away at his engines and bots since he was four. More litter his body – Steve is running his thumb along one, a gash that runs from Tony’s breast to his stomach – and there’s a mesh of something worse around his heart.
pressing into Steve’s lips. All the missed chances, those lost years – they make sure this count. Foreheads now resting against one another, they bask in each other’s company.
Great.
“I don’t know, Tony.”
that he doesn’t get. Never seen before, in fact. Either it’s superbly advanced at the time of writing – time stamp says it was last accessed just two weeks ago – or deserves a special pedestal in the local museum. This won’t work. If he can’t read it, he can’t crack it. He
Steve plucks the keys out of ignition and frisks Tony’s legs for that pocket he swears should be around here –
“Flattering. But, I can’t up and go at a moment’s notice. I’ll check my schedule, hit me again in an hour.”
it was accessed. It’s a fourteen-hour drive from Tennessee to Wheaton, New Jersey, a pilgrimage they must undertake. But, the actual journey will realistically take much longer. By lunchtime, they’re running low on gas and potable water, and twice, Steve blinked too long that cars appeared out of nowhere by the time he opened his eyes.
Steve wants to pull away, but Tony is beginning to pant, and he’s backing himself
“Mr Stark,” Steve makes a beeline for them, and Tony acknowledges him with an annoyed glance. “We were wondering where you might be.”
know to what bitter end Pepper will go to put out Tony’s fires. Lady has done it for half the time of her burgeoning career – which is spectacular, by all means – so Steve next dials Rhodey’s cell phone.
“Yeah, why won’t I be?”
“… So did I.” Steve trudges to the gates and makes quick work of the locks and chains. “This camp is where I was trained.”
“What? Something on my face?”
should he continue to peruse his mobile devices while driving is up by twenty-three-fold. Nothing he can do about – his alert log is scrolling like a marquee. It’s cramming the RAM with a seamless influx of mostly threats to have him removed from SI unless he reinstates all contracts with SHIELD.
“Do you agree with Nick? With SHIELD?” Steve finally asks. He has to know.
He indulges in Pepper’s laughter, as fluffy as freshly whipped omelette. He really needs to do better. He’s probably the cause of most of her ulcers.
, afraid that it would trigger the fire alarm – or more importantly, he didn’t want Steve’s dick well done. So, it hurt, of course it did. Steve sat beside him, sympathising in silence as Tony’s eyes glazed over, body somewhat hunched over a stack of pillows. “Worth it,” he chuckled, before he shooed Steve into the bathroom.
“I ruined that night for you both. Accept this do-over as my apology.”
Tony is truly an enigma wrapped in a taco of mystery. To put things into perspectives, Steve has fought with the best of men, shared bunks and bled and
“Yeah, we’re rolling out in thirty. Thought of grabbing something to eat in the meantime. Mr Stark.”
Pepper has the superpower of making him feel like a freaking
The elevator pings and he steps out of it first, Pepper hot on his heels. “A contract with SHIELD is not like with the military.”
Next thing he knows, the front of his shirt is sliced apart, methodically until its useless scraps on the floor. His torso is bared, and the arc reactor shines brilliantly between them. If they can’t get to his suits, the arc reactor makes a great consolation prize. But that isn’t enough. The man makes quick work of his belt, undoes the button at his waistband and
“Great. What’s your name?”
The second time he’s sent cartwheeling through the sky, his flight command goes off for good, and he’s a certified dead stick shooting for the ground. His death-defying screams have nothing on the chaotic rush of air that his body is tearing through. He pulls the lever that’s pressing against his thigh, activating the manual release protocol. His suit folds by the seam and –
The more Tony seems to enjoy himself, the twitchier Steve gets. Tony, for his part has been gracious enough not to invoke physical contacts with Steve in any ways. He keeps to his half of the car, and hell, somewhere between a jerk of his hip and a guttural groan, has stopped paying any attention to Steve at all. His hisses grow quieter, his attention only on Milos. The invisible wall between them and Steve grows thicker by the inch, and it feels like a breach of privacy sitting here, pretending that this doesn’t bother him.
It’ll be quick. Messy, but quick. He’s
Maybe then Steve will wake up.
Natasha coughs lightly into her fist. “Well, that’s… adorable. Happy honeymoon, I guess?”
Pepper notwithstanding, Tony cowers before nobody else. Confidence and
“Cut off one head, two more shall take its place.”
Steve isn’t all that interested in this silly exhibition to begin with, but he loves watching Tony and his ego squirm.
“It’s taking advantage of this CNN-bullshit and vying for the public’s sympathy, to sway Congress to our agendas.”
There’s a beat on Tony’s side, before he says, “I have some theories, too. We should compare notes. I’ll see you, Steve. Stay out of trouble.”
And it’s over in four minutes. Like a fucking teenager, he empties his load into Steve’s palm in agonising silence – shoot him if he yodels like a bitch, even if the best night he had with a Barbara-what’s-her-face one Valentine’s can’t hold a candle to this. He should’ve kept his cool and macho and thank Steve for his service like a champ, but instead he finds his butt stuck to the massage bed, not quite knowing what to say or do.
“Thank you.” And, honesty. Steve doesn’t need to hear them, he knows the Chitauri has been haunting Tony since. “Thank you, Tony. I appreciate that. But it won’t change my decision about leaving the team.”
Something inside Steve snaps and he grips Tony by his shoulder, preventing him from walking away from such callous accusation. Tony’s reaction’s a given – he slaps away Steve’s offending hand and glares at him hard. But, just as suddenly as the temper flared, it ebbs. “I… this isn’t the best place to hang. I’m –” he clears his throat, and forces a quick smile. “Shall we go?”
“I have his blood on my hands, Tony.” As he utters those words, his throat constricts and he digs the heel of his palm into his eyes. “It’s been seventy years, but I remember it as though it was yesterday. He was dangling off the side of the train, and I was there. I was… so close. I know if he were here, he would say, there was nothing I could’ve done. And it was
“… Aren’t I enough?” He hates how his voice cracked. Steve’s shoulders stiffened, and he regrets ever asking it.
on the flat side of Tony’s stomach. He remembered a parade from his time, and the marching beat that his God-awful drill commander used to scream at them as they huffed and puffed under the scorching midday sun.
“Where will it be most accessible by the public?”
“Meaning?”
Tony has fallen asleep sometime after they passed Baltimore. Steve turns off the radio, and raises the indoor temperature. The jumpsuit doesn’t offer much protection against the elements.
huh? Can you blame Ross for wanting to lock me up someplace so I don’t accidentally
Tony scoots lower until he’s suddenly sitting atop Steve’s crotch, and he gyrates his hip, his hardened bulge rubbing against Steve’s. “Oh, someone’s interested?”
“I don’t care. He killed my Mom.”
Well, this
Their line of vision cuts off as Steve raises his shield, blocking a barrage of bullets spraying at them. Yeah, they are cornered. Idiot.
Coming to San Diego has been a rite of passage for Tony. A pilgrimage for his soul that ends up with him questioning every fibre of his being. It’s unravelling even the more tangible aspect of it – his career, his potential and value – which isn’t great for self-esteem. It’s his sixth day in the city, his sixth day in Pendry. He’s packing and leaving tomorrow after breakfast, without a single contract signed, sealed and delivered to his mother company in Boston.
“That metal arm. Its dexterity and strength is something I’ve never seen before, and I’m me. Is that prehensile prosthetics, interfacing with your own neuronal functions? Or very impressive body paint? Who made it? I’d love to offer them a job with my company. I can pull some strings.” The man reaches behind his waist and brandishes a butterfly knife. The blade zings when he flips it. “Or not.” Tony’s mouth begins to dry. “Don’t like small talks, huh? Fair enough. Let’s go straight to the elephant in the room. Why do you want Fury dead? Is it something personal? Which I can kind of relate. Or are you working for someone else?”
canvas portrait of Howard Stark mounted on the wall where the plaque “Stark Industries” used to be behind the receptionist. He eyeballs the work of art and estimates it to measure three stories high by the length of two Lamborghini.
“Hello, Mr Stark.”
Face still stuffed, Tony shakes his head, so Steve leaves to foot the bill. The journey back to Tony’s room and Steve’s trolley is remarkably chatter-free. Being stuck in the elevator together – alone – for all of ten seconds feels intoxicating. It’s inexplicable, and Tony is quick to blame his hormone going wackadoo on stress. After he gets fired – it’s inevitable, at this rate – he’s immersing himself in iniquity and rewriting the Kama Sutra for pocket money.
“You do this a lot, Milos?”
“Shit.”
“I don’t know.”
is a real issue, darling.
Tony fastens his sash around his waist, scoops his clothes in one arm and bolts. His limp dick slaps back and forth between his thighs, disgustingly slick inside his paper shorts. A sodden memory of him –
December may not start off as well as he thinks, beginning from the multiple eyebrow raises, deer in the headlight looks he keeps getting as he makes his way to the staff kitchen. There’s one at the end of forty-fifth storey which is meant for the Avengers’ personal use, but he enjoys having his meals with some company. This is hardly the first time Captain America has wandered the commoners’ floor to get himself breakfast for a champion, so he greets every passing employee with a courteous “Good morning!” and eventually, “Is there something on my face? What is it?”
“… Is this a trick question?” The blade presses deeper into his flesh, and he hurriedly replies, “My house. We’re in,” he swallows again with more difficulty, there’s a growing lump in his throat, “my workshop. My garage.”
Majestic. Ultra-modern. Opulent. The Stark Tower, ladies and gentlemen – renamed Avengers after Tony gifted it to the Initiative. And he never asked for anything in return, neither rental nor a
“… Yes. Might as well.” Fury owes him an explanation on the repulsor engines, at the very least. He didn’t say SHIELD could use them to fly three murderous Helicarriers until kingdom come. Stark Industries didn’t sign up to be part of a Nazi-like, eugenic, holier-than-thou –
a MANIAC.” Tony points at a faded sticker. “See?”
He’s sorry that he has to leave Steve in DC to hold down the fort, but he’s needed in Malibu. Guarded by the watchful eyes of three dozen Iron Man armours, all combat ready when he says so are the most dangerous of his possessions – his private servers. He’s thrashing them. Grinding every plastic piece to dust, embed them in cement and launch them into space. SHIELD wants a piece of his tech for Insight?
Descending from his adrenaline high, Tony slumps onto the floor, chest heaving, mouth swollen and ruddy. Steve truly worked him over, and Tony being Tony, musters just enough strength to flip Steve the bird.
has, and the tension is thick enough for Steve to crack with his shield. He applies salve generously over the blemish, and Tony holds both arm and tongue still. The sooner they get this done and over with, the better.
Steve’s makes for his shoulder, but he suddenly retracts. “Out of the car. Now.”
– in his robotic grasp. “This will fix you, Tony Stark.”
Night is closing in. It isn’t safe out here, and the wide openness is treacherous. Steve scoops Tony up and ventures into the shed, hoping that there’s at least one good corner that won’t suck worse than the general goings of the day.
“Will soap damage this?” he taps on the metal housing with his fingernail.
stick in the confinement of his pants. But Steve doesn’t want Tony anywhere close to it, and Tony seems more than happy to oblige. He wipes his soiled hands in the rumple of his shirt. “Is there gonna be a next time, Cap, because I’d like to carry tissue paper on my person if so.”
Steve finishes his food and waves them off. Unpredictability may be in Tony’s blood, but he’s not one to miss meetings, mini or landmarks. He’s disciplined to a militaria standard, wild and out-of-the-box when it’s required of him. Which is why Steve finds himself prowling the corridor of Tony’s private workshop, the one that is currently dark and quiet save for the background humming of idling machineries.
He supposes he can… blow Steve?
He comes into Tony’s mouth, and he’s
Super-soldier serum aside, Steve is one lucky son of a gun to have survived a drop onto the tarmac from a twenty-storey height. He hasn’t broken any bones – a hairline fracture or two in his left ulna, maybe – as far as he can tell by wiggling every body part in under two seconds. Get up, get up, get
“Hey, Pep… I’ve been thinking. Is there anything we can do about SHIELD?”
Tony is sitting cross-legged on the sheet-less mattress, his arms folded tightly across his chest. “You’re not arresting Pierce in front of the press, are you?”
“It’s not a kink, darling. I’ve got something on me I don’t want you to see.”
“This is a mistake, Steve. I shouldn’t be alive
A chink in the enemies’ armour, finally. Only… “I don’t have my art supplies.”
Lordy, I think I need *one* more chapter. And the cheese is thick in this one *sigh*
“Steve! It’s me, come on! Wake up!”
He stops abruptly, the one visible eye narrowing and says, “Do I want to know?”
He lets himself in, and finds Tony slowly rousing from the couch facing a floor-to-ceiling window. He’s wearing some sort of ultra-modern glasses, every aspect of it is transparent, and there are blue lines running across the eyepieces. Chic, but unfortunately does nothing to hide the wearer’s hammered profile. He takes one good look at Steve where he’s seated and yawns once more, long and wide.
To that, they exchange knowing smiles, as Tony waves them off and continues his way up the steps.
He charges into the fray. He doesn’t think it, his legs just moved. He picked up the shield and spots Steve half-slumped against the side of a dented bus. The assassin has his gun trained on Steve’s head –
“This isn’t right, Tony.”
“I’ve had them for a while. After the Chitauri attack, after… the whole flying out of a wormhole thing. I can’t sleep. When I do, I dream. I see you,
“Zola’s algorithms are online.”
It’s been an honour.
this, Stark! Do you have any idea –
“Mr Stark? Good afternoon, I’m Steve, the masseur attending to you this session.”
Steve does not miss the fleeting pause in Tony’s gait as he crawls on his knees towards the backseat. “Lie down.”
A wry smile grows on Steve’s lips, like a bullet through Tony’s heart. “What do you think happened?” Ross calls him a man of the future. A man of science. He’s the engineer, the mechanic, the scientist. He builds things, but being
eager cock, “into Slot B.” And he folds himself by the waist as much as his early-forties body can allow. “Go to town.”
For a motormouth, Tony is an inexplicably quiet lover. The closer and needier he gets, the stiller he is. Every muscle on his frame tenses like a coil wound tightly.
“Legal is pouring over the final details of the contract. I’ll call you when it’s ready.”
The command prompt loads up fine. It’s the
“That’s for your eyes only, no?”
“Man with a Plan, my foot –”
have a kink? It’s good to be reborn into this century. We got all sorts of crazies for you to explore.” Steve nudges at him to go on, rocking gently into Tony. Fingers slide closer to the base to close around their sacs, and Steve’s cheek careens against Tony’s temple.
“… Was it a mistake? Did you regret it?”
What has he done for Pepper to believe him so completely? As she walks him to the door, he wants to shake her hands, hug her, cherish her, apologise for being such a dick to her and swear he’ll bring something nice for her birthday. Something Jeff Koon. Something like a giant rabbit with boobs. True enough, an hour after that, she circulates a memo – what must be the first of many – announcing the decision amongst the C-suite. He parks himself in his private workshop and eyes the phone for a good five-minute, and after ten has passed, he receives a grand total of
“… The Avengers are set up for unconceivable threats. The Chi –”
“… Yeah.”
“Where is Steve Rogers?” There’s an unscratchable itch in his diaphragm, but he dares not cough. The fingers against his scalp tug harder, and the man leans in. Tony endures that ghastly breath against his face.
Steve’s laughter is unbridled, and Tony misses having company in the mansion. There’s too much space for one man to prattle around. Ever since Steve returned to SHIELD to do Fury’s bidding, and ever since he completely relinquished his autonomy on Stark Industries, he returns to the basics and does what he does best, tinker. Pepper is thinking about making him CTO – so that means he’s very likely to be in the thick of things soon – but does he want to? Some time to himself isn’t so bad. He needs rest. Steve always says he needs to rest.
“Tony!”
“Call it off, Cap,” a familiar static cut across Steve’s comm line. “I detect multiple sets of piezoelectric sensors planted by the entrances and exits, and uh, windows, too. My best guess, one misstep and it’ll blow.”
“Anything’s fine. Thank you.” Steve closes the shower screen again, and continues to shower. When did things get so domestic between them?
He’s been driving southwest non-stop for five hours and finally takes the exit into Lee Highway to stop for gas and food. Despite being the hottest bachelor-cum-fugitive in town, he hasn’t been stopped even once on his journey. No roadblocks for him to bullshit his way out of. He knows SHIELD would stop at nothing to bring him in – probably not fussy about the dead-or-alive matter either. He parks his car near a park and keeps to himself, eyes toeing the cracks in the cement walkway. Where it gets brighter – more public areas, so more crowded – he raises his hoodie and continues to mind his own business. What must be the highlight of his evening is when he walks past a Sony showroom and a row of the latest Bravia screens. Each one is projecting his mugshot and a banner “Fugitive on the run” below it. He’s on nearly every national news channel, and Fox is
“It’s OK. Delayed effects, it’ll work in an hour. Anyway, I’ve just decided to spend some time in New York. I’ve got a bunch of new prototypes to test in the range, and I bet those aeronautics guys are dying to show us their demo.”
Are we clear?”
“Start tight and go wide, stamp in time. Mark 42 autonomous prehensile propulsion suit test. Initialise sequence.”
There are worse ways to go than in a burst of fireworks. Sparks shooting from his ears, maybe. The end of times.
Steve emerges thoroughly wet and naked, and he pads across the bathroom to join Tony by the sink. Somehow, he’s managed to tie a small towel around his waist to upkeep his modesty. An unnecessary effort, to be honest. “An Agent abandoned post to mess around with the computers in the engine room.”
“Mark 42. You like it?”
“Oh hey, no, no. This thing is
“He’s
at digging up information – researching – and their technology in this regard is a
, Steve!”
“Fire at will!”
“Hey, Cap,” Tony greets as he walks past. He doesn’t wait for Steve’s reply.
There are
“Ma’am, may I have a moment of privacy with Mr Stark?”
Feels just a little
? Steve counts six strangers fist-bumping him and one actually screamed, “I knew it!”, his breath fogging up between their faces. Steve promptly looks up in the sky in case there are three giant moons hanging or something, because this
“I can pick the kids up at four. There’ll be meatballs ready when you come home.”
“Tony, I mean –”
“You can’t undo this once it’s out there, Steve. It’s a one-way –”
Steve admits, the odds are pretty much stacked against them. They have zero visuals since the circus is largely confined to the basement. Heat sensors aren’t effective. Snipers like Clint are as useful as a third nipple. Only Iron Man is equipped with the means to detect the piezo
Steve cocks an eyebrow, comprehension dawns on him like a tonne of brick. “This is a bit extreme, don’t you think?”
A heavy pound on the door sends it rattling in its frame. Once, twice! Wood dust snows onto the floor. The shadow moves again from under the door gap.
“Hey, Cap!” Tony spots Steve huddled in a corner, a megawatt grin plastered over his stupid face. “They want your autograph next to mine. C’mere!”
Tony does jerk away at that point, and Steve accedes. His touches mellow out, and he goes nowhere close to those red-alert zones. Tony’s calves and ankles might be mewling with joy, but the half-rigid mass pressed between his lower abdomen and the bed is every bit disappointed.
“On the contrary. It’s biometrics guarded. Yours just happened to be on the list of to-approve people –” A sharp hiss from Tony stops Steve dead in his track, and he looks down, realising belatedly that he’s still squeezing the life out of Tony’s hand it’s about to go gangrenous. A bruise has already formed inches above of where Steve’s fingers are curled protectively around Tony’s forearm.
“Nope.” Tony leans back against his desk, and crosses his arms over his chest. “Everything in here is top secret. Only Pepper and Rhodey are allowed in,
“Tony, I… if I may? Can we visit their graves?”
“Tony!”
His chair creaks as he leans into it. “Why am I getting this vibe that you’re on
“Update us both on the Mandarin when something new crops up.”
“Agents, get the locks.”
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Fortunately, Tony is well-learned in the art of dual-wielding fishing rods, so.
than fine.” Tony grabs the hardened shaft and gives it a tug, and Steve stops fighting in his bondage. Even the sacs are irresistibly taut. Fret not then, for all this backlogged frustration will be masterfully handled.
“I know Obie, you tried to pitch this same load of garbage at me last time.” Tony faced Obadiah fully, showing his fierce stance to the older man. “I’m not going over to Afghanistan, that’s final. Hogan got word of another gang rolling in outside of Manhattan. I’m not going to risk all that I’ve worked for here just to maybe raise some worthless stock prices.” The younger took a seat at his desk, staring at Obadiah openly before throwing a hand through the air, dismissing him. “Go. If this is all you wanted to talk with me about have Jarvis record it and I’ll play it on a loop whenever I want to be put in a pissed mood.” With that Tony turned away from Obadiah, nearly breathing out a sigh of relief when he heard the door shut behind the male.
Bruce shrugged. “We know you inside and out. I would have hoped you wouldn’t doubt us by this point.” Tony smirked and shook his head. “But either way… A truce? I wasn’t too sure about it when you first mentioned it Tones, but thinking about it makes sense. The Irish Mob isn’t all that bad, plus they are loyal. The Captain keeps a tight ship and doesn’t typically allow people in unless he knows that they can be trusted.” Bruce rubbed his hands nervously. “Have you set up a meeting with the Captain?”
Now they were parked on 32nd, twiddling their thumbs until they were sure that they weren’t going to be jumped by any more cops. “Next time, I’m bringing Natasha along,” Bucky muttered, using his knife to cut some of the calluses from his hands.
The Merchant is chaos.
His back straightened before he graced Steve with an answer. “Went off to war. Thought I might see what they were talking about with those brave men giving up their lives for ours.”
“How long till Barnes is back?” Steve turned around to look at Sitwell. His back was ramrod straight, almost too military like.
But the boy was done talking, his eyes finally left Steve’s to take in everyone else around him. The kid couldn’t have been more than 15 at the most. It didn’t sit well with Steve that the kid was so young and obviously deprived of the nourishment that was required for a kid his age.
The CEO clapped his hands together, “Great! Well, I’m glad that we could come to that understanding. I would have hated to call security over something as trivial as a name.” The tension was still there but was dissipating the longer that Tony just smiled. When Grant relaxed Tony rose to his feet once more. “What brought you into my office today? I may not be my father, but any old partners he had in the past I’m willing to listen to if their pitch is good.”
“Something like that.” Bucky wandered further into their makeshift gym. Taking hold of the other side of the bag, grunting slightly from Steve’s rough punches. “His son has taken over the family business, and I’m not quite sure if that means he’s taken over… the other business as well. That Merchant of Death might be who’s taken over the Italian mob. I couldn’t tell with this guy.”
I finished it and I it's just...
“Thor forbids it? What’s up with that?” Steve sighed
The next update will be this Saturday.
“Can’t escape if I’m dead.” He muttered, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “I need supplies.” He murmured and grabbed some paper from the nearby table and a pencil.
The CEO grinned slightly. “Thank you, Obie. I can always count on you.” The man smiled at that and looked away. Tony allowed his chest to release the odd tension that was there. With that Obie got to his feet, walking around the piano to sit down close to Tony. There were at least a good three or four feet between them, but Tony still felt like his hair was standing on end.
“You can talk with me, Tony, you know that.” Tony did know that. His entire friendship with Bruce was centered around trust and talking with one another about anything. When Tony had first found out about Bruce Banner it had been at a convention with other scientists from around the globe. He could recall Bruce’s work on Gamma Radiation, and how thorough and amazing that it was to him. It was really what had sparked their quick friendship in the first place. Tony thought it wasn’t possible for him to connect with one person so well, but low and behold a lonely Bruce Banner made his way to his heart and his family here in Manhattan.
” Tony went through whom he remembered was a part of the Irish Mob.
Leave kudos and comments for previous chapters....
When they were finally all out Tony was walked towards the warehouse. He glanced around him but didn’t really take in much at first glance. Inside Tony felt all eyes zero in on him. He grinned.
“You wouldn’t last a week without me.” Tony snapped his head towards her. She was confident, fingers still flying over her device with a small smile forming on her face.
He ticked his tongue before turning back to the screen that held Pepper’s face. “Pepper, just tell them that it’s important company business. They’ll understand that, right?”
Barnes looked around the bag, letting it swing when Steve took a break for water. “Does this son have a name?”
“Can’t or won’t. Afraid of us,
Steve felt powerful with the air that they seemed to generate. It was as if they were one body, all sharing one heart that pounded as a unit. Before long they stood outside of a warehouse on the outskirts of Manhattan. “Barton check the perimeter while we move inside.” Clint nodded to his boss and disappeared into the shadows. Steve and the others went off into the building, setting down bags and equipment where they would need to be.
Helicopter…
Slowly, as if time were moving at a rate that allowed Tony some solace of relief, he fell to Steve’s side. The larger man’s body was covered in burned skin marks, tattered clothing, and ash. Tony thought it was fitting for Steve to be asleep, at least he wouldn’t be awake to hear Tony scream once the flames finally consumed him. Tony thought that Steve might get lucky. He’d inhale so much smoke that he would die from it before the flames took over him. It would be a better death than the one that Tony was going to have. The billionaire pushed away some of the hair on Steve’s face. “You were a good man Rogers… Wish you could have said the same for me… In the end, I’m glad that I at least got to get through some of this with you.” Tony’s hand fell from Steve’s face to his chest. “Till the end of the line, huh? Bet you’ll wish that you never told me that.”
Tony paused for a second, deleted the last line and sent it to Obie. There was a small churn in his stomach when he got an email back a little bit later, but Tony ignored the feeling for the most part.
Tony latched onto Steve’s heavy form, dragging it a few feet before having to cough from the smoke. The warehouse was up in flames and starting to bring the building down on top of them should Tony keep them there any longer. “Steve, I swear to God that if you don’t wake up after this I will be royally pissed at you.” Tony took off his jacket then and took a few breaths beneath it before trying to grab hold of the bigger man once again.
“You don’t know that. Tony Stark is a brilliant man, he’s made billions on weaponry and high-tech for the military and his own mob. I just don’t doubt his ability to create a tracking device to put on all of his members.” Bucky walked away, following Thor through the narrow doorway. Steve huffed and leaned back against the wall. He didn’t know what Tony had done to Bucky, what spooked him so badly, but Steve was hoping to find out soon.
Tony coughed up more of the water as Yinsen patted his back to expel more of the water from his lungs. He really hated terrorists. “You finally agreed?” Yinsen asked, finally sitting back and staring at Tony. The CEO nodded but didn’t stop scowling.
Steve is worried about his spider boy.
“You worry too much, Obie. I wasn’t giving away anything-”
That last part was practically yelled into Tony’s speakers, but it was muted for the most part by Loki’s teeth.
“What’s your name son?” Steve asked, though noting how everyone seemed to press in when he asked. They didn’t take strangers lightly, and especially not right now.
This is a disgrace to all things that are Marvel.
Peter was shaking as the entire ordeal was going down, but it wasn’t so obvious unless you were looking for it. “You don’t have to worry Peter, I won’t let anything happen to you.” Steve smiled and offered a hand to the kid. Peter took it, tentatively and rose so that he could see everyone in the room once more. “Romanov will see to it that you are looked after. I have other business to take care of.” With that Steve let Natasha step and guide Peter away from the scene.
Stevie is a little worse for wear.
The CEO stood back up, glancing back over to the man that was still with his men.
Greek mythology aside Steve knew that this was a vulnerability for Natasha. She didn’t make herself seem weak, she didn’t allow emotions through. Bucky had joked that it was because she was Russian and that most of them acted cold. But now Steve was certain that this was bad, and it would likely get worse. “We’ll storm Hell then and take it by force.”
“The Irish Mob isn’t something to sniff at. I don’t want to risk them hurting you. I have to go back to base tomorrow morning, but I’ll stop back by again before I head out.” Rhodey glanced back at Tony, his eyes like steel when he caught the CEO’s eyes. “Don’t do anything too brash while I’m gone. I promise that I’ll help you with this Tony.”
“Say what you will, anyone that sees you and doesn’t make some sort of move to try and bed you would be an insult. To you and all of America.” Tony shrugged before sitting down, propping his feet up on his desk without much of a care.
Tony’s thought process finally caught up with him. “Son of a b&$^@.” He snapped the file shut with anger, curling it in his fist before releasing. “He walked in without my knowledge of who he was.” Pepper seemed to shift uncomfortably from side to side, waiting. On soft feet, Tony walked around his desk to pull up his private server. There he typed in all the search codes that would take him to the file. The Irish Mob file.
Tony flashed around, shocked at the sudden noises coming from the door. Jumbles of noises and voices carried through the thick steel door, and Yinsen’s replies were just as jumbled in Tony’s ears. “What, what are they saying?”
Natasha was the one to drag the kid out eventually, but she thought he’d done what he needed to. Tony, the Merchant, was staring blankly at the door now. Steve was observing him from the double-sided window. Out of respect, everyone had given the kid privacy, but the moment the speakers turned on again Natasha grabbed Peter out of that room. She didn’t trust Stark. Tied up or untied. She had heard all of the stories about the man, what he was capable of.
Tony was starting to wonder if Yinsen’s voice was going to come back. Good to know he was still there to offer his words of wisdom.
Or does he?
“Peter is the same age that I was… When the red room decided to use me.” Bucky stiffened but didn’t speak. He knew the red room, had talked with Natasha about it several times. It was not usual for Natasha to talk about it so casually.
“Obadiah has meetings overseas, in your Hong Kong branch if I remember this right.” She glanced at the tablet a moment before making a noise, “Tck, looks like I was right. So that leaves you to talk with them. Don’t disappoint me, Tony. I expect you to be on time.” Pepper put the tablet down at her side and smiled at Tony for a moment. “I was also told by Bruce that he plans to travel back with Obadiah. He’ll be here within a week and he sends word that he looks forward to seeing you again.”
He’d made men fall to their knees and beg for mercy. Tony knew how to bride and flirt his way out of a situation and back fire it on them before they realized what had happened. He was the chaos that no one could control. The swipe of a few keys and Tony had control of the grid. A few calls and all important political figures were his lives to control.
Tony knew that but he could at least protect his world, couldn’t he? “We need you to come with us. A few things need to be discussed.”
“I hope that this truce can be to both our benefit’s Mr. Stark.” Tony nodded, standing and offering a hand to Steve. Natasha hadn’t been keen on releasing Tony’s hands, but Steve had insisted that he didn’t want to have a truce meeting if the man was being held down.
“I think you’re confusing me with someone else. I don’t just go out and kill-”
“Same as always. What about you? I haven’t heard from you since I went out of the US of A.” There were some garbled noises on the other side of the line until Tony heard his friend once more.
JARVIS had already pulled up some of his emails that needed to be looked at, even pulled up some information of some of the family that Tony hadn’t seen in a while. All of the tabs that Tony kept open were starting to rise at an alarming rate until he heard the lab doors open to reveal Pepper. Tony waved in her direction but kept his eyes on the screens. Pepper walked over to her boss with determined steps and flicked her fingers over her stark pad every once in a while. Tony wasn’t entirely sure that some of what she was doing weren't just for show. She more than likely had in mind what she was going to say to him ready before she’d even entered the elevator.
Along with a thought of unpredictable nature. He seemed too eager to pull a trigger, too mouth-watering unsated for the likelihood that there would be bloodshed should he give the order. Steve nearly felt the need for himself to pull out his revolver from his waistband in the back of his trousers. When they stopped, five feet between them, he heard the man give a small cackle. “Interesting. You don’t know who I am, do you?”
Yinsen didn’t call him by his name. “TO-Y!” His eyes flashed open. Tony was holding on to the hands of Bruce, who had his hands clenched into Tony’s shirt. He stared between them, looking back and forth between Bruce and their hands. “Tony…” The gentleness of the words caught Tony’s attention. Bruce seemed sad. “This is real Tony, you aren’t in Afghanistan.” Tony’s grip became harder. “I promise, Tony. You’re home.” They released one another, and Tony glanced around. The lab was the same, though their chairs were toppled over now. Bruce must have grabbed him to keep him from falling. Tony rubbed at his chest. It hurt, and it felt hard to breathe. “Loki’s supposed to be coming by later. There were some people doing small business on the docks, wanted your input about what to do about them.”
Uncontrollable chaos.
“A kid without a home. A kid who burns buildings as a means to ridding himself of problems. A kid who cried when his first family died and stopped cry after he left the second. Tell me,
Tony smirked.
” Loki’s voice was full of venom, the same venom that Tony remembered from the first time that Tony had met the man.
Some of the board members exchanged glances. Tony should have brought a coffee mug with him. He glanced to the coaster. Oh… He had. “Mr. Stark, we think that making a deal with some of the veterans overseas might help our stock prices. We believe that if maybe you were to give a live demonstration to them that they would be more willing to make a deal with us.”
“I didn’t realize.”
-Septic
Natasha lost the conversation after the door shut behind them. There was a pit in the bottom of her stomach but she ignored it. Instead, she left the observation room and walked out. She followed her captain before sliding into a different room when Steve went to look behind him. When she didn’t hear Steve call after her Natasha called it safe and determined that she might go after him again, but, “He knew you were following him you know.” Natasha looked over at Barnes, who was sharpening a knife on a block. He seemed more irritated than relaxed in her honest opinion.
“Intense dude.”
“Anthony Stark, though I prefer Tony. Or Mr. Stark will do. What can I do for you?” Vanko… Tony heard that last name before from his father. They were Russian. Tony walked over to where he kept his hollow projections and checked over his company files, nothing.
The tar pad went on for miles and Tony wondered what it had to be like to run across the entire thing. The thought of running wasn’t comfortable but to fly across it at alarming speeds was rather exciting. The plane that was touching down in the tar drew him away from his distracting thoughts, and an easy smile coming over his face. Once they were stopped Tony approached the stairway, throwing open his arms at the sight of Bruce emerging from the belly of the plane. “Brucey!” He could see the look of amusement and fondness come over Bruce’s face as he clambered down. They met into a tight hug by the time that Bruce reached him.
Vanko glanced back to Tony then back to Barnes. Bucky had a gun in hand ready, pointing it towards Vanko. It was impressive to Tony that the man could still look threatening with only one arm.
Vanko seemed to mirror Tony, though keeping at a distance. “There were some blueprints of a spec that my father started and gave to your father to look over. I’m afraid to say that your father died before he was able to give them back.” Tony scowled. He didn’t remember any specs in any of the mob folders. Private folder then?
“Get to you, sir. Thought that you’d want to hear what it is they gots to say.” The dock manager looked bored, used to this type of behavior. “Told him you’d be bloody pissed off, but he wouldn’t hear it. Bloke said that he’d even start writing it down if we cut out his tongue. He’s a rather big nuisance really.” Tony walked over to the body, glancing it over. He took in the man’s work shirt, the flannel, the blue jeans, heavy boots. The bullet wound had long since stopped bleeding, and the blood was clotted up creating a lump on the corpse's forehead.
Tony gets to see his friends! Some of them aren't that happy to see him though.
“You don’t have much of a choice.” This time it was Roger’s who spoke. Tony looked into the rest of the room and noticed that more members of the Irish mob were in the room now, two holding Pepper and Rhodey down, guns trained. Tony felt his heart nearly stop. The gun dropped.
” The Merchant’s stomach dropped at the sound of Loki’s voice. “
Steve knew. He did. But he’d thought that he could call on the aide of an old friend, someone who became like a mentor to him when he first showed some interest in mob business. “You didn’t answer my question.”
The Merchant doesn’t break.
Tony turned his chair around to face this man and saw the shock enter his face. The CEO quickly looked him over before sporting a grin that would seemingly split his face in half. “Not who you were expecting?”
” With that Obie ended the call and Tony felt as if he’d just been slapped in the face. What did Tony have to be worried for? The Irish Mob was ditching town, the Merchant would still be feared when he got back… He could actually go and do the demo without risking his reputation.
“That you were still trying to come to grips with what happened, that you were taking some time to yourself to… collect yourself. To… Better represent the company. Though do show up for the next meeting, they are getting a little antsy with you and me collectively.” Obie’s eyes flashed to Tony, who was watching him very carefully. There were several ways that Tony could phrase his next answer.
Tony itched the bottom of his feet and shrugged.
Early? Possibly... Because I've been writing this without much complication. Also, Panic! At the Disco is oddly good music to listen to while writing and editing.
For the better part of several years, Tony had kept tabs with them. What they stole, traded, borrowed. It was astonishing what they were able to get done in a day without batting an eyelash. He’d been impressed with them until bitterness set in and he’d given the observation of them to Hogan. He should have guessed that it was them when it was Happy to come and give the news of the gang’s movement. Except Happy had ignored telling him the small detail that they weren’t a gang… “A FLIPPIN MOB!” Tony’s fist suddenly came down on the top of the desk, rattling some of the picture frames that were there.
“Is that why?”
Hopefully, you'll get an update sooner rather than later.
Bucky shrugged. “You said something similar to that about Queens. Care to explain what makes this place worse?”
Clint held out a piece of paper, but it was Loki who grabbed the paper. “That won’t be enough,” Loki snarled, setting the paper down on a nearby table. Tony picked it up then and grinned. “Do you take us for charity? We don’t just give protection to just anyone.”
The CEO shook his head.
“No many do…” Bucky trailed off for a moment, eyes going distant a moment before coming back. “Steve didn’t want to take over the family for a long time. He only agreed to it after dad begged him on his death bed. After my old man died Steve had to figure out how to gain respect fast. The German mob or we call them Hydra, were starting to rise up in Brooklyn. Schmidt was their leader and it was Steve who took him down. Though there have been rumors about him resurfacing over there before we were forced out.” Peter stared at Bucky then.
Closing up and storing away the bags Steve wandered away from the small table to where he’d seen a figure slip in. “Romanov, what did you hear?” From the shadows, a skinny, red-headed woman emerged. Her eyes scanned over Steve before she started talking.
“I think Bruce is just homesick. I know that he wasn’t all that happy to be going on this research trip in the first place. He’d wanted to be here when the other gang showed up.” Tony knew that Pepper was right. Bruce got really antsy when Tony had told him that another gang was headed for Manhattan. He’d expressed to Tony several times that he wasn’t comfortable leaving Tony and the family behind while he was likely safer in the middle east.
Everyone around Steve was bustling around quickly. Checking out rooms and setting up all their computers as fast as they could. Bucky walked up next to Steve who was setting out maps and other files that he’d grabbed from their old base. “You’re sure that Hydra won’t find us here? I know that Schmidt is crazy and all that, but you know how smart the man is behind all of that.”
For the most part, Loki and Tony had hit it off after they stopped fighting each other. Tony thought that Loki was intelligent, and Loki thought Tony to be entertaining. They were hard to separate from one another as Tony used Loki for almost all undercover operations. “
He collapsed in his chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was heavy.
“You know, I appreciate updates. Those are still things that we do for one another.” Tony’s voice cut through the silence quickly, though not rising as he didn’t want to compromise Loki should he be in a situation that wasn’t good for him.
“The Ten Rings. They blew up your caravan and brought you here. Though I can’t say that I know what purpose they have for you… They don’t talk with me much.” Yinsen grinned at Tony with a sad grin. Tony didn’t want to think of the reason as to why. Instead, he rose shakily to his feet, grabbing the battery so that he could wander.
She was silent now, looking out the window but tensing as she felt the presence of another approach. Bucky coughed slightly when he drew closer and smiled. “Thought I heard someone down this way, how’s it going Tasha?” She swiveled around to look at Bucky. Her eyes, usually so distant in these moments, seemed to startle into a front and surface level knowing when she stared at the one-armed man. Steve would never understand the odd behavior that the two seemed to have around one another.
There was silence for a little while before Tony heard the familiar tells of silent breathing coming through the speakers.
This made Tony’s smile almost genuine. “Living under a rock? Or just not a fan of the New York Times? I’m Anthony Stark, CEO of Stark Industries, a registered genius, billionaire, philanthropist, and a good lay in bed if you want to give it a try.” Tony winked at him, nearly chuckled then the telling signs of blush started to come over his face. “But if that’s too long for you, Tony will suffice,” Tony cracked another smile, “though if you don’t want to tell me your name I’d gladly call you master this evening.”
Tony didn’t want to.
Shut up. Tony glanced back at Vanko who hadn’t moved his gun from Tony’ direction. Just fantastic.
“Only about once a month. It was worse after his tour, but I was starting to learn to handle my own attacks once he started to experience his. He hasn’t had it easy, but he’s got our support.” Peter nodded. At least Steve had that.
Tony looked up and waved to the American helicopter that flew over him. The smile that was plastered over his face was genuine. He threw a peace signal to them as they landed and fell to his knees.
Tony could feel the cold tone in the voice of the other. Loki was really pissed at him.
“We have a problem.”
Bucky was restless without Stark to confront. The Irish had tried to see what they could do to gain some ground with the Italian’s even without their leader in town, but they didn’t have much luck. Logan or as it was said on the street, Wolverine, didn’t let much trade happen between them and anyone else in the city. Wilson, or Deadpool, took down any of the Irish members who tried to sell anything. Steve was starting to become antsy as well when they were being attacked without any idea of who was sending out the dogs in the first place. “Could be one of his higher-ups. Wolverine and Deadpool look more like lackeys but I bet Stark trusts them to keep doing their job even without his direct order.” Clint sometimes said the thoughts of everyone in the room, even if no one really wanted them to be voiced.
“What are you going on about?”
“Who the heck are you?” He growled at the man who, if Steve could see his face, was grinning from ear to ear.
Prince to an unforgiving throne.
He glanced around the small area, snorting at the mediocre decorum that he was now residing. “Still in Afghanistan?” Tony asked, glancing at Yinsen, who nodded in confirmation. Tony shook his head.
The mental records that Tony kept of his father’s old deals sprang through his head. Opening and shutting file cabinets that had they been real would have collected spider webs in due time. “I’m assuming that your father’s name was Roger’s as well?”
Steve takes Tony back in, down the entire shaft, the tip swabbing against the inside of his cheek. It gets impossibly hotter by the second, and he works at it, up and down relentlessly. His finger creeps upward to the unguarded asshole –
Steve doesn’t answer, and waits for Tony to lock eyes with him. He needs to see it in those hazel irises himself. He needs to see that Tony is OK. And he gets more that he bargains for – Tony folds his arms across his chest, and smirks that playboy smirk like he’s
“We need – we need the doctor –”
calm down,” he pants. “I can’t
“I am sorry, Sir. We don’t have enough power to sustain flight. Brace for impact.”
“Confirm that.”
the best gag.”
“She’s six.”
He leaps to his feet and bounds towards the hangar, of which he has no idea where. He stops and looks around in frantic, and is pretty sure regardless that he should be heading for that circular building, its domelike rooftop already splitting into quarters. And a bullet catches him in his flank. It’s painful enough to bring tears to his eyes. He’s defenceless, a sitting duck for the slaughter.
Everybody and their mothers
Tony brought back to the Tower once upon a time raps on his side of the window, and waves.
Tony pummels on Steve’s window that’s been half wound down. “Steve! Open up!”
“Somebody wants to buy it.”
The floor-to-ceiling window on the northeast corner of the first-floor shatters as Tony blasts through it, the red-and-gold of his suit slips breaches perimeter swiftly.
“… Welcome back, Captain Rogers.”
Time seems to crawl after an early dinner, but it waits for no man. First thing that day before even his first cup of coffee, Tony calls the receptionist and almost swallows his tongue when a familiar voice answers it.
“A dead man.” A heat erupts in his guts when Steve flinches. “Your war buddy is an honest-to-God mass-murderer-for-hire. This isn’t revenge, Steve. This is justice. Can’t wash your hands off those blood. Ever.”
“Same guy who killed Nick. Metal arm. Like you said, fast, strong. I swear I broke a few ribs. I feel
the command room, hack Insight into smithereens and no one would be the wiser.
“At ease, Agents.” She steps aside as Steve and Tony emerge behind her. “Look who’s joining us.”
That sounds like crap just hit the fan, and they better hurry their asses over to New Jersey. “What happened?”
“Stark,” Steve jostles him firmly about the shoulder. “Wake up.”
He’ll sell his soul for some of that.
Steve places the phone face up on the table with a curt tap, and slides it towards Tony’s plate of waffle. “Bring the date up to Monday. We’re leaving for DC after lunch. That should put enough pressure on Briggs and her council. Cite the press conference for BARF as a reason.”
He doesn’t really know Tony.
“Sure.”
“Yeah? I can fix that.”
“Stopping Insight
“I have supplies. Are you hungry?” He doesn’t have to, but he holds Tony up by the arm as he steers them towards his car. “There’s water in the back.”
“Since Fury was hit by the Winter Soldier.”
“Are you surprised?” Steve presses lightly along Tony’s flank, checking for bruises. “This sort of thing happens all the time.”
“Drunk,” Steve adds helpfully.
Tossing Steve the keys, he asks, “Where do we meet up?”
“Just shut it down!”
surviving this. His only demand is “information”.
“That’s all for today, Mr Stark.”
“Will you hurt me?”
“Nick called for a meeting just now because their radars picked up some anomalies. You weren’t present.” He lets Tony’s jaws go, and backpedals from the cot. The peak in Tony’s pants is telling. Masochistic little shit, this one. “We’re going to the Triskelion.”
Before the punch connects with a nose, the mouth beneath it cries, “Don’t attack, Tony!” but too late, he can’t stop it. The flames disappear, but he’s still hot, and his body falls forward with the force of his attack. His assailant parries it, and with great skill pins him up against the side of the truck.
“No…”
no life in the eyes that rest blankly on Steve’s features. As if nothing computes, and Steve shifts his weight a little in his meek attempt to catch Tony’s attention. Against his instincts, he reaches out for Tony’s wrist, and gently coaches him back to reality. Clint himself is tense beside him, ready to pounce at the slightest evocation of recognition. Of aggressiveness? They know this well. They know what it means to be haunted by the bygones.
“So, you’ve digitalised your memories and dare I say, consciousness? They have this in the
Back in the claustrophobia of Steve’s stolen car, they survive fifteen minutes of intense silence before Steve cracks. “Shouldn’t have done that, Tony.”
Tony’s lips pursed, and he shakes his head. “Still the same. Hasn’t woken up. The doctor says anytime now, but.” Shockingly enough, the super-soldier serum doesn’t grant Steve invincibility. He was
“You’ll bleed out!”
They’ve run far enough along the highway that they’re on a flyover already? It’s a two-storey-high jump. “I’ll break my legs,” Tony deadpans, and launches another fireball over the bus.
They drop off Milos at the bus terminal – he insists so, despite Steve offering to drive him home – and even with only the two of them in the wide expanse of the car, Tony stays in the back. Their passive-aggressive ignorance breaks into a worrisome level that Steve sacrifices his ego and checks the rearview mirror. And a chill runs down his spine when he catches Tony’s hazel eyes peering back at him – unwavering,
Tony closed his eyes to the thought. His chest ached. “Out.” Tony opened his eyes to the order and noticed that they were finally stopped. The door was open next to him. He climbed out though not without a little shove from Barnes regardless.
“I promise, Honeybear.” With that, they shot off their goodbyes and Tony was left in silence. The movie was still paused.
creation. “After your father died, I… I thought that you wouldn’t be interested in this business. The family. You didn’t show interest when you were a kid and your father told me to do what I thought was best.” Tony could recall those days as a teen when the family didn’t seem like something that he wanted to get his hands into. He’d seen what it had done to the relationship between his father and mother, how Maria had hated the mob business. She wanted something more for Tony, she wanted him to have an education and to keep away from the grit and burning fire that was this life.
This wasn’t good, especially when his relationship with Loki was touch and go as it was.
Tony thought Justin was an idiot.
Loki… What could possibly be the issue with the Irish Mob now? “Are you even listening, Tony?” He swung his head back around.
Tony let the warm feeling wash over him.
Clint flung a pebble at the other. “Don’t beat yourself up about it terminator. I’m sure that Steve will just be glad we make it home safe. By the way, I’m still impressed with what you’re able to do with one arm.” Bucky smirked at the other, throwing a pebble back at him. “I’m serious. How many one-armed guys can say that they can lift their bodies up onto a rooftop with as much ease as you do?”
“That or they are just normal, and you are paranoid.” Steve shoved at Bucky’s hand before getting up.
“D&%^ it.” With that, Peter grabbed his bag and trudged out of the room, a scowl on his face. Steve wasn’t sure what to do then for him, but he didn’t say anything else. Instead, he walked on, checking all the other rooms in the warehouse until finally reaching his own. His pack was on his bed, ready to go. Bucky had to have packed it for him before he left because he hadn’t packed anything yet.
“You hadn’t called. I wanted to see if you were able to find that file we had talked about.” Tony’s eyes shined a moment at them. They both weren’t hard on the eyes, he could easily take note of that. Steve Rogers had that apple pie, sweet as peaches look to him. He looked like the type of man that would walk a grandmother across the road, and even accept her horrible tasting tea and still say it was delicious. He didn’t look Mob boss at all. Barnes was different. It was obvious to Tony that he was the son of the former boss, though the lack of an arm made him slightly less intimidating.
“Yes, Peter…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Who are you?” Tony recognized easily the ‘intruder’ that was sitting at his private bar, nursing a shot glass with the bottle of vodka off to the side. The man, if Tony was going by the large gut and hairy arms, was laughing lightly before he turned in his seat to face the CEO.
Tony took a gulp of his drink before wandering over to where the screen was. An action movie was suggested on the screen. “Play it JAR.” The opening credits soon took over and Tony sat down on the couch in front of it.
When the doors opened to reveal his lab, Tony started to strip out of his more designer clothes into the tank top and stained jeans that were thrown over the couch. They were there from when Tony was called up to his meeting with Obie. Tony smirked at the what he might have looked like, the image of him as he rode naked in his elevator up to the penthouse where he’d had most of his nicer clothes stored. The discarding of his clothes made getting into the shower faster, so he’d justified his nakedness to make up for lost time. Though Tony was sure that JARVIS had already deleted the footage of Tony anyways as to keep him out of trouble.
“Steve isn’t you.”
The man smirked, turning to face Tony so that he could gesture with an arm, “You’ve allowed other gangs into your territory… Another mob only recently. Word is that you haven’t even talked with them yet, set the ground rules.” The man leaned in further, “you are losing your touch, and your name apparently doesn’t spread the fear that you seem to think that it contains. Many are starting to doubt the weight of the name… Merchant of Death? Or Merchant of Aging? Men on the streets are starting to see your men and are deciding to take a stand against your regime. They don’t believe in the threats that you promise.” Tony kept his eyes forward, fingers curling around the bar though not tightly. “Even now you do not seem to care that you are falling. Had you been expecting this outcome for a while? If so, why not place the crown on someone else, someone who can take over for you? Surely you would have a son or daughter for that matter who could hold your title.” The man smirked wider. “Think about it, Merchant. You are getting too soft, and the press will get too close. The position that you’ve presented yourself in has made you weak to competition. It has made YOU weak.”
Tony knew that.
But now, Tony was staring at a big, burly looking Blonde. Blue eyes that Tony swore were meant for a true American, and muscles so large that Tony was sure he wouldn’t win in a fist fight… He was downright perplexed. The clip, though Tony thought he’d checked for, had been missing from the gun when he held it up to the other man. Now Tony sat at the table and just stared at the door where the blonde had disappeared. “Steve Rogers,” Tony mumbled, letting his head fall backward and sighing. “I feel like I shouldn’t be this shocked by you. But then again,” His head lulled to the side to stare at a double-sided window that had Tony wondering where they’d gotten it from. “I was more expecting Barnes’ type of brain. I’ve never had the chance to know your own family.” There was a small screeching noise that Tony could hear, but he didn’t smirk. Just stared.
“That kid has some balls I swear to it. I should consider sending him on to just do mercenary work, he has close to no fear.” Loki nodded in agreement, finally starting to drink from his latte again. A comfortable silence filled around them. Tony relaxed into it.
When Steve was well enough away Bucky sat on the sill with her, glancing out and taking note of what was going on through the other side. Peter was throwing rocks across the water, skipping them. Sam was with him too, though critiquing him mostly. It seemed like Peter was having fun, for once in his life while he’d first joined the family. “How long till he’s sent out? Till Steve thinks that he’s ready to join our business lives and handle a gun? How long till Peter gets into trouble and gets killed?” Bucky nodded. It was odd, the strange possessive behavior Natasha seemed to gain over the kid. But that was too be expected he supposed. She was the only female amongst them and she naturally would care… Maybe. Bucky didn’t like to stick labels on anyone that he thought deserving of his trust and loyalty.
Guys, I'm hoping to get to a more interesting storyboard of this fic soon. I know it's moving at super slow speeds, but give it time. We'll get to the good stuff soon. >:)
“It’s good to have you back, Mr. Stark.”
“Not really. Just keep at it like it’s normal. Don’t let anyone know that I’m out of town.” Tony’s voice grew serious as he spoke with his longtime friend. It was crucial to him that no one knew that he was gone. If he wanted the Irish to skip town they couldn’t realize that the Merchant left.
Steve grabbed his best friend’s hands and held them out in front of him. “Buck, you need to stay calm. What happened with Stark? Did the Merchant show up?”
She took the offer readily, sitting down next to him though not touching.
“Just because I don’t have it right now doesn’t mean that I can’t make the proper moves to claim the land that I need to start making a profit here. We can either settle this, or I can just take you out of the equation entirely.” Steve placed his gun on the table, leaning over his chair to put more shadows on his face. Steve was told by Bucky that when he towered over someone that it would make anyone pee their pants. It only seemed to serve to piss Tony off. His eyes were slits for lack of a better term and Steve was having second thoughts about trying to go up against Tony while he was like this.
Steve held up a hand and slowly they all lowered their guns. When they did, so did the goons. The man stepped out from the center when Steve approached, seeming to burst from all the energy that was held in his body. There was one word going through his brain at that moment about the man.
Tony is easy enough to locate despite the lack of light. His chest is a beacon that calls Steve to it, and he heeds it, stepping closer like a feline would. He looms over Tony, fast asleep in his cot and smells vaguely of soap. Glad to know that personal hygiene ranks above Avengers duties. He’s been brainstorming. Tony has given him
Tony communicating with Damage Control without prompted? Tony worrying about clean-up? Tony coming out to support a SHIELD operation without Fury barking in his ears? Did Christmas come early this year?
“No, Sir. He’s a key asset to the team, but we don’t acknowledge him enough. As long as he keeps his ego under check, those men and women will be the finest team you ever put together, Nick.”
Another day, another battle. For now? Tony takes a deep, steadying breath. “You just woke up. I just regained my appetite! I’ve this stupid hankering for a cheeseburger. I can sneak one into the ward for you. Think the nurse out front won’t mind.”
He wishes Tony’s hands that are working on Milos’ erection were on his instead.
“Is Stark Industries dabbling in pornography now?”
The vein in Steve’s temple pops, and he nearly spits into the mic, “It’s gonna have to be a solo mission tonight, Nick.”
“Yes?”
“This what you want, Stark?” Steve bites into an earlobe. Deftly, he unbuckles Tony’s belt and leaves it to dangle freely from the waistband. “Paying for sex, imagine that. When you can have this.” He shoves his hand down the front – Tony has gone commando – and pumps the full length with fervour.
“No! Christ, no, JARVIS, we are
“It’s an eight-hour drive from your location, Captain.”
But, beautiful things are meant to be admired, aren’t they? When Steve re-enters the room with a pouch of some sort dangling around his angular hips, Tony looks pointedly away and promptly smashes his face into his pillow.
Tony bins the coffee the soonest he can.
“I don’t know!” She flattens the front of his jacket with jittery fingers. “I don’t know if you’re planning something dangerous
“She was downloading something onto a drive.”
He deeply regrets what comes next – doing the sensible thing and talking sense to Tony, teammate to teammate, man to man.
Pepper
“Why not? I need it done. Better him on the roof than one of us.”
The monitor that ran the command prompt flashes once, and a mugshot of a balding, middle-aged man greets them. Tony scrutinises his flat features, and frowns. “Have we met?”
“So, are you and Captain Rogers together?”
“How sure are you that SOB is your friend, huh? You don’t think my parents’ blood is worth a thing, fine.” Steve shakes his head, his jaws clenched but Tony rails on, “What about Fury? What about
hurt Tony as much as it’ll hurt him. Tony takes everything like a champ, the small smile encouraging.
“Is this pre-recorded or live telecast?” Tony sits straighter in his chair.
“Yeah? Like how you’ve known Rumlow? How you trusted him? His pal put a gun to your head, Steve. You remember that?”
A stroke of confidence quickly falls on Tony’s features, and Steve’s smile grows. Welcome back, pain-in-the-ass Stark. Anytime.
He does the one thing he can. He jams the Iron Man helmet over his head, and searches for Pepper’s number. He leaves the bright green button untouched. He only wants to see her face. Her straight, long strawberry blond hair that
Tony turns sideway so his lips brush against Steve’s. That’s enough permission. He swears Rumlow just poked his head in again and accidentally witnessed his Commander locking lips with another man. The burn in his skull is real. He trusts Rumlow not to Instagram this, but what a sight it must be.
“’Bout right. Feels like that.”
Tony turns back and locks eyes with Steve, annoyed that his singular effort in holding down the fort has just been rendered pointless. An overenthusiastic member of the press – one of Fox’s, Steve notes – pushes past Tony to get through the door. Tony grabs him by the elbow and yanks him back, half-shouting over the chaos, “This Tower is off-limits to civilians –”
So, Steve taps him lightly on the shoulder, and points at the table. “An Apple keyboard and a USB drive port, Tony. Still too ancient?”
Then, the furious scrubbing against Steve’s molars fades into gentle sweeps. Foam starts dripping down his chin as he looks at Tony like he’s just grown horns.
“You’re assuming they’re criminals when all they’ve done is risked their lives to protect ours!”
“You’re wanted at the Triskelion tomorrow, eight a.m. sharp.”
“Come again?”
Tony’s erection is already on vulgar display.
“Wait –”
It’s so easy to overthink what goes in between the lines, but Steve okays it all the same. After all, Tony promises to be back by lunch the following day. What can go wrong in the next sixteen hours?
when Steve holds him. A literal furnace, and Tony is only human. “I’m not exaggerating, but you’re boiling hot.”
He has to get out of here.
Sex isn’t recreation to Steve. Sex is an
on their side. So he runs again, picks up his speed and hopes the other side doesn’t have snipers aiming for his head as he makes a mad, suicidal dash across an open bay. He needs to get online. Make a call.
But the wound itself is
“Oh, you sick son of a bitch.”
Maria is first to alight, and they salute her.
of SHIELD Agents barricading his escape. Tony has never stared down so many gun barrels at one ago, and this is
“We have other masseurs on duty today. One of them has a slot open at five. I can book you an hour with Clint?”
He is. God.
The man’s eyes snap to Tony’s phone, currently broadcasting the cheery jingle of Pepper’s favourite number. A small smirk creeps up the edge of Tony’s lips.
arms are bracketing him, as he is still stooping over the desk.
Please don’t blow up in his face.
Turns out, Tony is camping out in the largest exhibition hall situated along Complex B’s foyer. Can’t miss it. Its boomboxes are screeching “Back in Black” and the screen as wide as the length of the stage itself is playing
Their journey towards the heart of the city is that of a typical midday traffic on a DC highway. Still no roadblocks or any indication of a nationwide hunt for one Steve Rogers, despite all the hoo-hah on the media.
one, he dares to hope. He bets after all is said and done with his Malibu property, the paparazzi and every airwave, every government agency would go
“You know, I made these holograph techs because I didn’t like working on screens of finite sizes that I can’t take with me wherever.” He turns the spray bottle on himself and douses his whole head in liquid nanofiber. “With this, we can put visuals up anywhere and anyhow we like them.” He plucks a black button badge from Steve's hand and fixes it to his collar. Sighing softly, he squeezes it, and though he feels absolutely nothing, he knows he’s already wearing the lady’s face. Steve’s bemused expression confirms it. “I don’t mean for this to happen, Steve. I don’t want to make weapons anymore, and I created something worse.”
“What else did Steve tell you? The colour of my Tuesday underwear perhaps?”
Tony doesn’t hear the door open, or the clacks of classy work pumps on bleached tiles. He must’ve dozed off, and for a split second he thinks he’s dreaming of Pepper, oh, beautiful Pepper… her sweet-smelling strawberry blonde hair tied up in a ponytail, always looking at him with such worry in her face… it’s making the wrinkles worse…
Steve unleashes his apology in a stream of open-mouth kisses along the side of Tony’s neck, swathed in a sheen of sweat. He doesn’t poke and prod at Tony’s past injuries, content with abusing a perky nipple and the tensing flesh around his navel. He’s close, Tony’s close… their cocks sloshing with mixed precum that Tony is using for lubrication.
And Steve grinds into his back. There is no mistake. What was absent in the massage room is fully eager in the privacy of Tony’s bedroom. Tony reinforces his grip on the edge of the desk, and steadies himself against Steve’s erection. “Tell me if I’m reading this wrong, Tony,” Steve asks. “Tell me to stop. I will.”
corporeal. She’s clawing at his biceps like a mad hamster and he stills her by her wrists. “Pepper, stop it –”
Tony flinches so hard the cubicle itself rattles as he pushes against it. He bats away Steve’s offending hand, and Clint turns the shower off. “No what?”
“Shall we begin, Mr Stark?”
He’s stranded. Definitely stranded.
Maybe they do deserve to be upset a bit.
who you should be concerned about.”
“It’s going down, J. It’s going down!”
“Right. Whose biometrics?”
thrusting into him, with grace and ease that comes so naturally. A master hard at work. It’s a shame none of the heart and empathy translates to Tony’s Avenging.
Trust that sadist of a lady to get them to cooperate in the most unsavoury manner. Tony sits on
“… If you want one.”
They take samples from his body. They scrape dirt from under his fingernail, take buccal swaps and blood clot from his skin. Forensics work, he guesses. They want to track down the Winter Soldier. When they ask him to strip to his non-existent underwear, he gladly takes his pants off, because if streaking takes him one step closer to his parents’ murderer, why not? They also question him about the Extremis, and he tells them all he knows – which amounts to zero scientific details – and their disappointment is ostensible. They have nothing on how
“Go!” Steve lifts Tony up without effort, scuttling around the bus to gain themselves a better barricade against the enemies’ firearms.
“No, they’re here to make money, not charity, and I need to convince them that we can turn around three-million-dollar into something more! You got to give me something better. The last survival analyses isn’t cutting it.”
’s repertoire. “Christ…” Is it that surprising? He has a junk, it has been in mouths before – he’s ninety-six, he’s not dead – and he knows how to work it best.
“You don’t let the keepers in? At all?”
“What are you
Steve breathes easy again immediately after.
“Tissue, Rogers.”
of dreams. Choke full of vivid colours and sounds, people in funny clothes speaking funny languages. The nights had been arduous when left to his own device. There’s so much free time that – Nick said – he could use however he sees fit! This never happened, all right? In those long-gone days, people used to hustle for a lot of things. Food, medicine, money, job… the War. Those concerns haven’t shifted much seventy years later, but life has been genuinely good to him.
“Christ, you’re beautiful.”
But, he’s suddenly shoved backward that he staggers, not because it was forceful enough. He can’t believe what he’s seeing after he’s gone through the trouble of pulling the creep off Tony:
She shakes her head.
“Get back to your computer and jam the signals! They’re readying the launching pads! I’m on my way to the hangar!”
The fight is never going to end, he said that once upon a time. It gives him the strength to forge on, to persevere and look into the future. To have a purpose worth living for.
“Spider, huh? Well, speaking of which, Nat says hey. Her target is doing some really crazy stuff, so her mission is going to take a bit longer.”
“Hold fire! The Captain has taken a hostage!”
in cuffs? Tony rolls to his side, gasping to re-inflate his lungs with sweet air. He sees Pierce
“I said I was on duty.”
“Spa Pendry, how can I help you?”
“Oh, that’s good to know. Something top secret?”
“Touch yourself.”
“Hey, I’m all for a clear conscience. I’m not going to steal, I’m going to see what favours or odd jobs I can do for that… lovely shopkeeper over there.” Said shopkeeper has a look of a butcher and a scowl that rivals Iron Man’s. Not one for judging a book by its cover, Steve smiles tightly. “Earn some spare cash, at least enough to reload on gas, food and water. And aspirin. You look like you can use some.”
, is all Steve sees, and his jaws clenched as he sets to work. “Should’ve waited for backup before you confront them –”
Obviously pleased with himself, he smirks, “What is it with you, Rogers? You like pissing me off that much?”
He tumbles down the stairs again, not even checking if Steve is following him – of course he would. He holds the door open, and Steve cocks his chin, wondering what in the world Anthony Edward Stark could possibly host in his basement workshop. Which really means, anything and everything. He walks past Tony and goes all the way to the dais, and Tony stops short of joining him there.
One after another. One sleepless week.
“The circuitries in this headband connect directly with the user’s hippocampus. It’s meant to access certain… traumatic memory – no, listen! – for alteration and projection of said memory onto an external infrastructure, in this case, a video editing software while simultaneously projecting said uh, graphics, onto a screen like this one. I save all my videos on my private server, in Malibu – guarded by my biometrics and Pepper’s, just in case – for future processing. The point of this technology is to allow users to re-experience said… traumatic experience, and learn to work towards overcoming it. It’s a sixteen-billion-dollar worth of therapy.”
awkward otherwise –
“… Is this a bad time? I assume it is now –”
of Tony’s fist being the only music to his ears. His own erection abandoned, Steve has half the heart to resume driving manually, if only to take his mind of –
“Yes, Sir.”
Now having a conscience is inconvenient? The art of superhero-ing is so messed up. “I’m ready to download SHIELD database in parallel batches. Where do you want me to dump them?”
is war to him. That’s the one tangible fact about war that doesn’t change no matter what holy crusade either side is championing. He stops manufacturing weapons, stops bathing his hands with blood after Afghanistan. It wasn’t enough. Doing no harm
It’s only four, and there’s still sunlight. He still has time to walk the grounds. Explore. Talk to Agents, to Maria or Fury. Watch the news, study the enemy. Think. Conspire. Call Pepper, maybe. So, he drapes his damp towel on the back of his chair, and slips under the blanket on one of the beds.
“Dunno.” His voice muffling between chews. “Lost count. We still have loads. You hardly eat, Steve.”
His vision swerves in and out. The fluorescent tubes are but a smudge of white, before they sharpen so acutely he sees the very screws bolting them to the ceiling itself. The black of sky is unending, and then, stars as clear as Christmas bobbles light up the Milky Way.
. I’m not torching anything.” He hobbles away from Steve and the wall, and finds the dusty typewriter particularly interesting. “So, this is SHIELD.”
Tony’s dead weight slums against his chest, motionless, and fiery hot to the touch. Steve does
Steve’s gaze lingers on him for a fleeting second that stretches on, before he looks away and offers nothing. Not the barest of consolation. So, Tony sucks it up because, what is there left to do if not this? Good God, he’s no Miss America dressed up in man clothes, but he doesn’t look
Thank you, everyone, for the kudos!
“You wouldn’t know it if you saw him on a regular day. He hides it well, the way that death clung to him as if he were the grim reaper himself. Howard didn’t put up with anything unless it came out in his favor.” Steve turned back to the skyline, the image of where Stark Industries New York branch still there, reflecting off the sun’s rays. Out of all the buildings in Manhattan… It seemed that Stark’s had changed the most.
Yinsen scrambled over by him and put his hands up behind his head. “Don’t look them in the eye and do as I do.” Then the door pushed open and a big burly man walked out. Tony went stalk still, then relaxed. His eyes hardening to the Merchant in an instant.
Tony looked over at Bruce, rubbing his chest slowly, “What were they selling?”
“Tony. Always good to see you in good spirits.” Bruce’s gentle voice was almost like music to the CEO’s ears. The other had been away from the states for over three months and it was too long for Tony to be away from his science brother. Behind Bruce followed Obadiah, sunglasses spread over his face and an easy grin over his lips. Tony directed Bruce away from his right-hand man towards his Audi. Bruce didn’t seem to question Tony’s sudden hurriedness towards the car, though he did raise a brow when Tony ignored Obie’s voice and shut the door behind them. “Fight with Obie again?”
But Tony was selfish, he didn’t want to wait the few more years that Rhodes would be touring across the sea. He would call the air force if it meant he knew that Rhodey wouldn’t be pissed off with him in the end. Tony sighed again before getting to his feet.
There were a few things that Steve didn’t quite understand when he first got back. New forms of slang, or the different groups that had popped up while he was away. The family had been fine while he’d gone, but he could tell that they were shaken. The leader of their family was ill, gravely ill. In the letter that Peggy wrote he’d been told that he was asked to take up the leadership position for them, give them a man who would do what he must to protect them. When Peggy died a few years after Steve was officially the leader of their group, Steve vowed to never trust other gangs again with jobs.
Tony goes through some terrible crap and comes home.
Slowly Tony got to his feet, shuffling quietly to where he kept his darkest shades, grumbled mutely to himself before walking to the stairs. Tony could only assume that Obie was just a few floors down. Jarvis told Tony when to stop and slowly opened the door to the floor. There was quiet piano music playing, but Tony felt like it was heavy metal with how jarring it was to his eardrums. “Obie, there better be a good reason as to why you’re here.”
“I think given the chance you would have tried your hardest.”
“Gin.” Clint’s voice cut through the small bit of silence that was around them and Steve grinned when Bucky threw down his cards with a sigh. “You suck at this, Buck. What about king’s corners?” Bucky shook his head.
“Not now, Sam. I… I need to go handle something.” Steve pushed off the wall and headed back towards his office. It wasn’t really an office, it doubled as his bedroom, but regardless it was where the photo was. Bucky, Buck’s dad, his mom and dad, and him… Steve. He pulled out the photo when he got there. Staring at all the faces that reflected off the image and felt a part of him break. It was him and Bucky left. Now Steve was risking their lives by staying in Manhattan. “What do I do ma?” He asked the photo, gripping it just a little harder.
“Grant Rogers? Really? I hope you still know where that phone is. It could still be at the base.” Steve shook his head, pulling a cell from his workout bag as proof. “Well aren’t you the man with the plan?”
Bucky was brandishing a knife beside Steve, taking a defensive stance up next to him. Peter was behind Steve, and everyone else… They were locked and loaded on the newcomers. Thor seemed to be the only unarmed man there, but Steve knew better. “We weren’t harming him, you can tell the Merchant that. But I want to know what’s with the tail? We didn’t do anything that would cause too much attention.”
In the elevator, Bruce chatted aimlessly about projects that he wanted to get finished now that he was back. Tony expressed animatedly about the new equipment that he’d put into Bruce’s lab while he was gone. Bruce’s eyes seemed to light up with the prospect of getting better data. “Most of it is top of the line, Stark Industries. I would only want the best for you.” Bruce lightly punched Tony’s arm as they grinned at one another.
Comments and Kudos appreciated!
Dang it Loki, stop being so dramatic....
Please be patient with me!
Steve was slightly shocked at how fast Peter turned to look at Barton. “Everyone in Queens knows that confession in Manhattan runs a different way. The Merchant wouldn’t have such a clean conscious if he was arrested for telling his priest all the gory details. It’s the only reason I’m here besides the hellhole I just got myself out from. I’d say I did Manhattan a favor.” Peter was tense. Too tense. Steve could tell that it was hurting the kid more than it seemed. He hadn’t wanted to do what he’d just done; his voice was strained and crisp as if he were recovering from tears. Joy or sorrow, Steve wasn’t sure. But Steve could tell that Peter wasn’t used to this type of deal, he didn’t just kill people because he wanted to do it. He did it because he saw it as his only option.
Tony takes a sharp turn and sets the security barrier on fire. “Fire in the hole!” Get out, get out, get out –
“What’s your thoughts?”
“… I don’t disagree.”
on CNN?”
It doesn’t feel right either handing Steve the money he owes for lunch – and some. He sends Steve to the door and shuts it without another word, but runs after Steve anyway just to pass him a Cetta Therapeutics name card with his personal phone number scribbled on the back. Steve takes it politely, and Tony watches it disappear into his uniform’s breast pocket.
“Hey,” Clint knocks on the door, but their hearts are already working overtime. “Open the door. Let me see you.”
“I am.”
“… I feel like throwing up.”
“Waist still giving you problems?”
withstand the blast radius of the Goblin’s tentative-bombs.
with the Matrix.”
“Yeah. I dug deeper into Insight,” Tony hears Steve sigh again. He will too if someone talks about Insight right before dinner. “It’s a long shot but hear me out. I’m thinking… there are three phases to Insight: identification, targeting, elimination. I went through Stark Industries’ contracts with SHIELD, and – might be coincidences – there are things that we’re manufacturing on the pretext of efficient transportation that could be – and likely, have been – repurposed for Insight.”
Sitwell left then, pack behind him. Next up was Peter. The teen was packing away his minimal supplies, and Steve made a mental note to go out with him to get some materials that really belonged to him. “How’s packing?”
“There’s only one God sir, and I’m pretty sure he doesn’t dress like that.” Suddenly Steve could breathe again, the air forced itself into his lungs when he felt a small punch come off of his rib cage. Steve hadn’t noticed that the Merchant had gotten within punching distance of him.
Tony could agree that whole heartedly, Obie gave off weird vibes when you were alone with him for too long.
Tony pulled at his hair. His father’s words ringed in his ears. He’d tried to hide who he was, what he was capable of doing with his hands, his mouth, his brain. Tony thought that he could hide it and no one would end him for being the big dreamer that he was.
“No, I’m not saying that, but they are in Manhattan. Their leader is young, might not know about the squabble Barnes had with my old man.”
245 people were killed the day/month that Tony claimed his title, Merchant of Death. After Howard had died several men and women alike approached Obadiah for the leadership position within the mob. Tony had been at MIT at the time. Justin Hammer’s father was the likeliest candidate for next leader, but they hadn’t thought about Tony. Young, innocent, ‘stay over there and be quiet’ Tony Stark. Who’d been taking shooting lessons since he was young, listening in on most of his dad’s business meetings while his father acted as if he weren’t there. Tony knew the family like the back of his hand, knew everyone, who was trustworthy, who would stab him in the back.
Steve is a sneak. Tony has a small heart to heart.
Tony messaged Happy before relaying that Loki would be relieved of his position soon. It was times like this that Tony realized that he wasn’t anything like his father was when he was in charge. Howard Stark…
Loki scoffed and walked around the workstation to get closer to Tony. While Tony was covered in grease and oil stains, Loki was clean and well-trimmed. The man didn’t have a hair out of place. “Stark, if we do any operation together, he will try something. I guarantee it.” Tony sighed, rubbing his eyes in hopes to quell a rising migraine.
It had taken Natasha a long time to figure out where it was that Stark was, and why he was missing. Loki, for the most part, wasn’t complying with them at all. By the second month, he’d stopped talking with them entirely until they pulled in Banner just at the start of the third month. Though Steve wasn’t entirely sure what Loki had been saying as it was all foreign and Norwegian. Thor wouldn’t tell him what his brother was saying either. “If I told you I’m not sure that you would be able to stop yourself from punching him, Captain.” Steve left it alone.
Tony cleared his throat, “I didn’t know who it was until I met their leader this afternoon. They haven’t moved from that warehouse, have they?” There was some jostling on the other end along with a groan.
Tony sighed, “I don’t think this is real.” Tony murmured, rubbing his fingers against his eyes. When his eyes opened again the lights seemed to attack his retina’s. Another sigh and Tony was rubbing at them again, this time hearing the faint sounds of someone yelling in the background.
While watching Thor Peter wandered into the room. He yawned, taking in everyone in the room before sitting down next to Steve. “Who’s the new guy?” Peter asked, twirling his chair around and sitting in it backward.
” The phone line disconnected. Tony’s heart was starting to race when the silence was filled with the dial tone. Standing up from his chair Tony quickly raced to where he kept his spar suit and called up some of his other family members. “I don’t care, Logan, just get there.” He growled into the phone, pushing up his tie in time to curse at the fact that he’d gotten a finger stuck in the knot somehow. “Call Wilson, tell him to bring all the guns. Yes, I’m being serious. This is Loki! He doesn’t hang up on me unless he’s in trouble or actually pissed off with me… Just get there.”
Tony ran his right hand through his mop of black hair. What he wouldn’t give to have Rhodey back stateside. He didn’t like the darker male being so far away from him, to offer advice when Tony needed it, to be the one to tell him what needed to be done before he got in over his head. There was always satellite calling, or video messaging. It wasn’t as if Tony couldn’t afford the expense. But Tony wanted the other there with him. Physically. He wanted his best friend next to him, and working by his side. But Rhodes took a rain check on him, told him to wait on asking him to take Obie’s place in the family.
When he reached his room, his phone started to buzz in his pocket. Throwing his shirt onto his bed Tony grabbed it. “Hello?”
“The board of directors was hoping to see you at the meeting this morning.” Tony rolled his eyes, hiding a wince as he took a seat further away from Obie. “They were concerned about you and your
Tony stumbled slightly and there was a pained groan from Steve as his leg brushed against some of the still burning crates. Tony dropped the man quickly to put out the flame that was rapidly licking up Steve’s calf. Tony would have griped at the man, yelled at him for his carelessness, but Tony felt the biting chill of knowing that Steve would have wanted to do the same thing if it were Tony in that situation.
The man grinned and started speaking. Saying Tony’s name, his legacy, what they wanted him to do. “They want you to build that.” Yinsen handed the photo to Tony, the Jericho burning its image into Tony’s mind.
“Obie…”
Peter seemed to be embarrassed about the fact as his ears started to turn red. His eyes fell from Steve’s instantly. “Don’t have a family. Not anymore.” Those green orbs found blue once more when he spoke again, “I was cleaning up what I’d already done. I just fried one of the circuit board at a place I was staying in. The place is probably burning up as we speak.” Steve felt part of his mouth fall open at the kid’s confession. “No need to worry though sir. I’ll attend confession on Sunday.”
It was the best thing that Tony had heard all day from anyone.
“I’m sorry but I can’t do that without-”
“Let’s get inside. The world needs to see that Tony Stark is alive and well.” Tony wanted to retch himself from the man’s hold, but he couldn’t lose control here. He couldn’t.
Bucky shifted his stance and started walking back. “Let’s hope that he still favors you then. I wouldn’t want to put a bullet through the head of a man who rules the Manhattan underground.”
Tony nodded to the voice, trying to relax further into the couch. A call suddenly showed up on the screen, interrupting the man who was just starting his villainous monolog. “Sour Patch!” Tony exclaimed, throwing his arms over the back of the sofa.
They were screwed.
“I’ll inform Barnes of this then and get back out there. Barton will return in a few and once he does I’ll take off.” Steve nodded and she left. Leaving Steve with Peter who seemed to have taken up scratching up the table.
“I’ll have my secretaries look into it then? If we can exchange information I’ll notify you when I locate them.” Vanko chuckled and shook his head.
A message
If the inventor was being honest, he didn’t know why he was building it. After the fight the previous afternoon, more like Tony’s fight with Barnes present, he couldn’t get the idea of a bionic arm out of his brain. So now he had an endoskeleton done and the outer shell of the arm was sitting in front of him. He didn’t have any set plans for it… Just started building. There was still noise coming from the speakers, Loki was chuckling every once in a while but other than that they were ‘working’ in content silence.
“Steve… Stark is the Marchant. I’ve looked the Merchant of Death in the face and ran.”
But Howard. The man molded Tony into this raging inferno that blazed and ate away everything in his path. Obie hadn’t been around whenever Howard told Tony about the family. He spoke about Barnes in a careful manner, how to go about choosing friends and those that would help the family the most. Howard took him to the gun range every once in a while to learn to handle the recoil of a gun. Tony would go there for hours with his father just to hear the stories that his father would share about the different operations that they would run while Tony changed cartages or cleaned the guns after they were finished. Howard wasn’t the best father in the world, but he had cared enough about Tony to want him to do better, to be better than Howard ever was. The family was everything to him, and making sure that Tony was ready for it when it was his turn.
