The whole process takes less than a minute and Tony doesn't realize at first that it has ended. He stays seated in the same position, looking at Bruce, now completely turned into the Hulk. Bruce’s pants have stretched with his body without having ripped and Tony figures that it is one more think Bruce must have worked on during this whole “experiment”.
Tony doesn't let him speak. He immediately climbs onto Steve’s lap, making Steve’s chair creak under the weight of them both. Steve looks perplexed but he instinctively reaches towards Tony, steadying him so he won’t fall down.
It’s the way they’ve been for a while and it’s the reason they haven’t worked.
Bruce pauses and he takes another gulp of water. Tony has got so many questions racing through his mind and he wants to help Bruce along to find the easiest and quickest way to explain himself but he stays silent instead. There’s something that makes this feel like something Bruce deserves to find on his own.
“So,” Steve whispers, his lips so close to Tony’s that every word is practically traced with his tongue over them. “I feel like I’m going to have a lot of fun with this new revelation and now that you’ve pointed it out, I can finally realize how much I love you in my clothes.”
The fight never ends and Tony and Bruce both know they’ll both want to keep fighting it with the tools they know best.
And Tony has known for a while that what they share is love, that isn't really surprising. Their love has been real since before their first kiss and Tony has worked day in and day out to show that that love exists within him. Steve has worked on it too, and Tony has felt it so thoroughly for months and months.
“Take the sweatshirt and your coat,” he instructs. “It’s cold out.”
He makes his body as small as it can be, his knees to his chest and his arms wrapped tightly around himself.
They both start walking at the same time, mostly in sync although Steve’s strides are larger than Tony’s. One of Steve’s steps amounts to two of Tony’s.
“I wanted to thank you for calling me,” she says. “And for coming to meet me. It means a lot.”
The conversation goes on after that, Natasha resuming the explanation she was given, and Tony thinks that while adjusting to his new reality is taking time, it’s a relief he gets to share it with these people.
“You’ve got it bad, Stevie” is Bucky’s diagnosis every time they talk about it.
“I do know a thing or two about misplaced guilt.”
Tony nods and almost lets out a sigh of relief. He would have talked if that was what Steve needed but it feels good knowing he can forget about things a little bit for the night. Everything will still be there in the morning tomorrow so a little overnight avoidance won’t hurt anyone or change anything for the worse.
Steve pauses and he moves his eyes again to Tony.
“You’d make a great dad and I’d make a great mom, I think,” Pepper says. “We just haven’t made a great couple in a while, huh?”
“I’m sorry you had to go through all that alone,” Tony says. “Regardless of me having a bad day or not.”
“Huh, this really is my shirt.”
“Valkyrie.”
It’s a quick
Tony clears his throat and tries to collect his thoughts.
“Tony.”
Tony’s voice brings Steve back to reality once again.
“It’s your birthday, not theirs. We should be doing what you want for it.”
Back then, it had been obvious that Steve had been going to great lengths to always appear as kept together and proper as possible. In the past year or so Tony has watched Steve grow more comfortable and free in that aspect.
He’s also learnt not to blame himself for how long he rejected things that he now wouldn’t be able to live without simply based on some made up idea that if he started loving his life in this new present he had been given that would, in some way, be disrespecting the memory of who he was in the past.
“Mr. Stark!” the reflection said and the image had turned from blurry to clear in just a second.
Let it be known that Tony’s aware that avoiding Steve is not the best course of action. And yet, Tony is definitely avoiding Steve.
Slowly but surely Nebula reaches across the table between them and takes his hand, shaking it firmly once, twice, and then letting go.
Tony looks to the side and space is there, awaiting his gaze, so dark and so bright all at once.
Chapter 6 might take a little longer to get here because I have another project I'm planning on writing in September. Thank you so much for your patience, and your support and all the love you're giving this fic. It means the world <3
“Everything, I guess,” Steve replies. “I’m apologizing for not apologizing sooner. I’m apologizing for not coming to you before to see how you were doing. I’m apologizing for the way I handled things back then and Siberia. I’m apologizing for not being there with you when you fought Thanos and that we had to lose so many people because we weren’t a team. I’m apologizing for not believing you when you told us this was going to happen. I’m apologizing for—“
Tony feels everything and nothing all at once.
He doesn’t have to mention his constant over-thinking and worrying of reversing the effects of the Decimation for Steve to know he’s thinking about it.
The image comes so quickly to his mind it’s almost frightening, as if it had always been there, bidding its time, waiting for Tony to finally let his guard down and let it in.
He sleeps.
Maybe they did lose together.
There are actual lit candles on top of a simple looking cake. There is no frosting on it, no special designs or decorations. Tony’s well-versed enough in the art of expensive and professionally made food to know this cake isn’t. It looks home-made. And considering how hard Steve is avoiding looking directly at it it’s not difficult to guess who must have made it.
“That sounded very convincing.”
The question of whether or not Steve enjoys being a leader is more of a difficult one to answer.
“I shouldn't be complaining,” Natasha says and she seems to be relaxing slowly, little by little, her body coming to rest its weight against Steve’s chest. “Things are going so much better now that we’re all here together and I don’t even know how I would have sustained a relationship when I’ve never had a successful one in my life.”
Steve’s voice is interrupted by the recovery room’s door opening and the sight of Pepper walking through it, a tablet in her hands.
There is no response for a few seconds but then Natasha appears from the left of the room, where Tony knows her en-suite bathroom is located.
Everything that could have made Steve fall in love with Tony was erased and blown away when Tony didn't come back from the portal, when Steve made the call to close it.
Steve is crying when Tony wakes up and for a second he debates pretending he’s still unconscious.
“Let’s go then,” Tony says.
“You too,” she whispers back and lets go of his hand gifting him with one last smile.
“Finally,” Tony says, breaking the silence that had followed their kisses.
There is no more barriers between them, no secrets or things left unsaid.
Tony’s hands ball into fists and he needs to start focusing on keeping his breathing regular. Bruce, who is next to him, whispers Tony’s name under his breath as he looks subtly at him, not losing his solemn position.
“What have you ever done for the world, Stark? I’m being called to speak about my actions but at least I have helped get rid of some of the scum this world has to offer. All you’ve done is create more filth.”
Questions after questions are flying around in Tony’s head, morphing and evolving into full mysteries, when the door to the bathroom opens and Steve steps out of it, surrounded by a cloud of steam.
Steve just groans but Tony takes it as an affirmative response and makes his way down to the common floor’s kitchen where the team always eats meal, sometimes all of them together and sometimes in whatever combination of the team makes it to the room at the same time.
Space also makes him finally admit -at least to himself in the safety of his own mind- every one of his regrets about Steve. He moves between the regret of having trusted him and the regret of not having contacted him. The regret of having met him and the regret of not having been able to say goodbye.
It’s the little things that Tony treasures so much. Little things that seem to amount to nothing but build up exponentially every day and end up forming the biggest picture.
Steve and Tony share a hesitant look and then turn their gazes towards Valkyrie who only shrugs once again and burps. Steve sighs and then meets Tony’s eyes again, motioning slightly with his head towards Thor.
“Well, that
“Oh, hey,” Steve greets back, picking up his phone where it had fallen face-down on his chest.
The last of Steve’s strength seems to finally leave him and his arms and his head fall forward, meeting Tony’s stomach, where they make a home for themselves, burrowing into the sheet that covers Tony. Tony can feel the vibrations of Steve’s cries against his body and he imagines he can also feel the puffs of air leaving Steve’s mouth as he continues echoing his name.
For a few weeks Tony’s days resemble what his life was like for so many years: long workshop hours, endless shareholders meetings that he has to fly back and forth for, e-mails with Pepper and the PR department and human resources and the R&D department… It’s hectic and it’s foreign, as if Tony’s body and mind have forgotten all he used to stand for.
He waits for the sadness to come, but he feels exactly the same. No sadder than before, no more surprised.
Steve bit his lips and through his own smile also answered, “Yeah, to me too.”
Something breaks without reshaping itself inside of Tony and the disappointment feels like a blaze.
But while the drawing Dummy has created might not be an iconic piece of art it still makes Steve feel proud and delighted. Only two weeks ago Dummy dropped any crayon he tried to hold for longer than three seconds and now, he’s refining his movements and his traces. It’s such a silly little thing but Steve knows Dummy views it as an accomplishment by the way he twirls around twice every time he finishes a picture and that makes Steve all the more happy.
Steve stays in the same position for a couple of minutes but he stands up when Tony keeps his silence. Steve sighs and a tiny spark ignites inside Tony because for a second there the sigh sounded almost exasperated.
Before Tony can move to take his bulky coat from Steve’s arms and put it on, Steve drops his own coat on a nearby chair and holds Tony’s coat from the shoulders, extending it so Tony will just have to put his arms into the holes.
Natasha chuckles and mutters something under her breath in what sounds like Russian.
As soon as Tony puts down that little boy he gets surrounded by a handful of other children all grappling for his attention.
“Hey, hey,” Tony says, squeezing Steve’s hand twice and bringing his other hand to Steve’s cheek, a little raspy from the day’s worth of stubble it’s got on it. “You’re not creepy or gross for doing this, Steve. I’m grateful. And I’m also glad that you kept yourself in mind in all of this. I think help could do us both a lot of good.”
“We can talk another time, Cap. You just had an anxiety attack and I don’t think it’s wise to be doing this now,” Tony explains.
Before, he didn’t have the full strength of Steve’s attention on him and he could pretend the staring he was doing was innocent and harmless. But with Steve aware of it it feels dangerous and risky, like he was doing something wrong and forbidden.
He groans pleasantly when his knees crack from having sustained the position for too long and moves measuredly to straddle Steve’s legs, leaving him perched on Steve’s crotch, like the king of everything.
A strange noise comes from JARVIS’ speakers, almost like a choking sound.
The man eyes the coffee pot from his place and is trying to will his body into moving towards it when Natasha says,
He does end up taking Steve up on his offer, little by little, a step a at a time.
And it was true. Natasha had been talking about Tony for over a year now, having met him through her job, but it had been only three months before that she had started telling Steve that she thought they ought to go on a double date with her and Clint.
“She is,” Tony says.
He’s got his head turned to the right and the entire left side of his face hidden by the pillow but he still manages to give her a small smile goodbye.
The sun hits its zenith like that. And then, the sun starts lowering down the horizon like that. And finally, the sun sets like that. And Tony stays in bed, silent, paralyzed, lost in thoughts that never stay in his head long enough but never leave as quickly as he’d like them to.
That must have been terribly difficult for Natasha. That might have even been the last straw for her capacity to ignore the situation.
Tony isn’t sure who does it but between one breathe and the next their fingers are intertwined.
It has been difficult to tell, however, if the slight increase of hours of work she’s been doing has been due to Natasha burying herself in it to ignore other things or if it’s been a genuine spike of activity that has needed her added attention. This means it’s also difficult to tell if Natasha’s own isolation has been willing or unwilling.
Or maybe that isn’t true, maybe they
“I don’t hate you,” is all that Steve can think to say.
“I didn’t realize how little I had been taking advantage of every modern thing before,” Steve confesses to him one day as Tony keeps him company while he prepares dinner. “One more thing to feel grateful for now, I guess.”
She’s walking in between Steve and Rhodey, both her arms looped through one of theirs. Her pace is slow because just a few seconds ago she confessed the new heels she had worn for the Stark Industries’ launch of their new phone were pinching her little toes and creating blisters on the sole of her feets.
This is Tony sexting him. (And yes, once again, some people would be surprised at the things Steve knows because he’s not just their made-up version of Captain America.)
“I didn’t say that,” Bruce explains, looking apologetic and also maybe a little offended that Clint would think him capable of thinking that.
Steve shrugs.
Tony wouldn’t know how to correctly guess how much time Steve’s been like this now. Has he just sat down? Has he just started crying and is that why there’s so much force behind it? Or has he been at Tony’s bedside for hours, continuously sobbing on his own, all the sorrow inside him so strong that it’s still coming down in the form of waterfalls and thunder?
“I’m going to order some Thai,” Tony says as he’s still stretching. “That sound okay?”
A loud inhaling noise resonates around his room for a few seconds before JARVIS’ voice comes again.
Rhodey murmurs something under his breath but Tony doesn’t catch it, too focused on the look on Natasha’s face as she looks directly at him.
“That’s another point for you.”
Every few seconds a sniff and a wet sound leave Steve’s nose and throat respectively as he tries to take in air. He doesn’t appear to be successful at it because even Tony can feel how little air is making its way towards Steve’s lungs at the moment.
“Well, Cap,” Tony answers, a sardonic smirk on his face. “It’s a long story.”
Tony loves wearing Steve’s clothes because he loves Steve and it is as easy as that.
“Clint’s whole family got snapped. Laura, the kids… They’re all gone and we can’t find him. We know he’s alive but we can’t find him.”
He’s not sure how to explain it because the feeling of that possible last goodbye when they slept together after so many months apart left him feeling warm inside, like for the first time in his life he was doing something right. The second time, as soon as it was over, had him shivering and adrift, like there was something wrong in their slow caresses and their deep kisses.
Steve feels his air catch in his throat and his dick is fully erect in the time it takes him to finish reading Tony’s messages. Imagining Tony’s fingers inside him is what finally drives Steve to grip his dick through his sweatpants. He squeezes it twice through the soft fabric before moving his hand inside it. He isn’t wearing any underwear and at first the skin to skin contact between his hand and his dick makes him twitch involuntarily. His hand is a lot colder than he had expected and his cock is so hot to the touch.
Bruce clears his throat and turns his head to look at Tony, smiling at him.
When she looks up from the electronic device she notices Steve sitting down next to Tony’s bed and she stops dead in her tracks.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Rhodey apologizes and this makes Tony open his eyes again and frown.
He tosses and turns and thinks of Steve. He huffs and goes to the bathroom for a glass of water and thinks of Steve. He checks his email and closes his eyes tightly and thinks of Steve. He falls asleep and wakes up much too soon thinking about Steve.
“What a day, huh?” Tony tries to joke but he realizes too late his voice is much too dark for it to hit properly.
He sips at the liquid slowly at first, and then starts gulping it down, desperate for it.
“JARVIS?” he asks.
Tony moves towards the left arm of the couch, not to put distance between him and Steve this time but to rest his back on it and still be able to face Steve.
Before Steve can say anything to that Rhodey starts counting with his fingers.
“He needs to stay here,” Natasha says. “He needs the support and New Asgard is too busy rebuilding itself to lend it to him.”
“You know, Steve, you aren’t my biggest regret in the whole `Civil War´ business,” Tony says, using the name mockingly. “It’s not even Rhodey’s accident, although that kills me up inside every day, but hey! We solved it!”
Tony thinks, embarrassed once again by the notion.
“I’ll help,” Natasha says. “In any way I can. But…”
“Hey.”
Tony tosses and turns all night long, never settling, never really falling asleep. He tries not to think about it but the harder he tries the worse it gets.
in his life from his past he know is falling to the trap of even more complicated and nebulous impossibilities.
surrounded by his family, his loved ones. And yet, there’s nothing truly happy about the day.
Steve’s second question snaps Bruce out of it and he clears his throat, taking the lead of the situation. For a moment, Tony is glad that it’ll be Bruce talking, him being the most sensitive of all of them, but that moment comes and goes as soon as he is reminded of how his team is composed basically of assholes, even sneaky, intelligent, yoga-loving ones.
“I remember how much you loved Star Wars,” Tony had said and that had brought a smile to Steve’s face.
The ringing of his phone startles him and makes him guiltily pull his hand away from his dick. He debates not answering, feeling unsettled talking to anyone while in his current state even if no one would be able to tell just by the sound of his voice. One quick glance at the screen has Steve finally picking up the call because the person calling is the only one in the world Steve is never afraid to share everything with.
He has to start using his left hand to keep going.
“I just… I” Steve stutters. “Thank you for helping me.”
Tony does turn the temperature hotter until the steam fogs the sliding glass doors. The mirror also starts quickly fogging up as Tony takes his time undressing and walking in.
There have been stumbles and near misses. There’s been a process of relearning and reshaping themselves amongst each other. But the end result has been worth it all.
It doesn’t take long for Tony to realize they’re heading towards Steve’s room and this only serves to confound Tony more, wondering what it it that Steve has to show him in his room.
They get Carol to point them in the direction of specific people, be them from Earth or not, that are still around and could help them even just a little bit.
Tony’s heart stops beating for a second inside his chest.
Bruce doesn’t offer anymore explanation but Tony doesn’t need it to immediately understand what Bruce is referring to.
In those days, it’s cooking together and bantering, creating sweet dishes that will serve to soothe Steve’s sweet tooth and salty treats that will fill Steve’s grand appetite.
“Sure, as soon as Bruce feels better about it we will,” Tony agrees. “But for now, as I think sleep is also out of the question… Do you want to do something?”
Bruce and him had parted ways at 1:45AM, both grumpy and frustrated.
_______________________________
Tony goes back to exploring the Internet but before he can even turn on the table’s screen again, his phone starts ringing on the night table on the right side of his bed.
It had gone a lot smoother than Tony could have ever hoped but that is not to say there hadn’t been glitches and awkward stumbles from both of them: Steve had made a comment about his time spent as a fugitive with Sam and the rest of the team that had painfully reminded them both of Siberia and Tony had had to retreat into his room for some solitude, Tony had made an ill timed joke that had made Steve’s eyes glaze over and his hands has started to shake.
They’re three very busy days, Tony still trying to catch up on Stark Industries’ business while at the same time working with Steve, Natasha and Bruce on a plan to bring Thor back to New York. They’ve contacted Valkyrie and she readily agreed with them on it being best for Thor to be back with them.
“Obie was the closest thing I had to a father after Jarvis and to this day I still don't know if he ever cared about me,” Tony declares as he holds a glass of untouched scotch on his left hand.
He can feel his mind go fuzzy and he knows he’s falling asleep. He tries to fight it by opening his eyes but they close again of their own volition.
Even though the Avengers no longer exist -at least not in the superhero team way they used to- there is no doubt Natasha is nowadays their leader. She’s the face of most of the work they do in the post-Decimation world and she’s the most active one in every single aspect: combat -for the few small-time criminals she gets called to deal with-, strategy and cooperation -with governments, associations, non-profits and even alien alliances-.
He knows these are the kind of things both of them have been working through in their respective therapeutic journeys.
“Involving him, Peter,
Just as a waiter is bringing them their first dishes both Steve’s and Tony’s phones ping with an Avengers’ distress signal and they leave the place after paying but without actually having been able to eat anything.
Tony eventually ends up catching up to him because Steve is running of energy to run.
Now, he lives a life that while it’s still confusing at times he thinks it’s no more confusing than for any other citizen of the world. Or maybe it’s more confusing but in an understandable way considering he’s a superhero that fights against aliens, murderous robots, giant lizards and mind-controlled ducks the size of a bear on a semi-regular basis.
They don’t speak much, actually, they don’t cook a special dinner or exchange gifts or watch holiday movies. They spend it mostly in the living room sitting in silence, each of them doing their own thing while in the company of the others.
If everyone in the room is now an open book, Thor is an uncrackable safe, the key to open it long lost to a sea of turmoil.
“If I’m going to be completely honest I can understand how it happened,” Tony confesses. “When I came back… You don’t know the way Pepper and Rhodey were talking about you. You helped them both a lot, you know? You shared their grief even when you weren’t necessarily grieving me and you were the example they needed that they could get through it all.”
“It’s about Clint,” she pronounces.
Tony smiles at the sound of Steve’s sleepy voice and he turns around with his mug still held tenderly in his hands.
“No, no, hey,” Tony interrupts extending his arm to hold onto Natasha’s forearm. “I’m glad you told me. I want you to open up to me if that’s what you want. I know I tend to be the one doing all the talking in a room but I swear I can shut up long enough to listen every once in a while.”
“Oh,” Tony replies, at a loss for words.
“But it’s true,” Steve reiterates. “I think I kept him at arm’s length for years. There’s so much about him I don’t know and so much I asked of him without ever stopping to thank him. He had a large family, did you know that? He mentioned them a lot, his cousins, uncles and aunts, his grandmother and his parents. I don’t know any of them and I never asked him about them. His mother and his grandmother died in the Decimation but his father is still alive.”
“Yeah?” Tony prompts, trying to sound as reassuring as he possibly can.
At first Tony deflects the questions, not because he doesn’t want Rhodey to know or because he doesn’t know how beneficial for him it would be to finally talk to someone about it, but because he’s not sure he’d be able to find the right words to explain it. Everything happened so fast and yet it felt like years had passed. Everything had been too violent and yet not violent enough. Tony had felt himself die more than once and yet he had survived.
Tony waits for Steve to say something but he doesn’t, he stays silent as he alternates between looking at Tony and closing his eyes for semi-long periods of time. Time passes between breathes and blinks, and little by little Tony feels his body start to relax. He sinks down onto the mattress more and more, as if he somehow was gaining weight even though he feels lighter than minutes ago.
“Steve.”
_______________________________
“I can see that, yeah,” Steve says.
“No, no, no,” Tony denies, realizing how that must have sounded like to Steve after their history together. He does reach for Steve this time, hoping the contact will soothe them both, stabilize them. He places one of his hands on Steve’s forearm and squeezes it gently but strongly enough to carry his decisiveness. “I’m not afraid of you. I—“
Tony gets weirdly fixated on the pronoun.
Tony is still looking in the direction Natasha went, not wanting to look over at Steve, but through the  corner of his eye he catches movement from Steve. For a second Tony is sure Steve will leave the living room without uttering a single word to him but Steve heads for one of the sofas in the room, letting himself plop down on it, a weary sigh escaping his lips.
It’s like the exhaustion is exposing all of Steve’s weakest points to the world and Tony is growing compelled to act as a buffer between him and the rest of the world so no one can take advantage of him in this situation. He’s had this kind of thoughts before, thoughts of not wanting Steve hurt or wanting to protect him but there is a depth to them in this moment that is a little unfamiliar to Tony.
Tony’s throat clogs up and his chest goes tight at the certainty that Steve’s words paint. He wants to deny it and say that they can’t know that. He wants to not get his hopes up. But he wants to put in the work, as well. He wants to do more and to do better.
She looks ruffled and her eyes can’t seem to focus solely on Tony or Steve, moving rapidly back and forth between them. She’s so deep into her frenzied mood that she’s not picking up on Steve’s and Tony’s poignant ones.
“I don’t know what I’d do without you,” Steve repeats and the confirmation that the sentence came from him manages to wake Tony up into full awareness.
Pepper and Rhodey both find in him a person with whom to share everything and anything they miss about Tony. Every little anecdote, every song that reminds them of him, the remembrance of first meetings, the regrets of what they could have done better, the missed opportunities, the hurt.
His heart breaks.
“Love didn’t save us but loving each other is what kept us from burning to the ground in the end. So maybe, in a way, love did save us. Just not in the way I once hoped it would.”
_______________________________
Happy.
It doesn’t take Tony longer than three minutes to explore Steve’s room with his gaze and, through it all, Steve waits patiently next to a chest of drawers. He’s half sitting on them and one of his hands is gripping its edge while the other holds a square package. Tony hasn’t seen where he got it from but he can now see it’s wrapped in gift wrapping paper.
Steve is looking at him in the same way he looked at him before Pepper and him broke up -fondly and directly, the force of his gaze hitting Tony in the center of his chest- and perhaps that’s what finally prompts him to take the plunge.
“You and Steve…” Rhodey pronounces, continuing the conversation. “I thought that would be a good thing.”
Pepper’s hand is cold and smooth and Rhodey’s is a little clammy but both feel like a lifeline to him.
Steve hugs the shield tighter and gives Tony a blinding smile.
Tony’s screen shows both of them -Steve and Tony- laying down against the white sheets on their bed. Steve’s got his eyes closed and based on how he has no recollection of the picture ever being taken he guesses he was truly asleep in that moment.
“I know it’s difficult,” Tony whispers, feeling like it is important that he doesn't disturb the stillness of the moment. “You once asked me for time, months ago, and I’ve been giving it to you. But it’s been a year and… You need to talk to me.”
Tony’s mouth falls shut and he nods jerkily.
“Thanks,” he says, because there are no other, actual words to express his awe and gratitude to have them here with him.
It’s complicated. Incredibly complicated.
Natasha goes to the bathroom twice and Tony laments out-loud still having to depend on a catheter, and when she stands up for a third time she brings him a plate with a few apple slices to cheer him up.
“It hasn’t been the time to focus on that,” she points out.
Natasha chuckles and Tony squeezes her arm gently before letting go. A comfortable silence fills the room as Natasha resumes her meal and Tony pretends to do the same.
If Steve has never willingly shared the full range of his emotions with Tony before it feels wrong that he’s witnessing this while Steve sits there, unaware of the audience.
A short but noticeable silence follows Steve’s question and Steve is confused. Does JARVIS have to think his answers? Is he hesitating over his answer for any particular reason?
Tony knocks softly but firmly on the door and brings his ear closer to the wood to try and catch any response that could come from the inside of the room. Tony doesn't hear anything but he’s unsure if that is because there is nothing to be heard. He brings his hand to the doorknob and turns it carefully until the door opens. Tony doesn't open the door fully, just enough to be able to look inside the room, towards the bed and then the desk. There is no one there and there is no sign that Steve has been here before during the evening.
Liberated.
“Tony,” Bruce pronounces and it’s incredible how well Tony can read him even after three years of not having seen him even once.
Tony opens his eyes and then closes them again immediately when the brightness of the room hits him full force. Based upon the light it must already be past 7 in the morning and Tony is confused. FRIDAY always regulates the amount of light that passes through his bedroom windows and she knows he prefers to sleep surrounded by total darkness. He never needs to tell her to make the glass in the windows opaque, she always does it on her own.
“I think,” Tony starts, causing Steve’s gaze to move back to his. “I like them because it feels like they’re part of you.”
Tony brings a hand over to his chest when he feels a painful weight setting on it. He closes his fist over the left side of his chest, as if trying to grip his heart with it. if only he could… Then maybe he’d be better off.
Steve moves his head slowly until his eyes can meet Tony’s again. The passion in them is burning and Tony doesn’t need to hear his next words to know what he’s feeling.
Steve starts laughing at Tony’s exasperated eye roll and feels glad that if he has to live through awkward moments like this he can live them with Tony.
Steve smiles sadly. “We could have handled things like a real team. We would have held meetings and everyone would have had a voice and we could have created something good for both us
Steve smiles at him, leaning into the back of his chair and nodding. “Go. We’ll eat the rest of our treasure tomorrow.”
His legs take him outside instead, through the morning dew and its damp grass until he reaches the benches that are placed overlooking the extensive lake that hardly anyone ever uses.
A short silence follows Tony’s statement and he feels ready to look back at Steve again, finding him already looking back.
A simultaneous warm and cold feeling attacks Tony’s chest at the realization.
“Shit!” Tony yells, his heart lurching suddenly in his chest. The jumpy movement of his body destabilizes the tablet and it falls to the floor as Tony brings his hands to his chest, trying to calm his breathing. “Steve, what the hell? I think I’m having a heart attack, you lunatic!”
Steve takes Tony to a baseball game, thinking that the setting is casual enough for a first friendly outing. It’s not a major league game and Steve thinks they will have time to talk without it being too serious. However, their conversation never goes past some casual small talk and most often than not some unsettling silences fill the space between the two of them.
Tony takes a seat next to him, to Steve’s left, leaving some space between their bodies but close enough that their knees touch where Steve’s legs are widely spread so he can put his head between them and breathe.
Nowadays it almost feels weird for Steve to touch his own cock in a sexual manner. It’s been months since he’s had to regularly jerk off. Tony and him both live at the Tower and they’ve been having more than enough sex even for a super-soldier like Steve. Tony’s hands are rougher than Steve’s and, even though he would have never guessed, his callouses feel sexy and arousing when they go up and down his dick.
Steve and Rhodey needed to find their footing again after the weeks Steve spent pulling away from him and Pepper. Rhodey had never been angry at him or combative but he had seemed distant and cold at first, before Steve had little by little gained his trust back.
“I’ll talk to him.”
He knows his question was stupid because of course they went without him, he is under no condition to be doing anything but rest at the moment and he knows he would have only been a liability but…
Even though Tony was hoping it would take a little longer for Rhodey to notice it’s only on the second night that Rhodey brings up Steve in a conversation.
When he’s standing right next to the pair he brings a hand to Natasha’s elbow and cups it lightly, gently squeezing it through her long-sleeved black shirt.
Tony’s heart flutters funnily in his chest and he has to bite his bottom lip to stop a grin from overtaking his face.
It all natural develops from there and it’s almost like no time passes at all. They both get startled when JARVIS announces the take-out has arrived to the Tower and they only separate long enough for Steve to go pick it up and walk back to the workshop, this time not even knocking to make it back in.
This time the cough is totally involuntary and it lasts longer, making Tony bend on himself from the force of it.
It’s Steve who ends the silence.
Thor is a surprising case because Steve would have never taken him as a follower and also because he’s not entirely sure of how Thor found out the rest of them had all moved to the Tower.
“I’m sad I didn’t get to see who he was properly,” Steve laments sincerely.
The area made up of woods and fields and the man-made lake Tony included into the design has seen more than its fair share of cathartic and revealing conversations between Steve and Tony.
“I missed you,” Steve pants, his lips pink and shiny with spit.
"Clint should have never said that to you.”
“Reminiscing,” Steve answers before moving his right hand to the back of Tony’s head and guiding him to fully kiss him on the mouth.
His voice sounds gravely after going unused for the entire day and his throat tickles, seemingly in need of a gulp of water.
The kiss stays close-mouthed for a few seconds, Tony and Steve moving their mouths as rhythmically as they can. Tony takes advantage of one of Steve’s movements to slip his tongue inside the small space between Steve’s lips. Tony’s tongue finds Steve’s tongue pretty quickly but he leaves its touch to explore the rest of Steve’s mouth.
Steve loved the cold. He loved the beauty of it, its magical silence and its casual embrace. But he also hated the cold. It reminded him of stillness, of quiet loneliness and loss. All of these contradicting feelings were filling Steve’s insides as he stood in front of his window looking down at the street where children were playing and people were walking by on their way to live their day-to-day lives.
The first two days of Rhodey’s stay are spent in some kind of over-extended sleepover, even if being 49-years-old Tony would never admit out-loud that he thinks of it as being a sleepover.
He then reaches for something inside his sweatpants’ pocket.
That’s when Tony notices what Steve is wearing. His suit. The Captain America suit Tony designed for him. Or at least the remnants of what used to be his suit.
This is the time where Tony helps Steve.
“I’m fine with it but I’m not so fine with how you’re also avoiding Pepper and Rhodey. For what they’ve told me you guys have become quite close in the months that you all believed I was capoot,” Tony says as he makes a gesture with his hands that resembles more an explosion than it could portray the idea of his body being lost to the portal. “And they’re worried about you.”
“The biggest issue right now is the drinking,” Steve explains to him halfway through the trip during a video chat. “Thor is… He’s…”
Steve’s eyes keep moving back and forth from the shield to Tony’s face, never holding eye contact for long. It’s a second on the shield and a second on Tony’s eyes, two seconds on the shield and half a second of Tony’s lips.
The action proves to be irrelevant when Tony turns to look at Rhodey and it’s obvious he’s not entirely aware of his surroundings yet. He’s still more asleep than awake and he’s squinting his eyes in the direction of the now blank screen.
Tony is Tony and he can’t help himself so he takes a step back and gives Steve a complete once over before saying, “I get now what you said about me looking good in your clothes, sweet cheeks, because wow are you rocking my t-shirt.”
“What normal?” Natasha challenges. “We don’t have a normal, Tony. Is our normal being friends? Is our normal being in love? Is our normal being a little bit of both and a little bit of neither? It just…”
When he receives confirmation that that text has sent correctly too Steve moves away from the windows and goes to sit on the couch, in front of the television, although he leaves it turned off and he doesn’t tear his eyes away from the device in his hands.
It seems like Natasha, Rhodey and Steve want to make the most out of this day because as soon as they’re done putting away the leftover cake in the fridge they guide Tony towards one of the big recreational rooms of the building. It’s the cinema room and Tony isn't sure it’s ever been used since the construction of the Compound.
Steve surely fighting back on Earth because if there’s one thing Steve and Tony have in common is  that neither of them give up a fight, even when it is clearly a hopeless one.
He walks back to the bed, this time on the other side of where the chair he was sitting on is placed, and hesitates.
That’s how his days pass, one after the other, then calendar only relatively important but not really marking any significant changes or events.
Tony’s left in just his boxers in front of Steve, who starts folding the clothes up and wrinkles his nose.
Steve is laying on the same manner that Tony is, their knees almost at the same height, one of his arms tucked under a pillow, the other on it, close to his face. He is close enough to Tony’s body than when Tony had been turned the other way they would have been almost -but not quite- spooning.
“I actually can’t,” Pepper says. “I’m not here to stay.”
Despite Steve not even knowing where Tony is doing this, an image makes its way clearly into his head: Tony in their bed, writhing on top of their white sheets, his back arched as he strokes his cock slowly, just the way he likes it at first.
He can’t fight. He’s of no use like this.
“I do,” Steve replies instantly.
The internet is something Steve also relies heavily on: Youtube tutorials, mobile apps, lifestyle blogs,… Nothing seems to be enough for him and he’s constantly on the hunt for more, more, more.
The reprise doesn't last long, however. By the time it’s been a week since Tony and Steve have had any kind of meaningful contact -be it in person or through the telephone- Tony can pick up Steve’s confusion and impatience in each one of their short and rare interactions.
“Are we?”
Nebula nods solemnly and with one last glance between Rhodey and Tony she exists the room, door closing silently behind her.
Tony feels like everything is moving in slow motion, even if he knows it’s all his brain. His brain trying to process the image of Steve eagerly taking off Tony’s underwear. His brain trying to process Steve’s breath on Tony’s dick. His brain trying to process the image of Steve licking his lips as he gazes upon Tony’s dicks, balls and ass.
Steve has been told not once, not twice, maybe more than a hundred times, how good of a leader he is. Other compliments and praises he’s been given in regards to his work have been that he’s a great strategist, a superb fighter, an inspiring man and a brave soldier.
Rhodey nods from his position on the armchair and murmurs, “Yeah.”
Tony opened his eyes and laughed at the comment but his laugh didn’t make Steve feel uncomfortable. Tony’s laugh was kind and sweet, not mocking, and Steve laughed too.
the Saturday mornings they can spend in the kitchen debating the merits of Oreos over Pop Tarts (Clint still has to win one of these recurring, heated debates against Thor). He actually
Tony walks around the island and takes a seat next to Steve, who has started taking careful sips of his drink. Tony follows his lead and continues drinking his own coffee. A few minutes later he stands up to walk over to the coffee machine and refill his mug and Steve extends his arm at him, silently asking him to refill his as well.
“It doesn’t really seem that complicated to me,” Rhodey says as he’s transferring the cookies from the oven tray to a plate carefully. “Not with the way he looks at you and the way you look at him.”
Tony leaves the kitchen in search of Steve with the same determination that he had felt when he left his room earlier on when going to meet Steve in the kitchen.
That is not the question Tony was expecting but he thinks it maybe makes sense that this is how Pepper wants to start the conversation.
It’s only when they’re already standing in front of Steve’s door that Tony notices they haven’t stopped holding hands since they got up from the couch. The realization makes Tony hyper-aware of the feel of Steve’s hands on his now. Steve’s palm and his fingertips are surprisingly soft and Tony feels a pang of self-consciousness. His own hands are rough and calloused from years of manual labour and it’s been a long time since he’s made efforts to pamper them or anything resembling a care routine.
“Nat,” Tony whispers, his voice caught on his throat and his brain stuck trying to find the right words that he’s pretty sure don’t exist.
“I accept your apologies and I believe them. I hope you can do the same with mine,” Tony says, and in that small concession he feels the last part of his resentment fly away even if a lot of other conflictive emotions stay with him.
Peter is the unlucky star of most his dreams. He’s the unlucky star of most of his nightmares too.
Pepper even gets involved in some of the governmental and humanitarian work Natasha is doing and he works alongside them in relieving some of the devastating consequences that are still appearing in the world after everything.
Tony tells FRIDAY to turn the television off after an hour and a half of watching it.
_______________________________
Pepper’s standing barefoot now and she moves around the couch to sit next to Steve and place her hand on his knee.
Tony heads into the bathroom as Pepper picks up her cellphone from the nightstand and starts typing on it.
“I already checked and she… May didn’t make it,” Rhodey announces.
“He never believed he was good with kids but he was. He loved them. And kids loved him right back.”
“I am serious,” Steve confirms and Tony falls into the chair across from him, shaking his head. “I just gave people hope. I let them know the Avengers are still here for them. Are you telling me that’s not true?”
Once, when she’s had a few glasses of wine during dinner, she even tells him a story about Tony in  bed that never fails to make his cheeks flush every time he remembers it.
Tony sits on a decorative wooden trunk that’s at the feet of Natasha’s bed, but angles his body so he can look at her properly. She takes a seat on her bed, her back against the bed frame and her legs criss-crossed. Steve drags the chair from her desk over to the side of the bed, leaving it right between Tony and Natasha.
They’re still so close they’re almost breathing into the other’s mouths but Steve doesn’t feel strong enough to separate just yet.
“I bought this house,” Tony announces unexpectedly.
“Miss Potts, it’s good to see you too.”
“I had to talk about Bucky at the group session,” Steve finally voices and Tony understands almost instantly.
in Rome.
Tony’s dietary choices are still very limited because not every food sets well in his stomach but when he looks in the mirror he can tell he’s slowly but surely gaining back some of the weight he lost during his time on space.
“You can keep talking about her,” Tony apologizes. “It’s just…”
Clint joins Natasha, Rhodey, Steve and Tony for lunch and Tony can see in everyone’s faces how baffled they are.
When he got out of the ice he would spend days trapped in his own mind, unable to escape the  feelings of misery and guilt as face after face of all of the loved ones he had lost got stuck in the back of his eyelids. He never normally sought old photographs or videos but sometimes they would still find themselves in his hands. Watching his friends’ still faces looking back at him from their places in the paper would be worse than just imagining them in his mind, as if in his head he could pretend they’d always been fragments of his imagination but the photos corroborated their existence and Steve’s loss.
Pepper rarely talks about the short time she and Tony dated but the few times she does she always talks about it in a positive light. She’s said more than once that her and Tony weren't meant to last but never does she once blame the break up on him.
It’s easier for Tony to guess the amount of time Steve has been holding back these feelings and the answer is
“Right here,” Steve answers as he uses his upper-body strength to elevate his torso and reach Tony’s face with his own.
The minute Tony’s eyes set on Steve there is a feeling of serendipity tying around its heart. This is Tony’s safest space and it seems likely that it is one of Steve’s safest spaces too.
But then, Barton had once again disappeared.
It’s watching movies that most people from this era don’t even know.
Tony feels tears finally falling from his eyes and slowly rolling down his cheeks. They’re not many but they're there, showcasing his vulnerability for Steve’s eyes only.
Sometimes it’s unplanned moments they share: all of them almost miraculously walking into the kitchen to have breakfast at the same time, them all feeling the need to go outside and take a walk around the Compounds premises and finding each other on their paths,…
“Paper football,” Rhodey murmurs in the background but his voice gets lost in Nebula’s indignant reply.
They haven’s actually made that promise out loud but it’s been implicit in their home for a while now.
“Do you think it would do him well if he was here with us?” Natasha enquires.
He takes a deep breath and clinks his glass against Pepper’s before chugging the wine in just one move. “For me and Tony.”
Natasha pushes her chair back and stands from it, even though she hasn't finished her food yet.
sure that he doesn’t want to find out.
It was as if Steve was watching it happen in slow motion.
Steve isn’t touching his bed and though his eyes are still closed Tony can imagine him being a respectful distance away, not wanting to crowd Tony, maybe not feeling ready to close the invisible barrier that exists between them since that fateful day in Siberia.
“How? I mean… What? How?”
Steve chuckles as he shakes his head. “I won’t. I’m just going to do some online shopping. There’s some gym equipment I’ve been meaning to try.”
Tony welcomes the anger, glad from the distraction from his pain and his own guilt. He revels in it and lets it take over, lets it drive him.
Holidays, birthdays, anniversaries and any and every kind of special occasion hasn't been the same since the Decimation happened. It’s tragic and understandable. It’s also very unfair.
“So now you can come visit me whenever you want, I guess,” Tony tries for cheery and nonchalant all at once and he probably lands nowhere near either of them.
His right hand is holding his phone up in front of his face, camera pointed at the natural show happening in front of him, and he’s fiddling with the camera settings of his Stark Industries prototype phone trying to find the best exposure and angle to take a picture.
How does he dare to make it seem like all Tony did was have a fucking tea party with the guy that killed half the universe?
It’s getting closer to 8 at night but Steve doesn't feel hungry enough to head upstairs and have dinner yet. He’s been in the workshop since he came back from a meeting with Fury at SHIELD early in the afternoon. He had left the SHIELD base so frustrated his first instinct had been to walk into the ‘shop and surround himself with the bots.
Bruce raises his head and looks at Tony, his lips turned downwards and his eyes looking defeated.
“What?”
There’s his right knee pressed into the side of Steve’s left thigh because of how Tony’s leg is bent. There’s the back of his right hand resting casually on Steve’s hip, where his soft grey t-shirt is riding up a little. It’s their shoulders pressed together, Tony supporting Steve and Steve supporting Tony. It’s Tony’s hair almost brushing Steve’s forehead in a way that Tony knows would be ticklish if he moved just an inch.
“I should have gone to see you again when you were still recovering,” Steve says. “I’m sorry I didn’t. After that comment you made, when you said that…”
Even before, Bruce’s transformation to the Hulk always started out gradually, slowly, but it had always seem so violent to Tony, like Bruce’s bones were fighting hard to rip out his skin, like he was giving up something every time the Hulk took over.
It’s gradual and it’s appeasing and it brings them so much closer together. There are topics that are harder to discuss -Howard, for example- but they don’t shy away from them, even if they need to exercise more caution.
“I’m sorry, too,” Tony says.
By the time the sun comes up Tony is standing by the room’s windows, looking towards the horizon at the expansive woods that surround the Compound. His eyes are heavy but his mind is actually clearer that it has been in at least 24 hours.
“I—Yes, I— What?“ Steve stutters the question as his face begins to get an unmistakable blush.
“C’mon, Winghead, you can do better than that!” Tony teases as he blasts his repulsors and moves to the other side of the training course he specifically designed for them.
Steve smiles when he sees that Tony has stopped shedding tears and he pulls his hand away from Tony’s face, drying his thumb on the fabric of his running shorts.
He’s at the bottom of the ocean and he has no oxygen tank, no strength left to swim back to the surface. There is no rescue boat coming for him. In fact. no one knows he’s there in the first place.
A short silence falls between them and in that time Steve doesn’t meet Tony’s eyes.
“Tony, c’mon, man, sit down,” Rhodey pleads but Tony isn’t done.
They get up together, even though Steve could stay in bed as long as he truly wanted to. They share breakfast as they talk about anything and nothing, just like they have done so many other mornings. Steve gets up from the table to refill Tony’s coffee as Tony peels an apple for Steve, who absolutely hates eating apples with their skin, for some reason.
It’s comforting to be able to enjoy something that had lost its luster, and it’s nice that they can feel like there is a world full of possibilities open for them.
When Nebula comes into his room, Rhodey has plopped back into his seat and is tapping away at his tablet, most likely sending an email to one of his military contacts trying to solve one issue or another.
, he thinks,
“I’m sure she
The Moon sits high in the sky and it casts the room in a soft, blue glow, giving it an almost ethereal feeling. It feels strange to think that after everything that has happened this moon that Tony can now see through the wide set of windows of the living room is the same one he has always stared at.
Natasha throws him a quick glance and he gifts her with a shaky and grateful smile.
And it’s that damn word again and the way in which Steve pronounces it that, as always, convinces Tony to carve his chest wide open and let his heart out for whatever is about to happen.
Tony’s still on his first serving of the Lemon Garlic Shrimp Pasta dish he has made himself while Steve has almost finished his second plate and is already thinking of going in for a third.
“Maybe this isn’t the best time but… I never asked you,” Steve says, hesitantly. “How did you two know each other?”
Tony keeps passing plates and glasses and silverware to Steve who correctly puts everything in its place.
Steve, still talking to him.
She gets serious before she says, “Don’t forget that SI is not only you Tony, it’s all of its people. These are good news for a lot of people. Hell, these might even be good news for the world as a whole.”
“Oh, sure,” Tony replies instantly and Steve starts getting to his feet as soon as he hears Tony’s response.
Fortunately for Tony’s impatient Bruce seems to come to a quick conclusion after taking a deep breath and he blurts out, “I learnt how to control the Hulk.”
Dating Steve is the easiest thing Tony has ever done in his life.
“No, it was a good dream,” Tony says. “He was whole, he was alive, he was…. Happy.”
“Yes,” he says decidedly.
“I could cook you one of her recipes some time,” Steve proposes and Tony squeezes his hand.
“Lies!” Tony shouts back. “Slander!”
In the end, however, Tony is always worth it.
Tony presses his lips firmly together as he swallows down and feels a bitter taste in his mouth. He opens his eyes slowly and finds Steve looking directly at him. His eyes look unsubdued and his face is set in a hard expression.
Steve blows out air through his mouth. “I don’t want to jinx it.”
It’s easier than sleeping. Easier than trying to succumb to sleep with the image of a wormhole tattooed on the inside his eyelids. Easier than closing his eyes while he cruises the universe without knowing if he’ll even wake up again. Easier than knowing that dreams will only bring him the image of Peter as he says goodbye over and over again.
He knows she wants to be able to accompany Bruce but her demands are too great here for her to leave them all behind, even if just for a few days.
Tony’s never been big on celebrating Christmas, not even when his parents were alive, and it hasn’t been something that’s ever troubled him. Yet this year it feels like something inside him is ripped apart at the idea of not being able to do so. It feels like he’s being stripped of something precious: the opportunity to share the day with all the people they’re missing.
His room at the Avengers Compound looks the same as it did the last time he was here, almost six months ago, when a meeting with Rhodey, Vision and some government officials had been held in one of the conference rooms.
“Yeah, me too.”
Nebula looks deep in thought for a few seconds before she repeats, “No you didn’t.”
He’s already out of the room and stepping into the hallway that leads to his room when Steve calls out to him.
Even though Steve’s strides are lengthier than Tony’s he’s the one having to speed up to catch up as Tony heads outside.
Steve is still looking at him like this is the first time he’s seeing him, like Tony is a stranger he doesn’t recognize.
There are 12 months; there are 52 weeks; there are 8,760 hours.
Then, they’d moved to their next destination, Barcelona. And then Madrid followed by Lisbon. They spent a short and sunny day in Monaco before flying to Amsterdam and staying in a quaint boathouse for three days, so in love and full of Dutch pancakes it felt impossible to stop smiling even for just a second. They’d done day trips to Ghent and Brugge and Steve had believed himself to be transported to to a magical place walking through the latter.
Is the Tower under attack? Is
“Everything is fine, yeah. I just seem to be more tired than I thought.”
She moves around him and resumes the walk towards the elevator, this time with him trailing after her.
Their days together start to become a perfect mirror of how their relationship has worked for years.
_______________________________
Natasha hums and blinks a couple of times at him. Tony frowns and licks his lips nervously.
Just a second later the lights dim and Natasha’s voice comes from the short hallway that leads from the kitchen to the living room area.
“I’m not afraid of you,” Tony repeats, completely truthful and hoping Steve believes him. “I’m not.”
_______________________________
So he avoids Tony. He avoids Tony simply because Tony is the most prominent of his wishes and the most prominent of his fears and if Steve were to face Tony he’s not sure he’d make it out unscathed of that.
Steve doesn’t get to hear Tony’s long story until much, much later. There’s too many things to be done before that can happen.
Tony thinks,
It feels too close to giving up but Tony feels like he can't do it any longer. It’s just too much for him.
The Compound is still and silent when Tony wakes up and walks out of his room on Friday morning, the day after Bruce’s big reveal party.
“Excuse me,” Tony murmurs as he pushes his chair back, tuns around and starts walking away.
“I’m a futurist, remember?” Tony jokes, the right corner of his mouth lifting in a sarcastic manner.
They have times when it’s them against the world and nothing could ever feel as good.
Tony notices him drifting off when his sobs quiet down and his breathing evens out. He’s still got his face buried in Tony’s midsection, his arms folded under his face, and his stomach rises and falls in the constraint of his uniform. Tony’s hand is still buried in his blond hair but it’s no longer stroking it, just sits there motionless. The position both of them find themselves in has no right feeling this familiar when never before have they ever been this close, never before have they allowed themselves the opportunity.
When Steve walks into his room one morning he has to duck his head to hide the delighted smile that takes over his features when he spots it. Tony still sees it.
Tony, Natasha, Bruce, Rhodey. Even Pepper Tony knows, even though they haven't been talking that much lately. They’ve all been slowly but surely accepting the facts.
“Boss, I thought maybe you’d like to know that the Captain is now alone in the kitchen.”
Bruce follows, appearing one morning in the Tower as Pepper is walking him to his rooms.
Natasha’s face twists in pain and she purses her lips tightly, bringing a hand up to her face to run her fingers down the sides of her forehead, pressing them to her temples and giving herself a few seconds to breath.
“Steve.”
Tony doesn’t talk even though he wants to say,
For a minute things are a thousand times more uncomfortable than they have been between them all evening. Tony’s seated down and Steve’s still standing, positioned a few feet in front of Tony, his hand supporting the weight of his body as it rests against a set of drawers. The position is supposed to look relaxed and casual but Tony can tell how unnatural it is, how unlike anything Steve would ever do if he was comfortable at all.
Maybe it’s the fact that it’s the perfect reminder that he gets to share his entire life with Tony, maybe it’s the obligatory realization of all the things that have had to happen for them to be celebrating these days together. Maybe it’s simply that every single special day is made even more special when it’s spent with Tony.
He barely makes it without breaking and as soon as he opens the door the feelings crash into him like a tidal wave. He tries to get to his bed but his knees are shaking and he sinks to the floor before the mattress can soften the blow of his collapse.
“And now release the air, Captain.”
This time, Tony knows, this time is the one.
Tony, on his part, has been working hard on reestablishing the Maria Stark Foundation on the east coast. Pepper used to handle most of it from Malibu but the increased attention that Stark Industries has needed for the past few months has caused some of the charity’s work to go stale.
He’s grown used over the years to dreaming about losing Pepper and Rhodey but more and more lately Steve, Natasha and Bruce have been sneaking themselves into the images of loved ones Tony has to fight for and sometimes fight against and often times watch die.
His questions aren't eloquent but they get the point across.
“What a poor excuse for a super soldier,” Tony says, looking over his shoulder at Steve who just flaps a hand in his direction but doesn't deign to give him a verbal response.
name- is Carol and the first thing she tells Tony after she gets Nebula to open the ship’s door and she makes her way to where Tony is still sat, no energy left in him, is: “Your friends asked me to come get you.”
Tony loves binge-shopping late at night, looking through hundreds of webpages and clicking on items after items. Once, during a particularly long period of time without sleep, he created a holographic mannequin exactly his size to try on clothes on him. He hasn’t used it ever since but he had a fun couple hours coding it.
“You know that’s not what the problem is,” Tony says as he leans forward on his chair. “You spoke on behalf of all of us and told people we can fix the world.”
“You know, I don’t know if I would have ever told you if Zemo hadn’t shown you the tape. I want to say that I would have but…” He shakes his head. “I don’t know.”
Stark and him might have not been friends but this is something Steve will never get over as a leader.
“Yeah,” Tony agrees.
When they separate Tony is the one to let out a croon that warms Steve up from the tip of his toes to the top of his head.
, Tony thinks.
Pepper nods and turns her wistful smile on him.
Steve’s face reflects the confusion he’s feeling plainly: his brow is furrowed, his tongue peeks through his lips like it always does when he focuses hard on something, his eyes are closed like he’s looking deeply into himself.
“Hey, sleepyhead.”
Steve turns his head, the right side of it half hidden in the pillow, to look back at Tony.
and a very unsubtle roll of her eyes.
Even after battles are over Steve’s job never is.
“Do you want to…?” Tony doesn’t finish formulating the question but the way he presses his ass into Steve’s lap, rocking back and forth on his dick, is more eloquent than a thousand words could be.
Tony closes his eyes again and thinks,
Their steps are taking them through the trees and across a clearing that Tony knows looks radiant during the spring. He came up here often the months after Siberia, when Pepper and him were still on the outs and he was working non-stop on permanent and successful solutions to Rhodey’s paralysis.
“I’m so tired,” Steve pronounces suddenly.
Steve had made lunch for both of them and, as they were debating whether to order some take-out for dinner or not, Steve had said, “We could call for a pizza and maybe… Would you like to watch a movie?”
“Some of them are different, sometimes. Not so much about changing how things went with Thanos but just how things went in general. What if I had found Bucky sooner? What if I had told you the truth about your parents? What if I hadn’t dragged Sam into all of this?”
“You don’t know how long I’ve been waiting for that,” Tony confesses.
At the other end of the line Tony lets out a relieved sigh and Steve can hear the rustle of sheets as if Tony is changing positions in bed. Steve knows Tony must be burrowing down into the covers just like he likes best, only the top of his head visible poking through them.
Clint’s goofy side sees Steve as a perfect target for his pranks and Steve’s gracefully decided to view that as a compliment. Clint’s serious side sees Steve as a comforting presence when his mind  is spinning way too fast for him, an empathic person, a good shoulder to lean on.
“Yeah, yeah,” Bruce says, rolling his eyes and giving up on getting his glasses back. “Laugh it up, asshole.”
“Take it easy, Tony. I’ll come back and see you soon,” he says. “Bye, Pepper.”
“The day we’ve had?” Tony questions, frowning. His mind is clearing a little bit, the talking and the standing and the mere presence of Steve helping matters.
Steve takes pride in all of these things and he’s not ashamed to admit it. He’s worked hard to become the person he is today and, at times, he’s worked even harder to become a hero everyone can be proud of supporting.
Steve only has to move a few inches to put his body right in front of Tony’s, his arms coming up to wrap around Tony’s waist as Tony rests his on Steve’s shoulders. Tony’s legs moves his legs and keeps them wrapped around Steve’s waist, his ankles crossed behind Steve’s back.
Tony clicks his tongue and shakes his head. “Not even a little bit.”
“You fought him.”
Bruce’s visit is longer than the others. He checks Tony’s vitals, changes his IV, walks him through a couple of neurological assessments to make sure the lack of oxygen his brain suffered hasn’t caused any lasting and worrying brain damage, he cleans a couple of Tony’s wounds and then, at last, he plops down in a chair and lets out a heavy sigh.
Steve’s fingers tighten on Tony’s the longer he speaks, to the point where Tony can barely move his hands. He lets Steve continue talking without interruption, though.
He starts keeping a closer eye on Natasha after that.
Steve looking at him and them being on the same team after two years.
There’s many things in the 21st century Steve still has to get used to and he feels like the list has only grown since he moved into the now official Avengers Tower.
Tony hates the feeling.
She turns away promptly and soon enough her and Rhodey have left the room, leaving behind Steve and Tony still laid down on the bean bag chair, only this time there is a little more space between their bodies.
The previously green spots now look more brown than ever and there is a duller sensation that comes from seeing his home planet from the outside. There’s less brilliance, less light, and even though Tony knows Earth has never emitted light before, he wonders if it really has started to shine a little less brightly.
The one thing that has been giving him most trouble is the
Steve sighs and he’s started crying again. His voice keeps being steady, however, and his breathing doesn’t change. There are just tears falling steadily from his eyes as there are words falling from his lips.
Tony is looking at Steve, his eyes roaming through his face now that Steve seems to be too occupied to look at him strangely for studying him in so much detail. There’s a small frown set in-between Steve’s eyebrows and for some reason this one small detail is what prompts Tony to say something he’s been afraid of saying for quite some time now.
“Thank you.”
“My pleasure, Captain,” JARVIS concludes.
Sometimes, behaving through an entire day of boring, old, serious people parties, would get him a big hug from his mom and a fond smile.
And Tony has many, many things to say about Steve in any given day.
_______________________________
When the sun rises again the next day, nothing has changed.
Steve is telling him they’re in this -the grief, the pain, the new order of the world- together now.
There’s not a place where their bodies -from shoulders to thighs- aren’t touching and even though Tony is obviously the weaker one in this situation and he can barely stand on his own, he’s not entirely sure the tremors quaking his body are his own.
Okay, maybe 85%.
Only a week or so ago he wouldn’t have been able to detect the change that happens when Nebula goes from indifferent to somewhat content. Only a week or so ago he wasn't able to tell when Nebula went from her usual annoyance at their current situation to truly mad and wanting to be left alone. But a week has given Tony insight on her, her moods, her gestures, her needs… More than 20 days with only Nebula for company have made Tony somewhat of an expert on her.
Steve’s smile is sad and understanding. “We’ve all got bad nights.”
Life goes on like this for almost two weeks. Steve is almost sure he hasn't been able to properly assimilate things. He’s just been going through the motions, blinking every time Tony was in front of him to make sure his mind wasn't playing tricks on him.
Tony, who Steve believes he could have become really good friends with. After all, Tony’s own best friends are now Steve’s closest friends in the 21st century.
Steve sits on the middle of the mattress, leaving almost exactly the same space to his right and to his left. Tony is so nervous he is doing worthless calculations like that in his head just to keep his mind busy, just to keep his mind from conjuring up a thousand awful scenarios where things turn out awfully for him.
There’s something stuck in Steve’s throat, his heart most likely, trying to make its way out of Steve’s body and into Tony’s hand where it knows it belongs.
Steve does and as soon as the bottle is on his hand Tony starts bringing it closer to his lips, but he has to does it slowly because his hand is shaking a little bit from this minuscule effort.
He’s been thinking he lost the fight but maybe what he’s saying now is true, maybe there was never really a fight to lose.
He decides to avoid the question which consequently means avoiding talking about his doubts and his fears just one more time.
Tony hadn’t noticed before but there’s very few sounds around them compared to what they’re normally able to hear on their roams. Only an owl is hooting in the distance and the breeze creates a certain melody from the tussle of the leaves in the trees but the rest of the animals that could be heard when the weather was warmer and more inviting have gone silent, most likely having left the premises by now.
When Natasha seems secure in the fact that Tony really isn’t going to be disappearing on her any time soon, she gets more comfortable on her perch on the bed and looks back at him, the sad smile that seems to be tattooed on her face now still there.
He’s never talked to any of them about this before but he knows this is one more thing all the Avengers carry. It’s one more thing they all share. They’ve built themselves up from everything they’ve ever had to see and do and think, and most everyone thinks them strong for it but in the end it also makes them more vulnerable.
As she is about to open the door, she says, “Oh, Tony, I just want to say I’m so sorry about Peter.”
7:35 AM.
Steve has to clear his throat a couple more times until it feels normal again and he can swallow without it feeling scratchy again.
Tony doesn’t speak as he stops in front of Steve, just extends his arm, offering Steve his shield back after more than two years.
The second time, they make accidental eye contact and when Tony offers him a nod in acknowledgement Thor breaks his gaze away and continues walking, his shoulders hunched over, his hands in his hoodie’s pockets.
Steve closes his eyes and moves upwards a little like he’s trying to subtly press into the movements of Tony’s hand.
_______________________________
Tony feels a light graze to his left hand where his arm hangs loosely over the center console. Without moving his head he redirects his gaze and watches as a blue hand grasps his own loosely, clumsily, as if this was a new invention never before seen in the world, as if this was the first time in all of the universe’s history two creatures have ever joined hands.
Tony tries to give Steve the same treatment as he thought back in that conversation by the lake.
“Well,” Steve says. “We’re here for you, Tony. And if this is the best for you that’s all we want.”
Tony squawks and Steve has to cover up his laughter with a cough when Tony turns to direct a glare at him. Tony then turns back to Rhodey and points at him with his right hand.
“You’re not coming?” Tony asks.
It’s there, Tony can feel it. In the air between their bodies, in the quiet rustling of the sheets when they move, in the parts of their skin where they’re touching. There’s a tension that is there and that is growing thicker with each passing second.
2AM is when the frustration starts as he begins to twist and turn, feeling constricted by the sheets and oppressed by the eluding nature of his rest. The anxiety starts in his brain but it quickly travels to his chest, specifically his lungs. They burn and ache and clench, refusing to accept the air Tony is working hard on breathing.  2AM is the darkness of the night, the monster that finds you outside of nightmares.
It’s making plans that they don’t call dates but certainly feel like they are.
And the one after that.
“I want us to get him home,” Natasha says. “Like we want to do with Thor.”
Tony sighs in relief.
“Happy birthday, Tony.”
“Don’t leave. I want to talk,” Steve pleads.
Tony tries to make his presence -or his consciousness, better said- known to Steve but when he tries to pronounce a “Cap” no sound leaves his throat.
“That was hard to say,” Tony states, his voice trying to sound breezy and light. “I hope you appreciate the lengths I’m going for you, Capsicle.”
The fight has taken this from all of them, then. Their masks.
“And did you figure them out? These things that are about you and about me,” Steve questions.
The image quickly leaves his mind but a thousand others replace it almost instantly: coming back from space and exiting the ship only to find no one waiting for him; Natasha coming in after the team went out to search for Thanos and telling him Steve is dead; Pepper and Rhodey turning their backs on him; Peter smiling; Steve full of dust that Tony knows it’s all from Sam, Bucky and Wanda. Thanos laughing. Thanos snapping his fingers. Thanos making Tony snap his fingers.
“We’ve been hunting Thanos for three weeks now. Deep space scans, and satellites, and we got nothing.”
Steve’s still standing frozen still in the hallway right outside the elevator, debating whether or not to move towards the living room to greet Tony, when the aforementioned exists the room and catches sight of Steve.
He’s been quietly drawing for a while now, tapping along to the music that’s playing from the speakers with one of his feet. The playlist Tony has decided on today is slower and more melodic that his usual choices; a mix of English, Italian and French ballads that Steve finds himself humming along to.
Steve’s voice stops him in his tracks and Tony turns around slowly to look back at Steve, who’s still sitting but has turned his body to watch Tony walk him, his elbow resting on the back of the chair. Tony doesn't say anything, just waits nervously for Steve to speak again.
“I can’t even begin to explain how happy that makes me feel.”
Steve’s answering smile is blinding but there’s something underlaying it too. It’s something Tony recognizes.
He looks Tony in the eye when the only drink he takes for himself during the meal is a glass of water and he thumps Steve on the arm when he thanks him for making the dinner.
When Tony nods she tells him, “Rhodey told me. It’s so horrible.”
“That what we needed was a suit of armor around the world! Remember that? Whether it impacted our precious freedoms or not, that’s what we needed.”
All in all, Pepper believes she was lucky to date Tony for the time she did.
Steve’s startled by the greeting and Tony chuckles when his phone slips from his grip.
“I’m sorry for avoiding you,” Tony explains further. “Because you’re right that’s what I’ve been doing, okay? I’ve been avoiding you.”
“Hey, guys,” he greets as the bots chirp cheerily. “It’s good to see you.”
“Tony, I’m going to need you to focus…,” Steve demands and Tony’s anger starts making its way through the grief, gaining more and more space in his brain until all he can see are images of before, of a red, white and blue suit, of a shield headed his way.
It’s no more than a breath, meant for only his ears and uttered in the short second before the rest of the group starts crowding in around them.
The declaration surprises Tony, who feels the walls of the room closing in on them both. Steve hasn’t slept in his room since Tony and him started dating. Most of his clothes are still in his own closets, but a lot of his everyday stuff has migrated to Tony’s room and his ensuite bathroom, where Steve’s toothbrush, comb and skincare products now sit proudly amongst Tony’s.
It’s all so overwhelming.
“Before you smashed a gigantic snowball in my face?” Tony joked.
Post-Afghanistan, the suits weren’t means of protection anymore because now he had a suit designed entirely for that. The suits then became a reminder. A reminder that he had made it out alive, and that he ought to be grateful for that. But they were also a reminder of all he held in his hands: the responsibilities and the lives that had been lost in the way when he had been hidden in the shadows of his potential.
