"That's kind of what it implies," Sherlock said.
A skinny old woman walked down the hallway wearing a long dark blue dress.  She smiled at the couple and opened her arms.
"I'm sorry if you think we're ignoring you, John.  I'm just so into Sherlock that I'm forgetting there are other people here.  It's nothing personal," Eric said strongly, reaching for Sherlock's hand again and smiling when he felt the warmth of his palm connect to his frozen one.
"It's fun going on cases," Eric said brightly.
The pair took no time.  John grabbed Sherlock by the shirt collar, and Sherlock wrapped his thin arms around the other's waist.  Their lips collided desperately together, grasping for each cherished movement.  None of John's previous kisses had ever felt so right.  This kiss felt like it was meant to happen.  It was comfortable, despite the unfamiliarity of it all.  Though it was perfect, it only lasted a short minute.  Sherlock pulled away.  John could see his eyes dilated so much that he might as well just have black eyes.
"About what?"
“You killed your teacher” Sherlock said.
"You're not serious," John said.  No.  There was no way he could be serious.
"Sherlock's warming me up just fine," Eric cooed, leaning in closer to Sherlock and almost bumping John further from them.
Sherlock's never done it before either.
John stood there in awe and watched Eric close the door on his perfectly round bum...not that he was looking!
"I don't think it's selfish to throw a birthday party,"
"And my apologies if my bed creaks all night," John added.
Sherlock hums noncommittally, never even taking his eyes from his phone.
John glares at Lestrade, calculating, then sighs in annoyed frustration. “Fine.
“How bad was it?” Mycroft asks without preamble.
“Sherlock. I know you don’t like them, but throwing mugs of tea is not acceptable, and you need to learn a lesson. Do you want to safeword?”
“Oh Christ,” John breathes as sick understanding washes over him.
“Piss off, Lestrade,” he growls, catching the counterman’s eye, cupping and tilting his hand towards himself, the ubiquitous sign for tea in all the languages of London. The elderly Asian man nods, filling a paper cup and setting it on John’s tray.
John chuckles at the obvious understatement. “A whole lot of people didn’t care for her. In retrospect, I should have been been paying more attention. A lot more attention.”
“What’s that?”
“Please do,” Sherlock murmurs, pulling back a fraction to let him climb out of bed.
Sherlock slips his hand out from between their bodies, surreptitiously wiping it across the the leg of his pajama bottoms before wrapping both of his long arms around John, pulling him close as his breathing calms, his galloping heart rate slowing gradually to a canter.
‘All right, fine,” John sighs. “Because I’m a stubborn bastard. It’s what got me through medical school even though I wasn’t the brightest by far. It got me through a war that seemed bound and determined to kill me at every turn. It got me through losing you, when all i wanted to do was... well. It got me through. I make a decision, I stand by it. I’ve made a decision to deal with my own life on my own terms, without using you as a crutch, and I intend to see it through.”
“All right?” the doctor asked, closing the door of the flat behind him and tucking his scarf into his coat. His eyes fixed momentarily on the leaf, which Holmes immediately released to the breeze.
He felt raw and depleted himself, but Watson willed the tension in his shoulders away, letting his focus settle on their intertwined hands. He looked out over the rest of the room, taking it in as he realized he hadn’t done since he arrived. This was, it seemed, what another miracle looked like: a too-small cottage with floorboards covered in mutilated petals, the sharp smell of roses and blood lingering in the stagnant air, and Sherlock Holmes beside him, alive, breathing. It looked like their palms pressed together; it looked like the kiss he never dreamt they would share. They’d both been given this second second chance -- for his part, Watson decided, he intended to spend every moment of it demonstrating exactly how much Holmes was loved. If the struggle to convince him he could be loved at all was any indication, it would be an undertaking. But, Watson thought with a small smile, there were certainly far worse ways to spend a lifetime.
It was, however, troublingly reminiscent of the fixation which had drawn him away before his disappearance in Switzerland -- the time leading up to that, between Holmes’s discovery of Professor Moriarty’s network and the invitation he extended Watson to leave the country with him, had been some of the quietest Watson had known since they met. Dissimilar as they were, he and Holmes had still always been of the same mind on so many fronts; when Moriarty entered the picture, it was as if a wire had been severed. Holmes had taken to leaving without notice or explanation, and returning wearier than ever only to vanish again in the morning.
“Good morning,” he said to the butler who answered, turning briefly away to cough into his arm. “I’m here to see Dr. Barbary, if he’s in.”
“You should have told me,” Watson tried again, having received no response. “I could have helped you, I could have tried.”
The question rang in Watson’s ears as Holmes gave himself again to a fit of strangled hacking.
Watson fell into the desk chair, his knees no longer agreeing to support him. The paper shook in his hands, unreadable, even if his vision were not blurred.
“Yes, of course,” Watson said. “...Thank you.”
Holmes stepped into Mycroft’s sitting room, removing his hat and setting it on an end table. Mycroft had, of course, gleaned that all was
Dr. Barbary nodded, chewing his lip a moment before speaking again. “You are a very practical man, Mr. Holmes,” he said. “I know that my studies have... raised a few eyebrows since I abandoned medicine, but I hope you will believe me that I would not suggest something to you if I weren’t quite certain of its validity.”
The sight of it stopped his heart. He looked down at it for seconds, hours, a millenia. If he shut the drawer, walked away, forgot about it, then maybe it would be for someone else. Another John, any number of Johns stumbling their way about London; some John who had never before discovered such a letter from Sherlock Holmes, who didn’t yet understand what it was to be haunted by ink on paper and find that he preferred it to the devastating stillness of solitude.
“It shakes you like it might be something else,” Watson snapped back. “For heaven’s sake, what good is living with a doctor if you never let him help you?”
When Holmes looked up again, Barbary was on his feet, pouring a glass of water and bringing it to him. His eyes were far away even as he passed the glass off, clearly lost in thought. Sitting at his desk, he tented his fingers at the tip of his nose in contemplation. “I have heard of this,” he said at last, “though I confess, I have never seen it myself. Mr. Holmes--”
“Brother,” he said in greeting.
The Galway Manor case was by no means the first one Watson had solved almost entirely on his own, though usually when Holmes challenged him to employ his methods so independently, there was still some amount of regular follow-up. Holmes had been uncommonly absent throughout the entire ordeal. Holmes had been uncommonly absent in general, really, even when he was there, standing in front of him, listening to summaries he should have asked for but strangely did not. He was occupied, Watson told himself. There was some other matter capturing his attention, and when he was ready to tell about it, he would. That had always been his way; there was never any use trying to pry information out of him when he was unwilling.
And yet, if he’d ever been truly, genuinely happy in his life, it had to have been these past years. At Reichenbach, he’d been content to end his life with a high note for his career; here, it seemed he could do much worse than ending on a high note where his heart was concerned. It had never mattered that Watson didn’t love him. He stayed, that was enough. All that was left now was the paperwork, the letter, the goodbye.
“Yes,” he nodded, his own expression lightening. “Yes, I love you.”
“And that was when I noticed the water damage along the baseboard near the fireplace,” Watson said over dinner in their Baker Street sitting room that night. “The housekeeper insisted there had been a vase spilled, but the damage suggested something more than a one-time accident. I think you’ll agree when you see it-- you are coming tomorrow, aren’t you?”
To John.
But Watson had been a doctor for too long to ignore the way this cough rattled deep in Holmes’s chest, the way it choked him until his face was red and his eyes ran with tears. He was short of breath, but there was a notable lack of nasal congestion. The rare times he’d gotten Holmes to speak to him over the past few days, his voice was hoarse and frail, and he was only getting worse.
Holmes brought a hand to his face, covering his eyes before exhaling and meeting Watson’s stare.
There was only this letter -- that alone hardly made sense as it was.
It required that Holmes believe there was no possibility of any returned affection whatever. It required that he believe that was something Watson could never do.
Holmes nodded, turning his focus to the coffee he’d requested instead of a meal.
Holmes gave an almost imperceptible nod, and the next moment Mycroft was closing the door behind him.
“It’s an illness--” Holmes began.
Watson opened his eyes, the sincerity of Holmes’s expression hitting him again in a way that made his heart burst into a million fluttering fragments.
Holmes removed his gloves, accepting the handshake with a warm grin. “Very good to see you, Dr. Barbary,” he said, “but I’m afraid I’m on rather a tight schedule this morning.”
“You love me,” Holmes echoed. “Watson, I can breathe.” He inhaled again to demonstrate, breaking into a rasping laugh. “You love me.
He knew before he ever accepted, of course, that the burglar was their client’s daughter. She had gone, presumably, to study abroad, but it was obvious she’d never left London at all. The young man who had introduced himself as her sponsor was clearly her lover, when he abandoned her she was too ashamed to return home and fell into the opium dens, periodically resorting to burgling her mother’s jewelry box in order to support herself. Watson would doubtlessly arrive at the same conclusion in a matter of a day or two, but that was enough time for what Holmes needed to do.
He thought of a cigarette case, delicately etched with floral motifs, polished silver reflecting the sunlight, elegant and personal, reduced to a simple paperweight.
But the scene coalesced in a single moment of perfect, sickening clarity as he set his eyes at last on his friend.
The dog cart drew to a halt outside of a stone cottage facing the sea. It was the sort of place to which Watson had dragged Holmes on the rare occasions Holmes would permit such a thing, except that it was removed from the nearest town to an altogether impractical degree. This was not a place of peaceful respite for convalescence -- this was isolation.
“You’re very generous,” said Holmes, tying his scarf around his throat and putting his hat back on. “And you’ve been a great help already. I will be most appreciative of your discretion.”
“No,” he said, attempting to keep the acerbity from his tone, falling just short. “Not for me.”
The frequency of the attacks did not increase much over the next four days, but the intensity and the results of them changed quite notably. He’d accepted their latest case and effectively turned the entire thing over to Watson for the sole purpose of keeping him occupied, to avoid him seeing the buds and blossoms he retched into his handkerchief, the increasingly reduced distance he could walk before having to stop for breath. It was dubiously banal, and Watson had raised a brow when Holmes agreed to search for the serial burglar of Galway Manor, but Holmes wagered he might care more to keep him from lethargy than to criticize his choices of diversion.
“I’ll make it all better,” John murmurs. “I haven’t taken good care of you, and I’m sorry. But I’ll make up for it. I promise.” His left hand comes down on the round  of his arse, warm fingers kneading the soft flesh. Sherlock fights desperately to stay still and obedient as John breathes in, exhales, deliberately draws out his anticipation.
“Chief’s looking for you. You alone?”
“Your punishment is coming, pet, I haven’t forgotten, but I think I need to fuck that helpless mouth first.” John positioned himself at Sherlock’s head, took himself in hand, brushed the tip of himself across full lips. “Open.”
“With that, I believe we’ll take our leave,” Sherlock says. “You have a lot of work to do. After all, your product certainly won’t put itself out on the street, will it?”
“No skill whatsoever, is there?” John says. “Just...pure chance and stubborn hope and a good deal of idiocy.”
Throughout the afternoon John is at his laptop, researching the possible sources of the trace compounds found on Travis’ clothing. Potassium, a common mineral. Mannitol, a sugar alcohol. Allopurinal, used to dissolve uric acid crystals. Adenosine, used to slow a fast heart rate. His searches turn up nothing he didn’t already know; all common compounds, all conceivably of use in medical testing of one sort or another.
“You forgot what you are, didn’t you? You forgot you belong to me
“Good morning.” It’s a young woman's voice, professionally crisp and cheerful. “Bonner and Johnson, Attorneys at Law. How can I help you?”
“Does Lestrade know any of this?”
John has an idea.
“Do you ever talk to them?”
“Look to your right,” Sherlock murmurs presently, his words pulling John from his reverie.
John feels slightly dizzy; there’s a spike of shivery ache in his stomach that’s either anger and disgust or a dissecting aortic aneurysm. He considers making a joke of it to Sherlock, has the presence of mind to realise it’s not fucking funny at all. He wills himself to take deep, even breaths until the unpleasant feeling in his belly subsides somewhat.
John blinks a bit, eyes adjusting as they step out into the sunlight of an improbably lovely spring afternoon.
What Sherlock thinks is,
“No time to tie him up,” Sherlock says. “Take his lanyard. We’ll need the key card.”
One trip to the men’s room and one plastic cup of flat tap water later, Lestrade finally comes back into the room, holding a slim manila folder. He seats himself on the opposite side of the battered metal table from John.
In the grotty cafe next to the Greyhound terminal, Sherlock tells the waitress he’s from a little town just outside of Tallahassee.
There is a card reader on the wall next to the steel double doors at the end of the hallway. John figures his luck might hold; he pushes at the crash bar. No dice. The door is solidly locked.
“It’s only been a week, you greedy whore,” John reprimands with a bare touch of amusement. “God, you’re such a slut, so desperate to spread your legs after just a few days without.” He carefully teases a knot out of Sherlock’s curly mop and sighs, stroking and smoothing his soft warm hair. “You need it so much, don’t you?” John asks matter-of-factly.
Out of nowhere, John suddenly remembers Magnussen’s smug, unctuous voice in his ear as he watched Sherlock drag him out of a lit bonfire.
The final straw this time, as it usually was, was when Sherlock started throwing things. Breakable things. Dangerous things. Like a mug full of hot tea.
Sherlock’s eyebrow quirks upwards, challenging. “Yes, you did. I saw your access timestamp.”
.” Long fingers slip through his hair, tug him gently upward. John complies, sliding up to kiss Sherlock, open-mouthed, gloriously wet and seeking. Sharing the taste of Sherlock’s own come with him is shockingly arousing, making his neglected prick pulse and throb. When Sherlock wraps a large hand around John’s hip and pulls him in tight, John can’t help but sigh a little, his hips thrusting almost involuntarily against the warm pliant skin of Sherlock’s lightly furred lower belly.
to be easier to live with, to be less difficult and demanding and unkind, and in that narrow way of looking at it, John supposes that yes, things are better.
John has, of course, kept his promise. He is still seated at the end of the sofa, eyes directed at the open book in his lap. Sherlock can tell, even from this distance, he’s not really reading it.
It’s probably for the best.
“But,” John says, “I would--” he looks into Sherlock’s eyes, and a constellation of emotions Sherlock can’t even name play across his expressive, careworn features. “I would very much like to hug you.”
So he understands, then, that what he is thinking, what he is feeling is not something new or blinding, but the tipping point of a thousand small moments, stacked one on top of another, moments that add up to a life created together.
Sherlock opened his mouth for him, and John pushed eagerly into the lovely wet heat. The angle was a bit awkward, but so worth it for the sight alone. A low moan escaped from John’s throat at the sight of Sherlock’s reddened lips stretched around his cock as the bound, blindfolded man suckled him eagerly. John wrapped the fingers of one hand in Sherlock’s hair and supported his weight on his other hand and began to thrust, gently at first and then deeper, watching the saliva gather at the corners of Sherlock’s mouth, sliding down his chin as Sherlock struggled to keep down his gag reflex. John pulled back, letting Sherlock recover his breath, then began to thrust deep. Sherlock began to drool in earnest around John’s cock, and the sight of his subjugation sparked something dark and primal inside of John.
John’s attention is snagged by another photo, one of the baby, clearly taken on or just after the day she was born. She still has the slightly squished look of very new infants. She’s sound asleep, nestled in a car carrier and wrapped in a crocheted pale yellow blanket with a matching cap.
John forces himself to smile. “Thanks, Greg. Really.”
John considers for long moment, then finally shrugs and sighs in pained assent.
“It’s all right,” John says. “You were up all night. You need your rest.”
John is already upset, and Sherlock decides the truth won’t make it any worse. He rolls onto his side, places a hand on John’s warm thigh. “Because they were trying to get something out of Mycroft. I don’t know exactly what. Money, most likely, or something the Hungarians wanted more than money.”
“I’ve got you,” Sherlock murmurs, infuriatingly calm and kind. John semi-surreptitiously leans hard on his left arm for support as the two carefully make their way up the short pavement from the driveway to the front door.
“Hey!” Shan snaps, annoyance overcoming her fear. “Those are my eyes!”
John feels fairly certain she is.
“So do I,” John agrees. He shakes his head. “Doesn’t change a thing, though, does it?”
“I’m not angry,” John says. “But--”
“How are you feeling?” Sherlock half-mumbles, clearly trying to not look and look at John simultaneously.
“Every word,” John says simply. “Did you?”
As the shadows lengthen into twilight Sherlock stirs a little, shifting his weight a bit. His stomach gurgles, faint but loud enough for John to hear, and the noise jolts him into awareness that he’s starving as well. He exhales and props himself up on one elbow.
“John,” he murmurs, low and ragged.
“Goodnight, boys,” she says, really not sounding very cross at all any more. Her door clicks shut, the deadbolt sliding home.
He shoves the bad feelings down and smiles.
“I can’t believe you’re real, sometimes,” John says, his voice quiet and hoarse. “How are you real?” Sherlock moans and tilts his hips up in silent entreaty and John takes pity on him, wraps a warm hand around his heavy, aching cock and stroking him, making him arch and gasp as the pleasure ripples through his body.
And in that later, after coffee and shopping and laundry and tidying up, John will look at that list again, then carefully refold that bit of paper and tuck it into his battered wallet for safekeeping. He will guard over that precious token of the trust Sherlock has placed in him, and he will feel the weight of it, the responsibility for his safekeeping a physical thing sitting heavy on his chest, pressing into his heart.
Sherlock moans and cries out around the cock in his mouth, ripples of sensations shivering through him at the thought of being kept like this, restrained and submissive, having his mouth taken over and over again. He presses himself against the fabric of the chair, thrusting, humping it like an animal, shamelessly seeking friction and pressure against his aching prick.
“Oh, pet,” John sighs. “All that running around, your hair’s a fright." With slow, deliberate strokes he begins to brush out Sherlock’s tangled windblown curls. Sherlock loves having his hair brushed, and he gives a little, sighing “oh” of pleasure as the bristles work through his thick hair.
“I wasn’t--”
Sherlock takes another drag off his cigarette, does not deign to answer.
. Sherlock is here, at his bedside, has been for days straight, exhausted and frustrated and terribly, terribly afraid.
John looks up at Sherlock as he enters the ensuite, and for a moment their eyes meet, dark slate gazing into silver green. “I wasn’t trying to kill myself,” is what spills impulsively out of his mouth, and from the reflexive defensiveness in his tone John suddenly realizes he’s not at all certain he's telling the truth.
“Louellen Tereschencko Andrews, to be absolutely precise.” She extends a slim, French-manicured hand. “With a mouthful of a maiden name like that, you can probably see why I happily took my late husband’s surname.”
Sherlock is waiting for him in the lobby, looking much less the worse for wear than John feels. He’s holding two cups of coffee, a small display of consideration the Sherlock of three years ago would never have entertained. Despite his renewed feelings of frustration and anger at the latest round of revelations, John can’t suppress the flicker of warmth at the sight.
Lack of money would make it harder to score easily, but John harbours no illusions, knows Sherlock’s got connections and resources and favours owed him all over London.
“How else can we search for her?” John asks.
John chuckles and presses his lips into soft damp curls.
John feels his blood pressure spike and his stomach tighten. He tells himself what he’s feeling is anger.
Thank God he never has to. A fortnight after the house he shared with Mary went to auction he received a cheque for an amount far higher than expected -- a quiet, Mycroftian intervention, without a doubt.
,” John rasps, lacking the energy  to disguise his exhausted, slightly irrational impatience.
“I think you need to stop drinking,” Sherlock murmurs into his hair.
“I’m sorry he’s not home, love. Sherlock will be so sorry he missed you, but it will mean so much to him that you came around.”
“Oh it is, isn’t it?” She giggles, covering her mouth with her hand, then shakes her head. “Oh, I’m so sorry, I’m being an absolute idiot, but this is just so exciting!” She leans forward conspiratorially, edging right into John’s personal space. “So I have to ask...did all those things you wrote about really happen? Some of those adventures just seem so crazy!”
After a byzantine case of assumed identities and false fortunes, the pair finally cornered the American con man in a dim basement room full of counterfeiting equipment, the computers and 3D printers intended for making the fake identification chips that fetched a staggering fortune on the black market.
?” John wonders aloud.
Sherlock whimpers, broken and desperate with want. “Yes, John,” he says, low and full of desperate longing. “Yes,
John is absolutely, painfully conscious of the fact that the two of them are staring awkwardly at each other, naked and damp and about to have sex. The self-awareness of the entire situation is almost overwhelming to him; and he knows if he feels that way, Sherlock must want to run screaming from the room.
“Good,” John sighs, and closes his eyes, allows himself to slide into a post-orgasmic doze.
“Tell me more,” John demands,
Sherlock’s body grows still; his messy curly head drops, resting against John’s chest. “We’re wasting valuable time,” he sighs, his raspy, sensual voice flattened by the intrusion of harsh reality.
--had owed a certain dowager countess, so he settles for a small shrug of feigned indifference. The movement shoots pain through his body despite the morphine drip, making him wince and gasp a deep breath.
“I can’t bring myself to say the same.”
“I’m sorry, John.” Sherlock’s voice is flat, resigned. “I thought I had an advantage, and I don’t. Not any longer.”
to do this man behind closed doors. He began to fuck Sherlock’s mouth in earnest, almost losing himself in the thrusting as he chased his pleasure, as Sherlock moaned and choked around his cock.
“I’m hungry,” Sherlock announces, sounding a bit surprised. “I haven’t been hungry since… well, since we’ve been here.”
, John thinks as he climbs out of bed with a pained sigh,
“Most people who are homeless become that way through dependency problems or mental health issues, or some combination of both.”
Sherlock cocks his head and smiles thinly. “At any rate, I didn’t know you and John were back on good terms,” he says. “Everyone else in my life still hates him. In fact, I’m not overly fond of him myself at the moment.”
He sits at the kitchen table and stares into space until it’s time to get dressed for work.
The pair of them steadily work through the rest of the bottle and open another, chatting amiably as Sherlock cooks, sautéeing bacon and onions and cleaning mushrooms, then browning the chicken pieces. By the time he adds salt and pepper and thyme and slides the pot into the oven, his head is pleasantly fuzzy and his fingers feel just a bit thick and clumsy as he adjusts the oven dial.
It is absolutely, achingly perfect.
“Water?” John asks him.
Maybe he truly does want to hurt himself, to give in to a single dark impulsive moment of self-destruction.
“I’m not, though.” John pulls away from Sherlock a bit, takes his face firmly in his two hands, feels the warm wetness of tears under his his palms. “Sherlock. Love. It’s okay. Look at me. It's okay.”
Before the cresting pain can recede, John hits him again, lower down across the backs of his thighs. His back shudders and bows, but Sherlock doesn’t let go of the headboard, his knuckles white as he grips the dark brown wood.
"Really," Sherlock affirms, underscoring the truth of his words with a none too subtle downwards push to John's head. John takes the hint, lowering his head back down between his thighs, pressing kisses to the pale delicate skin of his inner thighs, tracing the lines of his lean, defined muscles with his tongue, reveling in Sherlock writhing and gasping under his ministrations. Sherlock’s as-yet-ignored cock is a dark dusky red, so hard it's almost flush against his abdomen, bobbing against his concave belly with every shiver of his body, every involuntary flex and push of his hips.
John lowers the section of newspaper and regards Sherlock quizzically.
John slips out of bed, pads into the bathroom. He uses the toilet in the dark, locates his pants on the floor by touch, and slips them onto his slightly sticky, slightly sore body before making his way across the hall to the kitchen.
David sighs. “That’s why I wanted to talk to you. I’ve been told Mary’s some sort of international criminal, and she’ll likely spend the rest of her life in prison and I... well, I wanted to let you know that if you wanted to take the baby, if you wanted to be named as her father... I won’t stop you. I mean, I want her, I want to be her father, but if you feel like--”
Sherlock returns in under a minute and nudges him carefully just above his knee.
“It’s amazing,” John huffs a laugh in between soft panting grunts. “Remind me why we don’t do it this way more often.”
It’s about Not Getting Hurt Again. It’s about Not Risking Their Friendship, and it’s about Sherlock Not Feeling Things That Way.
John’s already reaching for the lube, pouring a slightly overgenerous handful to slick himself. Sherlock shifts, spreading his knees a bit wider. John reaches around Sherlock’s thigh, taking himself in hand, positioning himself at his wet, loosened entrance.
“Of course you don’t,” John hisses. “God forbid I forget. Sherlock Holmes is so clever, so bloody clever he doesn’t need anyone else, and he certainly needn’t concern himself with the people who care about him. He’s so bloody above it all he needn’t ever stop to think about the people he leaves behind, does he?”
John had taken the professor down easily--he was handy with a codfish, but certainly no real fighter--and cuffed him to his desk, alternately sobbing and swearing at them until the police arrived.
“So. That’s morning breath,” he says, voice carefully neutral while his face struggles not to show his obvious distaste.
recently gutshot in a parking garage in New Jersey, of all the goddamn places on Earth, and consequent to all of that pretty much mostly dead and
John hears himself turning his British accent up to nearly full Monty Python. He’s internally cringing but Patricia seems absolutely enraptured, moving closer.
“I need correction,” he says, barely above a whisper, the words sending a hot flare of shamed arousal across his skin.
“But they knew you didn’t have the papers.”
In the cab, John turns to Sherlock and asks the question that has been on his mind since Mr Atherton appeared in their doorway.
The post is only a few hours old.
He hasn’t said a word since they slid into the back of the police car now taking them home. His eyes are open, gazing out the window as the dark houses and shuttered businesses slide past, but John can tell he’s deep within his mind palace, physically present but a million miles away mentally. John says nothing, gives him space to process his thoughts as the car makes its way through the night.
Then...silence. A minute passes, and then another. After that interval, a single, soft snore informs John that Sherlock has fallen asleep, literally mid-sentence.
“You okay?” Sherlock calls.
John closes his eyes and counts to ten slowly, attempting to bring his shallow breathing and galloping heart rate back under control. It is an understandable response, to be sure, to the stress and uncertainty of recent events--but it’s not healthy, and it is something he’s got to get under control, especially if the two of them are embarking on a romantic relationship.
“They’re harvesting organs,” John yells into the phone. “Jesus, Sherlock,
John opens his eyes, rolls onto his side, gazes at Sherlock’s profile in the dim light of the streetlamps. He’s shed his dressing gown, but he's still wearing his favorite striped pyjama bottoms and an ancient U2 Achtung Baby concert tee that John suddenly remembers Sherlock filched from his clean laundry basket years ago, claiming he didn’t feel like going all the way into his own room for a shirt.
Mycroft merely raises an eyebrow in sardonic affirmation.
. An unconsummated one, to be sure, grown tangled and choked with unspoken feelings, constricted and complicated by all they left silent and unexpressed over the years. A complicated, painful, unresolved mess of a relationship, to be sure, but a romantic relationship, all the same. And now that they’ve expressed what they feel, what they mean to each other...well, it’s got to be a good thing. It’s going to be a relief, a profound one, to be able to speak and move and live with the freedom to be open and honest about their true feelings.
Behind the plumbing is an overflowing box of used hospital-style sanitary pads. The floor is spattered with dark-brown trails of what John knows is dried blood.
John chuckles. “I hope you took the opportunity to have a good look around?”
Macgregor lands hard on his back with a loud, gasping grunt.
Sherlock Holmes has seen and endured horrors most people can’t even comprehend, but this moment, watching his landlady die, is the most afraid he’s ever been in his entire life.
The woman eyes the two of them with open suspicion.
The tightness inside of him somewhat relieved, his shoulders and neck more relaxed, John suddenly feels profoundly tired, like he could sleep for an entire week straight. He turns to his side, facing Sherlock, adjusting the pillow and curling his knees into a fetal position, making a tiny, almost involuntary sigh.
John is panting heavily now, from arousal as much as exertion as he swings the belt over and over, the blows raining down one after another, blending together in an endless, white-hot firestorm.
This is the third boardwalk casino Sherlock and John have been in tonight, or maybe the fifth or maybe the ninth. There are no windows. There are no clocks. John knows it’s night outside, but beyond this broadest possible parameter, somehow Time itself ceases to exist in a place such as this.
.” Sherlock’s voice is cracking with stress and frustration. “And now we’ve got nothing.”
He focuses the first strokes on the fullest, fleshiest curve of Sherlock’s arse, moving from right side to left, precise and forceful, the sight of his pale skin blooming dark pink under the blows somehow hypnotic and darkly compelling. Not stopping or slowing John moves his strokes down to the the tops of his thighs, just below the crease of his buttocks, each punishing slap of the brush echoing loudly in the room.
Sherlock kisses John back and he’s slow, careful, clearly inexperienced but without an iota of hesitation. His lips are soft and sleep-warm, his breath morning-sour, and it’s perfect in a real, imperfect human way.
The waitress looks uncertainly at Sherlock for confirmation. He shrugs his shoulders, slides down in his seat in defeated acceptance.
It’s late, almost three a.m., the deepest darkest hour before night turns the corner to morning.
“I certainly didn’t mean to inconvenience you by getting
--that underneath Sherlock’s pose of superior, unsentimental, dismissive coldness there beats a foolishly tender, romantic heart not so very unlike his own, and that deep inside Sherlock may be every bit as secretly inclined towards gooey, dumb sentimentality, as John, as inclined towards sappy love songs and plush teddy bears and balloon bouquets and beach strolls at sunset and all that romantic rot, and twice or ten times as afraid of the mortification of being caught out indulging in such sentimental tripe. Knowing this truth isn’t the same as knowing what to do about it, of course, and with the conflict and messiness and trauma of the past few years still permeating their lives, John is not really ready to do anything yet with this newfound understanding of the hows and whys of Sherlock’s heart. Still, he
“You’re so perfect like this.” John’s close to babbling now, endearments and filth spilling from his mouth almost unaware. “Dirty pain slut, wanting it so badly, you want me to stop but you don’t,you’re so eager for it, so greedy for it. Look at how you take it from, me, take it all and want even more, it’s never enough, is it, you insatiable
John wraps his own hand around Sherlock’s fingers, holds him fast.
“You could go through the fridge and bin a few old experiments. I think we’ve moved beyond 'gone off'. Some of them are evolving into sentient life forms. I went looking for orange juice and I swear I overheard something plotting a coup.”
(On especially bad nights, he adds in 0.5 milligrams of clonazepam. Sometimes a milligram. He’s a doctor. It’s fine.)
“It’s not your fault,” said Sherlock. “It’s mine.”
“I’m making you uncomfortable,” Sherlock observes.
“We don’t have clippers,” John points out. “Or shaving cream, for that matter.”
A little over an hour later, John is awakened by return of Glenn the nurse, accompanied by a shorter, stone-faced male technician in maroon scrubs, his demeanour as somber as Glenn’s is resolutely upbeat.
He obeys, looks down at the pale expanse of his chest.
He crosses the sitting room, makes his way to the small powder room at the end of the hallway. It’s fussy and overdecorated, everything he dislikes, frosted glass wall sconces and flocked velvet wallpaper, another vase of flowers on the back of the toilet tank. There’s a crystal bowl of potpourri on the counter next to the sink, and the weirdly cinnamonish smell makes him a bit queasy all over again.
The man is being marvellous, he truly is, but the hovering is starting to grate on John’s pride --and nerves -- just slightly. John decides to take that as a sign of improving health rather than devolving mood.
John quirks an eyebrow.
Bored and annoyed, Sherlock would be more than welcoming of any creative... distractions. Perfect.
Sherlock is wide awake. He brushes a gentle hand over John’s flexed thigh, traces the edge of the gauze covering the fresh wound on his leg.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. Mycroft picks lint off his jacket sleeve.
“You still have my number from yesterday, I assume. Text me when you’ve confirmed the appointment with Mr. and Mrs. Kravitz.”
“Word to the wise, Mister Johnson? Hiding things in plain sight only works if you’re not a moron.”
“What about the name?” John asks.
“I wasn’t looking forward to cramming pills down your throat eight times a day for the rest of your life, so we both did,” John says.
They healed fully, over time. They grew into each other, grew certain of each other. And with that growth came a freedom Sherlock never expected, freedom from the pressure to make every act of sexual intimacy something fraught with deep, dramatic meaning and desperate, sharp-edged longing.
“John,” Sherlock says mildly. “Do you really think I couldn’t get away from you easily if I truly wanted to?”
Sherlock’s head turns and he gives John a sharp, searching glance for a single microsecond. Then his expression smoothes out into one of studied, deliberate indifference as his gaze refocuses upward.
After they’ve left, Sherlock is both glad they’re gone and misses them horribly. It’s a confusing, contradictory set of feelings, and he both really dislikes it and has come, reluctantly, to accept it.
John fucks him slow and deep like that for ages, and their bedroom is silent but for their moans and sighs and the sound of flesh sliding against flesh.
Sherlock thinks of all the things he wants to say.
In his preoccupied mental state, John had neglected to shut off the lights when he left the bathroom earlier. Now, the amber-tinted light filters softly through the frosted glass of the door, giving the bedroom a dreamy, shadowed aura as he turns to face Sherlock, his fingers still tangled with Sherlock’s much longer ones.
“You’ve got the dismembering covered. What else can I do to help?” John asks, pushing up his sleeves.
It’s coming from the cheap grey flip phone on top of the bureau.
God, he feels so
“I can’t…” He trails off, scrubs a hand over tired eyes, begins again. “If she was my biological child, maybe I would. But as it stands, I need to be out of this nightmare. And--” he takes another sip of tea to moisten his parched mouth. “No matter what Mary’s done, I can’t take her child from her. I just can’t do that.”
All heads swivel to look at him, surprised, including the still-sniveling Nestor crumpled on the floor.
, he thinks fleetingly,
John scrubs at his eyes with balled fists like a child, then drops his hands to his lap. “Sherlock,” he says, quietly. “Listen. I have to ask. Did something happen that you’re not telling me?”
“We’re about to find out, aren’t we?” Sherlock murmurs as he opens the package with careful, anxious care, clearly poised for a venomous snake or the reanimated remains of James Moriarty to jump out of the crinkling tissue paper.
“That’s monstrous,” John breathes, voice ragged with disgust. “You’re a doctor. You took an oath.”
. I didn’t ask for this. I didn’t want this, God knows I never wanted this, but be that as it may, it is mine now, and I didn't want it but I damn well
“I was fine until you mentioned fluids, thank you very much.”
Living may be worth it in the end, but it always, always hurts like hell along the way.
He does so.
bad choices right now. Put the gun down, and we can talk.”
“He hates me.”
He’s British to the bone, no doubt about it, suited for something cozier and damper and a good deal smaller in scale.
“Yes, sir. Very much.”
“Sherlock, please stop flitting about.”
“Of course, pet.” John comes back to bed, shucking off his jeans and pants before sliding his legs under the covers, sitting up with his back against the headboard. “Are you thirsty?”
The man on the floor flops onto his side, groaning and clutching his arm, reminding the others in the room of his presence. Martinez rolls his eyes.
, do you know that?  I would move heaven and earth a hundred times over if I could undo what happened and bring Mycroft back into this world. But I can’t, no matter how desperately I want to. Nor can you, for the record.”
“Why on earth would that help?” Sherlock asks blandly.
The car turns right onto a quiet side street, gliding to an elegant halt at the kerb.
“Are you...angry?” he finally asks.
He opens the text app. Reads the first message then the second. He puts the phone down, gets up and goes into the lounge to retrieve his laptop.
“If there’s nothing else,” Anthea/Evelyn replies coolly. It’s not a question. “Have a lovely day, Detective.”
“All right?” Sherlock asks, breathy, uncertain, concern creasing the adorable crinkle between his brows.
“It was the New Zealand poster that clinched it,” John tells him. “It made me remember the swimming prohibitions there, and the horror stories about killer jellyfish.” He shrugged. “Even us idiots get a lucky break sometimes.”
She turns away, brisk footsteps tapping down the stairs.
“That’s not fruit,” Sherlock says in horror. “That’s a...cylinder of goo.”
“It certainly did,” Sherlock says. “I would never have admitted it at the time, and I took great pains to conceal it, but yes, it did. I fumbled at familiar violin pieces, I couldn’t read for more than ten minutes at a time without losing my place in the text. It’s extremely common. It’s also likely why your mood is more volatile than usual. You’re still recovering, despite the fact we both wish this were over and done with.”
. It is. He will make it be fine.
“Sherlock, is Mary Watson a threat to John?”
“It’s not too bad right now,” John replies. “The local still hasn’t worn off completely. It’s going to hurt a hell of a lot more tonight.”
“It was fucking phenomenal,” John answers. “Or rather, phenomenal fucking, I suppose.”
John assumes Sherlock will get dressed and leave, undoubtedly eager to catch up on everything he missed while sleeping for an unprecedented ten hours in a row. To his surprise Sherlock slips back into bed, under the rumpled sheets, looping an arm around John’s waist and snuggling close with a soft contented sound.
“Did you see who he left with?”
“Not in the slightest," John answers honestly. "You can do whatever you wish, love. Always."
He releases Sherlock’s hair, pushes his head downward.
John stills for a moment as if to ask a question, then shakes his head.
John shakes his head. “No, goddammit, I’m not,” he whispers, and descends on his mouth again, this time hot and searching, full of intent.
He opens his eyes, gives Sherlock a small, hopefully reassuring grin, runs a hand up and down his slender forearm. “Angle is important. Grab a pillow?”
“I cannot believe your face is in my crotch and you’re arguing with me about this.”
“I’ll be checking the papers,” she murmurs in his ear. “Be careful.”
In fact, he’s probably one of a bare handful of people who can tell Mycroft Holmes to go fuck himself and live to see another day.
? That’s what we’re calling it?” Sherlock really does roll his eyes, not a mere twitch but a full-on rotation. “John, you cannot be serious right now.”
A glint of light flashes briefly off of a barely-glimpsed bit of silver metal near her right hand. A huge, jolting bolus of adrenaline dumps into John’s bloodstream, fear spiking in his veins. He pushes it down with aeons of practice, with sheer force of will, with brute force.
"At times." Sherlock winces and blows out a breath, as if the words of almost-praise for his brother are causing him actual physical pain.
The commotion has drawn attention, and the steel door screeches open, two blurred shapes appear. “Chrissakes, Ell, what the fuck are you doing?” His would-be assailant is pulled away from him, howling threats and curses.
John opens his eyes. Sherlock’s jacket is back on, and he holds a full glass of water in his right hand. He bends his knees, slides his free hand under John’s shoulders, palm warm between his shoulder blades as he helps him sit up.
,” “Why?” And “Good Lord, Sherlock, are you kidding?” but in the end he settles for shrugging and doing as Sherlock says, happening to catch a glimpse of himself in the mirror to the left of the clearance display.
Sherlock raises himself up, thighs quivering, and John unzips, shoves his jeans and pants down just enough to free his cock. It springs straight up, foreskin fully retracted dark pink and beautifully thick, the tip already shiny wet.
John laughs, eyes crinkling at the corners.
And then he’s ducking into the darkened car, the burly guard folding his inflated body and ducking in after him. The door slams and the car pulls away, leaving Sherlock and John behind on the kerb, looking at the retreating taillights.
“Freezer bags,” Sherlock replies after a moment’s thought. “And yoghurt.”
“Good boy,” John murmurs with approval. His fingers tighten in Sherlock’s hair as John kisses him once, hard and demanding, before turning away. He picks up the leash, pulls Sherlock’s mouth open roughly and shoves the looped handle of the leash between his teeth.
Sherlock huffs in annoyance but nods, then burrows his head into John’s shoulder.
“It was an accident,” Lee says.
The room is silent for several seconds, until a young, dark-skinned man in a black knit watch cap and tattered parka raises his hand tentatively.
It’s not until the room is quiet that it occurs to John to wonder why Sherlock is back in Gabbana shirts and tailored suits, yet his ever-present Belstaff is nowhere to be seen.
, a simulacrum of Sherlock’s honeyed voice murmurs in his head.
He considers for a moment. Decides to be brave, takes a fortifying breath, and jumps in with both feet.
“Hey,” John says. “Hey, Sherlock. Look at me, please? I didn’t die, I didn’t die and I’m right here. With you. Okay?”
“You’re so beautiful,” John says quietly, hands cradling his slim hips, thumbs rubbing against the ridges of his iliac crest. “Do you know that?”
“You’re going to take a bath in that amazing tub, aren’t you?”
As he stares down at the phone in his hand, a cacophony of disjointed thoughts swirling around in his head, the mobile rings, the screen lighting up as the standard Apple ringtone trills.
It’s the familiar voice from before, the one that calmed John when he first struggled into incoherent semi-wakefulness; but whereas the tone was soft and soothing before, it is now snappish and demanding -- and frightened, too, underneath, in that way of people who hide their helplessness and fear under a cloak of aggressive unpleasantness.
Seeing himself in the mirror amplifies the oddly dreamlike, out of body feeling of the moment, twisting into a Mobius strip of viewing and participation, confusing his senses, making him feel unmoored, drifting away from his own body. He watches himself be beaten by his lover, his tormentor, the two of them acting out a gorgeous and profane pornography that he’s seeing and feeling simultaneously, experiencing the sensations both within and without his own body.
“I know the minimizing your trauma is a ...
“They’ve stopped broadcasting,” he says quietly.
, and I’m stumbling and fumbling and flailing all over the place. I don’t know how to put the pieces together in the proper order, I can’t see the patterns and she’s slipping further away every single day because I’m too stupid to figure it out.”
“Okay,” Sherlock murmurs, placating. “Okay, John, it’s okay, just, let me get you some water, all right? Here, I don’t want to risk you choking.”
“Really,” Sherlock replied with a bare trace of a smirk. “Problem?”
John’s murmured words are soothing him, cooling balm alongside the pain, pushing Sherlock down deeper into his body, the sensations and feelings and needs of his flesh creating a cocoon around him as his breathing slows and evens.
“I believe I’ll wait downstairs,” he says. “Do try to be quick, Sherlock. Time is of the essence.”
“Like you haven’t got them all memorised. Just pick one.”
“I know,” John says. “You’re right. Of course you're right.”
After a few moments as the endorphins begin to ebb away. Sherlock begins to realise that a great many places on his body hurt. A lot.
“I can’t--” he gasps. “I’m going to--”
Now, he knows. Now he understands, clearly, what was so baffling to him, back in a before which he can barely even remember. Now, willingly stripped and bound and pushed to his knees, he is the closest he’s ever been to the absolute and essential essence of who and what he is. Somehow, within the structures and rules of this strange, elaborate sexual game, Sherlock has discovered new and a completely unknown side of himself, here at the juncture where the most base of biological impulses meets a desperate need for intimate emotional connection.
“Slick,” John clarifies. “Lube.”
Blood fountains from a split lip as Macgregor moans and sputters under John’s assault.
“Hey,” John finally says, kinder, softer. He slides his fingers down Sherlock’s arm, takes his hand, long fingers warm and dry in his own. “Look. I know you’re scared.”
John shakes his head. What a ridiculous notion. As long as he’s with Sherlock, home could be a cardboard box.
He can’t remember a time when every single thing in London wasn’t breaking down, wasn’t dying.
“You truly are a psychopath,” Sherlock observes, and he sounds...almost
John laughs, shakes his head. He decides to start on the wings instead, attacking them with an shocking absolute lack of etiquette as he settles into the chair opposite Sherlock.
“Um,” John replies intelligently
The tongue of leather trails up and down, up and down.
for, all coming apart at the seams far too quickly to be repaired.
Reality test.
“Have it your way, then,” John says, sounding resigned but not defeated. “Sulk if you want. Bear in mind, though, it’s my bedroom too and I have every intention of sleeping in my own bed tonight. You better open this door by nightfall or I’m breaking it down. Don’t think I won’t.”
John’s knee-jerk reflex is to say
“I wasn’t thinking, a minute ago,” he said. “I apologise.”
He’s contemplating his shoes and wondering if he has the strength to bend down and untie them when Sherlock reappears, coat and jacket off, glass of water in one hand and medication in another. He comes around to John’s side of the bed, setting the water and pills down on the bedside before dropping down to one knee in front of John. He carefully unties his shoes, taking them off along with his socks and sets them aside.
Nothing is right.
John shows him the brass shield still in his hand.
He really doesn’t want to do the stupid boring washing up, and besides, there’s something else.
Sherlock clambers a bit gracelessly off him, giving him room to manoeuver. John rolls halfway over, pulls the cheap polyester duvet off the bed with one hand.
“Patricia,” he murmurs, stepping in close for a hug. “Are you all right, dear?”
“I don’t want to hurt you.”
Before this, before the two of them, Sherlock would have stayed up the entire night, dissecting mouse livers or finding something to roast with his blowtorch--seemingly desperate for anything to distract himself from the constantly swirling maelstrom of just being him, of thinking, of analysing, of processing the endless streams of data that he could never seem to disregard.
Lestrade drops a credit chip on the counter. “Make it takeaway.”
“I’d like to see you try,” he murmurs.
“Try me,” he says, clearly unconvinced.
None of the three speak as they descend the steps.
“This is you,” she says with a smile. “Good luck, sir.”
Sherlock nods in agreement. His eyes meet John’s as he holds out his hand, palm up, in expectation.
“What do you mean, exploited?”
His hands are folded across his belly as he stares at the ceiling, resolutely gazing at nothing in particular. Mary’s voice registers, triggers an upswelling of something thick and black and ugly in his chest. Anger? Disappointment? Despair? He doesn’t even know anymore. All he knows is the black wave will swallow him whole if he allows himself to feel it, so he doesn’t. He just stares at the ceiling. Notes a spiderweb forming in the corner.
John turns, shines the torch towards the toilet.
“No, by all means, be rude,” Sherlock cuts in rudely. “Mrs Hudson, John is tired and you need to go away now.”
John stripped the coverlet off the bed (spontaneous was nice, but the Italian silk duvet cost roughly half of John’s monthly Army pension), folded it across the side chair, and laid down clean towels over the sheets.
The woman laughs with genuine humour. “Oh heavens, no. In fact, I find myself in need of your assistance.”
“Looking after you has worn him right out,” she murmurs, draping the blanket over Sherlock’s angular frame.
“That’s all right,” John mumbles, feeling self-conscious. “I should have called, I’m sorry, I didn’t plan on--”
“Well, most doctors who come in here who don’t say that,” Atherton chuckles.
“I like bees,” he murmurs into the warm, musky silence between them.
John breathes, in through his nose and out through his mouth the way his therapist taught him, feeling his fists clench and unclench without any conscious thought.
John’s fingers tighten as he jerks roughly at his cock, pulling hard at the tip the way he likes, as his other hand twists in his hair, holding his head upright. “Come for me, then,” John growls.  “Watch yourself come for me, you filthy whore.”
Louellen looks up and nods, her eyes sad but clear and dry. “Mr. Holmes. I care for Maria. I suppose you could say I love her, even after everything that's happened. But she’s too erratic now, far too much of a liability. I don’t want to give her up like this but...in the end, you taking her off the radar would be doing me a service.”
And then they are gone, leaving Maria, John and Sherlock in a final, stark tableau, illuminated by the harsh headlights of the still-running van.
“Is that good, sweetheart?” he whispers in his ear, trying on a new endearment for size.
And then he’s gone, leaving the flat echoingly empty behind him.
John returns to the bedroom, toothbrush still in hand; Sherlock is gone along with their bags, having left a pile of clean clothing for him on the bed. He decides to bin the toothbrush before dressing quickly. His jeans button today, and he actually takes one moment to relish that hard-won victory before pulling on his socks and shoes, bending with an inelegant grunt to tie his own laces.
“I entertained the hypothesis, briefly, then discarded it. It seemed too outlandish, too melodramatic to be true. Or maybe I just wanted desperately to believe James Moriarty had been eliminated forever and for good. But in light of new information...it’s the only theory that fits the data.”
John closes his eyes breathes in. Counts to three, exhales.
Sherlock nods, his head sagging downwards, nostrils flaring. John slides a hand into damp curls, pulls his head up by his hair. He gazes intently at Sherlock’s face, wet and wide-eyed, cheeks flushed deep with arousal behind the constraint of leather straps. His eyes are glassy and dilated, pupils black and blown wide. Tears run unchecked down his face, mingling with the wet drool bubbling over his chin and jaw.
“Okay, Grandmother,” John says, teasing gently. “You rest your tired eyes.”
“Yes, John,” Sherlock mumbles to the floor.
“I got the fetal cell DNA from a blood sample I collected at the house in Camden. And I...” Sherlock’s expression turns somewhat sheepish. “And I already had your genetics on file.”
After the show ends and the house lights come back up, John makes his way backstage, snatching up a discarded racing form on his way across the club. He hovers in an alcove, pretends to study the folded sheet as outrageously-attired chattering showgirls pass him by without a second glance
“Yes,” he agrees. “Fine. Let’s do this.”
Behind him, John shifts his weight. Sherlock can feel the laser-hot intensity of the glare focused on the back of his neck.
“You say I
“I do,” John says. “Do you really care?”
me,” John repeats, stubbornly, growing agitated with this feeling of urgency, needing to tell Sherlock something vitally important, but not quite being able to marshal his thoughts in his fuzzy, unfocused state.
He feels like he can’t quite draw a full breath.
“Yes,” Sherlock’s voice has gone breathy, soft at the edges. “Well, some. Not much. Mostly research.”
Not a dream, then.
doesn’t
“Yes, yes, fuck, yes.” John growls low in his throat and bends him almost double, capturing his mouth with fierce, punishing kisses. Sherlock’s cock is trapped between their bodies and Sherlock cries out with pleasure, the friction delicious against his aching flesh as John moves inside him.
“I made, um, quite a mess, didn’t I?” John says a bit sheepishly. “Apologies.”
Sherlock nods, brings one hand up, tentatively brushes the bare skin of John’s shoulder, sweeping fingertips slowly across the line of his collarbone, raising goosebumps on his skin, making him shiver with anticipation as he moves lower, carefully, with an agonising slowness that’s perfect and unbearable at the same time.
“He didn’t win,” he breathes, his voice raspy and urgent. “I see that now.
Sometime before dawn he falls asleep without even realising.
“You’re in shock,” Sherlock says. “Understandably so.”
“Good,” Sherlock says. “That’s--yes. That’s good. I’m glad.”
From John’s point of view, a recent widower obviously chatting up a lovely young woman would make him the ethically dubious party, but Patricia clearly doesn’t see it that way.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock panted breathlessly.
“Stomach,” he croaks.
Sherlock’s mouth twitches up at the corner, then he turns his head, looks up the street as if searching for something. “Care for dinner?” he asks with a studied casualness that is so transparent it almost hurts John to watch. “There’s a Burmese place near here that has a--”
“Morphology,” Jim intones. “Longevity. Incept dates.”
John turns the page of his paper and doesn’t acknowledge Sherlock’s presence as he pads on bare feet to the side of John’s chair. He is hard already, anxiety and anticipation spiking his arousal as he sinks to his knees besides John’s chair and waits.
A frisson of anxiety dances down his spine.
Sherlock turns his back on Johnson in order to pull the book off the shelf.
“I look forward to it,” John tells him, meaning it.
Instead he sighs, opens the door, slides onto the smooth buttery leather upholstery and pulls the heavy door shut behind himself.
John lands three more hard blows in quick succession before making a strangled noise, tossing the belt aside and climbing up onto the bed on his knees. He pulls the sodden leash from Sherlock’s mouth, wipes saliva and snot and tears aside, pressing kissed to his hair, his cheek, his wet lips.
“Thanks so much,” Sherlock says.
. It’s the difference between being terrified of the unseen terrors of the dark, and knowing exactly what monsters lurk in the inky depths, the dimensions of their teeth and claws and how best to kill them in a fight.
The woman’s expression shifts from friendly to openly excited. “I know you! I’ve read all your blogs, I watched the true crime special on the ID Network. I’m a huge fan!”
John does a quick bit of math in his head and discovers that Sherlock was five, six at most when that song, a minor hit at best, was briefly on the radio. The realization makes him laugh.
John is about to let him go, pull back and apologise, when Sherlock finally starts to breathe again, quick and shallow.
“Yes sir,” she answers, her tone clipped and professional. “How can I help you?”
John is beyond mortified at how carried away they had gotten, and he’s not even the one in his underwear. Sherlock is sagging against him, panting; John’s trying to think of something to say to quell his burning embarrassment when the door opens again.
“Not an easy man to see, though, is he?”
Of course Sherlock knew. Sherlock knew because he had been reading, learning, getting ready for the birth of John’s child.
The door swings open with a low groaning creak. Sherlock breathes a curse under his breath at the noise.
“From Brennan himself?”
“Nothing as subtle as that. You’re ten miles past merely ripe. You’re pungent. Not to be rude, John, but you stink.”
he thinks. Their relationship, their connection, battered and bruised at every turn and all of it, all of it, even this, set into motion by a single psychotic man reaching out to torment them endlessly, even in death.
Sherlock gives him an odd, careful look.
Defensive anger flares hot and bright in his chest.
… for what I have in mind.”
“Because we’re not the only ones,” Sherlock says quietly. “Are we, Ms. Andrews? The two of us are small potatoes in all this, compared to the big guys who want her out of the picture. CIA, FBI, shadow agencies that don’t even have official names. We’re the first ones, though, the pilot fish. If we’ve gotten this close, then the big ones are right behind us. And you can’t risk that. I don’t give a fig about your business affairs, but the FBI certainly won’t feel the same.”
John closes his eyes, willing away an overpowering wave of vertigo and nausea. For a brief, terrible moment he is certain he’s going to vomit.
John falls asleep mulling these thoughts, feeling something close to content as Sherlock clicks away on his laptop. In the background, dulcet English tones softly tell tales of the Serengeti plain.
But as time passes and the one sided conversation in his head reaches no workable conclusion, he finds himself circling back around to that distasteful, traitorous thought.
“It’s a cashflow issue,” Lee says defensively. “Overseas black market organ transactions are a bit tricky, ya know. It’s not like selling stolen iPads off the back of a truck.”
“The situation could be worse, I suppose,” Sherlock says. “They allowed me to do my own research and select a provider of my choosing, I found someone who has published outstanding postgraduate work, done really fascinating research into people with… issues like mine.”
“I won’t. He’s a right bastard, and I’m still pissed off, but he’s still your brother, and you’re lucky to have each other.” John’s eyes go a bit sad.
His defense mechanisms have failed, just collapsed utterly, and the overwhelming avalanche of emotions, the fear and guilt and worry and grief--they’ve just stampeded over him, flattened him, left him without any semblance of human form or shape.
“I want to sit on your cock,” Sherlock tells him. “I want to fuck myself on your cock and then I’m gonna come all over your chest.”
“Say nothing at all to the authorities,” Sherlock says. “Not of us, not of anything, not a word. It is never in anyone’s best interest to speak to the police. By the end of today it should be obvious who killed Alex Johnson and your involvement in this need never come to light.”
“Not a bloody chance.”
“You think they’re helping her?”
He thinks about how he’s utterly, irretrievably screwed and he knows it, knows it down to his bones.
“You don’t think so?” John huffs a short, humourless bark of angry laughter, then realises he’s taking his anger and worry out on the wrong person. He inhales through his nose, exhales. Closes his eyes. “Sorry. I’m upset.”
Sherlock carefully undoes the heavy black wrapping paper; John turns his head back to watch, looking on expectantly as Sherlock reveals a plain brown cardboard box, no lettering of any kind, end flaps folded under but not taped. He opens one end to find shredded packing material; he digs through the material and pulls out an ivory-coloured model of a bald human head, like that of a very large doll, about four inches high and perhaps three inches in diameter. The dome of the skull is incised with engraved lines, mapping out precise areas; each area is labelled with a neat, careful Victorian hand.
“I suppose,” John finally allows.
Sherlock shakes his head, then drains his drink, sets it on the bedside table and turns to face John, sitting up and leaning forward intently. “John. Listen to me. You did absolutely nothing wrong. You did precisely what I would have done in your position, and I don’t blame you.”
Helicopters. Several of them, coming in fast and low and from the sound of things, now hovering directly overhead.
“Don’t suppose I could trouble you for a smoke?” Sherlock asks.
“That’s a
And the fact is this: the man a grifter, a con man, but not at heart a kidnapper or a killer, and John knows this to be true, knows this slim but real moral high ground is his only shot at leverage. He decides to take a chance; in the end, it’s Atlantic City, and John rolls the dice.
The rope was hemp, natural, dyed black, rough looking but soft to the touch, specially ordered. John was skilled in all manner of knots from his years as both a doctor and a soldier, and it had only taken a few YouTube videos to master several basic techniques.
“Yeah, probably,” John agrees.
“Don’t fall asleep yet, please, okay?” John murmured, earning a muffled “mmmf” from Sherlock as he lay curled in a fetal position, naked and wrecked and hopelessly beautiful to John’s eyes. He carefully unbuckled the collar from around Sherlock’s pale neck and set it on the night table. “On your back, love,” he murmured, and Sherlock complied wordlessly, allowing John to clean his puffy, tear-stained face with the wet flannel. He checked his arms and wrists carefully for abrasions, then ran the cool cloth over his torso, where the marks were already fading, and between his legs, wiping away the worst of the sweat and stickiness. He quickly did the same for himself, then swept most of the clips and towels scattered about the bed onto the floor. He would clean up tomorrow.
“He’s angry with me,” Sherlock says, wrapping himself defensively in his woundedness. “And I didn’t do anything wrong.”
He exhales, shoulders sagging.
The two men sit in uncomfortable silence as the car travels the streets of London and John wrestles his careening thoughts under some semblance of control.
“I can defend myself perfectly well against Chinese delivery boys, thank you very m--”
John has absolutely no response, his mind a jumble of confusing thoughts.
John stares at the man, feeling the ice spreading through his veins. His split lip and bruised face throb with every heartbeat.
“I wasn’t like this when I was a teenager,” Sherlock replies, amused. He brackets John’s hips with his hands, thrusts very deliberately against him. “Now,” he purrs, “where were we?”
He strokes Sherlock’s arm in silence. The frozen, anxious stillness passes, and Sherlock’s body language relaxes just a fraction.
“You were your father’s favorite child when you were younger; Harry was always difficult and was fairly obviously gay by twelve or thirteen, and it enraged your father. When you got old enough you got in between the two of them, and you began to take the brunt of your father’s ire. He violently disapproved of her homosexuality, and likely tried to ‘beat it out of her’ on more than one occasion. You intervened, protecting your sister even though you were smaller and younger, leaving you with festering resentment and Harry with crippling guilt.
“Of course.”
, even in a moment of thoughtless snappishness, is something John will absolutely not tolerate.
“Postpartum endometritis,” John says, and his voice is robotic and far away, even to himself, as the part of his brain that’s still functioning shifts into distant, professional mode. “That’s what the antibiotics are for. Likely caused by incomplete uterine involution after birth, due to inexperienced attendants or an unattended birth.” He turns to Sherlock. “Jennifer Hallman said Mary wasn’t visibly pregnant when she saw her. And there’s lochia here--the bleeding that occurs after delivery--in amounts that far exceed normal, but no evidence of birth fluids, or placental or fetal remains. She didn’t give birth here.”
“I saw that, you know,” Sherlock murmurs, his voice a deep rumble, almost sexy, before the effect is ruined by another violent shiver.
“Mister Holmes?” a feminine voice murmurs. Her posh, cultured accent is warming and comforting, wrapping around John like a cashmere blanket, Hobnobs and tea next to a roaring fire on a rainy London evening.
“I...am,” John says, not quite sure how to react.
,” he grumbles, mostly for something to say, declining to address Sherlock’s statement directly.
The man jots down the order. “Nineteen oh-eight, please.”
It’s why he and John keep most of their weekends free, in order to make the trip out to the house in the country. Sherlock had never before thought of himself as a weekdays-only sort of detective, and it’s not forever, of course. Lily is only going to be little once, is what he and John tell each other, every time they find themselves at the train station again on a Friday afternoon.
He swallows them down because Sherlock is waiting for him, waiting patiently for John to say something. His hard-won understanding, however, is still too raw and fresh and inchoate to speak aloud, so he says the very next best thing instead.
Rosie wanted to make each and every member of the
When they got to St. Bart's, the trio practically flew to the doors and into Molly's lab- after the driver got his pay and the extra 50 quid.  Sherlock placed the dish on the counter and nodded to Molly. They got to work silently. Rosie and John stayed out of the way. The silence was deafening but noise would only be a distraction. John suddenly lifted his head.
Rosie entered Mrs. Hudson's flat and found her in the kitchen, sitting at the table.
As Hamish was 7 years younger than Rosie it would make sense if he was about 7 grade levels lower than she was, but no, he was one. Rosie was 10 and in fifth grade at the top of her class when Hamish was 3 and moved up to fourth grade. The boy stunned the teachers with his incredible intelligence. All of his classmates were about three times his age and he was still the top of the class in overall test scores. And although some thought that this would make the girl jealous, they were wrong. It made her protective. She didn't want her brother to be hurt because of his smarts (at least he wasn't a showoff like Dad). Rosie was average height for her age but a bit stronger and more muscular; and Rosie was not stupid, she was smart, but Hamish was a genius. Hamish was a genius and tall for his age, but extremely lanky. He did not stand much chance if ever attacked, so she became his personal bodyguard protecting him from the jealous people he unintentionally made feel stupid. John and Sherlock didn't try to hide how proud they were of their kids.
"Sherlock, this isn't an-"
She wondered if Davies would keep his wrist and leg. Shooting the joints the way they did, they may have to be amputated. Not that she felt all that sorry for him.
Carrying Hamish she walked to the edge of the room and picked up her gun. Rosie ignored the body of the guard sprawled on the floor. She crept down the hallway slowly, looking for thugs who had come to check on their hostage.
with a man, and Sherlock's first at all.
Hamish regains consciousness.
"You leave Rosie alone!" cried the boy before he knew what was coming out of his mouth.
Hamish was tired. Emotionally and physically. Everything hurt and he just wanted to got home. He knew that Rosie would be missing him and he missed her too. He felt the new tooth poking around in his mouth and the swelling on his cheek and around his eye. He felt the dried blood on his wrist and the blisters on his ankles. He felt the stiffness in his jaw and the emptiness in his stomach. He felt himself become sleepy and almost happy as the pain reducers took effect. Hamish was so thankful he was out of there. In the dark and silence alone, for hours. Cramped. Thankful they didn't do anything more, because all that was way too much. Proud that Rosie came to get him, and that his family had figured it out. And angry. Angry that people wanted to hurt his family. Angry that they wanted to hurt ROSIE like that. Adults wanting to torture children seemed like a new kind of depraved.
"Now," said Sherlock, "we find him." With that the only consulting detective ran down to the flat and returned with a petri dish and a chisel. John and Rosie stepped back as Sherlock knelt to the ground and produced chips from the wooden floors- where the black light had shown the foot prints- and into the dish. As soon as he got a portion that suited him, he closed the dish, tucked it in his pocket and  swept out the door and down out of the stairs to the flat; the other two following quickly. He called a cab and whipped out his phone while he stepped into the back seat. "St. Bart's. Quickly, and you might get an extra 50 quid." They were off like the wind. The food Rosie had bought  was left to spoil on the floor.
Rosie heard shots fire upstairs. They had to get out of there.
John and Sherlock rushed down the  stairs. The couple had taken down all the attackers on the upper floor, which happened to be the main hang-out. They had heard the gunshot a few moments ago and anxiety gripped their hearts and squeezed their lungs.
"You have to go!" he cried. "They want to hurt you! You have to leave."
"What'll the word be?" asked John. He wasn't really on board with Rosie going in, let alone by herself. The idea of her getting caught made his stomach flop and his parental instincts were going crazy.
"That's why you don't mess with a Watson- Holmes." She stood up and cried out against the pain in her arm. John was by her side in a flash, and the family made their way out of the building to the police and ambulances waiting outside.
She picked up a sizable rock and aimed it for his head before instead aiming up for the light. She probably won't be able to knock him out with it and only had one shot. She brought back her arm and threw it.
"Noah Davies; a gang-leader we put back away some 6 years ago. He ran guns and drugs and indirectly murder 7 people. Other higher ups were arrested and the what was thought the rest of the gang disbanded. Lestrade had called us in because an inmate had disappeared from his cell seemingly without a trace. That inmate was him," Sherlock replied, trying to remain stoic and focused.
When Hamish woke up, the first thing he noticed was the pounding in his head. The second was the pure terror he felt because his groggy mind refused to focus and the room before him was pitch black. The third was the bonds. He was seated in a wooden chair, his hands tied behind him and his ankles to the legs. His lap and chest were also bound, just in case. Hamish thought this to be excessive for a sick and frightened little boy. But as his mind became clearer he realized that the kidnappers did know his dad, so they probably expected him to have the escape-artist talent of Sherlock. Unfortunately he did not, even if he did look the part. Hamish was very tall and thin- like his Dad, but lacking the hidden strength. The boy did have the coal-black curls and a slim face which promised a pointed chin and sharp cheekbones as he got older. Hamish had the pale shut-in skin of his Dad's and deep, thoughtful eyes which were quite startling on a 7 year old. Although the boy's were a bit darker and not as cold; and nearsighted. Not being able to see either way, Hamish thought back, his head getting clearer. Rosie left for the store at just after 5:30. The men dressed as plumbers came about 3 minutes later. They had knocked him out with chloroform, which meant he had to be out for at least twenty minutes, maybe longer.
^*^*^*^*^
Sherlock never asked for help, and the fact that he was doing it now worried Molly. "What's happened?"
Neither of them saw Davies reach for his gun.
"Papa! Dad!" cried the little boy.
"Granny, I'm so glad you're alright! You haven't seen anyone come into or out of the flat have you?" Rosie said, her eyes puffy from the tears.
"Rosie did that?!" exclaimed Lestrade in surprise. "I mean- wow." Greg turned on his light and followed the ambulances down the road, away from the building. "That's incredible."
"So that's how they knew when we would leave!" exclaimed Sherlock. "And how they avoided suspicion. Hamish is a smart boy! With his last few moments before being taken he wrote what he saw. The people who took him were dressed as plumbers, wearing badges that read 'Wilson Plumbing Co.' W-i-l. Our boy is small and would be not struggle to put in a case or bag-" Sherlock saying those last 6 words with so much disgust that is almost scared Rosie. "I thought we took down their whole gang, but no; we were  being watched."
She leaned down, wrapping Hamish's arms once again around her neck and lifting him up into her arms. He wrapped his legs around her waist. Rosie tucked her hand beneath him to support the majority of his weight so he wouldn't have too. Hamish again rested his head in her shoulder. Rosie felt his stiff form melt into her as he closed his eyes and took calm breaths. He knew she would get them out of there, and she would.
The trio quickly entered the cab and Sherlock again made a bribe to encourage speed. This time, the ride wasn't silent.
"Thank you Dad," the man's short doppelganger replied. "And Rosie-"
"No, everything is not alright. I can't find my violin! Dad, Papa, have you seen my violin?"
When John moved back into 221b after Mary's death, he found the pain easier to deal with than when he was alone. Rosie absolutely loved Sherlock, so John wasn't necessarily surprised when she began to call Sherlock "Da-da" too. Being with the two people he loved the most let John accept the past and move on.
"Well look who's awake!" came a voice from the darkness. Hamish was frozen with fear. He recognized that voice. He said nothing but yelped as light flooded the dark room, assaulting his eyes. He snapped his eyes shut, but he began to gradually open them as his eyeballs adjusted. The floor and walls were the same color grey, making it hard to tell where one ended and the other began. From what Hamish could tell, he was probably in the center of a square room. He was facing what he believed to be a door less than 4 yards away and to his right what appeared to be a boarded-up window. There were 2 fuzzy figures to his left, they were close enough that the boy could tell that they were both men and close to middle aged. Hamish cursed not having his glasses, as he was unable to deduce anything more without his sight.
Silence.
like my name!").
Rosie was just on the verge of what she felt an important realization when Sherlock shot out of his chair. They had been there for an hour which was record time, but it felt like an eternity.
Rosie wondered how he had escaped from prison, where he was serving several life terms. Maybe some of Pentonville's employees were in fact part of the gang, or some gangsters had threatened prison staff. The latter seemed more likely, but that would mean the gang was much more influential than originally thought. Rosie began to believe that her parents had just taken down a branch of a much larger operation; and that filled her with fear.
The guard was still unconscious but they both gave him a swift kick to the ribs, to be sure. Rosie had left the door unlocked, so getting in wasn't an issue. The men each took out the guns they kept on them and prepared themselves. They saw the staircase and the hall and making the same deductions Rosie had, they headed for the stairs. They were cut short by noises from down the hall. They went in the direction of the noise to make sure it wasn't their children. They were greeted with gunfire.
Rosie stood up, it was then that she noticed the old vomit. Hamish always got threw up when he got scared and the fact that those thugs scared him, but then didn't have the decently to clean up filled her with hatred. But what was she expecting?
"Because he's trying to make a point. When we put him behind bars, he had two children of his own. Twin girls, they were 8 at the time. Davies wife never took them to see him; in fact, she moved to a different country and changed all of their names. The wife claimed to have had no idea that her husband was in a gang and said she thought he really was a plumber. I personally believed that she moved, not for fear or shame of her husband, but to try to avoid proof of her involvement. He didn't get to see his children grow up," Sherlock explained.
John and Sherlock waited in anxious silence.
"Hamish! I'm so glad you're alright," said Sherlock scooping him into his arms.
"No," Sherlock didn't even look up from his microscope. "The note wanted us to 'wait for the next message'. Davies had 6 yeas to plan. He's not extremely mentally capable, but he would assume that sentiment would cloud our judgement and we would go there anyway. It could be a trap or a decoy, a decoy that could possibly prove to be harmful to Hamish if we 'break the rules'. We have to be certain of his whereabouts before doing anything; we can't start playing Davies' game." Sherlock looked up from his microscope and wrote something on his notepad and then began to mix more chemicals and debris to put under a microscope. The room returned to silence.
to protect Hamish, because they would't kill him or me, not at that moment anyway."
Rosie ran her hand through her dirty-blonde hair, folding her fingers to fists at her scalp. "Christ." This scene was messier; with obvious signs of a struggle. There were minor scuff marks on the floor and Hamish's bed sheets were thrown about. His favorite glasses were lying in a crushed pile underneath his nightstand. She walked to the bed and found a piece of parchment with the message written in black ink,
"Hamish was taken from the flat coming to about hour ago now. I have debris from the soles of the kidnappers' shoes. I need to find him Molly, and I need your help."
No one in the room liked it, but they silently agreed that Rosie would have to go in. Alone.
It seemed that Rosie had been asking for a sibling since she could talk, so when that was all she asked for for her 6th birthday, John and Sherlock got talking. Since John already had a biological child, they decided that Sherlock should father the next. It took time, but they hired a surrogate, who was then artificially inseminated, then finally, 14 months after Rosie's 6th birthday party, 9 after the pregnancy started, a baby boy was born. He was on the smaller side but still healthy and already had his father's wild black curls. Rosie cried tears of joy the first time she held him. The three decided on the name Hamish William Watson- Holmes.
^*^*^*^*^
John was kneeling in front of Rosie. He ripped a part of his shirt off and tied it above her wound. She winced.  When he finished and stood up, Rosie wrapped her arms around him and he reciprocated.
Hamish had stopped struggling a while ago now. A little after the men had left the loss of his senses started to make him feel crazy. He screamed, struggled and pulled, but only succeeded in breaking the skin on his right wrist and gaining a raw throat. Now he only focused on keeping calm. He didn't know how long he'd been there or what time it was. So lost in thought, he didn't hear the guard outside his door get attacked, but heard the door open. He wondered if it was the 'boss' and prepared himself.
"Hm?"
Rosie held her brother in her arms and remembered the first time she did so.
"Who's there?!"
"Wait for the next message. No cops."
John stepped out onto the aisle. He looked around at all his friends and family. Harry, Mrs.Hudson, Angelo, Irene, Molly, and Mycroft(?!) to name a few. Up at the alter he saw Lestrade, who had gotten ordained for the occasion. He saw Mike, his best man, and (for some reason) Bill as Sherlock's. And then there was Sherlock himself. John couldn't help but chuckle as he remembered when he asked Sherlock why he was okay with all this sentimental stuff and Sherlock replied quite matter-of-factly "Because I get to be with you and everyone else knows. Now leave me alone, I need to finish this for a case". Sherlock looked so handsome. With his black suit and blacker mess of curly hair against his alabaster skin. The 'I dos' came quickly and the kiss was long and sweet.
"Could 'Wil' have anything to do with it?" asked Rosie, taking the light from Sherlock and shining it on the wall.
With that Sherlock entered the flat to make tea and John went to get the 1 1/2 year old from Mrs. Hudson. After tucking Rosie into her crib in his room, John joined Sherlock downstairs. They sipped tea and sat in peaceful silence for a good half hour until John shuffled upstairs with a "G'night".
Molly let the phone ring once. She didn't necessarily want to talk to Sherlock now, but the man preferred to text instead of call so this must be important.
Then Rosie felt the pain.
The truth is hes not gay, might not even be pan or bi because he only ever felt this way about a man with Sherlock. But as the dates continued and the months passed, John just ignored the other people or would even joke that he was Holmesexual
"Vegetation, cement, plaster, paper. Someplace with all these things. Where. Where? WHERE!" He closed his eyes, going into his mind-palace to a map of England. His hand swatted the air as if bat invisible things aside. He froze and opened his eyes. "Hughes Paper Factory! It's been abandoned for a while now and it's not far from here."
Rosie opened the door, it only took her a minute to find the key. She opened the door and the little light from the outside flooded the room. She saw the outline of what she had been hoping to see for hours. She flicked switched, the first modern light she'd seen since she entered the building. She dropped her gun.
The light flooded his eyes and when he was able to opened them again, he saw the outline of what he hadn't dared to hope for.
With Hamash gone, the remaining Watson-Holmes' work on finding him.
Rosie hoped that Hamish's separation anxiety wasn't as bad as hers. She wanted to be with him now, more than ever. Hamish needed a familiar face after what had just happened. Rosie needed to keep an eye on him, make sure he didn't disappear again. She smiled to herself: her parents may be getting older, but not any slower.
^*^*^*^*^
to get into fights? The little boy was quiet and rarely ever cried. And he loved to listen.
"Well no, dear," Mrs. Hudson replied. "But I just got back from dinner with the girls 10 minutes ago. Are you alight, you look a bit flushed?"
"Na, the boss said not to do anything 'till he got back," replied the other guy. "But I don't think it's gonna happ'n either way. He's too sickly to do much without killing him, and besides, most of it was meant for the other kid anyway. She's hardier. Too bad we couldn't get her too; boss might have 'r arses for this."
Sherlock cleared his throat, "You know how I feel about sentiment, extremely pointless and a waste of time, but..." He took a deep breath. "But i have found that I do appreciate your company and was wondering if you would like to go out with me for dinner one night?"
John saw Davies bleeding on the floor and Rosie struggling to her feet with a large crimson stain in her clothing. He shot Davies in the wrist.
^*^*^*^*^
Rosie stumbled her way to the stairs, now mostly leaning on John. The pent up emotions had left her body, leaving only relief but mostly pain. Tears stung at the edges of her eyes. Her shoulder was sticky and the agony was unlike any she had every felt before. She could't bear to look at it. Instead she looked at Hamish. Curled up in Sherlock's arms, he looked so innocent and peaceful.
^*^*^*^*^
She saw the hallway connecting to the staircase and quickened her pace. They were almost free.
^*^*^*^*^
It was 18 months later and Rosie was 3 when she got John's room to herself and John slept regularly in Sherlock's. It was at about the same time that John had his first
"Red Hen."
"I'll go in first and once I've secured Hamish, I'll text you to come in and call Lestrade." Rosie didn't even sound scared; the mix of adrenaline, anger and hope running through her body blocked away fear and forced her to focus. "I'll need a code word for if I get caught. I don't want them to bait you in."
Rosie thought back to a couple of moments before to when she called him an idiot, and giggled. Hamish rarely ever talked, let alone made jokes and the fact that he made one in this situation made it even more funny.
^*^*^*^*^
When the pair arrived at Bakerstreet they barged through the door and ran up the stairs. There they found Rosamund standing off to the side, waiting and unable to look her parents in the eyes. John put a comforting hand on her shoulder before joining Sherlock at the bed, who was already investigating. He took the black light and looked at the shoe prints.
She finished cutting all the binds and pulled her baby brother into a tight hug. He felt so frail, like he was about to break. He wrapped his arms around her neck and rested the right side of his face against her shoulder to avoid putting pressure on the bruises. Rosie quickly pulled out her phone and texted Papa.
The staircase opened into a small room which in turn opened into a wide hall. She walked to the hall slowly, looking for guards. None .She walked down the hall for a while, old doors occasionally popping up on the walls. The hall took a left hand turn. Rosie pinned herself against the wall and quickly poked her head around to the corner. There standing in front of another new door was a woman. She was 6' tall with long black hair and dead eyes. Rosie brought her head back and stood up straight. Approaching the guard would be too open. Rosie needed to bring the guard to her. She scuffed her shoes on the floors, drawing attention to herself. The guard perked up.
"You like my snarky comments," Sherlock said.  When did he every think that and why?
It was funny how Sherlock said fire exposed people's priorities, had saved John from a fire and was here treating him like utter rubbish.  Either Sherlock was lying, or he was a huge hypocrite.
"I'm guessing she's an older woman judging from the grey hair strand," John said, trying his best to gather information on the victim.
"I didn't know.  I noticed," Sherlock said with a soft smile.
"Why?" Sherlock asked.
“I-I…I’m sorry…I want to stay with you forever I do…but I have needs…desires” John began to say.
"What's not?" Sherlock asked.  He stepped towards John.
"I'm going to get a drink," John said. He stood up and returned to his seat with scotch on the rocks.  He was going to need a drink to handle anymore of this night.
And that was a difficult revelation to have.  Everyone had been made clear that he was not gay, not that it helped because they never believed him.  His heart; however, was telling him that it didn't matter whether Sherlock possessed freaking grapes in his crotch.  He was in love with him.  Maybe he was bisexual and never knew.  Maybe Sherlock was just that special of a person.  Whatever the reason, John couldn't deny his feelings any longer to himself.  The hard part would be keeping it from Sherlock.
“A hate crime?  I-I’m sorry am I missing something here?” he asked.  Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"I still don't understand.  Is Eric your-," and before John could finish his sentence, Eric did it for him.
"What case?  You haven't told me about any cases," John said as he followed Sherlock.  Though Sherlock sat, John stood.
"But we were having such fun," Sherlock said.
“Yes…I already planned everything before I came to the school.  In all honesty the case was easy for me.  I just thought about helping the LGBT out a bit” Sherlock said, seeming unfazed by John’s hand.  John looked down and took his hand away.
"It's not rude to point out the truth," Eric said, matching the smile that mused on Sherlock's face.
‘Then I ask again, why are you back?  If I caused you that much misery why are you back here?!  Is it so you at least have some company of some sort, until you run off and leave me again for something better?  Is that it?!  Or are you genuinely missing me and plan to stay here?  Because it sounds like you plan to stay here temporarily” Sherlock said giving John not an expression of anger or sadness, but an expression of pain.  The room was completely silent by this point.  Everyone was paying attention.   Every word was being soaked in.  John stayed quiet.  Sherlock spoke again.
It was embarrassing.  Every time he was with them, he felt that he was embarrassing himself.  Of course he got Sherlock's order wrong.  It made sense that he ordered noodles.  What was he thinking ordering him squid?
“May I help you?” the man asked them.  John looked up at Sherlock waiting for his response.
"Like friends!  Your family, who you're dating.  Me!" John said.
"You are lucky.  You already look handsome, and you don't even have this coat," Sherlock said as he gave Eric's hand a gentle squeeze.
"It's a woman's jumper.  You can tell by the deodorant smell from the pits and the perfume stench," Eric said.
"What?"
"You don't think I know?  John, you're so obvious that even a blind person could see your jealousy," Sherlock said as he wiped away the tears on his face.
"This place is nice," Eric commented, taking a look around to see that most women had a designer bag.
As John shivered back into his flat, he saw that the place was a little messier than when he had left it.  Wrapping paper was tossed on the floor, and streamers were shredded.  It looked like quite the party.   Undressing himself, he heard a familiar deep chuckle arise from the living area.  Then, he saw it.  Sherlock was settled by the fire in his seat.
"Why isn't Eric hosting his own party?" John asked.
"It was really nice to meet you John, but I better get going," Eric said.  Knowing he had won that fight, he leaned down and gave Sherlock a quick peck on the lips.  "I'll talk to you later, yeah?" he murmured against the curly haired one's lips.
Even Molly tried going on cases with Sherlock, and it didn't work.  John thought he was the only crime solving partner for Sherlock.  And here Sherlock was, easily replacing him with a taller, handsomer, and smarter male.  What was the point of crime solving together if he was going to be left out?  It hurt John to see how easily replaceable he was.
"What can I get for you?" Melanie asked Eric.
“Don’t you think we will be frowned upon from faculty for being...boyfriends” he put quotes on the word ‘boyfriends’.  Sherlock shook his head.
“We have one!” Sherlock shouted excitedly.  John looked over at his friend extremely confused.
“Oh?  And what’s that?” John asked.
“I know now...why you had us pretend we are a couple.  It was to catch that kid” he said.
“So what was it you wanted to discuss?” he asked.  He set his coat on the hanger and turned around, only to have him be pulled down into a giant snog.  Yes, John Watson kissed Sherlock Holmes.  John pulled away softly.
“Fine.  But you tell this to no one!” John warned.  Sherlock nodded.
John took another look at it.  "This is a guy's jumper based on the size of it," he said.
"He'll have water to drink and the salmon salad with Italian dressing and do hold the olives," Sherlock ordered.  He waited for Melanie to finish writing on her notepad before continuing.
“John, I am going to ask this of you merely for professional purposes and for the investigation.  I promise you there are no ulterior motives when I ask this of you” Sherlock started to say.  That started to worry John.  What was Sherlock blabbering on about?
“God do you have to be right about everything Sherlock!  For once could you just not think about showing off and be concerned with how I feel!” he shouted.  He knew he shouldn’t be upset.  But Sherlock was the first person John felt comfortable coming out to and Sherlock was being his usual obnoxious self.
“Today’s topic is love…loss.  We are going to improvise today, with these concepts” the man began to say.  He looked at Sherlock and John with a sudden idea in mind.  John began to squirm in his seat.  “You two are a couple yes?” he asked the two.
“Let me-“ Sherlock took a step closer to him.  “Let me fulfill those needs.  If you need someone to hold you I will hold you.  If you need someone to love then love me.  If you need someone to kiss…kiss me” Sherlock said.  John looked up at him, almost fully convinced it wasn’t an act.  This was how Sherlock really felt.  But then he remembered this was Sherlock.  Sherlock never had feelings for anyone before…he thought.
"You were busy working at the clinic.  Eric's schedule is fairly loose," Sherlock said casually.  His tongue managed to scrape the rest of the salt from his draining glass.
"Not at all.  It made me love it more actually," Eric said.  John sat there in disbelief.
While John was attempting to keep up with the two, they were too busy walking ahead with their hands woven together.  Every time John tried to interject into the conversation, he was interrupted by a stupid comment from Eric.  Sherlock didn't acknowledge him either.  Instead, he focused on what Eric was saying and continued their banter as if their smaller companion was invisible.  John felt like a ghost that was trapped in the human world, not able to communicate on the outside.
“Yeah, but he’s just a faggot!” a boy yelled out making some of his friends laugh.  Sherlock’s brows furrowed and he leapt offstage and closer to the boy.
"I think I will," John said.
"All of this is Sherlock's," Eric said with a smirk adorning his face.  "Minus the briefs," he added.
“I-I just wanted to say…gosh this is hard for me..um..I’m- I’m bisexual” John admitted.  Sherlock just stared at him.
"Yes," he said.
"Yes?" Sherlock asked, unfazed that it was John and not Eric.  Eric wouldn't have knocked on the door.  He would've let himself in and accompanied him with a cheesy pickup line.
"Decorations," Sherlock said as he finished hanging up the last streamer on his chair.
"You're so funny," Eric cackled as he nudged the brunette next to him.
"Why does it matter?" Sherlock asked in annoyance.
Congratulations.
Still refusing to answer any of John’s questions Sherlock said “Get up John, we need to move quickly!”  John hurried himself up and began to follow Sherlock out of their flat.  Sherlock got the attention of a taxi and piled inside, John following.
"Below amateur,"
"The jumper?" John asked.
"Precisely," Sherlock said.
"Then why do you have that ring?" John asked.
"I'm not.  I broke up with him yesterday," Sherlock affirmed
"Yes, but one is to show care for your partner and another was the result of selfish acts," John said standing strongly in place.
"Remember that time you saved me from a fire?" John said to Sherlock randomly.
"Because I'm sick of seeing him everywhere.  I haven't been able to talk to you for months without his snarky comments," John said.
"I thought many things were important to you, but it's clear where your priorities lie," John said as he got up.
"Five foot seven, actually," John shot back.
A new feeling washed over him.   It was happiness.  John was in love, and the feeling was mutual.  The brilliant and handsome detective had somehow fallen in love with this pudgy hobbit.  Sherlock wasn't the relationship type, but here he was seeming open to the possibility.  His heart warmed.  Love was starting to give him this high and make John feel like he could literally fly away at any given moment.
“Yes, why John?” Sherlock said looking around the school while taking metal notes.  John frowned.
"What?" Sherlock said, a smirk rising on his face.  That was not the reaction he expected.
"Like what?" Sherlock asked.
Of course he was going to ask questions.  Sherlock was the master manipulator.  He could be messing with John for his own amusement.  John wasn't going to give him the satisfaction until he was positive that Sherlock was being honest about his feelings.  It was near impossible to convince him after all the crap Sherlock had put him through the past several months.
"There's a first time for everything," Sherlock said.
"It's not fair," John said gently.
“Come on John, I think we should see the actual crime scene now” he said angrily while grabbing John’s hand.  John was confused as to why they didn’t see the crime scene first, but he didn’t want to question Sherlock now, especially while he was still pissy.
Yes, it was part of dating.  But that was the weird thing.  Sherlock wasn't the guy that picked up on dating queues.  Why was he now?  What made Eric so special?
"What the hell was that?" John asked, focusing his attention to Sherlock.  His arms folded defensively across his chest.
"Why?" Sherlock asked perplexed.
“Since when have you needed all this stuff?” John asked.  Sherlock had never really brought much with him to any investigation before.  What was so different now?
“Why are…why are you here?” Sherlock asked, choking on the sentence.  John shrugged.
"And me?" John asked.
"I'm going out," John said, not even bother to put his jacket back on and making his way towards the door.
Sherlock took John’s hand and stroked it with his thumb gently.  “I’m sorry…that was insensitive of me…I’m glad John, that you came out to me” he smiled softly at him.  John looked away, embarrassed and hurt.  Sherlock leaned down and gently kissed him.
"Well, other people are here.  It shouldn't be that difficult to remember," John said.
"I don't care!  Sometimes, there are more important things in life than just work," John said.
"Close but not quite," Sherlock said.
"What the hell is so bloody funny?" John asked, starting to feel embarrassed.  He crossed his arms defensively and glared at him.  How was this a joke?
So, when Sherlock said, "Let's all go for a walk."  John knew that there weren't innocent intentions behind that suggestion.  If anything, he probably just wanted to see other people's reactions to them quarreling.
They walked down the narrow hallway until Sherlock opened the door to a room filled with printers.
"Are you a police officer?" John asked.
This had been right.  This was what was supposed to happen.  John and Sherlock were against the rest of the world, holding hands without handcuffs and loving each other for the rest of their days.
"I think this is my queue to leave," Eric said as he started getting up.
"Sherlock, I know when you're trying to pull one over me.  Tell me what this ring is for," John demanded.  He was so close to snapping.  His body was tensing and telling him to tackle Sherlock for being so difficult.
"Both are surprises," Sherlock said.  Taking a step back, he peered around and walked up to streamers to tweak their placement.
"That's fascinating John.  Good for you," Eric said.
"I guess he doesn't notice as well as you do," Eric said offhandedly.
"I notice things," John defended, giving a stern look at him.
Not in a million bloody years was John going to let Sherlock just marry some bloke for a case.  He would be legally bound to this man.  And John didn't know how much more heartache he could take.  He had lost him so many times.  Losing Sherlock for the five hundredth time might actually break him.
Sherlock cleared his throat.  "Well, it was nice to see you Eric," Sherlock said, trying to break the tension.
"Oh.  In any case, I'm sure I'll be done with it soon enough,"
“And now you’re here…begging for me?  You left me you know.  You left and got married, and didn’t keep in contact with me for three years!” Sherlock said building up anger and suspense.
"Yeah?  What's that?" Eric asked.  He placed his elbow on the table and rested his hand on his chin, gazing up at Sherlock with dreamy eyes.
John strongly approached the couple and pulled up a chair, seating himself between them and noticing the drinks in their hands.  Sherlock had a margarita with salt, and a dry martini was resting in Eric's hand.
The three approached the restaurant.  Eric opened the clear door with gold lining for his boyfriend.  Just as John started to walk through, Eric let go of the door and followed Sherlock.  Dick.  John sighed and squeezed through the small space before the door squished his hedgehog body.
"Eric," Sherlock said.  What? Did the bloke survive an illness or something?  The giant banner that read "Happy Birthday" told him all he needed to know.  Eric was going to be eight hundred years old.
"Yes," John said confidently as he placed his menu down.
"That's not the same thing,"
"If I had to," Sherlock said.  He let go of John's wrist and watched it drop to his side.  John turned around and faced the taller.
"The way you turn up your collar makes you look ten times more handsome," Eric said with a great smile on his face.  That was John's line!
“Yes…she left me” John said in defeat.  The kids seemed to be intrigued by the intenseness.
"I don't.  I thought after Janine it would've been fairly obviously by now that if I'm dating someone, it's for a case," Sherlock said.  He left the doorway to go sit in their living area.
And there was that little beam of hope he needed.  Sherlock didn't ask Eric for his opinion.  He asked for John's.  That must mean he values him at least a little more than that jerk Eric.  Eric was probably extremely useless.  Most male models aren't known for their intellect, unlike doctors.
“Are you kidding me Sherlock? Because if this is some kind of joke it isn’t very funny!” John began to shout.  He didn’t want to be made of as some kind of fool.  He knew things were weird from the very beginning about this.
"I can tell him that you're only dating him for a case," John said.
“Yes…but why?  You left me three years ago and suddenly you want to just barge back into my life” Sherlock said accusingly.
"Oh, John.  Did you enjoy your walk?" Sherlock asked as he sipped his drink and licked the salt off the rim.  He smacked his lips together and glanced at him expectantly.
“Of course I did.  He’s just like any other criminal.” Sherlock said.  John sighed.  He shyly held Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock could tell he was lying but decided to play along.
That would show Eric.  Sherlock had never done such a romantic gesture like saving Eric from a fire.  That was how real relationships happened.  You do anything to protect the one you care for.  Didn't Sherlock know that?  Perhaps, Sherlock couldn't see that he was in love too.  Or he really was just married to his work.
"Mycroft sent it to me a couple days ago in case I did need to propose," Sherlock explained.
"My apologies.  I've never been good with short measurements," Eric said with the corner of his lips tugging into a smile.
WARNING: There is discussion of how a person was k*lled when they deduce a jumper.  There is a mention of blood. If this is a sensitive topic, then go to the next chapter!
"I know.  He never wears that one though.  Mycroft gave it to him for his birthday last year,"  Eric munched on the cereal John didn't notice he had been eating and licked away milk from the sides of his mouth.
“No, keep it down John” Sherlock scolded him.  John sighed and looked up at Sherlock irritated but complied.  Sherlock continued.  “If I tell you now I have a feeling you will overdo things…just go along with it for now and it will all make sense in the end” Sherlock stated.  John really didn’t want to be Sherlock’s boyfriend, for real or for pretend.  But he knew to trust Sherlock.  He knew Sherlock didn’t have any interest in him and he needed to do this for the case even if the reason was not clarified.
"What does that even mean?" Sherlock asked.
"Who is this?" John asked in a demanding voice, not even bothering to look at Sherlock when he asked the question.  The mystery man was a head taller than him, but John was determined to prove that he wasn't intimidated in the slightest.
“Scene!  That was brilliant Sherlock!  It was almost as if this was real” the teacher smiled.
"Oh," John said.
“Right…so I guess this is over too” he said pointing to the two of them.  Sherlock frowned.
"I'd say it's new because the material is still in tact.  The owner is clean because it is perfectly white.  And it looks like they received some sort of injury, a head injury maybe," John said, eyeing Sherlock for approval.
"I knew you'd pick that up, considering you're a model too," Sherlock said, looking over at Eric with a short smile on his face.
"John, I'm afraid you don't understand the concept of receiving a blessing.  I don't need your blessing to marry Eric.  I need his father's," Sherlock said lowly.
And Eric is in John's chair.  His bloody chair.
"I almost put it on before he told me not to.  He said he didn't want me reminding him of his brother," Eric said.  John looked away and took a sip of his coffee, forgetting it was hot and hissed in pain at the scourging of his tongue.  He smiled through the pain.
"That doesn't mean you have to literally marry your work," John said.
"Look at the blood pattern on the shirt.  There's seeping around the collar and dripping down the front of the shirt.  That suggests the person's throat was slashed when they were standing up.  If it had been when they were laying down, gravity wouldn't have pulled it so low to the shirt.  It's evident this person wasn't injured below the neck because there aren't any holes in the jumper," Eric said as if it were the most simplest explanation.
John angrily went across the room and came back with a wooden stool.  He placed it a foot from Eric and stood on top of it, now towering over him.
"Or she met the wrong people.  Someone who tried so hard to dress well and wanted fame online probably was catfished online.  Perhaps, a predator told her that he could make her famous.  I guess he achieved that but not in the way she wanted," Eric said.
“Okay wonderful!  What are your names?” he asked.
“Kiss me” Sherlock demanded, sucking John out of his thoughts and back into reality.  John gulped and was about to back away when Sherlock bent down and planted a small but deep kiss onto John’s lips.  It last only five seconds, but felt longer.
"I know what a blessing is Sherlock.  I'm saying that I'm not going to sit here and watch you get engaged to someone you barely know," John said.
"No, he was being rude.  You don't tell someone that based off of their diet and jacket, you can tell that their daughter is obese," John said as he walked up to Sherlock's side and gave Sherlock a look of disapproval.  Sherlock didn't pay any mind.
“What is it?”
“Another case John, keep up!” Sherlock walked into the kitchen and began searching for things.  He started to grab objects John was not familiar with.  John shut his laptop and placed it aside.  He watched Sherlock eagerly look for things.  They hadn’t had a case in two months so he understood Sherlock’s excitement.
“Oh don’t play dumb with me.  You killed your teacher.  You were struggling internally because you are gay.  But you wanted to kill your teacher hoping that “God” would forgive you for being gay if you did him a favor.  You also were hoping “God” could take away your homosexuality.  You wanted to prove to yourself that you aren’t that gay because you killed one of your own kind.  And if someone were to suspect you of killing your teacher you could say you are gay, knowing they wouldn’t suspect a gay person of committing a homophobic crime.  No you knew the police would suspect a more openly homophobic student.  But I am not the police.  And I can see right through your act” Sherlock said.  The boy started to cry, hard.
"Sherlock,"
"What?  Stay here so you can mess with me some more.  I'd rather not," John said angrily.  He turned to leave again but was forced to stay in his spot by that iron grip.
How could he be encouraging this sort of behavior?  Sherlock needed someone that would put him in his place, not allow him to continue on the way he was.  It was vital that Sherlock let his heart cloud his judgement at times, such as commenting on a person's weight.
One evening John was sitting in his chair while on his laptop reading comments from his blog when suddenly Sherlock burst into the room, surprisingly not making John jump as he was used to this.
"The pleasure is all mine," Eric said in a deep posh accent.  Their hands returned to their sides, and all that was left were stares.  The silence was filled by small breaths and fidgeting movement from the trio.
When Holmes finally drew back, he pressed their foreheads together with a contented sigh. Watson threaded his fingers between Holmes’s as they separated and sat back, side by side against the wall. Holmes’s breathing came slowly, evenly, and he closed his eyes for the first peaceful moment he must have had in weeks.
Holmes moved to rest his palm on Watson's cheek, and Watson leaned into it, letting his eyes fall shut.
Watson sat in terse silence for a while before speaking again. “I wish you would at least eat something,” he said quietly.
A fierce, heaving fit sent Holmes forward again to his knees, and he pulled out three roses on their thorny stems, one after the other, unable to stifle the pained sob which followed. He spit blood as Watson caressed his back, and with his other hand on his chest, eased him again to sitting. Holmes clung to his fingers, and Watson couldn’t determine if the tears were from the force of his coughing spell or from his own grief.
“You’re angry because I’m right,” said Holmes.
Maybe this was what he deserved for so many years of carrying this unyielding secret affection, for never speaking it aloud, perhaps for possessing it at all. Maybe it was a consequence of ingratitude for the miracle of Holmes’s resurrection, for believing in the safety of some perceived improbability that this could recur, as if death could be quantified and anticipated to any calculable degree. Or maybe Watson had simply failed him, as a friend, that after all this time Holmes still could not trust him.
Holmes frowned. “How so?”
“Can I get you anything?” Barbary offered, sitting in an armchair across from him.
Holmes studied Dr. Barbary’s face, knowing well already that he would find none of the mockery or deception he hoped for. Sympathy, some; curiosity, moreso. And honesty, open faced and sincere. If the information was false, if Barbary was mad, it only meant there was more research to be done. Holmes had a sick feeling it was not.
As he stood outside of his apartment on Baker Street, holding a single green leaf between his fingers, he found himself drawing a bit from both categories. Here was what he knew: the leaf was dull green with a leathery, satin texture, a serrated margin, approximately five centimeters in length and belonging to the subspecies
“Watson, I’m afraid I’ll have to send you to see the inspector alone today,” said Holmes, clearing his throat. “You have everything you need; you can fill me in this evening.”
“Tell me that I love you,” he said, “and I’ll let this… be done.”
“I cannot sit back and watch you-- watch… this,” he said. “Please. Don’t force me to live with that.”
of it was still intriguing. That a condition might be stress induced was reasonable; that this exact source of stress, and no other, was required to produce these effects was less so. How could the brain, the body, differentiate so precisely between despair caused by unanswered devotion and, say, grief over the death of a lover? In either case, there is the matter of a broken heart, of irreparable separation from one’s desire. And how, too, was such a coalescence of flesh and flora possible to begin with? The biology of it was mystifying. But, then, that had always been Watson’s area. Maybe whatever remained of him once this had run its course would be useful to the examination of it.
Mycroft watched him for a few seconds longer before rising from his seat and walking to his desk. “Where will you go?”
“I’m angry because you’re a stubborn fool!” Watson shouted. “I’m angry because you’d sooner die than take my word! What’s so unimaginable about being in love with you? Why is that so impossible to believe?”
----------
“It’s quite urgent, I--”
“Holmes--” Watson began, and was cut off by another relentless, rasping spell as Holmes retched up another rose to join the rest.
“Thank you, Doctor,” he said finally, rising from the settee and clearing his throat again. With one last swig of water, he forced down a cough, praying to at least make it through the front door before facing another attack.
is what I want. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
Holmes’s thoughts were interrupted by another bout of coughing which forced him up from his chair, past Watson and his worried protestations, and into his room with the door shut soundly behind him. He coughed up two, three, four more petals and sat on the floor beside his bed, head in his hands, to catch his breath and compose himself. He braced for the inevitable gentle rapping at his door. In moments, there was Watson, predictable in all the best ways.
“John,” he said, falling back against the wall with a bitter huff of a laugh. He drew his knees to his chest and closed his eyes, twisting the stem of a surprisingly intact rose between his fingers.
“Yes, indeed,” said Mycroft with a sigh. “It’s all rather macabre.”
Watson frowned. “You’re not well, Holmes,” he said. “I insist you rest. As your doctor--”
“My dear Watson,” Holmes replied, taking some measure to soften his tone, “you help me plenty enough as it is. I promise if there is anything you can do, you will be the first to hear about it.”
It was one facet of this ordeal which Holmes had, up to now, pointedly ignored. This would be hard on Watson, but he was at least already practiced at moving on. His bereavement after Holmes’s final confrontation with the late Professor Moriarty had extended beyond the anticipated time frame, but it was unlikely a reprise would have the same effect. At least this time there would be incontrovertible proof of his demise; that was, supposedly, an aid to the grieving process. He would recover and be better for it, without the continuous trials of--
“Yes, certainly, please,” Dr. Barbary said, his demeanor turning notably more serious as he took Holmes’s elbow and led him to his office.
Holmes picked himself up, secreting the flowers into his handkerchief, and took a seat at Mycroft’s desk. Watson would forgive him, he thought as he pulled the papers from the envelope and spread them out before himself. He would forgive him if it took years or if it only took a day. He would forgive him for an indiscrete heart, if not for allowing it to bring about his own end. He would forgive him because he was John Watson. That was something Holmes was confident he’d never deserved.
Watson reached for Holmes’s hand before he could think better of it.
“What have you done?” Watson managed at last, his gut wrenching at the futility of the question. The flowering cough, or
(See the end of the chapter for
"I won’t sanction a suicide, you know that,” continued Mycroft.
Watson knelt beside him to place a soothing hand on his back, and only then did Holmes seem to realize he was there at all. He startled, fighting to compose himself even as strained tears escaped him.
“If you have ever thought of me as a friend, I beg you to tell me. Let me try to help,” he pleaded.
He wrested the words from himself like an arrow from his chest; if this was really such an exercise in futility, he would not spend the remainder of their time in argument. But he had to try, once more.
“Is he expecting you, sir?” the butler said with a creased brow, visibly perturbed by the hacking.
Looking out from his cab at the passing dusty alleys of the outskirts of London, he attempted to sort through the rapidly multiplying thoughts crowding his mind. The facts were thus: first, he was dying. Without having sought an expert opinion, if such a thing existed, and judging only by the acceleration of his symptoms and the growth of the flowers themselves, he gave himself a week at best. Second, he had faced his mortality before, more than once, though never so reluctantly as this. It had less to do with the unexpectedness of it, despite the other occasions being indeed a bit more foreseen, and significantly more to do with the absolute, utter pointlessness. It was neither an end he’d asked for, nor an end that accomplished anything. That alone decreased the appeal considerably. And third, if he didn’t use the meager time he had before he was too strangled to act, he would forfeit his ability to choose those few circumstances of his death which he
“Oh, my Watson,” sighed Holmes, his voice coarse and shaken. He held the rose up, examining it, a scarlet wound on its barbed stalk. He smiled. “Still beautiful, isn’t it?”
Holmes sipped his drink, though it burned his already raw throat. There were thorns -- only sometimes, but sometimes was enough. That part was sure to only get worse.
“Mr. Holmes!” the doctor exclaimed, approaching with a hand extended. “To what do I owe this magnificent pleasure? I have to say, I didn’t expect to ever see you again! You couldn’t have come at a better time -- I just received the most fascinating donation from the college: a human skull nearly twice as thick as yours or mine! You’re more than welcome to take a look!”
“We weren’t able to identify her companion by facial recognition,” Sherlock continues, “But we did get a licence plate number, and five minutes ago I traced it to a woman named Jennifer Hallman, who lives with her husband in Darby, a suburb of Philadelphia.” Sherlock picks up his coffee, takes a swallow, turns to John, his eyes dancing with the glint of genuine enthusiasm in his pale eyes. “This is the woman who will lead us to Maria.”
Some indistinct time later, their indolent doze is broken by an unfamiliar chirping ringtone.
After the hardware has been put aside John collapses against his side with a deep exhale and they are both quiet for a moment, returning slowly to themselves. Sherlock vaguely feels the hot, burning throb of his wounds pulse with each beat of his still-pounding heart.
“Me too,” Sherlock replies. “I really am. But...I do have a question.”
John considers this a moment, then nods his head in agreement. “Yeah. It really does.”
With the way she spits out the last word, her face twisting up in pure loathing, John can see now with shocking clarity how much she truly despises Sherlock, and it makes his blood run cold.
“I want you to,” says John. “I want to deserve your trust, always.”
Joh fishes his phone out of his pocket, twisting a bit at the waist, steeling himself not to grimace at the pull.
“I’m sorry, what?” John says, intelligently.
“Gruesome, yet technically correct,” John notes. “Which, by the way, is what you should put on a business card. ‘Sherlock Holmes, gruesome yet technically correct.’”
No, he and Sherlock together sets the universe to rights, and together is the only way they’ll make it through this mess.
The look on Sherlock’s face at being so suddenly and obviously relegated to second place is priceless, and John thinks he may actually suffer an internal injury from holding in his laughter.
“I’ve got a lemonade here as well,” John says. “I thought you could use the sugar.”
He needs to come back from that careful, cautious, condescending place, back from treating Sherlock like a cracked china doll, like a statue fallen from his pedestal.
“Come back up here, love,” John says gently, barely even noticing the endearment that slips out in the heat of the moment. Sherlock slides back up his body and John kisses him, tasting his own musky tang on Sherlock’s lips. “It’s so good, it’s too good, and I’m about to go off if you keep that up much longer.”
“That’s okay. I’ll go get some cool towels and ice, see if we have any juice. Are all right by yourself for a moment?”
“You could say that,” Kelly allows.
John presses his heels into the floor and thrusts up into him, hard, and he’s coming, crying out as his sharp and lovely orgasm races up into his spine and explodes into his brain, showers of pleasure throughout his body as he spurts out hot and wet over John’s hand and across his chest and neck.
In the very next moment Sherlock’s phone chimes, making them both startle.
John reaches up, strokes the edge of one perfect cheekbone with his thumb. Sherlock doesn’t flinch or pull away.
Sherlock displays his understanding, holding up the fingers of his right hand where it’s tethered to his left elbow. One, two, three.
“John?” he asks, voice soft and full of concerned, his tone gentler than anything John once thought possible. “You look like--what is it? What’s wrong?”
“It’s scratchy,” he mutters by way of explanation, as Sherlock helps him pull the coverlet off the bed, tossing it haphazardly onto the floor. John arranges himself on the sheets, elbows and knees pressed into the mattress, underside of his cock rubbing deliciously against rough cotton, excitement and nervousness a hot heavy knot low in his belly. He closes his eyes, feels the bed creak and dip as Sherlock climbs on and repositions himself between his spread legs.
“I’m just going to make, um, some breakfast. Excuse me.”
“Horrible,” Sherlock huffs. “Tedious. Boring. Time-consuming.” He pauses just slightly, the corner of his lip twitching in something close to a smile. “And much as it galls me to say it, not altogether without merit.”
“Charming of you, and oh so sensitive, but no such luck,” he snaps.
This is not the first time he has had these thoughts. Of course it’s not. He’s not an idiot. But God knows he doesn’t know what to do with the information, or if Sherlock even would welcome these kinds of feelings.
“I am
“I initially surmised you hadn’t joined your family Off-World because of your career choice, which is partially true. But there’s an element of family discord as well, isn’t there?”
“Anything that looks like it’s not about furniture,” Sherlock says, sitting at the cluttered desk and opening the battered black laptop. “Take pictures. We’re not taking anything with us.”
“In fact, I find it runny and disgusting,” he tells Sherlock.
John scowls, a combination of worry and annoyance, with annoyance definitely winning at the moment. “Yes, your majesty,” he snipes as he stabs his fork into the cold cheese innards one last time for effect before huffing dramatically as he rises and gathers the debris of their meal. He takes it to the nearby bin and dumps the mess in with an annoyed,exaggerated flourish before returning to the table.
He’s the sort of bloke John Watson generally wants to punch on principle, and that’s not even factoring in the part where he trafficks children for a living.
Sherlock takes the bags into the kitchen before coming back into the lounge to take off his coat, folding it carefully over the back of the armchair. He turns on the side table lamp on his way back to the kitchen.
Sherlock flushes with pleased happiness.“You remembered.”
“Then why am I so upset?” Sherlock asks. “He didn’t rape me. He just put his hands on my body. It’s just meat, transport, so why do I care?” his voice cracks with uncertainty and anxiety. “Help me understand, John. Please. I’ve been through so much worse,
“I’ve been waiting for you,” he murmurs against the skin of Sherlock’s concave belly, milk pale skin bisected by a trail of sparse dark hair. “I’ve been waiting for for you so long.”
He offers the bag to Sherlock. “Popcorn?”
“It is fine! Of course it is. I just…” John gathers up all his courage, plows forward with the question he knows he has to ask. “I don’t think...this isn’t about being new to all this, is it?”
“Yes,” he says, his tone clipped, dry, all business. “Yes. This is. I need to -- yes, fine.”
“I did. There’s a key, a long metal thing, to turn the main water valve back on. Almost everyone had one, in the cellar or whatnot. Easy peasy. I knew folks growing up who hadn’t paid the city for water in years. Maybe ever.”
“You piece of trash,” John spits, enraged, and hits him again.
“My boss does what he has to do to keep this business alive.” She steps closer to Sherlock, shoulders squared, eyes blazing and locked with his. “And I think that with all due respect, you don’t know a damn thing about what it takes to stay alive on these streets. Do you, Mister Scott?”
“Obviously.” Sherlock signals and turns onto the main road lights before continuing. “You may need to get close to her without being immediately recognised.”
“With...you?” John asks, quizzically.
John’s fingers card through his hair, nails scratching oh-so-gently against his scalp. Sherlock relaxes into the feeling, tears drying as the awful cold feeling crests and then slowly recedes, leaving him relaxed and sated on the other side.He hums and nuzzles into Johns thigh, brings his arm up to drape across John’s waist, feeling the ache of overtaxed muscles and stinging reddened skin. The two of them are silent for several minutes, enjoying the warmth and closeness of their exhausted bodies.
Next to his glass lies Sherlock’s photograph, crumpled into a rough ball.
Sherlock thinks for a moment. “Not entirely. But I’m-- I’m working on it.”
“I did. She can breathe okay as long as no one unplugs her. She’s not good enough, not as good as you. I need you, Watson. This is a bad one, the worst yet.  I need the old blade runner. I need your magic.”
“You do have a point,” Sherlock concedes.
Sherlock kisses John again, just a gentle press of lips against the warm skin of his chest. “I do. I trust you with anything, but I don’t want this to upset you. We can let this go.” He looks up again into John’s face, shadowed in the semi dark of the bedroom. “This isn’t important. Your happiness means far more to me.”
“But I didn’t,” he says, gently, stroking Sherlock’s sleek, dark hair. “And you didn’t, either. And I’m so very, very glad for that.”
Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at him, and what John sees in those sea-glass eyes is hypnotically complex, a swirl of sorrow and fear and anxiety...but buried somewhere deep underneath it all the flickers the tiny, almost invisible spark of his grim, nihilistic excitement, his longing for the void, his unspoken but always-present compulsion to charge into the valley of darkness and to do battle with the very shadow of death itself.
Memories of better, more innocent times seem to crowd around them as they place their orders.
"It would seem so," Mycroft murmurs. "Can I drop you somewhere?"
He contemplates his future as he gazes into his glass, listening to the shower run, to Sherlock moving carefully in the bathroom as he steps into the tub, closes the curtain.
John gives a short, sharp tug on the lead. “Eyes open, pet.”
“It’s worse than you’re letting on,” he says. “Because you don’t want to worry me.”
He gives her one final, warm smile, and this one is genuine. She seems like a sincerely good-hearted woman, and while John has exactly zero romantic interest in anyone that’s not Sherlock Holmes he can’t help but like her as a person.
“Right, then.” John drains the cup, the fiery liquid burning its way down into his belly as he leans forward. “John Watson,” he says clearly, his diction crisp despite the liquor. “Blade runner, designation B-two-six-three-five-four.”
John finally disengages himself a bit from Sherlock’s limbs, wincing as his soft cock slides out of him with a wet noise, then sighs and sinks back down against his chest. Sherlock summons the energy to press a kiss to his soft hair.
, John thinks but doesn’t say aloud--“but day in and day out I find that I maybe am looking for something a bit more, well, challenging.”
The first thing that John notices is the smell. It’s a distinctive and pleasant scent unique to old, distinguished houses a bit down on their luck; rain and slow decay, dry plaster and dark polished wood, miles of it, framing each window and doorway and an improbably ornate balustrade wrapping around the staircase to the left of the front doors.
“If that were the case,” Sherlock murmurs acidly, “One would think you would be more talented in trying to find mine.”
"Oh God, yes,” Sherlock gasps, his body shaking as John tastes him, tongue slipping under the raveled neck of his tee shirt, then back up to bite and suck at his earlobe.
John chuckles softly. “Jesus. I love when you want it this bad.”
John looks away, cheeks colouring as Mrs Hudson takes her leave, tittering. Sherlock shakes his head, a faint smile crossing his lips as he places his violin gently in the case and fastens the latches.
In relatively short order, Sherlock locates three addresses in Camden with a possible family connection to Maria Kochencko.
“Spot on,” Lee acknowledges sardonically. “Then you turned up, like an answer to my prayers. Unlike my other specimens, you’re much more valuable alive and in one piece. My boss would have forgiven ten times my debt if I delivered Sherlock Holmes to him.” He glances at John. “John Watson would have been icing on the cake. Delicious. But of course, you were the worst thing that could have happened instead.” Lee sighs. “I should have just killed you straightaway.”
“Did they do a test?” John says bluntly, not in the mood to prevaricate.
“I thought it would have been obvious, considering the position of my cock relative to where, you know, I’m trying to put it.”
“And why is that?” Sherlock asks blandly.
Sherlock sighs a bit as he closes his eyes, slides his hands across John’s back. He tilts his head to the side, encouraging John to continue his ministrations. “I’m thinking upright...  is perhaps not optimal...
He turns and goes back into the bedroom before she can say anything else, shuts the door and resumes his corpse-like pose on the cheerful, homey starburst quilt covering the bed.
. Consider it compensation for a job well done, I suppose.”
A strong hand hooks under his right arm, pulls him off the now bloodied and barely conscious man on the ground and hauls him to his feet.
“I see.” Sherlock nods once, turns on his heel, and disappears into the shadows. A door at the far end of the room slides open, then closes with a soft click.
“It’s a pure distillation of human behavior, all boiled down into patterns and algorithms. I find it utterly interesting.”
“Oh, God, yes,” John rasps. “Do it. Ride me,
“Okay.” John takes the soiled flannel back into the loo, tosses it into the laundry hamper, then wets a fresh one with cool water and finds the tube of soothing rosemary and arnica lotion. When he enters the bedroom Sherlock has perked up a bit, eyes open though sleepy, slender fingers rubbing idly at the deep red ligature marks that circle his slim wrists.
“I’m going,” he says, and does without further dissembling, leaving the house utterly quiet in his wake.
Sherlock is silent for a moment, looks down, fiddles with the cuff of his coat before looking back at John. “Earlier, before the test. You were surprised that I knew you have family off world.”
“You’re so beautiful like this,” he rasps, low and hoarse. “John. I want you so much.”
“I thought I’d misunderstood,” Greg says in disbelief as he strides up to them.
“I’m not most doctors,” John answers evenly.
“Whether you care to admit it or not,” Sherlock says, “You’re in a very tight squeeze here, Mister Johnson. The only reason you’ve gotten away with what you have is because no one’s looking. If the authorities are pointed your way you’re done for.”
vulnerable, and the reason he never allowed himself to love before is because the terrible price of love is loss, and he found that cost too steep to bear.
The man complies, eyes wide with fear.
John lands the first blow of the hairbrush without warning or preamble. The solid smack of hard polished wood against giving flesh echoes loudly in the small room. Behind the gag, Sherlock howls, and the way his cries of pain are muffled and distorted by the rubber ball sends a hot black twist of lust through John’s belly.
“That got a little more, um, athletic than I was intending,” Sherlock says. “You’re quite sure you’re feeling all right?”
Sherlock kisses and licks his way up John’s chest, pausing at the edge of the scar on his left shoulder. “Go ahead,” he murmurs, and Sherlock touches the tip of his tongue to the crater at the centre of the tangled mass of pale raised scar tissue. John doesn’t have much feeling in that area, but he shivers, nonetheless, overcome by the sight of Sherlock’s lips and tongue gentle against the most ruined part of his body.
"Check the back of the building," Sherlock murmurs to John under his breath. "I'll search the shipping containers." Before John can make any number of reasonable objections Sherlock is gone, slipped off into the inky gloom of the hulking building without another word.
Sherlock is a bit surprised to discover the quiet feels like the
“Not long,” Sherlock replies. “Twenty minutes at the outside. Let’s not hang about under the streetlights.”
“Go with flattered,” Sherlock says, giving him a small, sleepy smile.
(Taking no chances, John had dropped to his knees, fingers seeking out a carotid pulse his common sense told him he would not find. All he had gotten, in the end, was the slimy clotted gore of Moriarty’s blood and cerebrospinal fluid all over his hands for the trouble.)
“Suck on them,” Sherlock rasps.
“John,” Sherlock breathes, low and rough and full of desperate concern.
But at this moment, the bridge between them is a damaged, oft-repaired, jury-rigged tenuous thing. And after the events of the past few months, neither one of them are in a place to embark on anything complicated or dangerous right now. That’s what John tells himself.
“You all right?” he asks, and John shoots him a disbelieving look in return. Sherlock shakes his head at the obvious answer to his own question. “I mean, above and beyond -- ” he flaps one large hand around vaguely -- “all of this.”
For a few confusing, disjointed moments he thinks he is six years old again, waking from an unplanned nap on his Nan’s sofa after falling asleep in her car on the way home from shopping.
“What do you want, pet?” John breathes. “ I need to hear it.”
“But there’s so much more I want to do to you, pet,” he breathes, “So very much more.”
Louellen rises, moves to the ornately carved desk. She opens a drawer, pulls out a cheap plastic burner mobile, crosses the room to hand the phone to Sherlock.
Unfortunately, being absolute bottom-shelf rotgut, the bottle is made of plastic instead of glass, and rather than smashing dramatically against the wall as Sherlock undoubtedly intended, it bounces harmlessly off the plaster, clattering hollowly to the floor  unharmed.
Neither one speaks for a moment, but the gaze held between them speaks volumes.
“Cancerous thyroid.”
He doesn’t like what he sees. His expression goes dark, just for one moment, before he smooths his face back into calm control.
Outside, the rain continues to batter steadily against the window.
John is in his chair, laboriously pecking out an email (customer service complaint to Superdrug; for complex reasons involving his age, lower-middle class background and below-average height, John loves writing aggrieved letters when he feels ill-treated by retail clerks) when Sherlock comes out of the bedroom, freshly showered and wrapped in his favorite blue silk dressing gown. He pads silently on bare feet to the rug in front of John’s chair and drops gracefully to the floor in front of him, fitting himself into the space between John’s legs. He rests his head on the warm fabric covering John’s thigh, silently asking for his undivided attention.
"What is it Sherlock? It's almost 6:30 and I'm on my way out for the night."
John and Sherlock didn't let Hamish or Rosie to use curse-words but they made an exception for this
"Hamish- Hamish is
Holmes pulled his gaze away from the far wall and forced himself to look at Watson. “Yes,” he said. “Yes, I believe I’ve learned everything I need to know.”
Watson released Holmes’s shirt to take up both of his hands.
“I feel rather more like I should be apologizing to you than taking your thanks,” Barbary said, shaking Holmes’s hand again, looking too much like a man who’d just issued a death sentence. “I hope you’ll come back around if there’s a single way I can help.”
Watson’s attention was pulled back to the present as he realized Holmes had been watching him for some time. He turned to meet his eyes and felt his heart skip at the uncharacteristic tenderness in Holmes’s face. But no, he thought -- it wasn’t uncharacteristic at all. He’d seen it before, any number of times, only then he hadn’t known what it was.
was impossible. It had to be.
“As your friend, then,” Watson interrupted, unable to keep the desperation from his tone. “Please.”
Somewhere, someone walked the streets with Holmes’s heart in pocket; it didn’t matter that it wasn’t Watson. It didn’t matter that Holmes had not trusted him with the name already. If someone had Holmes’s heart, Watson would find them. He would fix this.
“Because you can’t be!” Holmes retorted, his rasping voice straining for volume. He coughed, spitting up a handful of petals. “You cannot love me, my dear Watson,” he continued after a ragged breath, “for the simple reason that there is nothing to love.”
“Yes, Mr. Holmes,” nodded the butler, opening the door to let him inside. “If you’ll wait here.”
is what you have to give.
It clarified nothing, but the finality of it drew the exchange to an abrupt close.
“I was just going to send for you if you hadn’t come.” Mycroft fished in his breast pocket and withdrew a slip of paper. “You will find my brother at this address,” he said.
Either way, his refusal to let go of it, to leave the poor man well enough alone and focus his energy solely on his work had brought him here. The satire of it was that only just days ago he’d attempted a pact with himself to try and forget it, all of it, the dense mass in his chest that both fettered him and kept him from floating away. It wasn’t that feeling so much love for Watson was a waste of energy -- not that, never that -- but too frequently it seemed holding this secret between them dealt more damage than he could justify. The removal of it was, at least, a process that would only be unpleasant for him. It was a self-evident certainty that Watson did not love him; if that certainty had not changed at all in fifteen years, he’d decided, then of course it never would. It was hardly even the next day that he awoke with a burning throat.
“It’s a curable illness,” Mycroft interrupted.
Had Holmes been blackmailed? After confronting so many of such fiends, it seemed inconceivable that he would have ever bent to one, let alone to such an extreme. It must be related to his illness; but why, then, would he prefer to suffer with it, to let it
control -- namely, not leaving the good doctor with an efflorescent corpse to haul out of Baker Street.
“It’s only a cold, I’ve already told you,” Holmes snapped.
, had but one known origin -- it all at once made absolute sense why he’d been reluctant to discuss it, why, in his dogmatic devotion to logic, he had decided not to trouble anyone with it, when it had no remedy.
Then, pulling the drawer open a few inches further, he spotted the envelope. It was plain, with no postage, addressed simply to him.
When he looked at Holmes again, it was as though his every thought was there, written plainly on his face. Relief, yes, but also joy, affection, a tinge of regret, as freely displayed as he was ever wont to do, done so because he wanted Watson to see it, the wire reconnected.
Either way, it wouldn’t be long before Watson became too suspicious to take any instruction from him at all. Holmes had taken to skipping all meals with him, staying out later than Watson was wont to stay awake, meeting with him only briefly in the mornings to discuss the proceedings of the day and accept his notes from the day before. It was not sustainable, but then, neither was he.
----------
“Tell me who,” Watson repeated firmly.
“Anywhere. The first place you can find outside of London where I’ll be left alone.” Holmes watched as his brother pulled a large envelope from a drawer. “If you would be so kind as to send someone along in seven days’ time to fetch me, I would be obliged.”
“Quite so, yes. You can imagine there has not been much opportunity to study it, but all accounts share that commonality.”
Perhaps he himself did not merit another second chance, Watson decided, but Sherlock Holmes must. If grace saw fit to bestow another miracle, if he dared to hope for such a thing, this time, he would not waste it.
Watson broke into an uninhibited grin, a fresh swell of affection threatening more tears.
Holmes rested again on the wall, his staccato breaths punctuating the silence between them.
Barbary watched him for several moments in respectful silence before speaking himself. “Mr. Holmes,” he said, tugging pensively at his beard, “I may not be a practicing physician, but I assure you, whatever you say will never leave this room. You have my sincerest word.”
“You’re leaving,” he said, after several long seconds of silence.
it read--
This deficiency, however, proved somewhat irritating when the subject of the question was himself. His cough had persisted for several days already, and he’d written it off as the onset of a typical cold, which he tended to suffer at certain times of year or after working too many cases with not enough rest. That was the excuse he’d given, anyway, when Watson cast a leery glance at him over breakfast that morning. In truth, he suspected it was neither. More pressingly, he suspected Watson thought the same.
“Of course, you may rely on it,” said Barbary. “Good luck, Mr. Holmes. I hope she sees what she’s missing.”
----------
Watson drew in a breath and collected his bag, stepping out of the cart with a brief nod to send the driver off. The sun drifted low behind him, the breeze masking the sound of distant waves. The scene was charming, and it threw his own disquietude into ugly, sharp relief. This was what Holmes meant, he supposed, when he suggested the country was predisposed to harboring terrible secrets. Fitting, then, that it was where he’d brought his own.
----------
I’ve spent by your side, and you think I need to pretend to understand you? When you left the last time, I felt my soul torn in half. I felt dismembered, limping through my days like an amputee, thinking I’d never be whole again. That is what you are to me, Sherlock. I have
He held Holmes’s gaze defiantly for several long seconds before tearing away. When he spoke again, it was nearly a whisper. “You frighten me,” he said. “I only want to help you.”
Holmes opened his mouth to reply and coughed up three juvenile rosebuds into his handkerchief instead.
His words were cut off by another bout, which sent him doubling over the edge of the settee, catching another red petal in his hand. He stared at it, unwilling to meet Barbary’s eyes. If he’d struggled to formulate a question about it, he expected this would do instead.
If there were any words Watson had prepared, any speeches he thought he might righteously deliver, they abandoned him completely upon stepping up to the front door. From the other side, he could hear a racking, violent cough, choking and gasping shallowly. The sound of it turned Watson’s blood cold, and he pushed through the unlatched door without another thought.
Holmes frowned. He knew of it then; that should have been no great surprise.
Watson frowned. It was, as far as he knew the man, rather unlike Mycroft to be glad to receive anyone.
“Tell me who,” pressed Watson. “There’s time yet, I can--”
Holmes dropped himself onto the settee, unwrapping the scarf from his neck and placing it on his lap, twisting the corner of it absently between his fingers.
“I’ll see you for dinner tonight,” Holmes replied over his shoulder, already walking away.
well the instant he laid eyes on Holmes, but to inquire further had thankfully never been in his nature.
But this wasn’t that. For one, there was no Moriarty, there was no crime syndicate, there wasn’t even some new subject of study into which Holmes had thrown himself to the neglect of everything else, as he was prone to do. It was just a silence, impenetrable and relentless.
“Indeed,” said Mycroft flatly. “I’ll leave you to sort through them. I can have a room for you in Kent by tomorrow evening.”
“The unreturned affection,” Holmes repeated again, the meaning of the words sinking in even as he fought to repudiate them. Implausible as it seemed, the appositeness was, well. Evident, inarguable. Damning.
“Thank you,” Holmes said, exhaling as he watched Mycroft head for the door. He stopped just short of it, though, turning back slightly.
“I wish you would let me look at you,” said Watson with an exasperated sigh.
“You... love me,” he said, tentative in spite of his newfound calm.
“I think I bloody well know that by now,” he laughed, and pulled Holmes in for another kiss.
Holmes smiled tightly, nodding. “And you have my thanks,” he replied. “To tell you the truth, I don’t know how to ask what I wish to know. I’m--”
he thought, a single word rising up through the watery white noise. He turned his eyes upon the desk, but there were no footprints, no details, no out of place peculiarities to offer a ghost of a clue as to why this was happening.
“I hope I will have reason to thank you,” he said. “Good luck.”
AND AGAIN endless eternal thanks to Solshine for betaing 🙌
“If left unresolved,” Barbary went on, “the results are… invariably fatal. The infection takes over the respiratory tract in its entirety, eventually asphyxiating the sufferer. Unpleasant,” he mused dolefully. “Most unpleasant.”
“That has never been what I wanted, Sherlock Holmes, and you know it,” he said, quieting to match Holmes. “There is not a single truth in anything you’ve said. If you’ve loved me as much as all this,” he gestured emphatically to the scatterings on the floor, “then
His resolve had crumbled nearly instantaneously, at any rate. It was true that Watson would never love him, not quite the same way, but rewriting a decade and a half of habitual affection proved more taxing than letting it persist as wallpaper. Until now, anyway. Now, he expected, it was only a matter of time before it would quite literally consume him. If a week ago someone had asked him what stock he placed in fate--
“I’m afraid not,” answered Holmes. “You can tell him it’s Sherlock Holmes. He will know me.”
The hand which held the rose dropped it in favor of covering Watson’s. Holmes clutched his hand tightly for a moment, two, three moments, before withdrawing again.
“No,” Holmes shook his head, squeezing his eyes shut. “You aren’t listening.”
When he opened them again, the smile he offered was broader, genuine.
“Oh, my dear friend,” said Holmes, his expression sobering. “I promise when I return, I’ll let you look at me. Forgive me, Watson, I never meant to worry you so.”
Involving Mycroft was, as always, more of a necessity than a willing choice, or even a polite formality. But, as the nearest surviving relative, there were some matters which unavoidably called for his participation, and other matters still which called more for his permeating influence. The one consolation was that of all the people Holmes might inform of his foreordination, Mycroft was least given to displays of pity. The conversation would be grounded in pragmatism and, God willing, exceedingly brief.
“You should not have left!” Watson snapped. “You should never have left! You should have trusted me! What have I ever done to make you feel you need to do so much alone? After everything,
“No,” Watson said resolutely. “No. I cannot lie to you Holmes, I’ve never been able to, even if I wanted to. Look at me now and you’ll see I’m telling the truth. I love you. It’s a simple fact. It’s as uncomplicated as… as tobacco ash, or bicycle tires, and if you find those things more complicated than I credit them for, I invite you to study it just as completely. You may study it for a lifetime, if it pleases you, if it draws you out of this godforsaken place. Let me bring you home and you may test me to your heart’s content, but your findings will never refute what I’ve told you here.”
“This isn’t that,” said Holmes.
Something had happened which Watson could not follow, but he’d never been able to hold to stoicism when Holmes smiled.
He held a hand out to Watson for a shake. It was unusual, Watson noted; even on his longer trips he tended to leave without much fanfare. His goodbyes looked like a flurry of clothes in a bag and instructions for what Watson was to do until he returned. The Holmes who stood before him was calm, focused. Watson gripped his hand and held it, feeling his hand gripped in return. It really was not much of a handshake at all. Watson stayed, reluctant to withdraw first, and realized at once that Holmes was just as hesitant. The moment stretched far beyond propriety, every second suspended between them in precarious silence.
Watson opened his mouth to protest, but was not given the chance.
“For the time being,” Mycroft replied. “I would kindly ask you not to delay your visit, though.”
This time, he would get it right.
“Thank you, no,” Holmes shook his head. He opened his mouth to speak, but realized suddenly that he had not really planned where to begin. Dr. Barbary had specialized in rare diseases when he was a professor at Leeds, though his interests had taken a turn for some less established scientific pursuits in recent years. Holmes wasn’t quite sure which of those things would come into greater importance here.
He coughed once more into his napkin, a new petal joining the last, both hidden away again in a matter of seconds. He didn’t look across the table; he knew already what he would see.
Watson frowned. “Of course,” he said. “Where are you going?”
Then it was over. Holmes dropped his hand, turned immediately away, picked up his bag, and was gone.
Holmes shifted toward him, taking his hand back to tip Watson’s face up by his chin, to brush a thumb against his cheek.
No, if he wanted information, if there was information to be had at all, there was only one other person on this Earth who might have it. Watson closed his eyes and inhaled, drawing in the strength to push himself to his feet again. He tucked the letter carefully into his breast pocket and carried himself to the door, down the stairs, out onto Baker Street, his thoughts trailing somewhere just behind him as if they were not his own.
----------
“It isn’t,” said Watson. “Not here. And moreover, it’s not true.” He could feel the heat rising up to his ears as his tone shifted into something furiously desperate. “You’re mad -- you’re
Irrelevant as it may have been, the
“Because, dear doctor, there is nothing for me to do,” said Mycroft, his manner stiffening and his tongue turning severe. “You are what he needs; I’m sure he and I would both be obliged if you’d accommodate him.”
“Watson,” Holmes said to him one afternoon, carpetbag in hand, “I’m afraid my recent business has called me away, I don’t know for how long.”
Holmes turned sharply to look at him, silver eyes pained in a different, deeper way.
But it
“I love you,” Watson whispered, feeling Holmes’s overtaxed heartbeat under his palm. “I love you. There is nothing else to say. Tell me what you need to hear; ask me how I knew I loved you; ask me how long I’ve watched you play your violin or measure a chemical or sift through papers and wanted nothing more than to hold your hands, to feel your fingers between my own. Ask me to kiss you now and I shall do it; it’s one more thing I should have done already. I’ll tell you anything. There is nothing I will reserve if it means you’ll believe me. But you cannot be so committed to this abject portrait of yourself that you would abandon me again.”
The morning of the fourth day, Watson found himself staring at Holmes’s desk, absently chewing the tip of his thumb.
“Even if you truly cannot believe it,” said Watson, “I would ask at least that you not deny it.”
It was Holmes who closed the distance, cradling Watson’s cheek as he kissed him, gentle and sweet, then kissed him again, and again, and once more still, until Watson swore he could taste his smile.
“I would not wish for you to live with anything so regrettable, my dear boy,” he said, keeping his eyes fixed on the opposite wall, “but you put me in an impossible position. You should not have come.”
wanted a promise of ease or safety, and if you think otherwise then you’ve never known me at all.”
“You should put more faith in your doctor, Sherlock,” he said. “I’d say he’s earned that much.”
Holmes said nothing, but hid a fleeting smile in his coffee cup. On better days, these were the moments he allowed himself the private satisfaction of thinking of Watson as
Holmes drew a quick breath as if to speak, but his lips sealed again and his brow creased. He shifted to better face Watson, tugging their hands closer to himself and giving a sincere squeeze.
Somewhere downstairs, Mrs. Hudson ran the tap and stacked dishes. Outside, a man shouted for a cab. And in Watson’s head, silence. Oppressive, paralyzing silence.
“You don’t love me,” Holmes said, holding his gaze at last. The corners of his mouth turned up in his familiar, affectionate half smile, as if reminding Watson of something he should have well known by now. “You are a doctor,” he explained, “trying in vain to save his patient. You are a friend, an excellent friend, trying to spare his companion a dire fate, by any means necessary.” He placed a shaky hand on top of Watson’s, letting his head fall back to the wall. “But you do not love me.”
Holmes looked at him as if he’d been wounded, or perhaps as if he expected to be.
Even if there had been something, some hint Holmes had left to point him in the direction of God knows what, any shred of stamina he may have had to interpret it was gone altogether.
This letter could not have been for him, because Sherlock Holmes would not have left him another letter.
He stopped, seeming to watch Holmes for some dispute. When none arose, he continued, hesitant. “It’s… quite serious, actually. There’s no known treatment or way of curtailing the growth. Once the disease gestates, the only known reversal is to resolve the source of the stress.”
As much as it was Sherlock Holmes’s specialty to know things -- sweepingly extensive, broadly ranging things, the pattern of which could never be identified because the pattern was simply whatever needed to be known at the time of relevance -- it was every bit as much his specialty to
“Charming,” Mycroft replied. He placed the envelope on his desk. “Your papers. I believe they’re still in order from your last… departure.”
The first thing to greet him was a floor covered in bruised and macerated leaves and petals, as if someone had bedecked the cottage with roses and then trampled them without a care. Watson felt the petals compress beneath the soles of his shoes with every step, as leaves and petals became blossoms and thorny stems which all but entirely obscured the wooden slats beneath them.
“Damn it all, Holmes!” he swore at the ceiling.
Standing in the foyer in wait for Mycroft Holmes, Watson tried to bring himself to a center. He clutched the envelope and set his focus on steadying his hand, on deciding what to say and how to say it without completely losing his grip. Should he have been angry, assuming that Mycroft knew of this and said nothing? Did Mycroft owe him that at all?
