Sam has been silent, a pensive look on his face, but it clears at Rowena’s last words. He crosses the room and lays a gentle hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “As am I,” he says softly. “I ought to be thanking you, for bringing me home.”
“Twitterpated,” Charlie muttered under her breath. “Come on, Winchester. I didn’t spend twenty minutes stuck in a gondola just to immediately ride back down again.”
“Forgive me,” Dean says, wincing. He takes a step towards Castiel, then pauses, eyes cloudy with remorse. “That was uncalled for.”
“Now what?” Dean finished. He shrugged, reaching up to adjust the crown of flowers on Castiel’s head. “In truth, I have no idea.”
“I really don’t think that’s the best solution,” Castiel said. He sent a cautious look in Dean’s direction, and Dean nodded stiffly. God, everything hurt.
He was trying so hard. Dean’s heart broke for him, and he looked at Claire, hoping she would recognize just how much this was costing Castiel.
Castiel smiled, hoping it did not look too much like a grimace. That lack of knowledge was the only reason he was able to successfully convince her that this supposed custom was real. How he and Dean would explain not touching after their marriage, he did not yet know, but this would at least see them through the ceremony, and then--
“I’ll do my best.” Cas takes the room key Roger hands him and gives him a cordial nod in reply. “By the way, I didn’t notice the sheriff’s station on my way through town. I’ll want to check in with them first, of course. Would you mind telling me where I would find them?”
“Of course.” Trying not to let his relief show, Dean signals for the bill. “Do you need a ride home?”
Castiel laughed, leaning forward across the table. “Think about it. I am alone here, and while I understand the practicalities of my remaining here for some time before returning home, I will continue to be gawked at and whispered about just as I was by our young attendant. Your people still see me as a Hiemerian first, and the next association they make is that I am the enemy. I cannot fault them for that, but if we want to change those associations, it will take more than just becoming accustomed to seeing me at your side.”
Dean lets out a noise that might be a laugh if it weren’t so bitter. “You may have heard, Agent, that I’m not the most social person. Yes, all night. There’s nothing unusual about that.”
One night, nearly a week into their leisurely journey, Dean does not immediately close his eyes once they have lain down across from the flickering fire. “Why did you not tell me?” he asks, tucking his chin over Castiel’s shoulder. “That you were not human. Did you not trust me?”
“Dean?” Castiel’s voice breaks him out of his reverie. “This can wait. If you need some time to adjust--”
Swallowing back a bitter reply, Castiel does as instructed. He leans out the carriage window beside Anna and offers a limp wave. A roar rises from the crowd, and a yellow rose comes soaring through the sky. With instincts honed by years of sword practice, Castiel catches it, and the crowd cheers again.
The trumpets sounded, and Dean lost himself in the fight, in the thrust and the parry and the blocks. The audience roared in approval, but he barely heard them. All that echoed in his mind was Castiel’s voice as he agreed to leave with his people.
She shrugs again. “No one knew the Winchesters well. John was a handyman, did odd jobs around the town, but he wasn’t what you would call particularly sociable. The boys went to school but kept to themselves for the most part. And they lived all alone out in the woods. Somehow, they became the subject of a lot of gossip. And then John just-- disappeared.”
Bringing his gaze back to the crowd, Dean saw Claire, Krissy, and Kaia pushing their way forward. Claire’s face was set in grim lines, and she was clinging tightly to Kaia’s hand. Without a word, Dean stepped forward and gathered her into his arms. She rested her head against his chest and exhaled shakily.
A strange ache in his chest, Dean sighed. “You’re certain about this, then? It’s not too late to run away. Scotland, perhaps.”
Castiel tensed at the sound of the new voice. Though it sounded young, it carried the weight of authority behind those simple words. The young woman-- Charlie-- sighed, but said, “Yes, sir.”
Cas frowns down at the screen, then flips back to the picture. “Is this a joke?” he asks, looking up at Balthazar. “Why would someone who looks like that--” he indicates Dean’s photo-- “waste his time on this pity project?”
Cas winces. He’d really rather not, but she deserves the truth. Especially after saving them. “He was a werewolf. My gun is loaded with silver bullets. That’s why yours didn’t work.”
“It is,” Dean agrees. He lets the point of his sword rest against the earth, scrubbing one hand over his face. When he lowers it, his eyes scan over Castiel’s form, considering. “Do you wield a blade?”
Instead, he turns the conversation back to the weather. The safest, least controversial topic of conversation in the history of human communication.
After another uncomfortable silence, Dean mutters something under his breath and takes a step closer to Castiel, cupping one hand around his elbow. “Hey. You still with me?”
“Ah.” Castiel turned his attention towards her. She was a striking young woman, despite the sardonic look on her face. “Good evening, Ruby.”
“I hope you’ll be back soon,” Sarah says as they part. She slips an arm around Sam’s waist, looking up at him. “Long before the wedding.”
“Channel your frustration,” Dean mutters as he swings the axe down on the first log. “Oh, I’ve got plenty to channel, let me tell you that.”
Once inside, he drops his head into his hands and lets out a shuddering breath. “Jesus,” he mutters. Where the hell did that come from? Cas didn’t do anything wrong. Hell, Dean’s had daydreams about him that started just like that, Cas looking at him with such care and concern in his eyes. Normally, they don’t involve Dean acting like a bratty kid in response.
Cas draws in a deep breath, then lets it out slowly. He can feel Dean tense beside him, but the sight of Inias doesn’t hurt as much as Cas expected it to.
Flipping between stations to avoid obnoxious ads, he caught the end of the first news broadcast of the day. “Sunny this morning, but with clouds settling in later this afternoon,” the announcer finished. “Coming up at six: the latest developments in West-Med Labs' quest to bring stability to the supernatural, and the uncertain fate of Lawrence’s blood banks.”
Dean sighed and tightened the laces on his boots. “We may no longer be at war with Hiemere, but I have no plans of allowing myself to go soft. I will be here training as usual, and I expect the same of you, at least until such time as you request formal leave from the Guard.”
“You’re in a good mood,” Cas remarks when he’s able to pull back from Dean’s enthusiastic greeting. He reaches out and wipes the dirt from Dean’s face, letting his hand linger in a caress. “What’s going on?”
They both turn to look over at Dean and Sarah, who are exchanging contact information while Sarah eagerly provides all the details they’ve worked out for the wedding. “It’s good to see him happy,” Sam says softly. “Make sure he stays that way, alright?”
They’re finally here, in the same bed, with no young royals in nearby chambers and no one else around for miles. Dean aches for Castiel with a longing he’s never felt before, but--
The conversation faltered, but the quiet was not an uncomfortable one. Dean could hear the birds calling to one another from the treetops, the splashing of the waterfall, the steady and familiar sound of Castiel’s breathing. The stress and tension slowly melted from his body as he laid there, eyes slipping closed. This place was a miracle, and even if it did foreshadow dire events to come, Dean could not help but marvel that he had had a hand in creating it.
Dean lets out an indignant noise, and they dissolve into playful bickering as Castiel sips his beer, smiling at their familiar rhythms. They’re good for each other, these two. Benny’s steadiness balances out Dean’s lightning-flash mood changes, and Dean’s playfulness coaxes Benny out of the quiet that can often come across as glumness.
“Good,” she echoes. A small smile hovers around her lips. “Really good, actually. Thank you for this, Dean. Not just for dinner, but for--” She shrugs. “Everything.”
Castiel, however, did not look convinced. “It’s unfair,” he protested. “If it is to be a treaty of equal standing, why must I remain here?” He cast a quick look at Dean from under dark lashes, then looked away again. “It displays a lack of faith in me, in my word, and in my people.”
Castiel opens his eyes and glares at Dean. It’s such a familiar expression that Dean wishes he could smile, but it would probably look stupid on his tiny squirrel face. Instead, he hops down from the tree and tugs at the strap of the satchel. Castiel needs to eat, to keep up his strength, and damned if Dean isn’t going to make sure he does just that.
“Do you want to inherit the bakery?” Castiel asked. He found such matters fascinating. Human lives were so brief. They only had a few short years, and they always had such strong feelings about how they planned to spend them.
“You think yourself special, for being the last.” The voice is lower now, almost soothing. Despite himself, Castiel takes a step forward, leaning towards it. “But you are not. You are weak. I did not find you because you never left your forest, because you never cared to visit your kin or to appear to humans. You hardly deserved the name of angel, and so you were spared. But in your arrogance, in your pride, you came right to my doorstep, and in doing so, brought about your own doom.”
“It’s fine.” Dean shrugged philosophically, tapping his fingers against the side of his glass. “I mean, I hated him for a long time. I used to want to follow in his footsteps, but after he left, I realized he wasn’t such a great role model and stuck to the bakery instead. Turns out I’m damn good at it.”
Grimacing at her, Castiel turned sharply on his heel, the sound of Hael’s excited chatter cutting off abruptly as the footman closed the door behind him.
Theo bounds up the stairs, Cas following with slightly more decorum, but only because he’s accustomed to keeping up a professional facade. “I tried calling you,” Theo says, twisting to look back over his shoulder as he unlocks the apartment door. “A lot.”
“Please.” Dean held up a hand, and was gratified when the crowd subsided. “I know this must come as a shock, but I assure you, I have all of your best interests at heart. I do not enter into this alliance lightly.”
A knock at the door brought Dean to his feet. “Excuse me, my lord,” Krissy murmured. “You have a visitor.”
The shadowy figure behind Victor stepped forward into the lanternlight, and Dean blinked in surprise. Castiel’s face was grave, his eyes shadowed, but he made a small, courteous bow that Dean returned instinctively.
It’s strange, to be sitting here now. Cas knows Jimmy has found his faith again, and has never questioned it, but it’s clear now that this is a very different sort of church than the one they attended in their youth. None of the congregation seems bothered by Claire and Kaia holding hands in the first row, and everyone who spoke to or about Hannah used their proper pronouns without batting an eye. Glancing over at Jimmy, he sees an expression of peace on his face that hasn’t been there in the two weeks since Amelia’s death. If this place, this service, can bring that look back onto his brother’s face, Cas can’t fault it.
Exhaling deeply, Dean scrubs his hands through his hair. “We’re overreacting, right? Everyone is expecting Jack to propose tonight. They probably snuck away for a private moment together, and they’ll come back in, hand-in-hand, and announce their betrothal.”
“Please.” Dean held up a hand, shaking his head slowly. “You are saying that somehow, our marriage affected the very landscape? That we
The line to enter moved swiftly, and soon enough, they were being announced. Dean’s eyes were immediately drawn to Milton, handsome and austere in his own elegant evening attire. His eyes brightened as he caught sight of Dean, and Dean couldn’t help smiling in response.
Dean left him a pair of loose sweatpants and a plain black t-shirt. They fit surprisingly well, and Cas feels infinitely better now that he’s refreshed and in new clothes. His ankle still hurts, but it’s more of a dull throb than the piercing pain from earlier. It bears him up well enough as he slowly makes his way back out to the main area of the house.
Dean does as he’s told. Silence falls between them as they occupy themselves with eating, but there’s no tension in it. By the time he’s done, Dean catches himself yawning, and his attempts to mask it with his hand aren’t enough to fool Castiel, apparently
“Everyone had a different solution, of course. That we send horses, so everyone travelling in the carriages could clear the tree through the woods and then ride to Anatiac. That we tell your people to turn back, and postpone the visit until later in the year.” A lump rises in Dean’s throat as he recalls the swell of voices in the hall, and then one high, clear voice rising above them all. “Claire solved it. And I knew then, in that moment, that she would make a wonderful queen.”
This is uncharted territory, but Castiel isn’t afraid. His body is completely on board with the proceedings, and though his heart remains somewhat detached, his brain is actively cataloguing the sensations coursing through him, how they’re the same and yet different from those he feels when he touches himself.
When it comes through, Dean relaxes, then turns the keys in the ignition, pointing the car towards his brother’s apartment and the waiting gaze of the one person who can always see through his bullshit.
After the initial flurry of surprise had passed, he and Milton had returned to the ballroom and danced the next set together. There was a polite smile on Milton’s face, but his shoulders were stiff under Dean’s hands, and they hadn’t spoken a single word to one another. The instant the music stopped, Milton had made him a perfectly correct bow and passed him to his next partner. By the time Dean was free, Milton had left.
A few feet ahead, there was a small ledge. Castiel swung himself onto it, then reached down to pull Dean up beside him. Planting his hands on his hips, he looked down at the tumble of rocks that led into Hiemere, his heart clenching painfully in his chest as he wondered what next attack Void had in store for them.
He scrolls through the list of messages, not bothering to open every one, until the subject line on one about halfway down the page catches his eye.
“I get that.” More than she knows. More than he’s willing to admit. “I’m really proud of you for taking this first step, if that isn’t too weird to say.”
They shook their heads in unison, faces grave. “This mountain is old,” Billie said, laying a gloved hand on a stone outcrop beside her. “Very old.”
There are plenty of willing sparring partners hanging around the barracks. Benny is out on patrol, but Victor is usually a good match for Dean, strong and surprisingly quick on his feet. Despite his grumpiness, Dean doesn’t really think it’s fair of him to take out his messy feelings on a friend, so he turns down Victor’s offer to wrestle with a shake of his head.
Castiel turned to Dean and raised an inquisitive eyebrow. It was the first he had heard of Sam studying with the High Priestess, but Dean shook his head tightly. That discussion would have to wait.
He felt the burn of Milton’s hand through the stiff fabric of his coat as they took their places for the opening dance. The music started, and while Dean was certain the Dowager Duchess would have arranged for the best musicians, he likely would not have noticed a missed note. All his attention was on his partner, who met his gaze steadily as they automatically moved through the steps. While they danced closer together than they might have were this not their betrothal ball, there was still too much distance between them for Dean’s liking. He could feel the strength and solidity of Milton’s shoulder under his hand, and he ached to pull him closer, to close the gap between them and press every inch of their bodies together.
“Not without them.” Castiel folds his wings behind himself as neatly as he can and levels Samuel with a cold stare. “You did it once, you can do it again. Set them free.”
After supper, which Castiel mostly passed nodding in agreement and making a few neutral remarks with what he hoped was proper dignity, he danced one more set with a young lady whose name he immediately forgot and then made his escape. The French doors stood open, beckoning guests onto the balconies for some fresh air, and Castiel managed to extricate himself from his admirers, though not without difficulty.
Castiel’s eyes go wide, but Dean has not finished. Now that the matter has been raised, he cannot keep silent all the thoughts that have been plaguing him since their discussion on the ship.
Dutifully, Dean and Castiel followed. The passage led out into a courtyard, where a fountain splashed merrily in its centre. But it was what surrounded the fountain that nearly caused Dean to stumble, his heart soaring in his chest.
Cas looks around the room, at friends old and new, and shakes his head. “I don’t think so.” He slips his hand into Dean’s, and together they lead the way out to their various vehicles.
“They buried the woman behind her cottage, with a small wooden marker above her final resting place. A quiet, humble grave for a quiet, humble life. That night, as the villagers gathered in their homes, they were drawn to their windows by a bright flash of light across the sky. A falling star, so close it seemed they could reach out and catch it in their hands. It disappeared from sight just beyond the old woman’s cottage, and though they could not explain it, they all experienced the same feeling of comfort, as though it was coming home to its own final rest.”
Dean crossed his arms over his chest, feeling the thunderous beat of his heart as he did. “I have not agreed to marry you,” he repeated. “You have not even asked.”
An immense wave of relief and affection crashes over Castiel at the ridiculous words. He swallows heavily, unsure how to respond, but is saved from having to do so as Dean rolls his eyes and pulls him into a rough embrace.
The letter arrives on a cloudy morning in April. It’s buried beneath a pile of other correspondence, invitations and notes from their friends in town and farther away. Dean smiles up at Alfie as he places the overflowing tray on the breakfast table. “Thank you, Alfie.”
The embroidery slips from Castiel’s suddenly nerveless fingers. He casts a quick glance back at the empty doorway before stooping to retrieve the piece and brush it off. He traces over the words as he does, wondering. He has little doubt as to who worked on it with such love and devotion. The echoes of the dead queen are everywhere in this place, but the mention of angels is new.
“Oh.” Jack makes an apologetic face. “Cimorene didn’t mean to hurt you. You were flapping your arms around, and she thought you wanted her to spread her wings.” His face turns thoughtful, then brightens again. “She can carry us to where Claire is.”
“What?” Dean shook his head fiercely. “No. Nothing like that.” He sighed and ran a hand through his hair, grimacing at the dampness of it. He could tell Sam the truth, explain how he and Castiel had spent the night, but it would feel like a betrayal, somehow. Unconventional as their marriage might be, Dean’s first loyalty needed to be to Castiel now. “I’m just learning how to be a king and how to be a husband while also learning what it means to no longer be at war. It stands to reason I may struggle at times.”
Rolling his eyes, Dean waved him away. “Get some sleep, Castiel. We did it.” He reached up and removed his circlet, gently placing it on the table. “We will have peace between our lands.”
It was not as long or broad as Icelight, and the gleaming blade was steel rather than crystal. But it had many of the same scrolling designs etched into its surface, and set in the pommel were several familiar-looking jewels.
“Camille.” He waits until she lifts her eyes to his, and gives her his most professional stare. “Any detail, however small, could be important.”
Instead, he slowly climbed the stairs until he stood one step below Castiel. He didn’t say anything, but he drew his head down for a deep kiss. Castiel responded with immediate enthusiasm, and by the time they pulled apart, Dean knew he had made the right choice.
“The respect and the admiration?” Dean said wryly. “That’s why everyone loves you so much, Cas. Because you went into that duel not competing with Marv for power, but out of a genuine desire to do good.”
At that, Celeste looks up, eyes wide. “At random? But we must consider who else will be marrying this season, and whether St. George’s will be available.”
“I would rather you be here as well,” Dean admits. “But when you become king, Cas, you’ll have a chance to change all of that. To make things better.”
“Badass?” Cas raises one eyebrow at him. “I’ve never thought of it that way before. It’s the name of an angel.”
Winchester rolled his eyes. “Yes, I am aware.” He laughed, but Castiel thought he detected a note of bitterness in it. “Perhaps I’ll retire there to lick my wounds once you’ve jilted me.”
The low simmer of arousal began to climb higher, small sounds of need falling from Dean’s lips. He arched into Castiel’s hand, three fingers inside him now, and opened his eyes.
Dean walks over to the window, looking out onto his yard. In profile, the perfect lines of his face are even more stark. “I wasn’t here. I was out in the woods.”
“And so here we are,” Dean said softly. His grief over his father’s passing was tangled with his tentative hope for the future, and he expected it was the same for Castiel. They had both lost so much, but stood to gain so much in its stead.
They retire to the living room, Cas stretched out on the couch while Dean rebuilds the fire and then takes a seat in the armchair. It’s a seductively cozy tableau, one that sends Cas’ thoughts drifting down a dangerous path. He can imagine a whole life filled with evenings just like this, quiet contentment and steady company.
“Of course,” Cas says gravely. He pauses for a moment, then holds the golden retriever puppy out to Dean like Rafiki holding Simba up at the beginning of The Lion King. “Here.”
Castiel gave Dean a sly look before turning to Kevin with a raised eyebrow. “Is Dean not usually punctual? Perhaps I am a good influence on him.”
An adorable frown creases his forehead. “Three, I think,” Dean offers. “But man, I’m not sure. Time has become even more of an abstract concept.”
He and Castiel had created new lands where once there had been nothing but mountains. Though it frightened him to admit it, there was power in Dean, and if he could use it now, could harness it to his will--
A lump rises in Dean’s throat as he reconsiders tonight’s events in light of this statement. He’s never really thought of Cas as lonely before, maybe because they usually see each other in busy public places like the coffee shop near their offices or a local bar they’ve gone to after work with a few other people. But those other people are always Dean’s friends, the ones he’s had for years. He’d like to think they’re Cas’ friends too, by now, but it strikes him that Cas has never brought anyone else, has never introduced Dean to any of his friends.
Lips thin, Benny nodded. “It was. And to answer your question, he is there--” Benny pointed in the direction of the refreshments table-- “acquiring beverages for the three of us.”
Ever since Dean had moved out, Wednesday nights were reserved for family dinner. Over the years, the guest list had changed as he and Sam dated different people or brought home various friends, but the only time it was ever cancelled was if one of them was away, which didn’t happen often.
Dean sighs and casts a significant look at Castiel’s dress boots. “You have more of a heel than I do,” he points out.
Dean can see the flash of disappointment in Celeste’s eyes, and he does not fault her for it. He knows she only wants the best for them, wants to see them happy in front of the public, but neither he nor Castiel would be comfortable in such a large venue. The country estate has long been a sanctuary for them, a place of refuge from the hustle and bustle of London, and Dean cannot envision a more perfect place for them to celebrate their union.
“Oh.” Cas clears his throat, pushing a hand through his hair and making it even more deliciously dishevelled than it had been before. “That’s good.”
“So, how was the party?” Cas asks once they’re settled on the couch with steaming mugs of decaf coffee in front of them.
“You are.” Cas reaches across the seat and squeezes his shoulder. “That’s why I know they’re all going to love you.”
“Unfair,” Dean protested, very much enjoying this teasing tone. “Two sisters is not an even trade for one brother.”
Dean lowered his hands and shot his brother an unimpressed look. “He’s the Duke of Milton, for Heaven’s sake. No one would dare give him the cut direct. If he’d just given them all that frosty look of his, he could have sent them all packing and retired to his estate with no further consequences.”
Cas steps down from the cab, taking a minute to check his reflection in the mirror. He takes a deep breath, the chill air filling his lungs with freshness, and then gently pushes open the door to the church.
Cas remembers that night well, despite the years that have passed. He attended alone, but both Jimmy and Amelia made sure he never felt left out. He danced with Amelia and told her how happy he was that Jimmy had found someone like her, and she laid a soft hand on his cheek and told him that someday, he would too.
One side of Castiel’s mouth curls up. “Barely.” He twists his head to look at Dean, assessing. “How are you feeling?”
Mere seconds later, the door groans and swings open to reveal Charlie’s grinning face. Cas feels an answering smile tugging at his own lips and allows himself to be embraced. He pulls away quickly and lets Charlie lead him down the stairs, chattering excitedly the whole way.
Cas shakes his head. “I lived in Seattle,” he corrects. “I’m staying here for the foreseeable future. I can’t leave my brother.”
“Not exactly.” At Cas’ inquisitive look, Benny sighs and explains. “Look. Me and Dean, we had a thing a while back. Nothing serious, and it’s over now, but I still care about him.”
“You’re not going anywhere.” He grabbed his phone from his pocket, relieved to see it hadn’t been damaged, and hit Charlie’s name in his contacts list. “Charlie? Yeah. Listen, I need you to get to the bakery. Like, now.”
He doesn’t want to go home, but he knows if he stays here, he’s going to do something reckless like march back into that restaurant and spill his feelings all over Cas. Pulling out his phone, he sends a quick text to Sam and waits impatiently for a reply.
“But who?” Dean frowns. “I still don’t understand why he killed his own son. Especially if he knew about eating animal hearts. He was obviously trying to control it.”
A pause, and then a huff of laughter. “Fair enough, young prince.” Another pause, this one more weighty. “Or rather, young king.”
“Of course.” He is, after all, an outsider. And on top of that, a constant reminder of Camille’s loss. It was a foolish thought, one better suited to his old life than his current. “I’ll leave you to it, then.”
“Somebody has to keep them in line.” Cas shakes his head, imagining all the possible ways things could go wrong if he left the aquarium under the supervision of the summer students. “They’re all very enthusiastic, but so--”
There’s Castiel, of course. A few days ago Dean would have considered him the furthest thing possible from good company, but now--
He’s been asking persistently since then, but Castiel has remained close-lipped on the subject. Maybe now that he’s been kissed into a good mood--
Dinner was an exercise in exquisite suspense. They talked politely about safe topics such as Dean’s family-- his father had passed away, his younger brother worked in the Paranormal Investigations department of the Lawrence police force-- and their favourite recipes. Dean was effusive in his praise for Castiel’s cooking, and Castiel found himself recounting stories of his adventures in learning to cook as technology changed over the years. “I refuse to own a microwave, though,” he said, grimacing. “I suppose the convenience factor makes them attractive, but seeing as I have no limits on my time, the efficiency holds little value for me.”
“Ah.” Castiel laced his fingers together and rested his chin on his joined hands. “Sorry to disappoint you.”
“Charlie says you took care of that vengeful spirit up in Minneapolis,” Tracy says. “I was kind of hoping you’d call for back-up. Haven’t had a good old salt and burn in a while.”
“A spring wedding.” He looks out the window, where the rain continues to pour steadily down, and grimaces. “You are not without power or influence, my lord, but I do not believe even you can control the weather. Pick a date at random, and we will pray for luck.”
They stayed like that, in companionable silence, until the sun had fully sunk behind the hills and the lantern was their only source of light.
“And you have it. Time, and space.” Balthazar waves his hand in the air, indicating the rest of his apartment. “I said you could stay here as long as you needed to, Cas, and I meant it. But I didn’t think you would be here all the time.”
He took his time on the drive across town. The lights were off in the bakery and in the apartment above it. The girls must have gone out for the evening. Hopefully Krissy had looked in a mirror before then and wiped the icing off her forehead. Dean laughed to himself at the image, then sent her a quick text when he stopped at a red light, asking her to check in when they got home. He hated to play over-protective with them, and she would mock him for it mercilessly, but she would do it.
“Nor taking advantage of other entertainments, I’ve noticed,” Winchester said. His tone was light enough, but his eyes were glittering with something Castiel couldn’t identify. “I’d have thought you were on a wedding trip, judging by your total absence these past weeks.”
“Glad to see Balthazar didn’t wreck the place,” Dean comments as he hangs up his jacket, unprompted.
Dean waved a dismissive hand in the air. “He’s dressed like one of us. She was barely here for a moment. I highly doubt she would know who he is. Besides.” He threw an unreadable look at Castiel. “I think we ought to show my betrothed a little more courtesy, don’t you?”
Dean makes a formal bow to Jack first, then to Billie and Rowena. Jack beams at him and raises a hand in greeting, while Rowena offers a sly smile and Billie simply gives him a regal nod.
“Dean?” It was clear Castiel had just woken up. His eyes were still bleary, and his hair was a complete disaster. He was also wearing nothing but what appeared to be silk boxers in a startling shade of crimson.
“Did you envy him his abilities?” Castiel interrupts to ask. He has wondered, from time to time. How things might have been different if Dean too had been gifted in this way.
“Are you saying that I won’t?” Dean could barely keep his voice controlled. “I have a duty to the kingdom, but I also have my own honour to protect.”
He comes back with a bottle of lube and a condom, raising them for Cas’ inspection. Cas licks his lips as though chasing the taste of himself from Dean’s mouth against his, and Dean feels a surge of lust run through this entire body at the sight. He can be patient, though. For Cas, he can take his time.
Dean climbs into the car, loosening the bow tie from around his neck and tossing it carelessly into the backseat. He has a red wine stain on the sleeve of his formerly-pristine white shirt, there’s something sticky on the bottom of his shoe, and he’s pretty sure he has cocoa dust embedded under his nails.
“Alright, wise guy.” Dean points over to the shoe exchange, where a few other stragglers are lining up. “Let’s get out of these clown shoes and get out of here.”
Rufus lets out a snort. “Don’t thank me yet. It won’t be anything like what you’re used to, you know. No attendants, no lavish meals, no libraries of books and wardrobes bursting with fancy clothes. It will be a difficult life to adapt to.”
The gentle pressure of Castiel’s finger soothes Dean’s panic. As his heartbeat settles and his fright fades, shame creeps in to replace it. He can’t talk, he can’t hold a sword, he can’t even be left on his own without ending up in mortal peril and needing to be rescued. Letting out a soft cheep, he tries to scramble down into Castiel’s satchel to hide away from the judgment he’s sure to see on his face.
“Right.” Dean laughs, running a hand through his hair. “Okay. Back to Claire. She was at the centre you volunteer at?”
“Your Majesty.” Anna makes a flawless curtsey, eyes wide with wonder as she looks at the queen. “We are grateful for your welcome.”
He does not ask questions, for which Castiel is grateful. His mind is already too crowded with conflicting thoughts and emotions, and Dean seems to sense that, running his hands soothingly up and down Castiel’s back and saying not a word. It feels indescribably good to be so close, to hear Dean’s heart beating in his chest, to smell the salt of his skin and the hint of woodsmoke in his hair. It steadies Castiel, soothes him, and eventually, he pulls back far enough to look into Dean’s face.
Dean spends the first week waiting for the phone to ring, like it’s all just a horrible joke or a terrible dream. Like Cas will change his mind. But as the days go by, the reality of the situation slowly begins to sink in, and Dean curses himself for ever thinking it could be any other way. Cas is nothing if not stubborn, and now that he’s made a decision, he’ll stay committed to it.
Dean nods. “Good.” He points his phone down at the ground, illuminating a faint trail of footsteps leading into the woods. “And I know which way to go.”
He knocks down three pins, which isn’t terrible for his first try, but then sends the next ball flying into the gutter. Cheeks burning in embarrassment, he turns back to Cas and shrugs. “Not all of us can be secret bowling masters, I guess.”
Castiel sighed and did his best to look unassuming. “You see, we have a custom in Hiemere that once a person has been betrothed, they must not be touched with bare hands until their wedding night.” He choked slightly on the last words, which he hoped only added to his performance. “Please, do you have gloves you might wear while we work? And gloves incorporated into the ceremonial garb as well?”
It feels strange walking through the tunnel under the stadium on his own. Usually, he’s surrounded by his teammates, their energy feeding his. Dean draws in a deep breath, letting it out slowly, his footsteps echoing down the long hall. He and his team are about to enter the playoffs for the second time in two years, and if Dean has anything to say about it, this time they’re not going to get knocked out in the first round.
He calls Sam, texts back and forth with Charlie a bit, wastes a few hours scrolling through social media on his phone. At one point, it starts raining, but he cracks the window open anyway, letting the fresh air waft over him. It feels like a blessing he isn’t sure he deserves.
Winchester laughed, a low, rich sound that sent a shiver down Castiel’s spine. “No,” he said, but offered no further explanation.
The main room is a large, circular space, torches flickering merrily in sconces along the curving walls. They reflect off something in the stone, casting the entire room in a soft glow. In the far corner, there’s a kitchen fire crackling, with a rough wooden table covered in herbs and flowers pushed against the wall. Closer, there are soft cushions and rugs scattered over the floor, a smaller table with four mismatched chairs surrounding it, and shelves cut right into the stone of the walls lined with ancient-looking books.
There was no mistaking the hurt that flashed across Milton’s features, but he composed himself swiftly. In truth, it was an error on Dean’s part. Milton owed him nothing. This betrothal was a sham he had committed to for a certain length of time, and if Dean happened to have made a muddle of himself over it, that was his problem alone. Milton had been nothing but friendly and cordial and generous with him. It was not his fault Dean was tortured by thoughts of what it might be like to kiss him again, to sing him to sleep at night, to spend long lazy days swimming in the lake and making love on the shore.
“Of course you don’t.” Dean laughed, planting his hands on his hips. “You probably have one of those ancient rotary phones, don’t you?”
It brings them even closer together, their lower bodies in aching contact. “Touch me,” Dean says, kissing a line down the side of Cas’ neck. “I need you to--”
“Go on, then.” Anna waved him away. “We can’t have you embarrassing us by arriving dressed as the country squire you wish to be.”
Benny’s eyes widen as he rests his elbows on the counter, lowering his voice as he leans in closer so as not to be overheard. “Of course, Agent. How can I help you?”
Smiling softly, Anna crossed the room to lay a hand on his shoulder. “Poor Castiel,” she said. “You just wanted to be left alone, didn’t you?”
“So much for a quiet entrance,” Cas mutters under his breath. Dean nudges him forward, and then he’s introducing Dean and Jo, and then Ellen is there, pulling him into a hug while chastising him for showing up unannounced so long after he left Maine. Cas barely has a chance to get a word in edgewise, and that’s when Ellen finally notices Dean hovering awkwardly behind them.
“Of course.” Castiel smiled at Benjamin. “We would be honoured by your presence.” He turned back to Dean with a wry smile. “I am happy to be returning with news of a change that does not seem to be an immediate threat, for once.”
He fast-forwards to just before eight, and sure enough, he’s soon visible exiting the building and turning down the street towards a car parked a few feet away. The camera catches other people passing by, bundled up in warm jackets, but none of them are Ryan.
“Dean?” Cas had turned away from the window and was regarding him with a look of mild concern. “Are you alright?”
“Oh, you’re doing that just fine,” Dean murmured. His hand tightened in Castiel’s hair as he said it, though, and when Castiel bent his head and reapplied himself to his task, the other one soon came up to join it.
Castiel frowns, wondering if there is a layer of human emotional complexity to this he is not grasping. “I do not understand.”
As he dodges the burst of fire, throwing himself behind one of the rocks at the cave’s entrance, Dean’s only hysterical thought is
Not through any desire of his own. If he could, he would devote himself to Lord Winchester, would care for him the rest of their days, just as his mother anticipated. There was a not-insignificant part of him that feared the day he would have to end the fake betrothal. He was quite certain Mrs. Mills would cheerfully eviscerate him for hurting her beloved son.
Drawing in a deep breath, Dean stepped forward. “Tell me now,” he said softly, watching as a faint light of hope dawned behind Milton’s eyes. “Please.”
“They were all dead.” He bites his lip, clutching the rosary more tightly now. “Anna, Gabriel, and Balthazar. My mother. There was so much blood.”
Castiel drank deeply, and though the water lacked the clear coldness of the streams back home, it soothed his parched throat and swept aside some of the pain that fogged his brain. “Your king,” he said after a moment. “Did he survive?”
A small smile threatens to break Rowena’s composure as Dean bounds away through the labyrinth of shelves, muttering to himself. Castiel watches him go, shaking his head, and it takes a moment for him to register the weight of both Sam and Rowena’s eyes on him.
He drives in near-silence, only the rumble of his battered truck’s engine as a soundtrack to the miles travelled. Some nights, he needs music to drown out the memories in his mind. Others, he needs the strange local talk radio to fill the empty space in the cab of the truck. But on nights like this, he needs the quiet. It’s a rare thing in the kind of life he leads.
“You’re alright?” he said, cupping Dean’s cheek in a careful hand. “You’ll tell me if the strain becomes too great?”
Dean was nowhere so free with his touches with Cas, even though he was free with his compliments. His behaviour towards the taller man isn’t that of someone on a first date, but speaks to long familiarity--
Castiel is nothing if not clever. A slight frown crosses his face before his eyes widen in understanding. “You were protecting them.”
The house is dark, but Cas’ eyes adjust to the gloom as he makes his way down the hall. The floor creaks under his feet despite his efforts, and he freezes, throwing up his arm to signal Dean to stop. After a tense pause, they continue.
“I’m sorry.” Balthazar did look genuinely regretful. “I wouldn’t ask this of you under any less dire circumstances. But you’re one of few people who could gain an audience with her, and very little ever escapes her attention.”
A whisper of wind from above draws Dean’s attention upwards just in time to see the sky blotted out. “What the--” he breathes, eyes going wide as he struggles to make sense of what he’s seeing.
“No,” Castiel told him gently. “He does not. He does not even have your best interests at heart, Gadreel. He is thinking only of our kind, but Lawrence is home to other forces as well.” He nodded at their surroundings. “The King of Hell has a special residence here. Do you think the demons will simply accept an ambitious vampire establishing himself as a lord here? And the police force-- they’re well-trained and well-prepared. They know who you are, Gadreel. If Marv needs a sacrificial offering, a scapegoat, where do you think he will look?”
At least he brought back some excellent offerings: chocolate from Belgium, tea from France, and wine from Spain. Cas plans to sample all three tonight. Between those delicacies and the abundance of programming available on Netflix, he’s sure to pass a reasonably entertaining evening.
His fingers hover over the button, unsure. He could just change the description in his profile, leave the account open, maybe start talking to people in earnest. But for all his soul-searching tonight, he knows he isn’t ready for that. He’s still hung up on Cas, and Cas has moved on.
“I do not know,” Sam replied. He looked up and met Dean’s eyes with a rueful smile. “I suppose I have been trying to avoid answering that question.”
Cas does as instructed, then takes a few steps forward. Dean glances up at him but doesn’t rise from the floor, just watches as Cas perches on the edge of the teacher’s desk, trench coat settling around him.
From the colours of their banners, it was a mixed party of Calornans and Hiemerians. Drawing closer, Castiel recognized Sam and Rufus in the lead, their faces showing clear relief. Sam’s horse pulled ahead, charging towards them, and he barely slowed before leaping down from the saddle to pull Dean into an embrace.
He had never been the guest of honour at a ball before. There were a few early occasions, right after he inherited the title, that his presence caused quite a stir, but nothing like this. Every guest wished to speak to him, and soon enough he had his own line waiting to greet him, as though he were the host. Fortunately, Dean had a gift for making conversation that came from a childhood spent in the public room of his mothers’ inn, and he found himself greatly enjoying the process of acknowledging the guests’ well-wishes.
“I don’t disagree with you there.” Dean exhales noisily and rises to his feet, pacing around the small room. “I know you’re just doing your job, Agent, but I’m telling you, I didn’t kill Ryan. You’re wasting your time here, and while you do, whoever did is laughing behind your back.”
“An infection.” Castiel remembers the chaos of his father’s bedside, the healers and priests always clustered around him, his mother standing straight and proud at the foot of his bed. “No one understood why it took him, healthy as he was otherwise.”
“I wasn’t aware I had a problem,” Cas replies drily. He shrugs out of his jacket and hangs it up leisurely, ignoring the way Balthazar taps his fingers against the marble surface of the island. “But please, illuminate me.”
The last time he had seen Michael’s face, it had been in a dream. Castiel remembered the words his brother had spoken with perfect clarity:
Cas steps forward again, and this time Dean moves to meet him. Cas wraps him in his arms and lets Dean’s head rest on his shoulder as he lets out a shaky breath. “It’s gone,” Dean says. “The wolf. It’s gone.”
He’s braced for an argument, but Castiel doesn’t respond. He just takes one last look at the print on the muddy bank and strides away.
A smile plays around Castiel’s lips, and in a sudden burst of movement, he swings Dean up into his arms.
Jamie is quick to bring them a new round, and Dean raises his glass. “Screw Inias,” he says. “What the hell kind of a name is that, anyway?”
“I know this is presumptuous of me,” he said quietly. “But perhaps you will approve of such forwardness. Let me stay in London. Let me accompany you to these parties, to these balls and these musical evenings. I can bear to watch you smile and flirt and charm the entirety of London if you but dance with me once, if I am among the many recipients of that smile. If you find yourself losing your heart to another, I will bow out gracefully, and use whatever consequence I have to ensure you and whoever is fortunate enough to receive your love are not shamed for it. But if you find your eyes straying to mine, if mine are the arms you want around you for the last waltz of the night”-- he smiled crookedly --“please, do not give up on me yet. On us.”
He pulls back to tug off his underwear and put on the condom, and in the space of those few seconds, Cas seems to recover himself. As soon as Dean is safely covered, he pulls him down so Dean’s back is on the mattress and rises above him. Dean’s mouth falls open in surprise and delight as Cas grips him firmly in one hand and positions himself, sinking down onto Dean’s cock with laser-like focus.
By six o’clock, his stomach is growling again. Dean takes a deep breath and climbs off his bed, running a hand through his hair before slowly pushing the door open.
“But he never did?” It’s a sad story, and maybe someone other than Cas could be roused to sympathy by it, but all he can see are the inconsistencies, the strangeness of it all. And in his world, strange is usually a very bad thing.
Heat rises in Castiel’s cheeks, and he clears his throat awkwardly as he turns to leave. Sam laughs, but there is no unkindness in it, and Castiel finds himself smiling as he climbs down the ladder and then down the stairs.
It isn’t easy, turning Impala loose and sending her back towards the castle. The sun is just barely beginning to peek over the horizon, lightening the sky in the east. Dean rests his head against hers for a moment, inhaling deeply, before nudging her around towards the rising sun and making a soft clicking sound. “Go on, girl. Go on home.”
“Very well, then.” Castiel let out a slow breath and extended his hand. A silver ring set with a large blue stone glimmered on one finger, catching the sunlight spilling in through the small window. “Do we have an accord, Prince Dean?”
Considering the way things ended, though, maybe taking it slow isn’t always a guarantee of a lasting relationship. Besides, that’s not what Cas is looking for, and not what Dean is offering.
Dean groaned and buried his hands in Milton’s thick dark hair, pouring all the desire that had been building throughout the evening into the kiss. Milton’s mouth was hot on his, his lips moving with ruthless assurance, and the hand not on Dean’s shoulder was burning hot against the small of his back. Milton slid his lips away, and Dean made a noise of protest that soon turned to pleasure as Milton nipped lightly at the bolt of his jaw, then the lobe of his ear. Taking advantage of the position of his hands, Dean steered Milton’s face back to his and slanted his mouth over those soft pink lips, thrilling at the thought of them turning red from his kisses.
“Oh, yes. We’re in agreement there.” Castiel raised his glass and saluted Dean with it before taking the last sip. “Clearly, I have much to learn from you in this regard.”
In the corridor, Benny and Charlie fell into step behind them but left enough distance to give Sam and Dean some semblance of privacy. “What is this about?” Sam asked again as they exited the castle through the southern gate. “You’re acting very strange.”
Castiel glances over his shoulder, his eyes wary, and Dean gives him a brief shake of his head. Their disagreement must be put aside for the moment. Aliette is their first priority now. Castiel nods almost imperceptibly, then leans in closer and murmurs something to her, sweeping a hand back towards the bed to indicate Dean. An introduction, if he had to guess.
“But not too much joy,” Dean added. “Or we will have to start this entire process all over again, and frankly, I am exhausted.”
Castiel forced a laugh but winced inwardly. He had no doubt he and Winchester would have a tempestuous marriage, if only they had a marriage at all.
Despite his words, an hour passes with no sign of the rain slowing. Thunder booms above them, and when a sharp crack of lightning illuminates the clearing around them, Dean flinches.
He remembers that first, confused step into the house. The feeling that somehow, it was all some sort of trick. The slick spill of blood in the entryway, and one outstretched hand, fingers curled up towards the sky.
Reaching out, Castiel lays a tentative hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I’m sorry,” he says softly. “How old were you?”
Pressing another firm kiss to his lips, Castiel reached across the bed and into the nightstand beside them. Dean’s eyes followed his movements, curious, and he let out a small sound as he saw Castiel close his hand around a tube of lubricant. Dean immediately shifted on the bed, legs opening, but Castiel smiled down at him and shook his head. “Not tonight.”
This might not be his usual bar, or his usual team, but this is something Cas knows, and something he’s missed, and he’s delighted to have it back in his life.
He doesn’t mention the way his heartbeat picked up at the end of their date, when Cas looked at him from under those dark lashes and asked if he ever kissed any of his dates. Dean doesn’t keep track of how many people he’s gone out with-- it would feel cheap, somehow-- but he does know he’s kissed six of them. There’s a small part of him that regrets Cas not being among that number, not with any kind of resentment but just a particular wistfulness. He’d be willing to bet Cas would be a great kisser, tentative at first but quickly gaining confidence and enthusiasm.
“Nah, you’re doing pretty well.” Dean winked at him, then smoothly took the bill out of their server’s hands before Castiel could grab it. “My treat,” he said firmly. “You cooked for me last time.”
“Alright, no parties,” Dean agrees easily. “But something like this. Come on, man, you showed up for my birthday when no one else did. You’ve got to let me return the favour.”
“No, no, it’s fine.” Dean clears his throat roughly. “You know I hate standing on ceremony with you guys. It’s just--” he closes his eyes, letting out a shaky exhale. “Cas and I, we, uh, broke up.”
“Sure.” Charlie shrugged. “But the problem with that is when the bad guys decide to hire a goon to send instead, one who isn’t covered by the barrier.”
“I can see that.” Dean turned to the other man. “Balthazar, is it? You must be the friend who needed Castiel’s help the other night. You’re looking okay to me now.”
Still grinning, Dean takes a few more steps away from the road. The light is fading, but enough remains for him to find a second flower a few steps away, more north than west. “They came this far west through the trees, then turned north,” he says. “I don’t know why, but they did.”
Cas holds up a hand in what he hopes is a soothing gesture. “I’m not suggesting anything. But Ryan’s body was found near his property. I’m merely wondering if Dean mentioned anything recently, anything strange or out of the ordinary.”
Castiel cries out as pain lances through him. He falls to the floor of his cage and rises on human feet, then stumbles. His body is much the same as it was a day before, with one exception: the enormous wings that stretch from the middle of his back, too wide to be fully extended within the cage.
“Well, now it’s time.” Dean notes that Cas’ glass is empty, and waves to Jamie. “Do you want another beer?”
Cas winces, imagining what a terrible shock that must have been, while also noting the name. He’ll have to pay this Elizabeth a visit as soon as possible. “Anything else?”
“Not really,” Cas interrupts. It isn’t entirely true-- he’s supposed to be behind the desk for this last portion of his shift, but Joshua never comes to check on him, and the exhibit hall is slowly emptying out around them. It’s unlikely anyone will miss him. “I’d be happy to introduce you to some of our residents.”
“So it is true,” the man says softly, eyes widening. He pushes his long hair away from his face and slowly shakes his head. “An angel, here in our midst.”
Only then does Dean drop his gaze, eyes sweeping slowly from the top of Castiel’s head all the way to his feet and then back up. “I’m one hell of a lucky guy,” he murmurs with a crooked smile.
“You.” Plenty’s voice went cold, cold as the Hiemerian wind. “I ought to raise another mountain and bury you here again.”
“Okay.” Dean rises to his feet, closing his eyes as he imagines it. “Just because Claire’s prints aren’t here doesn’t mean”-- he swallows roughly-- “doesn’t mean anything has happened to her. Anything else.” Opening his eyes, he looks down at Jack’s bootprint again. “It’s only the one print. Someone covered their tracks, and they missed this one.”
After they finish eating, it’s time to head out. “You look out for my brother out there,” Sam instructs as he shakes Cas’ hand. “Hunting isn’t exactly a safe career choice.”
He sounded more awed than afraid, so Castiel relaxed his grip on his knife as he nudged his horse forward. A few steps ahead, the path widened enough for him to draw up beside Dean, and so they rounded the corner and took in the scene before them at the very same moment.
Dean nodded. It was a common predicament for those who had served under Sam’s command, cast adrift by the peace treaty with Hiemere. Many of them had found new livelihoods, but others-- “She has a place among the Royal Guard, if she wishes it.”
“We knew Sam had inherited the gift by the time he was three. He could open the jars of his favourite jam without touching it, or make his toy dog chase him around the room. Small, simple, silly things. Mom was so proud.”
“There’s something that’s been bothering me about this whole thing,” she says, pushing aside the yellow tape. “Other than the way the body was torn up, we found no signs of any big critters around here. No paw prints, no fur, nothing.”
“It was so sudden.” Dean crosses the room to stand at the window, his back to Castiel. “One day she was here, working on her embroidery while Sam and I played one of our silly games. The next day, she was gone. A fever, they said. Nothing to be done.”
“Sure.” Dean shrugs, clearly uneasy, like he’s starting to realize he might have made an incorrect assumption. “She’s not--”
It looks peaceful. Idyllic, even. Cas cuts the engine and gets out of the truck, hand drifting automatically to adjust his tie. Schooling his features into a neutral expression, he steps onto the porch and knocks on the door.
Dean leaned into the touch, and as he did, he turned his head to press a kiss to the base of Castiel’s cock. Castiel swore under his breath as Dean moved his head, working his way along his shaft with light, brief kisses that set a fire coursing through his veins. “I couldn’t please you the way I wanted to that day,” Dean continued. “Will you let me do so now, my lord?”
Castiel’s hand twitches at his side, aching to reach out. But instead, he tilts his head to the side, frowning. “You think it is sad?”
It’s slow going, dragging himself back towards the truck. He’s shivering now, all his careful layers doing little to prevent the chill from seeping into his bones. He’s fairly confident he’s heading in the right direction, but the trees all look the same, and the pain is making him light-headed. Gasping for breath, he rests against a tree trunk and reaches into his pocket with shaking hands.
“Fuck.” Dean sat up, scrambling in his pocket to retrieve it without even looking at the display. “What?”
“I’m not disappointed,” Dean corrects him. “Just--” He waves his hand loosely towards the field. “Need a minute to adjust, you know?”
Cas shrugs, but there’s a hint of a pleased smile playing around the corners of his lips. Dean inwardly fist-pumps the air, finally feeling like he’s succeeding in his goal of making Cas feel good about himself.
Something warm and soft settles in Dean’s chest as he cautiously opens the door to find a grilled cheese sandwich and a glass of orange juice sitting in the hall. He can smell traces of Cas’ aroma in the air, but true to his word, the Alpha has given Dean plenty of space. Dean smiles to himself as he brings the plate back to his nest, feeling absolutely decadent as he eats grilled cheese in bed.
Dean’s voice breaks through the pounding of Castiel’s blood in his ears, and he inhales deeply. “I’m fine,” he lies. “I didn’t realize how much it would upset me, discussing this.”
With that troubling thought in mind, Dean didn’t notice a familiar figure coming to stand at his side. “You’re looking unusually pensive,” Benny said, voice low. “Where is the fabled Winchester charm?”
Tucked against the base of a sturdy oak at the top of a small rise, it looks like an ordinary stone, no larger than Dean’s fist, but it glows with an eerie light. Castiel makes a small, surprised noise and bends down towards it, hand outstretched, and Dean snaps to attention.
“The afternoon was a bit better,” Dean admits. “I went back to my office and finally got out of my wet shirt. Thank god I keep a spare hoodie in there for when the A/C is blasting.” He gestures down at the faded black sweater he’s currently wearing. “Not exactly up to Adler’s standards, probably, but I wasn’t planning on seeing him again. I shut the door and got some work done, and I was pretty happy with what I came up with.”
“This is where you belong, Dean.” Castiel waves his hand at the room around them, sweeping it upward to indicate the nursery a few floors above. “Here, with your family. Not hiding away in the woods with me.”
By early evening, he has an itemized list of priorities and an incomplete list of suspects. Cas lets out a slow breath and pushes his hand through his hair, only realizing afterwards that his fingers are covered in ink and his forehead probably now matches. He can’t be bothered to go check, and since he has no plans of appearing in public tonight, it hardly matters.
Cas waits until he hears the door close, then gets to his feet with a groan. He wanted so badly to reach up, to cradle Dean’s face in his hands, to close the last inches between them and press their lips together. It would be a monumentally unwise thing to do, and Cas should be glad he resisted the urge, but instead, he inwardly berates himself all the way down the short hall to the bedroom.
“And you didn’t press him on the matter?” Castiel found that hard to believe. Crowley dealt in information-- why would he allow any piece of it to be kept from him?
“Yes, and my sixty-five year-old father would still win handily, I’m sure.” Cas laughs and picks his drink back up to take another sip.
Castiel looked over at him, intrigued, and Dean grinned sheepishly in response. “Okay, fair. Still. I would have preferred the information without all-- that.”
Castiel sucked in a startled breath. He glanced carefully at both Balthazar and Winchester, gauging their reactions, and was shocked to find them both calming visibly. Winchester exhaled slowly and gave a rueful shrug, while Balthazar dipped his head and made an airy gesture with his hands.
For a moment, frozen, they regard one another. Then the darkness pulls back, and Castiel lets loose a wordless cry of loss.
Dean’s mouth went dry. It was highly unfair, that Milton was so bloody attractive. It made everything so complicated-- as did his unexpected moments of levity, his concern for his family, the way his voice went soft in quiet moments between them.
Something was scratching at the edge of Dean’s mind. “This is why you’ve been pushing me to take over the bakery,” he said slowly. “You want to do it. To become a Reaper.”
It was both a statement and a command, if Castiel were not mistaken. He bowed and murmured, “I will,” knowing it was the expected response even as it broke his heart to make a promise he would be unable to keep.
A number of possible responses flashed through Dean’s mind. If the marriage was indeed so embarrassing for Silverton, how must it feel for Benny, knowing he was only valued for his wealth? What were people whispering about him, and did Silverton give a fig about his reactions?
“Which implies that your method of arriving here was less than discreet.” Sam leans forward, eyes bright with interest. “Magic?”
“I doubt that,” she replied drily. “But even kings must be humbled on occasion.” She curtsied again, then swept out of the room, skirts rustling behind her.
He’s about to ask Castiel for his opinion when he looks up to see that Castiel has taken advantage of his distraction and made a winning move. Dean’s mouth drops open, and he points an accusing finger at Castiel. “That’s unfair,” he protests.
Benny raises his hands in surrender. “Alright, alright. Yeah, I talked to Dean that night. Must have been around eight o’clock.”
Two weeks after his duel with Marv, Castiel walked into the Roadhouse and ordered a glass of red wine. Jo flashed him a knowing smile as she placed the glass in front of him and said, “He’s just grabbing something from the back.”
He knocked lightly before entering, not wanting to startle Castiel. Though his voice was muffled by the door, he clearly heard Castiel call out, “Come in.” Dean took a deep breath and pushed open the door, already mentally composing an apology.
No, he didn’t, and Dean cursed himself for it. “Get back to work,” he said, scowling fiercely at them. “I may not be the boss yet, but I can still fire you.”
He can’t hear what they’re saying, but from the way the queen’s arms are wrapped so tightly around Claire and the way Claire has her face buried in her mother’s shoulder, he’s fairly certain  he can guess.
“It would explain the ongoing symptoms.” Layla’s face was terribly compassionate. “And there may be some among the castle’s residents who are not easily able to forget years of enmity with Hiemere.”
Dean’s breath catches in his throat, and he presses one trembling hand to his mouth. His eyes lock onto Castiel’s, and in them he sees nothing but love. Love, in all its tender glory.
The rooms were large and airy, illuminated by lamps hanging from the ceiling. In the daytime, the large windows would let in the bright Calornan sun, and sheer curtains fluttered gently in the nighttime breeze. Castiel took a slow look around, his eyes skipping past the large bed in an alcove to his right as he licked suddenly dry lips.
Dean reaches out and shoves him gently. Castiel goes sprawling off balance, laughing, and Dean immediately extends a hand to pull him back up. “I heard my mother and Queen Naomi talking the other day,” he says, lowering his voice even though there is no one to overhear him. “They were discussing a visit next summer. To Lorivale.”
“Night, Sam.” With one last wave, Dean leaves his brother’s apartment, feeling about a thousand times lighter than he did when he walked in.
“Bye,” Dean said to Balthazar with a little wave. “If you need to contact me, you can find me at the Roadhouse on Tuesday and Friday nights, or at Campbell Cakes on Sunday, Monday, and Thursday mornings.”
Anna rolled her eyes in a most unladylike fashion. “Of course you invite him. And his brother, and a few select friends. A small gathering, so you won’t feel overwhelmed. You’ll have everyone desperate for an invitation, but it will give you some time away from London.” She grinned, then, looking ten years younger and a thousand times more mischievous. “And I will have the chance to be approached on my own merits again, rather than as a source of gossip about my brother, the ever so mysterious Duke of Milton.”
“No pets.” Benny shakes his head, giving Dean a stern look, but then softening it with a wink. “Not until we’ve moved into our new place, at least.”
“But what?” Jimmy stares at him, one eyebrow raised. It’s a tad disconcerting, the understanding behind his eyes. “Cas, I know I haven’t said it enough, but thank you. Thank you for being here these past months.”
“They are,” Cas agrees. He still hasn’t stepped back, only a few inches between their bodies. When he passes Dean’s phone back to him, their fingers brush together, and he withdraws so slowly it has to be deliberate.
Castiel shook his head slowly. “No, it is not.” All traces of surprise and hesitance vanished as he raised his voice. “Kelvin, Benjamin. We are following this trail. Kelvin, you may lead if you desire, or I will.” He looked every inch the king, despite the fact that he wore no crown, and Dean’s heart ached with love for him, for his strength and his curiosity and his fierce protectiveness of his land.
“You as well,” they respond. “I’ve heard so much about you from Jimmy and Amelia over the years. I’m sorry it took an event like this for us to finally meet.”
Stepping forward, he stretched out a hand. Instinctively, Dean took it, the warmth of Castiel’s palm a soothing counterpoint to the shiver that raced down Dean’s spine at his touch.
She hesitated, then shook her head. “I never saw him. He talked to someone on the phone, somebody with a weird-ass name. I never caught it.”
Benny’s lips tightened, but he took the proffered arm and shot Dean a warning glance over his shoulder. Dean bit back the harsh reply that had been forming on his lips and fumed silently as Benny and Silverton exited the church, the well-wishers outside breaking into a chorus of congratulatory shouts.
They narrowly avoid crashing right into one another, and are off their horses and in each other’s arms so quickly Dean isn’t sure there’s no magic involved.
Castiel hesitated a moment before replying. “No. Just-- the subject of makers. It has arisen recently, and I don’t particularly enjoy dwelling on it.”
Dean snorted with laughter. Charlie’s roommate Madison was a werewolf, and after hours of discussion with her, Charlie had convinced her medical lab to work on developing a shift-suppressing pill for werewolves that could allow them to remain human on the night of the full moon. “Like birth control, but for werewolves,” as Charlie had explained it.
Nancy’s eyes widen with surprise as Dean follows Cas into the sheriff’s station, but her warm smile never wavers. “Hi, Mr. Winchester,” she says. “Good to see you.”
Castiel managed a small smile, though his eyes remained distant. “I’m fine,” he replied. He patted his hip, where a small flask was attached to his belt. “I have Layla’s tonic with me.”
He’s being unreasonable. And rude. Charlie’s words rattle in his head, a sick feeling rising in his throat. Is he being arrogant? Is he being selfish? He’s had a fairly impressive career as a hunter, but a relatively short one. If someone more experienced-- Jesse, or Tracy, or even Jo-- were to come to join him here, would they see things he had missed?
“Fine.” Charlie hops down from the counter and rolls her eyes at him. “But just you wait. I bet Cas is secretly some sort of Greek billionaire, waiting to whisk you away on his giant yacht.”
Fortunately, they found the rest of the party gathered in one of the sitting rooms, and Dean was soon swept into a friendly debate between Sam and Miss Turner regarding the latest anonymously published novel sweeping the nation. Sam believed it could only have been written by a man of significant experience, while Miss Turner argued that anyone who spent any amount of time among the ton could have skewered them so effectively. Not having read the novel in question, but now desperately wanting to, Dean found himself agreeing with Miss Turner, and only partially because he wanted to rile his brother.
Castiel meets his eyes, and there’s a new spark of determination in his gaze. “It means our search begins right here.”
Dean blinks at her. It’s so obvious to him he doesn’t understand how she can’t see it. “For showing up so unexpectedly,” he says. “For demanding help. For not having been here in two years.”
Holding up the circlet of roses, Dean said, “I offer this token, husband, as a sign of my commitment to you and to the alliance between us.”
Dean smiled, holding Castiel’s gaze. He slowly licked his lips, watching as Castiel’s eyes dropped to follow the movement, darkening as they did. “Well,” Dean said. “I am not inclined to look upon this blessing with suspicion. I believe we ought to take advantage of it while we can, if you are willing?”
The door opens and a harried maid rushes in, saying something in rapid French that Dean is nevertheless easily able to interpret as scolding. Aliette hangs her head, looking chagrined, but Castiel holds up a hand and says something to the maid, who bobs a curtsey and nods in response to his words.
“I don’t know anything,” Patience whispers. “Please, sir, you have to believe me.” She looks at Dean, pleading. “I don’t know anything.”
The yard of the Red Lion Inn is bustling, wagons and riders jostling for space. Donna dodges them all with expert ease, Castiel trailing behind her. She pushes open the heavy wooden door and beckons him inside with a broad grin. “Welcome,” she says, depositing her basket on the counter. “It isn’t much, but it’s home.”
“Is it?” he asks quietly. “I would have thought it would be a blow to your professional reputation. Shouldn’t you want me to be dating again?”
Castiel swings out of the bed, energized, and throws his robe on, belting it tightly. He opens the bedroom door and meets Cersei’s baleful glare, running a hand down her back as he passes on the way to the kitchen. He turns on the coffeemaker, humming to himself, one of those songs Dean loves to pretend he hates but sings along to every time it comes on the radio.
“Yeah, and now you’re solving crimes together?” Ruby shook her head, eyes glinting. “That’s cute. All that adrenaline, getting into close corners together-- I’m betting we’ll be seeing this Castiel at family dinner within a month.”
Cas never called him back after Dean left that voicemail two weeks ago. For the first few days, he watched his phone with laser-like intensity, jumping at every ring and praying to see Cas’ name on the screen. Eventually, he realized it wasn’t going to happen, and by now, he’s given up hope. Cas doesn’t want to talk to him. He made that clear when he left, and nothing has changed. Not in that regard, anyway.
It is a blessed relief to take his true form, to leave the constricting clothing and aching muscles behind. As a burst of pure blue-white light, he streaks through the sky, moving far faster than he could have on his feet. The exhaustion of the past few days falls away, replaced by the joy of flight.
With a sigh, Benny drops into the armchair across from him and tugs Dean down to perch on its arm. “Ain’t everyday your friend tells you he wants to get cozy with your boyfriend,” he says eventually. “I’m not mad, Cas. I’m just a little surprised.”
Tom bares his teeth and snarls, advancing on Cas again. Donna aims and fires, the bullet lodging in his shoulder, but he barely slows.
A few yards further, he stops again. His body is betraying him, though his mind rails against its weakness. He drags himself forward another few inches, his eyes fighting to stay open. This was a terrible idea, and he has no one to blame for it but himself.
Dean shoves aside the flood of horrible images that one word summons. “So what now? We just set out blindly and hope for the best?”
What did that make them now, Castiel wondered, considering Balthazar’s lineage and Castiel’s own position? How would alliances be drawn if he and Winchester truly were a couple? And what horrible things might they have to say about privileged, titled men, once the fake betrothal was ended? And what wedge might it drive in Balthazar’s marriage, with Castiel and Winchester at odds and both their friends seeking to lay blame at someone’s door?
Once again, the place is packed, but Cas manages to find an empty stool at the counter. He can see Elizabeth bustling around the booths, but as he hoped, Benny is behind the counter, pouring coffee and taking orders with an efficiency Cas admires. He waits patiently to be noticed, and within minutes, there’s a hot cup of coffee in front of him and a welcoming smile on Benny’s face.
“Should we split up?” Dean asks, eyes on the thick clusters of trees rather than on Cas’ face. “Cover more ground?”
It goes almost exactly the same way as the first, with Cas almost perfect and Dean somewhere between total disaster and lucky bastard. The bowling alley slowly empties out around them, until they’re the last players in their zone and the music has been lowered to a more reasonable level.
They were quiet as they followed Rufus along the narrow, rocky path. It wound around jagged boulders, gravel crunching beneath their horses’ hooves. They kept the pace slow, though the slope was gradual, as none of them had any desire to go rushing headlong into unknown territory. After about ten minutes, Rufus held up one hand and twisted to look over his shoulder.
Inhaling sharply, Dean cast a look at Billie. Her expression betrayed no emotion, but in her eyes, Dean thought he saw something like rage. “To strike at the very heart of the land,” he said slowly. “No one was harmed, I hope?”
He opens it cautiously to find her sitting on her bed, wearing a black dress and pulling on a pair of low black heels. “We’re almost to ready to go,” he says. “I take it this means you’re joining us.”
“Hmn.” Dean trailed kisses down his chest, lingering over his collarbone. “As tempting as it is to get my mouth on you, I admit--”
“Dean?” Castiel pulled the door back, a hesitant look on his face. “This is an unexpected pleasure.”
He sees the flare of desire in Castiel’s eyes and smiles in satisfaction. “Yes,” Castiel answers. “You will.”
It was intoxicating, the desire in his eyes. Castiel nodded and slid a third finger into him, feeling the stretch and the give of him as he did. Dean shuddered, so Castiel leaned forward, dropping kisses across the back of his shoulders until he relaxed in his hold, and only then did he begin to move his fingers again.
The attendants brought in more wood, adding it to the roaring fire. Dean passed a hand over his sweating face and wiped it on his thin silk shirt, already ruined by the heat. Heat was what they knew in the eternally warm land of Calorna, but not like this. This was not natural for them, but neither was the wound that was slowly leaching the warmth and the life from King John’s body.
Slowly, Castiel shook his head. “No,” he said. “Only the semblance of him. It is an honour to meet you, King Dean. My name is Void.”
They stand in silence after that, watching as the water gives way before the ship, carrying them closer and closer to the newest member of their family.
Castiel nods. It is a good plan, and midsummer’s eve is only three weeks away. Any longer, and he does not think he could bear the wait.
Dean stares at him, something warm settling in his chest despite the chill that blew in when he opened the door. Stubborn, committed, irritable Cas. He walked all the way over here, in the middle of a snowstorm that caused a city-wide power outage, just because he had told Dean he would be here, and he wasn’t one to break his promises. And now all he’s asking Dean for is a pair of sweatpants.
The soft fabric of Dean’s shirt rustles as he mimics Castiel’s position. “I do too,” he says quietly. “I am ready to be king. I want to be a good king, and my mother has prepared me well for it. But there are times I wish I could have chosen it, rather than being marked for it just because of the circumstances of my birth.”
Castiel rises from his seat and crosses to the window. A moment later, he senses Dean’s presence behind him. “When all this is done,” Dean says, “will you tell me why?”
Castiel turned to her, raising one eyebrow. “I think a hipster vampire would be one who collected artifacts from a time before they lived,” he corrected her stiffly. “Not one who has kept those he accumulated over the course of his long existence.”
Reaching between them, he closed his hand around Dean’s length, watching the way his eyes fluttered closed at that first contact. He stroked him lightly through the cotton before using his free hand to tug the material off, leaving Dean bare before him, the candlelight turning his skin to gold.
The butler saw them approaching and made a low bow. “Your Grace. Lord Winchester. You are expected in the drawing room.”
Milton’s hand tightened on his for a second before he pulled away. “Well, then. We have a bargain. Ought we inform your brother of our happy news?”
That gave Castiel an idea. “You know,” he murmured, lips soft against Dean’s neck, “I can’t warm my hands, or any part of me, on my own. I need your assistance with that.”
, to me, as though I were your sworn spouse, and yet in four years together, you have never suggested we marry!”
“Until our marriage threatened to unite our lands again,” Dean said softly. He had absorbed Rowena and Billie’s explanations of the prophecy, of the importance of joining what had been broken, but he had not truly understood them, not until now. The war between Calorna and Hiemere was what kept the peace between Plenty and Void, and when it ended, so too did their uneasy entente.
He turns Castiel’s last words over in his mind as they continue north. He likes to think he does a decent job balancing his obligations to Claire with those to his family. He sees them as often as he can, and they keep up a lively correspondence in between. But it’s true that he tends to draw a dividing line in his own life, right at the time he swore his oath to Claire. Maybe if he hadn’t worked so hard to keep things so sharply separated, he would have remembered about the goldengrace berries sooner.
It was not enough-- far from it-- but it was what they had, and the now-steady stream of messengers and traders who crossed the mountains allowed them to maintain a lively correspondence even when they could not be in each other’s physical presence.
Their laboured breathing echoed through the room as he thrust into Dean’s body again and again. Nothing in the world had ever felt quite like this. Not the sun on his face in the fields of Eastern Europe as a young man, nor the first taste of blood when he was newly turned, nor any of the numerous and varied sexual encounters he’d had in the past. He could ascribe the difference to the heightened awareness of his own mortality, but he knew that was not the main reason.
It’s true, but Cas still shakes his head, wondering why Jimmy and Claire are having so much difficulty communicating. He would have thought Amelia’s death would have brought them even closer together. “Is Kaia coming as well?”
Laughing, Dean opens his mouth to answer, then closes it again. Cas is definitely attractive-- very much so. He’s handsome in a classic way, but is he cute? Dean remembers the enthusiasm with which he’d recounted the story of Xena’s name and smiles to himself. “Yeah,” he says. “Kinda dorky, but yeah. He’s got this dark, messy hair, and these big blue eyes--”
She sank into a low, graceful curtsey as Dean turned to face the crowd. They all made the proper gestures of respect, held them for a moment, then rose again and erupted into cheers and applause. Dean felt a smile tugging at the corners of his lips as he raised a hand to quiet them.
“I’m not sure yet.” Sam sat back down and shook his head slowly. “One, the number of vampires registered for the blood banks has increased dramatically over the past month or so.”
Sitting back, Dean opens his mouth, then closes it again. The only people who talk to him like that are Sam and his mom, or occasionally Bobby. “Well,” he mumbles. “When you put it that way--”
Charlie had started working at the bakery back when she was in high school. She and Dean had immediately bonded over their shared fondness for Star Wars, and their friendship had only deepened over time. She had quickly been folded into family dinners the moment Mary realized she had no other family, and had been attending faithfully ever since.
“I went shopping just for tonight,” she says, lowering her voice like she’s telling him a secret. “I haven’t had a reason to dress up in years. The most formal I get is for parent-teacher interviews.”
Good Lord, the man was handsome. A pity he kept himself locked away in the country for most of the year. He would make a fine addition to the gardens and ballrooms of London, glittering even amongst the most celebrated beauties of the Season.
Finally, Dean turns back to look at him. “No offense, Agent, but I’d rather not play twenty questions with you right now.” He climbs to his feet and is halfway down the aisle before Cas calls out after him.
There’s only one place he goes when he’s feeling this kind of way, and that’s the Roadhouse. The parking lot is busy, which bodes well. If it’s too slow, Jo will want to talk. He finds a small table tucked in the back corner for the same reason, knowing it’s Donnie’s section. Donnie is safe-- they get along well, but he doesn’t ask questions.
So as Cas turns back to him, a hint of a smirk hovering around his lips, Dean allows his own lips to curl up, his eyes to linger frankly on Cas’ legs before rising to his face.
Immediately upon entering the sheriff’s station, Cas knows he won’t receive the same friendly treatment he’s become accustomed to in Sydnam. The woman behind the desk glares at him over the top of her wire-rimmed glasses, even after he forces a smile and flashes his badge at her. She waves him back towards the sheriff’s office, her eyes following him the entire way.
“Yeah.” Claire pushes a strand of hair behind her ear and nods. “Not that we’re trying to get rid of you or anything.”
Once they had determined Dean was not at risk of succumbing to the illness that plagued Castiel, they had grown bolder. After a long day of meetings and speeches, Dean found it wonderfully relaxing to sink back onto the wide bed beside Castiel, talking over the events of the day with him. They still maintained a careful distance, but as long as Dean was awake and aware, he did not fear accidentally touching Castiel and causing them both that piercing pain. There were times he wished he could drift off to sleep, listening to Castiel’s steady breathing beside him, but he could not let down his guard that far.
They both return the gesture, and when the door closes, Dean turns to Castiel and holds up a hand to halt his speech. “Later,” he insists. “Whatever we have to say to one another, it can wait.”
He already knows it will be a sleepless night. He’ll lie awake, hoping to hear the creak of Claire’s door, hoping she’ll come to laugh at him for being so worried about her. Wondering if she’s warm enough, wherever she is, and if she’s still wearing the flower crown she wove for herself.
“I thought the ‘icicle version’ statement made that clear.” Cas is stripping off his boots now, and the curve of his spine as he bends over distracts Dean for a split-second before he focuses on the subject at hand.
There was no reply Dean could make to that. He swallowed roughly and dragged his eyes away, noting that they’d reached a rolling expanse of grass with a distant rise ahead. A reckless energy surging inside him, he threw a mischievous grin over his shoulder at Milton and said, “Race you to that rise?”
Cas looks around the room, all the familiar faces lit up with the simple comfort of a shared meal and shared memories in the making. It’s strange, seeing everything from the centre of the table rather than the far end where he would normally seat himself. Strange, but kind of nice. He’s grown so accustomed to thinking of change as a negative thing, associating it with the darkness of his past, that he’s forgotten how untrue that really is. Just as the moon waxes and wanes, his life has changed and will continue to change both for better and for worse, and it’s the balance that makes it beautiful.
Laughing, Castiel spins him out, then reels him back in so their chests are pressed flush together. He’s gorgeous like this, face free and open, and Dean really, really wants to kiss him in front of all these people.
Castiel closed his eyes, imagining it. It had been so long since he had stood in the light of the sun. What would it be like, to feel its warmth on his face again?
“Nobody knows. Dean must have been, oh, twenty or so at the time? Old enough to look after Sam. We all offered to help, but he always refused and said his father was coming back.”
She throws a wave over her shoulder before taking Balthazar’s hand and allowing herself to be led upstairs. Dean watches them go, smiling softly, then turns to Castiel with a raised eyebrow. “Well, my lord? We are in Paris, after all.”
“Of course.” Balthazar laughed. “I just received a most intriguing message from your dear Naomi. I believe it was intended to be shared with you.”
He’s treated to an exaggerated eye-roll, but Dean answers. “Yeah. My brother moved out to go to college, and now it’s just me.”
Amelia has been queen of Anatiac for nearly twenty-five years. Before that, she was raised the eldest daughter of a prosperous landowner. Dignity is bred into every bone in her body.
The moonlight spilling in from the window illuminates their newly-bared skin as they undress slowly, taking the time to re-learn each other’s bodies. Though he knows Dean has already forgiven him, Cas uses this opportunity to speak his apologies without words, with soft touches and gentle caresses instead. Dean is beautiful, inside and out, and his generosity never fails to humble Cas, to inspire the same in him.
When Dean comes back out, dressed in his current standard outfit of sweatpants, band t-shirt, and faded hoodie, there’s a steaming cup of coffee waiting for him. He could definitely get used to this.
Castiel opens his mouth to reply, then shuts it with a wry smile. “Do we have nothing to discuss other than what’s happening back home?”
“If you are there,” he says, something wistful entering his tone, “I pity you, angel. It is no comfortable thing, to be the last of your kind.”
The girls all took their turns while Castiel helped Dean to his feet and supported him across the room. As promised, he barely felt the heat from the flame, just a slight tingling when it turned green.
Protective instincts kicking into overdrive, Dean examines him carefully from across the table. “Are you experiencing shortness of breath? Fever? Exhaustion?”
They make a formidable team. Dean knows music, cars, pop culture, and certain strands of literature. Sam reveals a wealth of knowledge concerning animals, medicine, and-- surprising and somewhat worryingly-- true crime. Balthazar can handle geography, language, and culture, while Hael is well-versed in film and current pop culture. Charlie seems to know a bit about everything, but especially gaming and technology. Added to Cas’ own scientific background and passion for literature, they’re pretty much unstoppable.
He wakes in a cold sweat, his heart pounding furiously in his chest. Drawing in an unsteady breath, he splashes his face with cold water from the basin beside the bed, glancing out the window as he does. It is mostly dark, though a faint line of light hovers just out of sight. Not yet dawn, then.
In doing so, his eyes are drawn to the new ribbon around Castiel’s neck, and to the fact that the thin gold chain he used to wear is no longer present. Frowning, he tugs at Castiel’s hand where it rests on his shoulder, then smiles at the sight of the gold signet ring on his finger.
Dean rolls his eyes and catches Cas around the waist, pulling him close. “Hey. Don’t get weird on me now. My heat might be over, but our quarantine isn’t.”
Dean shakes his head, eyes fixed on the road. “No. It’s long past time. I haven’t seen my brother in years, Cas. I’ve never even met his fiancée.”
“Yeah.” Dean hauls himself back to a seated position and arranges himself as comfortably as possible while remaining upright. “I should probably take first watch again. You must be tired.”
Sam cleared his throat, drawing Dean’s gaze back to him. Immediately, he tensed, recognizing the expression on his brother’s face, the one he wore when he was about to say something he knew Dean wouldn’t like.
Castiel presses his lips together and does not reply. He cannot judge Dean for his flirtations, for the kisses he has recounted to Castiel in rapturous detail. He has kissed a few people over the past years, in much the same spirit as Dean is describing. It doesn’t mean anything, and he knows it hasn’t for Dean either.
Cas scribbles the name down along the top of the files from the sheriff’s station. “Do you know Mr. Winchester at all?”
“She says Crowley’s been even pissier than usual lately. Keeps muttering to himself about bloodsuckers being bad for business.”
Castiel flinches, once again feeling the cold iron bars of his cage against his palms. He clenches his hands tightly and grits his teeth, willing away the memories of his helplessness, his shame and his rage.
“Actually, I was going to suggest Castiel should come with me,” Balthazar interjected. “Before you started flinging insults at me.”
Finishing his meal with impressive speed, Milton led Dean out to the stables. “I’ve heard you’re something of an expert horseman,” he commented, giving Dean a sidelong look. “I do hope my stables will meet your expectations.”
Staring straight ahead, Sam’s voice takes on a distant tone. “I was not always an assistant to Magnus. I have only travelled with him for the past five years.” He glances quickly at Castiel, then looks away again. “I am a magician, but in addition to that, I am the younger son of King John of Kartovale.”
He doesn’t, of course. After he leaves Charlie at Claire’s rooms, he wanders down to the kitchens and charms the attendants into sneaking him an apple tart and a cup of strong tea, then takes them outside to enjoy in the sunshine. From his position at the foot of the tallest tower, he watches as Charlie and Claire emerge, dressed for riding, and head for the stables.
Turning sharply on his heel, he reaches for the handle of the door at the exact moment someone pushes it open from the other side. The frame smacks Cas solidly in the chest, knocking him slightly off balance, and he looks up, ready to apologize for not paying attention. The words die on his lips as he takes in the man standing there, a scowl on his face and a paper takeout bag clutched in his hands.
If his siblings have been hunted, have been chased from their homes by some unknown enemy, Castiel has a responsibility to find them. To save them. If he alone has been spared, the burden of their salvation falls to him. He has no desire to leave these woods, but his path is already unfolding before him. He will follow it to whatever end it leads to, and he will either save his kin or join them in their fate.
Distantly, he hears Sam’s wordless cry as he sinks to the floor beside him. Rowena lays a soft hand on each of their backs, murmuring meaningless words of comfort. “I should not have let him pass,” Sam mutters under his breath. “I should have stopped him.”
“Emmanuel.” It is the wrong name, but it still washes over Castiel like a caress. All he would need to do is lean forward, just a fraction of an inch, and Dean would meet him halfway.
“Balthazar is leaving,” Castiel said, not taking his eyes off his friend’s face. He saw the way Balthazar’s mouth tightened, but he made no effort to refute Castiel’s statement.
It’s hard to tell over the creaking trees and the driving rain, but he sounds almost-- disappointed? Not angry, but resigned.
He has known it, even through these difficult years apart, but hearing Sam say it so definitively, Dean does not know how to respond. He nods stiffly, makes a bow to Sarah and his mother, and shuts the nursery door gently behind himself.
He’s hitting the spot that lights Dean up from the inside, and Dean doesn’t know how much longer he can possibly last. Reaching down, he wraps his hand around his cock, stroking himself in time to Castiel’s movements. A growl escapes Castiel as he looks down to see Dean’s hand sliding over his cock. “Yes,” he says. “I want to see you come, Dean.”
Cas turns to meet Hannah’s compassionate gaze. “They are,” he agrees. “Thank you for letting us know about this. I think it has done Jimmy a world of good.”
Once out of sight, Dean tipped his head back and groaned. What crimes had he and Castiel committed to be punished this way? They liked one another well enough, despite the circumstances of their marriage, and the attraction between them was undeniable. They might have acted on that attraction to their mutual enjoyment, if not for whatever curse prevented them from being unable to touch.
“And you were probably the only one who didn’t,” Claire chimes in. She’s standing with her arm laced through Kaia’s, and she’s grinning at Dean in absolute delight. “Come on, Dean. He was always staring at you, and you were always looking at him like you couldn’t decide if you wanted to kiss him or kill him.”
Exiting his room through the main door, Dean glances down the corridor. He can see another guard further down the hall, but no sign of Claire. “Your Highness?” he says again, knocking on the main door this time. He chews on his lower lip, wondering if he should enter without being invited. It’s a breach of the trust he and Claire have established, but considering how spectacularly Dean has already fucked up today, he’s not sure he can possibly make it worse.
“No.” Patience sweeps her hand over the pile of books and scrolls on her table. “I’ve been studying all day, because I knew I would sleep late tomorrow after the ball. Claire teased me about it, but she understood. She said she would see me at the ball, and we could surprise each other with our outfits.”
“Oh.” Her eyes go wide, and her hands tighten in the scruff around the dog’s neck. “Is there a problem, Agent? I’m Sarah Blake. Sam is my fiancé.”
Castiel raises a hand to cut him off. “You were,” he agrees. “But I was cruel and harsh and impatient.”
“We do not.” Castiel shrugged and reached for another orange. “And on a more personal note, I believe it would reassure my people if they could see for themselves that I am well and not being mistreated in any way. I would not ask Balthazar to leave, but perhaps another of my numerous cousins.”
And Castiel had proceeded to go stiff as a board, eyes hard as flint as he launched into a tirade about Dean’s arrogance, his entitlement, his disrespect for his position and the disgrace it brought on the name of Royal Protector. Dean had listened, shame and rage building inside him with every word, and when Castiel was finally finished, all he’d said was, “You could have just said no.”
He deliberately avoids thinking about the reason he opened his inbox for the first time in a few weeks. What matters is that he’s here, with Lisa, and that she has the best night he can give her.
Shrugging lightly, Castiel said, “I contain multitudes. After over four hundred years on this earth, it becomes tedious to fall too neatly into any one category.”
The angle of their car, frozen in place along the slope, meant that Dean was looking slightly upwards into Cas’ face. It was a good face, dear and familiar after all these years, but it was also a startlingly attractive one. Dean licked his lips unconsciously, wondering what it might feel like to press them against Cas’, to bury his hands in that soft hair and to murmur sweet words against the sharp line of his jaw. For so long, he’d considered Cas unattainable, out of reach. And now here he was, literally above Dean, but never closer to his grasp.
“You’ll be expected to be on your best behaviour,” he concludes, deliberately looking at Garth as he does. “And I would suggest you aren’t late.”
The movie starts, providing a welcome distraction. Dean’s hooked, no matter how many times he’s seen it, but he keeps glancing over at Cas to gauge his reactions. He gets a satisfied thrill when Cas laughs at some of the cheesier lines, happy that they can experience this together.
“You may escort me back, if you wish,” Billie offered, gentler than Dean was accustomed to hearing her sound. Something in her seemed to have relaxed, these past months, though she could still be quite intimidating if she chose. “Once we have concluded today’s ceremony.”
Benny casts a practiced eye at the line of people seated at the counter. “Sure thing, brother. We’ll get that food right out for you, and I’ll drop back over when I can.”
Opening Tinder, he’s surprised at the volume of messages waiting for him. He hasn’t checked his profile since that first night Balthazar set it up-- the night he reached out to Dean. Almost a month ago, now. Cas isn’t convinced he’s ready to plunge headfirst into the dating pool again, but it couldn’t hurt to explore the possibilities, could it?
Cas’ grin is satisfied to the point of smugness. “I pulled a few strings and got us tickets for the fundraising gala tonight. Normally, I would be working, but Hannah owed me a favour for covering her shift, and voila.” He gestures to the crowd of well-dressed people crossing the parking lot towards the aquarium entrance. “I get to enjoy a night off, and you get the chance to show off those dancing skills you bragged about.”
Thank you to ninth grade French class for introducing me to the stories of the loup-garoux and to O.R. Melling's The Book of Dreams for some particular inspiration.
“I told you I would wed you gladly, if that was what you needed.” Obviously, Castiel has been replaying the same conversation in his own mind. “And you told me you did not. I thought the matter settled.” He straightens up to his full height, shoulders square and head held proudly high. “And now you-- what, bargain with me? Is a wedding ring the cost of your continued presence in my life, Dean? Your future presence in Aliette’s? Perhaps it is a transaction after all.”
“In the nightstand.” Dean sets his jaw in a stubborn line, ready to defend having protection so close at hand, but Cas just favours him with a rakish grin and reaches over to grab the packet from the drawer.
“This is delicious.” Cas opens his eyes and raises his wineglass in Dean’s direction. “A toast, to you.”
His heart beats loudly in his chest as he waits for Dean to reply. And waits. The green dot is still beside his name, but he isn’t answering. Cas’ heart sinks, and he curses under his breath. There’s a fine line between confident and pushy, and he gets the feeling he’s landed on the wrong side of it.
Dean turns to smile at Mistress Moseley, the chief healer of Anatiac and Headmistress of the Royal Academy. “The princess does have unnaturally sharp elbows, but I think my skin is tough enough to survive her blows.”
Dean tenses, exchanging a grim look with Sam. Rowena sits upright, smoothing her dress and fixing a smile to her lips. Castiel, still furious with himself for daring to forget his current predicament, moves not at all. He knows there is only one person those steps can belong to: the very person he came all this way to meet.
As his racing heart settles, Dean feels a smile steal over his face. Castiel looks at him, eyes soft in the aftermath of climax, and tilts his head to the side. “What is it?”
It isn’t really an answer, but Cas follows Donna nonetheless as she turns towards the source of the noise. It grows louder as they approach, and soon Cas recognizes it as the sound of an axe hitting wood. But there’s no one out here except--
Dean nodded, and a thoughtful look came over Ruby’s face. “There hasn’t been a big power struggle among the vampires for years,” she said. “If something’s going on, Crowley’s going to want to know about it.”
He trails off, shadows gathering behind his eyes as he glances at Mary. Dean reads the sudden stiffening of his posture, the way he presses his lips together, and cuts off whatever Castiel is about to say next.
Cas and Donna exchange glances. She purses her lips, rueful. “There are too many of them for us to follow, even with the help of Deputies Tran and Fitzgerald. We’re better off narrowing down our list of suspects first.”
“This way.” Castiel leads them off into the trees to their right, following the sound of running water, and they soon arrive at a small forest pool fed by a trickling stream, likely an offshoot of the one they crossed the day before.
“I didn’t expect anyone to be up so early,” Milton laughed, reaching for a plate. “I keep country hours even in London, but I rather assumed you would all do the opposite.”
Rowena is the first to speak, shaking her head slowly as she does. “I begin to understand why you left this place.” She casts an apologetic look at Dean. “No insult to you, my lord.”
The closeness he’d felt between them in the portrait gallery or down by the lake was gone. Dean didn’t know what to say, and Milton was once again the polished aristocrat, the one Dean loved nothing better than to unravel until the man beneath was revealed. But he gave no hint he would be amenable to such a progression.
“Will your other friends be as kind as Monsieur Dupont?” Aliette asks, looking up at Castiel. She pulls her lower lip between her teeth, eyes wide and fearful. “Will they like me?”
Helpfully, the first few buttons are already undone. Dean leans in and does what he’s been imagining all night, pressing his lips to the hollow of Cas’ throat, lightly at first but with increasing pressure. Cas goes still against him, one hand rising to rest in Dean’s hair as he lets out a groan of pleasure.
“Well hello to you too, Castiel,” Ruby said. “I’ll only have to make one stop. How convenient. Be there in five.”
So Cas does. He and Cesar join Dean, Charlie, and Dorothy, then Jesse wanders over to stand with his husband, chiming in to their conversation about the potential existence of unicorns. Charlie is firmly in favour of the possibility, while the others aren’t so convinced. But before the discussion can get really heated, Ellen bangs her hand on the flat wooden top of the bar, silencing the room.
Dean’s tail twitches nervously at the thought. Slowly, he climbs back down the tree trunk until he’s level with Castiel’s shoulder and takes up his usual perch, chittering softly as he does. Castiel shakes his head, but there’s a ghost of a smile on his lips, and that’s good enough for Dean.
He hears Dean hiss in pain and moves forward without thinking. Distracted, Tom growls at him, his eyes turned completely yellow. He swipes at Cas, who stumbles back from the claws that have grown from his fingertips, his ankle twisting below him and bringing him crashing to the ground.
The king inclines his head, but says nothing. His stare is cold, but something burns in the depths of his eyes, something that has Castiel instinctively taking a step back. He skirts the edge of the trapdoor and crosses to stand beside the king, looking out over their surroundings.
His server returns with his cheeseburger and chocolate milkshake, and Cas thanks her earnestly. She looks up at the jingle of the bell above the door, and Cas follows her gaze, only to see a familiar figure walk through the door.
Compared to the cell he had woken in, it was luxurious indeed. The furniture and bedding were of the highest quality, and everything was gleaming and clean as though his presence had been expected. He wondered again exactly how long Sam and Kevin had been preparing for this day, hoping against all reason that the pieces would fall into place: that he and Dean would both be poised to take up their crowns, that they would both survive long enough to do so, that they would agree to exchange their personal freedom for the good of both kingdoms. Truly, he marveled at the audacity of such a design even if he did still resent it slightly.
Cas passes it over, and a few seconds later, Dean returns it with his number programmed in. “There,” he says. “Now you can text me whenever you want.”
Refusing to allow the movement to become a caress, Dean withdrew his hand. “If anything happens to the carriage, I’ll ensure I fall on top of my brother. He’s quite large enough to break my fall,” he quipped.
Their lips meet in a messy, desperate kiss. Cas pulls at Dean’s shirt, tugging it free of his pants, pushes at his shoulders until Dean is flat on his back once more. Looming above him, Cas braces himself on one arm and slips the other down between them. Dean moans and arches up into him as Cas fumbles with his belt and pushes his hand into Dean’s boxers.
“The danger of Sam and Rowena reading every single book in your well-stocked library,” he answers. Sam and Rowena offer weak smiles in response to his poor jest, but Dean just frowns at him, unusually quiet.
“But I meant it when I said I wanted to help you.” Dean leans forward, eyes earnest. “You’re a cool guy, Cas, and whoever you end up with had better treat you better than that Aiden guy.”
There’s a long moment of silence. Glancing over, Dean sees a small frown on Castiel’s face as he works through what Dean has told him. “That’s why you don’t talk about it. You’re afraid that if people knew what Sam had done, they would fear him.”
“I know, sweetheart.” Jimmy looks up, and his eyes meet Cas’ in the rearview mirror, filled with grief but also with something like determination. “So do I.”
Castiel’s hands slid down his back, nails digging in slightly, then ghosted over his backside, teasing. Dean laughed, and Castiel tightened his grip, pulling Dean to him so there was no space left between them.
The church parking lot is already almost full, just like it was for the funeral. As a librarian at the small local branch, Amelia had been well-known and well-loved by a number of people. It doesn’t surprise Cas to see the same holds true at the church. They attract a number of curious glances and sympathetic looks as they enter, and Cas is proud of the way both Jimmy and Claire keep their heads held high with quiet dignity.
Sam was there, of course, along with Kevin Tran, both of whom were currently taking orders from Mrs. Mills, fetching chairs and assisting elderly guests as needed. “You know we have footmen for this sort of thing,” Castiel told her, amused.
“Why don’t you go take a shower?” Castiel offers. “I’m slightly less messy. I’ll put some decaf on.” He hesitates, then, unsure of the protocol following any sexual encounter and especially one involving your best friend doing you a favour. “Are you planning to stay?”
She’s quiet for a moment, before reaching out to nudge him with her elbow. “What if I said I was going to surprise you?”
Dean shook his head, already regretting his outburst. “No,” he said. “I’m sorry, Cas. You know I’m so fucking proud of you, right?”
There was a charged silence, the space of a heartbeat, Milton’s eyes locked on Dean’s with unswerving intensity before he burst out, “Because I care for you!”
Bess reaches out and grips Dean’s hand, her small hand surprisingly strong. “It’s only to be expected. I’m guessing Cas was the person you opened up to more than any other, and without him to talk to, of course you’d need somewhere to let all that out. I’m just sorry we can’t be of more help.”
“I thought it would be best if Mr. Winchester weren’t here when back-up arrives,” Cas explains as Donna finishes her call. “Too many questions.”
“Very well, Your Grace.” The footman wore a look that suggested the servants were becoming accustomed to the Duke’s eccentricities by now. Castiel smiled at the thought as he took his hat and walking stick and stepped out into the sunshine.
Maybe it’s the easy conversation, maybe it’s the way Cas keeps looking at him with those goddamn blue eyes, maybe it’s the unexpected common ground, but Dean finds himself blurting out, “You really want to listen to me whine about my day?”
“You’re a tough act to follow,” Dean mutters as he gets to his feet. He glances down at the row of bowling balls, but doesn’t bother trying to pretend he knows what he’s doing. He just grabs the closest one and steps up to the line.
It was not the way Castiel had imagined being undressed by his husband, but it left his chest feeling wonderfully tight regardless. “There is nothing to forgive,” he said softly.
By the time he circles back to Balthazar’s building, Cas has burned off his irritation at losing his day off. Running always helps to clear his mind and center himself, and with that new clarity, it’s easier to recognize the benefits of going in to work today. He had no real plans, and without Balthazar around to keep him company, he probably would have just spent the entire day watching Netflix on the couch. Not that there’s anything wrong with that, of course, but Cas hasn’t even been able to maintain interest in the most supposedly bingeworthy series lately. At least work will keep him busy, and he can save the overtime pay for a deposit on his new apartment whenever he gets around to finding one.
Until now. Somewhere on these streets, behind these windows, something was brewing. Maybe it was just his imagination, but the people passing by on the sidewalks seemed to be walking faster, unease settling over the city as the sky darkened.
In Hiemere, they used snowdrops rather than roses, but the words were similar. Here, at least, Castiel felt on familiar ground. He took the circlet and placed it gently on Dean’s bowed head. “I do so vow,” he said, ensuring his voice would be heard even by those far at the back of the crowd.
Donna narrows her eyes at him, clearly not fooled by this blatant lie, but then shrugs. “I’ll take all the help we can get.”
“We have a special treat for you tonight,” Jody shouts over the din. “Our friend Emmanuel will tell us a tale, if you’ll be quiet long enough to hear it.”
Grinning triumphantly, Sam throws a friendly arm around Castiel’s shoulder as he leads them towards the stables. “I know you’re in a hurry,” he starts, “so I’ll get the best ones in now, and we can go into more detail later.”
Dean laughs. Taking a deep breath, he sits up straighter, trying to find the best way to explain. “She told me not everything has to be a choice between one thing or another. That life is more complicated than that. And I think that’s exactly what you’re getting at. You don’t have to be a runaway, or the queen just yet. You have time to exist in the in-between. To just be Claire.”
Castiel looks down at the younger boy, his hazel eyes wise beyond his ten years. “Thank you,” he says quietly.
Void suddenly exclaimed from within Castiel’s head. Judging by the way Dean flinched, he heard it as well.
Cas orders another drink. The bartender arches an eyebrow, but obliges. Cas observes her for a few minutes, the way she greets every customer by name, pouring their drinks before they even have to ask. Clearly, she knows her patrons well.
Then again, the twins had youthful enthusiasm on their side, and Anna had long years of experience attending balls just like this.
The smile had slipped from his face under the strain of the duel, and now it was replaced with a grimace. One hand rose to his mouth, covering it, as his back leg continued to move steadily downwards. Castiel wrenched his arm sharply free from behind himself, eyes flaring wide, and Marv’s knee hit the ground.
He told Claire many of those stories. He hopes wherever she is, she’s looking up at these same stars, and that they’re a comfort to her.
“Good morning, Agent!” She holds out her hand and Cas shakes it. “Looks like you had the same idea I did.”
Dean bit his lip. It was the question he had avoided asking himself, from the first moment they considered the source of Castiel’s illness. Layla’s tonic only brought him temporary relief, and Dean hated to see his vitality draining away from him.
They pull into the office lot and begin unloading their gear from the truck. “Hey, by the way,” Dean says as they get the last of it back in its proper place. “Can you, uh, not mention this to anyone? What I told you tonight?”
“Perfectly,” Castiel replied, inwardly sighing with relief. He could not bear the thought of inadvertently causing her pain.
Their faces are so close together, Dean leaning over so he can examine the string of beads in Cas’ hands. He looks up, and in Dean’s eyes he sees the reflection of his own sadness, his own loneliness. Dean swallows, the movement of his throat visible at this distance, and without thinking, Cas reaches out.
The warm water feels wonderful on his aching body. He wonders how long he was out in the snow before Dean found him. Despite the temperature, he shivers. Cas doesn’t pray anymore, but he does take a moment to direct his gratitude out into the universe. He’s having a hard time properly showing it to Dean, so he hopes this makes up for it.
“No,” Castiel says, lying through gritted teeth. Heights should not bother him. He is an angel, made to soar through the skies. “It only startled me.”
“Thank you for not choosing me,” Castiel says drily, and despite his frustration, Dean chokes back a laugh.
“Fine.” The tension drains from Castiel’s body as he sighs. “Clearly, you know something that I don’t.” Adjusting the strap on his satchel, he takes a decisive step towards Dean, then another. “Lead the way, Winchester.”
When she replies back and asks if he’d like to meet up, Dean glances down at the time on his phone and pauses for a minute before saying he’s available now. It’s only eight o’clock, and he can be ready to be out in the door within half an hour. It sounds like Katie could really use a distraction, and Dean--
His phone rings and he flinches, hot coffee sloshing over the side of the cup and onto his hand. Hissing at the sudden pain, Cas scrambles for the phone and holds it up to his ear, voice terse. “Novak.”
His kindness was as unexpected as all the other events of the day. Perhaps even more so. It helped more than he could express to know that he was not the only one reeling from such rapid and momentous changes in his life. Castiel managed a small smile and a rueful shrug. “I’m feeling rather light-headed,” he admitted.
By the time Dean left the bakery on Thursday afternoon, he was exhausted. He would never admit it, and especially not to Castiel, but this schedule was starting to take a toll on him. Normally, he had things arranged so he got enough sleep, but the extra late nights were beginning to show in the dark circles under his eyes and the sluggishness of his movements.
“It is,” Castiel agrees. He leads Dean further into the trees, to the small stream that splashes down a gentle hill and forms a perfectly round pool amidst the grass. He dismounts, running an affectionate hand down Spots’ neck, and looks up at Dean, shaking his head.
Scowling to himself, he locks the door behind him and waits another few minutes, listening for the sound of an approaching engine, before heading back towards the house. The lock gives easily under Cas’ practiced hand, and he tenses as he pushes the door open, hoping Dean is indeed gone and not waiting on the other side of the door to attack Cas with either words or fists.
They’ve seen each other shirtless before. Countless barbecues or games of soccer on the college fields, summers spent hanging out by the community pool. But Dean has never looked at him like this, with admiration and appreciation in his eyes. Has never reached out, tentative, and stroked the backs of his fingers down Castiel’s ribs, tracing the lines of his hipbones back and forth.
“You are,” Dean insisted. He raised their joined hands to his lips and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s knuckles. “You are so much more, and I am honoured to know it.”
“Of course.” Castiel blows out a deep breath and runs a hand over his face. “We could get as far as the edge of the forest, in groups if necessary, and send off our signal flare. One of the riding scout parties might see it, but they wouldn’t have extra horses, and we can’t send Jack and Claire back on their own even if we do commandeer their horses.”
“Perfect.” Dean leaned up and kissed him again, softer this time, then pulled away reluctantly. “I really have to go.”
“We should continue forward.” There was no expression on Billie’s face, but neither was there any hesitation in her voice. “If we are to find any answers, it will be in the shadow of that mountain.”
First, though, he had a call to make, and a few mischievous ideas about what to say. Hanging up with a satisfied smile on his face, Castiel lit the candles and settled back in his favourite chair with his book. Even if he didn’t hear back from Naomi tonight, he would still call the evening a success, and in these uncertain times, he would gladly take every one of those that he could.
They meet in the corridor outside their chambers in four and a half. Claire is dressed far more casually than she normally would be, but Dean refrains from commenting. She’ll be polished and poised enough this evening.
While they continued to discuss similarities and differences between Rexford and Lawrence Hall the rest of the way along the wilderness walk, the mood had shifted, and Castiel mourned the easy closeness they’d shared when they set out. They were once again retreating behind shields of politeness, the recourse of every gently-born person, and Castiel had never resented his upbringing more.
She looked up, startled, and shook her head. “Goodness. No. No, my lord, I am unharmed. And if I am perhaps a trifle overwrought”-- she shook her head grimly-- “I think it is my own fault.”
It takes a moment for her words to sink in, and when they do, Castiel bites down hard on his lower lip. Of course. Anna marrying Dean and becoming queen in Carlisse would have no impact on the succession in Lorivale, but if he and Dean were to marry--
Castiel is quiet the next morning. He eats breakfast efficiently and packs up his things with no wasted movements. A few days ago, Dean might have interpreted this mood as surliness, but knowing what he knows now, he can see the exhaustion, both emotional and physical, in every line of Castiel’s body.
“I’m sorry,” he breathed. “Castiel, I’m--” He started to turn away, his throat tightening, but Castiel stopped him.
“Magic?” He laughs, but rings false even to his own ears. “No. I don’t believe in magic. Just skill and practice and a sword in my hand.”
Castiel let out a pained gasp that had Dean immediately crossing the room to lay a hand on his arm. “Hey,” he said, leaning in close. “Hey. Talk to me.”
He pushes the door open slowly, half-expecting a shriek of outrage from Claire. Instead, he’s greeted with silence. Her chambers are empty other than the contents of her wardrobe scattered over every surface and the flower petals littering the floor.
“It does,” Cas agrees. “I’m going to get to the bottom of this, Mr. Winchester, with or without your cooperation. If you have anything to say to me, anything that can help your case or give me somewhere to look that isn’t you and your family, this would be a good time to tell me.”
Dean makes a dismissive gesture and picks his phone up off the side table. “I’m going to put it in my calendar right now. There.” He turns the screen to show Cas where he’s inputted the information. “September 18th. Make Cas’ birthday awesome.”
By unspoken agreement, they drift towards the rumpled bed. Dean sits down first, then swings his legs onto the mattress, propping himself up on one elbow and looking steadily at Castiel. There is a weight to his gaze, but it is of solemnity rather than anticipation or expectation. Castiel allows his robe to fall to the floor, leaving him in just loose trousers, and slips into the bed beside him.
“I would agree with you, but I happen to know it’s the truth.” Cas taps the file he has spread open across the surface of the bar. “I’m investigating the string of deaths here two years ago in connection with the more recent events in Sydnam.”
“Because Marv ordered you to kill me?” Castiel asked, feigning a casual tone. As though discussing his own murder was nothing to him.
“Is this what you need?” Cas’ jaw is set in a tight line, as if he’s desperately trying to cling to some sort of control. “Tell me what you need, Dean.”
Cas’ shoulders shake with laughter as Dean and Balthazar shake hands and immediately launch into a discussion about how best to leverage his presence on various dating apps. Honestly, it’s the perfect outcome. Balthazar is never in town long enough for any sort of commitment, but he’ll enjoy the excuse to socialize and put his not-inconsiderable charms to use.
Eventually, the bandits drift off to sleep. Sam and Castiel’s hands and feet are bound, firmly though not unkindly, and they are given blankets to keep off the chill of the night. The camp is soon filled with the snores of drunken men, keeping Castiel awake.
“I never said that.” Castiel shifts under him, and Dean immediately tenses, face tightening Castiel frowns, then moves again. This time, he feels the press of Dean’s erection against his thigh.
On another day, after carefully checking that the courtyard is unoccupied, Castle leaves the main part of the castle and crosses to the outbuildings within the walls. The long, low building in the eastern corner must have once been the guards’ barracks, but now stands empty and crumbling, home only to a few mice that scurry away at Castiel’s approach.
“Yes, my lord.” Only Bobby could manage to make the courtesy sound like an insult. “All is ready for Mrs. Mills.”
The honesty in that statement leaves a warm feeling in Dean’s chest, and he smiles as he navigates the last few turns into the aquarium’s parking lot. It’s almost entirely full, and he glances over at Cas in confusion as an attendant directs them towards the back of the lot. “Okay, spill. What’s going on?”
“Even Father seemed amused by it at first, when it was just tricks.” Dean’s voice darkens. “Until Sam became more and more powerful over the next few years, creating gardens out of thin air and enchanting the soup pots never to run empty. This coincided with Father’s withdrawal from the running of the kingdom, and with the beginning of the exodus of the castle’s inhabitants.”
The voice is deep, rough with disuse and thick with emotion. Sam lets loose a wordless cry and springs forward as the figure hurries down the stairs and into his arms.
“Don’t talk about yourself that way,” his mother says sharply. “You certainly are not.” One corner of her mouth lifts in a small smile. “You just need someone to shake you out of your own head once in a while.”
Castiel looks at Dean, then down at their joined hands. “We are,” they say again, and the priestess smiles.
That gave Castiel pause. For Dean to suggest that he was so caught up in the moments shared between them, the sensations of it all, that he forgot Castiel’s nature-- remarkable indeed. A warm feeling settled in his chest, and Castiel kissed him again, on the lips this time. “Sleep well, Dean,” he said softly. “I’ll see you soon, I’m sure.”
He expects Castiel to fight him on it, but he doesn’t. He just murmurs something that sounds like agreement and disappears into the dense trees for a few minutes before coming back to stretch out on the ground, his long body curled in on itself in a way that makes him look surprisingly young and small.
The garden is lit by a few flickering torches, barely enough to see by, but Castiel knows its familiar paths by heart. He finds Dean exactly where he expects him to be, but what he does not expect is the figure standing next to him, arms crossed over his chest.
“Yes.” Theo frowns at him, a new wariness in his eyes. “We trust people around here, but it’s still smart to take precautions.”
Castiel huffs a soft laugh. There’s so much gratitude bubbling up in his chest, so much awareness of how blessed he is in his friends. It’s an enormous gift Dean and Benny are offering him, and he’s humbled by it.
He has a point. “Fine,” Dean grumbles, wriggling slightly in his hold. “But we are going to talk about it.”
It isn’t the warmest of invitations, but it’s a start. Cas follows Dean into the house and takes a seat on the couch while Dean drops into the lone armchair, one hand propped under his chin. “So. What are you doing here, Agent Draper?”
Aliette’s parents are buried in the yard of the largest church in Orléans. She sits quietly in the carriage as they make the short drive through the town, her usually animated face grave and still. In these more serious moments, Dean sees a resemblance to Castiel that does not normally make itself apparent.
Rowena closed her eyes, tilting her face upwards. “There is great power here,” she said. “And great anger.” She looked up at Dean and Castiel, shaking her head. “Can you feel it?”
“Yes, my lord.” Bobbing a curtsey, she closed the door quietly behind herself, leaving Sam and Dean to stare blankly at one another.
“It’s a surprise.” Dean grins and retrieves his box, pulling out battered novels and passing them over to Charlie, who holds a price gun at the ready. “We’re just going to finish up with these, and then once we’re closed, we can head out.”
Dean gasped as she laid a softly glowing hand on his side and the pain surged again, sharper than before. It receded just as quickly, leaving him breathless. Across the room, Castiel tensed and looked over at him, concerned.
Dean grins. “Me, along with half the guards and courtiers and the masons and blacksmiths and bakers of Anatiac, all armed with our best axes, following our princess into the forest and ready to battle a tree?”
“There are others.” Castiel could practically hear the dismissive shrug, though Plenty had no body to perform the movement. “They matter little. And once they are gone, their kingdoms will return to war with one another, this notion of peace a forgotten dream.”
He tears his gaze away, trying to focus on the story Lisa is telling about a friend’s adventures in online dating, but he keeps sneaking glances back over his shoulder to where Cas is sitting. He isn’t looking at Dean anymore, all his attention focused on the brunette, and Dean feels his heart sink lower and lower in his chest.
Ruby nodded, slipping inside without a sound. Dean threw one last look at the open concrete lot around the building, then entered the dark warehouse. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust, but slowly, he began to make out mattresses scattered on the floor, a bare table, and towering shelving units as far as he could see.
He trotted quickly down the steps, ignoring Castiel calling after him. The sun shone down fiercely, and Dean wiped sweat from his brow as he waved to the attendants, who snapped to attention at his presence. “Might you have a spare sword for your king?” he called out.
Dean finds himself smiling back, the same feeling of peace and contentment he felt at the beach the day before washing back over him. He starts to say something else, but Sam appears in the doorway, and Dean abandons his words in favour of pulling his brother into a rough hug.
“Must be,” Dean agrees. He turns back to his computer, but every few minutes, Cas feels his gaze flicker over to the couch.
He did not want Castiel to leave. It was as simple, and as selfish, as that. But how could he say so, when Castiel’s health was in jeopardy? How could Dean’s own feelings matter in comparison with that?
“There should be fresh shirts in there,” she says, nodding towards a large wooden chest at the foot of the bed.
“No,” Winchester agreed. “But you are a duke, after all. I’m a mere viscount, and about to turn twenty-nine, and the rumblings have already begun.”
“Nowhere, really.” Elizabeth shrugs. “It winds around eventually and comes out on the other side of town, but there’s nothing down there. Well, except for the Winchester place, I guess.”
“Tell me more about your bowling history,” he says, only slightly teasing. “Were you in a kids’ league? Do you have trophies hiding in the back of your closet somewhere?”
“Nor can I,” Castiel says. He turns to face her, noting the slight flush that has stained her fair cheeks. “And with my newfound wisdom, I believe I see a change in you, as well.”
Many of those same ladies, as well as no small number of gentlemen, glance appreciatively at Dean and Castiel as they are introduced as well. After the third such frank glance, Dean slides his hand into Castiel’s as they walk, watching as the admiration in the strangers’ eyes turns to wistfulness instead. Castiel casts a fond look at him over his shoulder and leans close to murmur, “Making a point without words, are we?”
Dean frowns. He opens his mouth, then shuts it again. It isn’t his place to offer an opinion on the queen’s strategy.
Dean waits just behind Castiel, weapon at the ready, but nothing comes rushing out with fangs or claws bared. After an excruciating pause, Castiel lowers his head and ducks into the cave.
“It may not be the match they expected,” he says, beaming up at Dean. “But the outcome will be the same, and it will be our choice. One of the few we have in this life.”
There’s very little time to talk the next morning. Dean wakes to the sound of a polite knock on the chamber doors, and after that it’s a flurry of attendants bringing them breakfast and fine outfits to wear for the naming ceremony. He and Castiel manage to be polite to one another without really saying anything at all, too many witnesses to continue the conversation from the night before.
Fondness and annoyance warred in Dean’s tone. “Fine,” he said. “But I will not take all of you. Someone needs to stay here to help Sam and Kevin should anything happen in my absence.”
“A bit.” Cas takes another sip of his beer, fingers tapping restlessly against the side of the glass. “For a little while, anyway. Then I’d be at work, staying late because one of the interns made a mess of one of the tanks, and I’d pull out my phone to text Inias and have a message half-composed before I’d remember.”
“Being an older brother myself, I can sympathize.” A pensive look stole over Milton’s face. “I would have liked a younger brother, I think. Not that I don’t love my sisters, of course, but--”
After they finish eating, it is time for Aliette to retire. She only pouts for a moment before a massive yawn disrupts the expression. “I am rather tired,” she admits in response to Dean and Castiel’s raised eyebrows. Then she turns to Balthazar, her eyes wide and pleading. “Will you tell me a story before I go to sleep, Monsieur Dupont?”
Swearing under his breath, he returns to the courtyard and paces back and forth as he waits for Castiel. He doesn’t want to raise the general alarm, not yet. This could all still be a misunderstanding, Claire and Jack could still stroll out of hiding at any minute--
As though reading his thoughts, Dean’s eyes flew open and locked on Castiel’s, and he was lost to the crashing wave of his pleasure.
His eyes widen as he catches sight of Claire and Kaia, and Dean raises a weary hand. “Yes, that’s the princess. No, don’t bow, you’ll just embarrass yourself.”
Automatically reaching for a pen, he draws back with a flinch at the sight of the mug he keeps them in. It was a gift from Cas on their six-month anniversary, a large, sturdy white mug with the word ‘Pie-Sexual’ spelled out in bold black letters. Dean loved it so much, he got another one to use at home and brought this one to the office. Cas had been delighted that his gift was so well-received, and even now, Dean remembers the satisfied smile he wore every time he saw Dean using the mug.
“Yes.” There was not a trace of shame in Dean’s voice as he replied. “And proud of it. Your envy is showing, Charlie.”
Castiel is quiet for a long moment. “We were running out of ideas ourselves. It would have taken too long to send back to Dysland for help. Everyone was soaked and irritable and ready to snap at each other at the slightest provocation. That morning, the sun finally started to peek through the clouds, and I thought if nothing else, that would boost morale.” He looks back over his shoulder again, features blurred by the rain. “I wasn’t expecting you.”
“Something like that.” Rowena taps one long finger against the book in front of her. “It has no will of its own. It is a product of the one who summons it, and so it is shaped by their will, by their emotions.”
When he finally pulled away, Dean was gasping for breath. “Don’t stop,” he begged. “Cas, don’t stop.”
After another tense silence, Castiel says, “Thank you.” It’s unclear if he’s thanking Dean for his offer or for not pressing the subject in the first place, or possibly both.
“So that’s it, then?” Dean interrupted. “You get two days to learn some Jedi Master tricks and then just walk cheerfully to your possible death?”
“I am,” he tells her. It’s true of his persona as an FBI agent, but more so of him as a hunter. “And even I’m at a loss.”
Both Tran and Campbell gaped at her, while Mrs. Hanscum and Mrs. Tran shared a delighted look and raised their glasses in a toast. Balthazar smirked, Benny’s eyes twinkled, and Winchester-- Winchester’s smile lit up the entire room.
For most others in this position, the answer would be no. But Dean had grown up in a household that revolved around love, pure and simple, and seen the way his parents cherished every moment they spent together. He simply could not bring himself to settle for anything less.
“Bad dreams,” he replies shortly. Rowena’s gaze sharpens, examining him closely. He lowers his voice. “Every day we waste here, the more the danger grows.”
“Of course,” Jimmy says. He turns to look at Claire, raising one eyebrow at her. “Is Kaia coming over, or should we drop her off first?”
“It was a few days after I came to stay at the palace. We were all in the garden. Claire had climbed up the willow tree and Jack and I were sitting underneath. We weren’t really talking, just quietly enjoying the day, and that’s when Claire said it.”
Dean shakes his head, then sucks in a startled breath as Castiel reaches out and lays a hand on his arm. “I thought of how brave you were, coming here after all this time, and it gave me the strength I needed to confront her.”
Mr. Lafitte bowed slightly, but when he straightened up, he winked, turning him from quietly stern to roguish in an instant. “Your Grace.”
Though his ears were still ringing, they soon caught a new sound: the crunch of stone beneath feet. Dean tensed, hand drifting to the hilt of his sword, and turned back to face the archway. The footsteps drew nearer, then paused before resuming again.
Milton kissed him again, deep and thorough. “You make a fair point,” he said when he finally pulled away.
He almost gives her his real name in reply, catching himself only at the last second. “Aidan, then.”
It was true, of course, but Dean narrowed his eyes at Kevin regardless. “And how exactly did you acquire this intelligence?”
Cas opened his mouth, then shook his head, a strange expression passing over his face. “Do you want to know a secret?”
The ice is slippery despite the layer of snow atop it. Cas skids across it, and with a sickening noise, his ankle gives way. He lands heavily, hands breaking some of the impact, but another crunch has him wincing in dismay. His ankle is throbbing with pain, and when he tries to stand, he wobbles and falls over again.
The picture of Marv. Naomi was nothing if not efficient. “Yes. I just had an, ah, illuminating conversation with her.”
He could feel Dean’s erection pressing against his side, insistent. Fast and rough right here would suit Castiel just fine, at least for the first time. He let his hands trail down Dean’s chest, knowing he would feel their coolness even through his shirt, and was just toying with the waistband of his jeans when the phone rang.
Castiel frowned. “Am I considered such a bore that no one would ever dream I act with some spontaneity?”
Dean loses himself in this, in the weight of Cas’ cock on his tongue, the smell and feel of him, solidly-muscled thighs flexing under his hands. Cas thrusts his hips forward, just an inch, and Dean lets loose a groan. He loves it when Cas loses control, when he gives in to his desire, and Dean shamelessly encourages him, pulling out all his best tricks as he continues to work at Cas with his mouth.
“Yeah.” After the first flurry of confusion had passed, they’d gotten themselves organized and efficiently hacked the fallen tree into small enough pieces to shift it out of the road. The Anatiacians had brought provisions with them, and by the time they finished chopping, the sun was blazing, so they all ate together right there in the road, Jack and Claire and Billie and Rowena and all the others.
It’s just logical for him and Castiel to stand on opposite sides of the room. And if Dean’s eyes stray frequently in Castiel’s direction, well, it’s only because he’s continually scanning the room for potential threats.
Chilled, Castiel read the letter again. There was no comfort to be drawn from the knowledge that Dean and his people were also suffering. It only spoke to Void’s growing power and influence, and to the approach of something they could not prevent, the final confrontation he and Dean had inadvertently set into motion.
This desire, and the expression of it, are neither exclusively nor universally human, Castiel knows. But he would never have imagined it could be like this, back before he lived as a human. Back before he knew what it was to feel so strongly, to have his emotions grounded in the very physical body he has learned to enjoy inhabiting.
“Maybe,” Cas responds. Grieving takes many forms. Sometimes, you need to be alone. Others, you need someone with you, someone who understands. His heart aches for everyone left behind. Bringing the killer to justice won’t bring Ryan back, but he hopes it will bring them some measure of comfort. “Take care of yourself, Theo.”
A murmur runs through the crowd. They would likely have guessed that the planned engagement was in jeopardy when Claire returned with Kaia on her arm, but this is the first formal acknowledgment of it.
He consciously turns left after exiting, not right. Remembers to swipe the fob over the electronic reader rather than fumbling for a key to insert into the lock. All the little differences, so trivial on their own, that add up to remind him how much his life has changed in the past six weeks.
Dean gives him a strange look, but does not press the matter. He leads Castiel up one more flight of stairs, then opens a wooden door on the landing and ushers him inside.
He doesn’t even bother checking the calendar on his phone. He knows, without a doubt, that he isn’t sick, not with the flu or anything more serious.
Crossing the room, Charlie perches on the edge of the counter, narrowing her eyes at him. “But why do you know that? Have you been visiting the deeper reaches of the internet lately?”
“She doesn’t scare me nearly as much as she used to,” Dean says as he emerges, brushing dirt off his shirt as he does. “But that is still an effective motivator.”
Drawing in a deep breath, Castiel tossed the letter into the fire, watching as the flames devoured it with their pure, mindless hunger. There was little point drafting a reply detailing his experience at the spring. Dean was due to arrive in Hiemere in only two days, and as he had written, they could discuss matters then.
Charlie lets out a pleased gasp, Benny raises one eyebrow, and Cas just shakes his head, eyes soft and fond. “That was a terrible line,” he informs Dean, but he doesn’t pull his hand out of Dean’s grasp.
“Really,” Dean assures him. He squeezes Cas’ hand and presses himself even closer. “Though I’ll want you all to myself when the dancing starts.”
They find Tom’s truck parked halfway between the main road and the clearing where Dean’s house stands. Cas pulls up behind it, heart pounding. He and Dean circle around, but it’s clear Tom is already gone.
Winchester let out a sharp hiss, but when Castiel turned to look at him, surprised, Winchester just shrugged. “I can carry a tune,” he admitted.
He finds Sam and Rowena in the library, as usual. He slams the door shut behind himself and they look up with matching expressions of outrage on their faces that would be amusing under other circumstances.
He glanced towards the two members of the delegation he had not yet met. “Introductions are in order, I believe.”
There are a few messages from Sam and Jess, one from Benny, and a handful of social media tags from other acquaintances, but nothing dire. Dean is in the middle of replying to Sam when Cas makes a strange choking sound.
The queen turns to look at her, and Dean bites back a smile at the faint flush that rises in Claire’s cheeks. “Indeed,” the queen remarks. Smoothing Claire’s hair back from her forehead, she gestures to their waiting horses. “Let us ride home together, and then we’ll talk.”
Cas turns back to her, taking in the way she’s holding her arms tightly around herself, the pallor of her skin. “I’m sure I won’t,” he says as soothingly as he can. “Have a good night.” He climbs into his truck and pulls away, Elizabeth still watching him from the porch as he goes.
At least it draws Castiel’s attention. “East?” he asks, his frown deepening. “Why would we--” Sighing, he scrubs a hand over his face, then looks down at Dean with narrowed eyes. “You recognized that there was a spell on those stones. There’s something you didn’t tell me, and now you can’t. And you want me to trust you, when you can’t even make up a convincing lie to explain why we should turn from our path?”
“It’s the truth, isn’t it?” Dean leans against the table and lets out a bitter laugh. He doesn’t know where all this is coming from, except that he’s been thinking about it ever since Castiel asked him about his family. Thinking about how badly he’s treated them. “I left you and Sam behind to give my oath and my life to the princess. She needed protecting, sure, but it didn’t have to be me just because my father watched over hers.” He lowers his voice, hoping Claire can’t hear from the other room. “I had a duty to you, and to Sam. But I thought without magic, I couldn’t offer you anything, and--”
Crossing the room, he extended a gallant hand to Mrs. Hanscum and pulled her to her feet, then leaned in to whisper something in her ear. A broad smile stretched across her face as he led her to stand at the pianoforte before bending to say something to Miss Turner. She let out a sharp laugh and nodded enthusiastically.
Dean rolled his head to the side and smiled ruefully at him. In retrospect, it was a terrible, reckless thing he had done. But it had worked. “I didn’t. I only knew I could not let you go without a fight.”
Cas laughs, tipping his head back against the seat and exposing even more of the long line of his throat. Dean wants to kiss him. Badly. But there will be time for that later, or so he hopes.
They drove back into town in silence. Ruby pulled up outside Dean’s building and cut the engine, turning to look at him. “I’m sorry,” she said abruptly. “This must suck for you.”
“That is not an answer.” Castiel looks at him again, considering. “I doubt the sight of me suddenly inspired courage in you that was not there before. There is something else.”
“Right.” Samuel shakes his hair back from his face, eyes determined. “Let me--” He folds his hands together and whispers a few words, voice rising slightly as he continues. Castiel casts a nervous glance towards the fire, desperately hoping they will not be overheard.
“So were you,” his mother says, coming to stand beside him and resting a hand on his arm. “But you grew in time, and so will she.”
It would have been the perfect moment for Dean to step forward and take his hand. But they could not. So instead, Dean and Castiel turned to face one another and bowed deeply, the most respectful courtesy one could make. When they rose again, Dean looked into Castiel’s eyes and saw the same hesitation, the same apprehension, and the same thrilling excitement that he felt reflected in those blue depths.
Dean looks up and gives him a lopsided smile. There’s fondness in his eyes, which makes Cas’ heart give a painful lurch in his chest. “We might,” Dean answers.
“If you take it as instructed, and do not exert yourself, you may be able to resume public appearances and duties in small doses,” she continued. “But I do not think it will cure you.”
Castiel turns sharply, just in time to watch as Dean throws himself into a familiar figure’s arms with a glad cry. Bobby’s grizzled face is soft with wonder as he holds Dean tightly to his chest, and Castiel thinks he even sees the glimmer of tears in his eyes. “Dean?” he asks, voice thick with emotion. “Dean, lad, what are you--”
Throat tight, Dean carefully takes it and tucks it into the pocket of his shirt. “Thanks,” he says. “I know it’s just a dumb flower, but--”
Dean isn’t quite sure how to reply to that. The implications are far-reaching, and he’s still adjusting to being human again. They have a number of other things they need to figure out before he can deal with that.
“It’s not meant to,” Sam said, every line of his body radiating tension. “But Castiel, you were taken prisoner. During a battle that we won. As much as we wish to be in the future, we are not on equal standing yet.”
He pulled his phone out of his pocket, opened the photo from Sam, and passed it to Castiel. “Recognize this guy?”
It has to be a trap. Some sort of trick. No way a guy this good-looking and apparently good-hearted just paid for Dean’s coffee. Not today.
Dean winces in sympathy, remembering a few conversations with some of his friends over the years. “Yeah.”
Dean bounded forward and wrapped her in his arms, inhaling the familiar scents of bread, woodsmoke, and fresh hay that always clung to her. The smell of comfort, and of home. “Thank you for coming,” he murmured against her shoulder. “I know you don’t particularly enjoy London.”
He does not enjoy the fear that spreads through his body. It is a natural reaction, he knows, but one he is unaccustomed to. The hoofbeats grow louder, and through a gap in the branches, Castiel soon sees the approaching riders.
Lizzie’s Diner is part of the string of shops and restaurants that make up the centre of town. Cas finds it with ease after leaving the sheriff’s station, copies of all the relevant files in hand. Pausing outside the door, he pretends to read the menu posted in the window while his eyes scan the interior. It’s about three-quarters full, people bustling around from the kitchen to the booths, everyone with smiles on their faces. It’s the very picture of wholesome small-town hospitality, and Cas is sick at the thought of having to disturb it.
He ushered the three girls towards the stairs, placing himself at their backs as they crept out. Risking one glance to see if Krissy had made it down, he felt a solid weight connect with his back and let out a surprised grunt as he crashed to his knees, hands scraping against the wooden floor.
Milton smiled, but Dean saw a shrewd look on Sam’s face that promised an interrogation later. Hopefully, Rexford would have plenty of rooms for Dean to hide from his brother in.
Of course, it’s safely stowed away as he makes the short drive to Cas’ building. Dean pulls up outside, expecting to go in and meet him, but the door opens as he puts the car in park. Squinting, he can just make out Cas’ shadowy figure, but there’s someone else with him.
“There was no need to be so unyielding, so severe,” Naomi continues, twisting her hands together in an uncharacteristically nervous gesture. “I have regretted it ever since, Castiel, but I did not wish to intrude if you no longer wanted to hear from me. I just wanted you to know that.”
Cas pulls himself back up and raises his chin in the air. “I’m sure I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Dean collapses onto the bed with a sigh, burying his face in the pillows. “I’m exhausted,” he mumbles.
Castiel snorts under his breath. “I do believe we’ve just been granted royal permission to carry on.”
“As if the two of you don’t do that every day,” Jody replied, pressing a hand to her chest to catch her breath as Sam set her back on her feet.
Castiel laughs, as he is clearly expected to do, but there is no humour in it. He is not human, and if Dean knew that, knew why he wanted this tour of the castle’s hidden places, he would likely be far less warm towards him.
Dean frowns as he watches Claire and Jack talk. The entire point of these summer visits has been to encourage a match between them, and with both of them reaching the age of majority this year, the level of scrutiny has only increased. He knows Claire enjoys spending time with Jack, but is it real romance, or just a long-standing friendship?
His voice shakes as he speaks, and Cas instinctively slides across the pew, catching himself at the last moment and leaving the safety of the aisle between them. “What happened to her?” he asks. Donna hadn’t been able to tell him anything definite.
“Oh!” She whirls around to face him, but fortunately, her expression is amused rather than frightened. “You’re very quiet, sir.”
Dean and Castiel exchange silent looks, and Dean shrugs. “We don’t care about the crowns,” he says. “We never have.”
Silverton seemed to be implying that Milton felt the same, but Dean kept revisiting the memory of that overheard conversation in his mind. Milton’s finer feelings might not matter in the end if he truly thought he and Dean were ill-suited. And Dean had too much pride to beg him to take a chance on them, even when it was what he wanted so desperately.
Dean drew to a halt, looking down at the wooden sleds propped against the side of the door. “What--”
Castiel shrugs, dispirited. “I already tried,” he confesses. “Last night. I waited until I heard him descend, then climbed up myself. But he came back.”
“So, here’s the thing,” Dean says, sitting up straight on the couch. “Originally, I had this whole epic party planned. Board games, snacks, midnight pizza if we needed it. Charlie threatened to bring her karaoke machine at one point. But most of those things are out the window now. It’s just you and me. And what’s left of that pie.”
Sam slows his steps and looks at her for a long moment. She stands straight and proud, meeting his gaze, and eventually, he sinks into a low bow. “My lady,” he murmurs as he straightens. “Forgive me.”
Dean was already speaking before he was aware he’d made a decision. “I’ll take her to Castiel,” he said. “A newly turned vampire probably isn’t someone any of us are equipped to handle.” He glanced at Claire, noting the flicker of interest in her eyes. “I know you probably don’t trust vampires very much right now either, but he’s a good guy, I promise. He’ll look out for you.”
Lightning flashes through the windows as they wind their way up the stairs. The rain splatters against the glass, and thunder rolls menacingly in the distance. Castiel’s heart pounds in his chest, adrenaline coursing through his body. However this is to end, it will end tonight.
The ballroom was too stuffy, too crowded. Slipping through the French doors, he found himself on the terrace, pushing aside the recollection of other moments just like this, ones in which Milton occupied the space beside him and not just the space in his mind. Fortunately, all the other guests were indoors, enjoying a waltz, and Dean was able to take a deep breath as he settled onto a stone bench and groaned aloud.
“Well, this is a real pleasure.” She extends a hand towards him, and Cas takes it, surprised at the strength of her grip. “Sheriff Donna Hanscum, pleasure to meet you.”
“No,” Mary said firmly. “Dean, honey, let me tell you something I’ve learned. Love isn’t always going to feel the same way. Sometimes it’s that lightning bolt, sometimes it’s like climbing up a long, gentle hill. Your father--” She broke off, looking away. “I fell in love with him so quickly. But he wasn’t the first person I ever loved, and it was completely different. Neither of those worked out, obviously.” She looked back at Dean and smiled. “But that doesn’t mean either of them was any less true for it.”
“It is,” Cas agrees. He’s taken all of it for granted, but no more. It’s time he learned to appreciate the good things he has in his life.
Anna sat up, eyes blazing, and Castiel held up his hand to cut her off. “And not long afterwards, I inherited.” Her expression calmed, and she shrugged as though accepting the truth of his statements. “We grew up, I suppose you could say.”
It’s a long while before they disentangle themselves. “Stay,” Dean says, and Cas nods. By mutual, unspoken agreement, they keep to seperate beds. But just knowing that Dean is there, just across the hall, brings Cas a feeling of security he hasn’t experienced in years, and as soon as his head hits the pillow, he falls into a dreamless sleep.
“Not yet,” Samuel mutters fiercely. Castiel turns his head, ready to make a more firm demand, as Samuel claps his hands together, and with a sharp crack, the lock falls to the ground, smoking heavily.
“Three times, probably.” Dean isn’t ashamed of his obsession. A long time ago, when he was younger and less secure in himself, maybe. But there are far worse things to be than a fan of some ridiculous, harmless medical drama.
“Not the same.” Dean shook his head. “Same recipe, I know, but it’s always better when someone else makes it for you.”
“You’re welcome.” With a brief nod of his head, the man steps up to the counter and places his own order.
Castiel can hear the smile in his voice as he continues. “He was only fourteen years old, gangly and awkward. I was out in the yard, practicing my swordplay with our old retainer, when Sam came bursting through the door, eyes wild. ‘Look,’ he cried. ‘Look at what I can do.’ He snapped his fingers, and a jet of flame appeared. I was so surprised, I dropped my guard, and got a sword across the back of the knee for my carelessness. I still have the scar.”
Dean had never met the King of Hell, but he’d heard stories. Crowley was a shrewd negotiator who had managed to reach an agreement with the human governments when the demons and other supernatural creatures had revealed themselves. All demon deals had to be properly explained, no tricks, and the standard ten years could be adjusted according to the value of the demon’s assistance, as could the length of time spent in Hell. Dean had never really understood why people still made deals, knowing what they did, but apparently some people were reckless enough to keep the demons occupied.
Balthazar makes an impatient noise and returns the embrace. “You are most welcome. Now go to bed, young man. You have to work in the morning.”
“You’re braced for another betrayal.” Dean nodded sympathetically and clasped him by the elbow once more. “Well, like you said, let’s get this over with.”
“Yeah, of course. Agent Draper was just leaving, and I’ll be out soon too. Take as long as you need.”
By the time the van is loaded up and ready to head to the event site, Dean just wants to go home. But it’s a point of professional pride, so he climbs wearily into the front of the van, tugging at the bowtie around his neck. Max slumps in the passenger seat beside him, taking advantage of the ten-minute drive across town to have a short nap. Dean really wishes he could do the same.
He’s mentally chastising himself for being such a horndog when it hits him: despite the separate arrivals, despite smoothly splitting the cost of the lane and shoe rentals between them, he’s been treating this as a regular second date, not a repeat of his patented Dean Winchester Experience. On a normal date, Dean would be right to downplay his arousal, to not overwhelm Cas with it or put too much pressure on him.
In response, Castiel just nods. He closes his eyes as Dean scatters kisses across the expanse of his shoulders and chest, then moves slightly lower. It’s almost ticklish, the slight rasp of his stubble against such sensitive skin, and Castiel tips his head back against the pillow and laughs.
“Thank you,” he says. He inclines his head gravely. “For setting me free.” He hesitates, having learned a lesson about human nature over the past few days, then offers, “If there is something I might do for you in return, you may ask it of me now.”
So it wasn’t Naomi herself who felt threatened, but she had left for Hannah’s sake. Castiel shook his head, baffled as ever by the way Naomi could take such care of her companions and yet stifle them at the same time. “Thank you,” he said eventually. “We’ve identified Marv’s primary associate, Gadreel, but we didn’t know who he was working for. Do you have a photograph of Marv?”
Of course, this meant that as Castiel bowed over Anna’s hand at the end of the set, a small crowd of hopefuls had gathered at the edge of the room. Of course, none of them were quite bold enough to solicit a dance-- no, they only presented themselves and hoped he would grant them the dubious honour of his company.
Knocking firmly on the door, Cas adjusts his tie, which has an irritating habit of becoming crooked. He hears footsteps approaching and quickly pastes on his professional expression as a young woman opens the door, eyes curious but not afraid.
Castiel takes a deep breath. “Do you remember what I told you about my first visit to Anatiac? How excited I was, and how quickly I became disillusioned?”
Half an hour later, showered, shaved, and changed into his FBI suit, he gets back in his truck and follows Roger’s directions to the sheriff’s station. It’s a small building with incongruously cheerful flower beds on the lawn outside, a few cruisers parked in the small lot around the back. Cas makes sure he has the correct badge tucked into his pocket and takes a deep breath, smoothing a hand over his hair and checking his reflection in the mirror before heading inside.
A rare smile broke over Billie’s face. “And I you.” She directed her horse towards Rowena’s and they fell into a quiet conversation as the rest of the group exchanged polite greetings.
“Yep,” Donna answers. “Not sure they’re friends, exactly, not by the way I’d reckon a friendship, but still.”
“Because you’re a goddamn menace in this uniform of yours,” Dean says, voice low, as he splays one hand over Cas’ chest. “How am I supposed to focus on practice when you show up looking like this?” He shakes his head slowly. “And then holding this little angel--” he waves a hand to indicate Marigold, who has passed out on the grass beside them-- “low blow, Cas. Low blow.”
“Because I knew you would react like that,” Dean replies, rubbing his forehead. “If I promise to take you to meet her someday, can we focus on getting the princess home, please?”
“All for you, Cas. All for you.” Dean’s pretty much babbling at this point, but he doesn’t care, and it doesn’t seem like Cas does either. “Fuck me, Alpha, please.”
His breathing is becoming ragged, as is Dean’s. He draws back, rolling over to reach into the bedside table to grab the condoms and lube he’d purchased earlier in the day. Dean, observing over his shoulder, makes a noise of approval. “Look at you, buying your own supplies like a responsible adult.”
By the end of the day, it is not their necks that are sore, but their feet. They have explored a great deal of Paris, and while Dean has been suitably impressed by what he has seen, he cannot deny that he is happy to return to Balthazar’s comfortable house to dine and rest. Supper is a casual affair, and the food is as wonderful as Dean has always been promised French cuisine can be. And the wine-- Dean has never had much of a taste for it before, but now he begins to understand why it is such a popular beverage.
“Yes.” Castiel offers no further explanation, shivering at the memory of that conversation. “He frightens me.”
He loves to watch the way Cas’ eyes darken at the suggestiveness in his voice. “I’ve got plenty of ideas,” Cas murmurs.
“Will you let go for me, Dean? You’ve given me so much already. Your trust, your surrender.” He barely even knew what he was saying, but it seemed to be working, Dean’s hips bucking restlessly beneath him. “Let me feel you surrender fully.”
“The icicle version of him, yes.” Cas’ words are muffled by the thick blue scarf around the lower part of his face, and as Dean stands frozen in the doorway, he pushes his way inside the house and shuts the door firmly behind himself. “I hope you have whiskey.”
“And she will tell the tale for weeks, I’m sure.” Dean took his seat and reached for the bowl of berries in the centre of the table. “How she was the one to bring breakfast to the new kings of Calorna and Hiemere.”
Castiel stood patiently while Donna draped bolts of cloth against his frame, tightening them in places and loosening in others, muttering to herself under her breath all the while. The sunlight pouring through the windows was likely a great help to her, but Castiel found himself feeling faint under its rays. He gritted his teeth against the headache that began to throb in his temples and held himself upright and still, though it took more effort than he would have liked to admit.
Dean’s hands tighten on the arms of the chair, bracing for something though he doesn’t know what. “A few days, a week, perhaps?” He attempts a smile, but it’s weak. “Don’t tell me you wish to make that journey again so soon.”
“My brother’s in Paranormal Investigations. I told you that.” Dean smiled up at him, humourless. “Good to know you were listening.”
He traces an absent hand over the wooden surface of the pew. “This place was already shut down when we got here. But I liked coming here anyway. It made me feel closer to her. Still does.”
Dean’s smile falters for a moment, and Cas curses inwardly. Even such a simple statement speaks to their long separation, to all that has yet to be discussed between them. He watches warily as Dean takes a bite of his food, then chews it slowly. “How are they doing?” he asks.
Same brilliant blue eyes, and the same disdain with which they always meet Dean’s. Castiel gives him a long look, then turns away again as though his comment isn’t even worth acknowledging.
Taking his offered arm, Castiel made conversation by asking about his mother and brother until they drew up in front of Balthazar’s home. There was a steady stream of people, labourers by the looks of them, going up and down the stairs, directed by an officious-looking butler Castiel recognized from previous visits.
Castiel reached down and twined their fingers together, struck, as always, by the contrast in their body temperature. “You’ve never once made me feel ashamed of who-- of what-- I am,” he said quietly. “You’ve made me feel seen, and appreciated, as a whole, in a way that--” he squeezed Dean’s hand for emphasis-- “in a way that I haven’t felt in years.”
