John was obviously trying to hide his anger but there was something else in his eyes. Sadness? Pity? No he wouldn’t pity him. Guilt. But why would he feel guilty? But before he could figure out he heard the click of an umbrella on the floor outside his room and a few seconds later Mycroft opened the door.
After asking mrs. Hudson to stay in in her flat with rosie till he came to get them, he was back up with Fred Lautner; who was regarding the mantel particularly the framed picture there.  lestrade had taken it a few weeks ago. In it Rosie was in sherlock’s arms laughing at the camera while john was smiling at sherlock.
“Thank you doctor” john said quietly and turned to Sherlock waiting for the man to leave. When he finally heard the door close he put his hands to his face and he sobbed into them.
“iss just I had to … stop it.” Sherlock said waving vaguely at his head leaning back on his chair. “I wanted to do drugs but ovviosuly that’s off the table so …” he finished with a shrug.
Sherlock wanted to scoff at the man’s assumption but it was apparent that he had read all the gossips about their life. It was a while since people had thought they were together but nothing ever gets deleted off the internet. So he focused on the more pressing issue.
Mary finally broke the silence with a firm but quiet voice. “I’m sorry john… I didn’t think you would be here.”
“Happy to do so mate. I’m sure you’ll find him at least interesting. “ lestrade said seemingly unaware of the turmoil in the room.
The realization made john smile sadly. “ I’m the one that has to worry sherlock. I’ve wanted this for years. What about you? Are you sure you don’t want to give the Italian dude a try?” john failed at trying to joke. Sherlock could now see how that one sentence had rattled him.
Oh. So this was why he was upset. He was worried that he was too much like his murderer of a sister? John relaxed. This was something he could help with. He could talk to him hours of how different he is to her. How amazing he is regardless of his intelligent. How kind he is to helpless people. How selfless he was for people that he cared about. How protective of mrs.Hudson… he could list any and every reason he loved sherlock for. Because who was he kidding he could talk hours of what sherlock had done for john alone to prove that he could never be anything like Eurus Holmes.
Three minutes stretched to three hours as john fruitlessly tried to wake Sherlock and his and mary’s hands were bathed red in sherlock’s blood when finally, paramedics rushed in the room and took matters into their own hands. They put two tourniquets to stop or at least decrease his bleeding and then wheeled them out to the ambulance while john was trying not to get in the way since his body was shaking ridiculously and no amount of ‘john Watson get your shit together he needs you as a doctor not a trembling mess right now’ helped in particular.
It was 24 days since sherlock had closed his eyes last. John had fallen in a routine. Most of his days were spent at his work in the surgery. Then he would go to his house, spend hours with Rosie till her bed time and then get ready to spend another night next to sherlock’s bed. The retractable sofa was sufficient since he couldn’t get more sleep in his own bed anyways. Mary was going more and more agitated at john’s absence from their former life. John could feel that but he wasn’t going to say anything first. He recently realized that he didn’t really miss sleeping next to Mary and then hated himself over it. However these times that guilt gnawed his chest over preferring to spend his nights next to his comatose best friend, his brained reminded him that Sherlock was in this mess BECAUSE of mary. John didn’t feel like forgiving her this time.
“don’t..”sherlock swallowed. john pulled back instantly waiting. “ If this is… if you… this is the most important…. You are the most important person to me john.” Sherlock finally finished a sentence.huray to him. “if this isn’t the same to you….I’d rather know now.”
The rest of the evening went by eventless while john made dinner in the kitchen. When his pasta and meat balls were ready he opened a couple of beers while greg went to help him bring the food to the living room. After they had put the plates down on the coffee table, john looked expectedly to sherlock who still had not moved much from his position on the sofa. The pain in his ribs were intolerable when he tried to get up and he didn’t want anyone to think he needed more babysitters around. But now He couldn’t eat while lying down. He really wished john would look away.
He was done.. he was done hurting this man and himself by being an idiot coward. He stepped around sherlock to face him.
Like it even mattered if he was alright. Like he hadn’t almost just lost his daughter. Like sherlock wasn’t fighting with death a few rooms away.
But before he could form the words john walked in the room and froze, taking in the picture before him.
“it’s alright it’s fine…” john continued in a soft voice. “Greg can you get his slippers from under his bed? There is more glass on the floor.”
“why don’t you ever?” john said finally after a few moments. “you never correct people when they think we’re together. Why?”
Really sorry about how long it took to get this out. Also its shorter then normal, sorry. Didn’t want to cut off in the middle of the following scene basically.
John woke early the following day, he had a restless night and just couldn’t seem to stay asleep. He clicked his alarm off before it chimed it’s annoying buzzing sound John couldn’t stand, but knew was the only noise that would wake him.
“That’s just one of my preliminary lists John, ideas I’m still thinking about but know you will likely think are a ‘
“/We/. /We/ have a case.” Sherlock rolled his eyes as he tapped his foot, nervous over how poorly John was still taking things. He knew they couldn’t hear him, despite his best efforts. It had taken everything in him to write those messages and whisper to John earlier. Though at least he hadn’t gone running like the man on the security tape.
Sherlock was still proud that John was catching onto how to deduce things. He had never tried teaching the art to anyone else, he thought it was above the mental capacities of
The answer was immediate in his mind, but not on his lips. Again he tried to find an excuse “Well I’m just very busy these days with-“
Molly also pulled out a flashlight with a particularly sensitive button to turn it on, a Polaroid camera, and a Hasbro Company Ouija board.
Sherlock sat in the cab pressed up against John with his head leaning against the shorter man’s shoulder. “I can’t seem to help it. Despite having minimal physical cat features I’m displaying cat like behavioral patterns.”
"You still came though." Grace smiled in a manner she thought was pleasant, but had a hint of something else in it, Greg didn't miss it.
Mycroft quickly set the coffee down and turned away from Lestrade, “Just came to make sure you were awake enough to be working, I should really be getting back to work now myself, sorry to bother you.” He reached for the door handle still avoiding eye contact but Greg stopped him by stepping in front of the door.
John didn’t want to tell his therapist Sherlock’s final words. They were too personal. Only he was meant to hear them. John knew Ella would try to convince him of the ‘truth’. That Sherlock himself had tried to tell him he was a fraud. He wouldn’t hear it. No one could ever convince him that Sherlock had told him a lie, not even the man himself. No, there was no need to tell Ella.
. The smell of rotting jam was starting to really bother him, especially on an empty stomach. It bothered John that something he loved so much could cause him such frustration. ‘
John simply nodded and followed hand in hand. He didn’t hear anything the angry crowd might have said, he was too focused on the enigmatic man in front of him.
“More or less.” He took his first drag of the cigarette and violently leaned forward coughing. It was far too much. He felt like he was suffocating.
Greg nodded and set the violin down in the small living room. There was a comfortable fireplace, a pair of wing-back chairs, and a worn in couch. The walls were bare, ready for someone to move in. A small kitchenette was hidden by pocket doors that slid in and out of the walls, allowing the room to be separated or open to the main living area.
“Ah John, you’re back! How was the date?” Sherlock sat up on the couch, clearly just been in his mind palace.
Sherlock glanced down at his broken discarded phone that still lay where John had put it on the coffee table, and had done everything in his power to not look at since then. Sherlock wasn’t sure why he had kept the thing if it seemed to be causing him pain. He reached out to attempt to move it even though it was larger then the pens and buttons he had been practicing with, it moved, if only slightly, but was far easier to interact with then the previous items. He hummed in curiously at it, his fingers swiping over the front when the screen curiously came on when he was sure it had been broken. Did it only work for him now? The screen lit up with missed texts.
“Bloody idiot.” John muttered under his breath. “Sorry I couldn’t be of much help Greg,” he called back “but I should probably go back to the flat now and make sure Sherlock hasn’t torn the place up too much.” He faked a smile.
Just curious. I mean, we’re friends, friends tend to know those things. But it’s alright, you don’t need to tell me. –
“I don’t mean acquaintances or how many people you have in your phone book. How many friends do you go and hang out with?”
“So beautiful.” Mycroft purred. His mate was entirely splayed open for him and even begging for more. He had no idea why his whole body had wanted him to fill Greg with that fluid. But he had to more then he needed to breath. He began thrusting the tentacles in and out at different times, so Greg’s prostate would always be assaulted. Greg was soaked, which was more erotic then anything Mycroft would have ever imagined. His strokes sped up as he could feel Gregory’s body convulsing from sheer pleasure. His legs hardly able to keep himself up anymore.
“I said I can’t!” His voice was much louder then before and held a great deal of power. “I can’t move on. Not now. Not ever.”
“Sorry about that” John coughed, hoping that the distraction was enough to change the topic they were on.
"Uh! A rat nest!" he frowned knowing he had touched a potentially diseased ridden pile of trash and feces.
Once again Sherlock struggled against his restraints. Bolts kept the legs of the chair pinned to the cement floor. He tried jerking his feet to break the chair legs but he didn’t have enough leverage from where the rope tied his legs down.
Sherlock furrowed his brow and sat next to him. “Shh, John… I’m sorry, but I’m here, right here. Please John, don’t cry. You were suppose to find out right after but you didn’t come home…”
“I really don’t see how that’s any of your business. I may have dropped by Tescos on the way back and took a while before I showered.
John sat in his swivel chair blinking confusedly. “Goodnight Sherlock…” he whispered to the empty room.
“No. Did you see those bees that flew out? I doubt any one other then me knows it and I’m still not sure what the connection here is, but Sherlock has a secret passion for bee keeping.”
Unless the ‘situation’ has changed I know you two aren’t shaggin each other’s brains out, so get down here. –GL
Sherlock smirked knowingly. His instincts were an absolute mess right now, both telling him to stay and leave at the same time. But the more he thought on it he knew that staying would only lead to one thing, forcing himself on John. The tentacles undulated all over his friend’s smaller body. He had never desired anything so badly in his life. “I have to, please.” The tentacles squeezed John in every direction. It would be so easy to take him now. Forced him down and fill him with every tentacle he had. Sherlock’s eyes were darkening, his grip on himself fading.
"Damn it, I can't possibly cancel on her again! Last week I was on a stake out with you that you promised wouldn't last more then four hours-"
“I’m just going to check if you’re hurt.” John went for the hem of the shirt again, but Sherlock held it firmly in place. “Come off it! You’re clearly not alright and you might be really hurt!”
Sherlock tried his best to not smile, “Ah, well, good thing it’s morning. I know what I’d like to test today.”
Mycroft looked a bit sheepish as he saw the expression on Greg’s face and knew he had finally figured it out. “I was unaware…” The tentacles were turning Greg over now, who finally began struggling back again.
It was a fair enough point John considered, but it still seemed like Sherlock was simply trying to change the subject.
Found John, he’s ok and safe now. Thank you for last night. John thanks you for looking after me. - SH & JW
John was a bit more at ease at seeing that’s all it was. Just one of Sherlock’s new little tricks. Lestrade however, was far from laid back.
There was no reply. Two hours had gone by, Greg’s shift at work ended and he arrived at Mycroft’s town house, and there was still no reply. He had to do this, he told himself. It wasn’t as if the grass was booby trapped or anything. Shite, was it? Probably not. Lestrade took a deep breath to get rid of his nerves. He just had to knock, if no one answered, then fine. If Mycroft, or anyone else did, then he would do everything he could to get to the bottom of this.
John looked up, confused for a moment. Perhaps the building just needed new wiring. He looked back at his phone, checking his email and mass deleting media outlets asking for interviews on his late friend.
“Three minutes.” Sherlock breathed barely loud enough for John to hear. He could tell the detective had already given up on surviving. “When you’re free, leave at once. Try to find Mycroft, he’ll…. He might be able to help you.”
There was a firm knock at the door, both men looked towards it. John shrugged, there wasn’t much they could do until Lestrade woke up. The knocking persisted and eventually a very rumpled D.I. sleepily thumped about the flat. He wore loose fitting sweat pants and a tight white undershirt as he opened the door and leaned against the frame to keep from falling back asleep.
Sherlock stepped over the arm of the couch and quickly wrapped his arms around his blogger who fell on his back laying on the couch, Sherlock on top of him. They lay wordless in each other’s arms.
Sherlock looked off in the direction John peered in, his eyesight being greater then the doctors he easily made out what they said.
He wanted to tell himself that this was all an elaborate prank on Mycroft’s behalf, but a deeper part of him knew that it was far from it. He played back the conversation in his head from the day before.
John stayed out as long as possible that day. It was bad enough he found Sherlock strangely alluring on an average day with his quick graceful movements and they way he could perfectly make his coat float around him extending his thin waist and height, but for some perverse reason behind John’s imagining those cat ears and tail sent him over the edge. They matched his cat like movements and behavior far too perfectly.
“So, who is it then? She’ll need to be brought in for questioning and police protection if you’re right.”
John could hear Sherlock let out a small frustrated sigh he obviously didn’t intend for him to hear.
Sherlock's eyes revealed their utter annoyance. "Someone had to have deliberately stabbed it and nothing that small is that clever."
“Sherlock?” a small voice chimed from behind them, “Are you two ok?” Molly looked worriedly at John as Sherlock struggled to pull him to his feet.
Mycorft Holmes made a sexual innuendo? To him? Was this man even the real Mycroft? It seemed absurd to even think, but even his voice was somehow just off. Greg scanned the room, but there was nothing sharp in it. Nothing to even defend one’s self. He eventually looked back at the man who was now only a couple of feet away. His vision adjusting to the darkness finally.
Bloody phone, why does Mrs. Hudson have such an infernal device? “John! Don’t hang up-“ Sherlock practically shouts but it’s too late, John the line went dead.
Sherlock huffed. “Triple homicide… and they’re less noticeable then your erection.” He stormed off leaving John beet red.
“Mycroft?!” He went towards the sound of running water without looking for a light switch and found himself in a kitchen. He had no idea what the lay out of the house was or where he might find anything in it. He soon realized the sound had been coming from the sink, which was inexplicably left on and was gushing out water. The basin was completely full as water spilled out and onto the floor. This was certainly not a good sign.
“That’s cheating, and no one would believe me, I’m not the genius detective- you are. And you’re not just invisible- YOU’RE NAKED.”
Greg grinned at that. He had felt so very hopeful at that message. But it was after that, that he he began to worry.
John would always remember the brief moment that Sherlock had hesitated on the ledge. Why? Why had he jumped if he wasn’t sure? Or was there another reason? The questions ate at him slowly.
“There, that’s much better. Now I can tell you all about those bodies, and don’t worry, I know I’m brilliant, you can tell me later.”
He rubbed his eyes before realizing his surroundings had completely changed, or so he thought. Instead of his bed, John was laying on a massive white surface covered in an equally huge sheet. It was as if he had been kidnapped in the night and placed on the world's largest bed. The booming sound continued. John looked up, seeing his situation was growing dimmer. Furniture the size of skyscrapers lined what looked to be walls millions of kilometers high. Even Moriarty couldn't pull off something like that.
John reddened from embarrassment at Mrs. Hudson’s last comment and couldn’t bring himself to read the following comments that were still pouring in. That woman had no shame with her constant implications.
“Oh! Janette!” he didn’t think he would see her again after their last awkward phone call ending with her saying she didn’t need to waist any more time with him. Overhearing that his flatmate was forcing him to watch porn while he was suppose to go out with her that night likely didn’t help matters. “How are you?”
He sighed. "Text me when you find out more?" he didn't want to admit how exhausted he was from spending the whole night at the station.
A quick phone call revealed the good doctor had called in sick for the day, the following day as well. But this morning the hospital had received no such phone call, yet, the doctor still hadn't left the flat.
Sherlock leaned closer to the rat nest that lay at the bottom of the initial hole and pulled his small spyglass out. "Shoe impressions." His voice was monotone at first but then became filled with excitement "Greg! He was here! We just need to know how far this tunnel goes and where it leads to."
“I don’t suppose you would lend me your jacket?” Sherlock’s voice began stuttering with the chill air.
What the hell did he look good in? What would Sherlock think he looked good in? He briefly considered wearing something nice, something with a good tie, but the idea quickly died. That was far too formal and he wasn’t even sure if they would be staying in Sherlock’s place or if he could convince him to go outside, which he already knew would be difficult to do. Sherlock was always at home… always.
John blinked his eyes quickly for several moments. He was outside. Leaneing against a wall, with Sherlock excessively close to him. John opened his mouth to ask why they were outside and then closed it. ‘
"You seem unusually happy." Sherlock slid a new slide under the lens without looking over at John laying on his back on the Union Jack pillow.
Mycroft was shoved against the doorway, his breath leaving him for a moment as he was winded. He bared his teeth, clearly furious now. Greg hadn’t found anything on him in his moment and decided to quickly run for it, perhaps there was a window somewhere he could smash through. But as he attempted to turn tail and run, something quickly coiled around his ankle and tripped him, sending him smashing into the floor and dragged back wards.
“Oh brother… when will you learn? You think you know him but how could you? He thinks you’re someone that you’re not.”
John was curled up on the ground in a fetal position, arms blocking his already bruised face, the boy still kneeling at him hitting anything he could. Sherlock kicked him under the chin, sending the boy reeling backwards with quite a deal of pain.
“Sorry about that, there’s been something wrong with the heat lately, the flat keeps getting cold spots, still haven’t figured that out.”
“John? Can you hear me?” he clutched the edge of the sheet nervously, the lump moved. “Can you come out?” he gently lifted the sheet up, the orange tabby slinked further away under the sheet. Sherlock sighed. “I didn’t mean to drop you John.” He grabbed a third biscuit and held it out. Slowly the cat came closer and began eating again, this time Sherlock realized the small pastries were filled with minced meat.
Sebastian still lay on his back above the covers of the cheap motel room, a cigarette half hanging out of his mouth as his head rested on a pillow hard as a rock. He had begun drifting off when his phone chimed several times. He ignored each one. There were very few people that ever contacted him, so he knew it was Moriarty, likely sending him threats or pictures of someone he’s had killed to boast or wants killed. He was adorable in that way, but not today. His fingers grazed over the screen before setting it aside on the end table. When it began ringing he merely turned it on silent and rolled over.
Mycroft’s eyes darted down, away from Gregory’s as he pretended not to hear him. He hadn’t gained the opportunity to capture someone like this until now and didn’t know all the possible affects yet. A curious tentacle wrapped around the base of Greg’s cock, a sucker sticking to its underside.
It was early Monday morning, John didn’t have work that day, the hospital had given him shorter hours and better pay- he knew Sarah had done it as a pathetic attempt to make his life seem better and thus worth living. John did something he thought he would never do again, he called Lestrade and asked if there were any knew cases.
John placed one arm under Sherlock’s knees and the other on his back as he picked him up and placed him in the chair, smiling giddily at the light shade of pink that Sherlock was turning. He noticed Sherlock was able to adjusted his legs slightly by himself, which was rather promising John thought.
John blinked in surprise. “Come? To my therapy session? Uh- I’m not sure that would be a good idea.”
Greg drew closer and pressed against him, taking the more dominating role now. “I’m going to make those cute little tentacles squirm next time.” He pushed Mycroft gently against the bed.
Sherlock stood motionless under the hot spray of the shower for a while, letting the beads of warmth hit him. ‘
‘To put it simply, it seems our age of maturity is simply later in life and it would be safer for us to mate then wait too long and force ourselves upon someone less capable of dealing with this.’ –MH
“Look here, he’s not gonna keep putting up with you. I don’t know what you two have been fighting about this time, but he’s damn mad at you if he’s still not said a word.”
.’ “Nothing important. Now, we’ll begin.” They were just outside Tesco’s and Sherlock led his test subject inside.
“You have no control over what someone else says John, but frankly I was rather amused when you did raise your voice.” Sherlock’s lips curled to show his satisfaction.
“Go right ahead.” Greg pulled up a second chair and sat beside him, watching as he entered a series of passwords in his email and a list of locations came up.
“Sherlock! No I’m not planning on- oh wipe that smile off your face, I meant I wouldn’t just do that on a first date.” John huffed and crossed his arms.
There was a sigh, “The angle of the wire line on her neck. The perpetrator was short, 5” 2’ or less. The victim has a very thin throat, bare hands would have done the job easily, unless the killer had small hands with little strength.”
John flopped down on his bed kicking his shoes off. Laying on his back he grabbed a knife from the end table and began cutting the package open. A small thought popped up in the back of his mind, his last pill container was still over half full, they shouldn’t be sending him a new one already. John shrugged the thought off and continued ripping the tape off.
Sherlock sighed what was obviously a fake sigh, “Very well, but you were just complaining yesterday that everyone thinks you’re gay anyway and that it’s awkward when men check you out. This could be an improvement in your life after all.” He pulled out a pill container and handed it over.
“Now, that’s hardly lady like behavior.” Mycroft wasn’t expecting to be punched in the face from what he considered to such an innocent jest.
“I’m not even talking.” He looked up, surprised to see his boss was no longer smiling. “What’s happening?”
"John?" He said again with out looking away. "This can't be real." He placed the skull back down and clumsily scooped up John in his hands.
Lestrade was in 221B fifteen minutes after receiving the text from Sherlock. He noticed the door was uncharacteristically unlocked.
His head shot up as he heard a familiar spitting voice that sounded not to far from his office door.
“I swear to god if you….” John could feel his fists calling, why was Sherlock always so damn difficult?
"I see, well, I have a cab downstairs of you want to come to the crime scene with me. Where's John?" Lestrade had stepped past Holmes and into the flat expecting to see John sitting in the living room.
John had to do a bit of a jog to catch up with those damn long legs of his. “Hold on! We only just got here, they might find something any minute?”
John went to place the beaker back where it had been when Sherlock suddenly jolted up pushing the table away from him. John lost his grip as the table hit his still partially limping leg sending him into a fit of pain. The beaker shattered on the table as John instinctively grabbed the edge to balance himself, cutting his hand on a glass shard.
Sherlock tilted his head in thought, he was certainly not the first person to ever die, so where was everyone else? He had spent the past two days in unnecessary hiding, but on his way to the flat…. Sherlock blinked rapidly. He couldn’t recall now how exactly he had gotten here after his fall. He wasn’t even sure how his plan had gone awry ending in his death.
John jolted upright in the darkened room tucked into the midnight blue scarf. A cold sweat ran down his face. His hands instinctively ran through his hair, down his neck, with his left hand stopping where the bullet had left him a nasty scar.
John scratched the back of his head, “just don’t tell Sherlock I encouraged you two. He’ll feel betrayed forever.” He chuckled.
"He must be here!" His eyes darted around the kitchen. He knew he had placed John on the counter, but for a moment he started to doubt himself. '
“It’s fine, there’s really no other reason someone would want to learn this sort of thing so quickly, unless you’re trying to get government files.” She giggled.
Sherlock hesitated before reaching to take one, finding he was just a bit too far away and quickly pulled back. “It’s ok.”
“Name your price, I’ll happily meet it.” the voice sounded oddly familiar to John but he couldn’t quite place it.
“You’re thinking too loud again. But this serves a very good purpose- think of the possibilities for following someone unseen!”
The interrogation was short, Mycroft had offered him money to report back to him about Sherlock, which he refused to do, and officer of the law can’t be bribed, or at least he refused to be. Despite his harsh tone at the time, the elder Mr. Holmes seemed pleased by his responses. But since that night there only contact had been via chaste phone calls about leads for cases and which cases needed priority for political purposes.
“Yes!” John blurted out before he knew what he was saying. His hand instinctively raised to cover his mouth.
He doesn’t want to respond to that, he knows they’ll find her, but he also knows that it will probably be her cold body by then.
“Oh.” He set the notes back down. “I gave you specific instructions not to disturb me until you could.”
The dials are strangely difficult to press, like they’ve been corroded and hardly work anymore. But he has to call John, needs to tell him to stop worrying.
Molly waited at the table a few moments longer, pretending to fumble with her drink, then her phone. The check was already paid for- which John had previously insisted was on them, when she started running out of ideas to stay there any longer. Finally Maria stood, giving the woman she dinned with a warm smile- a rather convincing one at that. But Sherlock could see the amusement in her eyes, the cold calculating look of someone planning something far darker then walking an acquaintance back home.
“No. Absolutely not! I am not going inside that thing!” John shot an accusing finger at the offending dollhouse perched on the desk table.
She beamed, “Oh! You should have said so, that’s good. When did you meet your friend? You haven’t mentioned one before.”
John cocked his head, not really sure where this conversation was about to go, “You’re gonna have to be a lot more specific there.”
Sherlock hated himself for what he had done, he could tell John was slowly becoming a wreck. He just wanted to be there for him but knew it was an impossibility now. Maybe ceasing to exist would have been better then this. He went to find John, maybe just watching him for a while would calm him down. When he found him, John was asleep in Sherlock’s bed again. Sherlock wasn’t sure if he liked having John close to his worldly possessions or if it made him sad how poorly he was moving on.
John nodded; he knew what he was getting into before he went under. It was only fair that Sherlock got to test the results now.
“I didn’t come alone and it’s likely there will be guns drawn on the house regardless of your presence here.”
“Seriously?” Donovan rolled her eyes. “We’re three stories up. Are you really suggesting someone, two people in fact, climbed all the way up the wall and through the window on the off chance that it might be unlocked, just to pull of an elaborate prank on some unsuspecting jogger?”
Lestrade raced in, but John was no where to be seen. He cursed himself for not realizing there was a back exit by the changing rooms.
A low chuckle came, one that John couldn’t recognize. “Lost your conduit?” The inky smear of a person faded into nothing at those words.
At first Lestrade thought he was just lonely and wanted to know if he was up to anything, so he happily obliged.
Greg placed a hand on John’s shoulder as he exited the room, “I know you’re not intending to let this go unsolved. But, er, do you have any plan?”
"No, it's not!" he turned back quickly and closed their momentary distance. "Everything she said John, it was wrong. I do love you. I love you so much." His hands were on John's neck before he knew it, "I… I want you John."
Daniel beamed and suddenly took John’s hand to shake it with both of his own. “This is really great of you. Take all the time you need and I’ll check in on you in the mornings. Will Mr Holmes be here soon?”
John came back from Tesco’s, back to his usual attire of jeans and a jumper. “You should ask about any new cases.” He placed the groceries on the counter and turned to see Sherlock lounging on the sofa with his feet on the coffee table. John’s eyes widened. “You take those off right now! You have no idea how expensive those shoes were!”
“She despised me the moment you introduced us, which is still beyond me why you ever introduced me to any of those ridiculous women you dated.”
“Sherlock… “ John groaned. That arse would write that. He couldn’t help but smile fondly as he shook his head.
. He wasn’t about to give in so easily. He knew that madman wouldn’t sink so low as to ask him to come back, but he couldn’t keep living like this either.
Sherlock didn't look up, he was too focused on his hands in his lap and doing his best not to show any emotion. Internally he thought he might cry at any moment.
"Social call then? No… he seems far too distraught." Mycroft leaned in closer to the screen now more worried. It made no sense; if John was so sick that his sister and then Lestrade were paying visits while so upset then why did Sherlock seem fine? And why did he always check his breast pocket before and after getting in a cab?
Sherlock wanted to type back a response so bad, but he doubted he was capable of doing it, not only would his fingers not press the buttons down but the phone technically had no service now even if he was able to use it through otherworldly ways. Besides, what would he say? ‘I’m sorry’? ‘I’m dead but don’t worry I’m haunting the flat’? He knew John wouldn’t believe the text was actually from him anyway.
“No offence boss, but this doesn’t seem like the best idea.” This earned Sebastian a strong slap across the face, he barely flinched at the contact
“Ah, that’s probably him now. Well, I should let you get to work. Don’t hesitate to call if there’s anything you need.” Daniel gave John an overly hard pat on the shoulder.
Sherlock’s coat was too big for him and he would never consider altering it. He began wearing the scarf daily though and slowly began picking up more habits of the late detective. Lestrade began dropping in, he would bring over case files for John to look at them even if he no longer would come to crime scenes. In reality it was just his way of making sure John was still around and had no obvious suicide attempts planned out.
Using the now excess fabric of what Sherlock had been previously wearing, he and John made it off the chair and easily slipped under the gap between a door and the floor. It was dark and colder out then they had expected.
Sherlock looked up seeing the filthy child but paid him no attention, instead he stalked toward the pipe shinning his flashlight inside.
Sherlock smiled, “Sorry.” He then placed both hand on John’s face and peered at his irsis, checking for dilation.
Sherlock’s back arched and before he knew it he was rubbing himself all over John. “Jaaaawn! Jawn oh please scratch my back! Pleeeeaaase!” His coat was off in an instant. “I’ll forgive you if you just scratch me.”
“You damn tosser, that’s why you ripped the bloody couch up? Because you took it again? Just why? You nearly had a heart attack when you first saw those ears.”
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched up a bit at that. When John had brought out the tea yesterday, there had been a strange almost strangled sound emitted through whatever way Mycroft was communicating to him. A desperate plea for Sherlock to join him.
Maria approached from behind with a garrote held taught between her hands, quickly slipping it around the woman’s neck and pulling tight. She struggled desperately for breath. John cringed at the sight, wanting to help her with every fiber in his being but knowing there was nothing he could do. Just at the last moment when they thought the last thread of life would leave her, Maria let go of the garrote, causing the woman to fall forward to her knees and gasp for breath. Maria chuckled at the sight, admiring her work.
“The flat is plenty safe and comfortable.” Now was John’s time to glare at the politician. He wanted Sherlock where he belonged, at home with him. He also wanted all this weird staring nonsense to stop.
John clenched his jaw in frustration. “Well it’s none of their damn business what people do with their lives.” His face was hot and his throat began to ache.
A few minutes later and the tenting in his pants started to become painful. “Why are we doing this?” his voice was strained.
’ John looked at what Sherlock was doing, his arm was completely twisted one and a half times, he couldn’t feel it in the least.
“Fuck you. You did this. You gave Moriarty all he needed! For what?! You know he only gave you lies and you sold out your own brother!”
“Hello?” Sherlock got no response. “Hmm, the clerk isn’t around and likely hasn’t been for several minutes now.” He reached in his pocket to pull out John.
"I knew what had happened as soon as I saw the beaker that broke… I kept hoping that night that maybe it hadn't entered his blood stream, that it wouldn't affect him. But I knew. I just… I didn't want him to freak out." He looked at Lestrade for a second then down at the ground ashamed. "I haven't told him yet."
Two days later there wasn’t a dealer in all of London that would sell to John. They had all been threatened within an inch of their lives not to let John get a hold of so much as a cigarette.
“You left your phone on the ground, you never go anywhere without it. And bloody hell, Sherlock,” He put his hand to the detective’s forehead. “You’re burning up!”
“Naïve too.” She tried to scoop John up again, “It’s a sin to be with him, I’m trying to help you, why can’t you see that?” When John dodged her hands again she got fed up and grabbed him, clenching her fist around his small form. “Stay still! I don’t want to have to hurt you John, this is for your own good!”
Lestrade and Mycroft gave Grace a good head start before Lestrade put money on the table hoping it was close to the right amount and then left quickly.
“I thought I was going to explode.” Greg huffed. “I don’t know what you- or the other you was thinking.” His skin felt far too taught.
All John could manage for that morning was making tea and hoping they had a case, meaning he wouldn’t be subject to any of Sherlock’s bizarre and possibly dangerous experiments. “So what are you watching then?”
The symphony’s music sped up towards the end, John didn’t recognize the sounds that were coming out of him as he lost himself so far in the ecstasy that he no longer cared that Sherlock was causing the best part.
Sherlock’s phone started chiming from his coat pocket left in the other room. “I forgot about the case! I said I’d be there… oh that can’t be right, an hour and a half ago? There’s no conceivable way I let you pet me for that long…” he quickly sat up looking at a clock.
John wondered if he could possibly explain the mix up with the chemicals and if it was even remotely believable.
It was simple enough entering the cab, John simply opened the back car seat and waited until he saw the cushions imprint downward as Sherlock scooted to the far seat, allowing him to get in without suspicion. A moment later he caught himself looking at the way the seat pressed inward where Sherlock sat, it was strangely interesting, until of course he remembered that the man was completely naked and he was essentially looking at his invisible flatmate’s arse. He snapped his head up looking away quickly as a muffled chuckle sounded next to him. Today was not going to be easy for John Watson.
“Starving!” Lestrade stretched a bit as he stood. “I brought a pizza actually. One of those frozen ones, if you’re interested.”
The scene was odd, there were still many patrons that were being filed out, many weren’t even aware that there was a situation on hand.
“Shit shit shit shit shit.” He knew he was suppose to stay quiet but he couldn’t resist mumbling as he ran for his life through a doll house of all places.
“Nope. I can guarantee that was the only time.” He didn’t realize he started subconsciously petting the black mess of curls resting on him until then.
John had been held after class that day when his teacher noticed he was struggling with some of the simpler math problems.
Athea grimaced but wasn't fully detoured yet. "A man claims he has something that might be of interest to you."
John was silent, he knew Sherlock was right. The mood of the room shifted when both men heard a distinct knocking at the door.
John immediately stood, he told himself he did it of his own free will. Maybe he really had, though he wasn’t honestly sure.
Sherlock braces himself against the window, looking out at the people below and feels like an idiot. John is somewhere out there thinking he’s dead and avoiding the flat. Why hadn’t he planned for this? He should have known John would react like this, but then he was always so terrible with people, with sentiment.
Lestrade unceremoniously shifted Sherlock from both to just one hand and with his free one un-capsized the RC boat. John was clutching to the cheaply made sails gasping for breath.
“Where the hell have you two gone off too? There any evidence in here?” Lestrade called from the doorway before he saw the strange display of Sherlock’s affection inside. “Bloody hell are you two rubbin off on each other at a crime scene?”
It was faint, but Sherlock’s mouth peeked up a bit at the right corner in a slightly bemused smile, “And why is that then? Not the least bit curious?” he would have died from embarrassment a few minutes previously for saying that, but John was turning a most pleasant shade of red as he flustered through his words.
“Yes, well, we must be off.” His hand slid down and wrapped around the side of John’s waist, “This way love, watch your step.”
He glanced around and spied a toothpick that seemed to be the perfect size for a makeshift cane and slowly propped himself up with it. From above he could hear the sound of a door slamming followed by the unmistakable hiss of a fire extinguisher.
“Small talk doesn’t suit you.” He scoffed, feeling like a git for how high his knees came up in the seat while wearing stilettos.
John hesitantly put his other hand under the table between them and on Sherlock’s knee. “You can feel now though.” He leaded closer.
“Well stop.” He cut off John’s response by pressing his mouth against his in a deep kiss. Sherlock would get everything he ever wanted from John and John would love it.
Unfortunately, it wasn’t Anthea waiting in the back for him. Suddenly John felt his skirt was significantly too short for the occasion.
John stumbled back up the steps of 221b with Lestrade supporting him. “At least now I know you’re a light weight for next time.”
John instinctively looked at the sink were a straight edge razor had been left. Sherlock’s eyes followed his gaze and in seconds the coils loosened and retreated. John considered grabbing it still but didn’t want to resort to violence just yet.
“Get up and come here, you’re about to fall to pieces.” When Sherlock made no move to stand, John huffed and marched to his side, grabbing his arm and tried to pull Sherlock to his feet.
Greg could see the black outline of the small boat just above him, he almost dismissed the small form next to him as an over sized minnow. He cupped his hands around it and surfaced.
“This didn’t fall by it’s self.” She clenched her teeth but another visual sweep of the room revealed there was no where big enough for a John to hide, and even if there was why on earth would he?
Sherlock perked up at that, “Of course it is… I did get it for you after all.” The blush was still there, but now his mouth had the smallest of smiles.
Purely on principle alone, John threatened Sherlock and Lestrade with the possible consequences if they told anyone about his hobby, and that it was never to be discussed at Scotland Yard or while on a case.
Nothing could have prepared Molly for accidentally walking in on her recently shrunken  crush of the past two years senselessly snogging a man and then revealing they were in fact a couple. She had never once believed the rumors that had gone on about them, especially since John had been so adamant that he was ‘not gay.’ A strange phrase to use in retrospect considering he never clarified that he was straight, just ‘not gay.’
It wasn’t the nicest thing to do, but John was sick and tired of being the butt of Sherlock’s sick sense of humor, even if by technicality John had allowed it. He already knew the effects of the grey liquid still sitting on the counter, he had been proven safe and would wear off in a few days.
"John!" luckily for him the doctor had insisted he buy a new fire extinguisher after the last one had been used to put out one of Sherlock's combustible experiments. The detective grabbed it off the wall and sprayed every flame till it ceased. His heart was racing as he scanned for his John.
“Jesus Christ Donovan! Get a hold of yourself, this is hardly the first dead body you’ve seen.” Lestrade marched over followed by John.
“Molly, I know this may be hard to hear, but it looks like Sherlock’s been kidnapped, probably John too. We need to locate them as soon as possible.”
It wasn’t enough time. He bit his lip and waited a moment as the fire quickly spread, loosening the wood inside. It licked up the peeling wallpaper inside and melted the glue that held walls together. John grabbed at the bottom of the side panel of the house, it was hard to do, but the it finally came apart. He dodged the wall falling on him and quickly got to work. Parts of it were still on fire and the house next to him was slowly burning down, but none of that mattered now.
Mycroft glared at them from the foot of the stairs just a few meters away. “I can assure you there are things he has not cared to mention yet.”
Sherlock placed both his hands on John’s shoulder’s and slid them slowly down his arms until he reached both of his hands and cupped them. “Feel that?”
John was completely drained on the way home that night. He softly mumbled through Sherlock's pocket as they ascended the stairs to their flat.
“Hey hold on, you already took it, you might as well stay now.” John went after him and grabbed his coat sleeve.
“You’re the best John.” He dipped his neck to rub his head against John’s chest. “You’re brilliant.” John felt rather then heard him purring now.
“I’m not.” He sat down by his friend. “Believe it or not, I was always the tallest of my class until middle school.”
John crossed his arms in his sitting position as he watched Sherlock pace, “I dunno Greg, I rather we didn’t have to confront her too.”
“Ah… forgot about those. They’re not mine.” He grabbed at the folder. “John? Can Lestrade come in?” He asked almost absent mindedly as Sherlock headed back in leaving the door open for the D.I.
John frowned at his computer, there was no point to being online while Sherlock was gone. He couldn’t help but wonder what it was he was doing anyway. He knew it was selfish to want him at the other end of his computer for as long as he wanted though. John was also bothered that he wasn’t upset with him for intentionally getting him off. He wasn’t gay. Knowing Sherlock knew what he was doing shouldn’t have been so erotic.
Looking up to see the black flag with a grinning skull on it John remembered back to the day Mycroft asked him what they could deduce about Sherlock’s heart- which as it turned out was quite a lot- but also that while having the mind of a philosopher or a scientist, as a child Sherlock had wanted to be a pirate.
Two days passed and the only indication that the world was still aware of John’s existence were the two calls on his answering machine inquiring why he didn’t show up for work. If he had checked his blog, that he hadn’t looked at since his final entry posting the video announcing Sherlock’s death, he would have seen the thousand’s of questions, comments, and replies left for him. Some smearing the genius’s name even more, others asking if the rumors were true, and rarely, those who encouraged John to keep writing and try to prove Sherlock’s innocents. He had heard of #IbelieveInSherlock and #MoriartyWasReal, but he was no longer a part of that life. Sherlock was gone. Nothing else mattered. John Watson’s war was over; he had lost.
“I’m not even sure I believe myself right now.” John set his tea down before he could accidentally drop it. “I’ve not exactly been the most stable of people in the past.”
“Well I can’t exactly use a spoon.” John smiled back before looking down at his hands and frowning. “I didn’t plan this out well.”
“At least do that thing were you sound like you’re talking to me.” Sherlock almost thought that might work. They had had so many almost conversations, John talking to himself with Sherlock responding.
“Wait!” he called out before he knew any better, Sally instantly stopped and looked at him expectantly. “Er- watch where you step?” ‘
John went bright red, “That’s not for you!!” He huffed, finally detaching from the detective and regaining his footing. He had to remind himself again that there was no way Sherlock really knew what he was saying or doing.
“The CTV cameras outside his flat have been having bad static, I wasn’t sure if it was a natural malfunction or not at first, but going over the footage I was able to make out someone carrying Sherlock out of the flat, likely unconscious.”
“So, what’s the plan?” Greg draped his coat over a chair. “Sitting back and waiting if our culprit shows up? Or something more hands on?”
“There’s no blood but… they’re not old cuts, are they?” He was pretty sure they wouldn’t look like this healed, but it didn’t make a whole lot of sense either way.
“Nothing important?! Well maybe I want to know what I was doing? And just what do you mean by ‘what I retained?’”
“Uh, is this a bad time? I could come back later…” Lestrade wasn’t sure if he shouldn’t question Sherlock’s unusual shoe choice more or the fact that he was sure John just hid behind the sofa.
The air vent was surprising easy to find a squeeze through, the empty space as wide as a large room and stretched on forever. There was just enough light from the few openings for Sherlock and John to find their way around. There was a small metallic tapping from their foot steps, but nothing nearly loud enough for even gifted ears to be able to hear them. They could hear the voices of the two women directly below them and hurried to the nearest vent opening. There was no sign of Harry, just Maria and the woman she had met with for lunch.
“I don’t understand, why would someone be after Harry?! And besides, she’s not exactly hard to track down, anyone could just grab her off the street the way she goes about drunk at night.” John paced Lestrade’s desk frantically with the blinds closed on all the windows.
Grge wasn’t sure how he should respond. Mycroft was adamant that he made sure John was moving on well, but at the same time he felt the same way. Was it too soon to even think about moving on? Was there even an appropriate wait time?
John looked around, wondering if Sherlock had enough decency to lay off while Greg was talking to someone. Likely not.
“There is absolutely no merit to your ridiculous claim and you can’t keep me here.” Sherlock practically spat.
He dared a look around, and realized he and Mycroft were the oldest people there, everyone else was significantly younger, late twenties, some even just teens. Applauding.
It was the first time John heard Sherlock talking about his life and not just the game, though he had slowly been asking John more and more about his own life. He forgot himself for a moment and dropped his backpack on the floor, causing a small thud. The baritone voice quickly stopped and John bit his lip.
“You custom ordered an exact replica of your suit, coat, and bloody hell, that’s a miniature blue scarf you prat,”
“Sherlock-“ John cleared his throat, trying to devoid it of his heavy emotions, “You can’t interview her like this.”
Sherlock smiled as John pushed him to the door that was so clearly his. There were scratch marks around the keyhole where John would get home late and tired, too out of it to get the key in the hole right the first time. Smudges at the bottom where the door had been kicked open, likely as John was attempting to get inside while carrying something heavy like boxes or groceries.
A fire officer nodded to give them the go ahead to go inside. The two put on breathing masks and entered with caution. The air was thick and dark with the remains of the smoke that had previously consumed the place. As they walked through the wet sleek mess they noticed hundreds of dead bees on every surface.
"They died a minute apart on different sides of the room. The crowds went into a panic after that and ran out." Lestrade noticed Anderson and Donovan just outside the roped off area of the dance floor.
“It must have been diluted by the tea…” John realized. “Stupid of me.” He crouched down to where Sherlock sat. “I’m a bloody tosser and I deserve whatever abuse you give.”
Sherlock didn’t listen, he opened the door and let him Mrs. Hudson carrying a pan of fresh pastries. “I just made up a batch and thought you boys would like some. Just this once though, I’m not your cook.”
The light flicked on, Sherlock’s eyes instinctively closed to block out the light as he made a strange guttural sound.
Sherlock released him, causing John to awkwardly drop to his feet with a little ‘oof.’ He was out the door soon enough, dressed a bit better for the weather. John couldn’t help but to think that he really shouldn’t have let him go.
Sherlock let go of his hands, shushing him despite knowing it wouldn’t be heard as he tried his best to wipe John’s tears away and hold him. “It’s ok, it’s ok… it’s not even that bad, just boring. I don’t like food and eating, I don’t go out unless it’s for a case, I don’t even have friends except for you John. You’re the only one that matters to me, please be strong.”
“God I love you. “john said quietly. As if he was just talking to himself. Like he hadn’t just flipped sherlock’s world with three words. He didn’t know how to answer. A simple I love you too seemed like an understatement compared to what john was to him.
Sherlock was wheeled off to have all the necessary tests done. john was never too far away, following his bed like a shadow. However, he did manage to call Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson to tell them the news. Lestrade had left after asking if he needed anything but he had simply thanked him after giving a rare hug.
Funny enough the fact that sherlock used the word “shit” alarmed john out of his trance. He never even imagined sherlock would want him. he knew he cared about him enough to want him around to give him compliments and be his sounding board and make his tea but not this. Never this.
“you were grieving… “sherlock whispered. John looked up at him then and saw that greg was right. Sherlock didn’t still think that john was in the wrong here.
“I thought I’d read a bit to him today. Then I’ll head home. You should go ahead” john said seriously as he was getting up.
“RELAX DAMMIT” sherlock shouted. “just going to the bathroom not to shoot up… you can calm down.”  Greg got up anyway and hovered behind him while sherlock made his way to the bathroom through the kitchen. His movements were slow and careful and every low “hiss” that john thought he heard from the man, made his heart sink lower and lower.
Lautner’s unamused smile was back as he stared at the picture on the mantel although clearly not seeing it.
John turned the light off and continued playing with sherlock’s curls. Something he always wanted to do. His breathing had slowed down so john thought he was back to sleep.
“no no no no.” john sat up straight, his hand on sherlock’s shoulder and chest. “no listen to me sherlock holmes. I am grateful that by some miracle you still want me around... even as more than a friend. But we cannot work if you still think what I did to you was acceptable.”
Oh. Oh. Sherlock cursed internally. Of course. He hadn’t told john the details of his two years away.
John was right the distance between his room and the entrance which led to the street was longer than the amount he could manage standing up.  John hailed a cab and helped him into it. He started nodding off after a few minutes. Sherlock noticed the dark circles under his eyes. Although he had gone home last few nights he was still tired.
Worry creeped back in john’s heart. What had happened so bad that made sherlock even consider drugs again but getting drunk as a substitute?
Sherlock was becoming aware of movement that was dragging him out of his dreamless slumber. His room wasn’t lit much but it wasn’t pitch black either.
“mary” he exclaimed. There was a baby sling around her shoulder as well as a supply bag and a bouquet of flower. “and little Watson”
John was rambling on while looking at sherlock apologetically with his disarrayed hair. Sherlock couldn’t help smiling when he pulled himself up to the headboard and accepted the tablets and the water.
“probably not... it’ll get better… you have rosie to think about now. you need to be civil.” He said carefully, not revealing the swelling of the heart in his chest. John’s walk to his side, now in the light of his words, made sense.
“last time you said I probably saved the psycho’s life by what I did in the morgue.” Understanding dawned on Greg's face. “So what DID change your mind?”
“what was happening? “ he couldn’t help but ask. Now that his eyes were adapted, he could see sherlock’s expression in the dim light coming through the blinders.
“and I don’t just mean physically,” Greg said frustrated. “I’m sure the idiot doesn’t even care about what you did in the hospital but that you push him away… that you blame him for mary.”
“you forgot. I’ve been here every time you went to that island waiting for you to come back for the last 2 months and u didn’t even bother to let me know that you wouldn’t come back till middle of the night before getting off to drinking and GOD KNOWS WHAT ELSE?”
“Nothing just that gavin has been gone for a long time. Do you think blood makes him nauseous?” sherlock lied easily.
It felt like a scene out of a memory. John kneeling in front of sherlock in the bathroom, patching him up and telling him it was alright. And maybe it would be. Maybe sherlock should get himself in trouble again to feel john’s hands on his skin. -You were never a puzzle solver …You are a drama queen.- Right again john. Sherlock chuckled to himself.
John turned his head around but kept his eyes closed. He was breathing heavily now. Sherlock held his shoulder and called his name louder.
“sherlock? Listen to me … help is on the way…” he said as he pressed his hand to the bloody hole in sherlock’s abdomen.
“well I lost the love of my life because of him.” He took a deep breath with resolve settling in his eyes. ” I want him to know the feeling. “
Sherlock could hear footsteps behind him the third click indicated that Mycroft was here . Sherlock instantly felt safer. “To make up for the inadequacies of your … little life.” He finished with distaste and pity in his voice.
John gave him a little push and sat him on the edge of the bathtub, his left wrist gripped and held higher by john.
Mycroft nodded satisfied.  Sherlock felt his eyes droop so he put his head on the bed. He tried to remember the details of john’s hug , his arms around him tightly holding him like he was the most precious thing in the world. Like he would protect him for the rest of his life.
“how much longer Mycroft? “john asked looking at Sherlock going paler by the second if that was possible.
He trudged up the stairs when he heard the laughter. He recognized greg’s voice and sherlock’s laugh which twitched something in his heart. He hadn’t heard it in a long time but the fact that he wasn’t the cause of it either made him taste something bitter in his mouth. He went in from the kitchen door.
They got up and made their way to the bedroom. John slowly lowered him to his bed while sherlock was biting his lip and breathing heavily, trying so hard to hide his pain.
John was on edge. He was seriously considering calling Mycroft or greg or anyone. He had come to baker street to wait for sherlock to come back from sherrinford but he already had to put rosie to bed and there still was no sign of sherlock. His phone was off which was not alarming on its own, he always turned it off the days he went to see Eurus but he was just so sodding late and john didn’t know how many cat videos he could pretend to watch on Instagram before he came home.
“yes thank you. I’m sorry I’m just curious why all of a sudden you have decided to visit a friend of your boyfriend. “ sherlock asked casually sitting in his chair.
Perfect. Just perfect. This felt too familiar. John and mary about to have a row and himself weak after being shot. The only difference was the innocent baby in his arms. No he couldn’t bear to have her wake up to her yelling parents. So he said in a light tone:
Sherlock’s breath hitched in his chest. John was still looking outside. ‘you’re mine’ he had said. Of course he didn’t mean he was his. He just meant he was his favorite person after his daughter!! He honestly didn’t know which was better. He felt his face heat and he didn’t know what to respond.
He sipped his zero alcohol beer to help him swallow. He was trying to cut back on alcohol. He didn’t want to be the person who hurts people he loves that easy. He wanted to be an actual father to his perfect daughter. But he knew that it didn’t matter how much he changed… he was still the john Watson that put sherlock holmes helpless and vulnerable in a hospital bed and left him alone in a building that belonged to a serial killer.
Sherlock’s chapped lips felt like heaven on his own. it was like everything was right with the world for the first time in god knew how long. john felt strong arms pulling him in … securing him… grounding him. sherlock pulled his lips away slightly resting his forehead on john’s. his breath fluttered on john’s skin reminding him of sherlock’s intoxicated state. John slid his head in the crook of his neck and wrapped his arms around his back.
“you cheated on your wife with eurus because of her smile. You were ready to throw away your perfect life with your family because she smiled at you. “   sherlock was still not looking him in the eye. But pain was pouring off him.
“I’d better go then. I was about to take rosie to the day care. “ she extended her arms to john and her reluctantly let her go.
Rosie squealed angrily at being carried away from her circle of toys but sherlock snuggled her closer to his chest.
“good morning.” The tall man was obviously caught off guard. He seemed to be in his forties, had short brown hair and a hard expression. He was wearing dark jeans and a loose coat over a black jumper.
Greg chuckled. “ yeah he might wake up just to tell me what a moron I am and that he has solved it already in a coma”
“of course I do… I have for years.” John continues his voice shaky. “sherlock holmes, your heart is bigger than your brilliant brain and I’m honored to be one of the few people who has seen and known the real you… That you have let me see… now I don’t know what this means… I don’t know what kind of man that makes me… to not be separated from his wife more than few weeks and now I’m telling you that I have loved you for years” john’s face contorted in a painful expression and he averted his eyes away from sherlock.
“yeah right.” John turned away from him to look back out the window. “and you’re mine… you know after rosie.”
I enjoyed writing this very much. I hope you enjoyed reading it too :)  comments are very appreciated. :)
“… so the cousin and the fiancé are the main suspects for now but…” john thought he had imagined the low groan coming from sherlock’s direction. And he would have ignored it if not for the grimace on sherlock’s face.
“john… wake up it’s okay you’re alright. You’re home.” At this his eyes fluttered open and took a few seconds to find sherlock’s in the room.
John chuckled shakily and slid down carefully pushing his face to sherlock’s side wrapping his arm and legs around him.
After a couple of hours, he gave up on trying to read and grabbed the blanket to make himself more cozy. That was when he heard it. The muffled shout from sherlock’s bedroom.
“two Burmese and a tortoiseshell judging by the cat hairs on your cardigan. A divorcee is more likely to look for a new partner, a widow to fill the void left by her dead husband.” He continued.
Sherlock and john were back in the room alone at last. The doctors were happy with his results. He hadn’t said much since he had woken up. He remembered coming back to London with john and mary and not much afterwards.
John was here to stay...sherlock was over the moon for a moment until he said that he’s here to give mrs. Hudson a break. Like he needed a baby sitter for the night. Like he had enough of a reason to want to get high right now that john was here… not even just for the hours that he had agreed with before but for the whole night.
“just providing data, brother mine.” But he could feel the smile in his voice. “rest for now. I’ll be here for a few hours until mummy and dad arrive.”
“what happened? “ but he already knew. Mary answered anyway..with her both hands pressing sherlock’s wound.
“problem was that they couldn’t take more than four people with themselves. There were more than that injured… so john Watson decided to play god and CHOSE who should be saved.”
“john stop this,” mary said defensively. “ I told you why I had to disappear I was trying to keep you and rosie safe. And if you hadn’t come after me maybe this wouldn’t have happened.” She pointed at Sherlock.
John was hit with a new wave of self-loathing. Of course he was ready to blame sherlock again. Of course he didn’t even think about acknowledging his own part.  God. This could be a disaster all over again. Because john was always ready to jump sherlock’s throat the second everything went to shit. The man was shot… again… because of john.
“I DON’T” john exclaimed. “I don’t….I blamed myself and pretending that it was his fault was just easier than facing it. But I know …I … I get how cruel I was…I’m trying…I’m trying to change.”
John nodded and followed him out the door. Greg walked to grab his coat and phone. “right…I’m off then.”
Finally, he couldn’t keep his eyes open much longer and the second time his eye lids threatened to fall john got up and put his book aside.
“I came to see you” john frowned helping him up the stairs. He still couldn’t find out what was wrong with him.
“john… I thought you were at work. Mary brought rosie to visit me.” He returned his look to her. And he seemed to have succeeded, since john only came in and stood next to Sherlock to watch his sleeping daughter.
“pretending like he needs you here … like you can’t afford to go back to your own life. “mary said her voice rising.
“The security camera.” He explained simply. “That was not taking control of the situation john … not after the first two seconds.”
Mary went pale at john’s words. But john wasn’t done. Everything he had kept bottled up for some time came out rushing.
“tell me this is real.” Sherlock whispered. Like if he talked too loud he would break this illusion, this dream.
How could he put in words that if john left him now he would simply cease to exist? that without him his entire world was colorless and bleak anyways. So instead he just turned around and found his way back to john’s lips. His entire mind was occupied with john. John’s lips... john’s tongue on his. John’s teeth on his lip. John’s hand around his neck on his cheek pushing him gently to the pillow.
hi guys sorry this last bit took so long. I wasn't feeling very good. Anyways... I am really grateful of you for reading this and commenting and sticking with me :) i hope you like the end too.
“what happened john?” he asked firmly. He really wished they could have this conversation some time later but sherlock’s voice left no place for argument.
What was going on with those two? They usually were so easy and warm to each other but now it felt like they had a previous argument that they were both trying to pretend that they hadn’t.
“we will keep him comfortable for now. He still has a high chance of waking up. His wounds seem to be healing on a reasonable pace. “
Sherlock slowly came to from his nap on the sofa. He rubbed his hand on his still aching ribs and opened his eyes. The flat was quiet, he looked around looking for molly but found greg sitting on john’s chair. He must’ve slept longer than he thought.
“shit” someone said quietly. Sherlock was vaguely aware of an unpleasant thought in the back of his head, behind the feeling of the absolute bliss that had spread all over his body. The distant thought was like a bad news that he didn’t want to remember yet. He was too sleepy to grasp on it so he simply tried to slip back to sleep when John quickly untangled himself from the blanket and got up and hurried out the bedroom.
When he stepped into the kitchen john had finished feeding rosie and was cleaning up the table. He looked up and grimaced in apology. “sorry I hope we let you get at least a bit of sleep.”
John slowly snaked his arm around sherlock and held his elbow with his other hand. He hadn’t shaken john’s touches off yet so he figured he’d still be okay with him helping.
Sherlock involuntarily flinched with the memory of fists touching his face and feet kicking his ribs. He inhaled through his nose. No, a beating wouldn’t cause chronic illness. Had john failed to cure him while he was wounded in action? Possible but not probable since people usually believe that their doctors do whatever they can to help them, they trust them.
The depth of his consideration filled sherlock’s chest with warmth. But he tried to keep his feeling from being exposed on his face.
“and then it changed. We were in the cell… and… and he was carving you up. You were screaming and I couldn’t DO anything.” Sherlock was panting again so john continued massaging his head which he had stopped.
and john wanted… he wanted so bad .. it hurt him physically how much he wanted to take a step and gather the man slouched in the chair across from him in his arms, kiss his pain away, love his doubt away. But he was still drunk right now. john didn’t want the first time he kissed sherlock be tainted by alcohol. He wanted them to both remember it … to want it.
“of course … and you will let me. “he said strictly. Sherlock smiled. “I’m not gonna go to work to come see you have starved yourself or fell on your arse trying to reach the books in the top shelves.”
Sherlock’s heart was beating against his throat. He nodded and john’s lips were on his one second later. This kiss felt different than last night. The intensity and hunger in john’s kiss was making electricity spark in sherlock’s heart all through to his feet. John was running his fingers through his curls and pulling him further towards himself. Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from moaning in john’s mouth.
Fortunately, the cab stopped in front of their flat and he had to get out. His arms and legs were shaking by the time he got to the door. John paid the cab and rushed to him with his bag in his one hand and the key in other. Mrs. Hudson greeted them with rosie in her arms and Sherlock thought to himself that he could get used to this.
Not good ... not good... miscalculation... she is cornered and wants revenge before going to jail. Sherlock had underestimated her. Before Sherlock could do or say anything she pulled the trigger. He felt a white hot pain ripping through his shoulder.
“since your deducing skills remain intact, I hope we can assume your brain is undamaged, no more than before I might say. There’s only so many gold fish I can take. “
And when john continued to stare at him confused he continued. “apparently his boyfriend is dead because you didn’t treat him back when you were in the army.”
Sherlock had an odd look on his face. He didn’t know what his expression meant. “can I ask why?” his voice careful.
The shooter. John hadn’t thought about that till now. somebody had shot sherlock in his own home. Their home. He was glad lestrade was already taking him away or john didn’t know what he’d do if he got his hands on him.
“He’s stable for now… we think he has a high chance of pulling through “john let out the breath he was holding. ” although I am worried about the brain damage caused by his excessive blood loss. We need to wait and see on that matter. “
“Vivian Norbury,” Sherlock said.”who outsmarted them all…all except Sherlock holmes” Sherlock couldn’t help but feel a proud of himself. If john was here he probably would’ve called him out but he was still on his way. Sherlock stretched his arm towards her with his palm up to get her gun while he said: “There’s no way out.”
“what?” john asked softly all traces of anger had left him filling him with love and protectiveness.
“just because I couldn’t stay away from sherlock … from baker street…what was I thinking… a child doesn’t belong in the world of a man with this many enemies “
I still don't know if I should add an epilogue or end it here where my boys are snuggly and happy from kissing.
“good that’s good. “sherlock said quietly. “maybe I could help you …. I mean after a while…only if you like…I could help to keep her when you need to work… with Mrs. Hudson nearby of course.”
The food felt like dry bread in john’s throat. Sherlock’s lips pressed in pain would not leave his mind. His slow and careful movements while eating his food. The fact that he had accepted the food without any resisting. John couldn’t help him sit up because he thought the last thing sherlock would want was his arms anywhere near him right now. and nobody would blame him including john.
“no you wouldn’t. My boyfriend is the one who knew dr. Watson in the army.” He said with a slight bitterness to his voice.
“what..” he tried to say. But his throat was scratchy. He swallowed and tried again. “what happened?” john who was a bit alarmed at his laugh, relaxed and brought him a cup with a straw and raised his bed head. Sherlock gratefully accepted.
Sherlock’s wounds had been treated and his vitals were stable but he had not awakened yet. The doctors were still running test. All john could do was to sit there and glare at him thinking maybe he could make him wake up by sheer will.
“then may I ask what? My landlady wouldn’t have let you up if you were a client so you either have told her you’re a relative or a friend. She knows most of our friends so either an old friend or a relative. Which one then?”
Sherlock was sitting in front of him on the coffee table waiting for him to finish his sentence.  He was wearing an old tshirt and a pair of pajamas and his curls were as messy as ever. If he closed his eyes he could still remember the feeling of his lips under his own. He wanted to feel them again… he wanted to feel sherlock alive and breathing against his lips.
“how ..”john’s voice broke. He took a deep breath. He had to do this. “how can you still want this after… want me after… what I did?” john couldn’t continue looking in sherlock’s eyes so he just stared at his lips instead.
“Sherlock.. mate stay with me okay?” john said urgently. Rushing his hand on sherlock’s back Pressing on mary’s already steady hand.
“oh you know me” sherlock said as he walked to rosie and picked her up from her high chair for a morning greeting.” Don’t need much sleep. Good morning Watson. May I have a kiss?” he said to wonder in his arms before she made happy noises and bumped his face to sherlock’s  in an attempt for a kiss.
“she is exceptional. Would you like some tea? “ sherlock didn’t know why he didn’t correct the man’s assumption.
John jostled awake by greg’s voice. “I am now” he said groggily. It was still dark outside the winow. John had fallen asleep on his chair. The book he was reading to Sherlock was now on the floor. John stood up and stretched his back after checking his watch.
It had been a week since john told mary he wanted them to get separated. John had moved his few belongings to the baker street and spent time with rosie as usual while mary found errands to run or friends to see to not be at home during those times. John didn’t know how long they could keep this up but he was surprisingly fine. All he wanted was for the Sherlock to wake up.
He was being released from the hospital today.  John was doing the paperwork. Sherlock had changed when john came back with a wheelchair. Sherlock still couldn’t walk for too long but when he saw the wheelchair he recoiled.
Sherlock’s tearful eyes opened and found john’s in the semi-dark room. He continued panting. But at least the painful expression was going away. He turned on his back with a whimper and stared at the ceiling.
“okay. Alright. I must admit it would be much easier for me and mrs.hudson could look after her if a case came up unexpected. I know she’s not our housekeeper OR babysitter. But I guess…” he trailed off about the practicality of this choice and Sherlock could barely contain his glee. John was coming back and already planning on how he would tag alone with him on cases.
“you’re here.” Sherlock said unable to form any other sentences. John smiled at him like he had hung the sun and the moon.
John didn’t know how to reply to that so he didn’t say anything. After a few minutes’ he grew tired of the silence.
“Mary…” john panted spotting his wife kneeling in the middle of the room.  His heart seemed to stop when he saw who she was kneeling next to. Sherlock was leaning against the stairs skin paler than john had ever seen him clutching his bloody right hand on his shoulder.
He filled another glass of water after finishing his own. Sherlock was the most light-headed middle aged man john knew and if he didn’t hydrate he’d have a royal hangover tomorrow.
John was sitting outside the operation room with his elbows on his knees and head between hands. He had already talked to mrs. Hudson who had held the phone to an oblivious rosie babbling happily at hearing his daddy’s voice. John had covered his mouth to muffle the relief sobs getting out of his throat. Mycroft had been informed and sent agents to ensure the safety of their home. Too little too late but john was still grateful. because he could focus his painful anxiety on only one of his loved ones.
John smiled and turned around to lean on the counter with his mug of tea. Sherlock put rosie back in her chair and went to the fridge trying to ignore the warm feeling in his chest. John’s soft looks and smiles had been warming him for weeks, filling the gaping hole sherlock felt for months after mary’s death. Although he craved for more, he was satisfied with what he had.
“..pets do that or so I’m told. “Sherlock went on ignoring her.” And clearly there’s no one new in your life or you wouldn’t be spending  your Friday nights in an aquarium that accounts for the drink problem too… the slight tremor in your hand, red wine stain ghosting your top lip. So yes I’d say jealousy was your motive after all” norbury finally looked at him with a haunted expression. ” to prove how good you are”
John had a bag of groceries In one hand and took out his ringing phone with difficulty Glancing at the caller name before answering.
Sherlock was already worn out when he started brushing his teeth. His hands were shaking worse than they had during the day, his chest was in agony and the water glass in his left hand wasn’t helping. He spat the last of paste and gurgled one more time. Suddenly he felt like his whole body was on pins and needles. His vison tunneled then he couldn’t see anything past the darkness. He couldn’t hear anything over the thunder in his ears. His knees buckled but he threw his hands on the sink to stop himself from falling.
A chuckle made it through sherlock’s throat. Then he steeled himself to tell mary that he was sorry. It was true. He was. She didn’t need to know what else he felt.
‘dying in my arms.’ He had almost said before he could stop himself. But he couldn’t tell sherlock how he had bled to death in his arms just a few minutes earlier. He also couldn’t tell him that he had kissed him on his lifeless lips for the first time wishing he was dead himself too.
John lifted his head and looked at Sherlock now, he wasn't quite sure he had heard him correctly. Sherlock sighed, "It has always been and will only ever be you John."
“May I get you your usual bottle of wine and garlic bread?”  Sherlock nodded, that would be a wonderful idea.  He’d need a bit of loosening up if he was going to ask John to move back home tonight.
“It’s just this is something I’ve want for so long, in fact dreamt about it.  Wondered if you ever thought about it.  And now here we are, sharing a bed and I just want you to wrap your arms around me and hold me and tell me everything’s going to be fine.”
“Good morning little bee,” he said brightly as he walked in her room and found her standing in her crib holding her favourite blanket.  “Should we get you ready for the day?”  He asked picking her up and taking her to the dressing table.  He pulled out the last outfit that was clean and changed her nappy and got her dressed.  He would suggest to John that they move more of their belongings to Baker Street.
None of them said a word but they were all shocked to watch Sherlock’s handiwork.  He quickly set up all three tents and found some wood for a fire pit for them to keep warm until they decided to turn in for the evening as it was getting dark.
John cleared his throat, “that sounds doable.  I was thinking I’ll have to call a relator to put it on the market.  It’s senseless to keep it if we’re going to be living here.”
Sherlock disappeared into the loo, returning with several towels and the lotion and was surprised to see John stripped down to his pants.
John thought, causing him to chuckle. John kept his mouth shut though. He knew anything he could offer right now would only exacerbate the situation. As long as John had known Sherlock, this should not surprise him. When things got slow, Sherlock would become increasingly mad. If he was
Sherlock smiled down at Rosie and pulled the empty bottle from her mouth.  He smiled and winked at her and quietly whispered, “your daddy said yes!”
John turned and looked at him quizzically, ‘you know, if you want, you can go back to inspecting your slides or whatever it was you were doing before I came back to the flat.”
Ten wonderful years.  So it should not have been surprised when I woke on the morning of my seventeenth birthday to find him missing.  I searched the house top to bottom and the entire snow covered grounds and could not find him.
Of course this had all happened during Christmas break and when we returned to school that Monday, all hell had broken loose and the children were relentless with their teasing and cruel words.  What made it even worse, is the day we returned to was the day of my actual birthday so it was like reliving it all over again.  That morning I had tried to play sick, tried to get out of returning to school but Mummy insisted I go, sighting it was unsuitable behavior for a Holmes’ boy and that I should strive to be more like Mycroft, he’d never had any of these problems growing up.  Well of course he hadn’t.  For all intents and purposes Mycroft had been born an adult and all the children had feared him, even the teachers had been frightened of him.  Alas, one does not argue with Mummy so I begrudgingly got dressed and attended school on that dismal day and it was every bit as bad as I had expected and more.
Sherlock was using this method, because it was the only way he knew how to reach John, through words.  He wrote it all down and waited for John to read it on his own.  John turned and walked back to his bed and settled on it.  He flipped the envelope over and slid his finger under the seal and pulled out the beautifully scripted pages and began to read.
He’d been woken very early by our housekeeper, she was in tears, had trouble recounting the story.  She had been to the market and been bringing in the bags when Redbeard slipped outside and took off after a squirrel.  As many times as she called him, he just wouldn’t return, he loved squirrels and he loved the snow.  The grounds keeper was out, clearing the snow with a small plow from the driveway and never saw Redbeard run in front of him until it was too late.
“Mmm. Sounds good,” Sherlock answered, his mind already immersed in the few facts Lestrade had given him.
“No, no one sent me, I came because I wanted to.  We need to talk, really talk.  I want to come home. If you’ll have me.”  John was concerned about the way Sherlock looked, he had lost weight and hadn’t shaved in who knows how long and there were dark circles under his eyes which meant he hadn’t been sleeping either and by the looks of things, he hasn’t been out of the flat for the four months John was gone.  It was definitely time for John to come home.
He slid half way down Sherlock’s length and then slowly back up to the all the way until he set up a pleasing pace and Sherlock’s fingertips had found their way into John’s short hair scaping his nails lightly over his scalp, causing John to slide down further and spur him on.  Sherlock’s legs dropped open further and John began to play with his balls, massaging them before reaching for the lube and slicking up two of his fingers, rubbing them together until the liquid was warm.
The text was far too convenient for her liking. “Oh look at this, he says he’s out at the moment.” She put on a fake smile.
“It’s a specialty piece actually, new-- line.” Sherlock’s voice cracked as he saw the package, John’s hand inside, touching it.
Sherlock knew he couldn’t hear him; that John was essentially talking to himself. “It was for you John… I was trying to save you. Lestrade and Hudson too.” His heart ached deeply for him, he didn’t think John would be this distraught over his death, why had he ever thought that?
John could hear his flat mate calling for him, he estimated he was just below the floor tiles now and his ankle throbbed painfully. "I'm down here!" He could hear his voice echo but there was no sign that Sherlock had heard him.
“Nothing.” Sherlock slunk his shoulders down and tried to make his face emotionless, John could still see the hint of annoyance.
“I thought about getting motion sensors, but I don’t think Sherlock would want that.” Molly bit at her lower lip.
Lestrade knew who's car that was. He was forced in one a few years back when he first met Sherlock, he had no idea it was simply the man's significantly over protective brother at the time and he thought he would never be seen or heard from again when he got inside. He flinched at the memory.
John quickly kicked off his shoes and climbed next to him. Oh. This was much nicer. Being on relatively equal playing fields made quite a difference. John scooted close, balancing on his hands and knees as Sherlock sat upright. He realized Sherlock was taller then him like this, which he found he rather liked.
How could he tell them what he couldn’t even tell Ella? What he could barely admit to himself? And forever suffer the knowledge that it was too late to tell Sherlock.
Mary pressed her lips into a thin line, “He can’t love you, he has no feelings. John, it’s ok, I know you two haven’t done anything yet, we can still be together.”
Sherlock wanted to run after him, but he knew if he had he would likely miss his chance to find John. He turned back towards the flat, eyes furiously scanning the room mid earth quake.
“Nothing in this world happens unless I want it to happen, you understand that? If Sherlock and his little pet die, it’s because I want them to die.” He slowly stepped closer to Moran. “And if they both live, it’s because I want them to live. Do you understand me?” he was now inches away from the now terrified sniper.
John gingerly took the folder and flipped through it. “Husband was having an affair… didn’t kill her though.” He was still deducing the case as Lestrade noticed a single long pink hair on his shirt.
“You’re in shock,” he turned his head slightly- which only made him more cat like “When you woke up the first thing you did was look at me and panic.” His eyes narrowed and he turned to look for a mirror.
Sherlock grabbed the tufts of grey fur and made his way up the cat, taking John’s hand to make it to the creature’s neck. He positioned himself directly behind John, placing his hands around the shorter man’s waist bringing him closer. John held on to the cat’s collar.
“That’s fantastic! You’ll have to tell me all about him when it’s over!” She beamed, all of the stress instantly released out of John’s shoulders and he found he was grinning ear to ear.
“Hey! Listen, I’m sorry, I don’t know what came over me.” John’s eyes flicked to where the two long appendages were hanging awkwardly from the bottom of Sherlock’s shirt. “We’re going to figure this out.” When he got no reply, he looked back up to his friend’s eyes. Black. Shit.
Sherlock leaned uncomfortably close to John’s face. The shorter man was to stiff with surprise to lean back away from the sociopath.
“Right, well, good job Sherlock” Lestrade liked to stand back out of the way of Holme’s insults as he analyzed the scene.
Sherlock hadn’t responded to him though. He couldn’t. Because Mycroft had already done something utterly impossible.
“Right, I’m going to go home and pretend I didn’t see or hear any of this, but one of you better explain what’s going on with your head soon.” ‘
John gathered the case files up and stood, ready to leave. Lestrade noticeably relaxed. Yup, something was up. John looked at him again, trying his best to seem casual.
He could also move small objects a tiny amount, it wasn’t nearly enough for anyone to noticed, but with practice he figured he could move up to larger items and moving things further, maybe even picking something up entirely.
The cab stopped and both men got out, John clenched his fist and avoided eye contact with Sherlock as he had to pull his wallet out his sparkly silver purse to pay the cabbie. His eyes were still downcast as he strode up to the door of 221B and said in a low voice “Not a word of this to anyone.”
John could feel a boney clavicle, the indent of where neck met shoulder, and a thin arm before pulling away.
“I didn’t want him to either. Look what that got me.” John made a gallant stride towards the ledge but he was no match for tranquilizer Mycroft shot him with.
“I made Sherlock swear to me that he would tell you he was alright as soon as he could. He promised he would, that he knew you would be mad and he deserved to be yelled at, but that it would only be an hour- two at most before you found out. It was the only reason I didn’t call to warn you first. John, I’m so sorry! I should have stopped him! There must have been another way.”
No one outside of Sherlock would understand these two items and what they meant, John realized. It didn’t matter. John was beyond what ordinary people thought now.
“Of course not, I use my brain.” Sherlock stood back on the tips of his toes against the pocket seam to look out, he could see the lake just a few feet away and… something else… Lestrade was just standing outside discussing the crime scene with someone on the police force, he was mere inches from an outdoor table and chairs. “John, lift me up a bit?”
Harry cringed at the light pattering of footsteps approaching on the cement floor. She could see now that the floor beneath her was stained red. She could couldn’t help it as her breathing became labored and louder, heart rate speeding up.
The DI blinked. Perhaps he knocked it loose from trying to force the handle. He wasn’t about to question it either way as he finally made it inside.
Lestrade was surprised to see Mycroft was still in the flat sitting in a chair with his umbrella by the time he had arrived with forensics.
For the briefest of moments John’s eyes wandered over the webpage, pupils growing larger, Sherlock too it in as his smile deepened into something else. “No- I don’t um…”
That Friday John came home to the baritone from his speakers apparently talking to no one. He stepped in quietly listening as Sherlock ranted about his classes and how boring they were and how much he hated his brother.
John swallowed, “Yea… thanks for that. You might have dyed your skin you realize? Might have to wait for the first layer to die off. And your hair…”
“It was in a fire- Why am I arguing? Sherlock, what the hell happened, why are you so small?” Lestrade was exasperated from stress for the night.
The brief moment of panic was enough for John. “I could be stuck like this then…” he went quiet and looked down at the scarf he had nestled himself into, missing Sherlock’s watering eyes.
As if it would somehow be there, Lestrade looked. Gone. This was definitely a bad sign. But he couldn’t figure how someone could have gotten past them. “Come on, lets keep looking.”
John swallowed before kneeling down near the body. “Asphyxia. There’s a blue fiber on his mouth, it matches the pillow on the bed. The body was staged, there would have been sign of a struggle but his arms are down by his sides.”
“A few days ago, I was looking for a team up- that’s when two or more people decide to play together in the game- and he let me into his server.”
John looked over the ledge of the shelf. It was a long ways down for someone his size, but he had often seen jars like the one he was in fall with minimal damage. Food jars were often made with kids and accidents in mind, eventually being made of safer glass. That didn’t mean that the jar wouldn’t shatter of course. John weighed his options.
The attacker swallowed, looking at his two unconscious allies lying on the ground, but he knew he would be skinned alive if he didn’t relay the message. “Boss wants you to work for him. Said you’d be a good sniper.”
Sherlock’s brows furrowed a bit in anger for a moment, “Yes… he was… a former /friend/. He was driving us down town to meet someone who had promised he could give us…” he flicked his eyes away from John again. This was far from easy. “…the best high of our lives.”
John briefly wondered if there was a new article about him “Confirmed Bachelor Dr. Watson Attempts Suicide After Loss of Fake Genius Partner.” What did it matter?
“You’ll never feel the same for me,” he whispered to the empty room before closing his eyes again and letting sleep take him.
“Shit, Sherlock, must be vertigo…” He looked back at the night stand but saw now that the glass he had left for Sherlock had apparently broke. “Stay here, I’ll get you something to drink. I’ll be right back.” He smoothed down Sherlock’s hair for a moment in a calming way before reluctantly tearing himself away to grab a new glass.
“Shit! Sorry about that,” Greg quickly got up and tried to clean the mess. Bits of ceramic every where. “You alright?” He couldn’t help but notice John not responding.
“Warn me whenever possible, and don’t do anything to me if it will affect my life outside this flat.” John’s voice was very stern.
Sherlock was restless inside of Molly’s mesh black purse, there she was, the woman they had been looking for hiding in plain site from the very beginning and he could hardly do a thing about it.
“John drugged me against my will.” Sherlock stated, “So you can just blame him. John, take me home, I want you to pet me again.”
Mycroft had leaned down to look at John but backed off after his brother’s outburst. “I really still thought this was some grand hoax…”
John’s eyes widened instantly, perhaps it wasn’t too late to click out and pretend he hadn’t see it. But in the corner of the screen he caught Sherlock staring at him with a perplexed expression.
“Shit. I’m sorry- I didn’t think that-“ John was cut off as he was swooped up in Sherlock’s hands and violently attacked by his plush lips landing chaste kisses all of his body.
Mycroft rolled his eyes now believing this to be a waist of his time as he previously suspected. "I'm sure he does." His voice was sarcastic.
“It may be a few days before its passed,” John idly washed the dishes as Sherlock stewed in misery at the kitchen table, grunting in response.
“They do little else, and I do my best to make you look sane if it really means that much to you. Although…”
“Oi, fine. John,” he took him aside for a moment, “If he’s forcing you to do anything against your will tell someone yea?”
“What do you mean by both…” Lestrade stopped short when he realized why exactly Sherlock’s clothes would be in an empty warehouse but not him.
He lined the sleeping pills up and inhaled deeply. He wasn’t sure how many over the recommended amount would do the job, so decided to take as many as he could while he was still conscious. On the fifteenth pill the door to the flat burst open. John was too out of it by then to make out who everyone was, just that the man who grabbed him by his shoulders shouting at him bore a striking resemblance to Mycroft. But Mycroft didn’t care, how could he?
