You love him too. You do. You love him for all that he is and all that he is not. You love his rough edges and his flaws. And it isn’t until this moment that you finally realize just how in love with him you really are.
Sure, Tony still picked pointless fights and the blonde found himself falling for it every time. Sometimes he wondered if the smaller man only did so after finding out just how good the makeup sex could be but Steve wasn't really complaining about that part. And the genius did spend a little too much time in his workshop, rarely got enough sleep and, on some days, sustained himself on nothing but caffeine and willpower.  Steve could handle all that, it wasn’t like he didn’t know what he was getting into. He knew that Tony could be stubborn and willful, that he didn’t like to compromise, that he had a hard time showing emotion and hated to be vulnerable but slowly, the brunette was opening up to him. And every time Steve got a little closer to the man, it felt like a victory.
Tony hated that there was something he didn’t know, couldn’t fully understand. Maybe it would be nice to find a soulmate but honestly he could live without one. Tony knew he didn’t need anyone else to make him whole. Sometimes it was a lonely life but there was never a shortage of people willing to offer a little comfort now and then, only on the really bad days.
“I mean, I might have told you I loved you.” His eyes meet yours again and your mouth goes dry but it’s unclear if it’s because of the sore throat or the intensity of his stare.
Turning your head comes with great effort and you realize just how stiff all your joints feel. Maybe just the effects of aging or maybe you’ve been out for longer than your realize. You see the blonde hair first. He’s pulled up as close to the hospital bed as his knees will allow. His arms are crossed on the bed rail with his head resting on them. He can’t possibly be comfortable but exhaustion seems to have won out.
The quiet between you doesn’t feel awkward but it does feel charged with something you can’t quite name. Your hand in his feels a little too natural. You try to slip it out oh his grasp but to your surprise, he grips tighter. Your eyes snap up to meet his, crystal sky blue that you realize how easily your could lose yourself in. If you let yourself do those kind of things.
Tony woke as he always did, stretching the ache out of his limbs, slightly annoyed, craving a cup or a bucket of strong coffee and once the sleep was rubbed from his eyes, they opened to a world of black and white. The clock blared at him from the bedside table, 7 am was much too early to wake especially when you'd only stumbled into bed at a quarter past 3 but it would be far from the first time that he didn’t get the recommended 6-8 hours. Merely a suggestion anyway. He swung his legs over the edge of the bed before forcefully slamming his hand down on the offending alarm clock, happy once the god forsaken buzzing had stopped. He sighed heavily at the thought of another busy day, lately it was just one day after another of going through the motions. But there wasn’t time for any introspection or, more likely in his case, self-loathing at the moment because if he didn't make it to the first SI meeting of the morning, Pepper had promised bodily harm. He’d rather stay on her good side, or at least her neutral side.
“I don’t ask you for much, Tony. Could you please at least pretend to pay attention for the very infrequent meetings that I ask you to attend?”
I’m sorry this took so long especially cause it’s kinda boring. I promise it will get more interesting soon and since I’ll be more motivated to write the more interesting parts, hopefully the updates will come quicker. Just stick with me. Thanks. ❤️
“Someone had to stop you or we would have been here all day. It’s not personal, Stark, just wanted to bring some order in.”
The gun shots sound as soon as your feet hit the pavement and your hackles raise immediately. You search for the shooter but in another second, it’s the furthest thing from your mind. Because the man who was just walking by your side, talking a mile a minute, is silent. And falling to the ground. You snap back to reality and catch him just before he hits. Every other thought besides the utter need to get the other man to safety vacates your head as you drag him back into the building.
And then it happens. So fast. The ambulance is there. They sweep him away from you. Place him on a stretcher, start CPR, attend to his wounds the best they can. They start to leave with him and only then do you find your feet. Jumping to follow as they wheel him to the waiting vehicle.
It was as normal morning as any. You met just inside the door, extending your hand with the coffee. He took it with only a seconds hesitation, he let you hand him things now from time to time.
And nothing in your vast genius can explain him actually taking your hand as he sits back down. Maybe he feels sorry for your or something equally as pitiful but the warmth from his hand around yours is comforting. And you’ll take it, no matter the why.
“Just one more thing. Don’t ever compare me to my father. He wished to be half as good at anything as I am.” Before Steve could respond, he was exiting the room, “God rest his soul.” He tossed over his shoulder, sarcastically, before leaving the room completely with Bruce at his heels.
But then you realize the pain in your chest is increasing. You place your free hand against it and his eyes fill with worry. Your own eyes narrow as the pain ramps up even further, your mouth opens but nothing comes out. Your heart monitor is going wild and you hear, rather than see the commotion as the staff rush into the room.
It happens so fast. Like a blink, a breath, a fraction of a second. You don’t see it coming. How could you? Unexpected. And fast, so fucking fast. And just like that. In nothing more than a moment. A life is changed forever.
People are starting to gather. You don’t blame them. It must be a sight. He moves closer now and pulls you into his lap. You feel yourself shaking and the temperature feels like it’s dropping. The warmth emitting from him is a comfort and your let yourself sink into him.
Evening is on its way, but there’s light enough to work by. Tony pulls out the armor gauntlet he’s packed and spends a blissfully carefree while tinkering with the wires inside. He checks the main fuel canister, then the spares. They’re all full up, which is good news for all his plans except having a back that doesn’t ache from lugging the weight around. When the sun sets behind him, he takes out his hoofpick and cleans Apple’s hooves, not that she needs it.
it.” Steve takes a long breath, as if to steady himself. It fails to diminish the ferocity of his stance or the hostility in his voice. “Who else has that code?”
With a garbage can lid or a prop as your shield, you feel it when someone hits you. The impact of the blow is distributed, but all the force is still there, exploding across your arm, into your shoulder and chest; Tony could explain how it worked, all the equations behind it, the tensile strength of the metals, the alloys involved, the angles and tangents.
“You had two coffees at the diner and a coffee shake at Harold’s. It’s a hot chocolate, which has plenty of caffeine already.”
A SHIELD team, the Mighty Avengers, and the Secret Avengers converge on a Skrull ship that’s crashed in the Savage Land. It’s an eerie echo of when the New Avengers came here; they’re even close to where Tony landed the Quinjet that day, only for it to get smashed by a Tyrannosaurus rex. Steve wouldn’t have expected the memory to be one he’d look back on with fondness.
This is the third date he’s had with Steve—Tony thinks it’s a date, anyway. They share onion rings and fries, Steve with a little white paper tub of mayonnaise, Tony with a perfect blend of ketchup and hot sauce on his now-empty salad plate, the two of them arguing over the other’s condiment choices even as they reach across the table to use them. Steve inhales the second basket of fries, licking mayo, ketchup, and hot sauce off the fingers of one hand as he uses the other to show Tony photos of Edward Hopper paintings on his smartphone.
What started out as a welcome thought lurches and stutters in his mind as Tony imagines regaining consciousness to find his body littered with marks and stains he can’t remember Steve leaving on him. He pictures waking with blood running down the inside of his leg, with bruises in the back of his throat, with handprints on his skin, and not recognizing the violence done to him.
Reed speaks as a character witness for him; Steve’s surprised Reed even knew the trial was happening.
“Right. Steve.” Finally they’re getting back on track. “Is he a flowers guy? Not that I think he’d feel, like, emasculated by flowers, just, would he like them? Or chocolates maybe? Or something that’s not so consumable, jewelry maybe, or is that—hm, or would gifts make him feel weird, like, obligated, you two grew up in the Depression, right, so—”
He doesn’t want to talk. He should do it anyway, but he can’t explain any of it to Sam, not when Sam still sees Tony as an enemy.
The harder he strikes, the sooner this will all be over. Tony fires every repulsor he’s got, dealing 965 damage to the target, plus 69 for each Team Iron Man Escalation tile on the board. If the target is a member of Team Cap, deals 78 damage per tile. If the target is Captain America himself, deals 102 per tile.
When he sees an arsenic-green cloud rising over the dam, Tony entertains the idea that he and Red Wolf might live through the day. Though he suspects Bruce and Missus Barnes haven’t.
my perspective is that you work well together as a two-person team. your skills and assets complement each other and give you the resources to face a wider variety of foes than either of you could take on alone
“It’s okay,” Steve says, wishing he could articulate what he was feeling. How grateful he is that Tony is sharing any of this with him.
What follows is pandemonium. Steve thinks his brains have turned to tree sap trying to twig what’s happening.
Too real, Steve thinks but doesn’t say out loud. Of course it has. Where does that leave him now? And that word.
“Right, because I can give you something no one else in this city would try to pay you to give.” Like Tony has ever failed to remind him how he fails to live up to much more eager partners.
Without turning from his drink, Stark says, "Oh, why, hello there, Sheriff. I guess you have nuthin’ better to do but infringe on my constitutional right to pursue happiness."
“You don’t have to say I know what happened or that you told me anything, just that I came by to—to hang out, or” —he’s realizing as he says it that
Converts a chosen basic yellow tile into a 2-turn Countdown tile, then stuns the target. The target remains stunned as long as the countdown tile is on the board. The tile deals 240 damage when it reaches 1 and 510 damage when it reaches 0.
“Don’t pretend you don’t love my singin’ voice, Sheriff. What’ll I serenade you with tonight? How ‘bout ‘Down in the Valley’?”
Tony’s words echo Steve’s own thoughts so closely he doesn’t know whether to be impressed or unnerved. “I was wrong.”
That’s how Ensign Sindrison finds them. He doesn’t seem surprised that they’re both going right back to when and where they left. In fact, when they step into the room containing the device, there’s already a portal already formed. A dozen or more mechanical arms with funnel-shaped metal at the ends are pointed at the center of the room, beams of light and energy shooting out, the portal forming where they all intersect.
No. How dare the Skrull say his name. This isn’t Tony. Steve’s double doesn’t get to pretend at Steve’s grief.
Tony doesn’t move. He’s not sure his body can feel worse than it already does. Steve’s going to hurt him. Steve’s going to touch him. Screaming, crying, begging. Acquiescing. It doesn’t make a difference.
“Don’t make me regret it!” Jan calls over her shoulder as she heads back inside. The doors slide shut with a woosh.
Tony’s been cooped up in the tallest tower of Doom Manor for nigh on three nights and he’s feeling not a small bit like he’s in a Mary Shelley novel or a fairy story about a prince turned into a horrible beast. At least Tony has, unlike the heroes of those stories, made his arcane bargain with full knowledge of the consequences.
“I want. I just. I care about you, alright, and I, I always say the wrong thing, and do the wrong thing, and now I’ve done the worst, and—”
They’re interrupted before the second word is out of their mouth. “Sounds like Hell in a Handbasket is the way to play it.”
“Stark,” comes Spencer’s gruff voice the moment Tony answers the call incoming on the Leverage line. “We got your payment.”
When night falls, Steve stands on the deck of the helicarrier, accompanied only by a brisk wind and agents standing silently at their stations. He looks up to a sky dimmed by smog and light pollution—only a fraction as many stars visible as when he stared out the window of his freezing tenement, reading by the light of a neon sign. It had only been a handful of short months later that Steve was transformed into Captain America.
“Look. You can’t see from my perspective because it’s predicated on the premise that superheroes don’t make mistakes. And you’re Captain America.” Tony meets Steve’s eyes. “You don’t make mistakes.”
Tony coughs. “Hey, so: in the interest of, um, honesty, full disclosure, all of that. He’s also my ex.”
The next four sections retell a good chunk of canon from Tony’s point of view. I’ve included almost all of his canon dialogue because it sets up later parts of the story. The canon major character death is not described in any detail. (And this story will fix it.)
Steve groans into his hands. He’s hunched over a desk in the common room of Avenger’s Dorm, where the subject of their conversation is unlikely to appear. “If I’d gotten up I would’ve woken Tony.” Also, he’d been a little bit frozen by panic, but he’s not going to say that.
much worse, himself, to Tony. Tony entertains the thought that this is what Steve is hung up on—misplaced guilt over their past fights and fear of repeating them now if Tony learns why he did whatever he did—then discards it.
Tony laughs, delighted. “Well, maybe not. But I have fond memories, let’s say.” He’s holding a collar now, a narrow band of metal with four D-rings evenly spaced around it. “Being in love with you wasn’t
Steve’s house is like a dollhouse made life-size, frosted in bric-a-brac and slightly out of scale with the country road and oak-strewn hillside that surround it. Despite being as empty as an Edward Hopper painting, it’s a warm refuge of hardwood and creaking stairs.
The bulb inside the apparatus lights up, though the filament long since burned out. “Here is your 'vision of the future' courtesy of the world's greatest inventor—Tony Stark!” says a little wax cylinder on a turntable, followed by the sound of the machine spitting out a slip of paper.
Steve rests his hand over his dog tags, his fingers curling around the metal. Tony wants a reason to believe him, Steve wants to show Tony what he means to him, and this will have to do. It’s too revealing, but—it’s all he has.
Then Loki showed up, and even though she hadn’t been invited there was plenty of bread and cheese and crudités to go around. Steve had still been harboring unformed hopes about how the rest of the evening might go, but Loki’s arrival finally put them to rest.
Not that he’d even thought of having a plan, not like Sam means, not for—confessing to Tony. He accepts that anything like that between them is the furthest thing from Tony’s mind. This acceptance was the final push he needed to give in and ask Tony for the toy. Steve needs to let go of any hope of impressing him.
“What’s weird is that Otto only moved here a couple weeks ago, and you keep insisting he’s been running the diner for months.”
“Yeah, yeah, you’re screwing each other, we know,” Spencer interjects. “The whole world knows, you can stop talking about it. Debrief over.”
“Well Mister Wormseed, as an interested party, financially speaking, what endeavors did you and Mister Honton have in common?”
He keeps talking. Some of it is probably bullshit; he’s not thinking about what he’s saying even as he says it. What he needs to say next will obliterate any faith in him Steve might’ve one day regained, but it could be what makes him understand. At its core, this is about protecting people. Surely Tony can show him that that’s where he’s coming from.
Steve’s eyes landed on Natasha’s across the dining table. “I keep saying the opposite of what I’m trying to say.”
He recognizes that it’s a kind of magical thinking, feeling closer to Tony because he has something he built out of his armor, like using someone’s blood to cast a spell on them, or a lock of their hair to locate them.
I didn’t write these riddles. And I think Tony’s last one is more of a logic puzzle. But his opponent accepted it, and I think that’s what counts.
He gives no sign of seeing Steve as he steps closer. It’s like walking into a windstorm, tousling his hair and clothes and swirling into an almost solid barrier around Tony’s body. Almost.
The clack of Alicia’s heels on the tile send a chill up Tony’s spine. “The kitchen,” he says, like it isn’t self-evident, eyes darting to where she’s standing, tapping a note on her tablet. Every time he looks over at her, he expects to see something—someone?—different.
He wishes he knew a magic incantation to let him trade places with the Tony Stark who'd drunk himself unconscious the night before Steve died. A sober Tony Stark might've gotten himself between Steve and Lester's bullet. The drunk one would be standing here now, in what's left of Pym's shop, taking in the sight of Virgle’s bloody, charred body through a haze of whiskey and rapidly fading consciousness.
There’s a photo of an old Avengers lineup still hanging inside. It’s remarkably intact. A single crack in the glass. Giving it his attention is a sufficient excuse for him to keep his back to Tony’s approaching footsteps. “I make mistakes,” Steve says. He expects his voice to be heavy with sorrow. Instead it’s low and grim and too revealing.
Steve looks back and sees the hellmouth is shut, the eyes above it falling closed as it sinks beneath the sand.
On the fourth day, Tony fights through the haze of drugs and pushes himself to his feet. He collapses from pain seconds later, and hours later Steve finds him groaning on the floor. He hauls Tony up, tosses him on the bed, and beats him with his belt until the marks from the knife and cane are red and raised once more, and Tony bleeds with fresh cuts.
“Tomorrow night.” Steve scrubs the heels of his hands over his eyes and pushes himself to sit upright. “We’re hanging out at the Tower. Going to watch more Star Trek.”
They try seaweeds from a binary star system ten light-years away, the fried breast of an animal whose similarity to any creature on earth ends at the word “feathers,” the antler of a grazing animal bred to live on space stations. There’s a soup containing an ingredient from every species in United Space, pastries folded like origami, and saffron-yellow insects they eat whole. Dessert is some kind of egg custard, served in corresponding molecularly-3D-printed eggshells a quarter-inch thick and swirled with color like marbled paper.
Lieutenant Gonzales shakes her head. “It could. That sort of thing has the potential to, that is. But it hasn’t.”
Steve’s hearing had improved after Rebirth, of course, and now he also knows some of Natasha’s techniques for maintaining at least a low-level awareness of what other people are doing and saying even while focusing on something else. And, well, he’s already been more aware of Tony than he should be—of his presence, his voice, the way his smile quirks up on one side, the dexterous way he moves the fingers of the gauntlet, the way he seems to light up from the inside when he’s talking about his tech. So deciding to track Tony more consciously—for his health, obviously for his health, so that he could help in time, if Tony’s hurt again—shouldn’t be much of a change at all.
“Not a chance,” Tony replies. The tea is jasmine, and better than he would’ve thought would be available this far west.
one or the other. Natasha was not ready to fully accept that the implication of James' question was entirely true, but the tone in which he uttered the words was so convincingly lost and broken that she assessed him as being either truthful or one of the most impressive liars she had ever encountered.
“What are you doing,” Steve says. His hostility is tangible. Tony can taste it: bitter quinine and sour lime. “Tony, what the
“Y’know what’s sad? That’s actually perfect. Dude’s so desperate to be considered useful, he’ll thank you for the chance to do something he knows you want.”
Steve steps out of his office to retrieve a tablet he left behind after a meeting. It’s late; the only people he encounters on his way to the long-empty conference room are agents at their posts.
“It’s not actually moving, he’s fine,” she rushes to add. “It’s a phantom pain sort of thing, I think. He won’t really talk about it, even to me.”
The thing is: that’s not all he’s hiding. Tony can tell. Steve’s better at lying than Tony remembers him ever being, but Tony knows his tells. And Tony, thanks to Steve, has nothing to do but sit, and wait; lie down, and think about Steve, pace around Steve’s room, and wait. For Steve.
At last Steve finishes, his come spurting across Tony’s ass and lower back, the strangled sound he makes loud in Tony’s ear. For a moment he stands there, as if to catch his breath, listening to Tony hold back sobs. He dips a finger into his rapidly cooling come, swirling it, then bringing a dollop of it to Tony’s lips. Tony clamps his mouth shut, but Steve pushes in anyway.
Tony froze, wide-eyed, heart racing. He knew what he wanted this to mean. He couldn’t think of what else it possibly could. But it had to mean something else. Tony couldn’t be—it made sense, Tony having Steve’s mark and Steve not having his—but Steve folded the sleeve of his uniform back, and then his hand went to the cuff around his wrist, and there was Tony’s name, written into his skin.
The sixth day of his trip, the temperature rises to nearly 90F. The restaurant attached to the inn is little more than a glorified covered patio, and his waitress spends the whole morning apologizing for the heat. He finishes his omelette and walks out to the beach. It’s packed, and no one is dressed like a local.
Tony, naked and honey-colored in the morning sun, takes hold of Steve’s chin and kisses him languorously. Steve closes his eyes and lets himself kiss back. Today Tony tastes like Irish coffee.
It’s snowing. Snowflakes fall from the sky, drift up from the ground, fly back and forth. Tony stumbles with vertigo, his vision going gray at the edges.
in the handful of years since the valley's settlement, in a valley so far from shipping hubs, big cities, or really any non-Native civilization at all
The fridge was impressive, sure. It gleamed and—like most of the things in Stark Tower—was comprised a lot of polished metal and glass. He’d loved seeing Tony’s excitement as he explained about the different temperature controls for hard cheeses versus soft ones versus fresh ones. And the Gruyère and the sheep’s milk brie really had been delicious. To this day, Steve’s not sure whether Tony had been joking about sending one robot to San Francisco for sourdough and another to Paris for baguette, but he’d managed to enjoy the food and company, mostly.
Maria Hill cuts across the grass toward them, moving briskly. The snow comes heavier, great clumps of it catching on their hair and skin, on their bare fingers—if it’s not August, what month is it?—and Tony’s weightless and falling, Steve clinging to him, the pavement heaving and undulating like a storm at sea. The park is full of people, all of them lurching and stumbling, like they can’t trust the ground beneath their feet. Brian is one of them, walking so close to Hill that he practically body-checks her as he brushes past. Alicia is there too, and the guys from the bowling alley, and Otto from the diner—Alicia’s hair is black, snarled with snowflakes, her face obscured by a golden mask—
So he’d left early and headed back to the Avengers Dorm to spend some quality time with a punching bag. A reinforced, supersoldier-proof—and it was, Hulk and Carol had tested the prototypes—punching bag designed by Tony Stark. Even at home, he couldn’t—still can’t—escape being reminded of Tony.
Steve chuckles and directs his attention entirely to Sam and the pool table. He’s lining up his shot when it happens—on the other side of the room, Tony is crouched on the checkered dance floor, his head between his knees. Jan is curled protectively over him, grasping his hands. The sound in the room shifts, like a radio station has been abruptly changed, the laughter and yelling over the music giving way to the distinctive cadence of gossip.
distraction,” Tony insists. “I was being very practical-minded, definitely only thinking of the success of this con.”
In the morning, Tony’s head is nearly clear. He tugs Steve to the edge of the bed and then sinks to his knees and takes Steve in his mouth. Steve holds Tony by the back of the neck. Tony’s not sure what makes it feel possessive. And hasn’t he always wanted to belong to Steve?
He has to say something. Nothing that might make Tony feel guilty, that could inspire him to pity. Steve stops pacing and turns to Tony, who is sitting up straight and staring back.
In which Steve enjoys his new toy and Tony... also enjoys Steve's new toy? In a manner of speaking? Also featuring: the role of Captain America; Friday attempting to be helpful; and improvements to Tony's prosthetic arm, but not the improvements to the nanite network he really needs.
He shook hands with the them, as formal introductions were made, one by one. First a quiet Clint Barton, than large and loud Thor Odinson, followed by the nervous looking Bruce Banner, stoic Natasha Romanoff and finally he reached his hand out to the one and only, Tony Stark.
“Wait.” This time it was Steve doing the interrupting, “What do you mean people don’t put stock in it? Finding your soulmate is a huge thing, it’s special, important. And being mismatched, it’s rough. It’s ok if you’re upset, I mean I would understand-“ Steve went silent as the other man rolled his eyes exaggeratedly and sighed deeply. Definitely not the response he expected.
“What?” Steve asked, only slightly too defensively. Tony only seemed to shake himself out of whatever trance he was in at the sound of Steve’s voice.
"Steven Grant Rogers. If America only knew the you spent your free time drawing your boyfriend's co-"
A moment. It only took one single moment. And a life is changed. But not just his life. Your life. The life of everyone who knows him. Who loves him. So many lives laid to waste by a sudden act of violence. The thought is enough to make you dizzy. It hasn’t been this hard to breath since the last asthma attack you had. All those years ago.
And then he’s laughing and you are too. It starts a little too loud, a little too manic but it slows quickly into a quiet chuckle and then silence.
At first, he thought it was because he tried to do so in public and maybe Tony wasn’t quite ready for all that. However, that theory was put to rest when Tony laid one on him at a press conference, grabbing his face and kissing him soundly as the cameras flashed around him. This was done after stating that he was going to put the “Who’s Dating Captain America?” rumors to bed once and for all. So, that wasn’t the problem.
You could lie. You’re a very good liar. You’ve had years of practice. A lifetime of denying feelings or making them up to get what you want. But his bright, azure eyes are so open and pleading, you’re not sure you could lie, even if you wanted to.
You crouch beside him, his eyes are closed but he seems to sense your presence and they open. He smiles? It’s tiny but it’s there.
A plea. A quiet prayer to anyone or anything that may be listening. Don’t let this be your last moment with him. Don’t let him go without him knowing.
“Ok Stark, maybe you could give the Director a chance to fully explain the situation without interruption. Just for a few minutes.” The rest of Tony’s sentence died on his tongue and the look he pointed in Steve’s direction was pure disdain but Fury looked grateful. Steve ignored the glare that was burning into the side of his face as he turned his attention to the director.
“How long?” You manage to croak our although you know now it was much more than just a couple hours.
“Are you kidding me!? I could kiss you right now. This is perfect. It’s- it’s just perfect.” And now Steve was well and truly confused but before he could open his mouth, Fury was calling them to attention. Tony patted his shoulder in a much too familiar way, still grinning like the cat who caught the canary. “Don’t worry, Cap, we can talk after.”
You adjust the glasses on your face as you enter the elevator. He'll be early, of course, he always is, but you're ready for him this time. J told you that he left the building earlier and you knew exactly why. It's silly really, to feel this way about a cup of coffee. He's always up early anyway. By the time you've entered the land of the living, he's done with his workout, showered and dressed and back out the door.
Panic is starting to win, it all feels a little off but a little too familiar. You’re used to the pressure in your chest, it never really went away. But the pain you feel now, it’s too fresh, too present, too urgent to ignore. Your muster all the will you have left to force your eyes to open, cursing silently the entire time.
And the potential teammates? A alien God, an archer/spy/assassin and a American Icon who had apparently been frozen for the past 70 years? This had disaster written all over it.
You’re used to it by now. It used to make you bristle, the way he never seemed to be appreciative of anything. You know better now. He says thank you in other ways. Not in words but in gestures. You're used to his casual sarcasm and constant joking and sometimes you even laugh along. So you smile and shake your head and walk out the door, side by side.
“Six days.” He answers quickly, “It was touch and go at first. They did two surgeries. You died, Tony. You died for 4 minutes.” He’s quiet for a minute and turns his head, why, you’re not sure. He looks back after a moment.
You could definitely pass it off as a moment of panic, you were dying after all. Dying people say and do crazy things, do they not? But, you turn to look at him again, why is he here? You’d expect Rhodey or Pepper, maybe even Nat but Steve would be the last person you’d expect to hold vigil at your bedside.
“Look Cap, it’s going to take some time for you to get used to the world today but I guarantee you more people are more in line with my way of thinking. People settle much more often, they don’t waste their lives trying to find their soulmate. Not to mention the people who sever their bonds, happens all the time. Really, I couldn’t care less about finding a soulmate, all I wanted was to see color. And honestly, being mismatched? It’s all I could ever hope for. I get what I wanted without being tied down to a stranger, without feeling like I have to try and make a relationship work with someone I don’t even know. And let’s face it, this-“ he gestured between himself and Steve, “seems like an match made in hell.”
Tony and Pepper had been dating for a few months when his driver and friend, Happy, had helped her into the car and placed a casual hand on her elbow. And that was it. Tony knew the moment they looked at each other that something had changed. He should have been more concerned but all he could really think was how he couldn’t believe that had never touched in all the time they knew each other. Odd, really.
"Your hands are amazing. They create things most people can't even dream of, they save people both in and out of the suit, they make miracles happen and there's a lot of other things they do that are truly enjoyable." Steve said earning a playful smile from the brunette, "I always want to hold your hand, ok? Well, maybe not always but a lot. I love them, scars and all." Tony took advantage of the fact that his hands were still cupping Steve's face to pull him in for a kiss until they were both breathless.
His eyes go wide when you say this and you realize then just how ridiculous it must seem. You trying to comfort him while you’re literally bleeding out on the floor of the lobby of the building you own. It’s ironic really, all the security that money could buy, take a step out the door and get mowed down.
You feel him brush a stray piece of hair from across your forehead and shiver under his touch. Everything seems a little out of focus, his face blurring around the edges. But still so beautiful. It’s an effort but you manage to reach up and brush the tear from his cheek. You can’t help but notice the steak of blood it leaves behind.
You internally wince because of course you do but you had hoped he would give you a pass and not bring it up. No such luck.
But he couldn’t see color and it infuriated him. There had been multiple pairs of glasses, countless contact lenses, every gadget and device Tony could think of and on one occasion, a laser. Thankfully Bruce has put a stop to that one before the stubborn, idiot, genius could blind himself.
His tone is joking but he sputters after he says this and coughs up a little blood. What the fuck is taking the ambulance so long? You probably could have ran him to the hospital by now.
You hear his voice as he shouts instructions to the people milling around. Full Cap mode is what you would normally call it. You let your eyes close for a moment and try to focus on just his voice and not on how panicked he sounds. And then you hear him crouch down beside you so you force yourself to open your eyes and try to focus on him.
"I'm always up for modeling, if you're interested." Tony said with a suggestive quirk of his eyebrows.
You calm a little more. If he’s singing, he’s still breathing. You’ll humor him, go along with it. You stare down at him, feeling the familiar fondness tugging at your heart. God, you love him. You’ve never said it. Some days you act like you don’t even like him. But you love him, you do.
You’re struck with the sudden want to reach out your hand and touch. You want to run your fingers through his golden hair but you stop yourself. Instead you tap his shoulder softly, his head snaps up quicker than you expect and you jump as well.
But when you open your eyes, you’re in a sterile, white hospital room, not a dark, dank cave. You’re attached to monitors and IVs, not a car battery. And Yinsen isn’t there but someone is, you realize by the gentle breathing you hear to your left.
You’re not sure how long you’ve been out, just that your chest hurts in a way it hasn’t since that first day in Afghanistan. All you really know right now is that the incessant beeping is slowly driving you insane. You try to open your eyes but your eyelids feel much to heavy. You will your limbs to move but they don’t seem to be listening at the moment either. You let out a groan but you’re not sure if it was only in you head.
“I’m sorry Pep. It was another long night but I think I’m making some headway on the new OS for the StarkPhone. That should get me a few brownie points, right?”
This is said, not sung and once again, you can’t speak. The words are followed by a gasp and then...nothing. Silence. Desperate, utter, heartbreaking silence.
He reminds himself of this as Steve’s fingers skirt down his ass. Steve’s taking his time. Whatever he’s going to do, Tony wishes he would do it already, but that’s the point, isn’t it. That, and Steve is enjoying this. When he startles a reaction from Tony, he hums in satisfaction. His breath grows shorter. He digs his nails into the flesh of Tony’s ass, kneading at it, uncaring of the damage left from the cane.
He’s struck by the idle thought that he and Steve could talk about guns, since Tony knows guns, too. Maybe use it as a starting point to talking about the war and the haunted expressions that sometimes cloud Steve’s face. But then Tony can’t think of the name of a single model of firearm, or when he last used one, or why so many details about propellants and rapid exothermic combustion leap to the front of his mind. So he kisses Steve instead.
Steve's trying, Tony tells himself. That's all that this stilted conversation means: Steve doesn't know what to say either, or how to go on, but he's here and he's trying. "The painkillers haven't worn off yet," Tony says. It reminds him of how thirsty he is. There's a fresh glass on the end table, condensation still forming on its surface. He reaches for it and takes a strip through the swirly straw. It's something Steve would've brought him back in the early days, when Iron Man had a secret identity and could only eat and drink through the slit in the faceplate.
Steve wraps an arm around him and gives him a peck on the top of his head—because it’s nearby, and also the least muddy part of him. Tony wriggles closer, until they’re close as cat’s breath. “Guess I’m not gettin’ the mitten when we’re topside,” Steve says.
“Shit.” Tony scrambles to his feet, too, but when he tries to approach Steve steps back, shaking his head. “What’s wrong? What do you need?”
Converts chosen tile into a 3-turn Countdown tile. Countdown Tile deals 780 damage when it reaches 2, 830 when it reaches 1, and 940 when it reaches 0.
Well, of course she’s noticed. “Do you think he’d like a set of cheese knives?” Steve asks. Tony’s birthday is less than a month away now. But Natasha doesn’t need anything so pedestrian as context: she knows exactly what Steve’s talking about.
It turns out there’s nothing for Tony to do to fly the shuttle; the shuttle’s computer does all the work. Tony’s only in the pilot’s seat in case of an emergency requiring manual operation, which seems so unlikely as to be functionally impossible.
The fight is over quickly. They must have orders not to shoot, because they don’t even draw their guns. In a different time and place, Tony could use that to win, or at least escape. But he’s drained. He just learned that Steve, the best of all of them, is gone, and Tony’s been sleeping with the monster who replaced him.
He gives his all, such as it is, and gets a few hits in. He knees one of the men in the groin, and he thinks he breaks another’s nose. He even snags a gun out of a harness and gets a few shots off before he’s overpowered. One is a kill shot, right through the head. The others go wild as he’s tackled to the ground.
There’s a slow, brutal urgency in Steve’s kiss, in the way his teeth scrape Tony’s lip, re-opening the cut there. The hand on Tony’s neck contracts slightly, a hint of promised violence.
The mosquitos follow them out of the mud. Eventually the bugs taper off; the heat and humidity don't. There’s a man, or something like one, at a gate, which he opens to let them by. Some ways later there’s a creature that isn’t quite a horse, though trying to figure out what makes it so clearly not a horse sets him on edge. Tony gives it a bouquet of yarrow, which it eats with enthusiasm.
“Tony,” Steve says, imbuing the word with power, like Tony is the very principle he fights for, and god, what would that look like, if it were real?
Steve works himself as leisurely as he’d run his hands over Tony’s body. “I saved the footage,” he says. It takes Tony a moment to remember what he’s talking about. “I can show you, if you like.”
“Tony!” Steve snaps. His fingers are still in Tony’s hair, though he’s gripping him by his scalp more than caressing him. He’s pulled Tony flush against him, locked in by the arm around his waist, and Tony looks like he’s been body-checked by a Hulk, riding an adrenaline rush, ready to collapse if Steve stops holding him up.
And—oh. Right. Tony really was just going to show Steve his cheese fridge. Along with other people, apparently.
Five thousand four-hundred fifty-four breaths. Five thousand four hundred fifty-five. Five thousand four hundred fifty-six. Five thousand four hundred fifty-seven. Five thousand four hundred—
Tony unwittingly rescues him by speaking first. “Hey,” he says quietly, “I wanted to thank you again, for your present. A lot of people don’t bother to get me anything, which makes sense, I mean, I have more money than anyone should really have, I can buy whatever I want.”
Tony activates the armor. It comes to life in a deafening hiss and an aurora of electric-blue light. “Red Wolf? Duck.”
One morning when Steve, Tony, Natasha, and Vision all ended up in the communal kitchen at the same time to make coffee and reheat boxes of takeout, Tony said to Steve, “I’m an impeccable judge of character.”
It’s not until the climax of the novel—after Brickenn has learned of Klithua’s mission to assassinate him, after the battle between the Craven Insurrection and the Death Separatists has interrupted the scientific conference on the Ice Hive of Petbe—that Klithua and the reader learn that Brickenn’s home planet is Earth. Klithua has never heard of it, and asks again why Brickenn is in this war-torn corner of the galaxy instead of the world he yearns for. He tells her again that he’ll return someday.
Tony tosses his head back as laughter bursts out of him. “Wow,” he says, still half-hiccuping and snickering. “Thank you, I needed a laugh like that.” When his laughter subsides, he cocks his head, eyes slowly raking across Steve’s exposed skin. “To think I used to hold such a high opinion of you I never noticed how
Tony thinks the last question has mentally prepared him for the line she’s on, but he’s still shocked—just for a second—when she asks, “Are you out as bisexual?”
—and the last Gem grasps onto Tony’s reach, settles into place beside its siblings; Tony holds Infinity. He tries not to imagine. All that power, cosmic power, contained in the ethereal light of the Infinity Gems. Small things. And small is how he keeps his thoughts. Parker Robbins stirred all this up—so he’s gone, back to the Raft. A nuisance eliminated. What next?
“I hope not,” Steve says, his hands sliding inside of Tony’s suit jacket. “We’ll be awake this time.”
Nat rolls her eyes. “Yes, he was just in my computer science class giving a guest lecture on machine learning.”
“I trusted you enough to come here!” Steve’s yelling despite his efforts. He spits his words out like lemon seeds. “I trust that if I ask you why you’re so sure registration is right, you’ll tell me the truth.”
Rogers comes back to town with the man who they say tried to blow up Roxxon’s dam; seems he’s found someone else’s life to save. Tony drinks his whiskey and tries to leave well enough alone. He almost manages it, too, until he sees a band of Fisk’s boys heading for the sheriff’s station, Turk leading the way; four on one just isn’t sporting. Tony knows he’s not much of a wheel-horse these days, and lord knows Rogers deserves better than Tony when he’s loaded to the gunwales, but it’s what he’s getting tonight.
Tony's not missing memories at all. He was in a coma because of the fight with Carol, not because of anything he did to himself.
Steve ignores that last comment. “Well, I didn’t, ah, tell him how I feel.” He tries to muster up a smile. “I did though, ask about the toy?”
“Ah, and here I hoped I’d have an easy answer for you this time,” Urich says, restless eyes finally landing on his typewriter. “I don’t know.”
Steve is—no, the man pretending to be Steve, it can’t be Steve, this is nothing like Steve—Hydra. He’s Hydra’s Supreme Leader. He’s—the things he’s done—the atrocities he’s committed in Steve’s name—
Tony sets the box down and before Steve can process what’s happening, pulls him into a tight hug. There’s still a cheese knife in Tony’s hand, conscientiously held away from Steve’s back, and this strikes him as darkly funny. Didn’t that anthropology professor say that hugs started as a way to prove you were unarmed? Or maybe that was handshakes.
Sunlight streams through the destroyed roof. It hits the room like hail against a canvas tent, pounding down too-bright for the warped wood floors, the mess of wires and pipes and splintered beams—the debris and disarray that remains of their home.
“Steve. I wanted—I was trying to protect you. Your ideals. And I know I didn’t do it right. I know why you hate me—”
Steve rides the light rail toward Antioch this time, then back to the San Francisco airport. He watches the immobile faces shared by everyone crowded into the car during rush hour, unchanging even as the train screeches and rattles.
Steve tugs Tony closer, so their torsos are flush. Steve’s covers the face of Tony’s implant. The glow of it climbs up their chests, brightest where it spills up from the narrow line where their bodies meet—as if the soft cerulean light is forged in the place they’re pressed together.
Tony makes that single, sardonic, not quite laughing sound he does when he pretends not to care what people think of him. “How far back you wanna go, Cap?”
spring to mind. He pictures carved posts, piles of cushions, velvet upholstery. He doesn’t know where it comes from, when his little room above the garage had made this place look positively extravagant. “It could be more…”
Three weeks pass. It takes painstaking effort to sift out missions and moments from the detritus of thoughts. Like Steve’s searching for a single light in a single window in a single skyscraper when all of Manhattan is illuminated, a million points of brightness against the night’s dark. Clarity does not return; nor does cognizance. Shame and outrage never arrive. Every day, another part of him is plucked out, like marrow being stripped from his bones.
The roaring in Steve’s ears, never entirely absent, grows to a thunderous volume. “As long as I have a say in it, there will never be another Iron Man,” he bites out. He turns his back on the crowd and walks away. Maria curses under her breath. He can’t bring himself to care.
Standing around Club Galaxy listening to the sounds Winter Warlock makes isn’t really how Steve would prefer to spend his evening. Especially after an afternoon of playing at the arcade with Tony; it seems a pity to cut that short for a show Steve won’t even enjoy. He never entertains the thought of missing a show, though. He supports his friends, and they can only get better with practice, right? That’s what he tells himself, anyway.
Steve wakes up the next morning in Tony’s bed. He wonders if Tony flew out and carried Steve back himself.
His enjoyment is interrupted by the sound of boots and shots heading toward them. “Four more!” he shouts.
“I know it’s not what you wanted, it doesn’t change what happened, but, now you—at least you know I don’t want to hurt you, right?”
We’ve met a friendly alien. He’s very knowledgeable about the library we’re in and the dimensions we’ve been traveling through.
Steve takes his shield out and starts using it to change directions or momentum mid-trajectory. Tony retaliates by shooting his repulsors off the shield and the walls to the same purpose. “Computer: drop gravity levels to half of Earth’s,” Steve says, grinning as Tony’s flight lags just enough for Steve to tap him on one shoulder. “Got you!”
“Like coming up with attack formations and battle plans. Like working on strategy and recruiting and training.”
The Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show started in 1877 in our timeline. Guess it’s different on Earth-51920.
her numerous times and the one time he had actually hit her, it had been to reach the target behind her.
Steve cups Tony’s cheek and kisses him so sweetly that Tony believes, for the length of time Steve’s mouth is pressed against his, that Steve isn’t angry with him at all.
The thing is, shooting Iron Man shouldn’t do much of anything. A loud noise of a bullet hitting the armor, maybe, or a smudge of lead powder over a patch of plate. The armor stands up to fire from anti-aircraft weapons, anti-materiel rifles, repulsors, and superhuman energy blasts. Shots from a sniper and a pistol should be no more to Tony’s armor than falling leaves.
An Avenger can only deal with so many Raft break-outs before they come up with a better plan. A plan like a prison in the negative zone.
They don’t understand. “We let him die in the street! We're all damned!” he yells, even as he's pushed inside.
In which Steve and Tony consult with friends and family. Then they actually end up in the same room and say things to each other! Do those things involve one asking the other out? Read to find out! (Yes. Yes it does.)
Tony scrubs a metal hand over his face. Steve can’t see the red of the gauntlet. It looks dull and wrong,
“Sure, they seen sumthin’ alright.” Stark laughs, bitter as quinine. “Get a drink or five into a fella, an’ he’ll tell ya all about the demons n' hellfire n' all kinds of portents he’s seen.”
Beside Steve's chair is an end table, a wooden one that looks like it was plucked from the same living room as the plush armchair. The room they're in is small and private, the door shut, and it reminds Tony of the helicarrier, and it smells like ammonia—
Magical traces: negative. Species: human, X-gene negative. Universe of origin: 616. DNA: Anthony Edward Stark.
The knocking at Steve’s door grows louder. “Go away,” he grumbles, trying to hide under his covers. If someone’s come to visit him, it means the battle against AIM is over. Steve’s missed the entire thing and it didn’t even matter.
“That, the yelling, disappointing you, betraying you, that’s us. That’s what I did. And you should know, you’re the one who remembers it.”
"I—it's difficult to talk about," Steve says after a moment. "It was—a lot of people have died. Las Vegas is" —he takes a deep breath, as if readying himself to say what's next— "gone."
Steve kicks a rock ahead of him. He watches it skitter over the dirt and scrub. “He was—really kind.” He looks straight ahead, and okay, maybe his face is a little pinched, in places. “He could tell I was self-conscious and was trying to make me more comfortable.”
“Yeah, uh, I was looking at the American realists, you know, but all the Hoppers I found reproductions of seemed too cold and lonely for a bedroom, and I thought some of her early Precisionist stuff might be your style? And I thought the Wyeth ones matched the backyard.”
Steve doesn’t have a shield. Not even a garbage can lid. He’s not braced for it. All he can do is take the blow. “That’s not what happened,” he says weakly.
Talk of Steve’s hypothetical, patriotic-themed armor—“Hear me out: bald eagle wings with articulated feathers made out of vibranium”—takes them all the way to the Arena of War for their sparring practice. Every time Tony mentions the arc reactor, Steve thinks of asking him—
“What will I do with you?” Steve says, drawing his hands back and running his fingertips along the circumference of Tony’s neck, then forward. His fingers thread together and then draw back again, his thumbs grazing Tony’s jawline. “There are so many ways I want to touch you.” His voice is quiet and soft, as deceptive as the gentle caress of his hands along Tony’s neck.
There no use in explaining or saying any more than that. It’s the truth and it’s out there and he’s far too quiet. And you’re sure you misread the whole situation. This wasn’t what he expected or wanted. His face is carefully blank and your chest hurts again for an entirely different reason. The moment seems to stretch for an eternity.
Tony began to flip through the rest of the book, finding multiple drawings of his own eyes, his face, his arms, his chest and finally he turned the last page and Steve made a half hearted attempt to snatch the book back, Tony held the book away from him, his grin turning downright predatory.
You are frozen again. Ice cold. He loved..loves you? He’s unmoving, eyes fixed and vacant. All the life behind them, gone.
You drag him back into the building you just walked out of. Blood is already soaking his three piece suit, Tom Ford he was careful to remind you as you handed him a coffee just minutes ago. The cup is on the ground outside now, it’s contents mingling with the blood he left there. Scarlett red and espresso brown swirling down the drains of the New York City streets.
It happens so fast. Like a blink, a breath, a fraction of a second. You don’t see it coming. How could you? Unexpected. And fast, so fucking fast. And just like that. In nothing more than a moment. A life is changed forever.
“Arrogant. Brash. Egotistical. Your father was a little less condescending and abrasive but you definitely remind me of him none the less.”
“Fine but I make no promises to be on my best behavior.” Bruce sighed and shook his head but made no other comment as they made their way out of the lab together.
“Wait! ‘m fine. Don’ go.” You only realize how pathetic it sounds once it’s already left your lips and it’s too late to take back. Can’t blame that one one dying. Nor can you blame it for your hand that’s stretched out towards him.
“Color. You don’t see the color?” He asked, hating himself for being slightly breathless, it had been 42 years of waiting, sue him for being a little excited
"Ok! That's enough!" Steve's face turning red as he successfully got the book back in his possession.
"It's not that I don't want to hold your hand, it's just, I know holding my hand isn't that pleasant. I've been told so in the past. I mean, Pepper wasn't mean about it but she always said my hands were too rough. And I try to moisturize but honestly, it doesn't do much good. It's just part of my work, you know. If I'm not burning them on the soldering iron, I'm cutting them on some tool and they're always rough, the calluses don't ever really go away." He trailed off with a shrug. Steve didn't waste a moment, taking Tony's hands in his own.
You push a sweaty strand of hair away from his eyes. They’re a little farther way, a little glassy. It’s only been a few minutes since the call was placed. Realistically, you know that. But it feels like it’s been hours of waiting. With what seems like the last of the strength he has, he reaches that blood stained hand to your face and brushes away a tear you hadn’t even realized was there. You feel the smear of warm blood he leaves across your cheek.
“Well, shit, I died.” He looks at you. “If you can use my dying as an excuse to cuss then I sure the fuck can too.”
You don’t know why you ask really. Maybe you want to comfort him, maybe yourself. Maybe you just want to lighten the mood. Or it could just be you’re not thinking quite clearly. You’ve lost a lot of blood after all. His expression is still incredulous but he doesn’t answer so you take that as all the confirmation you need.
Steve sat on the couch in Tony's workshop, idly drawing in his sketch book as the brunette promised him that he would only be five more minutes, for the sixth time. The genius finally flopped down next to him, putting his head on the blonde's broad shoulder and sighing softly.
You count three separate entry wounds and note that his chest is already covered in sticky, ruby red blood. You’re shouting, panicking, it’s not a pretty sight. Captain America, always calm, always in control. You wait until you know someone is on the phone with emergency services before your turn your attention back to the man you gingerly placed on the ground moments ago.
Tony leaned into the table, hands flat against it as Steve spoke and for a long moment afterward, suddenly his head snapped up and he turned to Steve so quickly that the larger man got to his feet in surprise. Tony rounded on him, crowding his space with a finger pointed at his face.
"Fine, fine. You have a hand fetish. I get it." Tony said with a grin as Steve shook his head fondly, "What else is in here?"
He’s comforting you? He’s got three bullets in his chest and you look bad enough that he thinks he has to comfort you? Jesus.
Because Steve was so preoccupied with the lack of hand holding, it meant he spent a good amount of time focused on Tony's hands. He noticed a couple of things. Tony constantly moisturized to the point of slightly compulsive. He also always had at least one or two band aides on both hands at all times. And on more than one occasion Steve had to point out to Tony that one of his hands was bleeding, each time earning nothing more than a shrug as Tony wiped the blood away and continued his work.
And they’re right and wrong when they say your life flashes before your eyes the moment you die. Because you don’t see your life from beginning to end. You see him.
Your voice is weak even to your own ears. But you notice that he does seem to calm some as you begin and that’s all the motivation you need to continue.
"Why don't you want to hold my hand?" Steve figured in this case it was best to be direct, no use in wasting time. Tony was quiet for a long moment, long enough for Steve to start getting a little anxious, shifting slightly in his seat.
Tony was no doubt going to forge on but he found that Bruce had squeezed himself between the two. It was only once his friend entered his sight line that he was able to see just how red Steve had gotten during his tirade, nearly vibrating with anger.
“Oh,Tony!” If the relief weren’t evident in his voice, it’s written all over his scruffy face. You infer that it’s been days since he’s shaved.
Tony had worked alone since he began moonlighting as Ironman and he liked it that way. No one to protect or worry about, and more importantly no one to tell him what to do.
You know that realistically you’re the only one in any real danger here. But god, he looks so stricken. And by the look on his face, it’s as bad as it seems, maybe worse. So you reach out your hand and you try to ignore that it’s stained crimson with your own blood. Relief washes over you when he accepts it.
Steve retrieved the sketchbook that had been set aside moments ago and flipped through the pages before he found what he was looking for. He placed the book in Tony's hands and watched as a look of realization settled over the smaller man's face. Tony looked the pages of sketches of just his hands, holding various tools, wrapped around a mug of coffee, covered in the gauntlet, working the holographic screens. Pages and pages of them. And they weren't perfect, Steve had drawn the scars and burns, the band aides and the cuts but somehow they didn't look so bad in ink. After a moment, Steve placed the book in Tony's lap and recaptured his hands, holding them to his own face, turning his head to place a kiss to each palm.
There’s no room for you but they shout which hospital they’ll take him to. The door close abruptly in your face and you lay a hand on them, just before they speed down the road.
Tony did make it in time for the first meeting as it turned out, even had time to grab an obnoxiously large caffeinated beverage with a potentially dangerous number of espresso shots but it definitely helped keep him conscious. It did not, however, keep him from daydreaming. He was really just a figurehead at this point, the real woman in charge of SI was currently running this meeting like the damn boss she was. Pepper didn’t need him at most of the meetings but every once in a while, she would pull the CEO card and insist he show his face, if for no other reason than presenting a united front. Which was the case today so as much as he knew he should be listening, he found himself drifting.
“I just want to assure you. It’s not a big deal. Obviously, just after one meeting, it’s pretty clear this is a one big cosmic joke by whoever/whatever decides this soulmate thing. I mean, nowadays, it’s pretty rare to find your soulmate anyway and people really don’t put a whole lot of stock in it anyway even if you do-“
There was a time he thought that maybe he and Pepper could mkke it work. They were both in their late 30’s when he had hired her as his personal assistant. It wasn’t particularly uncommon to be unbonded at that age, there were a lot of people in the world after all, many people didn’t ever get to meet their soulmate. Their friendship grew quickly and after he made it back from Afghanistan, he told her he loved her. Because he did but also cause after thinking he was going to die, he didn’t want to lose her. It was called “settling” and was a fairly common thing, if you couldn’t find your soulmate, it didn’t mean you had to be alone forever after all. So, they had tried it out and they were happy for the most part. Tony worked too much and wasn’t always the most considerate partner but she knew he loved her and she him. It was also nice to have someone to wake up with and someone to come home to, even if it wasn’t with your destined “perfect” match.
Except Tony didn’t sound upset, not really, if Steve had to pinpoint it, he sounded more...incredulous maybe, but not sad. And then suddenly the smaller man was laughing and not just a chuckle but full on, nearly doubled over laughter. Tony turned to face him and the grin that was plastered across his face made Steve furrow his eyebrows, had the man gone mad?
People are gathering now but they keep their distance. Only a few more minutes and the ambulance will be here. He’s shaking and already looking a little paler. You move on instinct, sit beside him and pull his torso into your lap.
He looked up as a well dressed man entered with a slightly disheveled man and Phil Coulson. Introductions were made and Steve found himself slipping back into the familiar role of Captain America with more ease than he thought he would be able to.
“Maybe not usually, but when Stark upsets you, you get all pinched and your eyebrows scrunch up, almost like you’re trying not to sneeze except also like someone took away your teddy bear.”
Steve looks at him thoughtfully. “Nah, I don’t see it. I don’t think Lord Byron knew the first thing about engineering.”
“Nuthin’, huh?” Stark has, to Steve’s eye, already taken the whole thing apart and laid the lengths of wire out in neat rows on his worktable.
Steve chewed on his lips, almost nervous, searching Tony's face. “There’s something I want to show you.”
Tony suggests they go for a walk and before he’s prepared for it they’re outside, in front of the memorial, and he can’t put this off any further. “It could’ve been me,” he says, plain as he can. “Stamford, the New Warriors. That could’ve been me.”
Steve shakes his head. “I’m glad you don’t.” His voice is quiet. “I almost killed you then.” He swallows; songbirds call out in Tony’s mind. “I don’t want you to remember that. It’s like—doesn’t it feel like we’re getting another chance?”
“How ‘bout you let me get a wink of goddamn rest and you work on savin’ your own hide, then,” Steve says, but his heart isn’t in it. His anger’s fled from him.
Steve’s pretty sure Loki isn’t really going to call in some horrible favor from him. Loki and Tony get along, better than Loki gets along with most people; this could very well be her way of trying to help a friend. At any rate, Steve doesn’t have time to worry about it now. If he needs to, he’ll figure out a way to handle Loki.
Sam’s at the service, too. He registered so he could come officially. Steve knows Sam did it for him. Sam doesn’t think he owes Tony anything, but he knew what his presence would mean to Steve.
Tony takes a silent, shivering inhale. God, why won’t his brain catch up? “That’s… I’m glad to hear you say that, Steve. We can work through this. We always have in the past.”
Steve nearly whines when Tony pulls out. He tells himself it’s because his throat is still so dry and raw, that that’s why he craves a burst of Tony’s thick come hitting the back of his tongue. Tony takes himself in hand and finishes on Steve’s face. He makes pleased sounds when Steve tries to lick it up without being asked.
“That’s not what I’m saying,” Tony says quickly, annoyed and earnest at once. “I—if you want me there—if you really want to make it better—” He cuts himself off, rubbing a hand over his face.
“Do you—” Steve faltered. Tony wanted to tell him he never had to worry ever again, not when it came to Tony. “Do you want—”
It is the same with lies: there is often only one way to tell the truth, but there are many different ways in which one can tell a lie.
these looked like they were made by the same props department that worked on the first season of Star Trek
Steve had checked, later, and a lot of the videos were among the top hits for ‘Tony Stark’ on a search engine. Several were from horrible tabloids. More than one was from sites dedicated to hating Tony.
The darkness recedes too soon. Reality returns, harsh and bright. Above him, Steve watches Tony with avid fascination. “Back with me?” he asks, smiling wide, when he sees clarity return to Tony’s eyes. The pace of his thrusts is unchanged.
Create tile if Iron Man takes more than 1310, 1260 from a member of Team Iron Man, or 1105 from Iron Man himself. Generate 2 Red AP and 1 Yellow AP per tile destroyed and 1 Green AP for every 2 tiles destroyed.
“Right, not if I can’t ‘follow through,’” Tony sneers. They’re so close together that their noses brush; Tony’s face floods Steve’s vision. “And what would following through look like, Steve?”
She’s small, with delicate bones, and her head hits the window beside her a good six inches lower than that of the man behind her. Her eyes flick between the puddle and the LED sign announcing the next stops. Occasionally, her eyes drift shut and her shoulders begin to relax, only for her to jerk upright again.
“I can't argue with that,” Tony agrees. “But since you last saw it, I've made some modifications. Which I now regret.” He pops the spring on his wrist piece and lifts out his flask. Happily, it’s full.
we went through the secret door and we were in this giant hall like a big reading room or something. it’s like, three storeys tall with desks and those green library lamps on the first floor and then card catalogs and specimen drawers and stuff on the second and then books on the third and on the top there’s this giant glass dome which we definitely do not have at school
Steve arranges Tony so he sits with his legs hanging off the bed, his wounded feet well away from the floor. Steve sits behind him, high on his knees, and wraps his hands around Tony’s neck. Tony’s thoughts white out. He thinks again of the reprieve unconsciousness offers, then again of what Steve might do with his body while he’s absent.
“Haven’t yet had the pleasure of meeting him,” Tony replies, winsome as he can, holding the man’s gaze with his own. “Do you know when he’ll be in?”
There's a glass of water on the table. Tony takes the glass and brings the straw to his lips, relishing as the cool water hits his tongue. His arm is shaking; the glass feels much too heavy. He sets it down.
“You’ve taken what’s mine!” Wormseed declares. He begins chanting infernal words of his own. Barely a few syllables in, he’s cut off by a monstrous clack, like a dog’s jaws snapping shut after a yawn.
The truth is that lies are everywhere, like snow in the Siberian tundra. Sometimes it’s the shape of the lies that tell us what we need to know, much like how the shape of footprints in fresh snow can tell us whether we’re being pursued by a musk deer, a Manchurian wapiti, an Amur tiger, or a brainwashed, biochemically enhanced sniper. Other times it’s the absence of certain lies that give us the most information—like a friend who chooses to say nothing at all instead of offering up a platitude like, “It’s going to be fine” when you embark on a high-risk project to destroy all traces of a clandestine fascist organization, or a team leader who, despite a great amount of pride in the matter, doesn’t bother denying that he hasn’t had a full night’s sleep in five days and should, therefore, be scrapped from an upcoming scheduled mission.
With a deep breath, Steve positioned himself so Stark Tower was behind him, and got back to his workout.
“Is that right? How do you ‘kind of’ talk to someone? You using morse code? International maritime signal flags?”
“Yes,” Tony says slowly. “But it’s um. Really new. And kinda-maybe-sortof a secret? It’s a whole thing.”
Tony takes a sip from his flask. “I melted my guns down.” There’s a bucket of water by the back door, which he gives it a good kick. Water spills over the floor. “I promised myself I'd die before I picked up another gun.”
If Captain America is downed in this way, all Team Cap Escalation Tiles are destroyed, not dealing damage or generating AP.
If Iron Man is downed in this way, all Team Iron Man Escalation Tiles are destroyed, not dealing damage or generating AP.
That night, after spending the whole afternoon and evening with Tony—practicing for hours at the Arena of War, followed by dim sum takeout and watching a half-dozen out-of-order episodes of Star Trek: the Original Series—Steve goes to the Archives. He researches cheese knives, cheese plates, throwing knives, kitchen knives, and fighting knives. Usually, he prefers to look things up at Stark Tower and have JARVIS help him—he’s still slower than he’d like typing on keyboards—but that’s obviously out of the question for this particular project.
Steve drags him by the shoulder until he’s near enough to kiss. Which Steve does, a good long one, like a lady’s supposed to give her spark before he goes to war. Tony goes boneless and falls against him, mouth soft and sweet.
Steve’s eyes alight on Tony’s lips. “So.” Steve swallows, and Tony thinks about Steve’s throat, and the word
“I want to help Tony,” Steve tells the glowing electronic panel at the door. He looks up at where he thinks some of the cameras JARVIS uses might be.
“I’ve heard of that one,” Steve says, chuckling. Tony gets the impression that Steve doesn’t usually pay attention to music, TV, or movies, but he keeps a running list on his notes app of the bands, shows, and films Tony recommends, and each time Tony glimpses it new ones are crossed off.
The intel from this morning is in the forefront of Steve’s thoughts, bringing with it the promise of an easy outcome. He shoves it aside. It can’t possibly be true. He’ll try it, and it won’t work, and it bears no further thought than that. Of greater urgency is how more than one trusted source came to report something so patently untrue and easily disproved—and so soon before this meeting with Tony.
“Alright, Stark,” he says to himself, “here it goes.” Addressing the book, he continues, “Now, I’ll let on I don’t quite know what it is you want. But I reckon we can come to an accord.”
Steve crosses his arms. “They said people needed to learn about Sam from me, because I’m a ‘trusted figure.’ And how many of these questions are about Sam?” He shakes his head. “Four, maybe five. And three of them are really about me, anyway.”
Brickenn is rendered in negative space. He has few words to offer, and fewer still to describe himself. The loss that defines him is that of a single pinprick of light vanishing among a firmament still teeming with stars—an absence visible only to those seeking it.
Did Tony want anyone other than Steve to hear this? It doesn’t matter, because Tony’s gone, and everyone thinks they get a say in what his legacy means.
When Steve wakes, the dragon program has shut off, the lights have dimmed, and Tony is breathing softly beside him. It’s peaceful. It feels like a moment divorced entirely from linear time. There’s no yesterday, no tomorrow, just this.
“Thanks, Otto,” Steve says, as the owner of the PH diner sets their orders on the table between them.
Social commitments seen to for the day, Tony makes for his forge. A fierce and noisome wind sends the buildings creaking and signs rattling. He’s grateful he hasn’t taken to wearing a hat again, as he’d have lost it several times over in the last minute alone.
I imagined the Mrs. Williams mentioned briefly to be Riri’s mom, no relation to Simon, who in 1872 is a bad dude working for Governor Roxxon.
“That is exactly wrong!” Tony said, shaking his head. Then he rolled his eyes and turned to Rhodes. “I mean, I agree with what Captain Tightpants just said.”
“Yes, I think I saw you and your associates hanging around the night he died. Unfortunate you weren't able to conclude your business. Might I ask what those pursuits are? I could be interested in a stake.” It’s only because Tony is himself trying not to blink that he notices the other man hasn’t.
He feels like an idiot. Of course they’ve mastered time travel. And of course, Tony’s going to stay here. And more than that, even if they both stayed—well, Tony wouldn’t have any reason to stick around Steve any more. Tony could do great things here. Of that, Steve has no doubt: the idea that Tony
All of Infinity in his grasp, and he can’t get anything he wants, because it’s not even a possibility. It’s not a construction that can be built.
The man using the cane now is less precise than the others. He wants the pain to last. A strike lands on the balls of Tony’s feet, then another across his heels, and Tony hears bones cracking. The next blow lands millimeters from the last, as if to ensure the bone is fractured.
Tony finds his breath, barely. He doesn't know if he could if not for the false messages his soulmark is sending him—safe, home, sated, Steve. “You’re lying.”
catch up with several hundred years of technology if he put his mind to it is absurd. Not Steve, though. No, he would be even more out of place than he was when he first came out of the ice.
Steve takes a steadying breath and turns off his treadmill. “Thank you for telling me,” he says finally.
In a carrel at the other end of the room, Tony flicks a lipstick-red metal finger into his mouth, swipes it with his tongue, and then uses it to turn the page of the book in his lap. He chews on his lip, frowning down at the page, shifting in his seat.
But Steve trusts him to tell the truth. “I love you,” Tony says, and the interval of a second melts to an ocean. There is no measure of time, no way to calibrate it, and it drags, its passing excruciatingly slow..
“I missed you.” It doesn’t matter how it happened. All that matters is that it’s Tony. Steve’s eyes burn and blur. “You were gone so long.”
But what happens next is that Steve returns with a mug of broth and a glass of water. He helps Tony drink both, petting Tony’s hair and watching him like Tony’s pained movements are mesmerizing.
“No. Us. You and me,” Steve says, decisive and matter-of-fact. “We’ll stop. Just until we figure out what to do.”
The humanoid ones sound so far like they could be a few different types I’ve read about, but I haven’t heard of salt shaker robots like that in any Avengers, SHIELD, Guardian, or Kamar-Taj mission reports.
together, and that reason swells in Steve’s chest, welling up in his throat. He’s almost choking on it as it makes its way upward, squeezing tears out of his eyes.
There’s Iron Man, who Steve has been fighting, and Tony Stark, who unmasks and winks at cameras, and there’s the man who came here alone—who never doubted that Steve would do the same.
“That’s great,” Tony says, a little too heartily. “Great. What I wanted to say was, I think I know how you’re feeling.”
“You know,” Steve says, chewing on his lip as he turns back to face Tony, “before I met you, it was—a lot. I’m not all better, you know, just like that, it’s a long road to stability with PTSD, but you’ve been helping so much. Just being with you helps.”
A harbor porpoise swims alongside him until it can’t keep up with the boat any more. The sky is dotted with fluffy, rococo clouds when he ties up the boat at a little dock.
His body is Tony’s to have and to hurt. If Steve’s heart is broken, too, that’s his own doing, and when Tony grabs Steve’s collar, forcing his head back and cutting off his airway, the pain nearly matches inside and out.
"Yarrow" is an old Scottish folk song. "Dowie" is a rendering of "dewy." "Dens" is a Scots word meaning "A narrow valley or ravine, usually wooded." Most versions of the song do mention drowning, suggesting that there's a creek or river in these dowie dens.
“Tony,” Steve says, pulling away and lapping at the saliva running down Tony’s chin, “c’mon. You don’t have to make things difficult. Let’s have some fun, huh?”
“How’re you going to do that? A metal suit doesn’t seem like a great outfit to fight a fire-breather.” Steve leans in and breathes, wet and warm, against Tony’s face, as if to demonstrate.
Sudden as a grasshopper’s jump, Virgle’s hollering goes quiet. Light flickers from his chest, like he’s got a gas lamp where his heart’s supposed to be—and then it ignites into flame. Quick as it was lit, it snuffs out again, and Virgle crumples to the ground, a hole in his chest bigger than a prize pumpkin. Blood oozes out of him like an afterthought.
Steve’s fingers feel thick and clumsy as he struggles to unbutton his shirt and shrug out of his undershirt. He can’t entirely swallow, and his mouth floods with saliva, trickles down his chin as he sucks. The only way Steve could be more attracted to the armor is if it had a big shiny erection, and that’s exactly what he has in his mouth. Tony built Iron Man out of genius and hope and sheer force of will, and what could be more Tony Stark than that?
Because then, Tony was there to show him around. The thought creeps into Steve’s thoughts without words, jealous and cruel. But when Tony stays here, he’ll be learning what
“Oh,” Steve says. He shoves his reaction aside, packs it away into the root cellar for winter, and waits for Stark to keep talking.
Steve makes for the nearest elevator. “Friday, blackout please? And, can you keep anyone else out of the elevator?”
They’re dry, dusted with powdered concrete. He wraps a hand around the back of Tony’s neck and lets it rest there, like a butterfly landing on a leaf. “Is this okay?” he whispers against Tony’s lips.
Steve should second thoughts, Tony thinks. After what Tony put him through. The betrayal, the fighting, all of Tony’s lies. Steve’s memories—
“I just.” Steve closes his eyes. Now that Tony’s here, it’s overwhelming to look at him. The reality of seeing him and speaking to him is staggering. “You’re back, and I thought I’d never—I won’t mention it again. I can’t lose you again. But I haven’t stopped thinking. Since you were gone. Would you—have you ever wanted me?”
He tried to hold it off before, but after the tragedy in Stamford, the SHRA is all that stands in the way of Project Wideawake, Sentinels, inhibitor circuits, and who knows what else. If Tony’s on board, he can forestall the worst of it until the panic blows over. If only he could’ve made Steve could see that the superhero community needs oversight and justice, that other people make mistakes and need to be held accountable for them. But it’s too late now. Their friendship is over, and this conflict is a lot more personal than either of them realized.
All of the people in the room are Tony. All of their bodies, Tony’s. Tony becomes an infinite being, every feature and surface of him dedicated to Steve.
Rhodes, who had been listening from the kitchen, strode into the room and came to stand beside Tony. “You wanna rephrase that, Captain?”
It’s wrong to miss it. It’s wrong to want more. Tony used him, like he always does, and he’ll do it again.
it was really late by the time everyone got out and jan said no one was allowed to talk to her until after she’d had at least two hours alone with tony’s cheese fridge
Tony walked into the dining room with his jaw tense and shoulders set, a blank but determined expression on his face. Ignoring Natasha, Sam, and Vision, who were also seated at the table, Tony approached Steve and asked, “Did you know?”
Damn him. Steve’s furious, all right. At the injustice of SHRA. With the hurt of Tony abandoning him. With himself. And yes, with Tony, for still trusting—for
When Steve woke up in the twenty-first century, he’d tried to find and buy the book again. Tony introduced him to so many wonderful books and films, and Steve wanted to share one of his favorites—and Tony had reminded him of Brickenn Jamith, the troubled protagonist far from his beloved home and cursed with secret knowledge of a galaxy-spanning threat. Steve never found a copy.
He comes out shooting, but not a single bullet lands. It’s the governor’s men, and Lester right there gloating over—god, no—Steve’s body. Lester’s standing close enough that if he were a snake, Tony could bite him.
was one word for his approach—but it was a blow nonetheless when he’d followed Tony into a cozy living room and found Jan and Rhodes there, too.
Steve climbs down Tony’s body, stroking his own cock. He kicks Tony’s knees apart and kneels between them. He presses a dry finger between Tony’s cheeks, and Tony whimpers. It hasn’t even brushed against his hole yet. He should be stronger than this. But Steve undoes him. He always has.
Yes, they were fighting. Tony died thinking Steve hated him. Steve thought he hated him, too, which is worse. “I miss him,” is all Steve can say, and they speak of inconsequential topics until Sam leaves.
The creature is like a horse in most ways Tony can name; it has the shape of a horse, the size of one, the coat of one, even the dull, sweet face of a horse. The long tail swishing at phantom flies rivals that of the finest Arabian.
The gatekeeper’s featureless face caves in near the bottom, creating something that is not recognizable as a mouth, but a concave curve that can form words. The curve smiles and says, “Good evenin’ to you, Mister Stark.” The gatekeeper's voice is warped like the sound played on a wax cylinder that’s been left too long near the fire. “I’ll happily letcha by, if you best me in a contest.”
Then Steve looks away. A muscle twitches in his neck. Even as he pulls away, his physicality is palpable. “We’re here to talk about what’s going on now.”
The silver mask nods. The voice that replies is deep and dark as the bottom of a well. “What brings you to my home, Stark?”
anything, and I hate it, and everyone can see that I can’t, and—and I thought maybe that’s what you hate right now, too.”
It is something of a relief when, after the latest turn of the channel, he sees a steed blocking the way—though he knows it should be anything but. Behind it, the way branches, for the first time, into half-a-dozen paths.
“It doesn’t matter.” He knows he sounds wrecked. It matters to him, and there’s no hiding that, but there’s more at stake here than Tony’s feelings. “He’s going to stop you. And I’m not going to work for you. Whatever you want me to design or build or code. I won’t.”
“I don’t get a hint?” Steve asks. They’ve moved the bed up to the attic while the rest of the house is being renovated. The sound of rain against the roof surges. “I’ll be sleeping there too, y’know.”
He’s almost to the opposite shore. There’s a mosquito bite in the fold between two of his fingers, and several more on his knuckles. The mud-streaked faces of the dead stare up at him. If he fell face-first into the water with his next step, he’d be able to touch the shore with the tips of his fingers. He wonders what he’ll do when he’s standing solid ground again. If he’ll be able to find enough fuel to build a fire. If he’ll wake in a blanket of mosquitos and dragonflies. If he’ll wake buried in mud, staring up through rushing water to the sky above. If he’ll wake up at all.
So it’s Tony touching him. It’s Tony mouthing wet kisses down his spine, raking fingernails across his ribs, choking him with a necktie, striking him with a riding crop.
“S’that right?” Stark asks, setting aside his tools and wiping his hands on his trousers. “Wasn’t broken when I was there to get my Arbuckle’s this mornin’.”
The magical blast was the color of plum blossoms, smelled strangely akin to carnival hot dogs, and was accompanied by a sound like a huge sheet of ice on a frozen lake cracking because you have taken a step too far and are about to plunge into icy water.
What comes out is, “It wasn’t supposed to be like this.” Fuck, that’s pathetic. Some good not being frightened does him when he’s this angry and frantic.
Steve, who had—much to Peggy's amusement and teasing—spoken almost exclusively of Tony, replied, “You didn’t come up."
The hand disappears, and he tries to blink his eyes clear. An arm wraps around his back, pulling him close. A distant part of him notices that it’s trembling.
generally readings like those indicate that big magic and/or interdimensional travel is happening, so not too troubling
Rogers is there in the twinkling of a bed-post and he knocks Turk down with one slog, which is quite a sight. “Where are—”
i believe she is law enforcement. she wore a sheriff’s badge and seemed to have command of the child soldiers accompanying her
Steve finds bars that only accept customers who have Extremis activated. The doormen are quick to let Steve inside. One asks him what upgrade package he has.
“I know,” Tony says, though he’s not sure he does. “Uh. It wasn’t just you. Really, we didn’t tell anyone, not even Sue or Medusa knew.”
Escalation tiles cannot be matched or locked and do not fall. When there are at least 3 Iron Man Escalation tiles on the board, destroy all Escalation tiles (including those belonging to Team Cap) and generate 1 Red AP for every 2 tiles destroyed.
“Cap!” the Skrull cries in Tony’s digitized voice, darting over and hovering in front of Steve, blocking him from the false Captain America with his body.
Tony, who had been talking up the film for some weeks prior to his scheduled turn to pick the movie, did not correct Steve and tell him that they were starting with “Alien.” He didn’t say that he’d been looking forward to seeing Steve experience the film for the first time. He didn’t say that he was hesitant about showing Steve the sequel, since it opened with Sigourney Weaver’s character awakening from cryogenic freezing after several decades to find that everyone she knew was dead and gone.
“But Tony,” Steve says, taking hold of Tony’s chin, “you promised.” He doesn’t sound hurt or angry. He sounds smug.
Steve combines a slice of the delicate pink fruit with a more tame-looking golden-brown spread and what might be a thin slice of meat—or possibly a flower petal of some kind. “It’s good,” he reports. He frowns at a plate of wide, translucent green spirals. “Is that a vegetable?”
“I stand by what I did,” Steve says, and oh, Tony can just imagine how his jaw is set, how straight he’s holding his back.
The lie Natasha Romanov found herself most often contemplating—and was at times her favorite—was this one: “I would now. And I'm always honest.”
Steve swallows a chunk of unchewed cookie. “You’re welcome,” he says. “I’m glad you like them. And wow, these really are amazing!”
There was a whole folder on Tony. It contained nearly a hundred files: articles; news clips; and amateur footage. None of the files were dated. Some of the news clips and all of the articles mentioned or showed the date, but enough of them didn’t.
The longer he tells the story, the further Stark loses himself in it. He becomes a clucking wild turkey, then the carriage that it had just flown into, then a dog swimming through a pond. By the time roller-skates finally make an appearance, Steve’s laughing so hard there’s tears coming out of his eyes.
She nods, looking thoughtful. “I’m Lieutenant Gonzales, you’re on the exploration vessel United Space Ship
Tony wants to turn away. He forces himself not to, and if he can’t quite maintain eye contact, Steve’s the only one to see him. He tells Steve about fighting Machine Man when he was drunk. His voice doesn’t waver or crack. His face is the faceplate made flesh, a blank cutout. “This close.
At the next team meeting, Tony was glancing over everyone’s online schedules, trying to find the best day for them to visit a children’s hospital, and saw that Steve was planning to attend the guest lecture on artificial intelligence Tony was giving at Carnegie Mellon the following month. “You checking up on me, Rogers?”
“Nice o’ you to say, Sheriff,” Stark replies, and slings back a pull of his flask as if to illustrate his point. “Who would it be then, I wonder?” he muses, scratching at the shadow of stubble on his chin.
But for all the time they’ve been spending together, Steve’s still not there the next time Tony’s hurt.
The Iron Man model 4 armor hovers just at the shoulder of another Captain America. “Cap,” he says, “what
Steve and Tony each have a red and blue power that work the same way, but involve differing levels of damage; Steve has higher health and his escalation tiles are triggered by higher amounts of damage, while Tony has lower health and his escalation tiles are triggered by less damage, but he deals higher damage. Story-wise, the more Tony does things that Steve would never approve of, the harder Steve hits, and the more Steve tries to stop Tony, the harder he retaliates. Their respective powers work both in opposition and in tandem. The more damage one deals to the other, the more the other one deals next time around.
But right now, Tony doesn’t know. He hasn’t done that. Steve runs his hands through Tony’s dark hair, combing out the confetti, getting glitter all over one hand, and contemplating how much thicker each strand of Tony’s hair is than Steve’s own. Then he freezes, blood rushing to his face in embarrassment. He extracts his hand as carefully from Tony’s hair as he can, barely breathing.
Tony grins, and Steve can’t quite picture how his real smile looks. “You know, I’m so glad you brought that up.”
Tony—who knew exactly where Dr. Suresh had gone and why—said, “I don’t know, maybe she retired or something.”
“Hi,” Tony says, setting his stylus aside and getting to his feet. It’s not a reply to what Steve’s said, but Steve doesn’t want to know anyway, not really. This isn’t them, not any more: Steve doesn’t visit Tony in his workshop. Tony doesn’t explain his latest schematics or test builds or armor modifications. Still. It’s hard not to imagine—
A wall panel—apparently a door—slides open. Just, disappears into the wall behind the person who has just walked through. She’s wearing a strange jumpsuit, not quite a superhero outfit, or not one Steve’s familiar with. Insignia and pins in neat lines suggest it’s a uniform, though Steve doesn’t recognize any of the symbols or markings.
“He's nothin' to do with me. I ain’t got any magic book. An’ ain’t you got plenty on your table with Fisk and his band of executioners?”
It doesn’t take long for them to settle onto a huge curved couch in front of a giant pane of glass that, of course, turns into a screen. A boxy robot on wheels delivers popcorn and beer while the theme song is still playing.
“You haven’t opened it? Not so much as a peek at the endpapers?” Tony lifts his eyebrows. “How can you be sure it’s genuine?”
“Hey,” Tony says, making sure Steve knows exactly where he is before he sets a hand on Steve’s shoulder. He’s not sure what’s happening, how Steve moved so fast, if this is a PTSD thing or a Steve thing or if there’s some kind of history between him and Brian.
“We were just saying that the press conference went really well,” Steve says, the goddamn teacher’s pet.
Tony spends too long in the shower, standing under the spray long after he’s clean. His legs ache, the bite on his shoulder twinges, he’s still weak from being in a coma, not to mention the soreness from Steve fucking him. None of that is close to enough to worry Steve with, though.
All Tony can do is breathe around Steve’s cock as it slides in and out of him. Steve’s head is thrown back, his expression beatific, and Tony tries not to choke with the awareness that the real Steve has never touched him this way. The one Tony wants has never wanted him. It’s only this sadistic facsimile who delights in using him this way, and if it weren’t for their soulmarks, his interest in Tony would be in how easy Tony is to hurt, and nothing more.
“I do not look like a basset hound.” Not Steve’s cleverest retort, but the topic already has him on the defense.
century has to offer on his own. Or maybe someone else will be there to help him. Someone clever, someone who can keep up with him, with this.
“Just what I’d hoped to speak to Mister Tillard about. Are you an acquaintance of Mister Honton’s, as well?”
. Tony didn’t mean anything by it. It’s nearly midday in Malibu, not here. Here it’s late evening, the sinking sun still bright with summer.
Expectations are dangerous—much like knives. Like knives, expectations can be used to wound quite effectively when wielded by someone who knows what they’re doing. An expert in knives could kill you with surgical precision, perform actual surgery on you, turn a ream of paper into a pop-up book about Baroque architecture, or simply graze your skin in a clean scratch. A master manipulator can lead you toward feelings of disappointment, surprise, self-loathing, or gratitude.
The sky is a tangle of canopy, energy blasts, lightning, and arrows. Pairs break off, some mirrored—the two Spider-Men swing toward each other—others chronologically askew—Iron Fist ducking the claws of a Wolverine wearing a uniform the X-Men haven’t worn in years. The cannonade of thunder harmonizes with the barrage of explosions.
Tony wonders what Wong thinks Tony’s going to do with it, if not use it, but he’s a practiced liar and offers plausible deniability by saying, “I’ve had plenty of practice resisting temptation since I left off the hooch.”
“You’re going to give in eventually. Or I’ll make you. Either way, I’ll have you, your cunningness, your ruthlessness.”
It’s not that Steve might not have clicked on those, if he’d done the search himself in the first place. (If he’d had someone to teach him how to use the internet other than a ten-minute video.) It’s that he’d have known who was presenting the information. He’d have been able to look up the dates of any clips he saw.
“Hey.” It’s suddenly important that Tony says this before he falls asleep. “Thanks for letting me switch decorators.”
Wong plucks a book from a crowded shelf. His house has more books than the town library, more even than Tony’d once had in the halls of his New York City mansion. The tome Wong sets on the table between them looks ordinary enough, to Tony’s eye. “I’ll give it to you,” Wong says slowly, “only because I don’t want it in here a moment longer.”
A good man wouldn’t kill an unarmed one. But Tony’s not a good man, and his only regret is that when he lodges that knife into the hollow spot where the fella’s jaw ends is that he’s done it on his own front porch, in broad daylight and plain view of the whole town.
He wishes he could just talk to Tony himself. Ask him what’s wrong, how he can help. But he and Tony aren’t like that anymore—if they ever were. The camaraderie they’d shared before the Civil War feels like a daydream. Tony has every reason to be wary of him, Steve reminds himself. Of course, the thought does nothing to alleviate his worry.
She meets his gaze, her eyes blazing. “Tony says you’ve worked out your differences and everything, so I’m trusting you, alright Steve?” Steve nods again. “He doesn’t want anyone to know, so you can’t tell anyone this, or that I told you. Okay.” She takes a deep breath. “It’s the shrapnel in his chest.”
Steve wants to hit something. His fingers try to curl into fists, and the letter starts to tear along one of the folds. For the first time in days his heart is racing, and he’s feeling, he’s feeling so much, too much, his rage is large enough to swallow cities. Tony, the futurist, no doubt predicted Steve would react like this; but if he did, he would’ve been entirely wrong about the reason.
Tony scoffs a little. “Yeah, right. Probably they just popped into the back of their van for a quickie threesome.”
“You weren’t found guilty of that,” Jen says, also not for the first time. “Tony was right; people need heroes.”
One night at an Extremis bar in Nob Hill, a woman with pearly skin and a fervent look in her eyes takes a seat next to him. She taps her Louboutins fast as a hummingbird’s heartbeat. “I’ve met Tony Stark, you know,” she says.
Steve wonders if it feels hot out to Tony, if he even feels the ambient temperature any more, or if the swimsuit and the cold drink are all for show.
Tony’s hand makes contact with Steve and instead of standing on the scuffed linoleum of the town health-food co-op under the fluorescent lights listening to Gene Kelly through crappy speakers he’s in free-fall, his stomach swirling, white dots like snowflakes dancing in front of his eyes, and Steve’s dressed like a 4th of July mascot and he has Brian, wearing a gaudy red and yellow costume, pinned against the wall of a skyscraper.
we figured that the five of us must’ve all walked into a node and then gotten lost in different parts
Okay. He has enough information to form some conclusion about what's happening right now. The symbols on his skin are probably the source of the magical after-effects he's still feeling, and possibly part of the reason he's awake. Or alive. Steve's in his uniform, which could mean any number of things. That he's just come from a mission, or about to head to one, that he has business or wants to be able to pretend to have business to attend to. That talking to Tony
Stark’s got two empty bottles of whiskey in front of him, and a half-drunk one in his hand when Steve walks inside. The batwing doors swivel closed behind him and he takes stock of the saloon. Neppie isn’t among the dancers tonight. The other men are at the poker tables, playing or watching. Stark’s alone at the bar with his bottles.
Missus Knight speaks plainly and keeps Steve’s eye the whole while, barely glancing down at her sewing. Her stitches are quick and even, unhampered by her false arm.
At least here no one counts on him for anything. He’s not expected to lead or inspire anyone. He’s not even responsible for arranging his own meals. There are no consequences for losing track of time.
Steve’s shield rends the unibeam housing, sinks through the metal plate, and breaks the Skrull’s sternum with a fleshy crunch.
Steve comes twice more before he takes his hand off Tony’s mouth and collapses over him, resting his weight on his own arms so he doesn’t crush Tony under him. He uses Tony’s head as a pillow for his own. Tony shifts as much as he can, finally getting his feet under him. Steve never so much as rested a hand on Tony’s cock. Tony’s not even sure he got hard.
Steve kisses back, hard and eager and utterly straightforward. The intensity sets Tony trembling. Steve’s hand lights on Tony’s waist, a hummingbird hovering to suckle at a sweet bloom. It pulls Tony to him as surely as if Tony were trapped there.
“Mister Wong says this book’s turned hale and hearty men into pale, cold things as can’t stand the sunlight or swallow anythin’ that ain’t human blood.”
“But this is adorable,” Tony croons. “That’s why you’ve been so eager to give it up? Do you love me, Steve? Do you care?”
“I have a friend in New York,” Wong replies. He doesn’t sound happy about it. “He’ll be able to hide it. Keep it safe.” With that, he kicks his mount into motion and is off.
Tony lifts one arm—even doing that taxes his weakened muscles—and brings one of the symbols on his skin up to his nose. The exertion leaves him a little light-headed. The paint smells resiny, almost like turpentine. If he wipes away some of the markings, will it affect the spell? Will whatever practitioner placed them there be able to tell? He lets his arm fall and leans over to take another sip of water. He must be trying to move too fast, because he feels dizzy. Deep, slow breaths. Slow sips. Inhale, exhale. In. Out.
The gatekeeper laughs, and though it is a laugh that slithers up Tony’s spine in a prickle, it is a joyful one. He tosses his head like a dog shaking water from its coat. “Shoulda known,” he says. He skitters to one side on thin, branching limbs and heaves the gate open. “Off you go then, Mister Stark.”
Tony pauses the show. “Oh, I mean, it probably won’t. I have it under control.” He’s not meeting Steve’s eyes.
you are. Steve, Steve. My dear, naive, idiotic Steve. I spent every day of my life trying to live up to you. Everything I ever did—including the things you hated me for—oh,
Stark catches Steve’s eyes in the mirror and lets his hands, which have been holding his head up, drop to opposite elbows. He lets his head fall into the bar, his arms catching his forehead. “Can’t’cha let me alone for one night?”
When Tony sends for him, it’s with a self-piloted helicopter that lands on the roof of Steve’s hotel.
Steve stared, transfixed, at his name on Tony's wrist. Tony set out to catalogue and memorize every minute detail of Steve's face. The angle of the sun, the dust motes in the air, the sound of Steve’s breath. He never wanted to forget this. And it staved off the fear that this was a dream.
A man on a horse gets close enough Tony can hear the mount's breath. Tony punches the man off his saddle.
“Don’t think I will,” Tony replies, still walking toward him. Hell if he’ll let some tenderfoot stop him from going in his own front door. Around them, the wind stirs up scrub and dirt in its hurry through town.
If Captain America takes more than 2375 damage in a single hit, create a Team Cap Escalation tile. If the damage is dealt by a member of Team Iron Man, the threshold to create a tile drops to 1910. If the damage is dealt by Iron Man himself, the threshold drops to 1750.
Beside him, Tony closes his eyes and says in a quiet voice, “Sorry, Victor. Sort of.” In the space between blinks, his empty hands come to clasp a leather-bound book.
The outlet highlights the conspicuous absence of any phones, tablets, or computers. Steve must not want him to learn what he’s missed from the news. Tony remembers sitting up in a bed like this one, in Oklahoma, what feels like a lifetime ago, and reading headlines calling him a fascist and a monster. Accusing him of rolling out the red carpet to let Skrull ships into Earth's airspace. Blaming him for Steve's death.
Stark begins the story. He talks with his hands, and his hands talk with his whole arms. Steve can't help but notice how often Stark turns and grins at Neppie.
Sam says, “Steve, I know he was… important to you. But I don’t have a lot of nice things to say about the guy. You wanna talk, I’m here to listen, but I don’t know if I can do much else.”
Striding from one mound of earth to the next is slow going, and he loses his footing more than once. The river water is more mud than liquid, his boots sinking inches with each moment he stands there, his trousers soaked through with muck up past his knees. Each time he stumbles into the water, the agitation floods the air with the mossy, smoky smell of peat. He tries not to think of Scotch whisky.
“They’re, uh, also sharp enough to use as weapons,” Steve says, shuffling his feet. “And strong enough, too; they’re adamantium under the gold.”
May if he stayed here, where there’s no need for Captain America, Steve could just—rest. Be. Find out what’s important to him, what he wants to be, without the shield.
James’, however, had been seriously waylaid in Kazakhstan. “Seriously waylaid” is a phrase which here means that he was suffering from three gunshot wounds, one in his thigh and two in his shoulder, had been shoplifting from markets to feed himself, had made over a week of his journey on foot, and had lost contact with his handlers two weeks prior.
The slapping sound of his hand on his cock grows wetter and faster. His fist grazes Tony’s skin now and then, a soft pressure against his ass that makes Tony whimper. Steve groans in response, like Tony’s moaning in pleasure, egging him on.
Steve emerges from the coffee shop with a pair of steaming paper cups. Tony takes his eagerly, the warmth already reaching him through his gloves. “You brought me coffee,” he says, giving Steve a peck on the cheek. “My hero.”
“Let’s play a game,” Tony purrs. “It goes like this: I’m the powerful lord of an opulent island prison, and you’re my captive.”
. “I will accept an apple in return for allowing you to pass me. For my guidance, I require further payment.”
“Just gonna give way and let yourself get strung up, is that it?” Steve asks, furious. “‘N what about those who’ll come to prefer that to seein’ you souse yourself like you’re brinin’ a pickle?”
Tony’s heart races. Extremis displays his accelerating heart rate, flashing warnings, graphing each ragged breath.
The scent of ammonia hits him again, and he can tell he's fading, can feel the stifling wrapped-in-clouds sensation of painkillers, but he knows that means something, reminds him of something. AIM labs tend to have that singed, methane-flavored scent of Bunsen burners and oxy-fuel. On Skrull ships, you get either the earthy, faintly fungal smell of Skrull exertion, or the sulfuric hints of whatever they use as a cleaning product. Hala smells a little like New York, Tony thinks, or tries to; his brain feels like an unwieldy gastropod oozing into the corners of his skull. Right. Hala. Petrichor and a hint of sewage. The Mandarin's facilities always have a tinge of burnt ozone, which Tony attributes to something about either Makluan technology or the Mandarin's replication of it. And ammonia—ammonia makes him think of blood and the sound of automatic weapons and—and—
Steve hit the bag hard enough that an ordinary one would have broken open, but of course it wasn’t an ordinary one and it just swung back at him. Out the window, beyond the string lights and neon of Club A, the marquee of Stark Tower marched along in flashing LEDs: STARK, STARK, STARK. Tony was up there, at the very top, having a great time without Steve.
“Yes, thank you, you’re an angel, tell Wilson that Captain America’s office hours begin at 8 AM but I’m stuck in administration these days and—” the line goes dead before Tony can finish. Oh well.
Sam tries to get Steve to talk. He even asks if he wants to talk about Tony. “I mean, it’s been awhile. Is it him that’s got you looking like that, or is it something else?” When Steve doesn’t reply, he goes on, “You were fighting when he died. Is that it? You feel like it’s your fault?”
He’s still wearing his armor, Steve realizes, as he, too, stares at Tony’s cherry-red gauntlets. Steve’s still in his uniform as well. No one has bothered to inquire about their weapons or any of their gear, either because they’re being implicitly trusted, or because the technology here so surpasses their own that they’re of no danger whatsoever.
“Okay, let’s approach this illogically.” Tony winced at his words. “And anything we say or imply right now, we will bring up repeatedly and tease the other about mercilessly forever.”
It’s a lie that they both want to be true. Or pretend is true. It’s unfair to insist that it is. Tony finally shuts up, looking stricken, and Steve relishes it. Whatever else, he’ll see Tony confront what he’s done.
Their burgers arrive, then Tony’s coffee, then Steve’s next two burgers, and Steve painstakingly transcribes all of Tony’s song recommendations, and after that when they walk to Harold’s Ice Cream Parlor, Steve takes Tony’s hand and doesn’t let go until their milkshakes arrive, so maybe it was a date after all.
“To gain power over mankind, for themselves and their masters. To reap souls. To swallow them into the maw of a hellmouth.”
“We already get along so well,” Tony replied, not opening his eyes. “You find it so easy to like me and think well of me. I just figured it would change your opinion of me. Or you'd think I was just being humble.”
“Fascinating,” Vision said. He had been watching Star Trek: the Original Series and felt a kinship with Commander Spock.
Inside is an Iron Man hoodie pajama set, printed with colors and shapes corresponding to Tony’s full armor. There’s even a glow-in-the-dark arc reactor in the middle of the chest, and the hood has an extra bit of mesh printed with the faceplate hanging from it to pull down. Tony grins and puts it on over his tee, leaving it unzipped so his arc reactor glows through.
Steve watches Tony’s hands fidget in his lap, one red, one sunkissed golden skin—not that Steve can tell right now. Tony lost his hand and built a new one, a stronger one, that shoots repulsors out of the palm. Tony didn't stop at making a prosthetic that gave him the same abilities as a healthy, able-bodied person, no more than Steve would have chosen a serum that made him healthy if he could have one that gave him superhuman strength and resilience too. Everyone here is exceptional in some way, and they're here because they
He chains the collar to the bed and then leads Steve off the mattress and onto the floor. “You’re sleeping there tonight,” Tony says. He tosses Steve a blanket, saying, “Don’t try to pretend you don’t hate the cold,” then settles into bed and turns away from Steve.
Steve draws out the foreplay this time, giving Tony time to explore Steve’s body, too, until Tony’s tasted all his favorite nooks and crannies, his back is lined with rosy scratches, and his skin is lit up like a circuit. Steve’s slow preparing him, too, like he knows Tony needs gentleness there. He positions Tony head down, ass up, and fucks him hard and fast.
Maybe it should be frightening: he’s pinned, his armor gone, like a vivisected animal held open on a board with straight-pins.
“Don’t worry, I ain’t here to talk about what you won’t print. Thought I’d ask about sumthin' you have, this time.”
Well. He managed to ask Tony for this, and he got it. He’ll deal with the consequences of that, certainly, but for now—for now he’s going to enjoy himself.
He’s laid out his front porch with his second bottle when a white-haired man steps onto it in bare feet. Tony’s sure the old man is someone he knows, someone from town, maybe, who he’s walked past every day for years. He’s also sure he’s never met the man before.
“That’s a very long time, Steve. You had countless opportunities to tell me. I’m very easy to talk to.”
Tony doesn’t bother to stop himself from rolling his eyes at Steve. “Of course I would.” Before Steve can try to put into words what that means to him, Tony’s talking again. “So? Did I cheer you up? Are you ready to be distracted by snacks and video games?”
Stark tilts his head as if thinking. “You know,” he says slowly, “I don’t think I am.” His slurring sounds like an affectation, though Steve's not sure how much he can attribute that thought to Stark's cleverness and how much to his own wishful thinking.
Steve has no hope of seeing Tony again. Even if he believed they’d be together in death—and Steve doesn’t believe that, can’t allow himself such a grim hope—he has too many responsibilities. People need a hero. People need Captain America. He won’t see Tony again.
He doesn’t think any of the confetti contraptions or glitter bombs had detonated in this room, but there’s still plenty tracked in on people’s shoes, and nestled into the creases of people’s clothes and skin. And Tony’s eyelids and hair and in his eyes and even in one eyebrow.
Natasha was pretty sure that what made this a lie was that—as evidenced by Steve and Tony’s ridiculous situation with the spell—Steve was not, in fact, always honest.
"I promise," Tony says. It doesn't matter how desperate he sounds as long as Steve believes him. "Please. I won't fight you again, I can't. I can't. Even if you say no, even if you don't touch me or speak to me again, I promise."
Destroy all Escalation tiles if there are at least 5 Cap Escalation Tiles. Generate 1 Red AP per tile destroyed and 1 Yellow AP for every 2 tiles destroyed.
The people in Rockwell paintings are expressive. Their facial expressions are big, their gestures bigger. The world he paints is bright, with only the palest of shadows. They’re arranged on the page like they’re choreographed for the stage, and they move like the audience needs to see what they’re doing from the other end of the theater.
“It’s a matter of principle,” Natasha says, her face blank now, her voice mild. “What’s the point in having knives if you can’t use them to hurt people when you need to?”
“We’re trapped,” Steve says. Maria is back in her SHIELD uniform, Hyperion and Zemo in their costumes, and—oh god—Whitney, Dr. Selvig, Elektra, Crossbones, Graviton, the latest Whiplash—
He meets Tony’s gaze, face and body twisted up like a spring. Tony isn’t quite sure what’s happening, what Steve’s thinking, what Steve’s feeling.
He remembers when his days felt distinct from one another. A different problem to solve, a different challenge. Not just the fights and the villains, but the rooftop breakfasts, the late-night confidences. The evenings working quietly, separately, in the same room, enjoying each other’s company, alone together.
As usual, Steve has to take a moment to catch up. He frowns, blinking dumbly. Tony wants him to—convince him that he cares? That he’s sorry? That he doesn’t want Tony to go? Tony will still have to leave. It’s not like he can stay here indefinitely.
It’s winding down, thank god. Tony’s tie has felt too tight since he stepped into the room. Everyone knows the story now, even those who hadn’t been there. The escaped villains and the missing Cosmic Cube—the little girl, Kobik, Cube, whatever she was—have meant every working superhero has at least a passing knowledge of Pleasant Hill, SHIELD’s mild-altering incarceration center extraordinaire.
, about sleek little songbirds, of wishes carried by darting tree swallows with notched tails and white bellies.
(That’s the plane of existence created by the interdimensional conjunction of libraries and bookshops that pierces the fabric of the space-time continuum)
“Not so far as I can see. Whole town reckons I’m a murderer.” Stark leans forward, stage-whispering into Steve’s ear, “Even Neppie won’t be seen with me.”
Wong frowns and surveys Tony from toe to tail, no doubt taking in his combed hair and neatly tied cravat. Finally he nods and leads Tony toward his home, a proper wooden house on the main stretch of road. He offers tea once they’re inside, and Tony accepts so he’ll have something to do with his hands.
Jen acts as his lawyer. He’s not sure who arranged that, but it’s good optics: She-Hulk, superhero and staunch supporter of Registration, representing Captain America, traitor.
Rhodes sighs, and some of the tension leaves his posture. “I know you wanna help, Cap, but he doesn’t want anyone to see him right now. I promise that when he’s feeling better, he’ll be glad to hear that you came by.” He tilts his head. “I just won’t tell him that you knew he’s hurt.”
Hardison ploughs forward. “‘In want of a nail: Hammer, Stone implicated in murder, fraud scheme against Stark Industries,’” he reads. “This one is really straining a ‘rock, paper, scissors’ analogy. ‘Iron beats nail,’ that doesn’t even make sense.”
