07:51 PM  05/30/07
``````
suggestive.
What, the one with the elephant dude?
- “Dean Winchester, here. If you’ve got a spook I’m your mook but if not, you’ve
, okay?
A weighty and muted
“Mm,” Cas hums, a tingling buzz through the base of Dean’s skull, “once or twice.”
Get it? Trickster?
Dean rests his forehead to Cas’s shoulder and breathes deep, taking in Cas’s unique scent and willing down the sudden racing of his heart. “Flowers,” he says, rough and low.
Dean whoops, leaning back. “You little shit, I can’t believe you didn’t even
“Interesting,” he says, voice dragging heavy across the accented vowels, husky and rough as a storm at sea. His eyes cut to Castiel, a slight smile slowly curving at his lips. “Full marks for drama, I’ll give you that.”
Five minutes later finds Dean sliding into the booth opposite Sam at the Denny’s across the highway. Because it’s Sam, and of course he’s already set up camp 7 AM on a fucking Tuesday. Jesus Christ.
“And a hotdog.”
– what comes next but fuck, it hurts, how can anything hurt like this. “I can’t do it, Sammy. He— I can’t.”
The words land like a blow. Castiel takes a moment, forces himself to ask, “How long?”
Outgoing call
Cas glances over and their eyes catch. His lips tug on a smile, wide and quick and which Dean helplessly returns. Cas blindly gropes at the floor, comes up with a pair of boxers to wipe away the mess on his stomach before handing the cloth over for Dean to do the same.
Seriously, man. SO skeevy.
Understanding dawns, and Dean hides a smile to see the man’s mouth flatten in a way that means that was, in fact, exactly what he was thinking. Chick has a point, though.
06:02 PM  05/21/07
Probably-Tavel peers out disapprovingly over the rims of her specs. Dean wonders if she’s intentionally working her way through some sort of checklist to hit that peak school marm stereotype, or if he’s really just that lucky. “You’ve had ample time to catch up with the rest of the class, Mr. Winchester,” she scolds. “I suggest you make the effort to actually join us.”
10:32 AM  12/16/07
He takes a breath. Drops his eyes to check the line of goofer dust across the threshold, then up to the wreath of devil’s shoestring above the head jam.
I dunno, man. It’s all greek to me, but it looks like mostly spells. We just want to make sure there’s nothing too damaging in there that these people might’ve gotten their hands on.
06:10 PM  02/06/08
And, hell, it must be nice to talk to someone who’s got more than Harry Potter dick jokes when you’re in one of your Confucius moods.
did you—”
“Yeah, okay,” Dean says, and physically lifts the girl’s arms up off his receipts, ignoring Krissy’s splutters of indignation to place her off to the side and out of his space. “Quit your yappin’ and go count the register. Why am I paying you, again?”
11:36 AM  04/27/07
“I’ll hide this,” she says. “Our conversation. They won’t know where you are.”
sorrow; the luxury of ignorance afforded to those who live the civilian life, Marine father or no. Dean reaches over and writes,
08:41 PM  04/24/07
Dean walking through the bunker late one night, sleepless and tipsy, doing the rounds. Hears something, what? Something, he doesn’t even know what. Something strange, something familiar.
“But she’s not violent?”
Lisa obviously wants nothing to do with me, and Ben’s eight frickin’ years old! If he’s really mine…then I’m the asshole who’s been out of the picture his whole life! The kid doesn’t know me from Jack!
Dean’s hips hitch into the mattress on an aborted roll, breath catching on the exhale in something dangerously close to a whimper, but now’s definitely not the time to be thinking about
“Stop it,” Castiel demands, voice little more than a growl. “Stop it now, before it begins.”
- “This is Sa—” -
08:20 PM  04/24/07
You’ve got protection, right?
Castiel sighs down at the culinary disaster in question. The pie’s edges are burnt beyond edibility, and at some point in the baking process the pastry seemed to have…cracked, an entire half of the top crust sunken into the creamy (oh, fine,
Spread the geek! Share the love of all things dweeb!
07:46 PM  05/30/07
The smell is…highly unpleasant.
“Yeah, heh, hi, Cas. But…uh, look, now’s not really the best time…”
Uh…Jimmy??
“You started without me, Dean.”
At that, Sam can only look pointedly to where Dean’s been bouncing his foot from some unknown agitation for at
06:06 PM  06/02/07
09:04 PM  05/16/07
Drink claimed, the redhead turns to join the man, now waiting at the exit. As Dean watches, the man lifts his own cup to take a slow sip, then demurely thumbs away the resulting bit of whipped cream that clings to his upper lip. Those lips curve on a lazy smile, and Dean’s eyes guiltily jerk up to lock with the man’s own; instantly demolishing any hope that Dean hadn’t been caught staring.
04:50 PM  05/12/08
Aw, c’mon!
The echo answers, many miles away.
“Oh…oh, Dean.”
Castiel sighs down at the rather substantial pile of clothes left on the floor, yet to be cleaned. The washers only handle small loads, and the cycles run frustratingly long. Add in the fact that most will need to be hung up to dry — no matter the setting, the dryers always leave fabrics smelling slightly scorched – and laundry had quickly become the bunker's most hated chore.
05:37 PM  11/20/07
against a groan of his own. Goddamn sneaky
keeps him well-enough occupied until around the two-hour mark. Dean’s more than used to skipping lunch, he is, but turns out he did a piss poor job of factoring in that literal hours of being surrounded by food at the midday might just come back and bite him in the ass.
They both stare, a beat long enough it occurs to Dean he might’ve fucked up. Then the scruffy brunette takes a step forward and the redhead’s expression lights on something downright
07:43 PM  05/30/07
Dean hides his smile behind his sandwich and kicks at Sam’s shin under the table. “Bitch.”
“No way.”
06:04 PM  06/02/07
‘Cause they’ve outgrown their B-cups!
Cool.
“—doesn’t mean! He’s not a state-certified guide dog! He’ll be good for you, Dean!”
, and suddenly it got
“You go out as frequently as ever, you tell me when you do. So, why have you stopped?”
6’1, brown-blond hair, green eyes… We keep active, so I’m pretty fit. Freckles everywhere, man, chicks dig it.
Dean takes another cautious few steps forward. “I know, buddy. It’s been a while.”
07:06 PM  04/01/07
``````
“I was…well, I was kinda hoping you could tell me.”
DISGUSTINGLY FLUFFY, YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.
07:25 AM  12/25/07
, Sam is breaking
“Mm,” Cas says, indulgent, before brushing a welcoming kiss to the thin skin below Dean’s ear and, drawing slightly away, “How was lunch?”
“Sam? Yes, Dean speaks of you quite often.”
The demon who killed our parents, we called him Yellow Eyes. Don’t know who he was, really, but he’s big fish. Like nothing we’ve ever seen before.
I mean…sorry…
I told you!! The boots are what make Dr. Sexy sexy!
09:09 PM  01/02/08
The Trickster snorts. “Believe me, this is the most well-protected fortress against all things weird this side of the equator. Which begs the question,” he fixes Castiel with a piercing look, “who the
Oh, dude, Star Trek: DS9 marathon on Spike.
I mean, ‘Castiel,’ how do you even pronounce that?
There’s a long and – for Sam, who feels very suddenly helpless and lost and 5 years old, watching Dean watch the door, waiting for Dad, two days gone – suffocating silence.
The wonders of a full keypad.
“…What?”
“Yeah… Yeah, I know. But, I just— I got tired of lying to you, man.”
“I can’t. Fuck, I— Cas, I can’t.”
“No, not at all!” the woman says, a smile back in her voice, and she steps forward to offer Dean her elbow. She slowly guides the way through the small indoor space of the café and back outdoors, the smell of greenery and gardens and the twitter of small, fat birds hopeful for crumbs.
. I don’t know about you, but I’m not looking to get picked up by Henriksen just because we stopped to book a room in the first city out.”
09:13 PM  02/01/08
“Rest assured,” Castiel says, “I can deliver exactly what it is I promise.”
The bunker’s laundry machines, in a word, suck ass.
proximity to the university, Juan’s usual clientele tends towards nervous co-eds and stoned grad students. Not, if he had to guess, 30-something businessmen.
“Wait, just…wait. You did some digging, right? I get it, no way you’d buy what I’m selling if you didn’t. So how ‘bout this. We ran into another shapeshifter case in Milwaukee, back in…uh, January, I think. Look into it, okay? The news reports that clued us in on it
05:01 PM  05/29/07
“Stop,” Cas barks at the wall, not quite angry but something close enough, and then the air goes thick and electric-sharp and there’s that noise, again, louder than Dean’s ever heard but there’s no mistaking it.
If he’s bugging you, Cas, just say the word.
Cas comes in at mid-day, same as almost every Wednesday for the past four months, because Cas insists team meetings are best endured following a liberal dose of caffeine. Because Wednesdays are Cas’s weekly storyboard meetings. Because Cas is in marketing. Because these are things, apparently, Dean now knows.
. Deep, rolling chuckles; scrunched up nose and wide, gummy smile and fuck, shit, Dean is in so much fucking trouble.
“Oh, please,” Dean says. He’s been waiting for this for
06:18 PM  02/06/08
His vessel is unusually fair-skinned and has sly, light eyes that seem to match perfectly his burnished bronze hair. Castiel wonders if he crafted it himself.
Suddenly, the ridiculousness of it all catches up to him, and Dean fucking
``````
There are few things in this world more Hellish than navigating a Wal-Mart at 5 o’clock on a weekday, but sometimes needs must.
I shouldn’t have blown up your phone like that, I guess.
Crazy, man. Worse than fuckin’ Sammy.
“Dean,” Cas says, low, and Dean realizes his breathing is too fast, too harsh; that he’s got one hand fisted in Castiel’s hair and the other gripped on his shoulder, thumb pressing in hard at the fabric of the angel’s collar. “Dean,” and Castiel (blindly, oh, fuck) turns his head, just a bit, and suddenly Dean’s taking in shuddering breaths of the air from Castiel’s own mouth; wide and soft and lips very, very pink.
If the demon wishes to leave, he’ll have to walk. Castiel, however, has larger concerns. “Gabriel, what—?”
Sam puts up a hand for a high-five. Cas doesn’t really get it, though, so he gets a hug instead.)
He opens his mouth and closes it silently once, twice, before managing, “I’m sorry, what?”
“I— We— We’ve been busy!”
you. It’s not his fight, fuck, Sam, it’s
Dean just laughs, head back and still riding the high of a good play. “Not a baseball guy?”
“Cas-
“Ah,” the demon says carefully. “I’d wondered where they’d scurried off to.”
Ha! Yeah, bet you loved that.
07:29 AM  12/25/07
09:01 PM  03/23/07
“Take out your cock.”
11:28 AM  04/27/07
Dean smiles so hard it’s a wonder something doesn’t strain. “When do I start?”
Shit, Cas, I’ve always…
“Sam? Sam, what’s wrong?”
Three states, 600 miles, and 10 hours gone, Sam wakes up in Cold Oak.
Red and Mr. Broccoli stand a few feet to the side, angled away, seeming to have fallen into companionable silence as they wait.
04:58 PM  02/18/08
07:36 PM  03/20/07
The spatula in his hand clatters to the counter, and Dean fast-walks his way straight to the showers.
And this chick, Dr. Hart, is this super hot cardiovascular badass who’s like, totally trying to poach Dr. Sexy.
07:41 PM  05/30/07
Gabriel eventually bellows a restless sigh. “Look,” he says, clunking his glass to the table with an air of finality. “You wanted to spare your damsel her distress, and I didn’t want my fave vacation spot blown out of business.” Gabriel slants Castiel a faux-stern glare. “But don’t go expecting a miracle a minute.”
Well, he tried.
Anael turns to face him, brows drawn; perhaps sensing his apprehension. “Is there something—”
. He opens the next door and sees what looks like the entryway to an apartment but, unlike the other dreams, this isn’t a place he immediately recognizes. It’s warm, and quiet, with nondescript cream walls and small, colorful art prints lining the hall.
Ah, to be young and in love.
“It’s May. I’m taking a summer sabbatical.”
Jamie barely suppresses a disbelieving scoff. Come on, now. It’s just
“Jesus, fuck, shut up shut up
08:17 PM  05/30/07
Nah, man…
Now, Sam won’t say he doesn’t
Melinda Gordon style.”
09:07 PM  02/01/08
09:28 AM  04/10/07
“Of all the possible ass in the last
. A coalescence of exquisite, useless panic pressing in from all sides.
, Dean’s alone at the motel when there’s an unexpected knock on the door.
” He rocks back on his heels. “The angels have been gone for a
“Disgusting creatures,” Uriel sneers. “I don’t see why we don’t just wipe out the lot of them.”
, Castiel,” she assures, same as every week he inevitably asks. Castiel at least has the good grace to look mildly sheepish over his wealth of worry for bee endangerment.
“Cas,
Dean breaks away from Cas’s mouth with a gasp. Cas’s free hand pointedly pulls at the collar of Dean’s overshirt. “
“I was dreaming of a beach, I think. The sand and surf silver-white under the light of the moon. I sat at the shore to feel the pull of the tide. You stood at my side, complaining the water was cold.”
04:39 AM  04/10/07
around here?”
Uh, yeah, I heard. Sam is flipping his shit!
Juan shoots Castiel a there-and-gone look of clear confusion, but in turn studies the presented design with interest. Four lines of hurried, scratchy-lined glyphs with a single larger symbol framed at the center. “Cool,” he says, slow. “What’s that, Arabic? Hebrew?”
“In the great green room,” Mary says softly, soothing and calm. “There was a telephone.”
``````
come to pass. “I can stop it. I
Cas hides a smile into the nape of Dean’s neck. “I’m reasonably sure you’ve asked that question before.”
Dean, from the door, swallows hard. He swipes at his eyes, just the once, and – with a final glance at the shade of the mother he loved – shuts the door, gentle and slow.
Dean’s left alone to the quiet, eyes to Cas’s abandoned pile of clothes and brain slowly ticking away.
Dean carefully carries the mug the few feet over to where the man sits, hyper-aware of the weight of the blue-eyed stare that follows his every move.
I’ve got company over. If you know what I mean.
‘I’m well.’
” Crowley drawls, condescendingly exact, “no.” He takes in Castiel’s stricken expression. “Oh, don’t get me wrong, it’s an attractive offer. You hold your cards well,” he complements, sidestepping Castiel to wander back to the living room proper. “Power. Security. Glory. And all for one measly soul?
“I have high cheeks, a straight nose,” Cas eventually says, lazy and slow. “A cleft chin.”
Dean owns the diner because he’d learned, long ago, that family don’t end in blood.
“Michael’s gonna be
“Are…” Dean cuts off, honestly having
Sam jerks like Dean just hit him with a cattle prod. “Oh, um, this is Jess. She’s one of our court reporters.” Jess leans forward to see around Sam’s massive frame, long curls falling loosely over her shoulder. Dean does the same, offers a small wave. “Jess, this is my brother, Dean.”
10:48 PM  03/09/07
Eventually, Cas lifts himself off Dean, carefully slipping out and rolling away with a soft groan, putting them shoulder-to-shoulder and panting to the ceiling.
06:47 PM  12/07/07
Castiel’s hands curl into fists at his knees, knuckles white.
that comes with it.
Yeah, Cas, that’s pretty much the gist of it.
``````
06:04 PM  05/21/07
09:55 AM  01/21/08
11:09 AM  03/29/07
03:36 PM  03/27/07
, long and loud and his knees nearly give but Cas holds him steady, doesn’t let him fall. “Cas—” Dean gulps in desperate pants of breath and Cas’s hand never slows, “—tiel, Castiel, oh, fuck, Cas, I’m gonna, I—” and he does, comes so hard his vision sparks and oh, goddamn it, in his fucking jeans, to boot.
Terminator. TNT. 6 tonight. Tune in and we can educate your alien ass because honestly, HOW have you never seen this movie?
Dean turns, catching Cas at the waist and pulling him into a proper kiss. “Tell you in a minute,” he says, thumbs teasing low on Cas’s sides and relishing the smile it draws, pressed against his lips. Dean sways back and steps towards the hallway, one hand tugging at his overshirt as the other trails the wall, guiding his way. He veers into the bedroom and calls down the hall, “It’s Sunday! No pants allowed!”
Castiel, the little shit, keeps his glare firmly locked on Dean the entire way through jerkily removing the suit jacket. He pointedly drops it in the minimal space between them.
And, I shit you not, this chick, cool as a cucumber, says, “I’ve got a bit and harness at mine, stud. You gonna let momma take you for a…ride??”
!!!!!!!
“Hello, Dean.”
Castiel blinks his way back to awareness and reaches for the desk’s third mug, this one half full. He drinks the coffee long gone cold and grimaces at the sour taste. He takes another sip, regardless.
- “This is Sam, leave a message.” -
“Castiel,” Gabriel says softly, lays a hand to the top of his head.
“Um…hi. Is this…Cas?”
06:26 PM  04/21/07
The air at Cas’s back shimmers and wavers in rippling waves, and Dean doesn’t think the whiskey’s to blame.
“What the
“Alright,” Dean says, and turns toward the aisle. “How ‘bout you, Cas?”
“I ain’t gonna fuck you,” he says, voice gruff, “but I’ll talk you through it.”
Dean huffs a laugh, digs into the bag to pull a healthy handful. “Thanks, man.”
07:44 PM  05/30/07
Sam’s face does the thing it does when he thinks Dean is being overdramatic. Dean rolls his eyes on principle alone.
Dean realizes he’s staring, and hurriedly places the coffee on the counter with a stammered, “Yeah, uh, cool. Uhm…enjoy, dude,” and Dean’s head whips up as he feels the man lightly touch the back of his hand, suspended over the lightly steaming mug and frozen as sure as if the man were Midas himself.
“Fuckin’
``````
“It’s better when it’s wet,” he says, voice fucking
08:29 PM  05/30/07
body) instinctively flinching away from the unfamiliar pain. He pushes it aside best he can, marks the throbbing ache as unimportant as he holds his hand above the bowl and lets the blood flow.
“Dude,” says Sam. He leans in from his seat, and his chair — cheap, sun-brittle and one of many lining the wall — creaks and cracks under the man’s considerable weight. Sam seems unconcerned, and Castiel pushes down his sudden alarm. “Was it true she had her brother assassinated so that her son by Caesar could take the Ptolemaic throne?” Sam asks, bright-eyed and eager. “No, wait, did she really kill herself with a poisoned hair comb? No,
“It’s alright. I can wait.”
Lilith whips around as much as she’s able. “
Yeah, okay.
Yep, and it was the same douche we tangoed with in Springfield. We thought we’d killed him, but he’s obviously more slippery than we thought.
“Mm-hm,” Sonny deadpans, then, “Four to eight sounds like a decent enough shift. How’s $6 an hour?”
) broth, turkey and vegetable filling.
“Ah, yeah,” Sam says, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. He offers a quick half-shrug in the face of Dean’s increasingly wary expression. “I was just…ordering a pizza.”
That is…SO lame.
“Where are you? Should I call Sam? Are you safe?”
and Dean uses his cane to knock around until he finds the step up to the entrance. The smell of fresh food, even from outside, is giveaway enough, but Dean swipes curious fingers across the door and feels the tell-tale texture of an Hours of Operation embossed on the glass, set right below some fancy-ass swirl of lettering Dean’s gonna go ahead and assume reads
Aw, hell. This is one of those apple pie Bible Belt conservative values things, isn’t it?
Silence falls, man and archangel glaring from opposite sides of the hall. But Castiel has always been patient.
Juan’s eyes catch and stick on the screen. Staring. Again.
Hell, yes. I’ll drink to that.
well, if ur gonna, txt me at 8669073235
07:06 PM  01/26/08
“Thanks, man. Want anything, Jess?”
08:26 PM  04/24/07
07:41 PM  05/30/07
Understanding dawns. “Lilith.”
Transfer from washer to dryer,
Why, Dean?”
07:05 PM  04/01/07
Dean physically jerks in surprise. Chest tight, he leans in to write on the paper still trapped under Cas’s hand, a hurried scrawl,
“The cow jumping over the moon!” the boy says, perking up slightly. Mary laughs, then sucks in a short breath as she drops a hand to her belly, rubbing circles. The Dean in her lap sits up excitedly. “Is the baby kicking, mommy?”
Bullshit, that’s playing dirty!
“Well. Hello, Dean.”
They turn as one to Crowley. For a drawn, weighted moment the demon keeps his silence, eyes on Lilith all the while.
As it turns out, John may be dead, but Sam really hasn’t changed as much as he’d like to think he has.
07:16 PM  03/20/07
Dean hears the distinctive squeak of tennis shoes on concrete and turns, just in time to see Cas himself come through the door.
seriously—”
“Looks like it,” the other replies. “There’s tons of corroborative accounts, way too elaborate to be a hoax.”
“…Wow.
05:49 PM  05/21/07
“Dude,” Dean laughs around the mouth of his beer. “You
Don’t be a dick, I’m being serious!
Crowley begins to pace, then shortly re-routes to Castiel’s kitchen table, readily accessible through the living room’s adjoining breakfast nook. He picks up the small bottle of whiskey Castiel indulged in – too liberally, perhaps – just the night before, knowing (
When, earlier in the evening, Dean had disrupted the lazy quiet the three had established in the brothers’ motel room with a sharp clap and a loudly declared, “Laundry time, Sammy!” the younger Winchester had released a drawn, miserable groan, looking quite put-out at the prospect. Castiel hadn’t understood at the time, but is beginning to believe Sam may have had the right of it.
``````
Cas wraps both hands around the warmth of his cup, holding it close. “Of course.”
Dean frowns, straightening in his seat. “What’s up?”
It’s one of those things I never thought I’d have, you know? Our life, the hunter life…
“Ah, Cas…”
Uriel’s grace flares in uncharacteristic irritation. Castiel looks to the sky as the previous steady beat of rain suddenly becomes an unforgiving deluge.
Dean slaps him again.
“Maybe that’s true. I don’t care.”
The dead leg collapses Cas into Dean, off-balance: left knee knocking into Dean’s hip and right foot skidding out for purchase before Dean lifts his hips and twists, putting Cas suddenly flat on his back on the mattress and Dean braced above, legs a tangled mess between them but tables successfully turned.
Fuck. Sorry, I just…
04:49 PM  05/12/08
Sam clears his throat and looks at Dean expectantly. “So…you talked to him?”
Right. Good talk.
Heh. Tricks.
“You speak to me of fear, injury, loss and loneliness. You once detailed to me the process behind hot-wiring a vehicle! You have no
“Shuddup,” Dean roughly returns, swiping a quick thumb under one eye. “Sun’s in my eyes, c’mon, you know how it is.”
Just get your ass back here. You’ve obviously been holed up in that library too damn long.
03:30 PM  12/07/07
‘Candor.’ You MUST be playing me again.
No, I sure as hell don’t. And you won’t either, you hear me?
“I…yeah. Yeah, Cas.”
Days of research and worry, and Dean finally dares to leave the relative safety of the panic room. Only a few days more before the restlessness and quiet and
“Oh.”
baseball.”
One moment Dean is running through the woods, sights set on Sam ahead, and in the next he’s standing alone in a long, narrow hallway, the walls colored green and dark in a camouflage impression of the forest he’d just stumbled in from.
“And Joseph?”
07:10 AM  04/29/07
(“Sam,” Cas hisses, crouched at the back-rear tire of his pickup and peeking out over the bed. “He’s coming back.”
06:56 PM  04/01/07
Eileen signs, and Dean promptly chokes on his drink. Sam barks a laugh and Eileen smirks, wordlessly tipping her beer in her husband’s direction. Sam closes the distance with one absurdly long limb to clink their bottles together in cheers, Dean glaring murder all the while.
Dang. Is it Thanksgiving already?
“Come on,” Sam says as he somehow maneuvers all eight foot twenty of himself out of the booth. “We can head that way and see what kind of info we can scrounge up.”
“He is…crass. And irreverent. Often equal parts enthusiasm and churlishness.” Castiel pauses, eyes in the middle distance and completely oblivious to his date’s expression; confused eyes and brows high in surprise. “He hurts, I think, under the weight of his responsibilities. Which are many. And Dean would never admit to it, of course, but he has such tremendous capacity for caring. Too much so, I fear.” A wry twist of lips. “He is perhaps the best man I’ve ever known.”
on the café window and turns to see Dean, smiling as he holds up some newsprint. Sam distractedly waves him in, lowering his voice to say, “Well, maybe we got the translation wrong.” He glances at the building entrance as Dean comes through, hunching into himself even more to rush out, “Look, we can’t just let Dean fry in hell while we—” only to be cut off by Bobby’s
Sam exhales on a choking sort of cough, as if Dean doesn’t know exactly what he sounds like trying to conceal a laugh. “You, uh,” he says, tellingly strained. “You sure you’d know the difference…?”
Cas stalks his way to their booth and immediately sits, plopping down next to Dean and bullying him across the vinyl with pointy elbows and even pointier fingers.
They quickly fall into a somewhat awkward silence. Castiel unnecessarily clears his throat, snatching up the wine list and thumbing it open.
Point is, Sam has learned to pick and choose those particular battles. But there are
“I-It’s all, it’s. Jus’ needed t-to, to call, you, I—”
Sam, miraculously, says nothing. He instead opts to make his feelings abundantly clear by hunkering down in his seat, arms crossed and pretending to settle in for sleep while really just huffing and puffing his way into a proper sulk. Dean elects to forget the original plan of heading to Bobby’s and keeps them decisively pointed west, resolutely ignoring the heaviness in his chest.
Jesus, what?
“What,” he says, loud over the hiss of the shower and the pounding in his chest, “the
Cas, buddy.
They bicker straight through ordering their food, because Dean’s gone 32 years without so much as a passing thought to a pet fish, much less a whole goddamn dog. It’s been less than a month since Sam showed up on Dean’s doorstep with a food bowl and 30lb surprise, and already the thing thinks he’s rule of the roost; constantly underfoot and he
Dean braces both hands to the desk’s edge, head bowed and refusing to look in Castiel’s direction.
How have I not got you running for the hills?
Shitty lie aside, Dean’s thoroughly confused look around the breakfast café and subsequent distrust of their food is frickin’ hilarious.
“I do. Christ, I do.”
Well, yeah, they’ve got a Halloweenie!
06:59 PM  04/01/07
His left hand goes to Castiel’s knee, most of Dean’s weight now braced against him. He knows Cas can take it. “Higher. Faster,” he directs, and Cas’s hand goes fast and slick at the head of his cock, his breath coming in hot, desperate pants around a mindless mantra of
He jerks forward, right into Cas’s space and he’s not thinking about the fact that Castiel sways
There’s nothing, no one, save a basket on the doorstep.
“Wow. Yeah,” says Stupidly Cute, turning away from the laptop and calling Stupidly Pretty’s attention from his phone. “I think Cas is right on this one.”
“Yeah, and you
But more than that, Dean can
“It’s a case?” Stupidly Pretty asks, with not a little skepticism, and Jamie – shamelessly eavesdropping while ostensibly doodling on her seating chart – wonders
It’s 7 AM and there’s a knock at the bunker’s front door.
Tuesday special: Pig ‘n a Poke!
Dean cracks a laugh and again knocks at Sam’s leg, fondness and pride welling past the point of containment. “Wow. Just…congrats, man.”
10:10 AM  06/03/07
The name’s Dean.
Dean empties the espresso into a fresh cup then taps out the portafilter into the trash, exchanging it for a single puller for the mocha’s extra shot. A quick purge of the wand and he steams the milk, careful as always, because nothing kills a coffee like burnt dairy. Third shot in, three pumps mocha, two pumps caramel and a pour of milk, nothing fancy because why bother, though he makes up for the lack of latte art with a tall and neatly formed swirl of whipped cream. A final pour for the coffees and a sprinkle of coarse salt for the mocha and that’s two orders down, one to go.
09:11 PM  02/01/08
he’s so fucking hard. But he ignores it all and teasingly deflects, “C’mon, Cas. If you don’t do it yourself, how are you ever gonna learn?”
It’s pretty fucking adorable.
' Sure, Sammy.
“Fuck,” Dean croaks, ten seconds or ten years later, floating high and dumb in the wake of the best orgasm he’s had in…ever. “Fuck,” he repeats on the tail end of a laugh because really,
05:54 PM  05/21/07
Castiel turns, drops a kiss to the trailing arch of Dean’s raised brow. “It’s not the same.”
“What do you mean you don’t think it’ll work, Bobby? It’s a demon dispelling ritua—”
Yeah, well, I want a lot of things. Doesn’t mean I get to have them.
“Um,” Dean says.
to research for new cases – could at this point list off every program currently showing on the meagre 20-something channels available.
“Ngh, yeah. Yeah, I’m…”
Castiel flashes a smile, wide and gummy, before forcibly schooling his features. “Yes,” he says, serious and intent. “Physical activity, healthy living,” he casts a meaningful look around the farmers market, surrounded on all sides by home-made commodities and organic produce. “A truly laughable consideration.”
And I knew it was a long shot but I was hoping you’d… God, I don’t know, I’m sorry. Sorry, I—”
“‘M jus’ so tired, Cas.”
09:14 PM  03/23/07
04:27 PM  11/16/07
“I would very much like to hear you come.”
Sam nods and reaches for the phone in Dean’s hand. Dean instantly scurries back; cell clutched protectively to his chest.
they were itching like crazy!
Hey, it ain’t bragging if it’s true!
Dean pulls his M1911 and silently steps to the door, hoping but not really expecting that Sam’s simply back early from the clusterfuck of a situation the local sheriff's office calls a records room. Hey, maybe his hands are just too full with the Mexican takeout Dean demanded for dinner to open the door himself.
08:12 AM  04/01/07
Cas flinches but doesn’t turn, head ducking further and he doesn’t speak. Officially freaked the fuck out, Dean is three steps into the wide bare room in the space of a blink because what if he’s hurt, what if one of the wards fucked his mojo, what if—
“Ugh, fine, you dork. I’ll text you later, alright?”
open and raw. Small, thick noises of pained desperation escape him with every shaky push of his hips, and he breaks their kiss to hide his face in Dean’s neck.
“Are you absolutely certain? Sam, please, he’s my friend.”
Dean thinks, as if for the first time, it’s
Today, though, is Valentine’s Day. Today, Dean is going to
Dean groans as he lies down across the front bench, stiff from grave digging and the drive. “Watch your feet, Sammy,” he grumbles. “Scuff the leather and you’re a dead man.”
“Shit, sorry. Um, have you heard from Dean today?”
Emergency extraction. Just give the word and I’ve got you covered with a good ol’ fashioned ‘family crisis’ call, alright?
He both loves and hates the way Cas’s eyes never once leave Dean’s face, intense and knowing and allowing him nowhere to hide. More than once Dean rolls his head back to pant his pleasure to the ceiling only to be inevitably drawn back, green eyes to blue and no more secrets, no more unanswered prayers or uncertainties or years and years of Dean’s own bullshit denials left between them.
Tall, dark, and be-trenched finally turns from the wall and steps up to the counter.
“You’re sodding insane!”
The cold wash of dread is enough to take Castiel’s already weak knees. He falls into the wall, catches himself by grace of the table at his side, its adornments giving an alarming rattle. Gabriel watches closely, giving nothing away.
Dean blinks blearily at the newly-illuminated screen.
Dean inhales a shaky breath. “Just… Shut your eyes, man.”
“What do I, what…?”
“Too late, now. He made the deal, all his own.”
You don’t get to think about this kind of stuff. Kids, family, home. It’s a goddamn pipe dream.
10:46 PM  03/09/07
05:28 PM  11/20/07
- “This is Dean’s other, other cell so, you must know what to do.” -
this phones 2 shitty 4 txting
“Yes,” Cas agrees, trying and failing to school his features back to neutral. “You will.”
, it says, a simple truth and answer to all Cas wants, all Cas needs to know. The immediate end to the only real and honest friendship Dean’s ever built and wanted and
05:58 PM  06/02/07
“Are you really driving?”
Cas tenses under Dean’s hands, and that plus the split-second smell is the only warning he gets before he’s suddenly assaulted by a face-full of fur. Dean lets out a smothered yelp as short legs and rough, blunt-nailed paws batter and claw at the back of his head and neck as Gabriel struggles to settle, because apparently there’s a party in Cas’s lap and Gabe wants in. Cas’s stern voice calls out from above, ordering Gabriel down just as Dean manages to free his head from the unexpected weight.
“Castiel,” the man replies with a firm handshake and slight smile of his own.
to be…”
Castiel crosses his arms and raises his eyes to the ceiling. “This is entirely beside the point.”
In love with an asshole who’s also, apparently, a monster in the sack. Who’da thunk.
``````
09:05 PM  03/23/07
``````
The ingredients of the summoning burst into flame, unexpectedly high and bright, and Castiel raises an arm to block his eyes from the sudden searing light. The roar of the fire quickly dies, and he cautiously lowers his arm, blinking away the dancing red-yellow-white orbs obscuring his sight.
Dean pulls the sleeve from his apron pocket and slips it onto the cup, one raspberry vanilla latte. He takes a breath and turns, sees Cas still hovering at the register, halfway to dropping something into the tip jar. They both freeze, a second of wide-eyed surprise and Cas guiltily jerks back, the white folded paper he holds swiftly disappearing back into the sleeve of his trench.
“Dude, why’s your junk hanging out??”
“Yes,” Castiel agrees. “It is.”
09:51 AM  03/10/07
``````
Well…good.
wtf, really?
(And Cas probably planned it that way, the bastard.)
Jesus, what if he’s really mine?
Who better to know the latest and greatest in the world of geek than you, right?
It’s good, impossibly good for less than an inch of wet heat but Dean’s knees very nearly give at the first sight of Cas’s thick lips bowed around Dean’s length. Dean’s releases the grip on his dick to instead brush through the hair at Cas’s forehead, combing up to grip at the thick of it, keeping Cas still as he begins to shallowly fuck into Cas’s mouth. Cas takes it without complaint, completely pliant under Dean’s hold and he can’t help the broken, desperate moan that tears from his throat.
Cas! Cut it out!”
And, Christ on a cracker, please tell me that’s not a smiley face.
08:08 PM  04/24/07
“That ‘demon shit,’” Dean cuts through, low and dangerously flat, pauses to point an accusing finger at the dark blank screen of the tube TV, “just got a dozen people killed. Innocent people we were supposed to
, Dean can’t help but laugh.
, and
Dean surreptitiously watches from the register as the man carefully tucks his bulging canvas duffle at his feet and slides into the barstool. The diner isn’t particularly crowded this morning, the man’s usual spot wide open, and Dean wonders what prompted the change as he hurriedly rings out the register before turning to pour a fresh cup of hot coffee.
For a long moment the room is deathly still, Dean’s uneven breaths the only thing to fill the silence between them until, all at once, something in Dean abruptly snaps into place. This is
03:30 PM  12/07/07
Cas’s eyes narrow in on the cup in Dean’s hold. A moment’s hesitation, and his hand slowly lifts, placing the note to the counter and sliding it towards Dean.
What, not even a little weekend nookie? Come on, man, I’ve seen your pics. You should have no problems scoring with the ladies!
” Dean says. “Four months, then I’m gone. I should’ve never—” he swallows hard, and can only hope the dark of the late hour conceals his white-knuckled grip on the wheel. “I should’ve stepped back as soon as the deal was made, should’ve never dragged Cas in.”
Dean half-rises from his seat with a cheer, echoed by fans throughout the stadium as Hernández successfully steals second, sliding in a bare inch under the shortstop’s glove. Dean gives a second victory whoop and turns his smile on Castiel, sees the man looking more startled than elated.
06:18 PM  02/06/08
You should see him, Cas. He’s such an awesome kid. A little badass in the making.
There’s a lot of things that hide in the dark, Cas. Nightmares are real, and it’s our job to kill them.
06:00 PM  06/02/07
hold the contract,” Castiel fires back. “You are second-in-command. Make the trade, take the power I provide and end her rule. Lucifer will never see the light of day.”
It’s done. Crowley is gone, and Gabriel went…somewhere. Kind of him, Castiel thinks distantly, to remove Lilith’s body from his apartment in the process. Castiel drains his glass, takes up the bottle to pour another drink.
The door has opened into a child’s bedroom. Inside, Mary Winchester sits in a well-loved rocking chair, golden and beautiful in the soft glow of the reading lamp at her side. She’s heavily pregnant and a boy, no more than four, sits curled and content in her lap; tucked to her side and head resting to her chest, his sleepy eyes on the wide and colorfully illustrated book Mary holds before him.
Dean shuts his eyes, and does what he has to do.
The Trickster shrugs loosely, his words drawn out in a lazy, upbeat drawl. All the time in the world. “I was curious, at first. Who’s this ‘Cas’ I’m hearing so much about?” His voice takes on a mocking edge. “‘Cas says this.’ ‘Cas says that.’ ‘Text Cas, Sammy, he’ll know what to do!’” He wanders forward as he speaks, though Castiel stands his ground. “And here I thought I knew the whole gang.”
Dean huffs and heads inside; so much for hoping the joint wouldn’t be exactly as frou-frou as it sounds.
dissolved into an epic screaming match over all the risks Cas had taken since they’d talked last and Spanish Inquisition levels of interrogation over why Dean thought it was okay to sell his soul for Sam in the first damn place.
``````
Which means…the fight for humanity’s all that’s left. Free will and all the pain, ugliness, fear; love and joy and
Dean’s not pulling away, though. Isn't sure he could even if he tried.
Of course he doesn’t know Dean’s name – he didn’t
09:08 PM  01/02/08
08:04 PM  04/24/07
11:38 PM  04/20/07
“No, I haven’t. Though he did inform me yesterday that he was busy, and with you. On a job, he said. His silence today, I thought nothing of it.”
Everyone knows that one, dude.
Dean looks doubtful. “I don’t know, man. That’s just asking for trouble.”
09:01 PM  04/24/07
“Uh, I dunno, we could
“—and at this rate he’s gonna get us
“Hey, uh,” Sam calls to Dean, “give me your phone.”
``````
Juan smiles, a slight flush creeping along his bronze cheeks. “Yeah, dude. I’ll do it,” he says, and Castiel is struck again by the kindness of this almost-stranger, the gratefulness he feels for it.
10:08 AM  06/03/07
Castiel’s eyes drop to the surface of the desk at his side, reluctant to see Dean’s reaction as he says. “The higher-ups do not believe we possess sufficient information on the current situation as to risk a rescue.”
And, hell, until two years ago I’d never even run into one before! Now we’ve got a freaking army on our hands and no idea what they’re up to. If there’s some master plan, here, they’re keeping a pretty tight lid on it.
08:24 PM  05/30/07
said, over a handshake and a smile the first day the man sat at the counter instead of the corner table he’d previously favored. This was, incidentally, also the day Dean learned of the man’s deafness.
Cas's features flinch, just the barest bit. “I was…” he says, carefully setting his pen to the table, “lost.” Cas splays his hands flat against the formica. “I didn’t want to be there,” he continues and, defiant, finally lifts his eyes to meet Dean’s own. “I didn’t want to learn.”
09:12 PM  05/16/07
“And pancakes,” he says, voice rough and warm as an asphalt road under the summer sun.
Warning: Major Character Death (though not Dean and/or Castiel)
“Hey,” Dean greets. “Who was that?”
“Uh huh,” Dean says, slow. “I’ll, uh.” He swallows down a sudden rise of giddiness, and cautiously extends the latte out between them, hand effectively covering the message along its side. “I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.”
What would you give up?
Dean is suddenly pulled from his thoughts when Sam, lounging in bed, grabs the remote and mutes the television; the low babble of the evening news easily ignored except in its absence.
07:45 PM  03/20/07
He is a young woman as he watches a kingdom burn.
I was NOT giving you the cold shoulder. So, fuck no, I don’t want you to stop texting me.
became too much to bear, Dean quickly reaching the point of really fucking done with hiding from an enemy who, as far as they could tell, simply wasn’t there.
Juan…stares. Oh
Dean doesn’t need to look to know the face that shoulder-punch earned him, but Sam pulls up his phone to peer at their ticket e-receipt regardless.
“Ah…hah, ah…shit…”
09:42 PM  05/16/07
It’s the seventh inning stretch. The sun is warm and the noise of the crowd rises and falls along with some audience participation game projected up on the jumbotron. Dean closes his eyes, tips his head back on his shoulders and simply basks in the energy surrounding him.
“Shut the fuck up,” Dean says, completely unconvincing, all but gagging for it to see Cas slowly and meticulously slick his long, beautiful fingers.
Even if he was my kid, what could I do about it?
Horrible,
Oh. Oh, god, please no.
Dean drags over the little paperback to thump lightly down in his lap, hands shaky from an overabundance of caffeine clumsily tucking it into his jacket pocket. He slides out from the booth and approaches the counter, change for the coffee ready to go for when the guy lets Dean know he’s overstayed his welcome.
05:56 PM  05/21/07
The demon reaches a hand into the interior pocket of his overcoat, and withdraws a gun – a long-barreled antique revolver. At the sight of it, Lilith
“Sneferu,” Castiel supplies.
He is an old man, and it has rained for 23 days.
Castiel schools his features to absolute neutrality. “Gabriel, who?”
Tell me where this douche lives so I can go break his face.
“What time is it?”
“Dean,
Castiel extends a hand, still standing, and Dean takes it on automatic. “Hello, Dean.”
(He doesn’t
, right at the moment Dean knows he’s gonna tip over Cas suddenly has both hands planted firmly on his ass and he
Their gazes clash; Gabriel’s eyes hard in clear warning, Castiel too angry and panicked to care.
) to minimize any raised eyebrows.
“Yes, he does. It’s nice to…meet you, as it were.”
man! Sam was in the room!”
Dean steps forward and Cas takes the cup. Dean retrieves the note from the counter and carefully unfolds the small scrap of paper.
) to the cookies ‘n creme frap (
07:34 PM  03/23/07
Castiel shoulders his way into his apartment, the heavy oak door – a complement entirely the fault of his building’s century-old architecture – sticking more so than usual and something Castiel absolutely can’t manage to muster up the patience for. It’s been a long day.
What the hell, Dean?
He disappears in a rustle of wings.
gets in the last word.
Please, Cas. I need you to promise me.
“Your damnation was Heavenly prophecy,” Castiel imparts. Best to say it plain. “You are the Righteous Man. The Michael Sword. Dean, you were meant to start the Apocalypse.” He drops his eyes to the floor. “I couldn’t let that happen.”
And he is alone.
“If you say so.” The man tucks away the pen and notepad into the recesses of his apron, says, “The name’s Sonny. Holler if you change your mind.”
got the wrong number.” -
“How about we go see Cas?” Sam continues, “It’d be cool to actually meet the guy. I mean, we’ve only been talking to him for, like, a
Dean darts a shy look to Eileen, remembering the months of patient indulgence for his alternate methods of communication and creative interpretations from an (at the time) ASL-novice Sam before Dean finally decided to buckle down and learn the language himself. He’d learned quickly, with what his CAD instructor called “a natural flair” and Dean called shear dogged determination. Worth the effort and more, Dean thinks, to have been able to stand at his brother’s shoulder and play ceremony interpreter for Sam and Eileen’s wedding, two years before.
Ben’s not mine.
That’s real nice, Cas.
Castiel’s hands immediately move to the buttons, deftly plucking them open. He reaches the bottom and carefully tugs out the shirttails from his pants. He stills, hands hovering over his belt; a silent question.
“You’re hard.”
He stops, dizzyingly abrupt. The anger drains as soon as it came, replaced by disbelief. He searches Castiel’s eyes, his own slowly lighting on an unnerving sort of recognition. “You…?”
Cas bursts in through the front entrance, eyes landing on Dean like a goddamn homing missile and looking nothing short of murderous.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean breathes, and takes the base of his cock in a stabilizing grip. He pushes forward to smear the head of his length across Cas’s mouth, painting his lips wet with slick. Dean repeats the motion, circling Cas’s mouth again and again; mesmerized by the way Cas’s lower lip pulls under the weight of his cock. Cas lets him, open and trusting and more than Dean deserves, but when he nudges the barest bit
Dean steps back until his legs bump to one of the beds. Castiel, understanding the need for distance, tries not to let it sting.
08:35 AM  04/30/07
, Cas, get a shorter voicemail! Look, we’re in a tight spot. Sam has LOST HIS GODDAMN MIND—”
, Dean, god fucking damn it.”
“Please, I only need to know you’re alright, that you didn’t jump into something bigger than you knew you could handle. Please.”
I want you to touch yourself.
It’s good, I mean. You had something good.
An angel, huh?
``````
I’m really good with cars, though. If it’s broke, I can fix it.
Cas stares at the words on the page, some unidentifiable emotion tugging at his mouth as he fists his hand, raises it and signs,
Castiel looks earnestly across to Natalie, hands folded on the table beside a forgotten cup of espresso.
``````
“Mr. Winchester?”
So…bad date?
Dean starts, eyes tearing from the blank surface of his crappy desk to meet the stern gaze of the teacher stood at the front of the class. Dean’s fingers still, pen a stiff press into the top of his thigh and the previous muted, steady beat of Metalica’s “Orion” cutting to an abrupt halt. “Yes ma’am?”
10:30 PM  03/23/07
“S’not so hard,” Dean says, like he hasn’t already ordered four separate ASL teaching and learning manuals since his conversation with Cas at the diner. “I learned, didn’t I?”
The Trickster, now only a step away, rolls his eyes at Castiel’s expression. “Relax, I put them back where I found them. Eventually.”
Yeah! Diners always have a Thanksgiving plate special; I’ll have my turkey dinner, but only if you do too.
“Deforestation and poaching are a real and present danger to many critically endangered species in several African regions,” he says. “Were you aware of the recent population decline of the Eastern Lowland Gorilla?”
11:17 PM  04/20/07
Okay.
got the wrong number.” -
“I— God, Cas, c’mon, I…”
Why do mermaids wear seashells?
Stupidly Cute, aka Sam, rolls his eyes and returns to poking at his own grilled chicken salad.
03:07 PM  05/28/07
Sam’s out all day falling down the Alice in Demonland rabbit hole to nowhere, Bobby’s a goddamn enabler who keeps pushing case leads to other hunters, and here I am stuck in this pit of a motel with jack-shit to do! I’m going freaking crazy!
``````
10:05 PM  05/16/07
“Yeah, no,” Dean cuts in, voice rough, scraping at his throat. “That ain’t happening.”
and scrabble of Gabriel abandoning his favored spot on the sofa, and within seconds he’s got four legs of fur knocking at his ankles, completely fucking up Dean’s attempts to unlace his second boot and entire backside waggling with belated enthusiasm.
Look, you gotta know.
03:13 PM  12/07/07
“Sam! Breathe. You need to breathe.”
Dean looks up sharply. “Come on, Sammy, don’t do that to yourself,” he says, attention now 100% on his lunch mate. “They always go vengeful, you know that.”
I don’t care what they say: flattery will get you ANYwhere.
It’s happening whether you want it or not, Cas. Just thought I’d give you a heads up.
“Yeah?”
As though he can sense Castiel’s gaze, the man tips his head up and back, exposing his profile – sharp nose and fox-like curl of lips – and granting Castiel clear view of his feet kicked comfortably up on the coffee table, seeming entirely at home.
‘Cause, no offense to your dad or anything, but Cas is way cooler than Jimmy.
What’s weird is having someone around enough that it matters when we do.
What the fuck?! The bitch snitched on me?!
that? “Sammy!”
“It felt…strange,” he says haltingly. “She kissed me,” Castiel taps two fingertips to the bolt of his own jaw, “here. And…” Cas trails his fingers down to the base of his neck, and Dean’s really not sure what to make of the way the angel’s eyes flutter half-shut as he does so. “Here.”
“Bloody
and his thoughts are at once clamoring and blank in panic; a white-noise buzz of
So when Dean woke up to see Cas – warm and tousled soft and breathing deep in sleep, lymned golden bright in the morning light, lying next to Dean like, like that’s
01:20 PM  01/22/08
Now, this was already the obvious highlight of Jamie’s week. But then they’d started
10:40 PM  03/23/07
The abstract impression of wings disappears so suddenly Dean’s left blinking away the afterimages, air once again gone flat and only in its absence does Dean notice the previous buzz of grace, thick on the back of his tongue. Cas whirls around on Dean and he’s left with another reason to blink away the shock: Cas, shirtless and furious, demanding and suddenly right in Dean’s space. “Yet Gabriel has, Dean! Gabriel was injured in the Fall, same as us all, and we heal, slowly we heal but I—” and Cas cuts away, takes a single shuddering breath. He drops his eyes from Dean’s startlement, as if ashamed, and steps a measured distance away.
…Dog?
Castiel stands before a road at the city’s edge, blade in hand; one of many tasked to enforce the city’s quarantine. There is a charge in the air, a heady power few can truly sense yet still has managed to saturate the kingdom in a deep and inexplicable foreboding. The people are restless; the demons moreso.
“Get goin’!” Dean barks.
Cas again catches Dean’s hand and presses his fingers to Cas’s bared torso, high on his right side. “Yellow daffodils,” he says, his guiding touch and gravel voice slowly painting a picture in Dean’s mind’s eye of the art which stains his skin. Their fingers reach the ends of the daffodil stems then sweep back high, an elegant bow of complimenting curves. “Bluebells and lavender.”
Castiel squints up to Dean against the light of the early evening sun. Dude needs some sunglasses. “A lager, please.”
After a pause, Dean is talking again, and Sam strains to hear what’s being said.
“Uh… Yeah, he lost his phone. Remind me to text you the new number.”
“So it went well, right?” Sam calls at Dean’s back, and receives the
And the timing matches up and I swear, he looks JUST like me. No way that’s a coincidence, right?
Okay, yeah. You can call.
Cas falls open, easy as you please. “Jesus,” Dean says, tone colored with disbelief even as he slips his cockhead into Cas’s mouth.
Demons aren’t like… I dunno, rawheads or wraiths. Creatures are easy. Predictable. But demons, they’re smart.
See? Was that so hard?
pleasure; the sweetest fucking rapture there ever was or ever could be.
“Wow, Castiel,” Gabriel says from where he now stands, sharing the room with Castiel, Crowley, and a fourth; a female kneeled at the archangel’s feet, effectively restrained by the hold Gabriel has on her long, shining blonde hair. “Do I have to do
09:03 PM  02/01/08
“It does seem…foolish,” Castiel allows.
``````
,” Gail chides as the man approaches, hands to hips, the picture of grandmotherly admonishment, “it’s much too hot out for something as absurd as
“And Sam?”
You think I’ve googled you?
Dean grins. That, he can work with.
09:21 PM  05/16/07
“Dean, this is Cas,” Sam continues, completely oblivious to the fact his brother is apparently suffering a minor stroke. “Castiel Novak. He’s a junior partner.”
08:23 PM  04/24/07
``````
“Why not? It was. You are.”
Castiel cuts off with a small noise of hurt, curling further into himself at Gabriel’s feet. It’s too much; millennia of memories and experiences thrust upon his fragile, under-prepared human consciousness, all at once.
``````
the deal!” Castiel roars, absolutely beyond caring for control because no, the alternative simply
The structure is round, or close enough to it; its walls sheer, rising 30 feet high and counting. With bricks made primarily of mud and dung, Castiel is somewhat impressed the builders have made it even this far.
09:22 PM  05/16/07
He waits for Benny’s answering, “Comin’ raigh’ up, brother,” before facing back, eyebrows up:
07:31 PM  03/23/07
He’s a hunter, knows all the tricks. So…
``````
“May I come in?” Castiel asks pointedly, and Dean seems to shake out of it, stepping back to allow him access to the room.
“Dean, listen to me,” Castiel urgently assures. “It was not my soul I sold, nor any other.” He steps forward, reaching a hand but stopping short of touch. Dean, though, meets him halfway, tangling his fingers into the sleeve at Castiel’s wrist in a desperate, tethering hold that sends his heart instantly aching.
Castiel holds Dean’s gaze, wills him to see the truth. “I used to be an angel, and I sold my angelic grace to the demon who held your contract in exchange for your eternal soul.” Dean’s brows draw on a frown and he drops his grip on Castiel’s sleeve, though he doesn’t yet remove himself from their shared bubble of space.
Dean waves a little to grab the man’s attention, eyes hesitantly dragging back to Dean. “It’s on the house,” he says and signs, dearly hoping he’s not overstepping as much as he fears. “Since, y’know…” Dean trails away, scratching nervously at the nape of his neck as he casts a glance back to the front counter, concludes lamely, “you didn’t get to finish, before.”
feeling itchy.” His eyes go sharp. “Color me intrigued.”
Not gonna lie, that’s weird as fuck.
thats just 4 when the stitches are in, tho. they get infected
``````
Castiel, elbow braced atop a haphazardly-folded U.S. road map and head resting in hand, stares unseeing at the illuminated computer monitor before him. The screen displays a DOC Wanted profile. The time at the corner reads 2:27 AM.
``````
He pulls a few sleeves for the cups, and it’s only after he uncaps a sharpie from the pen cup by the dispenser that he realizes his mistake of not taking names. With a shrug, he drops the marker and turns back to face the front, brings the drinks to the designated pick-up portion of the counter.
08:55 AM  04/10/07
“What do you want,” Castiel says, flatly not a question.
01:27 PM  03/19/07
where r u dude?
gesture, complete with
``````
Dean fairly collapses into the driver’s seat, breathless from the fits of laughter he still can’t quite get a grip over. Castiel, on the other hand, folds into the passenger’s side much more sedately – each movement slow, with the sense of heavy deliberation the angel tends to apply to most things he does; like even the simple act of getting into a car is a strange and novel experience.
fucking distracting. But Cas makes no move to probe or explore (and Jesus, fuck, just the thought has Dean’s thrusts going rough and uneven), simply keeps a solid and encouraging hold that follows every shove of hips.
07:48 PM  05/30/07
“Um…”
The woman slants Dean a commiserative look, which Dean can’t help but return with a grin, something much more genuine and comfortable than his typical customer service fare. “Sorry,” she repeats.
Fuck, is he still texting you?
Sammy, though, I got him good! No holds barred!
He is a child, the girl too young and distantly kin to Castiel’s true line to be altogether comfortable, but a strong vessel nonetheless.
Sam owlishly blinks his way up from the folder he’d been absorbed in. “What? What about the case?” He looks around the mostly-empty diner. “Where’s Cas?”
“I believe…you would not lie to me. Not on this. And I believe what I see. I can follow the patterns that seem to guide you well enough, and…those storms… It’s beyond reasoning.”
I didn’t even know you were into dudes!
Dean straightens, fighting to contain his chuckles. “So. Couldn’t stay away, huh?”
Incoming call
02:17 PM  03/29/07
“I’m sorry,” he says. “It’s nothing.” And he’s out the door and down the hall before Dean can think to protest.
Before he can get very far, though, Cas catches Dean’s face in his hands, holds his eyes for a long moment and, tender and slow, presses a kiss to the center of Dean’s forehead.
06:51 PM  12/10/07
Dean steals back into the room some time later, trying and very much failing not to feel all of sixteen, sneaking in past a passed-out John and Sam’s knowing looks.
03:22 PM  12/07/07
“Oh, fuck, Cas.”
The man’s eyes light in understanding, and he bends to open a pocket of the battered duffel at his feet. In short order he straightens, a simple Bic in hand and Dean takes it when offered, bending slightly at the waist to smooth the crumpled receipt flat to the table.
“Dude, score,” Dean says, snatching up a bar from the boxes before him. “Clark bar!” He turns, wiggling the candy in demonstration, only to be met with empty air where a certain ex-angel should be stood but very distinctly
His words seem to offer little by way of reassurance. “Uh, we close in like, 20 minu—”
There’s a day when he comes in, Mr. Corner Booth Coffee, and with determination – if not a little apprehension – comes to the front instead.
Call ended
Yeah, yeah. Don’t get used to it.
09:01 PM  03/23/07
because Cas catches his eye, curious and a shade concerned.
“What?” he splutters, face heating. “No I’m not!” and Dean ignores Sam’s look number
Cas pulls away, and Dean’s cracked whimper of urgent protest turns into a belly-deep moan as Cas sinks down on him, once again taking Dean into the perfect damp heat of his mouth. Cas’s free hand goes to Dean’s hip at the same moment Dean’s drops to brace to his shoulder and then Dean’s thrusting recklessly into him, chasing down every ounce of pleasure Cas’s mouth can give.
There was a sewer gator. And space rape.
Sam sighs.
“Yes.”
The pair move to the side and Dean’s surprised to see someone else step up to take their place, a short queue having apparently formed while Dean’s attention was otherwise occupied. Garth’s in the back and Dean considers calling him up to take care of the orders, but he’s pretty sure the dude’s pulling a fresh batch of muffins, and it’s nothing Dean can’t handle himself. He takes the next order (black coffee) and sneaks a look over to Red and Mr. Broccoli, Red now espousing the wonders of a good, homemade cranberry sauce while Mr. Broccoli squints into the middle distance, looking vaguely pained. Dean valiantly stifles his snickers through his last exchange (soy cappuccino, white chocolate macadamia cookie) and moves to making drinks.
So, long story short, it looks like our town resident Glenn Close pulled a little witchy weirdness to off her lover’s wife before really going off the rails to kill lover boy then herself.
Shit…
And, shit. Dean’s gonna end up embarrassing himself in a fucking Denny’s. At 7 AM on a goddamn Tuesday.
what the f—”
Sam and I are ditching these numbers. I need you to not look for me.
“Only when there’s nothing good on cable.” The Trickster turns, knocks a foot to the newly-installed baseboards. The runes and sigils engraved on their backs begin to glow; an eerie, fire-red blaze of power visible straight through the wood. “That’s some impressive warding you’ve got there. Was gonna pop in, pop out – you’d never even know I was here. But you’ve got even
this.” Uriel says from where he’s appeared at Castiel’s side. His teeth shine as he smiles, a stark contrast to the dark skin of his chosen vessel, plucked from half a world away. “Nice and slow. Gives them time to reflect on their sins.”
06:20 PM  02/06/08
– “dark, with eyebrows to match.” Dean’s hand drifts, thumb smoothing the arch of one brow on his way to burying his fingers in Cas’s soft hair. Cas chuckles, chest rumbling at Dean’s back. “It’s a mess,” he confesses, then, with exaggerated accusation, “I blame you.”
Dean casts a look around and realizes he’s walked in exactly the opposite direction of anywhere he knows to be, nowhere near the park on Hale or the 7-Eleven off Main or the pizza place exactly halfway between the school and the apartment, the one with the $1.00 slices and a Ms. Pac-Man tucked tight in the corner. There’s no reason to wander too far, nowhere to be, and Dean spots a diner, across the road and a street down. On an impulse he makes for the squat square of a building, wide windows and corrugated roof, the same unassuming silhouette of a hundred, two hundred all-too-similar highway stops that have come before.
05:00 PM  02/18/08
“Yes. I’ll make it anyway.”
And Dean just, he just
Jesus, I’m so fucking bored.
09:07 PM  01/02/08
That’s
“Hey, that’s on you,” Dean says, pointing an accusing finger. “You know how Mom and Uncle Bobby get after a couple glasses’a egg nog. The fuck do you even put in there?”
the blush creeping up his cheeks. “I’m just gonna…” he chucks a thumb at the coffee maker. The guy doesn’t even blink. “Yeah,” Dean says, and flees.
05:52 PM  11/20/07
“I— No, I—” Dean stammers, finally drawing out of Cas’s grip to clutch at the doorframe behind him, groping for the knob.
the guy looks straight-up caught out at something; going from zero to shifty-eyed in a way that’s actually pretty funny. Juan’s no stranger to jittery and embarrassed clients, after all.
Gail, long-wise to Castiel’s tactics, ignores the needling completely and eyes Castiel’s sweat-soaked tee and flushed complexion. “If you must take your runs, at least frequent a gym like a sensible person,” she sniffs. “I’d be much less concerned you’ll one day knock over my stall in a dramatic heat-induced
oh, not even. cut my arm up, my brother took care of it. hurts like a bitch tho
“Lilith is dead,” Castiel says, and Dean sucks in a short breath. “Crowley, King of the Crossroads, was your executor and would-be executioner. With Lilith gone, he’s likely the newly crowned King of Hell.”
Castiel looks to Gabriel, now sitting opposite, arms crossed and slumped tiredly to the kitchen table. Castiel again lifts the bottle, an offer, and Gabriel rolls his eyes even as he conjures a second glass to rest between them.
Dude.
“Uh…hello? We’re calling, now?”
It’s an odd name, is all.
Cas’s arms go tight, pushing hard into the unyielding brick. “This is the only room I can stretch them fully,” he says, low. Then, with an air of confession, “I can’t fly.”
Look, I…
07:43 PM  03/20/07
Dean grins down at Cas’s surprise, quickly giving way to narrowed-eyed petulance.
We’re okay?
,” Castiel concludes forcefully. “Dead largely by the Winchesters’ hands, I might add.”
10:30 PM  03/23/07
Castiel comes back to himself on the floor, on his knees, held up solely by his grip on the Trickster’s –
04:32 PM  11/16/07
Okay, so…
“Fuck you, of course I’m fuckin’ hard.”
They possess some poor bastard, do their best to raise a little hell. And you can’t kill them, not in any usual way; the only thing a bullet to the heart will do is piss off the demon and snuff the person they’re riding. If you’re lucky you can trap it and exorcise it…
“Jus’ a lil’. ‘M sorry, Cas.”
“Thank you,” Castiel says, meaning it more than the young man probably knows.
and Dean again lurches forward, knowing what he can and can’t do but he can be closer, right? Cas needs him to be closer.
Is this how you treat all your rando mis-dails?
As for tomorrow, I’ll have to let you know.
Castiel feels his own brow draw on a frown, though his intent to correct Dean’s extremely flawed understanding of the Sumerian origins of
“Dean!”
, goddamn it, that’s fucking cheating and Cas knows it.
It means a gate to Hell, man. Left wide open long enough to let out at least a few hundred demons before we could slam it back shut.
“You’re an idiot.”
It’s more than a week after the man runs out before he returns.
We’ve gone full Nightmare on Elm over here! If Bobby or I fall asleep before we find Jeremy, we’re fucked.
Dean slides back into the room, still reeling from his talk with Cas. What had initially been a panic-fueled impulse call had quickly turned to an hour-and-a-half rundown on supernatural spooks and shockingly non-judgmental conversation on Dean’s experiences as a hunter.
“I…apologize. For the yelling.”
Hey, Sam and I have gotta burn these cell numbers.
“Dunno what you mean, Sammy,” Dean grunts, but mercifully puts down the remote, instead trading to his second favorite activity of the evening: scowling at his cell.
For a long, long moment Dean simply stares the spot where Cas previously stood.
Mary smiles, prompts, “And a picture of…”
11:45 PM  04/20/07
“You what?! Dean, what did you do?!” Sam barreled into the room, nostrils flaring as he snatched the almost empty bottle from out of Dean’s hand, inspecting it. “What- Cas, did you drink this?! What did you give him?”
Sam had made several calls in the span of a few hours with almost no results. Rowena, herself, saying, “Sorry, boys. You’re gonna have to right this wrong yourselves! That’s whatcha get for poking around a witch’s potions.”
“What are you doing out here anyway? You should be back at the bunker.” Dean eyed his friend closely. Castiel shrugged and took a step closer to Dean, eyes never leaving his.
It was driving Castiel crazy not knowing what was happening, that much was obvious in how he shifted around, uncomfortable and anxious. He watched as Dean shouldered his jacket more, and turned away from him to continue down the beaten dirt path through the trees. Despite his wishes, Castiel started down the path towards Dean as he faded from view.
“You idiot. Come here.” Dean pulled Castiel into a tight hug, his face squished into the side of his neck as Castiel rested his chin on Dean. Their colognes mingled together along with their breath, a weight lifting off their shoulders.
“Well, I
He took a small step forward, still far enough away from Dean to remain unseen.
“You really expect me to just leave you out here by yourself, Dean?”
“Oh, thank g- Well, just. You know. I’m glad you’re okay! I..” Sam trailed off, his voice echoing in the back of Castiel’s mind. He tried to focus on what he was saying, but.. The most interesting thing in the room now.. was Dean. Castiel watched as he shifted, sitting down to sigh, glad that Cas was alive and
“I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t want to startle you.”
“Doesn’t matter. You weren’t supposed to be here. I- You should have just gone back to the house like I told you to!”
“So, Cas. Can I getcha anything?”
It wasn’t until Castiel had heard a quiet sobbing did he decide to step in and face the emotional wall of his friend, maybe even the anger for not listening when he told Cas to go back. Castiel decided then that he didn’t care about the consequences. “Dean?”
yourself right now? Crowley??”
“I think I gave him a love potion.”
Dean watched as Castiel smiled at him, his face falling a bit, but his eyes revealing a deeper truth. They looked warm, they looked full of love. They looked right back at him. “Cas, I- You deserve someone better. Yeah, you’re my best friend, man, and I need you. I’ve
“No, actually. I feel fine. Why? Have I been poisoned? Did you just poison me, Dean?”
Dean jumped back, almost dropping the knife in the process. Castiel rubbed his throat, rolling his head a bit to relieve the pain. “Dean. I’ve been trying to catch up to you.”
“S-Sam? I-” The angel blinked slowly over to Dean, much like an owl would, before collapsing into a heap on the floor, unconscious. Dean leapt up from his chair, Sam crouching over Castiel’s body, fussing with his head, his clothes, his body before turning to scream at Dean that this was all his fault. Somehow, Dean managed to calm Sam down enough to get him to help move Castiel to Dean’s room before the anger returned.
“-But! I also found something that said love potions only take on that harsh of an effect if the person cursed is already in love.”
“Man, do you even
Dean trailed off, eyeing Cas as he sat looking properly spaced out in the middle of the room, a soft smile on his face. Sam nodded, waiting for Dean to continue.
Ignoring his outburst, Castiel opted for getting straight to the point. “What’s wrong, Dean?” When the other went to open his mouth, Cas stopped him with a gentle hand on his shoulder. “And don’t say ‘nothing’. I heard you.”
I don’t deserve! I-I-I’m a killer, Cas. What could a killer ever possibly deserve?! What could
“Hey, Cas,” Sam happily returns. “I’m really glad you’re here, man. I hope you know I didn’t want to leave things the way we did…” he trails, somewhat sheepish. “I missed you, y’know?”
“Oh, this is just childish.
“Stop
11:08 AM  12/16/07
“Jerk,” Sam easily returns, then falls into momentary silence, fork tapping absently against the edge of his salad bowl. “Actually, I…” he trails, “I, I-I’ve got some news.”
He’s out the door in seconds and Dean’s left, confused and hurt, standing over a still-warm plate of untouched pancakes.
you—”
Castiel’s scowl returns with a vengeance. He thinks of the vetala he shared a train car with on the L, the werewolf couple and the wraith he passed on the three-block walk from the station to the shop. Apparently, the block on Castiel’s angelic memories wasn’t the only shield Gabriel lifted. “It’s been an exceedingly trying evening.”
It won’t all be this easy, he knows. Not every problem miraculously resolved.
Dean is Dean and Dean is
Which,
somehow covered by his crooked-as-shit navy tie, the quiet, tentative smile set below it and Dean just can’t freakin’ handle it; hides his face into Castiel’s shirt-covered shoulder as he laughs and laughs.
``````
Me too, Cas.
He thinks again, inevitably, of Cassie – the only other person besides Cas he’s ever
You listen to me talk about this stuff, but you never have much to say about you.
Cas’s chin ticks up, bringing him that much closer. “Use me, Dean,” he says, quiet and low. “However you’d like.” He smoothly drops to his knees, heedless of the hard, unforgiving concrete and dust putting grey streaks on his dark slacks. “I’m yours.”
are you?”
, Dean knows he raised him better than that. “He did good,” Sam replies, chipper. “I took it pretty easy on speed, but we got in way more distance than I thought we would.”
“My forearm,” he answers eventually. “The right.”
“That was…” Cas says, slow and rough and really fucking pleased, “very enjoyable.”
“I know how to walk,” Dean grumbles. He’s being needlessly difficult, he knows, and mildly insulting to his own blindness to boot. It’s been a long, long time since Dean’s truly believed dependence equaled weakness, but he doesn’t think he’ll ever be able to completely kick that initial knee-jerk response.
10:38 PM  03/23/07
Dean only snorts, draining his bottle before signaling the bartender for another. Sam twists in his stool to fix Dean with imploring eyes. “
“Of course,” Castiel says, and sets his chosen goods next to the half-barrel of wildflower bouquets Gail puts aside for five dollars a bunch. She looks on with amusement as Castiel arranges the jars in such a way that satisfies his aesthetics – yes, she knows this routine well – before pulling out his phone to carefully frame his photo of the week’s purchases.
The god presses his fingers to the center of Castiel’s forehead, and his world goes dark.
, did Mark Antony really—”
Well, damn.
Did you rehearse all that?”
“…Yeah. Yeah, I do.”
You got it from the weird beard dude in the Anthro dept, didn’t you?
Dean, out.
What do you need?
Castiel gathers his composure, fixes Dean with a hard stare and reaches back to draw the silver knife at his belt. Dean takes a reflexive step back, but Castiel only holds out his forearm, nicking a cut to the exposed skin under the sleeve of his light jacket and bleeding red. He flips the blade, holding it to Dean hilt up.
Dean hastens to add.
You got me a fuckin’ corgi, Sam!”
04:21 PM  04/29/07
“Yes,” Castiel replies, “and I have to save him.”
Sam abandons the strongly-worded message he’d been typing out to his brother – starting with
, I’m sorry, I don’t— I don’t know what—” and, yeah, that’s enough of that.
Dean smiles and leans further into the man at his side, mutual stubble catching on a pleasant rasp. “Yeah, right.”
“Dean.”
“I love you, Dean. I don’t need anything more than that.”
and done, time again to wait. Emmanuel lays his hands lightly to the top of the washer, the running machine only partially to blame for the tremble of his fingers. The strange thoughts disperse as mist, gone as if they'd never occurred.
Fuck, he’s gorgeous.
09:43 AM  01/21/08
If I really needed you to do something for me, would you?
Truth of it is: here’s Castiel, Angel of the Lord and fugitive of Heaven, who rebelled – who
“Uh,” Dean says, “okay.”
I’ll tell you what you want to know.
04:35 PM  11/16/07
Castiel responds with a wry smile. “I’ve spent some time in Ecuador.”
You’re too nice for your own good, Cas.
“Shh, Dean. Whatever you need. May I text you?”
” she demands, turning to face her companion before immediately swivelling back to Dean with a quick “sorry,” then again to the man, “Salad? Casserole? No one brings plain steamed broccoli to a Thanksgiving!”
``````
He hits up his locker between English and U.S. Government, trading his untouched notebook for the brick of a History text that’s typically more trouble than it’s worth. Dean tugs out a half-completed worksheet from between its pages, due at the door.
Dean flexes his own fingers to remind himself of their place, clenched in the heavy denim of his jeans. Cas, meanwhile, pushes lower, his boxers riding down until they very obviously catch on the base of Castiel’s cock. Jesus, Cas’s
Oh man, this is priceless…
“Yes! Silver will kill them, but then they…melt, or something. I don’t know, it’s friggin’ disgusting.”
Not a Jimmy?
like that’s where he should be – Dean decided it was high time he face reality.
He understands that much of what — who — he is is considered unusual. Impossible, even. That most people don’t lose long hours of the day if they’re not paying attention, or possess the ability to instantly right a body’s wrongs. Most do not view eating and sleeping as an unpleasant obligation borne of expectation rather than necessity.
Castiel’s hands pause; a beat of sweet anticipation before he obeys, pulling down the boxers until his cock springs free.
“Dean. It’s…nice, to hear your voice.”
“Yeah, we can do that.” Juan finds his voice, recovers with a smile. He reaches a hand out over the counter. “I’m Juan.”
“Yeah!” Sam says, over-eager. Dean barely suppresses his eyeroll. Sam shuffles in and drops into the seat next to the girl, Dean settling in on his opposite side. He sees the aisle seat next to him has a thin tan coat crushed into the back of it, and can only hope he’s not stealing someone’s spot.
Castiel huffs a laugh at Gail’s effusiveness, and tips his head to indicate the colorful cluster of jam and jelly jars along the bench. “Unfortunate, yes,” he says, overly sincere. “Though I’m glad to see your loss of stock hasn’t negatively affected today’s turnout.”
He opens a door at random and is instantly rooted to the ground, breath caught in his throat. Dean doesn’t know what he was expecting, after Bobby, after what Jeremy told Sam, but…
Castiel spares a thought to mourn a job left undone, but allows Dean to take his hand and drag him from the laundry room regardless. He is, as always, forever willing to follow where this man may lead.
“Should I move?” He gestures to the coat-reserved seat next to Dean.
08:31 PM  04/24/07
Cas wastes no time breaking into the roasted peanuts, tearing open the bag and getting shells fuckin’ everywhere. Dean sips his beer, keeps his eyes on the game and tries very, very hard not to watch Cas’s hands as he cracks and peels the nuts, brings the open shells to his mouth to suck out the prize inside.
Castiel slowly, carefully, draws his coat back up around his shoulders. He steps forward, feet whisper-soft and following the barely-there hum of sound, the familiar cadence of the TV advertisement for a local divorce attorney. He peeks cautiously around the hall wall and immediately spots the man, his head clearly visible over the back of the couch he’s sat on.
``````
in fact, a noise that’s roused him. Sounds that, after a moment’s puzzling, resolve into the low and muffled burr of his brother’s voice. A voice that’s coming from completely the wrong direction, Sam realizes as he squints across to the tousled – but empty – second bed of their room-of-the-week. Sam shifts his eyes over to the annoyingly harsh red glare of the clock at the bedside table; the blurred numbers informing him that, at 3:04 AM, it’s definitely too early for this shit. Sam flops onto his back with a huff and rolls his head along the pillow to see, sure enough, light spilling out from under the crack of the closed bathroom door.
“Under the radar, remember? A smiting like that?
Two steps forward, and Crowley levels the muzzle squarely between her glaring eyes.
its fine, ya nag
“Holy shit,” Dean breathes. “
12:33 AM  06/04/07
, you hear me? Just, listen, we’re in Florida, okay? Broward County. If we get picked up—”
He’d traveled first to Pennsylvania, following a potential hunt he’d flagged a full week before but hopefully fresh enough that the brothers would still be in the area. Unfortunately, by the time Castiel arrived they'd been and gone but, as confirmed by a number of staff at the Erie General Hospital, they
of fear and worry and loneliness. You are going to get on your knees and
“Um…hey.”
“And a red balloon,” the boy murmurs.
06:30 PM  02/06/08
“What,” Sam says, defensive, “they have good salads!”
Dean pulls out the chair and gingerly sits, collapsed cane tucked into his lap. He grins up towards the general direction the hostess should be. “Thank you, sweetheart. ‘Preciate it.”
Off comes the boot and Dean straightens, arching out his back in a stretch and shuffling forward to clear the entryway into the living room, Gabe hot on his heels.
“Well, yeah…” Sam says, tone swinging from teasing back to concern. “But that’s a really big time commitment. Not to mention you’re not exactly…qualified, you know? Shouldn’t he sign up for an actual class?”
Dude…are you really a TV junkie??
Call ended
06:13 PM  06/02/07
“An accident,” Dean says weakly, looking sick. Castiel briefly wonders if he should retrieve a bucket. “A fucking
I’m not actually a mobster, dude.
I fucked up. Got in deep, barely dragged myself out.
``````
Dean ignores him, ignores the begging born of desperation and the warmth radiating from his shoulder and god
“They’re His favorite, you know,” Gabriel says mildly, with an underlying bitterness he cannot or does not care to conceal. His mouth twists into something ugly. “Not that you would.”
05:53 PM  05/21/07
), an unspoken and ongoing mission to forever keep Dean guessing. And fuck if that doesn’t make Dean like him all the more.
You’re the God of gods, apparently?
Dean thinks, and kisses him.
05:59 PM  05/21/07
Incoming call
forgetting—
“Holy shit,” Dean repeats, dropping the gun. “Holy
``````
The hand on Dean’s chest pushes in harder as Dean strains against it, keeping him effortlessly pinned to the wall at his back. “You taunt,” Cas says, and returns to pumping Dean over the denim, relentless and inescapable. “You tease,” and Dean knocks his head back to the wall, hair catching and pulling as he rolls his head against it, too incoherent to work up a proper denial. “Do you have
05:58 PM  06/02/07
“Damn right. Fucker stole my face after we rolled into town, hunting it.”
11:32 AM  04/27/07
“No, god, sorry, I mean— Seriously, thank you so much for helping out—”
07:21 PM  03/20/07
a fuckin’ nerd,” Dean counters, running his hands along the curved edge of the table, feeling out the short, rounded width of it. Dean’s knee knocks to Sam’s under the small, close space. “What the hell is this place?”
04:36 PM  04/01/07
Dean goes hot with embarrassment. Jesus Christ, he might as well’ve hissed a
, and
03:24 PM  12/07/07
“Sam!” he shouts, eyes straining to see movement, anything, amongst the surrounding trees. But it’s dark, and the woods are quiet; fuck, too quiet, unnaturally quiet, how did he
04:24 PM  02/18/08
``````
09:57 AM  03/10/07
08:56 PM  03/23/07
“I’m…hah, fuckin’ peachy. You said— Shit, Cas, you said you wanted to hear, right? You wanna listen?”
Juan clucks reprovingly, sauntering forward. “Forget? You?
“I like it here,” he says, halting and low and painfully sincere. “You learning of my disability…surprised me, though I should not have left like I did. I also…don’t know sign language.” He drops his gaze at the open surprise that must show on Dean’s face, repeats, “I’m sorry.”
08:05 PM  05/30/07
from this invasive, dark and terrible thing growing within him.
Dean spins around with the completed drink in-hand. He leans to the pick-up counter and smoothly slides the cup across to Cas, who seems somewhat surprised at the sudden return of Dean’s swagger. He takes up the drink and immediately hones in on the bold black message scrawled across its cardboard sleeve.
07:48 PM  05/30/07
06:08 PM  05/21/07
“Yes,” Castiel says, remarkably relieved to see a friendly face. He casts a sheepish glance to the young woman across the room, who’s relaxed considerably with Juan’s show of familiarity. She raises one heavily-tattooed arm in a half-wave before retreating behind the divider, and with a few indistinct words to her client is back to work, accompanied again by the steady buzz of the gun.
And then they’d fucked. Again.
, Cas, I almost shot you!”
``````
“Dean,” Castiel grits, using the hallway table to laboriously haul himself back to his feet. “Sam.” And all the awe and exhilaration and feelings of
10:49 PM  03/09/07
``````
Crowley quickly gathers himself back to careful neutrality. “Lilith is Queen.”
Sam shuffles forward to hover at the main room entryway. “We’ll figure it out.”
Step AWAY from the manuscript.
09:54 PM  05/16/07
09:27 AM  04/10/07
10:56 AM  12/16/07
02:08 PM  04/21/07
a pretty face, Dean notes, brain catching up with his body; both on the redhead and her man, the striking blue eyes and the unusual, still sense of focus.
Yeah, okay. I get it.
Sorry, man. I didn’t mean to bring up something sucky for you.
09:24 PM  03/23/07
Dean rocks back forward but misses Cas’s mouth to instead smear across Cas’s cheek; a slippery trail of saliva left in his wake and Cas’s scratchy stubble sinfully good on his oversensitive cock. Dean’s hand leaves Cas’s jaw to guide himself back between Cas’s lips but, somehow, in his fumbling rush ends up practically smacking his dick to the side of Cas’s face, instead.
sure thing, nurse ratched
09:07 AM  12/08/07
“Dean,” the man says, careful and low; vowel slurred slightly into the ‘n’ and the sweetest fucking thing Dean’s heard all year. He lifts his hands, signs,
10:52 AM  12/16/07
Castiel makes the cut, firm and swift, but can’t quite help the punch of air that escapes him as he does; this body (he, himself,
“…Hey, Cas.”
“You can’t— I don’t— There’s nothing. I’m doing it. The only thing I can.”
Goddamn, but he does love baseball.
“Okay,” he says, muffled through the hand he scrubs at his mouth. “Yeah. I know.”
To humanity’s credit, the base of the structure – the Tower – is certainly wide enough to support an impressively tall edifice if completed. Tall by human standards, in any case.
“She’s gonna say yes.”
This next bit is a gamble, but one Castiel’s willing to make. After all, he’s had a long time to think on the true motives and means behind the ‘research’ he spent so many months assisting on. “Sam Winchester is looking for you, and Dean’s time is growing near.” Castiel steps forward to take the tumbler from Crowley’s hand, drains it in one. “You’ll find he’s not near as charitable as I am.”
. “You alright?”
Oh, yeah, sure. Do johns count?
05:44 PM  05/21/07
(Which he didn’t
The battle for Gomorrah – as Sodom before it – had been long, hard-fought and, ultimately, a bitter loss for Heaven. The demon inhabitants of the kingdom now far outnumber the humans, and even the mortals among them have abandoned their morals; choosing instead to follow their Cursed neighbors in their wickedness and savagery.
Huh. When did that happen.
, okay?
04:29 PM  11/16/07
``````
He can’t leave Sam to find Jeremy alone.
08:44 PM  04/24/07
“Fuck what Ruby said, Sam!” Dean stops his steps, passes a shaky hand over his eyes, his mouth. “I just, I’m not seeing a win, here.”
09:32 PM  05/16/07
“Hey, Cas,” Dean shakily greets as Cas steps up to the counter; one part bravado buried under two parts
Fuck.
05:25 PM  02/18/08
Dean cracks open an eye, ticks his head towards Sam’s opposite side. “How ‘bout you?”
“Yeah,” Dean says thickly. “But don’t touch.”
Yeah. Hey, Cas.
are instantly sapped away because he knows these names. Knows them as sure as he now knows the name of every Prophet there ever was or ever will be.
“Have you stopped? Bringing home women?”
10:18 PM  03/23/07
Winchester Rules of Motel Cohabitation right now – “are you weird pen pal text-buddies with
“Hey, it’s not like we have to decide right now,” Sam placates and begins to pack up his things. Rebecca, from one of her other tables, takes note and in short order is delivering the check to Hot and Hotter. Dean takes the receipt from her with a wink and a drawled “Thank you, darlin’,” all charm. It’s Sam, though, who slaps down a couple bills, again rolling his eyes at Dean’s antics.
Castiel cuts his eyes to Dean, a smile tugging at his lips. “He wanted to live on the sea,” he says. “He’s a commercial crabber, now. In Brunswick.”
“I’m fine with it,” Sam chimes in.
“Let me,” Cas slurs into the skin of Dean’s thigh, fingers pressing on a torturous tease. “Just, let me,” and Dean’s not exactly sure of the what, here, but he nods, and Cas continues to mouth at his leg and groin, his two-day stubble a delicious scrape against his oversensitive skin, and finally,
” Shouting, now, and Castiel very nearly rolls his eyes. He’s fine, then. “What the hell were you thinking, Cas! It could have killed you!”
Dean looks up to see Cas staring right back, smile shining something fierce. Dean can’t help but dip his head, biting his lip against a grin of his own.
Nice, here I’m thinking I’ve pissed you off and you’re giving me the run-around!
I know I was the one running away, here, but…
``````
Something’s definitely hokey. We’re thinking we might be dealing with a coven.
Because…because Cas is
Cas looks his fill, gratifyingly greedy. Dean thinks he knows how Cas feels; still can’t fully believe this is whole thing is real. It’s a little bit scary and a whole lot of hot and Dean needs something – anything, anything Cas’ll give him – inside him as of right the fuck now.
No. No frickin’ way.
Whoa, are these guys
Castiel tilts his head, considering. He nods once.
08:52 AM  04/10/07
I’ve maintained my carefully cultivated prestige and most important ongoing existence?” His expression hardens and, behind the veneer, the true form
They’ve never exactly been a bucket of laughs, but, still.
04:34 PM  11/16/07
08:38 PM  05/30/07
Dean’s eyes flick to the corner table and quickly back – entirely without his permission – and catch sight of both a piercing pair of baby blues and the spark of triumph in Krissy’s expression at getting his attention.
They stand together, looking out and down to the valley at the base of the mountains, the only shock of green in a landscape of rocky browns and greys draped in a sheet of sparkling white.
Dean slams a hand to one of the cheap metal bed frames: the loud, hollow rattle echoing Dean’s rage, the hard, shaking anger he feels down to his bones. “
07:30 PM  03/23/07
steals the best spot on the sofa, the bastard. And, fine, Dean can at least admit that when you get him in a harness he’s eerily well-behaved, but as soon as he’s out of the leash all bets are off.
“I’m going to make you come,” Cas says, placid as a mountain lake, as if he didn’t just come precariously close to fulfilling that promise with the words alone. “How would you like that to happen?”
06:23 PM  04/21/07
“Dean…”
09:18 PM  03/23/07
“…Fuck, that’s a stupid thing to promise.”
“Fuck…”
“BULLSHIT,” Dean roars, slamming a hand to the desk. “My
``````
06:35 PM  03/24/07
09:15 PM  05/16/07
It’s a Thursday, and Thursdays, for Gail, mean a long and balmy day at the Daley Plaza.
Castiel is somewhat surprised, himself. To have said the words, to have not been met with anger; a dismissal outright. He considers the sharp and bright
``````
Dean tumbles into a fresh round of hysterics.
“Gabriel,” Castiel says urgently, not knowing how the archangel came to know of his plans or why he’s here, helping, now, but grateful nonetheless. Together, they’ve cornered Crowley more effectively than Castiel could ever have hoped to achieve on his own. Lilith is another matter entirely. “Kill her,” he pleads. “End it!”
It’s not that they haven’t talked about it – it’s been eight years, of course they have – but, well. That’s the thing. Being with Cas,
“They killed him.” Dean whispers, cracked and lost. “They’re…h-humans. They’re people.” He folds in on himself, dropping to his knees. He’s starts to cry, hands to his face and heedless of the blood that bathes him red, his voice rising to a desperate shout. “They’re
Crowley’s voice raises high into something like a splutter. “You want me to
“What’s for dinner?” the stranger says, voice light and dripping humor. “I’m starving.”
10:42 AM  12/16/07
Dean ducks his head under the pretence of resealing the pastry case, scrubs a rough hand across his mouth in an effort to wipe away his reflexive grin. He straightens and meets the man’s knowing smirk with a smile much more controlled, steps to the register to hip-check Charlie standing there, interrupting her mid-greeting.
And man, you need all the help you can get.
Come on, Cas! You guys are like, nerds of a feather. You gotta help me out!
Instead, much to Dean’s relief, Cas unfreezes on a long, slow exhale, brings up his pen to write,
, but ain’t that the truth.
``````
You’re not gonna hear from me again.
“Sam!” Dean barks, suddenly appearing at Castiel’s shoulder and cutting Sam’s barrage of questions to an abrupt halt. “Quit harassing the angel. You’re gonna nerd him up more than he already is.”
It’s some really heavy stuff. You sure you want to know?
“Will you
Hold the fucking phone.
``````
11:38 AM  04/27/07
tis but a scratch
“So,” Dean says, “what’dya say, angel?”
``````
“Yes,” Castiel replies, simple and sure.
Single. Year.”
“Is that…okay?”
Soon enough, Juan sets down his pencil and turns to the front. The guy seems pretty absorbed in looking along the various designs on the inspiration wall, so Juan takes the chance to give him an unobserved once-over. The scruffiness and creeper trench say
Emoticons. Of course they are.
“The witness accounts were…conflicting.”
“Hi, there,” Dean greets. “What can I—”
An unexpected anger rises at the archangel's judgement, vicious and quick. Castiel swallows it back, grateful for the clarity it brings, and straightens to face Gabriel head-on. “I need it back.”
“Wha— No! You wanna
Well, you’re not wrong. This dude definitely has more tricks up his sleeve than anything we’ve ever seen before.
Heya, Cas. How’s life?
09:03 PM  02/01/08
Cas smiles, crooked and small but his eyes give away the game, lit so bright with his happiness Dean might just burn up to see it. “Good,” Cas says, then, in one smooth move, slips his phone out from his jacket pocket. “Now, can I get your number?”
“—you meet and fall in love with the
What? No! No way!
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean says, patting around until he finds Gabriel’s head, roughing his hand over the entirely of the corgi’s face and snout in a clumsy pet before gently pushing him to the side, “I see ya’.”
09:44 AM  03/10/07
Sam makes a protesting noise from beside him but Dean keeps his eyes on the road, not needing to look to see the broken-open, pitying sadness Sam’s directing his way.
I don’t know.
Sam huffs but, before he can respond, Jess urgently grabs at Sam’s arm, pointing an enthusiastic finger up and out. “Guys, look!”
If Sam were to roll his eyes any harder, he’d probably strain something. “I’m not stupid, Dean. I came back to the room as soon as I got your texts.” Sam pulls a face. “I could hear you guys straight through the door. I figured if you were good enough to queue up the Discovery Channel, you were good enough for me to get a room across the lot.”
With a wordless cry of rage Dean takes a wild swing; sloppy in his anger, slow and off-balance and Castiel easily deflects the blow, catching Dean’s wrist and twisting him around to slam bodily to the wood surface of Castiel’s desk. Dean thrashes wildly beneath him; Castiel simply tightens his hold on the arm trapped between them, braces more weight to the hand at Dean’s shoulder to keep him pinned.
Dean nods, head bouncing a tad too enthusiastically but hell, it’s not a
What did the letter O say to the letter Q?
I’m allergic, man. I say fuck ‘em.
The hostess giggles. “Not a problem. Your server will be with you shortly!” She steps away, headed back the way they came. Dean turns to the table and settles more comfortably in his seat.
No way, Cas, it’s okay.
Dean glances over and visibly balks, apparently getting the message loud and clear and wanting nothing to do with it. “Dude, I’m fine,” he says. “Chill out, why don’t you?”
with a flourish and a scowl, the bell on the door announcing his presence to a seemingly empty shop, the front counter momentarily abandoned. The door slips shut behind him and Castiel hears the low hum of a tattoo gun somewhere in the back, the sound an instant balm to his frayed nerves. Castiel steps further into the shop, and a moment later the noise of the gun pauses.
“What the
It takes a distressingly long time for Castiel to work past the frantic whirl of his thoughts to parse out Gabriel’s words.
a turn of the dials,
“Sam…”
“Christ, really?”
, but this guy’s a looker. The stranger is predictably wind-swept – Chicago, love it or leave it – but the disheveled look is definitely working for this dude. And hell
Cas snorts, but takes Dean’s offered hand. “Bedroom,” he agrees.
I had to. For Sam.
“I want you, Dean. Do you want me?”
- “Dean Winchester, here. If you’ve got a spook—” -
that Dean’s never really had before and holy shit,
09:08 PM  02/01/08
“You do not belong to Heaven.” Castiel steps forward, close enough for one leg to slip between Dean’s spread thighs. “You do not belong to Hell.” He rakes a hand into Dean’s hair, tipping his head further back, leaning in to speak directly at his ear. “You are mine, Dean Winchester. They cannot have you.”
Dean laughs harder than he has all year.
“I want to know,” he says defiantly, and damn if Dean isn’t a little proud of the guy. “I want to know. Why it’s important. I want— I want to—” Castiel breaks off on a wordless noise of pained frustration and abruptly presses a hand between his legs, to the bulge those loose suit pants do fuck-all in hiding but Dean's been willfully ignoring.
“—I would like to make it clear that, while I do find you very sexually attractive—”
of the Second Triumvirate were some of the most highly influential and public figures of the time, allies included.”
Dean smirks. “That’s a one-track mind you’ve got there.”
Okay, here’s what we’re gonna do.
A lot of stuff went down, then, but we finally ganked the son of a bitch. Our whole lives prepping for it…
” she gasps, and Castiel must restrain himself from recoiling further to hear the creature speak his name. “I-I know you, and you— You know me, you do,” she continues, frantic. “My name is Ruby, and I’ve been helping Sam, Dean.” Ruby. Castiel stares into her wide, frightened eyes and recalls all Dean’s told him of the demon who’d freely offered her assistance on a number of the brothers' hunts. “I swear, call Sam, just call him, I’ve done nothing but help—!”
) to the peppermint mocha (
Dean checks the door’s peephole only to be met with darkness. He bites back a curse. Fucker’s blocking the eyelet, never a good sign.
“Dean—”
“Castiel,” Dean gasps, a prayer and a plea and an answer all the same. Cas presses forward for Dean to feel the heavy heat of Cas’s own erection against his hip and at that, fuck, Dean
He’s just…he’s amazing, man.
“Yeah,” Dean swallows again, roughly clears his throat, “okay.”
01:28 PM  03/19/07
We can’t meet. We just can’t.
It’s ten days after Dean doesn’t die that things finally come to a head.
``````
09:10 PM  05/16/07
I didn’t know you were, like…dating, though.
Oh, I can think of a few ways…
Here. Out on the patio.
07:13 PM  12/07/07
Jess only smirks and slips a hand down the front of her jersey, comes out with a silver flask. Both brothers bark a laugh. “I’ve got it covered.”
“What do you mean what does it mean? What’d Cas say?”
And with that, she gives a single sharp nod, seemingly satisfied to have put yet another unruly waste of space rightly in his place. Another round of titters ripples through the room; giggles and whispers and unsubtle side-eyes, blood in the water. Dean sinks deeper in his seat, the hard edge of the chairback scraping roughly up his spine.
“Oh, I don’t, do I?”
to find out what the fuck is going on.
09:31 AM  12/08/07
“Dean’s
“I know, okay? But it ain’t that simple.”
``````
“I don’t hate it,” Sam says, like,
Wow, Cas, creepy Dr. Lecter much?
04:33 AM  04/10/07
“Jesus Christ, Cas, nobody says
“Aw, yeah. Lookin’ good,” Stupidly Pretty chuckles as Rebecca lays out his breakfast slam. Once she moves on, he pulls up his phone and takes a photo of his mid-afternoon breakfast spread.
and he can’t
``````
What’s the matter, don’t know where to put it?
“Fuck. This is…”
Soon, way too fucking soon he’s teetering on the edge, can feel it sparking at the base of his cock and then, fuck, sly goddamn
“Hiya, Cas,” he says cheekily.
“You were,” Cas concedes, then a cradling palm touches gently to Dean’s cheek. “You’re alright?”
Can’t. Won’t.
08:50 AM  02/05/08
And, wow. Dean really fucking loves this asshole.
sentiment that soon became a removed, distant,
Dean shuts up.
It’s not weird for me and Sammy to drop off the grid from time to time.
09:53 PM  05/02/07
We are! This is me, playing it safe!
09:50 PM  05/16/07
Castiel?”
09:22 PM  05/16/07
Shit, I’m sorry.
``````
Dean straightens in his seat, “Hey, I’m serious, here—” and earns a mean pinch to his side for his efforts. “Fuckin’
The village reeks of death and desperation; the area in ruin. Many previously habitable buildings have collapsed under the strain, and the ground itself is more slurry than traversable earth. The food stores have long since been lost to the damp, the livestock soon to follow, and the people forced to leave in a futile migration East. Castiel surveys those who’ve remained; some in hope of Salvation, many simply too sick to travel.
to continue, “But sex doesn’t repulse me in any way, and I certainly enjoy being close to you.” He turns from Dean to lay his coat across the foot of Dean’s bed, fingers moving to his throat to deftly undo and discard his tie as well. He steps away from the bed, again standing directly before Dean.
“Milwaukee. You refer to you and your brother’s attempted armed robbery.”
Dean experiences a spike of panic the likes he hasn’t felt since he was 15 years old and Sam last wandered away in the middle of a small-town Family Dollar. “Cas?” Dean cranes his neck, scanning the area for a familiar mop of dark hair or flash of tan trench and coming up broke.
“What work?” Krissy scoffs. “Creepy homeless dude is the only person here.”
“No kidding. We were there to help, not rob the damn place!”
) and he’s something good, something
09:30 AM  12/08/07
Dean experiences a momentary panic at the man’s obvious withdrawal, and begins pawing at the pockets of his jeans and apron so frantically he manages to draw back the man’s attention but, god damn it, of course he doesn’t have a pen or notepad on him, Dean hasn’t carried one in years. He hits gold, though, when his searching fingers light upon a receipt slip. He pulls it from his apron and mimes to the man that he needs a pen.
Okay. Dean’s turn, now.
“What did you
“Cool,” Juan says, distracted, fiddling with the touch screen – new iPhone, sweet – to blow up the picture to get a good look at exactly where the breaks in the lines of the pentagram lie. Before he gets started, though, “The trace’ll take me ‘bout 15, 20
09:35 PM  05/16/07
04:56 AM  04/10/07
``````
“Shit.
05:44 PM  05/21/07
“Sam, it’s Castiel. We haven’t spoken in a few days and I’m concerned. Dean just messaged me, and… Well. As I said, I’m concerned. Please contact me as soon as possible.”
After Cas discards the condom and Dean tosses the boxers back to the floor, Cas wordlessly reaches over, slipping an arm under Dean’s shoulder and pulling until they’re pressed bodily together, Dean’s head resting against Cas’s chest. They lay like that for a handful of minutes, Dean trying very hard to let the steady heartbeat at his ear calm his thoughts.
How’s it hanging?
“Wow, Cas. Hi to you too.”
``````
Codeword: Birdcage
Dean breaks first, can
Gabriel steps back and Castiel falls, braced to hands and knees and he remembers this, too. Remembers standing on the face of that mountain for a long, long while before making himself One with the earth he loved so much, so much more than the Father intended; before dropping to his knees to slowly, carefully, deliberately bleed his Grace into the land.
of shifter.”
I’m going to turn this off and crash for a few hours. We’ll talk later, okay?
“See you around, Cas,” Dean says, dropping a wink.
08:28 PM  05/30/07
“Thank god. I am… I’m very glad you’re okay.”
and Castiel chokes around the hand at his throat, pinning him with preternatural strength. The man comes close, a frankly terrifying anger in his voice as he snarls, “
“That’s something for me to decide for myself, not you.”
09:12 AM  12/08/07
04:28 PM  11/16/07
So…what, you’re taking it back?
This Mystery Spot is cheesier than you, Cas!
“Yes, Dean?” Cas murmurs, lips pressed warm to the bolt of Dean’s jaw. Again, skimming a barely-there brush to the skin of his neck. Again, firmer and a hint of wet, guided by the hand Dean’s got wrapped around the back of Castiel’s neck.
In an instant, the very air around them goes suffocatingly, stiflingly tight. Castiel has less than a second to worry this is it – this is his end, dead at the hands of the demon he summoned of his own free will – before something gives, a
“Hey, uh… Can we not talk about that, either?”
His eyes dip lower and Dean bites his lip
01:12 PM  01/22/08
“Damn right,” Gabriel huffs, tipping his head to the back of his chair to smile wide to the ceiling, or maybe the universe at large. “So, what’s next?”
She’d surreptitiously watched as the pair seemed to settle in for the long haul, setting up camp with a laptop, newspapers, and even a couple books. Rebecca, their server and Jamie’s casual friend from school – a comradery recently strengthened through a shared despair over the necessity of a shitty summer job – had raised her eyebrows at Jamie as she’d passed after taking their order, mouthing an astonished
Damn right you are! It’s Friday night!
Dude, make sure you tell her she’s looking good.
“When will he propose?” Cas asks, words murmured low at Dean’s ear, a pleasant burr.
07:38 PM  03/23/07
; the dizzying, drunken, unceasing ache of need and loss and
Dude…
“Oh. I would like to know your feelings on having sex. With me.”
``````
“…Yeah, I hear you. Okay.”
Since Dean’s got nothing better to do – or that’s what he tells Sonny, anyways – he spends the next hour wiping down counters and bussing tables, and before he knows it the clock reads ten past and, Dean realizes, time to go.
04:37 PM  11/16/07
08:47 AM  04/10/07
``````
“Forget something?”
“Alright.”
`````
05:07 PM  05/29/07
``````
Sam blinks, eyebrows creeping high. “Uh…”
Cheery, Cas.
The question must show, and Dean says, “Your fuckin’ face,” softening to snickers, like that’s somehow explanation enough. “Look, it’s— It’s really not that complicated, swear. You just—” and Dean points, up and over Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel turns to see a pair of black machines, dispensers of sorts, tucked in along the wall and next to the snack and drink vending machines. “We need quarters. Take that,” Dean nods to Castiel’s hand, still stiffly extended between them, “and feed it to one’a those,” back to the machines, “and then we’re in business. On to phase two.” Dean's focus rounds back to Castiel, a teasing glint lighting his verdant eyes. “Got it?”
“It’s okay, you’re okay,” Dean sooths, braced hovering over Castiel and speaking directly into his ear; head ducked in, one knee putting wrinkles in the stupid jacket between them and one hand gripping the seat near Cas’s head, close enough to feel the tickle of his thick hair. Cas gasps at Dean’s sudden proximity and Dean murmurs a sound of wordless comfort. “You can, okay?”
09:15 PM  05/16/07
Have I ever told you how much I HATE witches?
; flushed pink, cut, wet at the tip and fuck, Dean wants to suck him.
Dean thinks, and dives into the kiss with everything he’s got, hand coming up to knock that stupid navy cap away and get a hand in Cas’s hair. Cas gives as good as he gets, one hand curving around Dean’s cheek as the other grabs at Dean’s thigh, barely above the knee but startling a moan from him just the same.
Aw, this and that.
“Fuck, Gabe!” Dean splutters, wiping roughly over his own nose and mouth. “Read the goddamn room!”
Castiel, miraculously seeming to catch Dean’s drift without him having to spell it out, unbuckles the belt and pops the button at his waist before obediently setting his hands flat against his thighs, fingers faintly trembling.
Dude. Did you just…?
09:45 AM  01/21/08
” she spits, loathing in every syllable. “
10:20 PM  03/23/07
. And fuck knows when or why or how but somewhere along the way Cas became someone who does matter; a voice in his ear and words on a screen that have somehow become the best part of his day. Cas is someone he can talk to (
03:29 PM  12/07/07
Castiel struggles to focus past the stars sparking in his vision, the darkness creeping in around the edges. He fights for the breath to grit, “My name is Castiel James Nova—”
From the table by the door, Sam drops his gaze pointedly to Dean’s boots, lined up neatly at the foot of his bed. Laughing eyes drag slowly back to Dean.
Besides, it’s not like you wanted me to know all that stuff. Sam told me, not you.
Oh, and that. Castiel feels the pull of need so strong it's impossible to resist.
“Nah, don’t. I get it.”
Dean, who had just shuffled out from the kitchen, coffee in hand and mid-yawn, looks warily up to the entry landing and door in question.
…Cas.
``````
Castiel, however, looks more frustrated than ever. “I don’t… I want…” Cas sucks in a short breath and locks eyes with Dean, looking stricken; irritation lost to wide-eyed confusion and
“God, Cas,” Dean huffs, rakes a hand through Cas’s hair in soothing, easy strokes. Cas’s smile grows and he leans into the touch. “I’m good.”
, Dean?” Cas growls into the minimal space between them, face-to-face and close, too fucking close. “Do you think me naïve?” His drags his palm down Dean’s length, hand huge and firm and warm even through the thick fabric of his jeans. Cas's grip tightens at the head of Dean's cock, fingers moving in a rough massage that has him helplessly whimpering out his pleasure, sinfully good.
Easy. So easy. At last, a simple truth.
“Can you do my back?”
09:50 AM  01/21/08
Jess laughs and Dean straightens in his seat, but Sam jerks so violently out of his space Dean thinks he should be feeling a bit insulted. The crowd seems to agree: a cacophony of laughs, boos, and jeers rippling through the stands as Dean’s left solo, staring like a dumbass up at the screen.
He’ll get over it eventually; let Sam and Cas teach him all the proper directives and start taking Gabe out properly; will legitimately be and feel better for it. But there’s always that one, small part of him, the piece Dean hates, that whispers
“Dean,” Cas grits, hot and urgent. “You— I need—” and instead of words he bites into the crook where Dean’s neck meets shoulder, hand working between them to wrap tight and wet around Dean’s sorely neglected dick.
. I can’t, I—” Both hands now, gripping and pressing at where he wants it most but not skin-to-skin, not
Come on, man. Tell me what you’re thinking here.
Jesus. Anyways.
“He hasn’t responded to my messages.”
So. There you have it. That’s it, the family fuckin’ business.
“Hey,” he says, directed to Charlie but eyes still on the man across the counter, “I’ll take this one.”
What do YOU want?
03:34 PM  03/27/07
Dean bites back a laugh, flicking a look to the man at her side, who’s either oblivious to or completely unconcerned with his – wife? girlfriend? co-worker? – companion’s blatant flirting.
Well, what’dya know.
``````
Dean allows himself a self-satisfied smirk. Damn, but it’s good to be King. He turns back to his own task and, helpless not to, chances another glance over to the corner.
``````
, god, so fucking gorgeous, and doubly so when he’s angry. Because Dean’s got a brand on his shoulder that sparks with proximity and
``````
“Growin’ up in Kansas, it’s the Royals all the way.” Cas’s head is again attentively bowed into Dean’s, like any of this is actually worth listening to. “And following Sam out here while he was at Stanford, you gotta take a liking to the local teams, y’know?” Cas nods, and Dean sways in another few dangerous inches, conspiratorial. “Don’t tell anyone, but. I've always had a thing for the Cubs, though.”
The desk is a mess of vaguely-organized clutter. A stack of books next to a jumble of pens and a scrawled-upon notepad; a pair of dirty coffee mugs pushed somewhat to the side; a mostly-empty take-out box perched precariously at the desk’s edge. There are piles of papers, carefully labeled and annotated – print-outs and copies from more than a dozen news media sources.
He is a young man.
“We have time.”
find you, you are going to explain to me exactly why you felt the need to abandon me. You are going to explain why you’ve left me for
he thinks, with no understanding of who or why.
Dean freezes in his tracks but Cas still hasn’t moved, is exactly where he was a breath before. “Holy shit,” Dean says, quiet and still, like one wrong move and Cas really will disappear. The strange tangibility of the empty space at Cas’s back pulses, then settles. “Are those your wings?”
“I will come, should you command it,” he says eventually. The only honest answer he can give.
You know my life, I can’t be a dad!
I’m a goddamn mess.
Another pause.
09:27 PM  05/16/07
“Hello, Dean.”
“Next time, you’ll call me first.”
It's a lot to process.
Dean keeps Cas’s gaze, not sure what he's looking for but must find, regardless, because he then asks,
At that moment, Juan himself clatters out from the narrow hall leading back to the private session rooms, searching, and his eyes come alight upon sighting Castiel, an easy grin pulling at his cheeks. “Castiel! Was that my name I heard?”
You a sweater-vest kind of guy?
03:18 PM  12/07/07
I’m 28, how about you?
Is that a…girl’s name? Guy’s?
05:29 PM  11/20/07
shitty three months thinking he’d completely blown his chance and, fuck. Look at them now.
Dean’s folding over the last omelet when Sam lopes in from his morning run, red-faced and hair up in some ridiculous ponytail. Dean
“What can I do to help?”
05:22 PM  02/18/08
Searing bright pleasure shoots through him and Dean comes with a groan, splashes hot and filthy between them. Cas seizes up tight, mouth slack at Dean’s cheek as he spills over into him. A last few sporadic, uneven kicks of hips and he stills, breathing damp and heavy into the pillow by Dean’s ear.
``````
Dean’s fingertips press lightly at Castiel’s jaw, his cheek, his plush, slack mouth and he hooks them in without a thought; pulling at Cas’s teeth as he falls further open, so fucking easy.
09:54 AM  01/21/08
” Castiel corrects, earlier irritation suddenly returning full force. He does not, he’s discovered, find cross-country driving nearly as enjoyable as Dean would have led him to believe. “The restless spirit in Tuscaloosa was mostly an accident.” He pauses, considering. “The werewolf in Lexington, slightly less so.”
He has flown high into the mountains, higher than any human could possibly stand to travel; the air thin and cold all-pervasive, the snow at his feet thick and glittering pure. He’s flown…away. Away from the pain and fear and sacrifice;
05:20 PM  02/18/08
Dean sighs. “Don’t you have work to do?”
“Yes,” Castiel says, and does. He feels calmer than he has in hours. Comfort in action, no matter how small. But his head is too full; the confusion and contingencies and uncertainties and
. The tat should take…” Juan does some mental math, tonguing contemplatively at one of his snake bite piercings, “…an hour? You wanna get it done now?”
06:31 PM  04/21/07
Anael takes a half-step back, her thoughts swirling with shock, confusion and, to Castiel, an odd and unexpected…curiosity?
Holy shit. You clocked him one?!
10:08 AM  06/03/07
Oh, jeez.
Okay, I’ve got it.
04:54 PM  05/12/08
. It’s how they ended up here in the first place, isn’t it? Dean can bullshit with the best of them; sell it under
“The hives are
01:12 PM  01/22/08
What do you do? Is it even a choice?
. Hot, wet, ladies. Smokin’ bikini beach babes.” Dean sets his jaw, steels his resolve and does not look. “
the past half hour, shaking his crossed ankles and likely the entire crappy motel bed with it.
Dean shuffles a half-step forward and Castiel pushes up in his seat to give Dean room to pass.
They’d first rolled into Morgan Hill one hazy September afternoon, because apparently Dad had ‘a friend’; an old buddy from the Corps who either genuinely needed an extra pair of hands managing his mini-storage business or, more likely, offered the job out of some misplaced sense of brotherhood and post-war sentimentality. The city was a bit bigger than their usual, though certainly not by much, and Sam was inexplicably excited by the prospect of living out a stint in Cali, no matter that they were nowhere near the ocean. Ask Dean, it all looked like more of the same.
Cas doesn’t spare Dean a glance, free hand coming up to touch lightly at the vibrant yellow petals of a pom flower among one of the bunches.
omg, ur actually researching this shit??
“Dude, I’m rockin’ that Blue Steel, right?”
They fall quiet, Sam flipping through one of the books and Dean unsubtly texting under the table between bites.
“Uh, hey, Cas. What’s crackin’?”
Sam blinks hard, swallows back his words and sighs, leaden and threaded with defeat. He drops heavily to the bed opposite Dean, their knees knocking in-between.
09:27 AM  04/10/07
for it: pressing in deep, once, then pulling out on a slow drag before sealing his lips around just the tips, pumping in and out around the first knuckle in short little fucks. Dean can hear the dirty-slick noises of Castiel’s wet sucks and, god, fuck, he should have known, could have guessed that Cas would be like this; unselfconscious and uninhibited, eager to sin. Castiel hums around the thickness of his fingers – like he likes it, like it’s good – and Dean clenches his teeth against a debilitating wave of shivery heat.
to stalk towards the bathroom, phone still in hand.
The man is just as quick. His fingers snap together, a simple
Gabriel rolls his eyes with an exaggerated groan. “And I
know that sex is messy and fun and physical and
I need your help.
A faint blush stains Natalie’s cheeks as she ducks her head to hide her pleased smile. “Yeah, definitely. Me, too.”
Castiel’s heart painfully jumps, taking up residence somewhere in the vicinity of his throat. “What?”
Sam barks a laugh beside him. “Dude, what did you do? Dump your water bottle?”
07:15 PM  05/12/07
of space itself and, no, not Crowley after all.
“‘M okay. In Baby.”
.” Castiel hitches Dean’s arm an inch higher; Dean turns his face into the papers he’s laid out on to muffle his pained grunt. “I consider you a friend, Dean, but I am your commanding officer regardless. I could have you discharged in an instant for the stunt you just pulled.” Castiel leans further into the man beneath him, brings his mouth as close to Dean’s ear as he’s able. “You should show me some respect.”
“Though I do sometimes worry for his poor eating habits.”
``````
06:15 PM  02/06/08
“No, seriously, what’s with the face?”
And luckily, his point must get across because Castiel begins to calm, eventually loosening his death-grip on Dean’s shoulder for his hand to drop in a soothing stroke to his elbow, to his forearm and down until it comes to rest in a loose circlet around Dean’s wrist.
“…Sleep, Dean. I’ll speak with you in the morning. I love you.”
08:54 AM  04/10/07
Cas’s lips split on a grin, and he snaps playfully at Dean’s fingers as they fall to tap at his teeth. “I have a wide mouth,” he says, accepting the prompt. Then, with a thoughtful air, “Wide features in general, I suppose.” His own hand rises to wrap around Dean’s wrist, thumb warm at his pulse, holding him in place. “My lips are pink. Perpetually chapped, as you well know.” The lips in question graze Dean’s fingertips as Cas speaks, teasing and light. Dean shivers, and the fingers circling his wrist tighten in acknowledgement.
Dean tramps down the violent urge to flick his stupid brother in his smug, stupid moose face. “You shut the fuck up,” he hisses back, and resolves to sulk his way through the rest of the game.
Dean’s getting real goddamn tired of jumping at shadows.
Dean tumbles into a fresh bout of laughter. “Well, whad’ya know,” he snickers. “Dreams do come true.”
09:17 PM  03/23/07
So here they are, Dean trying his damnedest to show Cas why the world’s worth saving.
The angel’s eyes spark in sly amusement, a surer tell than any tilt of lips. He pointedly leans into Dean’s hand, three fingers digging into the sharpness of Cas’s high cheekbone and little finger pushed to the corner of his mouth, catching on a drag to reveal the tempting wet of lip.
“’Course I’m ‘troubled’, you dick,” Dean mocks. “You’ve got a lot of explaining to do.”
Dean blinks hard, squinting against the water at the bottle of Garnier Fructis he finds himself wielding, textbook-perfect pinch grip and crouched low behind the shower curtain.
09:24 PM  05/16/07
``````
07:40 PM  03/20/07
Cas nods, head bowed and eyes to the table. “I was…lucky,” he says softly.
Dean breaks from Cas’s lips to trail a line of kisses down Cas’s jaw and neck, Cas’s head tipping back to grant him space to explore. Their joined hands come up to trace unseen patterns on the sensitive skin of Cas’s collar and neck. “My tattoos,” Cas says, a hint of breathlessness thinning his voice, and flattens Dean’s hand to cover the entire left side of his neck.
BY CONSPIRING TO MURDER THE THRICE-DAMNED
Because it’s what I need to do. Don’t try calling me again.
Family, no. It’s just me and Sam, now.
Cas’s lips part only enough to let Dean feel a teasing hint of heat before he’s met with the barrier of teeth; mouth pliant but not yet open and Dean immediately pulls away, is for one heart-stopping moment sure Cas has changed his mind, isn’t as okay with this whole clusterfuck of a situation as he let on.
long while. If there was a power so great any which where on this great green Earth, I would know. Try again, mate.”
Dad had taken the initiative to set them all up in a month-by-month lease apartment but left Dean to sort out schools, a song and dance Dean was familiar enough with (
and the last thing he needs to worry about is a non-existent gag reflex or, fuck, even
10:11 AM  06/03/07
06:28 PM  02/06/08
. Why do you live the way you do?”
The Smiting itself is beautiful in its intensity; a fierce and terrible cacophony of light made physical, impossible heat and the roar of power so great as to easily drown out the screams of the Damned. Castiel hears them, regardless.
He has had no healings today, an unusual break in schedule as his name and rumored miracles spread farther by the day, and Daphne is currently out of the house, her own work and social obligations to attend to.
“Yes.”
Dean jerks his shoulders to shake Sam’s hold, and this time Sam lets him. Dean ignores the hovering and stares blankly to the floor, focuses on relearning to breathe. He waits until his vision stops swimming, says, “He can’t die,” voice pitifully small, the confession burning like bile. “I’m gonna get him killed, I’m gonna—” Dean turns pleading eyes up to his brother, knowing –
10:20 PM  03/23/07
First, though, he needs a fucking drink.
“It was a nice dream.”
The god has a hand under Castiel’s jaw before he can so much as blink. He’s slammed to the wall of the narrow hall, head hitting the drywall with a sickening
Much to Jamie’s disappointment, Rebecca chooses that moment to sidle up to the table with their food, effectively putting the conversation on hold.
The ‘stache again gives a twitch. “Nothing else?”
and then he’s
Not this. Never this.
Nobody says ‘courtship,’ dude.
“No,” he says, and the word sounds ripped from his throat, cracked and wet. Dean carefully untangles his fingers from Castiel’s hair but fails to resist the urge to rake through it once in parting. The soft and shocked noise Cas makes as he does hits like something physical. Dean squeezes his eyes shut, takes a steadying breath and pulls back to his side of the seat. “No, Cas, this is for you.”
“…The job.” Castiel leans closer to also squint into the depths of the device, but sees nothing more than an empty tub-like space. “You are aware that I could…” he pauses, turning his eyes to the basket, “‘zap’ them clean, if you’d prefer.”
You’re really gonna make me say it?
empty in the new clothes,
Krissy blows a sigh that could give even Sam a run for his money.
“Wait,” Dean says, signs it too, but the man’s not looking. He digs out a handful of bills and coins from his pocket and slaps the lot of it to the counter. He ducks to retrieve his duffel and either doesn’t see or ignores Dean’s waving to get his attention.
“Yes, this is he. May I ask who’s speaking?”
07:26 PM  03/20/07
“Ah, fuck, Cas, wait—
06:26 PM  02/06/08
“Yep,” Gabriel chirps. “Cat’s out of the bag now, Cujo,” he calls over his shoulder, addressing Crowley, gone quiet and still from across the room. “Sure you don’t want to rethink that offer?”
and Castiel is glad, so glad for the anger; the only thing to shield him from the devastating, immeasurable
But THEN I thought.
“No problem at all,” Dean says. “What can I get for you?”
the cup informs, along with an atrociously lopsided sketch of a fresh cookie, though Cas probably got the gist.
03:04 PM  12/07/07
- “Dean Winchester, her—” -
Dean feels his best customer service smile pull at his cheeks; the rakish, familiar grin and posture he affects when confronted with a friendly smile and pretty face, the stance and charm he effortlessly falls into at least fifty times a day.
happy
Gabriel only shrugs, and Castiel, for one, isn’t near inebriated enough to think on the significance of all that may imply.
, forcing Dean deep and he comes so hard he almost falls; settles for curling over Cas’s head, hand digging into Cas’s shoulder hard enough to bruise, gasping out Cas’s name at every intensely pleasurable pulse of release shot straight down his angel’s throat.
Castiel returns to the matter at hand. “The way is clear. The Knights, the Sins, Azazel, Astaroth—”
08:10 PM  05/30/07
06:25 PM  04/21/07
That catches Dean so off guard it takes him a second to work through it, surprise and disbelief. “Seriously?”
Sam’s face has softened into something soppy and ridiculous and which, to Dean, means they’re in desperate need of a change in topics. He levers himself off the sofa, abandoning his empty on the coffee table and avoiding Eileen’s look of fond approval to ask, “Anyone need another?”
I like cheap beer and expensive burgers. Music, sex, cars.
“I’m here, always. I promise.”
of a closed door in response. “Do you wanna talk about it?” Pause. “Tell Cas I say hi!”
“When it comes to you, yes. I do believe I am.”
07:56 PM  04/24/07
Dean keeps it up and Sam…listens. Stories and half-remembered impressions and choked-off huffs of sad, fond amusement. Sam listens, and eventually, inevitably – despite the continued murmur of a voice that has always meant
“Until then.”
In what Dean is sure is yet another part of the game, Cas never does settle on a favorite drink, even for all the times he’s visited. He’s tried everything from the hazelnut breve (
Uh, lame? Sammy and I are working tonight, I need some vicarious entertainment!
Wouldn’t say that if you did.
The man’s nose scrunches in apparent distaste. “Raisins,” he grumbles, then drops his eyes, withdrawing into quiet contemplation of, presumably, appropriate greens-based Thanksgiving offerings.
“My eyes are blue,” Cas begins, the well-worn opening to this familiar routine, and Dean’s finger slots into place at the corner of Cas’s eye.
07:59 PM  04/24/07
Was worried there for a bit, but, yeah. Totally off the hook.
“I guess, IguessIjustneededafriend.”
One detour, Clark bar, and 20-minute checkout later, Cas insists on holding his newly purchased potted yellow mums firmly in his lap the whole long ride home.
Dean holds out the cap, fisting the bill probably tighter than necessary. He chances a look and sees Cas’s eyes now to the gift, hand coming up to tentatively trace the bold, stylized white ‘LA’ embroidered into the navy head of the hat.
07:48 PM  03/20/07
09:17 PM  03/23/07
That’s perfect, Cas. It’ll be awesome.
some guy txts u saying hes bleeding all over the place and u strike up a conversation? stick with it? i woulda chalked my ass up as crazy and said fuck off
And it
They reach the row and the woman leans over from her seat, four in from the aisle. “I’m so glad you came! Do you want to sit?” She gestures to the three empty seats between them.
06:51 PM  01/26/08
“I love you.” Cas holds out his arms again, this time in obvious invitation. “And you want me.” Like it really is just that fucking simple.
11:11 AM  12/16/07
Cas stares hard at nothing for a long moment, the same half-confused, half-considering look he got when Dean gave him the ‘humans lie’ talk.
09:03 PM  02/01/08
“I saw,” Castiel stops, swallows down the bile. “I saw the cages. My partner…” He’d gone to the barn, first. He thinks of Kathleen, lifeless eyes below a messy, close-range headshot. He thinks of the man laid out in the next pin over, young and vulnerable and dead from multiple gut shots; a slow, inconceivably cruel execution.
``````
07:32 AM  12/25/07
Castiel surveys the space, the empty beds and open bathroom door. “Where’s Sam?”
Dean’s organizing receipts at the counter when Krissy plops herself down directly opposite. Dean resolutely does not look up.
Dean makes to pull his way up from where he’s ended up folded into Castiel’s chest; clumsily pawing at Cas’s shoulders for leverage until he can more-or-less faceplant into the top of Cas's head, lazily nosing at his hair and pressing soft kisses to the tousled strands. “Was awesome,” he says drowsily. “You’re awesome.”
Cleopatra,” Sam says, pure incredulity.
``````
He shouldn’t have done that.
It’s not about owing you, man.
“Cas!” Sam quickly amends. “You should text Cas, first. Don’t want him to worry,” he continues with barely-veiled mirth. “I’ll just, um, give you a minute.”
The need to be practical prevails over sentimentality, and he instead spends his quarters on a vending machine dinner and exits the laundromat in a new outfit entirely. Castiel is not proud to have resorted to stealing, but then again — as Dean would say — pride is currently a luxury he can’t afford. The cheap, overly-processed food settles heavy in his stomach, unfamiliar, but the water he’d procured tastes like the ambrosia of old, soothing a demand Castiel hadn’t fully realized. In future, he’ll have to be more careful in listening to his body’s needs.
``````
03:20 PM  05/28/07
“I don’t—” she stops, looks away; eyes down to her feet, up to the horizon. “I don’t know that I should. Castiel, this is— You know what this is.”
He had forgotten — foolishly, perhaps — just how
I don’t know what to tell you, man.
Oh my god, you did!
I’m not doing drugs, Cas, Jesus.
Castiel simply smiles.
), muffled through the door, but there’s a reason Dean prefers the bed closest to the window. (
Also, it’s getting to the point where Dean has become legitimately worried Charlie may make good on her threats to kill him (
Well, good.
“Yeah, okay. I…”
Hey, why can’t ghosts have kids?
07:34 PM  03/20/07
11:03 AM  12/16/07
08:21 PM  04/24/07
Castiel will remember, later, this moment. The ring of the shot, and his first thought:
” Dean shouts, trembling hands curling to fists. “God
Cas again looks up. “Dean?”
``````
For your own good.
08:02 PM  05/30/07
09:12 PM  03/23/07
Duh. I was just curious.
“Let me take you to dinner,” Cas rasps, gravel and grit.
“Cas,” Dean whispers into the dark tousled strands. He drags a hand down Cas’s back to pull him in deeper, encouraging him faster. “Cas, c’mon. C’mon, please.” And Cas’s thrusts gradually pick up force and speed, inexorable, until Castiel’s gasps turn to moans turn to Dean’s name, chanted like a prayer.
They’re on the road, putting some distance between them and the latest salt’n’burn – a lakehouse poltergeist just north of Sheboygan – when Sam says, “Y’know, we’re only a couple hours from Chicago,” light and deliberately casual, like they haven’t been passing glaring green ‘Chicago 140/112/96’ mileage signs for the past hour. As if they hadn’t come within spitting distance of the city on the way up. Something in Dean clenches tight.
07:24 PM  05/12/07
Dean blusters out a noise of pure indignation. “Dude, you didn’t even call me back last night! Who’s to say that was really Cas, huh? You didn’t even bother to check! I could be dead by now!”
07:15 PM  05/12/07
double-take, Dean simply puts on his most charming smile and extends a hand, wiggling his fingers. “Do you mind if I…?”
- “This is Sam, leave a message.” -
” He cocks a hip to lean against the front counter, the boy’s characteristic brazenness beginning to fade as he studies Castiel, a thread of concern entering his gaze. “You okay?”
Sam disconnects the call.
“Right! Right, yeah, let’s just… I don’t really want to think about work right now.”
This is me. Laying it out, plain as I can.
07:28 AM  12/25/07
He’s ready.
Yeah.
“Girls,” Dean mutters. “
06:11 PM  02/06/08
It’s already some dark hour of ass o’clock when they tear out of Green County, but with the full weight of the FBI at their backs – and a fresh taste of what it means to get caught – it’s two state lines and the better part of four hours before they both agree to stop.
ha fukin ha ur hilarious
``````
Question.
– warring with the sick, physical dread that rises with even the thought of having to endure a single minute more.
Something important?
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says. His hands rise to lightly grip the counter’s edge. A second later they loosen and fall, fingers fidgeting with the sleeves of his coat.
10:23 PM  03/23/07
it, not Cas, I told you, I fucking—” and Dean’s chest is too tight, breaths hitching in his throat, air caught with nowhere to go and he can’t, fuck, he can’t
Yeah, well, there are of me too, if you know where to look.
Juan grins down at his paper and begins to draw. Yeah, dude’s a little strange, but definitely not one of Juan’s strangest. “Alright, Castiel, let’s hook you up.”
Dean sighs explosively. “I don’t know, man! It just—” a vague, waving hand gesture, “it feels good, you know?”
No, seriously, you been smoking the good stuff again??
A few more pieces click into place. Castiel gapes. “Gabriel, you— You’ve left the Host?”
Stupidly Pretty – Dean, apparently – casually flips his companion the finger. “Shut it, Sam,” he quips, but nevertheless drops the hand holding his cell to his lap. “Just showing Cas what
Of course he does.
Dean swallows past a suddenly tight throat. “Yeah,” he says, low. Ignores the slight tremble of his lip. “Okay, Cas.”
Gabriel shifts his weight. “Get up,
“Yeah, that’s… That’s big, even for us. We’re working on it.”
” Dean says, stricken. “What the hell are you talking about? Angels? Prophecy? The goddamn Apocalypse?” He makes a wild, sweeping gesture in Castiel’s general direction. “And you— What, you really want me to buy in that you’re, you’re a—”
Gotta say, not as interesting as Pepi Le Douche.
“Fuck, that’s pretty,” Dean breathes, words unbidden and too revealing but he
Dean’s amusement eventually calms, though he makes no move to crank the car. He hadn’t expected Cas’s first foray into the pleasures of the flesh to be cut so short, and he probably needs a few minutes to ride out the buzz of two beers downed in less than a half hour before attempting the drive back. For now, he’s content to lay his head back against the seat and enjoy the moment.
“Daisies,” Cas says, low enough that Dean almost doesn’t catch it over the surrounding din of evening shoppers. “For purity, and…” he trails off and a smile steals its way onto his face, small at his mouth and obvious in the eyes and somehow more expressive than he ever was as an angel. “New beginnings,” he concludes, hand falling to Dean’s clenched at his sleeve, gently pulling him away to thread their fingers together, easy and sweet.
Dean snorts and rolls his head towards Castiel; who is, of course, staring right back. “It ain’t just me, buddy. If we’re talking Humanity’s Greatest Hits, sex is pretty high up there.”
like baseball. It’ll be fun, I swear, and I hear they’re good seats! Only the best for Santa Ana’s top firm.”
Eileen hides a smile and Dean pulls a face at his bitch little brother. “I
An anointment. A condemnation.
Uh…I think Sam’s got a screw knocked loose.
03:11 PM  04/10/07
Dean sulkily bites into a (admittedly delicious) home cut parmesan-crusted potato wedge. “I swear, he’s gotta be hoarding them some-fuckin’-where, who even knows. I haven’t had matching socks in a friggin’ week.”
“Hey. Hey, Cas. Do me a favor, drink this.” Dean held out a bottle, unlabeled, to Castiel who took it cautiously. Eyeing Dean, Castiel couldn’t help but ask why.
. Standing up, he figured some fresh air wouldn’t hurt so he took another swig of his beer, sure to grab his jacket before making his way out the door, it clicking shut behind him.
“Wha- Why didn’t you just say something then?! I was just about to kill you, man!” Dean clutched his chest and pocketed his knife, breathing heavily. His adrenaline had been pumping, so maybe he felt a little light-headed, but he’d be damned if he said anything about it.
I was alone until
It was the middle of September, so the leaves crunching up his feet were expected, along with some stray crickets off in the distance. He wasn’t sure what time it was, most definitely late. A gust of wind blew, forcing Dean to shove his hands into his pockets and bundle up a bit tighter. Dean continued walking, trying not to seem like he’d caught on to the second set of footsteps he’d heard trailing behind him. But the stranger behind him kept up with his pace.
The angel shrugged, a small smile on his face as Dean pressed a kiss to his cheek, tears streaming down both of their faces, their big “secret” out in the open. Trying to lighten the mood again, Dean teased, “So.. You want to marry me, huh?”
followed me out here.” Dean dared to take another step closer to Castiel, further closing what little space they had between them before speaking again. “Now, answer my question. Why’d you follow me?”
know that! You know how Rowena is! You think everything is labeled correctly?! Cas isn’t even human! It could affect him differently or something! I can’t belie-”
Sam had left a bit ago to check the local library on witchcraft and curse-binding while Dean was left to ‘babysit.’ He sat at the table, deciding to try and pry some info out of him while he was all doped on some half-assed spell. Rowena would kill him if he ever said that out loud, though
“Shut up. Let’s just go home.”
“Oh, no reason. I just, uh, just tell me how it tastes.” Dean squirmed, using his hand to cover the smirk plastered onto his face as Castiel took a sip, nodding when it wasn’t half bad. There was nothing Dean could do when the angel decided to inhale half the bottle in one go though, Dean grabbing the glass just a bit too late. Eyes wide, Dean waited for a second, before asking how Cas felt. “Weird, different, anything?”
what you did, Cas! Ya freakin’ psycho!” Castiel nodded, an apologetic smile on his face. Dean ran a hand through his hair, exhaling roughly.
Castiel turned to face Dean head-on, eyes unmoving but soft, full of love. “He is.”
“Was it because I accidentally bought the wrong alcohol? Or-”
needed you, but I-”
It took no more than a mere second for Dean’s hands to fall, arms wrapping around the angel’s trench coat, unsure and shaky at first before hands dug tightly into the fabric like a kid scared of the dark. Dean’s body trembled, his legs wobbly. He sobbed into Castiel’s shoulder for a few moments, the sniffling hiding the sound of Cas’ heart breaking. They stayed like that for a while, the two of them taking in the scents of cologne and the lakeside air. Their breathing slowed, clenched fists turning to open palms. Dean exhaled slowly, his eyes closed. Cas spoke up.
“Uh, Earth to Cas?” Sam waved a hand in front of his eyes, drawing him back in. Castiel blinked. How long had he been sitting here? How long had he zoned out? “You okay? You’ve been staring at Dean for like, twenty minutes.”
Taken aback but not backing down, Castiel answered truthfully. “Yes.”
Emerging from the forest, Castiel stood, unmoving in his gaze as he watched Dean lean his head low over the rail, hands gripping the back of his neck in distress. Cas tilted his head to the side, studying him, trying hopelessly to
Dean’s mouth gaped shock on his face despite knowing what to expect. “Cas-”
“No, no! I mean, I don’t think so. It’s just a little something I found when I was snooping through Rowena’s cabinet the other day and-”
clothes? Furrowing his eyebrows, he had no time to dwell on it before being bombarded by both Sam and Dean, hands checking his forehead for a fever, yanking him into the room to sit down. “Cas! How do you feel? Better? Worse?”
“Yeah, well. That’s not what I heard.” The two laughed, lighter, softer, happier.
“Let’s go home, Dean. We’ll talk about it in the morning.” Dean’s face flushed, his mind and mouth feeling all funny as Castiel laughed at how flustered he’d gotten.
It was almost unsettling how much he started paying attention to every detail, everything that Dean did. How he sighed when he sat down or smiled like the sun at the sight of some greasy fast food, or when he tried to act like he didn’t have feelings. Like how much he loved Sam or Jack. He didn’t show it as most people do, Cas already knew this but. Now it felt different. It was in things like a pat on the back, or a short hug, or beer passed over after a long day.
“So. Now that you’re all back to normal, what do you remember?”
This, of course, is what Castiel woke up to.
“Is she someone you would marry?” Dean tried to joke, voice getting muddled with tears. He can’t get emotional now, he needed to be serious, needed to hear him say it.
“Dean, please. Tell me what happened. What can I do to help you?”
“No, Dean! We
“Why are you so mad at me lately, Dean? Have I done something wrong?”
Castiel held up a shaky hand, shushing the both of them. His throat felt like it was on fire, itchy, and dry, so the only thing he could think about right now was, “Water.”
