Tony swallows past the ball of gratitude and assorted other feelings lodged in his throat. “Couldn't hurt,” he says. “The harder it is for Steve to find me, the longer we have to figure out what the fuck to do about him. You sure you can stand having me around, birdbrain?”
before Clint’s fist impacts in the center of Steve’s face… and then Steve is rocking backwards with a sharp bark of pain, hitting the mattress heavily and streaming blood from his mouth and nose.
In another life, they might even have grown up together, because this is Aunt Peggy's niece, and they’re roughly the same age.
“Best I can figure,” Tony says, after he heroically swallows his laughter and manages to find a somewhat diplomatic tone and his prepared
“My apologies, Captain Rogers. Ma’am borrowed it several hours ago, and it is currently in her workshop.” The AI pauses, then adds wryly, “I believe she meant to replace it before your return.”
“Only way she’ll know is if you go stool pigeon on me,” he mutters, then pastes on his very best smile as the door starts to open. “You got my back if she tries to punch me back into the coma, right?”
He lets Steve lock arms around him, jerk him off course, keep him steady and still with supersoldier strength. “You’re too predictable, Tony,” Steve says, and while there’s a great deal of triumph in his voice, triumph and malevolence, the edges of his thoughts are uncertain, hesitant, cautious, because Tony’s not reacting like Steve expected him to, and it’s throwing him off-balance. “I know you better than you know yourself.”
“That’s understandable under the circumstances. Fury wants me to tell you that this was not an authorized mission, either on the books or off the books, but that conversation can wait until things aren’t so stressful.” Coulson carefully holds out a hand, rests it on Toni’s shoulder when she doesn’t jerk away. “Until then, how can I help?”
He doesn’t know where to put Thor or the Hulk, but asking never hurts anyway. He manages to send individual emails before the grief that constantly hovers in the background of his thoughts whenever Bucky comes to mind swells behind his sinuses, and he needs to take a break to go murder a few heavy bags in the Tower’s supersoldier-rated gym before he shuts down entirely.
He dreams in red and gold, in black and silver, in metal and flesh, in wet red blood and glowing blue lines.
Just looking at the chair is enough to make him want to run as far away as he can. Toni’s workshop looks nothing like the dim labs he’s woken up in before. It’s bright and futuristic, clearly meant for an engineer and a machinist, not butchers and sociopaths, but it still makes him want to flee. The thought of lying back and letting someone fiddle with his arm, do things to his body, has his skin crawling and his pulse pounding.
,” she says. “Patch me to Fury, now. … Sir, this is Carter. Abort the op at the Manor. He’s Stark’s soulmate.”
But that can’t be all of it. A fist fight with Carol can’t explain any of this. He’s been on some weird mind-trippy drugs before, but he’s pretty sure that even Carol can’t punch him to the moon.
She gives the empty bottle a look of extreme distaste as she sets it back down on the edge of the bed. “That,” she says, “is the most disgusting thing I have ever drank, and I have had more than my share of ambiguously-aged workshop coffee.”
“Toni, do you understand what you're even asking me to do? That kind of relationship, even a temporary one, requires a lot of trust.”
It's so strong a thought, it takes Tony a few moments to realize Steve didn't verbalize it. He eyeballs Steve suspiciously, but all Steve does is smile gently at him, with the wind ruffling his hair.
Faster than she could have believed possible, he whips his arm forward. She takes a vibranium shield to the face, and the comm drops out.
And the fourth, and probably the most painful, thing is she needs to start designing another set of armor. Many sets of armor, in fact, since the STRIKE attack left her with nothing except salvage and scrap.
. He wasn’t expecting the ultimate answer to “want me to come fuck it better” be “he’s worth waiting for.”
When Bucky wakes up, it’s the first day of the rest of his life. He doesn’t consciously think of it like that immediately, won’t start counting from this date until long after he’s stopped worrying he’s still in cryo, dreaming of a life he’ll never have with a woman far too good for the likes of him. But somewhere deep in the back of his mind, he recognizes that this morning is the morning that everything changes.
Stark. I earned three doctorates and a master’s degree before I turned 18. I became the youngest-ever CEO of a Fortune 500 company before I was 25. I built power armor out of a box of fucking scrap metal in a fucking hole in fucking Afghanistan. I rediscovered a new fucking element, built a fucking jury-rigged particle collider in my fucking
gesture with both hands, trademark smug smirk bright and wide. And just because she’s her, and because he won’t get it, and because she just pulled off the goddamn Trinity kick, a personal first in her years of sparring with assassins and spies: “C’mon, Cap. Stop trying to hit me and
“Ow,” she wheezes, cradling her ribs with a palm. Steve’s being careful and pulling his blows by a lot, but she’s definitely going to be bruised.
“Good morning, James,” the voice murmurs, and ends with a soft hiss of pain. “Careful where you’re poking. I’m still bruised.”
“Fuck. She used to trust people, you know? I mean, Howard was a real piece of work, but he more or less ignored her until he wanted us to dance the high society shuffle and squeeze out a couple of heirs for the Stark legacy, and when that didn’t happen on command, he never bothered with her again. Not until he dumped every fucking scrap of Stark-branded bullshit he could in her lap, anyway. She hadn’t been prepared to inherit. She thought it was all going to her asshole cousin, Morgan. She had her own shit going, Star Solutions. She did it with her mother’s money, all by herself. In the middle of her expansion plans, boom, hey, look at that. Now she’s got Stark Industries too. Any sane person would have taken a fucking vacation to Aruba, but not Toni fucking Stark. Nope, she promotes Pepper to Star’s CEO, rebrands it under the Stark name, and takes over as CEO of the Industries side of things. I barely saw her for six months, because she was reorganizing the entire fucking business to get out of weapons and into telecom. Six months. I think we had four dinners together, two of them at her goddamn office. Three dates. Every single one, she was falling asleep in her soup, or couldn’t follow a conversation because she was on overload. Half her fucking closet ended up next to her desk at SI, because she was pulling eighteen, twenty hour days to get shit done in record time. But she was still
There's a dangerous note in Clint’s voice, something final and terrible, that brings Bucky up short. It's the voice of someone so far past their tolerance levels, they're on another planet. The voice of someone he
“That’d be swell,” he says, and tries not to let the rush of relief he feels show in his face or voice. He and Toni are still getting to know one another, but he’s learned that she can be a bit prickly where any of who she considers to be her people are concerned, and he doesn’t want to be the reason someone gets reprimanded or fired.
He doesn’t notice until later that she never looks at Steve directly, always in her peripheral, He doesn’t notice until much later that she doesn’t come to bed at all, just works quietly on the couch with her StarkPad before slipping out in the middle of the night.
He’s almost obligated to knock his name down the list of geniuses to ninth or tenth place with stupidity like that.
to help. But before he can do more than reach a hand for Toni’s shoulder, Natasha’s face breaks into a scowl.
All that disappears when she leaves the medical lab, every falsely cheerful thought, every jocular wink, folds away and tucks neatly inward into their bottles and boxes in the back of Toni’s mind. God, Pepper must really be wrapped up in Helen if she never noticed Toni’s media smile. She wraps her arms around herself and walks with her head down, lost in thought.
And Miko, gorgeous glorious Miko, whose artwork I literally leapt on the chance of writing for, once again. Much love! Looking forward to jumping on your art again next year, babe. :)
-- and wonders if it’s the universe’s messed-up sense of humor to make a package deal of a nuclear-powered soulmate and an electronic stepkid to go with his cybernetic arm.
She takes another deep breath, slow inhale, holds it for a few seconds, and then lets it out just as slowly. “Yeah,” she says with a wry shrug, and adjusts her feet until she’s in a comfortable, ready-for-anything stance. “We kinda do. Cos we’re going back in a few days, Steve, and you’re going to join the Avengers, and I can’t afford to have a panic attack in the middle of combat because Captain America scares me.”
Decides not to ask for his dose after all, because he’s Captain America. He’s fought battles with worse than a headache.
- Feels. Holy shit the feels. Also, there is a lot of physical pain at the end of this one. Angst. Minor explicit content. PTSD.
“More like, misplaced.” Fury turns his gaze back out the window of the Helicarrier. “A team of STRIKE agents removed Captain Rogers from the hospital yesterday, approximately the same time Stark’s home was hit. The hospital, of course, lost the paperwork, but they swear everything was by the book.”
“My daughter, a Norn.” It wasn’t as pleased a pronouncement as it might have been, once upon a time. Odin remained silent as they walked, and Frigga knew from the set of his shoulders and the twitch of his jaw he was deep in thought. “Was it the tree?” he asked finally, just as they were nearing the throne room. “Did she see the tree burning?”
and then she’s screaming for real as the bones of her hand, beneath the layers of titanium and gold and reinforced mesh, grind together.
Natasha shrugs and settles against Clint a little more comfortably. “Are non-negotiable. Everyone’s reflexes need work. Без муки нет науки.”
Toni grins, reaches up and snaps the faceplate down. “I’m Toni Stark, world-class engineer,” she says. “And you are FitzSimmons, world-class geniuses. If you can’t find something to cobble together in
The edge of the shield bites into her armor, and titanium isn’t much of a deterrent to vibranium. Toni shrieks as Steve saws it back and forth, driving it down through the plates and circuits, uses it like a goddamn shovel to pry off the entire chestplate in ragged chunks of red and gold.
“Yes,” Tony says, and swallows hard, raises his eyes to meet Steve’s. “So very fucking tired of it.” Swallows again. Dares to caress over Steve’s cheek, feels a visceral thrill when Steve sighs contentedly, shuts his eyes, and leans into Tony’s touch. “Is this what we’re going to do about it, Steve?”
He lifts his head, and there’s a dazed flush high in his cheeks. “Yeah?” he says, and Toni laughs at the hint of self-satisfaction in his grin.
Tony tries not to tense up, and fails miserably. “Good old Carol,” he says, more than a little bitter. “Beating me into a coma clearly didn't help her resolve her issues.” He sighs again. “Okay, Steve. Say she's not wrong, mostly because she isn't. What happens now?”
“Do something career-ending like that?” Carol shrugs. “Why did you give me Warbird? Why did you give Jim Iron Patriot? Why do you do half the things you do? Because you’re a sentimental sappy-ass romantic, and you have no concept of appropriate displays of affection. Well…” She looks around the room, sweeps her hand to indicate all of them. “We’ve all pretty much collectively decided that you’ve infected us, and now we are all sentimental sappy-ass romantics with no concept of appropriate displays of affection.” She reaches out, ruffles Toni’s hair. “So suck it, princess.”
"We're reading activity from the black site, Stark," Coulson says. "Possible reinforcements on the way. I've got extraction heading to you, but it'll be cutting it close."
Except… Maybe it’s from Toni. He hasn’t seen her for two days, except to bring her coffee and food, because she’s on an engineering binge and there’s only so long he can sit and pretend to look interested in what she’s soldering together. She likes sending him weird things she finds on the internet on her microbreaks, though, stuff she thinks will make him smile.
“I’m going to sell you to Bill Gates,” Toni promises, then groans in protest when JARVIS displays the map anyway. “You never do what I tell you to do, J. Dammit, I programmed you better than this.”
Before she can do anything but glare and open her mouth, the shrieking groan of stressed metal makes Tony turn his head, and he yelps in reflex, dodging out of the way as the refrigerator flies out of the kitchen through the wall, and crashes into Kobik. Like a pissed-off storm deity, Lehnsherr floats into the air behind it, arms crossed intimidatingly.
Because his skin is steaming slightly in the air, smoke rising from his fingertips in lazy, thin swirls, and over the black material of the flight suit he woke up in, right where his RT disk contours his chest, is a silver-blue Phoenix emblem spread bold and proud.
And speaking of minefields, Phil turns his attention to preparing for his second appointment of the day, which is with Captain Steven G. Rogers, currently adjusting to the 21st century in a suite at the Triskelion.
“Yes, after all that.” She goes onto her toes, running her hand right up his spine and curling it around his neck in a gentle squeeze. A groan rumbles deep in his throat, and his eyes half-close, because it feels
Agent 1 flies right, crunches into the wall, denting the wall outward with a loud clang. Agent 2 crashes forward right through the space between the bucket seats, arm slapping the head of the driver. The van rocks violently as the driver jerks and flinches instinctively, fights for control of the vehicle.
That really shouldn’t turn her on at all, should it? Recent bouts of insanity aside, she’s never been one for chains of command and adherence to rules. It should frighten her a little that her only response is fiercely happy and challenging, “I was
But he gives it his best try anyway, sitting resolutely at his desk with a scratch pad and a freshly-sharpened pencil, and starts as he always does when he doesn’t have a specific project in mind: he starts doodling. He doesn’t know if anything’s going to come of these sketches, but he always finds it easier to think with a sketchbook in his hands.
“Not from mine,” Steve says firmly. He eyes Tony for a moment, then turns to stare out over the city. “So, you're a Phoenix host,” he says lightly, and Tony's stomach clenches.
not the Air Force, so they could look for all the pilots they wanted, but there wouldn’t be a damn thing for them to fly. And I told them that if they didn’t like it, I’d resign my commission right then so there wouldn’t be any further problem for them.”
“Yeah, well fuck him anyway,” Clint snarls, deep and vicious. “He was a douchebag. He’s the one who decided I didn’t need to know about Toni up and vanishing. I’m glad he’s fucking dead. We were legally registered, Nat. There are fucking
But it’s just a business. The labs are dark and quiet. Some of the open rooms look like guest bedrooms, empty and depersonal and waiting for a tired body to fall onto the mattress. One large office, clearly an executive’s office, he explores in expectation of finding evidence of wrongdoing, but only finds drawings for artificial limbs and clean energy reactors and cell phones and tablet computers, and framed certificates for the company’s exceptional philanthropy on the wall.
you never see me really snap. Tell Coulson to extract Hawkeye and Black Widow from whatever ass-end of creation Fury’s got them squirreled out of the way, or I’ll come get them myself.” Toni releases Carter and steps away as Carter curls in on herself, coughing harshly. “JARVIS, get me the Mark VI. I’m going home. Now.”
Tony’s heard the stories from Xavier’s group, knows what happened to Jean Grey, but somehow, the reality of its mind-blowingly, thought-meltingly
“At some point,” Clint says casually, balancing easily with a knee on the windowsill and a foot on the seat, despite the drunken sway of the vehicle, “this will stop happening to us, right?”
“No. No, I’m … I’m fine.” With inhuman effort, Steve manages to get his breathing under control, though it takes him a good few minutes to do so. The unsettled flutter doesn’t go away entirely, though; it just dies down to constant itch, like ants crawling around his chest. “JARVIS, do you know where I might have left my shield? I think I may have misplaced it.”
Time passes. Toni isn’t sure how much. She loses track of everything; time, herself, her thoughts. For the first time in a very long time, her head doesn’t chatter with designs and ideas, bits of song, lightning-bright innovations and sharp snarky one-liners. She’s so used to having a constant feed of information cheerfully steamrolling across her synapses that the still, grey quiet physically hurts.
Tony shrugs, tries not to feel so very exposed,  hanging in midair and burning brightly as he is. “Got room for one more in the Bird Squad?”
His eyes follow her, fixated like a cat, as she thumps onto the floor. “I know you.” It sounds more like a question than a statement.
The Winter Soldier jerks backwards, then forwards, and his hair falls into his eyes as his shoulders bow. When he raises his head again, his eyes are clear and there’s a person staring back at her. Not the Soldier, not a mindless Hydra assassin, but a real person. “Your name is Toni,” he says, sounding surprised.
Phil waits until Toni’s wrapped her hand around the cup and taken a long swallow before answering, not the least because it gives him time to take another sip of his own. He’d ask how much the coffee costs, but he’s a little afraid of the answer. “SHIELD has credible intel that outlines a serious threat to your well-being, Toni. I’ve come to brief you on the details and try to come to some arrangements for your security.”
In the silence that abruptly follows his involuntary outburst, Clint blinks owlishly at him, and guilt flushes through Steve, because if there’s one thing Clint rarely displays, it’s outright shock. “Sorry,” he mutters, goes back to drawing.
“Yeah, not super psyched about giving it back to you now, honeybunch.” She keeps him in her field of vision, keeps her repulsors charged and ready to unload. “You mind telling me why your panties are all a-twist, princess? I haven’t done anything to you. I’m pretty sure I’d remember if I had.”
A little shorter than usual, but I split the chapter in half when it got a bit on the bulky side. The next chapter should be out late tonight or early tomorrow morning as I finish the scenes off and polish it up.
Her vision swims and greys, and she shakes her head sharply. Goddamn, what the hell did he hit her with, a sledgehammer? “Not if you’re going to use it to nag at me.”
Rhodey frowns, clears his throat, swallows, clears his throat again and looks uncomfortable. “Look,” he says. “I’m only gonna ask this once, and then we’ll never speak of it again, alright? I just wanna know if the reason you don’t want to talk about what’s clearly upsetting you is because…” He grimaces. “Am I one of your marks?”
she told herself again, and couldn’t remember if she had ever experienced scent in a dream before, but wrinkled her nose at the smell of blood and hoarfrost in the air.
“It is 12:03pm, ma’am,” JARVIS replies. “I did attempt to alert you to the time, but ma’am muted me for interrupting her
“Alright, J. Run that fab process, let me know how it goes. I'm going to head up and let them know the guest of honor is ready to celebrate her birthday now.”
For a moment, he doesn't know how to reply. He doesn't know if he's the Asset, the Winter Soldier, Bucky, or someone else. Panic surges, brings bile, and he swallows hard, forces it back down. “Bucky,” he says, after thinking about it for too long. “James Buchanan Barnes.”
It was at least five major wars, twelve Presidents, massive cultural and social evolution in all corners of the world, thousands of technological innovations, millions of new songs and books and movies, new laws, new industries, new
“She’s my soulmate too,” Steve says automatically, then hears what just came out of his mouth and stops dead, staring blankly at the empty bottle in his hand. Jesus Christ, she’s his soulmate, she’s injured and about to undergo a medical procedure. So what’s he doing down here, feeling sorry for himself?
“Of course, ma’am. Would you like that filed under ‘Empty Threats’ or ‘Plans for the Robot Apocalypse’? The inventory manifest for the armory lists several Stark smart bombs that have been stored within.”
A hand drops onto her shoulder, squeezes gently. She looks up into Natasha’s face, and Natasha looks approving. She reaches up, covers Natasha’s hand with her own, and smiles faintly.
Dr. Fennhoff clucks, pulls a penlight from his pocket and clicks it on. “Look straight forward, please,” he says, moving the penlight quickly from side to side. “I’m afraid you were in a coma for some weeks, Captain Rogers. There was some concern you wouldn’t come out of it, even with your… enhancements. It’s a miracle you’re awake and as relatively stable as you are. For what might have resulted from your battle with Iron Man, memory loss is relatively good.”
“Attaboy, James,” she says. Feels the world rock under her again, grinds her fists into her eyes, tries to remember how to breathe through the clamps around her lungs. “J, am I having a panic attack?”
” She’s always known that she’s one bad day and a shitty cup of coffee away from snapping and conquering the world, tries the best to keep looking forward, keep tying herself to anchors she trusts will never let her float into chaos. She never thought it would happen like
His palm, broad and warm, curves around the back of her neck. Squeezes gently, solid and real. “You with me, Toni?”
, but she’s at the very least content in the moment. “We’re okay,” she says, dragging her fingertips down from his hair, tracing the line of his spine to between his shoulders, and then reversing the motion. It’s a tiny thrill of satisfaction when he leans into it, and she smiles. “You can kiss me again, if you want. I can quite honestly say I’ve never been kissed like that before. S’nice.”
He's breathing hard, wild-eyed, off balance and reeling, scrambles to his feet. A dark-haired man crouches over Stark, brushing back her hair, gently caressing her cheek, cradling her head in his lap. A man with a metal arm and a sniper rifle slung over his back. A familiar man, he realizes, and the world crumbles as Bucky Barnes stares furiously at him, torn between absolute rage and utter joy. Steve’s legs go out from under him and he's back on the floor, staring up at his soulmate, alive and well.
She pulls his head away from hers, and stares up at him with eyes gone deep and dark. There’s a flush high in her cheeks that spills down her neck and chest. Her eyes flick to his mouth, and she licks her lips with a quick dart of her tongue. “Yeah, bed,” she says, in a tone that makes it crystal clear it isn’t sleep she’s thinking about, and his chest aches like she just socked him in the ribs with the suit on. “That’s
. Thinks about the wild, desperate shine of her eyes. Thinks about her gasping for air over the open comm. Thinks about how readily she agreed to trust him with her property, her sanity, her weaknesses.
The shower goes a long way to making Toni feel like a human being again, washing away aches and doubts with the filth and blood, swirls it down the drain in a froth of vanilla-scented shampoo and Irish Spring soap.
, as he strips her again, but it's four in the afternoon. Even after all that strenuous activity, he's not the least bit tired. So he kisses her neck, untangles her octopus grip and makes sure she's comfortable and warm. It does sappy things to his heart when her hand snatches his pillow from his side of the bed, and buries her face in it with a contented purr.
“You’re brilliant, Fitz,” the woman says soothingly, crisp and British. “I’m sure she’ll like you. And if she doesn’t, then
“Yes, ma’am, you did,” JARVIS says, a long-suffering note in his voice. “Three hundred and sixty-five days ago. You celebrated by getting drunk and having a fight with Colonel Rhodes until he stole the War Machine model from you.”
“Oh, just fucking hilarious,” she says, stirring milk and sugar into the cup and licking the spoon clean. “Raging alcoholics make for sterling entertainment when they’re screeching about who deserves what portion of Great-Granddad’s estate, and what consists of an appropriate lifestyle expenditure. Hint: a gold-plated doggie fountain is not an appropriate lifestyle expenditure.”
Someone remembers Steve is an artist, he knows because they tell him. And they give him paper. Lots and lots of paper, finer and smoother than any kind he’s ever had in his hands. Pencils too, and pens, and all sorts of drawing media he’s absolutely flabbergasted to even realize exists. He doesn’t know what to do with most of it, isn’t sure why he needs six different kinds of erasers and God Almighty, the colors they have in the 21st century. Boxes and boxes, markers and pencils and paints piling up in his room, a wealth of supplies unheard of in his day.
He doesn’t have to imagine any of it anymore, because everything he read about in his newspaper serials and library books and listened to in radio plays, everything that long-ago Stark Expo promised, all the fantastic tales of futuristic technology are
Rhodey pins Toni with a look that promises yelling and recriminations and attempted guilt trips at a later date. She just bares her teeth in a smarmy grin and wiggles her fingers goodbye at him.
After the events of the first Civil War event, a grief-mad Scarlet Witch wishes for there to be "no more mutants" and there aren't, until Hope Summers, the Mutant Messiah, is born. In Avengers vs. X-Men, the Phoenix Force returns to Earth, presumably for Hope. Scott Summers and the mutants on Genosha, what few are left, are hoping it's come back to spark mutant births anew. The Avengers, led by Tony and Steve, aren't so sure, because one of the things a Phoenix is really good at is fucking shit up on a planetary scale. Tony builds a suit to take the Phoenix down, but accidentally splits it into five pieces, which empower Scott Summers, Emma Frost, Illyana and Piotr Rasputin, and Namor, who become tyrants and despots. They're defeated, eventually. Wanda and Hope together wish for No More Phoenix, and the Phoenix Force disperses across the Earth, begins reawakening mutations in depowered mutants.
is she going to sleep on it after the day she’s had. Instead, he scoops her up and carries her out of the workshop and through the house, back to their room.
“For fuck’s sake, Carol,” Tony snaps, crosses his arms over his chest, pins her with a hard, nonplussed stare. “What's the likelier scenario: that I've gone one thousand percent batshit and masterminded this ridiculously elaborate ruse just to lure you somewhere I can get you alone and vulnerable before I take my revenge on you and all this Phoenix stuff is just a really convenient coincidence, or that a cosmic entity with the brain of a kindergartener and the power of an Infinity Stone fucked around with Captain America's personal timeline to turn him into a Hydra stooge and all this Phoenix stuff is just a really convenient coincidence?”
Oddly, it makes him feel just a little bit better about the modern world. He recognizes a tiny part of it now, he has something he can latch onto and hold tight when the chaos threatens to sweep him under. This, at least, is unchanged and untouched by time.
He’s leaning against the side of the desk with one hip, absently swirling the ice around his glass, and watching her with hooded eyes. His posture screams of long familiarity with using his size to intimidate people, and she takes the cue, hunching back into the chair.
“Note the Iron Patriot's arrival,” he says. That shoulder-mounted cannon is distinctive, even if the paint job wouldn’t have given it away.
When she wakes up again, she’s in the living room tucked under Clint’s chin, wrapped in a blanket. His arms are loose around her, with a game controller snug against her hip. “Morning, dear,” he says distractedly. The black eye has faded to yellow and purple, which means it looks way worse than it actually is. “Sleep well?”
But okay, it’s fine, he can work with that. He’s not a man to brag about what he does or what he’s accomplished, but he knows he excels at management and he’s a half-decent field agent to boot. He can look at the pages, look at the numbers, come up with solutions on the fly. The trick is to remain calm.
“Look at you,” Toni says fondly, “like a goddamn cat with a ball of yarn. Hey, you think you could roll on your back and I’ll hold one of the rifles out by its strap and you can bat at it? I want a picture of that on social media, hashtag superkid.”
It’s one of the most endearing quirks he loves about Toni. Complex problems that have his head spinning and the panic rising, she takes in stride, completely confident and in control. Simple stuff baffles her, throws her off, sends her into a panic spiral when she realizes she doesn’t have a handle on it. It’s yet another reason he thinks they’d be good together, if only he could unglue his tongue from the top of his mouth to say something to her, like Clint keeps nagging him to do.
that it breaks the hold Red Star has on her. “Her old man is due to kick the bucket any day now, and when she inherits, Toni’s going to run the business into the ground. She’s an idiot, honestly. Gorgeous, but not much there.”
. He growls, broken and guttural, kisses her like he’s trying to crawl inside her mouth, swallowing her noises. He’s not going to last long, the pressure’s already building in his balls, and he desperately tries to fight it back. He wants to see her come first, shake apart, slam into her while her world explodes.
He spares a glance back, then wipes his face with the towel. It’s the blonde woman, the one Bucky said also had a suit of armor Toni made for her. Carol Danvers, Air Force colonel. Drilled-in training wants him to salute, but Steve isn’t in the mood for playing military politics today. “I’m fine,” he says shortly, and unscrews the cap to the water, gulping it down.
She shrugs, spins the chair back and forth with her hips, and gives him the lazy, playgirl smile that’s second nature to her now. “What would I do with a conglomerate, Uncle Obie?” she asks, and is proud of herself for not choking on the absolute lie. She knows
She laughs, but there’s only a little humor in it. “I dunno about 'well’, J, but I’m at least standing, and that counts for something, right?”
“Amnesia?” Nothing about this is sitting easy. “But I remember my life. I remember being Captain America. I remember everything right up to the plane crash. I remember Project Rebirth and Arnim Zola and…” They’re both shaking their heads, Peggy looking horrified, Fennhoff looking interested. “Did… none of that happen?”
“Excellent. And… mark. Targets are at the optimal interception point. You are green. Weapons-free, lethal force authorized.”
He hits the ground on his hands and knees as the flames fade away, head low and panting hard. He’s drained, exhausted, want to do nothing more than curl into a ball and go to sleep for a week, then sleep for a week more over the loss of Rhodey. But he doesn’t have the time, or the opportunity, or the privilege, to do any of that.
“Except minor assets slated for other parties,” the lawyer -- she didn’t even catch his name -- affirms with a nod. “If I may say so, madam, Mr. Stark was quite proud of your accomplishments. He talked about you quite a lot over the last two years, said you were making a name for yourself from the ground up. He respected that, quite a bit. I’m sorry for your loss.”
Turns to catch the precision swing of another black-clad intruder, trying to clothesline him. Kicks out at a third while he still has a hand around the wrist of the second, drives the third across the room to crash into the dumbbells. Spins tightly on his heel, whipcracking the second intruder into the heavy bag, spin-kicks them so hard when they stagger back that they flip in the air before piling onto the floor.
“--Dr. Stark, Jemma!” the man is saying, and he’s excited enough that his Scottish accent is all but strangling his words. “Her papers are bloody brilliant. I never thought I’d have an opportunity to meet her.” His expression goes worried. “What if she thinks I’m an idiot? What if she doesn’t like me?”
He jumps nearly out of his skin when Steve’s hand slides gentle and warm on his shoulder. “Thank you, Tony,” he says, and smiles down in that stupidly Steve way and Tony realizes not for the first time that he’s ridiculously
“Focus people!” Carol snaps. “Now is not the time for this. Get your heads in the game, or turn around and go home before you get someone injured or killed.”
Just to let my regular readers know, it might be a few days' delay in the next chapter. I've got a couple of deadlines looming in my professional life, and I'll be using this weekend to try and get ahead of them.
Toni’s voice comes, loud and clear and with that exasperated plaintive note she usually reserves for Clint stealing her apples.
“No,” Schmidt says abruptly, and Steve snaps his mouth shut in surprise. “Stark is not a high priority target at the moment. The Phoenix is a volatile element, Commander. Attacking it, or being perceived to attack it, has grave potential to unravel everything we have worked towards these last few decades. Return your resources to their normal operations and do nothing to threaten the success of our ultimate mission.”
The hallway is endless, she thinks, as she crawls down it at a pace a snail would think is slow. Eventually, she hears the faint sound of voices speaking. She flattens herself again, this time into a convenient patch of shadow, as the speakers come around the corner and into view.
Toni is going to murder Bucky at her earliest opportunity, because there’s no way Steve could have known without Bucky tattling. There’s too much Brooklyn in that last statement for her brain to do anything but briefly short spectacularly out, which is how she ends up with a bruise perfectly shaped like the edge of the mat on her left ass cheek.
“Morning, honey,” Clint says from somewhere above and to the left, and his voice is very soft. Something touches her forehead, hard to tell because of how utterly disconnected she is from her own skin, but she thinks it’s his fingers. “Sleep well?”
“I’m picking up an open comm channel,” JARVIS says suddenly, and now there’s a different note in his voice, slightly upbeat pleasantry replaced with cool efficiency. “Sir, it appears to be a frequency used by the Avengers, specifically, the multichannel ma’am uses while flying.”
“I made double fudge brownie cake,” says a new, female voice, and Toni jerks in surprise. The torch flies out of her hand, automatically shutting off the second her finger leaves the trigger, and only Rhodey’s quick catch saves it from bouncing off into the darker corners of the workshop.
Toni moans at that simple touch, and her fingers flex, digging her nails lightly into his scalp and neck. He shivers hard and groans, breaking from her mouth and turning his head to hide his face in her shoulder, shoulders heaving. “Sorry,” he says, half-muffled by her shirt. “We shouldn’t have done that. I swear to god, I’m not trying to sleep my way up the corporate ladder.”
Toni’s grin, however impossible, grows wider. Seamless integration with the applications on her laptop,
“Sure, whatever you say, Toni.” His hand smooths down her arm again. “I’m not buying that metaphysics is what turned you off from underage drinking, though. Hell, I’m starting to think it’s your fourth major. Wanna tell me what really happened?”
The second is that, despite the first logical points against taking a suit, he tries to put one on anyway, and finds he’s developed some sort of claustrophobia in the last few lost months, and the suit closing around him, which once felt like home, now just feels like a prison from which he can’t escape.
A week later, after more sex in more positions than Toni has even dreamed existed, when Toni’s fairly sure she’ll never move again because everything is just so
She sees red, white, and furious star-core blue as he prattles on about forged marriage paperwork and how he can’t wait to sit in Howard Stark’s chair and spend Howard Stark’s money. She thinks she can hold it together long enough for Ty and Red Star to get out of sight. She bites the inside of her cheek to hold it together long enough.
Through the window of her laboratory, she sees Simmons’ wide-eyed, stark-white face appear, and she hastily waves at her to go hide. Shit, she cannot do this here. She has to get somewhere safer, get the psychotic supersoldier far away from her baby geniuses.
“Barton,” Carol says with a warning undertone, as Quill bristles defensively and Kate breaks into laughter. “Knock it off.”
She doesn’t miss the violent flinch at the mention of her injuries, and the mental bulb clicks on. Ah. Right. “I’m too tired to have the conversation about who’s at fault for us slugging the shit out of each other,” she says, and crawls onto the mattress, burrowing under the sheets. “But suffice to say it's not you, it's Hydra. But we’ll talk about that in the morning, okay?”
“People say I never learn, Cap,” Tony says thoughtfully, eyes focused on the bright pastel smears of the sunset. “But I do. I really do. I’m not going to forget what happened to Summers and the others when the Phoenix Force took them over. I’m 95% sure what happened to them isn’t going to happen to me. The problem is that other pesky five percent. That’s where the chances of me going Darth Ferrous lie. So maybe don’t take me on faith, but at least give me a chance.”
Yet here he goes again, taking a deep breath, opening Steve’s door, stepping inside. Moving quietly to the chair beside the bed Steve is curled up in, broad shoulders hunched and tall length curled around his stomach.
His smirk only barely starts forming before she’s wagging her finger in chastisement at him. “What? I didn’t even say anything.”
“I understand what you’re saying,” Rhodey says, then circles his ear with a forefinger, “but all I hear is
Natasha lays her hand gently on the edge of the comm, brushing a fingertip along the ring of the speaker. “You’d never do anything that compromises Toni’s right of choices,” she says, less of a statement of fact and more of a gentle reminder. “Even if that would solve a lot of problems,” she adds, after thinking about it for a moment.
“--I don’t want the bitch to die, of course,” the other man is drawling, gesturing with his hands as they near her hiding place. The voice is what pulls her attention away from Red Star, because it’s Tiberius Stone, and that is so jarring and
Incredibly, the only thing she hits is a pair of arms, one metal and one flesh, suddenly there to catch her. Stupidly, she blinks up at the very tall man in the black leather tactical suit. She can only see the top of his face, because he has something covering his nose and mouth, and his eyes are painted with greasepaint. She has no idea where he came from or what he’s doing here, but she’s never really been happier to see anyone in her life because he caught her, and that means she isn't splattered across the grass and dirt.
He lets himself be led in and babbled at, because he’s still trying to formulate what he wants to say. He can’t even register that she’s making him a new goddamn arm, which is lying half-assembled on the table and which she is cheerfully ranting about, because he’s caught in feedback loop that begins with
Something stirs beside her, weight shifting, rearranging. A cool hand touches her forehead, and then presses against her cheeks. “Nope, sorry, still alive,” Nat says, from above and slightly to the left. “How are you feeling?”
The murmurs of agreement, the muttered “Cap’s side is usually the one to be on”, bring his attention fully back to the room. He jerks his head up, narrowing his eyes at the brief, barely-there flash of blue he catches gleaming in the space above their heads.
She racks her brain, digging deep into the tired memories and sputtering synapses, dredging for any idea that isn’t going to get her a) killed, b) brainwashed, c) shot full of arrows, d) ruined at by Pepper or e) tortured by Natasha. “I got nothin’,” she breathes, mostly to herself.
Something flickers across Schmidt's face, there and gone so rapidly Steve questions if it was there to begin with. But one does not survive decades in service to Hydra without developing a healthy sense of paranoia. He's reluctant to tell Schmidt everything, but he can't assume Schmidt doesn't have spies embedded in SHIELD to watchdog his loyalty.
She sits up, inwardly a little surprised that it doesn’t take as much effort as she thinks it should. “Don’t go there, Steve,” she says as his face darkens into such a
He smiles, drains his cup, mourns its emptiness. “May I brief you on the security threats while you work?”
“Yes,” Natasha replies immediately. “You enjoy when people fawn over you, соколик, but you fail to realize that Toni is usually the one who tucks you in and spoon-feeds you soup when you’re sick. Or maybe you do and this is just you sulking because Toni is otherwise occupied.”
Toni presses a hand to her soulmark, frowning in concentration. Then, she takes a deep breath, sighs through her nose. "He's my best friend and I love him more than almost anything else in the world. We've been through a lot of shit together, and I never have even considered giving him up. But I will," she says softly. "Cos you and me? That's something I need more than I love Clint, and if you can't deal with it, then all the flirting and texting and reminiscing stops.
She pushes the trolley back into the elevator and hits the communal floor again, grumbling under her breath. As the elevator is rising again, a thought occurs to her and she closes her eyes with a wince. She’s forgetting someone in her apologies. “Hey, J?”
“Good,” Toni says softly, and holds out a gauntleted hand to the man on the floor. “Alright, on your feet, Terminator. We’re leaving.”
There’s a hand on her face, pressing against her cheek, holding her against someone else’s face. The scent of cucumber and pear shampoo, Natasha’s brand, and a song, lilting and minor, Natasha’s sweet alto quietly singing in her ear, “Богатырь ты будешь с виду И казак душой. Спи, мой ангел, тихо, сладко, Баюшки-баю.”
She finds the drone a few minutes later, and begins to get the sneaking suspicion that JARVIS is toying with her, since he keeps ducking the drone in and out of the clouds. After a prolonged, frustrating hunt, she drops on top of the drone and shoots it at point-blank range. “Alright, kiddo,” she says, letting the drone fall and readjusting the contours of her armor for top speed. “Jesus, I must be halfway to Japan out here. Time to go home, I think. Let Steve know I’m on my way back, please.”
Another coughing fit overtakes her, leaves her head spinning and her breath short and shallow. “But I would have liked to have met you,” she says, weak, low, faint, and closes her eyes to sink back against the pillows, to slip into the last fever sleep she’ll ever have. She’s so tired of fighting to stay alive, tired of being alone even when she’s surrounded by those she loves. She’s ready, eager even, to disappear into the dark.
Steve’s hand stays outstretched for a moment, and a fine tremor goes through it. He curls it into a fist, tight and white-knuckled, and carefully puts it back down in his lap. Bucky doesn’t need a bond to feel the rage pouring off Steve, never has. But it beats in his breast anyway, deep and cold as ice, counterpoint to his own hot, molten fury.
“I talk to Toni all the time,” Steve replies evenly, and does his best to not dig the pencil into the paper as he sketches a broad-stroke, rough outline of Clint’s pose when he sees Clint’s smirk widen and his mouth open. “And yes, I know what you meant, Barton, but I don’t want to talk about it.”
He sucks in a breath, realizes he hadn’t been breathing, and leans forward on his hands. “Yeah,” he says, frustrated. “I’m the Winter fuckin’ Soldier. I should be able to handle
Natasha really wants to roll her eyes, finding it especially difficult to resist doing so when Clint chimes in with, “That’s what I said.”
because she knew Howard’s obsession with Captain America would make him latch onto me as legitimate proof he survived. I don’t know if Mama thought she was protecting me, or if she thought it would make Howard neglect her -- though twenty-five years ago, I would have believed the former, no questions -- but she was the only one who knew my soulmarks for a long, long time.”
A lump rises in his throat, and tears blur his vision, which is fine because then he doesn’t have to see in sharp relief the moment the plane smashes into the ice and sends him flying into the freezing water.
She tips the envelope over the floor beside them. Documents and plastic rectangles and smaller envelopes spill onto the floor, accompanied by the more solid thump of a worn leather wallet and the jingle of metal keys. His own face stares up at him under the glossy shine on a New York state driver’s license, half hiding the top formal script of a Record of Birth. A new StarkPhone, this one with a red and silver star on the back of the sleek, black case.
“--died in 1944 exactly as you said, in a plane crash in the Arctic. They never found his body. You’re the first successful supersoldier candidate since Captain Phillips. They gave you the title and the shield.” She sighs, and trembles a little. "Iron Man is... oh, it sounds so silly to phrase it like this, but Iron Man is a villain you've fought on a couple of occasions. He... hurt you pretty badly the last time you fought him."
Steve frowns a little. The shield, he thinks, should have been the last thing Toni wants to touch. She had given it sidelong looks full of wariness on the flight to Los Angeles, nervous with its presence until Steve decided to tuck it out of sight. Why would she come into his room to take it now? “Thank you, JARVIS,” he says, deciding to ask Toni herself.
“Stark, Natasha Antonia,” he says immediately. “Daughter of Howard and Maria Stark, both deceased. Current CEO of Stark Industries, founder and CRO of Stark Solutions Inc. Injured in Afghanistan, 2008, during a business trip to demonstrate weapons for the US military. Genius-level intellect with expertise in engineering, neural computing and cybernetics. Also known as the Iron Maiden, a vigilante known for—”
Logically, he knows it’s not Steve’s fault. Just like he logically knows that Toni’s physical state after Siberia isn’t his fault either. But see, logic isn’t playing in Bucky’s ballpark right now. Logic isn’t even on the game schedule. Logic is way down the line, in the bottom of the league. Right now, Rage is playing Self-Recrimination, and so far, score is tied.
not out.” Bucky pulls her into his chest, and the solid warmth is enough anchor her. Her lungs fill in a gasping rush. “Out again. Slowly, Toni. Again. Slow, deep breath, sweetheart, c’mon,” Bucky says, ghosting his hand up and down her spine, keeping her eyes on his, keeping her focused. “Just breathe with me. In and out, Toni. You’re doing good. Just keep breathing. Get control of it, there you go. Deep breath, out again. You got this.”
“Thanks, J,” she murmurs, eyes still closed and bent under the spray. She hears the door out in the suite open, footsteps that come in and pause.
Toni’s eyes don’t quite light up like a Christmas tree, but they come pretty damned close. “I think I can find some time,” she drawls, leans back in her chair, drums her fingers against the armrest. “Don’t think I don’t know what you’re doing, though. You’re a cagey bastard, Phil.”
He shoves the yoke forward, and the plane tilts into an abrupt nosedive. And serenity settles into his soul, calms his nerves, smooths out his thoughts.
“It’s fine,” Bucky says, and his voice sounds stronger, steadier. Whatever they gave him is finally wearing off. “Still got one good arm and a fuck of a lot of heavy weaponry sitting in your lockers. I’m good. I’m with you.”
But first, she needs to take care of the new kiddo, count the fingers and toes, make sure he's healthy and whole.
The itching suddenly spikes in intensity, and it feels like a swarm of angry bees buzzing just under her skin. Tony gasps and jerks, clawing at her chest, ripping aside the neck of her tee-shirt and
“You are not broken,” Toni says tiredly, still hunched over her hands. “Because you’re not a fucking clock. You’re a human being. And even if you were broken, it doesn’t even fucking matter, because fixing things is what I do for a goddamn living.” She straightens and turns, scrubbing her face with the palms of both hands. “God, I can’t do this right now,” she mumbles. “I’ve been up for thirty-six hours. I need to go to bed. I can’t fucking think straight.”
When Toni wakes again, the pain is different. The sharp, stabbing knives in her side, shoulder and hand have faded into itches and twinges, replaced by a deep, throbbing ache in her bones, and a horrible hollowness in her stomach. She opens her eyes, squinting in the bright light above, and a shadow falls on her face. Toni blinks up to see Helen Cho leaning over her, with an apologetic smile.
“Shit,” Clint says, more wonder than apology, and settles into place. “Jesus, Steve. Why didn’t you say anything? I thought you just wanted to bang her. I didn’t realize you were head over ass in love with her.”
“Stark's entire history with authority consists of Congressmen trying to take her property, and SHIELD infiltrating her company to spy on her. Authority has come at her sideways, insinuated itself into her life, demanded things be done. Authority hasn't asked for cooperation and respect. It's ordered it, and done very little to earn it.”
She loses, of course, because she was always going to lose. It wasn’t her best day of fighting, but it wasn’t a bad one either, and she knows she gave it at least 75%. Steve, on the other hand, might have cracked 30% of the best he is capable of giving, and that’s being generous with her estimates. But she’s happy anyway. She held her own, got in a couple of brilliantly timed if occasionally lucky shots, and has purged the remnants of the anxiety and fear out of her system.
He sinks into the deep, into the dark, lungs burning, choking, arms outstretched uselessly to the receding light above him. As his vision goes dark, he sees two figures swimming through the murk and gloom towards him, shining red and gold and silver. He stretches desperately to them, and two different hands, one slim and warm, one broad and cool, link their fingers with his and haul him back up towards the sun.
Carol just keeps smiling at him like he said something particularly cute or adorable. “Because when you say it out loud so you can hear it? That’s when it hits you, fully and completely, that you have a soulmate. Or two, in your case. You’ve already bonded with one, so you should know this.”
“I honestly don’t know.” Steve shrugs with an apologetic smile. “It’s easy for me. Then again,” he says, and Toni knows he just had a thought, because his eyes are lighting up and he has an aura of
“I understand if you’re not going to show us the technical specs right away,” Fitz is chattering away as they walk down the hall towards her workshop, “but I wonder, would it be too much to ask if I could even see the Iron Maiden suit? It’s a marvel of engineering, a bloody near-miracle, honestly, and it would just be amazing if I could just look at it.”
“All sorts of goodies and swag. You wouldn’t believe how comprehensive they are.” Toni flashes her a real smile. Gets one back in return.
The relief on Hogan's face is obvious, and his shoulders relax. “Good. Still, client confidentiality is something Stark Solutions employees are supposed to keep in mind.”
He’s just not in the mood to do anything but stare out a window and try to see the city he remembers in the skyline he no longer knows. Maybe punch a few heavy bags into submission. And… if he’s being as honest with himself as he usually is, he’s also a little worried that he’s going to see Toni’s face, and all the conditioning is going to come roaring back.
She launches forward, pushing off the mat hard and fast, spinning the moment she clears the floor into a high spinning heel kick. Steve snaps his arms in a cross in front of his face, trapping her foot between his forearms.
He might otherwise have said no, because he’s learned the hard way that granting Tony access to any sort of classified files frequently leads to Tony gaining access to classified files he wasn’t strictly permitted to see, but Steve needs to lock Tony’s allegiance down as soon as possible.
“All the things you broke, and your terrible, inappropriate sense of humor stays intact. Just our luck.” His rumbling chuckle sounds very far away. The drugs are creeping up to cloud her brain again, and she starts to sink into it, then remembers and fights her way back with a pained gasp.
“It’s your birthday, ma’am,” JARVIS says calmly. "He says he's here to make sure you join the festivities."
Clint smirks, sudden and sharp. “Bird Squad looks after its fledglings, Stark. Owl take you under my wing. Just try not to ruffle any feathers while you're in my nest. I'm tired of ducking the un-emused’s punches.”
He pushes open the door and strides in, expecting to find… he’s not sure what he was expecting to find. Toni up to her elbows in an engine, stress-welding, maybe. Floating holographic schematics for Iron Maiden suits, certainly. But not this.
She doesn’t even know if she’s still breathing, if her heart is beating. Is this what being dead is like? This cold, frozen, utterly soundless existence? Her only points of warmth are where skin is touching hers, and those places are lines of searing fire, but even that’s not enough to keep her rooted.
“I’m starting to want you to make me,” Steve says, and beckons her forward again with a quick flick of his hand.
“I kept as much as I could true,” Toni’s saying, but he can barely hear her past the ringing in his ears. “You still have your full name, your birthday, which, shit, we missed because
He reaches out instinctively, connecting to the network of the Helicarrier and partitioning part of his attention to hacking into the most heavily encrypted parts of the system.  It would be a cakewalk if he still had his Director or even his consultant credentials, but Norman Osborn’s disastrous stint as Director after Tony’s unceremonious ousting resulted in a complete overhaul with fresh operating systems and brand new credentials.
He wonders if the vein he can feel throbbing in his temple is visible. “I respect Toni,” he says, this time through gritted teeth.
“Knew I hired that woman for a reason,” she says, and bends to sign the charter, then shoves it over to him to witness. “Well, that’s done. Let’s go recruit us some goddamn superheroes.”
“I think you're making a mistake, Director,” he says. “I find her a little high-strung, but overall pleasant and cooperative.” He shrugs. “I told her she would make a good agent. I'm usually right about those kinds of things. You just have to find the right approach.”
Natasha frowns unhappily. “We first thought your ribs were broken, actually. You were coughing blood, and you were struggling for breath. I was afraid you’d punctured your lung. But the scans JARVIS took didn’t show any fractures. You bit your lip pretty badly, though, so it was likely just blood you’d swallowed. Still. You scared us pretty badly, Toni.”
Something flies out of the left, blinking blue and he reaches up to bat it away. It hits the palm of his metal hand, and there’s a pulse of pressure through him. His arm suddenly goes dead.
Steve keeps an eye on the window as he does all the prep work, dropping the vegetables into the pot he left simmering on the stove earlier. He’s only ever done this once before, when he bonded with Bucky, but his mother made sure the recipe was ingrained in his head. She’d already been sick by then, determined to pass on a tradition she said went back generations, so when he met his soulmates, he could treat them accordingly.
“Ain’t nothing normal about you, Barton,” Rhodey says, stretching his legs out to rest his heels on the coffee table, crossing at the ankles. “But remind me again, aren’t you supposed to be some kind of marksman?”
“Incidentally,” she says to Bucky, bending over his arm again to fiddle futilely one more time before giving up and closing the open panel, “this is why it takes me going psychotically off the rails before I submit to authority figures. I don't do well sitting on my ass, and half the time, that's all they want me to do.”
Especially since she’s testing the tech in Russia. Without letting the Russians know. Or anyone else, for that matter. She’s pretty sure that no one would appreciate what she’s doing, so she never bothered asking.
“Dreadfully so, ma’am,” JARVIS replies dryly. “Even if I had such information, perhaps hypothetically obtained by analyzing video capture of Colonel Danvers as she entered and moved through the manor, it would run counter to my personality matrix to provide such information to you without sufficient cause.”
Bucky side-eyes Clint, arches an eyebrow at him. “Your hand’s twitching,” he says. “Like you want your bow.”
“Fuck the meeting,” he growls, wraps a hand around the back of her neck, and pulls her into a kiss full of heat and tongue, clutching hands and guttural noises. “Need you,” he moans, pulling her off the table. “Jesus, I need you.”
Intrigued, Fitz opens the attachments, letting the Starkpad slide onto the mattress as the holographic interface activates, spilling plans for particle colliders and formulae for synthetic vibranium and the schematics for arc reactors, big and small, into the air. His jaw drops open and he feels like a child full of wonder as he raises a shaky hand to turn the three-dimensional particle collider, brush through the elegance of the maths, cradle the arc reactors.
Bring her back to sleep with him and Steve? Not an option, because she’s still hurting from Steve’s time under Hydra control. It might work for tonight, but he doesn’t want her to have another panic attack in the morning when she realizes where she is. He could leave her and trust that she’ll sleep on her own, but that clearly hasn’t been working. He could leave Steve and sleep with Toni, but then Steve’s nightmares will have them all awake again anyway, and he’d be right back at square one.
She leans back in her chair, holding the contract. Frustration surges again, deep suspicion right behind it. “So what’s the goal here, Carter?” she says, skimming the text on the first page. “Why are you and One Eye Winky so hellbent on making me go through every line of these things when there’s a perfectly good department full of shark-toothed lawyers three floors down doing absolutely
“They can try.” Dark promise in that statement, and it sends a frisson of fear and arousal down Natasha’s spine. “In fact, let them try. One
The door squeals loudly, and she pulls it open with gritted teeth and a constant wince. She immediately puts her back to the wall beside the door, knife in hand, alert for anyone to come investigate the noise. After a few minutes, it’s clear no one will.
I'm also taking prompts for an Avengers Academy AU I'm writing, where both Toni and Tony exist as twins. If it's something that would interest you, feel free to check out the work (starts with Double Date), and either comment with a notion (that will be credited), or send me an Ask/message on Tumblr.
All credit to Clint, it only takes him a minute to recover from gaping shock, and then his hip shifts subtly, and the defensive posture turns into a coquettish sprawl against the door frame. “Sad for you,” he says with a smirk. “I was a circus performer. You have no idea how bendy I am.”
Baldy watches him with a small smile, hooded eyes. “My name is Jasper Sitwell,” he says. “And since your next question will no doubt be something equally vulgar asking where you are or why we captured you, let me cut out all the terribly dull questions and tell you now: you have been apprehended by a SHIELD special operations team, and are on the way to one of our black sites, where you will be held until a list of your very extensive crimes can be compiled.”
He looks down at the neatly-stapled pages in front of him, staring at them like he’s trying to burn holes through to the table with his eyes. He reaches out, drags the document closer, but his eyes slide right past the formal language until the neat lines of text are blurry streaks. Deep in the smeared lines, he can see shadows moving, coming together and breaking apart fluidly. Both soulmarks
Toni hits the mat hard enough to drive the wind from her lungs, hard enough to make her see stars. She lays there, unable to move, sprawled akimbo on the floor with her chest hitching desperately for air and spots dancing in her eyes. For a brief moment, panic flutters in her chest and adrenaline surges, the instinctive reaction of a body when it’s convinced it’s dying.
As I left things here, Toni is spending the night with Clint and Natasha, and Bucky's returning to Steve for what will no doubt be a long, serious conversation. I don't really plan on dragging any of this out longer than necessary, because I tagged Steve/Toni for a reason after all. However. If y'all would like to see these currently fade-to-black scenes as they played out, I'm happy to write them. If not, story moves on a teensy bit faster. :)
She shimmies into a sitting position, letting the sheet fall to her lap. His eyes automatically go to her breasts and darken; there’s an answering pull, sluggish but interested, in her groin. “Stop that,” she snaps, feeling her cheeks flush. “I know you have this thing where you say something that makes perfect sense to you, but
Her eyes flick to his hand on her wrist, then back to his face. Suspicion paints her face in lines hard and dark, and he grunts a little as the pressure increases against his restraining hand. “Steve warned me you might approach me with some cockamamie story,” she says, and her eyes narrow. “You destroyed a Helicarrier, Stark. God knows how many lives were lost. Do you have anything to say before I take you in?”
She tenses, her mind flashing to Afghanistan and cluster bombs and dark holes in the world. She debates breaking down the door to check with her own eyeballs. “Jericho?”
She tucks that realization into the back of her mind, lets it simmer on a quiet little burner, just in case she one day needs it. Because there is one Sorcerer Supreme she knows where to find, and failing that, she can go beat answers out of the Sorcerer-King of Latveria.
Clint sighs noisily. “It's just…hasn't she been through enough? Does the universe just really need to fuck her this much? I mean,
“Understood.” It’s the longest fifteen minutes of her life as she jigs and zags across the sky, looping back around and keeping herself within range of the slower-moving convoy, staying out of sight above the clouds. Data flows across her HUD, a countdown ticking seconds away, the map overlay showing the dots slowly approaching the green triangle Coulson has marked for her intercept point.
And if Schmidt has spies in SHIELD, that's fine too. He has other resources he can call upon to monitor for Tony’s location. He needs to check in with Selvig anyway, so the timing is perfect. Selvig should be more than capable of tracking Phoenix-level energy spikes.
“Well, no. Like I said, balls, throat. That’s my plan. But you don’t like it when I get possessive and caveman on you.” He grins, pulls her up and slides his arms around her waist. “So I’m comforting myself with picturing all the ways you’re going to end up utterly destroying him, because you are cold and ruthless and a fucking
He drives his fist into the bag, snarling with the sudden surge of rage that screams behind his eyes. The thick leather of the bag gives way with a loud, groaning rip, and sand patters fast and furious on the floor. He sighs, closes his eyes, leans his forehead against the cool surface of the bag. Pulls his hand out, sending more sand cascading everywhere. “
He sits and pulls his phone out of the pocket of his sweatpants, ties his hair back and plays Angry Birds quietly until Steve’s eyes fly open maybe ten minutes later. He knows the routine by now, has seen it enough times to move his legs out of the way as Steve scrambles off the bed and rushes for the bathroom. Moves them again after a prolonged period of muffled retching and spitting to let Steve lie back down, then slouches down in his chair and crosses his ankles on the mattress.
She swipes at the air, pulling up a holoscreen and opening a channel direct to Coulson, who is still at the Manor directing cleanup and security operations. “Any word on when we might be able to come to the manor, boss? There's shit I need there.”
“Many things are true,” Tony replies as pleasantly as he can through gritted teeth. “Might I inquire which of these things you could possibly be referencing?”
She wouldn’t be surprised if their end game with this bullshit dance isn’t precisely that: bore her into complacency and impatience, so she’ll sign over her arc reactor plans or the tech specs for the Iron Maiden suits without knowing.
“Oh, right. Yeah. So. Australia. Great place for a vacation, to celebrate an anniversary. Your schedule’s clear, I’m on leave. Weather’s all cold and wet and slushy in New York, go somewhere it’s summer. Seems perfect. I’d just like to know why, almost the second we set foot on the dirt of a continent where a frightening number of indigenous species have insanely fast ways to kill you--” He pauses, and out of the corner of her eye, Toni can see him aiming, all long, lean lines and coiled muscles, shifting fluidly with the bouncing and dipping of the Jeep. Toni’s breath catches a little, because he’s pretty goddamn
without gagging on the utterly filthy lie, talks about honoring current military contracts for offensive technology, talks about the complete end of the Stark era of arsenal assembly by 2008. Moves into talking about their new satellite program, the plans to have the next-gen StarkPhone and the new first-gen StarkPad in the hands of consumers by Christmas. Speaks about the rebrand of Star Solutions to Stark Solutions, the merging under the umbrella of the Stark name.
, but the real test is going to be when JARVIS comes back online. Will he be what she wants him to be? Will he grow into Skynet and take over everything? Can he pass the Turing test? Is he going to integrate with other systems, or is he going to be a glorified information bank? She doesn’t know, and it’s simultaneously thrilling and terrifying.
Second half of the Bucky POV chapter, which is seriously as long as the last one got. Your regularly styled chapters will return in Ch 8, featuring flashbacks and Toni-centric POVs again.
Natasha comes trailing behind Toni, her hair so different and her face so young herself it takes Steve a moment to recognize her. “You shouldn’t leave,” Natasha is saying, neutral expression firm and secure, but Steve’s gotten to know Natasha a little. There’s an agony in her eyes, lined sharp and clear by the tiny furrow and slightly pinched lips.
Back at the office, she knew something was wrong, knew she was too angry, managed to alert JARVIS, tried to reach out for help. Thought she was in control after she kept herself from choking the life out of Carter. Now, rocketing across the Long Island Sound at just under Mach 1, she still knows something’s wrong, knows she’s passed way beyond
It’s still a near thing. By the time she sees the broad beach with the dock, the curiosity is killing her. Adjusting her path away from the cliff, she soars up, until the mansion rises in front of her. She cuts around it, arcing wide to the courtyard in the front, and light winks at her, a brilliant flare that draws her attention.
He makes it into the kitchen before JARVIS greets him. “Welcome back, Captain Rogers. Did you acquire everything you need?”
He doesn’t understand how they turned another woman into Peggy, let alone hidden his own goddamned soulmarks from him and put a false one on him. Bucky’d shown him the technology, some fine mesh panel that can be programmed to make a person look however they want. It’s science-fiction to him, though. It’s something that HG Wells or Jules Verne write about in their novels and serials. He’s seen it work, both in the security footage taken from Hydra, and on Bucky’s own body, changing his artificial arm back and forth between looking metal and looking like flesh. He just can’t really believe it’s real.
A long chapter, because I finally managed to get my pacing where I wanted it. This whole thing is a weighty 10,000 words, and I really should have broken it in two; there are a lot of good break points. However, since I have driven some of you to rage and despair and coping mechanisms, I'm not going to torture you any longer. Your chapter, folks. Enjoy!
“What can I say, it’s not me, it’s you. Also, it’s your guns.” He sets the Dragunov carefully back down, picks up the Sig Sauer sitting next to it, sits cross-legged on the floor in front of the bench, and starts field-stripping it.
And she closes her eyes, allowing herself to drift into the grey dark while Rhodey laughs and cries above her, while Clint smooths her hair with shaking hands.
The nurse gives him a sympathetic smile that’s sharp around the edges. “I’m sorry, Captain Rogers,” she says. “But Doctor Fennhoff’s left specific directions. You need a shot every four hours, to ease your nausea and the headache.”
The door explodes inwards, dented and warped by the repulsor impacts, and Toni steps inside the secret Hydra base, energy equalling a million pots of coffee surging in her bloodstream. “
Toni rolls her eyes, discomfort churning in her stomach. “Whatever, boss,” she mutters, poking at one last wire before glancing up at Bucky. He shakes his head and she makes a face, closing the panel. “Fact is, I’m not a team player. In fact, I’m fairly certain there’s a report floating somewhere in the SHIELD servers that states exactly that. Iron Maiden, yes. Toni Stark, not recommended. Teamwork gives me hives anyway. I don’t respect people who are supposed to make the calls. It was temporary, boss. I don’t want it to be anything more permanent.”
“Sorry, Toni,” Helen says, and adjusts something above Toni’s head. “You’re past the point where the nanites are cleansing your blood. They’ve probably neutralized the painkillers and sedatives now.”
he could find, carefully tied together with leftover pieces of twine and read and re-read on days he was too sick to get out of bed. Cyborgs and mutants and computers that could think like people and flying machines that could go to the moon kept his mind occupied, his hands sketching what his imagination spun with his chewed-up pencils and jealously-hoarded scraps of paper.
It’s stupid, it’s so stupid, it’s just a shield… but it’s a shield wrapped up in his self-identity, one of the few things he has left to tie him to his old life. It’s saved his life so many times, it actually feels like a physical blow, a solid punch in the chest, to think of it being gone forever.
“My god,” Carol breathes, and wipes a hand slowly down her face. “I don’t know what to believe, Tony. I don’t want to believe
There's a single heartbeat in their chests and they breathe with synchronized inhales, in silence and stillness, and watch the night give way to the dawn.
he thinks, a last ditch effort as his shirt bids his chest farewell and disappears over Steve’s shoulder.
Bucky inhales, quick and sharp. “Get in line,” he says in the same tone, off-handed and firm, and Steve’s arm around his back tightens approvingly.
“Oh yeah,” Bucky says, and gets up to get Steve a wet rag for the blood on his face. “That was Clint. And yeah. Yeah, you should definitely take him seriously.”
He learns that Clint and Toni are handsy fuckers, full of casual touches and affectionate nudges from knees and shoulders and elbows. He learns that they are incredibly conscious of him, and make special effort to never startle him with their touches. He learns that a light hand on the arm from Natasha is the equivalent to an affectionate hug from Toni, or a companionable arm around the shoulders from Clint.
“So four months later, she comes back with a fucking car battery in her chest, new and hilarious scars, all kinds of mental trauma, and the first thing she does is build Iron Maiden two point oh and start waging war on terrorist camps, because the weapons and missiles that were supposed to be, you know, not being designed and manufactured anymore, were in the hands of the Ten Rings.”
Toni, Christ. You and Steve, man. You could both give complete fucking speeches with your facial tics.”
“I believe, Dr. Simmons, that is your mandatory firearms training with Clint,” JARVIS replies promptly. “Shooting Stuff for Beginners.” A pause, and Fitz glances at Jemma just as she glances at him.
Today is the day that Stark Industries, quiet and dark for six months, hemorrhaging money left and right with all the retrofits and staff turnover and new hires, opens the doors on their brand spanking new domination of the telecommunications market.
She blinked again, surprised despite herself. “Brother?” she whispered, and stretched a hand to bridge the distance between them. “Thor?”
!” The voice is distant, searching. Tony hunches her shoulders but scurries deeper into the garden. Mrs. Jarvis is looking for her, but… just… not today.
Her speed is limited in the tight corridors, but Steve's is not and he's catching up ungodly quick. She shoulders a set of reinforced double doors hard, barrels through them into the storage facility once used for Stark smartbombs, now used to house satellite assembly facilities, and pitches the shield as hard as she can into the distance.
Howard’s office still holds a scent of cigar smoke, those ridiculously vain King of Denmark sticks he had personalized in diamonds and gold foil with his name. Toni can never smell that brand without thinking of Howard, telling a four-year-old girl that she would never be an engineer because girls are stupid. It always smells like fresh hurt and hidden jealousy to Toni.
Muscle memory makes him reach over his shoulder for a weapon that isn’t there. His fingers don't find smooth, curved metal, and close around air. It throws him off-balance, out of rhythm, long enough for a white-coated man with blood and snot streaming from his nose to jab him in the neck with a syringe.
Fennhoff shrugs. “A pliant mind is fertile ground for our methods, sir. One of our agents was able to access him while he was still in SHIELD facilities, and began the process with subliminals and injections. Once we had him, we manipulated his sense of reality from the moment he woke up, convinced him he’d been dreaming while comatose. Stark’s nano-veils came in exceptionally handy, and Agent 33 is a superb actress. There were times I truly believed she
The last thing Toni wants to do is give the eulogy at her father’s funeral. She hasn’t spoken to him in years, not since he called her on New Year’s Eve in 1999 and lambasted her for attending a party in Bern instead of trotting home like a dutiful daughter for the annual Stark New Year’s Gala. She has always been his greatest disappointment, so his anger hadn’t come as a surprise, nor had his declaration that he was washing his hands of her. She had the gall to be born with a vagina instead of a penis, and that lessened her worth in his eyes. That knowledge still stings a little, but has long since lost the majority of its power to hurt her. She’s over it.
To think that this is the man who’s going to be dictating the future of the Stark legacy makes Toni want to break something. Preferably his smug, insufferable face.
Slowly, cautiously, she lowers her arms back down and, because she’s her and because it’s happened before, she wonders exactly what absolute
“And… this makes you happy?” Six years together, and there are days Toni despairs of ever figuring him out.
“Yes,” Rhodey drawls wryly. “Damn that ability to vote and go to college and work in traditionally male-dominated industries like…” He snaps his fingers, like he’s trying to jog his memory. “Tell me, what womanly, gentle fields are you studying again, Tones? Engineering? Physics? Computer science?”
Her lungs reinflate with a whoosh, and her head swims with the rush of oxygen as she sucks in the deepest breath she is sure she’s ever taken. Her sinuses burn from the force of it, and her eyes water. “Need softer mats,” she croaks, staring squint-eyed up at the ceiling through the shimmer of liquid.
She’s stable enough to shuffle back down the hall by herself, as long as she uses the wall, so she bids Natasha goodnight and makes her way back to her room. She doesn’t turn around to look, but she knows Natasha’s watching her from the door of the bathroom. She’s also pretty sure that Clint’s lurking in the ventilation system somewhere, also keeping an eye on her.
Natasha leans forward, until their foreheads are almost touching. “Your heart stopped beating,” she says, calm and clear and lethal. “Your arc reactor was dark for two minutes.
Steve thinks with a sardonic twist to his mouth, and his hands are white-knuckled fists at his side.
Carol files in, nudging Steve along, and Bucky assesses him with a long, appraising look. He’s got an expression of dazed wonder on his face, like someone cracked him over the head with his own shield and he’s not sure how it happened. Carol steers him to the chair next to Bucky, and pats Steve on the shoulder before quietly leaving again.
“We’ve met once or twice,” she says, and fumbles with the helmet before removing it and raking sticky, bloody, sweaty and just downright
Tony launches into a far more technical explanation about his Extremis nanotech and immune system responses than Steve is prepared or interested to follow all that closely, and he’s only half paying attention to the details as his mind whirls through all the new pathways and doors he can see opening in his mind’s eye. An embodied cosmic force, one perhaps powerful enough to challenge Schmidt’s embodied cosmic force, if he can’t coax Kobik to spend more time with him than Schmidt.
Strong hands pin her arms back by the biceps, two on each side, and a third set has her by the ankles. She gets a foot loose, snaps a vicious heel into the nose of the man holding her other ankle. There’s a cry of pain – the man falls backwards, gloved hands splaying open and down,  and eyes wide, surprised, under the balaclava – and starts to struggle, trying to pull her arms free. Something slaps over her mouth and nose, sharp and sick-sweet. The world goes fuzzy and starts to fade.
“T’will be a glorious battle,” Thor says, and Tony can hear the determined smile in her tone. “Songs will be sung of the deeds done this day.”
“Philip Coulson,” she says, with deep emotion, “I may actually cry.” She moves forward to greet them, briefly has a minor panic about how disastrous she looks, yoga tank and jeans and workboots, dishevelled sex hair from her earlier Rhodus Interruptus she never got around to brushing out, arc reactor glowing in the middle of her scarred chest. Remembers that they’re geniuses too, and geniuses forgive silly things like clothing and personal appearance in the name of science. “Hi there!” she says brightly. “The boss said he had a surprise for me. I guess you two are it.”
He grins and winks at Tony, whose jaw drops slightly and whose eyes go round and big in his head. “Think about it, Tony. World’s a better place when we’re side-by-side. You taught me that.”
“Welcome back, солнышко,” Natasha says, and presses a light, dry kiss to her forehead. “That was a bad one.”
Toni is only on her feet because the suit is keeping her up. JARVIS has commandeered the life support functions of the suit, and she has to tolerate the indignity of an intravenous needle jammed into her wrist that’s pumping mild painkillers, fluids and nutrients into her. It’s the compromise they make.
“You know what, go ahead and do that. Give him everything. Iron Maiden. Prototype tech specs. My goddamn iTunes purchase history. Everything. Full access to my entire life. And make it a Skynet protocol.”
She sticks her tongue out at him, and nudges her goggles back up into her hair, turning her attention to Rhodey’s date. She’s tall and blonde, not pretty in the same manner most of the girls Rhodey’s introduced her to are, but striking and handsome, which is far better in Toni’s opinion. Toni’s first impression is,
She taps a fingernail on the comm console, debating for a moment before inputting Clint’s cell number and sending it through. She isn’t on strict communications blackout for the operation, but she even if she was, she’d break it for this.
“I can’t leave you two alone for a second,” Bucky drawls from behind her, and she sags against Steve, clutching his shoulder as she spins too fast. Her brain, normally faster than lightning, is having trouble parsing the obvious hold of a quinjet around her, complete with a dent in the far wall where her shoulders hit. Bucky, lean and lethal and geared for war, grins at them both, sprawled in the pilot’s seat with an ankle propped on the opposite knee.
“No,” Natasha says softly. “No, I knew her after all of that. You two don’t talk a lot about the time that came before I started living here.”
at her, so fast she doesn’t have time to blink. His hand snaps around her wrist, and then she’s flying over his hip. She squawks and
.” More ice rattles, water and chips spilling onto a metal surface, the sink. “And I’m pissed. Worried and pissed.”
Next time I’m fighting off a goddamn army, I’ll just ask them to pretty please wait until I can text you for permission.”
It doesn’t look like the lair of a villain, but Steve supposes he wouldn’t know what that looks like anyway. Maybe all would-be world destroyers had skyscrapers in New York City. His team parks on the rooftop of the high rise across the street from Stark Tower, and sets up surveillance. He doesn't know all of their names, and that bothers him, a little. If this is his team, he should know them by name.
He tells her that little girls shouldn’t play with electronics, because girls are stupid and can’t do engineering, because girls have to have babies and look after their husbands. She runs away from him, crying, and taking solace in her Mama’s lap, Mama's fingers in her hair, and Mama's soft voice calling her
Natasha reaches out a hand, strokes it through his hair, strokes down the back of his neck until stopped by the edge of his tactical vest. “I know,” she murmurs, knowing that Clint is far more likely to smother Toni to death in hugs and fussing than inflicting any pain on her. “And she’ll deserve it.”
Toni's never looked backward and missed it. She might think fondly about something she experienced, and he knows better than anyone that she has regrets, or things she wishes she had done differently, but Toni is firmly eyes-forward, focused on what is to come. The future is what beckons her, not the past. Not once in his earshot has she ever said,
She grabs the shield and yanks it out of the wall. “Catch me if you can!” she tosses through the hole in the wall, through which she can hear Steve picking himself up. Flicks the edge of the vibranium shield with her finger, just to make it ring, just to piss him off. “Ever play monkey in the middle?” His return, wordless roar sends her rocketing down the hall, carrying Steve's shield with her.
“Die, I imagine,” Natasha replies easily. “Your first workshop binge alone would do you in without Clint or I bringing you food you don't brew in a pot.” She gives Toni's hand a final squeeze, then gently untangles their fingers and stands up. “I’m going to go run you a bath,
Her, her. They’re all her. “Shit. Leave it to me to go for broke and take them all. Oh god, I am so fucking
It's familiar and unfamiliar at the same time. Though it uses the same metaphorical muscles as connecting to computer networks and electronic devices, it’s a completely different sensation to connect with a living mind, and for a bad moment, Tony doesn’t think he’ll be able to do it at all.
Toni swings back and forth on her chair impatiently, drumming her fingers in a rapid staccato while the system goes through its reboot. Everything is checking out so far, everything is just goddamn
Toni’s pretty tired of talking by the time she finishes her speech, but the vultures have been promised a Q&A session, so she takes questions as Pepper directs her to take them. Most of them are fucking stupid, like is her soulmate going to take a more public role in the company. Who made her dress. Does she have any sex tips, since she spent a lot of time in the European tabloids with a wide variety of partners. Toni answers these mostly by rote, since she’s been asked a hundred variants a million times. But the question that she finds the most interesting and fun to answer comes just as the 30-minute question-and-answer period is winding down.
Steve shakes his head slowly, lets Bucky soothe him back down into curling together again, but takes another glance over his shoulder. His eyes pass over and through Toni, and the jolt is a faint echo this time as he touches her mark with his fingertips. “Just a feeling I have,” he says softly, echoing himself as they both dissolve into mist and she’s falling again in her bright, hot fire.
Her breath catches in her throat when she sees the source. Steve is standing in the middle of the courtyard, in full Captain America regalia. The uniform is form-fitting and sleek, with broad chevrons flowing into the white star centered on the muted blue chest. His cowl is back, the wind ruffling through his hair as he tilts his head up, shading his eyes, to watch her approach. The rim of the shield on his back winks again as he shifts his weight.
It’s fading rapidly now, the spiky intensity dialing down to a dull ache and a throb. He laughs like he’s drunk, knows it’s because of endorphins or something, doesn’t matter to him. “I know, sweetheart,” he says and, with a lot of concentrated effort, slides her hand from where it’s pressed against their soulmark to the double star on the other side.
“The scans,” Tony replies and sighs. He gulps coffee, and Steve waits impatiently for him to finish drinking. “I think whatever bit of the Phoenix picked me to hibernate in was there long enough, maybe even since the moment I broke the damn thing apart, it became part of me.”
but all I can think about is how his face looked when he was ripping my armor to pieces around me. I’m trying, Bucky. I’m fucking trying, but I can’t… I can’t figure out how to separate it all out. I don’t know how to fix it.”
She cracks open an eye, stares unimpressed at him until he looks up, then shuts her eye and thumps her head against the back of the couch again. “You, huggy-bear, are not one to talk about responsibility. You are supposed to be studying, because you’ve got a midterm on Monday, 30% of your grade, isn’t it? But you’re actually playing EverQuest. Tsk, tsk.”
She drags her eyes up over his face. He’s lost his mask somewhere along the way, and if she wasn’t three seconds from collapsing, she’d totally notice that, under the black eyes and cuts and swollen left cheek, he’s completely and utterly
It takes him a moment to process that, because he almost can’t wrap his brain around it. “You’re gonna just toss away something you’ve had for thirteen fuckin’ years because
“About goddamn time,” Clint grumbles, slouching back against his chair and tilting his head towards the ceiling. “JARVIS, mind using some of your frighteningly broad Red Queen autonomy and sliding authorizations on over from Stepdad to Aunt Carol for a few days?”
The van jerks to the right, wheels screeching on the asphalt, and Toni drives her armored fingers into the underside of the roof, hauls herself forward. The van floor creaks in protest under her weight. Its speed drops significantly.
“Yeah.” Carol is smiling. “She is. And it’s really nice to hear you admit it. Is that the first time you said it out loud?”
. Another blow comes, driving into the left side of her armor, and she feels the impact jolt through her ribs, pain flaring in a sheet of white.
It’s hard to keep the present separate from the past, and his vision keeps splitting between Toni’s workshop and cavernous facilities with shadowy figures muttering German around him. The pain makes everything blur together, run into each other, bleed between Hydra and Stark.
When Steve gets out of the shower, he notices the shield is gone. It’s been sitting in the corner of his room for the last few days, since he chose the room on the first day, set aside but not forgotten. He hasn’t touched it since, just allowed it to sit and gather dust while he enjoyed the first vacation he’s had since he and Bucky spent that day at Coney Island way back in 1940.
“You wouldn’t clean a pool even if we had one,” Toni says, after a moment of thinking about it. “You’re the laziest kept man ever. It’s a wonder you haven’t grown into the couch yet.”
She cracks a baleful eye with an ascerbic comment on the tip of her tongue, but her breath hitches in her throat. Clint’s face hovers above hers so close their noses are practically touching. There’s a speculative look in his eyes. She licks her lips and watches his gaze flick down. A curl of heat rolls low in her belly.
No great secret to anyone that she's the love of his life, but only if he had to label it. He doesn't usually bother trying to define it, because whoever he's trying to explain it to is just going to spin it their own way anyway. Like Bucky, who still thinks he's just jealous because his presence means Clint doesn't share her bed right now, but it's not about that. It's never
Toni wraps her hands, trying to keep the panic under control. She keeps her breath slow and regular, but her inhales are a trifle sharp, and her exhales come out shaky. She concentrates on the bright blue of the wrap, flexing her fingers and wrist to check the fit before closing the velcro strap on each hand. Concentrates on the feel of fitted cotton-lycra blend, the breeze on her arms, the floor under her bare toes. She’s barely got a handle on it, and she knows it. But this is something she has to do.
He doesn’t sleep at first, paces restlessly around his room until he could walk through with his eyes closed uninjured, and lays on his narrow, firm cot to stare hollow-eyed and blank at the ceiling when daylight breaks wan and pale against the walls. The serum keeps him going on bare minimum, does what it was designed to do, but it’s not foolproof and it’s not without limit.
She yawns. “I don’t really care who’s idea it was,” she says. “I just want to sleep for like, a month. I’m the laziest invalid you’ll ever meet. I linger in bed for hangnails and stubbed toes. These bruises should be good for at least thirty days. I'm claiming suffering and damage.”
He continues his restless stalking, until a faint scraping noise pulls his attention towards the door. He’s in time to see Toni dragging herself painfully down the stairs, falling the last few steps to collapse in a heap on the floor. He’s halfway across the shop before he can blink, her name trapped behind his clenched teeth and sudden panic pounding in his head.
Carter’s mouth opens and closes, her expression off-balance and uncertain. Toni laughs harshly, reckless with anger. “I’m sorry, did I go off-script? Was this not covered in the SHIELD agent’s guide to manipulating Toni Stark? Do you not have a snazzy, multi-point plan for dealing with your top consultant telling you to go fuck yourself? Can’t think of a comeback? C’mon, Carter, I don’t have all day.”
Toni doesn’t pause this time, just keeps her hands dancing through the air. “Fury’s smart,” she says. “Agent Agent’s the one I’m least likely to murder, right behind Tash and Clint. Yeah, go ahead. Let him in. And send my apologies for the state of the house. The maids apparently don’t get paid enough to scrape brain matter off the fucking wall. Progress check?”
“My schedules run the world.” Pepper hangs the garment bag on a hook on the coatrack behind Toni’s desk. “And yes, you’re hideously ancient,” she agrees, and shoves the toiletries bag into Toni’s chest. “Twenty-four,
, she told herself, but shivered at the very real chill creeping up her legs, closing in on her shoulders, undeterred by the delicate material of her sleeping gown.
Bucky really doesn’t want to do this. He’s not the therapist type. He’s not anywhere near stable enough to deal with this. But that’s the thing: none of them have ever been stable enough. He’s read enough psychology books and articles about shell shock and battle fatigue – what they call post-traumatic stress disorder these days – to know that every single one of his weird family unit could use deep, deep therapy, but they clutch each other and drag themselves through, muddling along until they find something that works.
about the feeling that washes through her when the HUD lights up with pre-flight systems checks. While JARVIS is running his boot-up checks, she performs basic motor tests, moving her arms and legs and head, rolling her shoulders, checking to make sure that the joints allow her the full range of motion.
Toni feels terrible about it, but she can’t sit still in a chair and learn what fork is for what dish – she already knows to start from the outside and work her way in as the courses come – and she can’t slip on her uncomfortable high heels and learn how to balance on them, not today. Not today, when her skin is crawling and her fingers are itching and her brain can’t settle on a single train of thought for more than a few seconds. Schematics and designs are star-bursting on her eyelids, orderly blue lines spilling out in patterned, complex shapes, unfurling like Mrs. Jarvis’s roses do in the sun, one petal at a time.
He hears the scrape of a shoe, very soft and undetectable to anyone not pumped full of supersoldier serum, and whirls and ducks under the arm of a black-clad figure holding a box with two prongs. Instinct takes over. He grabs the intruder’s wrist, yanks them forward, drives his knee into their solar plexus. There’s a grunt of surprised pain, something cracks, and the intruder collapses into a heap.
It almost feels like it used to, the bantering, the not-quite-flirting. Steve lifts the pillow off his face long enough to glare at Bucky with one baleful blue eye. He stares back, unimpressed, and Steve lets the pillow corner drop again. “How’s the woman? Stark, was it? I guess she’s Howard’s daughter? How is she doing?”
Natasha doesn’t say anything, just sends Toni a look that beautifully combines exasperation and fondness, signs beside Clint’s messy scrawl. When she’s done, Bucky lifts the charter, takes the pen, and turns Toni around and uses her back as a support to sign his name to the bottom. He tosses the pen back to Rhodey, drops the fully-signed charter in Coulson’s lap, and slings his metal arm around Toni’s shoulders. “So that’s that,” he says, and kisses her temple. “Guess we’re a team now.”
about it. I told myself I was imagining things, but now…” He sighs, grimaces. “How certain are you about this Hydra thing, Stark? Where's your intel coming from?”
. Maybe Toni can help him bridge the past and the present in a way that makes more sense to his poor, addled brain.
“Well, how conveniently that happened. Don’t think you’re safe. We’re continuing this conversation later.”
“My physical therapist says I’ll never fly again,” Carol says, and Toni’s not sure, but she thinks there’s a hint of mutinous defiance in there.
Bucky tries to force himself not to tense, not to react to the shot of rage and fear the goes across him, through him. Tries not to remember the way Toni looked sprawled in blood on the floor, even though he knows that’s going to feature in his nightmares for a while. “Toni’s a survivor, and her life is kinda… rough. She’s bad, but this isn’t the worst she’s been through. She’ll be okay.”
“Pretty much all of it.” He shrugs out of the jacket, stretches it over the desk, and starts brushing the lint off the back. “Why?”
That gets a wince, a flinch, a spike of guilt, everything he was looking for. It doesn’t make him any happier. “Yeah, shit. I got nothing there.” She runs her hands through her hair, blows out a breath. “Yeah, that’s on me. No excuses, honestly. It’s just something we’ve always done. I didn’t even stop to think, and I really should have.”
“My best estimate is at least seventeen Hydra agents remaining, as well as an additional seven scientists.” There’s another of those tiny pauses, and JARVIS continues, “Ma’am, your injuries are extensive. You must take care of yours—”
Fennhoff and Peggy exchange looks again, and irritation sparks, because he knows they’re carrying out a silent conversation he’s not privy to. “I have to tell him,” Peggy murmurs.
No news but shit news. Options.” Her damaged HUD flashes, a path outlines, stairs and hallways and more stairs, and then a smallish chamber, the interior or which streams information she can’t focus on. Toni just blinks wearily, and it takes her a worrisomely long time to open her eyes again. “What am I looking at, J?”
She spins, dropping to a knee and hands coming up defensively. It’s the only thing that saves her head from being knocked off her shoulders.
“You’re just special, Jim,” Carol says sweetly, twisting to pat his cheek. “I was just given mine, no strings, no fist-fight.“ She scrunches her face when he just kisses her on the forehead in reply, and settles back around again. “Are these training scenarios going to be a regular thing?” She blinks. “Hey, that’s my popcorn!”
“Sure,” Bucky says easily, turns away as the door closes. He waits for jealousy, anger, possessiveness to flare. And it does. It’s there, probably always will be to some extent. But it's muted and weak, all but drowned by relief and a sense of rightness, contentment that Toni is somewhere she wants to be, somewhere she’s happy. He’s not going to try to unpack it much more than that, because it’s enough as it is.
With effort, he shakes it off and smiles. “Come upstairs,” he says, reaching carefully out to take her hand, giving her plenty of opportunity to pull back. She’s been less and less jumpy around him since their arrival, but he still sees the wariness, feels it skitter across his chest, every time he reaches for her. “I’ll make lunch.”
Toni feels her breath slow, settle, steady, breathes in the rhythm he’s tracing on her spine. Breath in when his hand goes up, out when it goes down. The frantic hammering behind her eyes, the fist around her heart and lungs, eases. She drags in a shaky breath, closes her eyes, lets it out in a slow, slow sigh.
Movement outside the window pulls her attention. Rhodey, in the Iron Patriot armor, slowly drifts downwards until he’s fully visible in the window wall. His faceplate is up, and he’s crying with laughter. A holo screen snaps to life over the table, and the comm lines engage. “Oh man, Tones. The look on your face.” He mimes wiping a tear.
The suit doesn’t even sputter. It responds to every muscle movement, every microgesture, as though it’s reading her thoughts. “J,” she says, breathless after pulling out of a steep dive in time for her right gauntlet to skim the surface of the water, “Take dictation.
“Who’s kicking my ass now?” comes Bucky’s voice from the direction of the elevator, as he steps through the doors, still toweling his hair. Carol raises her hand, and Bucky snorts. “Old news. Besides—” He moves to the armchair Natasha left and plops down into it. “—it wasn’t a fair fight.”
And then comes the point Rhodey turns and says, “C’mon, Tones, you know I’m right. We’ve got three suits, but nobody gets the job done like special forces.”
It’s such a change of gear, it takes Tony a second to follow. “The one where I was a woman and we got married?”
“Do you?” Clint readjusts his hands, and Steve reaches for the eraser again, counting to ten in his head as he does. “You’re clearly stupid for her. I’m pretty sure she’s agreeable to the thought of you in a suit. Or out of the suit, for that matter. She’s single, you’re single. I just fail to see the problem when it’s painfully obvious--” He
Phil pauses, considers. In hindsight, perhaps he should have gone to Pepper first, or at least visited before he left Stark Tower. “Yes,” he says finally. “Not over the phone.” He swallows to wet his suddenly dry throat and adds, “Can I interest you in dinner to talk about it?”
Loki, it could only be Loki, his face pale and bloody, neck hanging at an unnatural angle. Her breath came hard and fast in her chest, until her thoughts were swimming and her vision blurring.
Toni’s memory is very good. “Get James, get Sitwell or other senior agents, salvage tech and information, in that order. I understand, boss.”
It was inevitable, this path, he thinks, smoothing his fingers over the smooth surface of the file folder. He’s been in deep with emerging superheroes ever since Toni Stark came back from Afghanistan with shrapnel in her chest and power armor on the brain. Maybe even since he became Barton’s handler all those years ago. Maybe even since he fell a little bit in love with Captain America as a little kid, constructing and building his life around the ideals and morals Steve Rogers embodied.
Red Star looks past her, looks back to her, and then steps away, turning on his heel and disappearing back down the hall and around the corner. Toni’s legs quit the second he’s gone, and only Clint’s rush forward to catch her saves her from collapsing on the floor.
Pauses. Blinks his eyes. Shakes the urge off, or tries to. His fingers want to draw, but that’s never been one of his talents. He even fails at stick figures.
Tony doesn’t move a muscle for a long, long moment after Steve moves into the adjacent room, very carefully keeping his facial expression and his breathing under control. He doesn’t know how he manages it, because the surprise of Steve’s hand enfolding his warm so quickly transmuted into cold, screaming horror when he’d caught a mental picture he knows damned well didn’t come from his head, and it’s making him want to flee this place as fast as he can.
“JARVIS,” she gets out, slapping away Carter’s grab for her, and reels back into her chair, banging her hip off the corner of the desk on the way down. “JARVIS, call James. I need… Something’s wrong. Get me James.”
Whatever hope she had that he might stop, like Bucky’d done, when he sees her face dies the instant he lifts his head. Ice goes down her spine, because behind the rage, there’s no one home that she ever wants to meet. “Iron Man is a woman,” he says, and hesitates for a moment, confusion warring with something else in his eyes. But they go hard and cold again the next moment. “Doesn’t matter. You killed Peggy. So I’m going to kill you.”
“Ma’am, I have finished decrypting the final layer of SHIELD security--” And Toni’s blood runs absolutely
Toni blinks her eyes open again, wincing at the feeling of red-hot needles sporadically stabbing her insides. “Jesus. Really? That’s not overkill?”
“One minute, Iron Maiden,” Coulson finally says, when the dots and triangle are practically kissing on the hub. “JARVIS has calculated the most likely vehicle to house any prisoners is the middle. It’s carrying a significantly heavier load, according to his interpretation of how the van’s wheels compare to its escorts’. Your priority is to extract the target as soon as possible, with the least possible injury to either of you. Your secondary priority is the capture of Jasper Sitwell, should be be on-scene, or any other senior agent as I identify them. If this isn’t possible, attempt to obtain any storage devices or tech the rogue agents are carrying. Do you need me to repeat your objectives?”
He separates everything slowly, pushing aside bank account statements with cards attached via paper clip for four separate banks, one of which isn’t even in the United States. Three separate credit cards, all of them sleek and black and bearing the name J. Barnes in smooth, raised letters. A US passport. Pages of print-outs that look like tax records and job histories. A clear, press-zip envelope with JOINT ACCOUNTS written in black marker in Toni’s messy scrawl, with more envelopes and cards and information inside.
His expression breaks first, softening from neutral and unreadable into gentle concern. “You with me, Toni?”
She hears a whimper, broken and hopeless. It comes out of her mouth. Twelve minutes is a long fucking time to stay alive with psycho-Superman and his Tonicidal intentions on her ass.
“Hi James,” she replies, pulling rope after rope apart and letting them drop to coils on the ground at her feet. She grabs the bar of the heavy cuffs locking his wrists together, and starts squeezing to soften the metal.  “You with me?”
“No,” Fennhoff replies, and turns to the computer beside the chair, types on the keyboard. “Likely our conversation has triggered his awareness of self. A minor matter. He won’t remember us speaking in a moment. Sit in the chair, Captain.”
She tilts her head and considers. Behind her, the door hisses shut and clicks secure. “May as well,” she says, and then has to throw herself forward, burning a second of jets to launch faster, as a black-clad goon steps out from around the corner and opens fire with an assault rifle. She sets her feet and skids to a stop, and snaps off a repulsor blast.
“You, Fitz,” she says solemnly, “are now my new little brother.” And holds out her fist for him to bump.
“Alright,” she says softly when both hands are done, closes her eyes and blows out a breath. Squaring her shoulders, she turns and walks purposefully from the bench where she’d been warming up to the mats in front of the wide, ocean-facing windows, where Steve is waiting in his workout clothes. His face is open and creased with concern, and she doesn’t need his mark to feel his own nervousness and uncertainty. He’s radiating it in waves of distress, from the crinkling of his eyes to the way he keeps making minute adjustments to the black wraps on his hands.
Steve makes a noise, shifts a leg, and hauls Tony into him more securely, and what’s left of Tony’s ability to think rationally vanishes under a deluge of Steve’s aggressively broadcasting train of thought:
Eventually warmth penetrates, spreading with a feeling like a head breaking water. She surfaces again, shivering violently under a thick, heavy blanket on someone’s lap on the floor, pressed in and held on all sides by warm bodies.
“Kay. M'tired.” She doesn’t fight it this time, just sinks into the warm, numbing, drugged feeling, and lets the world slip away.
Odin waited until Frigga had closed the door, quietly, then took her gently by the arm and closed her hand in his. “How is she?”
He sits, perhaps a little more abruptly than he meant to, on the top step and swipes a hand slowly down his face. “God,” he says with utter and sincere feeling, props his chin in his hands, elbows on knees, and stares glumly out at the lunarscape. It occurs to him that after all this time, he should be used to waking up somewhere strange with no idea of what happened, because it’s such a regular occurrence in his life, he should start planning his schedule around it.
“Sure you do,” Bucky says, and steps into the elevator. “See if you feel that way after you’re clean, fed and fucking rested. Until then, I’m ignoring your incoherent rambling bullshit.”
Toni blinks, rapidly, a lot. “Uh... “ She and Pepper have had a couple of variations on this argument for some time now, but she’s never threatened to remove her from her own companies. “You can’t do that?” But she’s not really eager to find out if Pepper actually can or can’t. “You know what? I’m done talking about me. Let’s talk about you. And Helen. Cos
“Uh huh,” she says, a little breathless, a little dazed, and her hands start running through his hair again. “Still forgiven.”
“I can respect that,” Clint says, rolls onto his stomach and props his chin in both hands. Steve swears under his breath and reaches for the eraser to fix the lines for the new position. “I’m probably not going to listen, but I can definitely respect that you don’t want to talk about it. Thing is,” he continues, crossing his ankles in the air and ruining Steve’s attempt before he can even finish erasing the first, “I also respect Toni. I’m starting to wonder if you do.”
He frowns, eyebrows twitching, as the memory tries to slip away from him, stinging him with pain like a static shock in warning that maybe he really doesn’t want to know what it contains. He chases after it, determined to catch it before it becomes a ghost file, because he has a feeling it has the answers he needs.
“Hi there!” Toni chirps as she straightens up, and the warm-up whine of her repulsor ports underscore the guitars as they cut dead. “I’m Iron Maiden. You may have heard of me. You have something that belongs to me. And I’m here to take it back.”
Steve smiles back, lowering his hand from his eyes, and there’s something soft in his expression. “Ms. Stark,” he replies, just as grave and respectful. He reaches out and runs his bare fingertips over the additions she made to the paint design. “These are new,” he says, tracing the lines of the white star on her left pectoral plate and then the red star on her right.
Clint snorts derisively, sticks a hand out sideways to Bucky. “I don’t think we’ve met properly, Sergeant Barnes. I’m Clint Barton, codename Hawkeye. I’m arguably the world’s best marksman, I never miss my shots, and I’m genetically incapable of shutting up.”
Her response is to slap him a glancing blow up the back of his skull. It’s not painful, because Carol simply doesn’t have the strength to hurt him, but it’s startling enough that he says
“I understand. You’ve been holding all that for awhile. Go on, соколик. I’ll be in our room when you’re done.”
“Yes.” He cleared his throat and smiled ruefully. “I’m sure my negotiations with Sindri will suffer my abrupt departure of Myrkheim, but even a king may have a family matter that must take precedence.” He paused. “Does she know?”
Carol grins cheekily and tosses a kernel of popcorn in the air, catching it in her mouth. “You’re only saying that because you lost.”
that ends the video, Clint reaches out and ejects the thumb drive from Carol’s laptop, rattles it in his hand with an expression so neutral and unreadable, it might have been carved from stone.
“Enjoy your flight, ma’am,” JARVIS replies, as though he's not going to be with her every step of the way.
“Then please accept my sincere apologies, Ms. Potts,” he says. “Next time, I’ll make it a point to stop in and say hello before I leave the building.”
“Shampoo, actually.” She smiles, steps left and starts to circle as Steve turns with her. They’ve agreed she can get a few hits in so Steve can judge her ability before he starts doing anything but blocking or redirecting. That’s the verbal, out-in-the-open reason, anyway. But she knows just as well as Steve does that if he comes at her first, she’s likely to freak and that just sets everything they’ve managed to accomplish back to zero.
bed, he thinks -- and let it tell him that the person beside him is not a threat, not a danger, not a target.
There’s a slight hesitation, no more than a nanosecond. Anyone else would miss it. Not Toni. She’s hyperaware of every time JARVIS pauses, stutters, or skips. “Yes, ma’am.”
“What?! No! That’s not what I meant!” Eyes wide, Toni throws herself right as the drone screams through the space she just occupied. Her followup repulsor shot is almost perfunctory, and the drone explodes in a satisfying shower of shrapnel. “JARVIS,” she says, low and dangerous, “I’m going to install you on a Speak ‘n’ Spell.”
The Asset stares at his handler, hands loose in his lap, frozen into dormant sitting by one of the command words programmed into him. Unease crawling along his shoulder blades, but he can’t make himself stand up, fight his way out, go back to the girl in the party dress with the wicked knife and acrobatic fighting spirit and figure out why she haunts his frozen dreams. Ask her why she dances with a tiny blond kid who turns into a broad-shouldered soldier in his mind.
He’s not pissed enough to stomp out in a tantrum, to tell her to stick it up her ass. But he’s pissed enough that the chair isn’t scaring the fuck out of him anymore.
This chapter is a bit of a departure from the style I've been writing in so far this fic. For one, the timeline is played straight: it starts the morning after the end of Ch 5, and goes on for about five weeks of time-crunching. There are no flashbacks in this. It's also told completely written from Bucky's POV.
The four drones fall into formation and begin an attack pattern, strafing her flight path in front and behind her position. She brakes hard, feeling g-force press on her body, but pleased to note it’s not nearly as strong as it should be. The armor drops like a stone, falling a hundred feet before she turns her boot jets back on and arrows back out over the water at a steep angle of ascent.
The fourth man in the back, Toni knows, is Jasper fucking Sitwell. Her vision whites over, teeth clench, time goes blurry and--
A frayed nerve snaps. "I need someone to handle me right now, Phil!" she yells, "Because I cannot fucking handle myself! I trust you to call it! You bring my people home to me all the fucking time! Right now? I need you to bring
He laughs and unlocks his ankles, propping himself over her chest on his elbows. Toni’s heels hit the mat and she groans softly in relief as her circulatory system unknots itself. “I’ll show you how to break it tomorrow,” he says. “I’m going to schedule some time on a range too, walk you through shooting lessons. Maybe some knife throwing. You’ve got the reflexes for it.”
The world is changing. This is only the beginning. Best get ahead of it, before it’s too late. “Would you ask Agents Barton and Romanoff to join me, please?”
She collapses onto the couch. “Three hours, J. Mute until then.” She closes her eyes, hopes she can actually sleep for three hours. Isn’t banking on it though. She’s sure the nightmares will wake her up long before JARVIS’s alarm does.
“Yeah.” He inhales through his nose. Lets it out with a small, tight smile, turns eyes just a little too blue, a little too wild towards Bucky. Ferocity boils just beneath their surface, strange and unnerving. “Just all kind of.... hitting me at once. You and me and...” He nods towards Toni. “
“Yeah,” he murmurs, and if he feels a tiny bit of smug satisfaction that he got to punch Clint after all, well. He’s only human. “Yeah, I’m with you, sweetheart.”
Toni slinks back into the elevator, punches the floor her workshop is on, fetches a hand trolley and loads up the three heavy trunks sitting by the wall just inside the door. She should have remembered who she was dealing with. Bribery is never just an option, it’s a valid fucking negotiation tactic.
Tony falls into bed cursing himself for developing morals and ethics instead of having an appropriately outrageous midlife crisis like any other self-respecting playboy, and dreams of photo albums filled with blank photos all night.
“I have terrible influences in my life,” he replies, mild as milk, and straightens. “Terrible, thoroughly corruptive influences. Not that I’m complaining, mind.”
would like you to build us a proper body when you recover from your no-doubt life-threatening injuries,” JARVIS says, and his voice is clipped in that way that Toni knows means he’s thoroughly pissed, “so we may attempt to shake some self-preservation instinct into your head.
It registers long before he’s awake, and he thrashes to consciousness in blind panic. His hands sweep, and sweep, catching on tubes and wires as he kicks against the thing choking and tangling around him. His arms twinge, tape rips off, sharp pain in his elbow and wrist and the back of his hand.
“I know you don’t pay attention to the world around you, Toni,” James says, “but you’re getting shot at.”
Natasha’s eyes flick between Toni’s for a moment, and Steve takes a step towards them, because they both look so heartbroken behind their masks he feels like he has to do
“That would be lovely, Agent,” Toni says, going over the code one more time, triple- and quadruple-checking her triple- and quadruple-checks and still finding no errors. “You wouldn’t believe how hard it is to find a good cleaning service who’ll mop up intestines and move bodies with no questions asked. J, progress?”
enjoy it.” The click of the door as she shuts it is firm and authoritative and scarier than the sound of a shotgun shell chambering.
The Winter Soldier’s eyes drop to her chest, where her arc reactor glows softly, bracketed on either side by a star. One red and silver, one white and blue. Hesitantly, his natural hand reaches out to ghost over her collarbone, rest on the red star. She shivers. He’s barely touching at first, but gradually presses more firmly. Instinct makes her reach her own out, slide her palm against his skin, covering the blue circle with its white hollow triangle.
It takes a minute, because Bucky doesn't have Toni's smarts, but he's certainly not all that slow on the uptake. His eyes widen a little as it dawns on him. “Uh, thanks then, J. I like you too.”
that’s it for him. He raggedly grinds into her, a series of pulses that jolt his whole body, kissing her desperately as everything goes staticky and bright.
Bucky reaches for the paperwork slowly, still bewildered. It’s a form, with the Avengers logo at the top, and in big block letters just underneath it, “Notice of Soulbond Leave of Absence”.  All of the pertinent information has been filled out, except for the date and the signature line.  “But..”
She chances a move into the hallway, creeping along the concrete floor with her back to the wall and her knife reversed along her forearm. All she can hear is dripping water, and a scuffling scurry that is more likely rats than it is masked men. She isn’t even sure she’s going the right way, but she isn’t going to sit there in a cold room and wait for someone to save her.
The pencil creaks as his fingers tighten on it, and with effort, he relaxes his grip. He’s broken too many pencils lately, and he likes this one. “Thank you for your advice,” he says as neutrally as he can, but winces a little at how sharp it sounds to his own ears.
Her eyes are wide, and he can feel her heart hammering beside his palm, and she goes still under him, very still. “James,” she says, deliberate and clear, though it’s strangled and harsh. Her throat spasms under his fingers. “You’re safe. You know me. What’s my name?”
“Thank you JARVIS, that will be all,” she says firmly. She can feel his disapproval in the silence he leaves behind. JARVIS does more with pointed silences than most can do with an entire speech.
“That’s the tricky part, Carol,” he says with a sigh, “because it requires you to trust me and my shiny new Phoenix-like abilities. Right now, there’s a Cosmic Cube-powered little girl who thinks Hydra is the greatest thing since sliced bread, and you don’t have anything up your sleeve that can
Toni smirks, hooks a thumb into the neck of her t-shirt, pulls it down to spill out the blue glow of the arc reactor, flash a little of the twisting scar tissue marring her chest. “My physical therapist told me I’d never do hands-on prototype design again. Fuck what your therapist says. I wanna know what you think.”
He sighs, squeezes his eyes closed briefly, and forces his shoulders to relax. “I’m sorry, Nat,” he says with another heavy sigh. “I didn’t mean to snap at you.”
Rhodey just gives her a bland grin. “Not at all, Ms. Stark,” he says. “It’s just that Mr. Barton threatened to sink arrows into my testicles if, and I quote, ‘you don’t stick to her closer than a hemorrhoid, Jimbo’. Mr. Barton seemed quite serious in his threat, and I have to protect my future children.”
The scent of gun oil and, crazily, vanilla shampoo hits her nose, and it opens her lungs wider than menthol would have, and she sucks in a desperate, deep breath despite the agony in her ribs. “You’re not alone, dumbass,” another voice says with a warmth she’s only heard in her dreams. “You’re never alone. We’re here.”
“Yeah,” he gets out between wracking guffaws. “Don’t they teach you anything in secret agent asshole school? Seriously, lesson one should be
The window balloons up to nearly life-size. Steve, with the shield, frozen in mid-leap, his face a rictus of hate, jumping at Iron Maiden, who has her hands up and is falling backwards.
“He suggested I schedule an appointment and ask pretty please.” Coulson looks amused, for some reason. “This is our appointment. Pretty please?”
“Occam’s Razor,” Tony murmurs, though not without some sympathy. “When you remove the impossible, whatever’s left, no matter how improbable, has to be the truth.”
rationale, “when Extremis neutralized the Phoenix infection, it created antibodies against it which have the nifty side effect of mimicking the abilities the Phoenix gives its hosts. Which you would know, if you’d done the suggested reading.”
, is practically standing over me with a whip to complete the parts that everyone, including her,  has been waiting for since chapter 6. It's mostly done, needs fine-tuning, mostly.
early as 7, mind, but still pretty young. We knew we were gonna share a soulmate. Didn’t have a fuckin’ clue why we were
Bucky eyes Steve, sees the set of his jaw, the defiant jut forward, the stubborn frown. Knows Steve’s not going to let it go, no matter how much he probably doesn’t need the laundry list of how fucked-up Toni is. “Broken shoulder, broken clavicle,” he says, and watches every word punch Steve in the teeth. “Broken ankle. Concussion. Her right hand is a mess. Almost every bone is broken in a couple of places. I lost track of the bruises. Probably a couple of cracked ribs. Couple of deep cuts. Lots of little ones. She lost some blood.”
She’s always been good at making leaps of intuition and logic that others can’t follow. This one isn’t exactly hard to connect. SHIELD’s been keeping her busy, keeping her distracted, so they can go after James.
He sighs faintly and shakes his head, runs both hands through his hair restlessly. He knows that person has to be Steve, because it’s always been Steve. Even when they found themselves on opposite sides of an argument, he could never really doubt that Steve knew what he was doing, and was doing it according to his Boy Scout code of honor, for the right reasons.
“You’re a brat, kid.” Toni smiles fondly, then grins in vicious triumph when the last of the checks shade green. “Alright, time to take this baby out for a spin.”
She grins as something flutters in her chest, wide and manic, and starts to laugh. She can sense it now, that strained, weak and faint pulse that sits to the right of her arc reactor, marked by a star as red as blood. It’s steady and it’s strong. It’s waking up and singing electric melodies. This is it. End of the line. “I’m feeling ridiculously
Toni blasts them, full strength. Reaches down, snaps the poles, lifts James by the ropes around his chest, tucks him against her side and locks the elbow joint to keep him securely in place. Feels the frantic, maddening itch behind her eyes, the one calling for blood and death, ebb a little.
Bucky’s breath hitches, because Steve’s other arm is circling his ribs, hand settling around his hip. It’s been so long, too long, since he’d had
“It appears as though there was a malfunction in one of the lateral vent panels, ma’am, resulting in an improper seal which allowed a minute amount of unfiltered air to enter the armor. That error has now been corrected. The scrubbers should clear any lingering trace momentarily.”
Her breath hitches, and her hands go still in his hair. “S’okay, James. We all have really shitty days. I forgive you.” Her voice has dropped a few notes down the octave, comes out husky.
Rumlow is still at the edge of the roof, watching the tower through his binocs. “They all just went inside, Captain,” he says. “Whatever party they were having, it’s over now.”
It takes him three breaths to register that he’s not dead. He cautiously cracks open an eye, takes a couple of quick, experimental breaths, but if he’s not breathing nitrogen-oxygen, his body certainly doesn’t seem to understand he should be flopping like a fish on the beach, dying of suffocation.
He drops to the floor with his nose spurting blood, moaning, until she shuts him up with a heel to the temple. She stands over him for another moment, catching her breath and trying to keep the adrenaline rush from shaking her apart. “J, what's going on?"
It’s no less disturbing a speech the millionth time he’s heard it, but Tony’s barely been paying attention. All of his focus is on Carol’s face, watching her reactions as her expression shifts from skeptical to disbelieving and straight into horrified, where it stays for the duration of the stitched-together clips of Kobik hovering over Tony's coma pod, Steve's frequent visits, the final damning monologue.
Messages await him when he begrudgingly crawls out of bed long enough to glare at the bright sunshine outside his blinds and pour coffee down his throat. He thumbs through them idly as he waits for his smoothie to finish processing, then forgets about his smoothie entirely when a new message arrives from Steve.
“You’re only cranky because you’re in heels,” Rhodey says as he escorts her down the walkway towards the waiting cars. “Everything will be okay once you get back into sneakers.”
The footsteps that rush up to him echo in his head. A blurred-out figure kneels beside him, he can’t tell if they’re male or female. Hands reach out. A voice says, from five miles under water, “We’ve got you, Captain Rogers. You’re safe now.”
“I think I’m in love,” Bucky says reverently, and looks at the spread laid out on the bench in front of him. “Toni, Jesus. I’m leaving you. I just found the love of my life.” He slides his hand around the stock of what looks to be a Dragunov rifle, if the Dragunov had a sleek, sexy little sister that was ounces lighter, better balanced and shot lasers instead of bullets.
She shudders hard against him with a thready little moan. Her head tips away, hair cascading over her shoulder, presenting him with the lines of her neck and throat. He stares at her skin for a long moment, fascinated by the pulse jumping just under her jaw, then squeezes his eyes shut and swears savagely in Russian. He sucks in a long, shuddering breath and presses his forehead to hers, tightening his hold on her waist.
to catch his breath. “I asked her to check a mechanical problem I was having with Lola,” he says. “She got a chance to tinker with her father’s tech, I got a chance to talk without interruption. Win win for both of us.”
“Love you too,” she replies softly, and the connection cuts. With a too-loud groan of too-much effort, she forces herself back to her feet, wobbles until she finds her balance. “JARVIS, status?”
she admits quietly, and her hands are shaking as she reaches out to clasp Toni’s shoulders. “Please, don’t go. Don’t leave us. I didn’t think I could ever find someone like Clint, and to realize that he is with someone like you… I would count myself very fortunate if you stayed with us, because we are all better with each other than we ever will be alone.”
Toni is getting ready to leave for the office again, fourth day in a row, but is dragging her ass like she usually does. She’s just hit the half hour mark in her endless, epithet-laden bitch-session about SHIELD and their incessant need to make sure every single line of every single page of every single contract is read over and understood. Bucky doesn’t understand half of what she’s complaining about, and honestly never wants to know, because even just listening to her rant makes his eyes glass over and his brain shut down. But he knows now that she doesn’t need him to understand, she just needs him to listen and make sympathetic noises at the appropriate places.
It’s stone cold, but it doesn’t have an underscore of spoil like a few rescued cups she’s blindly gulped in the past, so Toni doesn’t even blink. Well, maybe she does, because one minute, the progress bar is hovering around 47%, and the next thing she knows, there’s a loud chime that jolts her so badly her head slips off her palm and cracks into the edge of her desk.
. We began defrosting his body, with the intention of burying him in Arlington. The process took three weeks, in order to preserve the tissues and organs. Only when the ice thawed, Rogers’ heart started beating. He’s been comatose ever since, in secure SHIELD medical facilities.”
“Do try, ma’am. I should hate to end up donated to MIT, as you threatened to do in your last update to your will.”
“Very well, ma’am.” JARVIS sounds pleased, the little bastard, and inside the helmet, Clint’s picture flashes on the damaged HUD as the connection goes through.
“Three in your shoulder,” Helen says. “Two in your ankle. Four in your chest. One for each rib your fractured. Three free-moving colonies in your bloodstream seeking infections and repairing circulatory damage.” She pauses, then adds, “Six in your right hand and wrist.”
There’s a heavy tread at the entrance of the office, too heavy to be Clint. The reek of fresh cigar smoke assaults her nose, and opens her eyes. Obadiah is walking towards the desk, burning cigar held negligently in his right hand. “Didn’t expect to find you here, Toni,” he says. There’s something in his smile that reminds Toni of her formless nightmares of the drowning dark, dangerous and deadly and hungry. “Trying out the big seat, huh?”
“Don’t be an ass, kid. I can still ground you.” She scrubs shampoo into her scalp. “Or sell you to Gates,” she says thoughtfully. “What’s the status on Mark VIII specs, J?”
He complies. Ignores the strident voice in his mind. Ignores the shred of self he has left, screaming and rattling the bars of his mental prison.
He slouches back on his chair with a steaming cup of coffee, staring darkly and balefully at Clint, who is sitting on the other end of the row with one foot resting on the rail in front of him, ignoring Bucky like a champ in favor of keeping an eye on Dr. Cho’s preparations in the laboratory below. Bucky finds himself reaching for a knife he no longer carries everywhere, has to remind himself that Toni will be very upset if she comes to and Clint’s head is missing.
“Deal with the Captain, Stark,” Magneto replies unexpectedly. Tony’s eyes flick to where he’s currently stripping thin plates from the bulkheads and sending them sliding left and right to block agents from creeping up behind a busy Thor and an equally busy Kamala Khan. “I may not be a cosmic entity, but I am more than capable of handling an unruly child.”
As Rhodey leaves, Bucky glances at the others, all staring at him with expectant faces. He scrawls something that might be his name across the bottom. “Call me if shit happens,” he says.
“You can’t have him back,” Steve spits, and cruelty paints his face in garish lines as he seizes Tony’s wrists with a grip hard enough to hurt. “Your Steve is gone, Stark. I’m all that’s left.”
Deja vu washes over her, and she recalls a very similar scene in a very similar room two months prior. Only Bucky never looked at her with hatred, just emptiness.
By the time the hum of the cradle shuts off, Toni’s sitting up and drinking her second bottle of Helen Cho’s nutrient-bomb concoction, which she is told contains about five times the daily recommended intake of all nutrients and proteins. It’s thick and green and tastes like it was brewed in Toni’s workshop mini-fridge, the one with the semi-sentient Chinese takeout. But she drinks them, because the first bottle takes the edge off the hunger, and the second reduces it down from starvation pangs to a feeling of
She can feel them both, solid and real and strong, wrapped in distinct presences around her mind. Bucky, raging and cold, Steve, stalwart and steady. A whisper of herself, bright and hot. Balanced and counterbalanced, blurred at the edges and melding into each other, so it's hard to say where one ends and the next begins.
“Ma’am, if I may suggest, returning to your workshop would be the optimal route, as the diagnostic software in the Tower’s mainframe is far superior to the basic suite installed on the suit.” JARVIS is exceedingly polite and even sounds like he’s doing his very best to be the most helpful, but Toni coded and compiled and brought him to life. She knows his tricks better than anyone.
Toni screws up her face, nose wrinkled and forehead furrowed. “I sat in on a metaphysics class while I was waiting for my neuroengineering thesis advisor to finish up with that Hammer jackass,” she says. “They were talking about soulmates and soulmarks, and how fucking
Suddenly, he’s angry. Not the out-of-control, reckless anger of last week, not the fight-or-die rage from yesterday’s assault. This is deep and smouldering and completely in his control. “Yeah, alright,” he says. “But this conversation ain’t done. Sooner or later, you’re going to run out of shit to do for other people, and you’re going to have to do something for yourself for a change.”
Phil has come ready for a lengthy stay in the waiting room, even gone through the trouble of renaming his current guilty-pleasure reading project from
he’s not misreading the pointed look Clint shoots at his groin, and the vein throbs just a little faster. “--you’d love to get her--”
“I sent him to take a shower. He smelled like the swamp. Clint is digging him out clothes that aren't covered in the blood of his enemies. He refused to go anywhere until I told him you were waking up, and you wouldn't appreciate a filthy man hovering over you. Then he was more than agreeable about bathing.”
needed it, it’s the two idiots he’s attached to by the soul. He just wishes — has wished more than once over the last week — that he went with them instead of staying behind to hold down the fort.
“I’m fucking rich. I can hire an exterminator that can take out an assassin,” she snaps, and glances over to him. “Ooh, is that mine? Jesus, you’re too good to me. Thank you, honey.” And she reaches out, intercepts his arm in mid-extension…
Even with gods on speed dial, he's never been religious, but he's a mouse before a lion right now, and he finds himself praying as he starts the firing sequence. Risk assessment and threat calculations are laughably impossible, but he tries to make them anyway, force of habit, ingrained behaviour. The Phoenixbuster fires, and Tony is blinded momentarily by the brilliance of the flare.
“Peggy,” he says, staring at the snow and ice stretching as far as the eye can see around him,  and feels the rightness of it settle along his tired limbs and heavy soul, “this is my choice.”
The shield smashes into the bottom of her boot, and the jet goes dead. She loses control, crashes into the wall, through the wall, smashes through furniture and then through another wall, sliding to a stop on her back in another hallway, coughing and dazed. She sends an unaimed shot through the holes she made, and they angle off the shine of his shield. His heel crunches down on her working repulsor, and then it’s not working anymore.
She swallows hard, pushes through the red haze hovering over her thoughts. It’s harder than it should be. “J, define soulbond psychosis for me.”
“I’m going to try and cut out early today,” she says, gulping coffee and seeming to not even notice the amazing, wonderful thing she just did. “See if I can’t get home in time to have dinner with you, at least. Celebrate.”
Toni opens her eyes and, perhaps for the first time in her life, her mind is quiet but clear. She’s perfectly aware of her surroundings, but content to just be instead of swirling with forming thoughts and epiphanies. And for perhaps for the first time in her life, there’s no urgency to get up and do something, no driving desire to stand and move, no need to scribble down fleeting ideas before they pass through her grasp.
She’s pretty sure it’s worse than the smell when she opens the mini-fridge in her workshop, which holds leftover Chinese so old it’s due to gain self-awareness any day now.
She reels backwards, crying out in shock as the faceplate dents inwards, cracking her uncomfortably in the teeth. The taste of blood floods her mouth, and she feels at her lip automatically with the tip of her tongue, finding a split.
It’s a measure of how strange Steve’s life has become that he doesn’t ask any questions. He just does as she asks, and the blue lines suddenly bloom incandescent along the leather, bright and bold. Across the room, Toni lightly tosses the shield into the air as it starts to spin. It pinwheels for a moment, then shoots towards Steve like it ricocheted off a wall.
“I have to,” Toni says, stops, squeezes her eyes shut and swallows hard. But there’s nothing in her tone to indicate how haunted and desolate her face shows she truly is. “I knew it was always a matter of time before he found you. He has your mark, you have his, and there’s no claim greater than that.” She turns with a smile that looks real but isn’t, and gently lays her free hand on Natasha’s shoulder. “It’s fine, Tash,” she says gently. “You’re good for him. He’s good for you. You deserve each other, and you deserve some privacy. All I want is for you both to be happy and safe. I promise, it’s okay. I’ve got things to take care of in New York anyway.”
So he takes a deep breath, steels himself, reaches down into the well of instinct so recently acquired and pulls up the telepathy he now knows with dead certainty is there, waiting to be called on.
Tony eyes the pile of drives, eyes them, eyes the drives again. “So you have,” he says, and uses a finger to stir the various sized drives, eyeing them critically. “Do me another favor and go raid Stark Enterprises while you’re at it. I need better gear than Clint’s sorry-ass laptop if I’m going to do anything with this.”
She loses track of time in the swing of the hammer and the shaping of the blade, but her thoughts are clear. She knows where she is, who she is, what she’s doing.
“Of fucking course not,” she mutters, and lifts her hands to pull at the seals of her flight suit. Blessedly, there are seals on both sides, meaning she can just drag the material down and let gravity do the work. She peels back the skintight fabric all the way to her waist, exposing her scarred chest, modesty preserved by a sports bra. “Take a goddamn good look,” she says, and her hands fall back into her lap.
“Sad but true.” He drops a kiss on the back of her neck and then manhandles her off his lap. “Go get some coffee. Coulson wants a meeting around ten, and Bucky’s looking pretty pathetic and lopsided with only one arm working, so I know you’ve got a busy day ahead.”
Now, to check and see if the voice-operated interface is performing like it should. “Good morning, unit,” she says. “User ID: antoniastark, password: doublestar1980. Run protocol info-dot-exe and accept all updates.”
Toni taps at her StarkPad, wishing she had the time to get around to miniaturizing the holo screens, because as smooth and nigh-instantaneous as the apps are getting, she really hates bending over a haptic lap screen. Even with the stylus, it’s slower than she’s used to, and she has to restrain herself more. No big gestures and flinging things all over the room, spreading them out in some semblance of order that makes sense to her, if no one else. She has to flip between apps, scroll like a normal person. She knows she’s terribly spoiled by her holotechnology, but this is
“Yeah, yeah. Funny for you, frustrating for me. What are you doing here, besides cockblocking the shit out of my sex life?” She struggles back to her feet, unlocking muscles the scare tightened into what feels like cement. Gently, slowly touches Bucky’s back, presses a line up his spine, silently coaxing him to relax.
“Seventy years, Stevie,” he says, and his voice cracks. “Seventy fuckin' years, and your dumb punk ass is still dragging me into the middle of fights you got no business picking.”
Steve replies, his voice innocent in the way that always means he’s being devious and knows he’ll get away with it.
She tilts her head back to rest on his forearm, looking up at him. His forehead is pinched, furrowed, and she raises a hand to smooth the lines away with her fingers. “I’m okay,” she says quietly.
She doesn’t miss how Obadiah relaxes at that, but she pretends not to notice. The subject changes rather quickly. He moves to the wet bar, opens the brandy, fetches himself a glass. “How’re you and, what’s his name, Clint getting along?” he asks as ice cubes clink into the glass.
Just for a moment, he wavers, feels the crushing blue press tight around him. Because it’s an impossible task, to find Steve, to free him from this trap. Almost, he gives in. But he doesn’t, because he’s already seen the fatal flaw in Kobik’s web, already decided how he’s going to win this fight.
“--isn’t really your problem right now.” Bucky reaches out to smooth back her hair from her face. “Yeah, he’s got your mark, but that’s it. Right now, he’s got no hold on you. If I’ve got my etiquette correct, you need to talk to him about this as much as you need to talk to some guy you saw at the gym. I’ll talk to him. You just go...be happy, get some sleep and I’ll see you in the morning.”
“I’m a simple fella, Toni. I believe marks appear for a reason.” He sighs, turns his head to face her, and covers her hand with his where it rests on his chest. “We’ve been avoiding talking about what happened. I think we need to get to that conversation, or we’ll be stalled like this forever.”
The only thing that makes it possible, he thinks as the flames die away and his jeans and tee return from the aether, is that he knows in his heart it's what Rhodey would tell him to do.
He can only imagine all the shit they’ve been through. All the ways they’ve fucked. He’s seen them cuddling on the couch, seen them give those intimate fucking looks to each other. It eats at him, gnaws at him, deep down in his gut. It takes everything he has not to go find Clint and punch him bloody.
Steve turns those eyes on him, sparkling and happy, and usually that's been enough to make him melt a little on the inside, but all it does now is ramp up the anxious dread, send it thrumming through his nerves and into his bones.
Jemma’s forehead creases in thought, an expression he finds particularly endearing. “I should be able to eat lunch with you, Fitz,” she says slowly, “if we eat at one, and stay in the building.” She gives him another apologetic smile, and frees a hand to reach for her tablet. “I’m terribly sorry, darling, but I have very narrow windows today. Let me double-check that.”
His mouth is dry. His higher thought processes are sliding away, because he’s had a lot of time over the last few weeks to think about what it would be like to have his arms full of a squirming Toni, but somehow, reality trumps everything. He fumbles for words and manages to find them. “What do you want, Toni?”
“None at all, Commander.” The agent, whose name he doesn’t know, hands him a tablet brimming with information. “We scanned everywhere, using everything we could. Nothing whatsoever matches the signature of the Phoenix Force on that scale. There are plenty of minor signatures, but we’ve known about those since mutants started popping up again.”
Today is the day she gets to tell the board of directors to go fuck themselves, because she doesn’t have to whine and beg and plead with them to stop obstructing her. To look at the fucking designs, the market projections, the goddamn numbers. Today is the day that she doesn’t have to be hard and ruthless and ball-breaking to a bunch of white, rich old fucks who take her bust size, multiply it by her age, and subtract that number it from her IQ.
“She had no driving reason to just jump in, steady you, keep me from going off my fucking nut. She just did it, because she loves me. Because I needed it. Because she has my fucking back. And now, she’d do the same for you. Cos she loves you. That goddamn arrogant, crazy woman has a heart of fucking gold, but nobody gets to see it because if they did, they’d try to rip it out of her fucking ribcage.”
“Oh hell yeah, I’m in,” says Carol immediately, and her eyes are pure excitement. “Where’s the pen? I’ll sign right now. Protection detail, investigation services, busting heads, whatever’s needed.”
technology. He’s lived some of it, he thinks, the time travel and being frozen in time and becoming superhuman and unearthly objects with incredible power. But living it doesn’t make it any easier to accept.
“Oh goodie,” she says, and her voice is only a little raspy. “I get to be awake for the really good parts. Sometimes, Helen, I think you’re a closet sadist.” She closes her eyes and settles back against the biobed. “How many colonies did you inject?”
It’d be nice if it were easy to shrug off Pepper’s little chat, but something about those words are sticking in her head, ringing around with a hundred other miniature truths Pepper’s spoken over the years. It’s pretty clear that Pepper thinks she has a death wish. Toni doesn’t think she does, because she has no intention of dying until she’s old and grey and has conquered the world through technological superiority, but Pepper’s rarely wrong about something as huge as that.
Learns, surprisingly, after more than a month of doing nothing but adapting to this family unit, that he likes them. He likes them quite a lot.
“Nah,” she says, and threads her fingers through his hair, and he has to resist the urge to purr like a goddamn cat. “Sooner or later, you’re going to realize that I got the better end of that deal. Too bad, though. I’ve only got a master’s degree in metaphysics, but in my limited understanding, these soul bonds are for life, so you’re stuck with what you got, I’m afraid.”
“We gotta go back tomorrow,” Bucky says, dropping an arm over Toni’s shoulders as he joins her at the window overlooking the glittering blue of the Pacific. She turns a brief grin up to him, shifting her coffee cup between her hands and sliding an arm to snug around his waist. Something deep and primal settles into his chest at the light touch of her hair as she rests her head against him, and for a moment, he has to fight with himself to not weep as it swells and rolls around his rib cage.
“Sure thing, boss,” Clint says easily, and glances sideways with another smirk at Tony, tipping two fingers in his direction.
“I’m fine,” he lies through gritted teeth. She just sits there, hands on her knees, and arches an eyebrow at him. “I’ll be fine,” he says. Her other eyebrow goes up, joins the first, expressing whole sentences of disbelief expressed in a single, delicate twitch. “I’ll be
Toni takes a moment to think, gives herself cover by yawning and stretching and scratching through her scalp with both hands. “I’m always looking for good pilots,” she says off-handedly. “Well, good
It's always been about safety and happiness, and there is an alarmingly exponential downward trend of both in Toni's life. A snowball that keeps rolling until it's a fucking avalanche burying her alive, that he has to stand watch happen until she calls for his help. And most of the time, it's fine. He's happy to jump in when she needs. But he can't stand back and watch, not this time. No more. He has limits too.
“You’re feisty today,” Bucky says, smiling wickedly down at her as he slides his other arm to link his hands behind the small of her back.
“Right. Sorry.” The smirk is back, but it’s weirdly reassuring. “I’m done, I swear. Quiet as a church mouse. Cross my heart, if I didn’t think shifting position again wouldn’t pop that vein above your right eye.”
Below him, the two Hawkeyes are pulling their bows, already scanning for hostiles, and Carol is tense but uncertain. The rest are milling, disgruntled and impatient, but now he knows what he’s looking for. His blast, blue fire from his palm the same way he’d fire a repulsor, is a split second ahead of Clint’s arrow, and he’s not sure if Clint saw what Tony did, or if he just reacted with trust in Tony’s judgement. Either way, Tony feels a surge of vindication swell tight and hot through him as Kobik squeaks, flickering into sight as she dodges both arrow and firebolt.
He’s watching her steadily. His eyes are still empty, but there’s something deep inside, some spark that flickers and gutters and brightens and dims. “Your name is Toni,” he rasps suddenly, and his arms shift under her knees.
His fist sinks into the heavy bag, denting the thick leather around his knuckles and rocking the whole rig with an alarming creak. Steve ignores it and hits it again, with his other hand, with the same result. It’s easy to be angry with himself. He’s been running everything he remembers of his time at the Hydra labs through his head for the past hour, near-perfect recall not his friend in this, analyzing every word spoken, every tone used, every nuance he can pull meaning from.
Carter’s not looking at her, staring at the pair of DSMR cards in her gloved palm. “Sir, what do you mean, you never authorized an op? Sitwell had the paperw--” Her mouth snaps shut, and she goes sheet-white. “Yes, sir,” she says, very quietly. “Yes, si-
The first time he opens his eyes, everything is wrong. It’s too bright, too clean, too sleek and shiny. It smells wrong, it sounds wrong, the air is too cold on his skin, the sheets too smooth. There are distant voices murmuring, squeaking shoes on linoleum, steady soft beeping. None of it is right. It’s all
“May as well.” She closes her eyes, allowing herself a sigh of relief. Strix is an older model, still deadly but packing nowhere near the firepower of the Jericho model. Small miracles. She’ll take it.
Fennhoff shrugs. “More time would be appreciated, of course, to allow the process to root deeper in his psyche, but I believe the asset is ready to take on short-term, supervised missions.”
She’s fixing her hoop earrings in her ears, wiggling everything into place in the cramped confines of the back seat when the car slows down. She glances up, meets the driver’s eyes in the rearview mirror, and apprehension crawls down her spine. He looks
“You can talk to me,” he says softly. “I’m not going to run back to your father to tattle. He might expect me to do that, but fuck him, Toni. You’re my best friend, as weird and crabby and big a pain in my ass as you are. He doesn’t get shit from me unless you want him to.”
“Manor systems rebooted, ma’am,” JARVIS says from the speakers embedded in the ceiling. “Performing diagnostics now. Estimated completion of diagnostics, twelve minutes.”
He’s also never seen so many soulmarks in his life. Even serving in the War, with all the casual nudity that came with it, he never did more than catch a glimpse of the Howling Commando’s marks. It’s a different time and a different age, and the morality of soulbonds has evolved, and he knows that. But in his day, soulmarks were a private thing, to be shared only with one’s bondpartners. Baring his chest for Project Rebirth, with one blended soulmark and one unblended, had been the hardest part of the whole process. Seeing so many symbols, blended and unblended, on display, is a little uncomfortable and vaguely pornographic.
Coulson’s return smile is amicable. “You don’t need to play those games, Toni. They’re far more loyal to you than they are to me. I’m just the guy who tells them where to go and what to do. You’re their family.” He pauses. “Carter passed on your message,” he says. “Hawkeye and Black Widow are on mission in Bolivia, but I am working on getting them extracted and brought home. I give you my word on that.”
. Ignore the pressure in her chest, ignore that she can’t breathe, ignore spots dancing in her vision.
The faceplate snaps down, boots fire. It’s not smooth flight, but missing one repulsor won’t throw her off too badly. “Mine,” she says, hovering in front of him. “We’re going work off some aggressions.” His mouth curves upwards, she tips him a salute, and blows through the parked van, scattering the half dozen hostiles from their cover. The first agent she punches feels like catharsis. The second is better than therapy. The third, now
Mama,” Toni says quietly, letting her mother’s fingers stroke through her hair and dry her eyes. She doesn’t understand how two stupid stars that are cold, like an ice cube on her skin that never melts – a white star edged in blue on her left, in the soft place between her shoulder and her collar bone, a red star edged in silver in the same place on her right – are a weakness for enemies to exploit, but she trusts Mama. One day, she’ll understand.)
He dreams of voices and hands, harsh commands and wheeled gurneys. Dreams of hallways and stone-faced men dressed in black. Dreams of the prick of a needle in his neck, dreams of a man with craggy lines in his face, sandy blond hair and a politician-sharp suit leaning over him at him with a satisfied smile.
He prowls quietly through the machines, outdated by several generations of upgrades if he’s any judge, and stops in front of the Iron Maiden armor, shiny and bright and new, tilts his head up to see the smith’s mark under a solid and clean stamp of “III”. Mark 3. He’s never seen Toni in it, never seen it in anything but a display case in New York. What the fuck has Toni done with the place while they’ve been out here?
He sighs, lifts the bottle again and drains it completely without breaking eye contact. “What do you want, Colonel?”
She’s given meds that are worse than useless, long past their expiry dates, some of them degraded enough to make her sicker. The water is stagnant and filthy, and she’s having trouble keeping track of how much she’s drunk after boiling, and how much she’s drunk having forgotten to boil it.
He doesn’t try to deflect or dissemble, another refreshing trait of his she deeply appreciates. “I knocked Barnes on his ass and punched Rogers in the mouth,” he says, collected and matter-of-fact. “And told them that I’d end them if this ever happened again.”
There are arrows flying past his head, and lightning bolts and laser beams, but Tony can’t spare any attention for them either. It’s taking everything he has to keep control of the flames screaming through his body, everything to keep Steve on his knees with the cowl falling behind his head, blue fire dancing in his eyes.
Shakes his head again. Ignores the voice and bends over the pad, making notes about who should hit what entry point, what tasks they should accomplish once inside. Fills pages with alternate tactics, if circumstances change. More people, less people. Speculates about interior defense systems, which Stark Industries would not list in the public domain documents. How to respond to them.
“We don’t have to do this,” he says as Toni takes her place in front of him, and his arms drop to hang loosely at his sides. “It hasn’t been that long, Toni. We don’t have to do this right now.”
“They should be,” Natasha says, smirking as she pops a few kernels in her mouth. “Once we get a few more hard-light projectors installed around the upper levels, I’ll be instituting randomized spontaneous events. And yes, it is your popcorn.”
The voice is feminine, familiar, British. He opens his eyes, focuses past the swimming and shifting of his vision, sees brown curls and warm brown eyes, streaked with tears and rimmed with red. Her hands are shaking as they touch his face.
“They tried to call our bluff,” adds Carol, pushing the paper over to Rhodey. “They made some noise about finding new pilots if we wouldn’t play ball, but Jim reminded them that the suits legally belong to
The silence feels awkward and pointed, and Toni grins when she hears the telltale whirr of Rhodey’s fans as they start to power down a moment later.
lump just over her right ear. Glowering at the screen, (which is innocently showing nothing but green lights and confirmation her coding has no errors, Run Program Y/N?) she rights her chair and drops heavily back into it.
“Good morning, ma’am,” JARVIS replies. “It is 9:37am. The temperature is a pleasant 77 degrees Fahrenheit, and the forecast indicates a full day of sunshine, with a  mild chance of sun showers this afternoon. You have no pressing emails to answer, and your schedule remains clear, as per Ms. Potts’ orders. There are three notes flagged for your attention. Do you want to review them now?”
be dead when he comes out of it. Again, good for him, bad for Toni, so also bad for him. Staring at Clint also makes him want to kill Clint, but with his own bare hands, in hot red rage. And staring down at Toni makes him want to go find Steve and do his best to kill Captain America, for putting them in this position in the first place.
But he keeps himself still, resumes his hand motions over the screens where Steve left his medical files, using the vague awareness of where Steve is and the hazy reflection of the room’s door on the darkened viewscreen to judge his best opportunity. Bides his time and pretends everything’s normal.
The next twenty minutes are spent in silence punctuated by the occasional grunt and Clint’s corrections of her form and footwork. They finish the session with something new, as Clint declares her ready to learn more offensive moves, now that she finally understands how to fall and how to redirect incoming attackers. It’s more fun for him than it is for her, because Clint’s method of demonstrating various ways to lock down opponents involves wrapping her up in arms and feet and thighs.
“Toni,” Steve says, strange and strangled, his hands close mechanically on her shoulders, pushing her back, trying to spin her. “Turn around.”
Toni has spent a large chunk of her life making sure she avoids spending time with Morgan Stark. Her cousin, the son of one of Howard’s aunts, is shallow and vain, concerned with himself first and no one else second. He has the dark charm of the Starks, slick black hair and carefully shaped vandyke, sharp blue eyes and expensive, tailor-fit clothing, but he lacks intelligence, cleverness and any actual personality. He is, in Toni’s opinion, an utter waste of oxygen.
“I’m instituting a new personal policy. From now on, I am never going to storm the ramparts of any dungeon that doesn’t have a valet, hot towel service and a full wet bar.” Toni squeezes her eyes closed and tries to sit up. Her arms don’t tremble as much as she’s afraid they would, but she’s panting and her forehead is beading with sweat by the time she gets only halfway up. “Ow, ow, fucking
“Nah,” he says with a grin. “Less fun that way. Besides, I did you a favor. Meeting’s in like, fifteen minutes. I saved you from being walked in on by a bunch of suits and assassins.”
What bothers him more, deep down in the pit of his stomach where it’s just churning rage and a frantic, desperate need to escape, is this: if Iron Man’s a dangerous villain, if he’s broken out of ten prisons, why is he in Stark Tower in the middle of the busiest city in the world?
He shouldn’t be this grateful. Toni shouldn’t need to tiptoe around him, she shouldn’t need to do the simplest fucking things for him. “Yeah, that’d help,” he says grudgingly. “Thanks.”
“Stop moving, Toni.” Clint’s voice is edged with unhappy worry, and his fingers stroke her forehead and cheeks. “You gotta stay still. You’re pretty banged up. Go back to sleep. Better if you pass out til Dr. Cho’s here to fix you up.”
His head is reeling, brakes screeching his fury to a halt and whiplashing him from one extreme of emotion to the other. He isn’t sure what he expected when he came down here -- a shouting match, maybe. A cold
Bucky swallows hard as sanity suddenly reasserts itself, slaps him with cold, hard, sober reality. She’s sheet white, huge-eyed, tight-lipped. And he knows that he’s
Toni subvocalizes the command to disengage the stealth plating on her suit, cuts the ports in her boots, and engages the external speakers, opening chords of “Wrathchild” blasting at top volume. She drops in front of the guard, holding the fist-down pose for a moment.
Bucky sighs against her shoulder blades, forehead tucked into the back of her neck, and the arms around her waist tighten. “Do you know where you are?”
“I am not,” Tony agrees easily, squints hard at the flash of blue above Carol’s head as she makes a dash for him, and crosses his fingers that his impulse to grab whatever’s there and turn it to ash is the correct one.
“Toni.” He’s on his feet as soon as he sees her, and it’s actually painful to watch his face close off, defensive and dark, hands warding off anything she might say or do. “This wasn’t my idea, okay? I can go.”
Toni stills, staring at the hand pressed into the couch in front of her nose. She stays that way for a long, long time, wrestling with what she knows are gigantic trust issues, arguing with the ghost of her mother saying that she is to never tell anyone what marks she carries. Fighting with herself, because as much as she says soulmates are bullshit, she desperately wants to believe in the stories, but can’t because she knows that she’s never going to have any of the fairy tale.
“Bobbi Morse,” Coulson says quietly, when Toni glances at him questioningly. “One of our best undercover operatives.”
“Mass-murdering Russian operatives have no rights,” Sitwell replies calmly. “They have cold, lonely cells where they die, unlamented, after years of imprisonment.”
Toni leans back, but doesn't turn around, just keeps her eyes on the floating windows full of code. “Why not?” she replies. “Make yourself at home. Just watch where you step. My last houseguests got a bit rowdy.”
Clint’s shoulders loosen as she continues stroking his neck, but the tension in his hands and voice do not go away. “I told her to wait,” he says, pained. “I fucking
It’s Toni’s angry music that thumps down the hall at him, the stuff that’s all screaming lyrics and screeching guitars and pounding bass. It’s all noise to him, but the last time he told her that, she called him a fuddy-duddy and tried to lock him out of her lab. She tends to forget that she can’t do that to him.
She will never act on it, or at least has almost zero intention to ever act on it, but she’s gotten this far in life by making plans and having contingencies for even the remotest possibilities stored away in the back of her mind. But if it is necessary, she won’t have any compunctions like Clint would. Clint may be bound by morals and respect for self-determination, but Natasha has her own limits to how much she will tolerate. She hasn’t reached them yet, but her moral compass is far, far cloudier than her soulmate’s could ever be.
She rubs her face with the palms of her hands. “God, I really want to go, you have no fucking idea how much I just want to blow that compound the fuck off the face of the earth. But I can’t, because if I do, whoever comes home will look like me and talk like me and will probably even build shiny shit for my friends… but it won’t be me. So I stay here.”
“Which explains the telepathy and the flight without the suit and the bursting into flames, I’m sure,” Quill says, sharp and caustic. “How stupid do you think we are, Stark?”
She doesn't ask why, she doesn't make a smartass comment, she doesn't dig out a snappy one-liner. All she says is, “I'm shielded. Suit is hardened against disruption.”
Carol sighs and rolls her eyes, then puts her hands on him, spins him around by the shoulders, and gently starts pushing him towards the door. “Let’s go, Captain Rogers,” she says. “The punching bag’s done in, and you’ve got somewhere else to be.”
“Oh damn,” she breathes softly, and her eyes feel like they’re taking up half her face, they’re so wide. The aura of confidence and command he radiates is alluring, so alluring she nearly swears right then and there to follow him into the mouth of hell without stopping for
She waits, because she’s halfway to feeling sorry for him and it just feels like poor sportsmanship to blast him into next week without giving him a sporting chance. She waits for longer than she thought she would have to, and is frankly feeling a bit bad for whatever Hydra agent recruited this guuy, because he probably should have acted by now.
poker face. Toni can’t read a goddamn thing from it. “No, it’s fine, Jim,” Carol says, and the side of her mouth lifts into a smirk of her own. “It’s actually kind of refreshing for someone to not dance on eggshells around me.”
“Run a backtrace, see if you can’t figure out who else is using that channel. I mean, with my luck, it’ll lead me right to the Helicarrier.” She stops for a moment, mid-gesture, blue circles pulsing around her fingers. “Actually, that
Metal slides against metal, gears whir and lock, and Toni is completely engulfed. The Mark VIII armor, fresh off the fabricator, is her best work to date, and there’s something indescribably
“I think you've earned that much,” Steve says with a smile, leans against the railing and watches the sunset with Tony. “But I have all sorts of faith in you, Shellhead. You earned that too.”
Toni stares at him, then looks at the lawyer, then looks at Clint. Clint has an eyebrow raised. Frowning, Toni unfolds her copy of the will, licks her thumb and begins to speed-read. Within a few minutes, the will is falling from her numb fingers. “What?” she says softly, raising her gaze to eye the lawyer. “I don’t… understand. He left me everything?”
“I think it’s always been a bit like high school,” Spider-Man, the grown-up one, says from where he’s hanging upside down from the ceiling. “It’s all awkward side-glances and panic attacks at the thought of asking someone to dance.”
