The waffles and sausage were still hot, so he was happy about that. He picked it up and carried it to the bedroom, happy to see Cas propped up on the pillows, rubbing his eyes sleepily. Dean placed the tray on the bed next to Cas's legs and went around the bed to sit next to him. They both dug in and Dean smiled at the happiness in Cas's eyes as he ate. They laughed and talked as they finished their food, and Dean's plan was going according to plan.
He curses up a storm as he fumbles the door back open. He snatches his phone off the counter and slams the door shut on his way out. If it's not locked at this point, he'll take the risk. He's over it.
Cas seems to consider this for a moment, "Yes. But where's the fun in that? I overheard your conversation about where you lie on the Kinsey scale, and I noticed that your fly was undone when you walked inside. I've been told I'm much too blunt, so I apologize for my actions if it's necessary. It was out of bounds by all conventional standards."
Also, if there's a bunch of mistakes, I'm so sorry, but I've read over this and passed it through Grammarly literally 5,000 times and I can't see the words anymore so if it sucks my bad! :D
"More than half. I've been napping a lot more often, and I keep waking up in the middle of the night."
"I've been trying to write an article and I'm not focused enough to do it. Calling you was just my first thought. I'm sorry if I've interrupted something."
. Like he knows it's there, but it doesn't matter. Cas is talking to him. And rubbing his hand over Dean's bare skin soothingly.
ALSO, guys, PLEASE. If any of you, and I do mean ANY of you, are ever in a bad place, or you need a friend, or you'd just like to chat with me (about anything in the world), please feel free to message me on my Discord. The link is at the beginning of all my fics. I'm easy to find. I've made several friends in the writing of this fic, friends that I adore and cherish, and y'all know who you are! And I'd love to gain some more. So please, if you ever need anything, feel free to message me. I'd welcome it. :)
Dean forces himself to relax his muscles, and Cas's finger slides in. He moans loudly. Good God... Cas starts thrusting in and out with slow precision, lightly rubbing over his prostate every second or third stroke, slowly fanning the flames burning in his belly. Fuck, he wants this so bad. The rising pleasure from him doing that has Dean jerking and gasping every time Cas glances over his prostate.
"Sorry. I just... You know how I am. I naturally assume the worst, and that makes it sound so bad. I don't mean to be that way... I just... I don't-"
Dean says nothing and watches the bees crawl around on Cas's palm, and another flies and lands on his finger.
Dean whimpers, long and drawn out, his body bowing. Suddenly the vibrator in him shifts, and it's purring right up against his prostate. He flails and thrusts his hips into the air, humping little circles back against the dildo.
It seems like no time at all before he's finished, and he's sent it off to Amelia. He clicks the button on the side to turn his screen to black and sets it back on the arm. He looks down at Dean, and if Castiel didn't know better, he'd say he's asleep for how relaxed he looks. His lips remain tight around the base of Castiel's dick, but his eyes are closed. A pale pink blush only slightly stains his cheeks, his face is relaxed, and he shows no signs of being disturbed by anything. He looks peaceful.
The rest of the place is dominated by the large counter and the kitchen. A few couples are sitting along the wall, chatting quietly. Then there's one lone, stubbled man, at the table in front of the window reading a book. It's nice and calm, but not completely quiet with stuff cooking in the kitchen and casual conversation going on.
I'm back!!! I would explain, but it doesn't really make a difference. Let's suffice it to say I couldn't write, and now I can. My muse is FINALLY back, and this story is in full swing! I will post another chapter on September 28th, 2021, and I'll let you guys know on that one when I'll post again. Let's pray my muse sticks around for a while. I still have a lot planned for these boys. Thank you so much to everyone that's stuck with me over the years and for all my newcomers. I see you guys lurking and leaving kudos in the dead of night. I love all of you so much. Your support, comments, kudos, and wishes for my wellbeing have kept me going and I'm finally here to return the favor. I hope you're all safe during this current crisis and that things get better soon.
Dean's dropping. He's sure of it. Castiel is already on his way out the door when the next text comes in, which only cements his fear.
"You're not being stupid, Dean. I promise you, you're not. I understand. Will you do me a favor?" Castiel gets out of his car and walks up on the porch of Dean's home. It's a small house, but it's kind of cute. It's not how he pictured Dean's house, but at the same time, it fits him perfectly.
They spend the next hour or so lounging in bed and talking. Dean hasn't felt so happy or calm in a long time.
Dean chuckles as he puts the key in the ignition. Dad had been so pissed about those picture day results that he'd torn Dean a new one so he hasn't risked doing it since. The thought of Dad sobers Dean a little and he sighs. He rubs his face with his hands and leans back in the seat.
Dean grabs Castiel's hand and drags him across the room and into the hallway, leaving the bright lights and fading sounds of Enter Sandman playing in the empty cavern. He follows Dean back through the hallway and out into the garage. The pungent odor of motor oil hits his nose. He nearly stumbles as Dean pulls him in a side door and shuts it behind them.
Dean raises his head, looking at Castiel, "I said stop being right all the time." Dean offers him a small smile which Castiel returns five-fold and leans down to kiss his forehead. "I love you, you know?"
They still need to talk about some things. They covered cleanliness yesterday, among other things. They were both clean, as of their most recent STD tests. And neither of them had been with anyone else since. Castiel trusts that that was the truth. He's never been stupid enough to have sex before being checked, but something's different about this.
"Sleep together? No. Not in a long time. After we parted and I began to Dom, we became friends. We haven't engaged in anything sexual in several years. He's a good friend, perhaps the best I have."
Dean shakes his head. "Nah, it's cool. Beyond cool. Just not something that happens every day, ya know?"
Dr. Bradbury appraises him, "Dean, this isn't a pass or fail test. What you're experiencing is completely valid, whether it's a little or a lot, okay? Don't be too hard on yourself about it. We just use this as a guide to point us in the right direction."
“Good morning to you too,” Cas laughs. The deep rumbling sound resonates through Dean and he can’t help but laugh too.
"Only with you," Dean murmurs, then he shifts up on his arms to kiss Castiel softly. They kiss for a long moment, just feeling each other, and to Castiel, it feels like something inside him heals. He's not sure what, but things feel better now, and he's willing to take that as a win. When they pull apart he gives Dean a long hug and then Dean pulls away, grimacing. "Your console is huge. And painful." He rubs his abdomen.
"Not... close enough." Castiel smiles at the look of irritation on Dean's face as he opens his sleepy eyes.
"I know. But I find it adorable." Dean rolls his eyes but likes the compliment regardless. "Are you sure you wanna go with me? I mean... it's a lot, you know?"
"So, tell me..." Cas's words skate across the shell of his ear right before his tongue does, and Dean shudders against him, "Would you like to visit the circus?"
The thought's slightly terrifying. Relationships like this aren't the norm for him. What is he supposed to do? Does anything have to change?
"This is a standard d/s contract. It'll map out rules and boundaries and safewords to keep both of us safe while we're playing. I won't hurt you."
Also, he's curious what this man's kinks are. Dean knows some of them already, but he wonders if there's more. And that's how he finds himself sitting at his kitchen table with a bunch of papers boldly describing all manner of kinks in front of him. Cas had them in his bag in his car. Dean rolled his eyes and laughed when he found that out.
He squats against the opposite wall outside the stall and looks at Dean. Dean, for one, doesn't even seem to register that they're there besides the fact that he's holding onto Castiel for dear life.
Dean nuzzled into Cas's hair and continued to whisper to him, "There's sausage. And waffles. And wine."
making him his. He shudders in delight as Cas finally stills and slumps down over Dean's back, then they crash in a sweaty heap on their sides, Cas's cock still buried in his ass. He slowly softens and eventually pulls out. Dean winces. He's just so damned tired, all fucked out. He feels Cas's fingers card through his sweaty hair soothingly.
P.S. If I had known this was going to be more than a one-shot, I would've NAMED IT SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
Cas laughs and takes his hands back. "Alright. You're safe. For now." He wags his eyebrows and Dean laughs and shakes his head, panting slightly from all the laughing. He rubs his side with accusing eyes. "You hurt me, you know."
to get this straightened out. He cannot lose Sammy. Dean finishes his cereal and his nasty coffee and deposits the dishes in the sink, which has a lot of dirty dishes in it that he needs to wash. Another mental note added to the list: He'd do that when he got back. Probably. Actually, probably not.
Oh boy. I'm really excited. I don't have a Beta reader, but I do have a wonderful sister who puts up with my BS and reads my fanfic just because I ask her to, and she's never even watched Supernatural. She helps me with my mistakes and doesn't care to point out when a sentence sounds retarded, so I'm totally doing a shout out right now. Love you, 'Retta! You're awesome sauce, and I'm sorry I made you read my crappy smut! *dies laughing
Something was wrong. It was. But he couldn't remember what. Maybe it wasn't that important if he couldn't remember it. He vaguely recognized he was unconscious but that was okay. It wasn't all that bad actually. "Cas!" He heard a dim cry but he couldn't place the voice. Was it someone important? He struggled to remember. The only person who had ever called him Cas - Dean. Oh, Dean. That's who was important. Suddenly the details came back to him and he remembered what had happened. Was Dean okay? He struggled to wake up, fighting the darkness now. It seemed to work, and within moments he was opening his eyes, only to shut them again with a moan. Bright light had pierced his brain and made him want to scream. He felt a hand on his cheek and on his neck and he groaned.
How can Castiel resist that? He climbs into bed next to Dean and lays down, and he's immediately blanketed with a cuddly Dean Winchester. Dean throws his leg over Castiel's and snuggles his face into Castiel's shoulder. "Are we done... with the circus, Sir?"
Quick note! I know that the transition from regular Dean, to Little Dean, to Big sexy Dean is possibly jarring. However, I'm trying to shoot for a note of realism to this. I have experience with the extreme mood swings in the face of something traumatic, and I'm sure some of you would agree, sometimes it's an entire 180. I just wanted to say that, as I know it probably reads a bit odd.
Cas leans in and kisses his lips softly. Dean's eyes flutter shut against the onslaught of emotion welling in his chest. "Why're you so worried, sweet boy? You were amazing. Yesterday was amazing. Don't doubt that."
Dean doesn't even have to think. If he leaves tomorrow without having fucked Cas, he'll never forgive himself. Dean pulls away from Cas and sits back on his thighs, the panties bunched up in weird ways under his legs.
The words are said. This is it. Cas's hand disappears from his cock, which sucks, but he grabs Dean's hand in his and then starts pulling him towards the hallways. "Then follow me."
"Let me in that head of yours," Cas murmurs and caresses Dean's forehead with the backs of his fingers. Dean closes his eyes and squeezes them together before popping them open again. "I'm just thinking, that's all."
Suddenly Dean’s senses come back to what’s happening to his body, and he’s thrown into a tidal wave of overstimulation. The pleasure centers of his brain zing and collide. His focus narrows down onto everything physical- his sweat-slick skin, his abused hole, the rough slide of Cas’s hand on his cock, his panting, Cas whispering in his ear. “Kitten...  Cum.”
Cas leads him down a stairway that he hasn't paid that much attention to before, and they come to a door. It's rather non-descript, and Dean wants to ask what it is they're doing, but he's not sure if he's supposed to or not since they're technically scening now.
"Yeah. Yeah, it's fine. Are you some sort of sex god or something?" That makes Cas laugh, and the sound echoes through Dean's bones with whiskey warmth.
Dean's already breathing a little harsher. He wants to touch his cock so badly. It's arched up towards his stomach and dripping precum, and fuck, Dean needs something more. He's going nuts.
At least those memories weren't too bad. The ones with Sam though... He pressed his nose into Cas's hair and inhaled deeply like the sap he didn't care he was. He knew there was no way he was going back to sleep. He might as well text Benny for a while. He reached over and grabbed his phone up off the nightstand without disturbing Cas at all. Ninja moves. He turned the screen brightness all the way down before clicking on Benny's number and texting him, still keeping an arm under Cas so he stayed up against Dean.
Their shower together is calm and comforting, but Castiel worries. Dean's not telling him something. Something happened to him earlier when Castiel was working. He's just not sure what. He knows Dean's mindset, and he knows that he most likely thought of something that had the potential to hurt him. He would've been looking for a distraction. He needed Castiel to take control to make him forget.
"Damn, babe. We're going to play with that idea later, but for now, there are two things on the agenda. Getting clean, and sleep. You down for that?"
Dean moans when the tip pops inside him, and Castiel smiles, trying to ignore the throbbing arousal in his pants. He gently starts to thrust it in and out of Dean's hole, slowly letting him take more and more of it, inch by inch. When it's pressed all the way inside him, Dean does a full-body shudder. "Oh, that feels so good, doesn't it, baby boy?"
"Very. If I was to stop this car right now and you got out and walked across the city I could track you three days from now."
It feels like there's a distance between them almost immediately. Like they're on two separate beds instead of only lying inches apart - a coldness to the air. He doesn't like it at all, but he has no idea what to do here. The levity of the morning is gone though. He decides to try a different tactic. He wants to mend anything that might be broken before it has a chance to get worse.
He speaks roughly like the words are forced out of a tight chest. "You are too gorgeous for your own good, Dean Winchester."
Cas arches an eyebrow at him, lips quirked up in a half-smirk, "Is that so?" Cas grabs his hips and pulls him closer. Dean looks up at him and smiles.
"Are we going to be..." He gestures with his hands, "Differentiating playing and our relationship. Like... Will there be different dynamics?"
Castiel takes a deep breath and presses the call-back button. It rings several times before the line clicks and Dean picks up.
Cas is generous and giving, and kind, and funny, and smart, and easy to talk to, and yeah he's a little weird, and yeah, he might murder people, but he's a good person. Dean has no doubt in his mind that Cas never does anything without the best intentions in mind. They haven't talked since Dean opened the letter on the couch that Cas revealed his name to him. Since then he's done research on Castiel James, and he's found some interesting things.
"Yes. Right here, Cas. This is the first place I saw you. This is where the chemistry, the connection, between us started. Everything began here, and I think it would only be right if we started our official life together too. I want to marry you right here. And start it where it began."
Castiel thinks, and immediately backtracks out of that line of thought. That is way too serious a thought for such a relaxing moment. Dean’s solid arms around him ground his focus and he leans in, smelling his shampoo on Dean’s hair and relishing the moment.
He had been telling the truth. Dean always knowing what he was feeling was a little disturbing. Dean had all the upper hands here. He held all the cards. The power imbalance was ridiculous. But unavoidable. So Castiel would just have to come to terms with it. So all he had to do now was explain it to him, which might prove complicated seeing as Dean was so... angry? Angry because he was hurt, Castiel was guessing. They pulled into a parking spot and Dean had the key out of the ignition and was outside shutting the driver's side door before Castiel could blink. He stomped into the building, clearly going to the front desk. Castiel sat in the car and waited, not knowing what else to do. Should he follow Dean? Would Dean come and get him?
"Yeah, of course, Sir. I'll let you know if that happens, but I sincerely doubt it will." Dean grins.
"You've been bad, Dean, disobeying me." There's no rhythm, no rhyme or reason, and they're increasingly harder and faster. With fingers plunging into his hole and a harsh hand smacking his ass, forcing his cock to rub up against Cas's pant leg Dean's hurdling towards an orgasm at light speed. "Your ass looks so pretty with my hand print all over it." He whines loudly at the words. He's aching and leaking and rock hard against Cas's leg.
He asks finally after an uncomfortable moment of staring. He just wants to go lay down. He feels like crap.
The blue midnight wraps around Dean comfortingly. The trees creak softly with the wind, and the stars are bright silver glints against the sky. Dean sits on Cas's porch steps and contemplates his life solemnly, but for once, without negativity. When he woke up in the dark, he panicked at first. A sense of paranoia and a feeling that something was out to get him made his heart race and his mind numb, but after a few minutes, he'd been able to calm himself down. His body is now devoid of emotion. He's been left empty and clean, and honestly, it's the best that Dean has felt in a while. He's always so full of emotions. Feelings, and anxiety, and overthinking. It's always pounding against his skull like angry fists on cage bars but now the cell is empty. So he's outside, where his inside silence reflects in the night quiet of early morning hours right before dawn. They probably didn't get into bed until three, but Dean's wide awake and the sun is just barely beginning to touch the horizon. It's so faint that maybe he's just being wishful.
How could someone have gotten that in there? And he knows his address was on his driver's license, but still, what if he had moved or something? The person who had written him the note hadn't even written for that contingency. No "Just in case this isn't you's," or anything. Were they a man or a woman? Dean was very curious about C.
Dean doesn't have a guest room, so he just lets Sam crash on his couch. They catch up some more, shoot the shit, and generally just have a good time for a few hours before the situation sobers them both up a little.
Thinking about it for a minute, he decides to get the box of Cheerios he has and pour the rest of them in too. Now he has a mostly full bowl of cereal and at least he won't be hungry for a while today. The milk is about to go bad so he pours as much of it as he can get away with into the cereal and uses the rest of it in his coffee, which he is now also out of. He wishes he had some sugar to make the coffee less bitter, but no such luck. When was the last time he even went grocery shopping? When was the last time he had money to
"Oh, is that right?" John cocks his head. "I think you're a bitch, and I think that you're bluffing."
Cas leans down and bites Dean's ear harshly, making him cry out into Cas's hand that muffles the sound. Cas whispers roughly, "Because I'm going to fuck you into next week, baby boy."
"Still here," Dean says, looking up at him, smiling as Cas opens his eyes. He has that sleep-mussed look about him, eyes narrowed adorably. His face slowly stretches into a lazy grin as he gazes at Dean.
Dean chokes on the sip of coffee he's taking and starts laughing, trying desperately to keep the coffee in his mouth.
but sure. Dean just shakes his head a little and smirks. After another few moments, Cas is back, but this time he's between Dean's legs.
Cas's pace increased with the thrusting of Dean's hips and soon Dean was riding right on the edge of an orgasm, skating on the precipice. Just. A. Little. More. He didn't even realize he had spoken out loud until Cas breathed an 'Okay'. Then his thumb was flicking across the sensitive head and Dean lost it. He buried his head in the crook of Cas's neck so he was surrounded by his scent. He had to clench his teeth together to resist the urge to sink his teeth into the soft skin there. Blood pulsing just underneath. Mmm. Oh fuck. He groaned loudly as his cock exploded messily onto Cas and his hips stuttered ungracefully. He didn't care, all he could think was CasCasCasCasCas. He continued pulling and jerking him until Dean was so sensitive he had to grab his wrist and pull him away. He took a deep breath. Holy shit. Well. There weren't even words.
"They're honey bees. They will only sting if they feel threatened," Cas smiles brightly and says with a teasing tone, "Don't you trust me to protect you from the big, bad bees?"
There's a command in his voice, and Castiel arches an eyebrow at it as his eyes meet Dean's, but he says nothing. He doesn't have a right to say anything right now anyway. Dean's verdant green eyes implore him.
"How often have you been bothered by thoughts that you would be better off dead, or of hurting yourself in some way?"
Cas's eyes snap open, and suddenly those blazing baby blues are focused on him with a righteous passion Dean cannot even begin to understand. Cas pulls out slowly, so goddammed slow that Dean swears he might die of old age before Cas is finished toying with him. Then he slams back home again, making Dean see starbursts in his vision.
Nothing happens, of course, but you can't be too careful. Dean holds the wallet in his hand for a minute, knowing without a doubt that it's his. It's the same old worn leather and well-creased tri-fold that he's carried for almost a decade. Bobby had actually bought it for him, years ago. Before things had gone bad. He stops that train of thought in an instant, refusing to give it another second's worth of attention. He unfolds the flaps and peers inside. Much to his amazement, everything seems to be there. He does a quick check and yep, everything's still there. All of his cards, all his pictures of the adopted family he's slowly gathered over the years, everything. And there are some additions. Where before he'd only had a few crumpled ones in the money sheath, there's now a rather large collection of bills. And sticking out from behind his driver's license is a piece of paper he immediately knows doesn't belong to him.
"I knew I was right to have to do that. And I will be doing it again," Cas leans forward until his teeth are scraping across the lobe of Dean's ear, "Soon."
"We're scening, Dean. You will address me as Sir. This is your only warning." Fuck. Dean drops his eyes, feeling stupid. He's messed up already. "I'm sorry, Sir... I forgot."
"The tongue has the power of life and death, and those who love it will eat its fruit." An odd look crossed Dean's face but it was gone before he could process what it had been. That seemed to happen a lot. It was rather annoying, actually. "Okay. You asked me to make us disappear. I am nothing if not a man of my word. We leave as soon as you're ready."
Castiel moves away and grabs a chilled bottle from the mini-fridge, and brings it back to Dean. He twists the cap off and gingerly nudges the bottle against Dean's lips, tipping it up and pouring the liquid into Dean's mouth when his pink lips part. He drinks his fill, and then Castiel caps the bottle and sets it on the floor. "Color for continuing."
"Mmm, baby boy. Look at you, all red and squirming for me. Your cock is so hard, trying to escape from those pretty panties. All that pretty blue lace wrapped around your cock makes me want to bend you over and fuck you until you scream."
Thank you for your comments and your support on the last chapter. <3 They mean everything to me. I'm sorry the pacing's a bit weird on this. This one's a little shorter just because it's not so much exposition. It'll level out in the next chapter, I promise. I'll be posting again on the 30th. Things *are* going to start speeding up here and getting better.
Castiel didn't know how long they had been kissing, but it felt like years. His body clearly thought it had been because his pants were uncomfortably tight. Somewhere in the midst of making out, Castiel had ended up in Dean's lap, grinding against him in dirty circles until Castiel was breathless. He couldn't stand it anymore. He lurched out of Dean's lap, leaving a very surprised Dean by himself, and searched frantically at the bottom of the bed until he found the phone. He quickly unlocked it and typed a message for Dean to read.
Inch after inch, he sinks onto Dean’s cock until he’s shaking from the effort of being still. When his ass hits Dean’s thighs he has to stop and breathe for a moment. He groans as Dean twitches inside him. For a moment, everything is frozen. He can see the sweat glistening on Dean’s chest, the way his eyelashes flutter as Castiel squeezes his inner muscles, the helpless lip biting to keep from moaning. He’s the most gorgeous creature Castiel’s ever seen. And then, like a roll of thunder that signals an imminent downpour, everything speeds back into focus again.
"Circus." He repeats back. He runs his finger over the forming tent in Dean's pants, teasing him lightly. Dean jerks under his touch, giving a needy whine.
"Oh right." Sam turns around and shuts the hood. He practically bounces over to the passenger side and plops into the car. Dean just stares at him as Sam shuts the door. He freezes with a deer-in-headlights look when he realizes Dean's looking at him.
Castiel groans and rocks back against Dean’s fingers. His beautiful subby boy doesn’t know what to do and Castiel has to think now. “Kitten, do you remember how I told you to find the prostate?”
Dean runs inside and Castiel is left with the slobbering mess on the concrete. A hate-filled mess of a man who doesn't deserve the air he's gasping in, in Castiel's opinion. Castiel bends and grabs handfuls of clothing. He hauls John up and throws him against his truck, where he barely stays standing. He's breathing heavily, holding his ribs and wiping blood from his nose. "I won't stay gone forever, you know. I'll be back... to... to take care of him."
He's barefoot, wearing low-slung grey sweatpants and a black T-shirt that clings to his muscular shoulders. He wasn't really expecting Cas to be built like that. His hair is still crazy; it looks like he's been running his fingers through it.
"Yes, sir," Comes the immediate reply, and Castiel wonders if she's just the secretary. Within a few moments, two guys in black shirts appear in the doorway and pick up the unconscious guard, before carrying him down the hall. Cain stands, adjusts his suit, and walks around to close the door. He turns back around and looks over Dean and Sam. "I'm still waiting on an explanation."
"I know!" Dean chirps happily, and hugs him, nuzzling his face against Castiel's t-shirt. "You stay me safe, Daddy."
"This morning when we were "fighting" you didn't take it too far, you knew exactly what to say. Not something a stranger would know how to do properly." A pang of sadness shot through his chest at the word stranger but he ignored it. They were strangers. Sort of. To Cas, Dean was a stranger. It sucked. "Yeah." He said softly and his hands tightened on the steering wheel. He saw Cas move out of the corner of his eye and then there was a warm hand on his shoulder. "Are you alright?" Dean shrugged and the hand fell away. "Yeah, fine, Cas. Hey, can you drive by the way?" He knew Cas didn't buy it, but they segued into a new conversation pretty easily.
Dean reaches back behind him and finds Cas's lube-coated cock standing at full attention, hard and heavy, and Dean literally cannot wait to be speared open by it. He adjusts himself a little and then rubs the tip of Cas's cock against his hole, which tries to draw him in. Catching the flash of the 'Don't tease the wolf, boy' look in Cas's eyes, Dean directs his cock against his hole. The tip slides in, and Dean groans, letting go of Cas's erection and placing both hands on Cas's chest.
Dean scrubs a hand over his face and sighs, “Well, I did some research while I was at Jody’s. I don’t have my head wrapped around it all the way yet but I do get it. I understand why it happened, I think. I don’t really want to do anything about it, though. At least for a while. I need time. Also, I don’t expect you to have to… do anything. That’s not what I mean. I just need time to figure everything out and we can talk about it after that. If that’s alright.”
A fierce surge or anger and possessiveness shot through him when he saw that the blond frat kid had knocked two bar stools over, spilling the delicious smelling man(boy?) into the dirty dancefloor. Dean didn't even think about it, he jerked the frat boy up by the lapels and pushed him against the bar. His brown eyes were wide with fear and Dean could smell it on him, it was nasty.  Dean tightened his grip in his shirt and growled, almost literally, "Apologize." The kid's eyes flicked down and back up to him quickly. "I- I'm sorry. Sir." Dean rolled his eyes and let him go with a huff. "Not to me, you idiot." He saw the panic flit across Frat Boy's face and it nearly made him grin but he repressed the urge.
Of course. Cas sends him another answer and Dean's eyes start to water as he reads the message. God, he's been waiting for this day forever. Today he gets to marry his best friend. The crying boy from next door who was just too loveable to ignore. Dean hasn't been happier. They had decided to walk down the aisle together so Cas was literally just outside his door right now. With the words of Cas's last text ringing in his mind, Dean pulls open the door only to have his future husband waiting on the other side with a beautiful, blinding smile, and he still had the bluest eyes Dean has ever seen.
Unless... No. They're boyfriends. Or Cas said they were. Fuck, he's psyching himself out over this. Should he even tell Cas he found it? What if he's mad? What if he thinks Dean was snooping or something and gets angry with him. No.
Dean cums with a howl, and Castiel jerks inside his clenching muscles with his own release, moaning softly at the feeling of Dean spasming around his length. Dean's head falls to his shoulder as he finally stops twitching, and he's panting warm breath onto Castiel's heated skin. Castiel runs his hand up Dean's back, rubbing soothingly.
He disappears, and Dean assumes he's going to meet him at the door, so he crosses the pavement and walks up the steps, lifting his hand to knock right as Cas pulls the door open. He looks deliciously rumpled, his hair a mess. What has he been doing?
Dean gets up and sidles sideways a couple of feet before hopping up into Cas's lap, straddling his thighs and wrapping his hands around his shoulders. "I wanna be here today. 'S'long as it's okay with you."
“God, yes. Beautiful,” Cas moans and holds him by the hips as Dean spurts into his underwear. The orgasm seems to last forever. He just can’t stop shaking with the aftershocks of it. It zings up his spine and through his spent cock with every movement and he whines lowly.
Dean braced himself. It was minute, but Castiel could see him tense under his layers of clothing. There was actually quite too many layers for the Louisiana heat, but he supposed it didn't bother him. Castiel forced himself back on topic. And he really didn't need to think about it. There were so many questions and fears, but honestly, it just didn't matter at this point. He hadn't been lying yesterday when he said he trusted Dean. For some strange reason, he trusted this man implicitly.
"Wait until I edge you for hours and have you begging for relief. Then we'll talk about bossy ass teases," Castiel quips, smirking over his shoulder when Dean's mouth drops open. Castiel just chuckles and starts preparing to serve their food.
"I agree," He rumbles, then leans forward and licks a long stripe up Dean's stomach, gathering the white spend in his mouth. He leans up and locks lips with Dean, using his tongue to push the cum into Dean's mouth. Dean moans and thrusts his tongue back into Castiel's mouth. Castiel leans back down and does it again, gradually cleaning Dean's stomach by licking it up off of him and kissing Dean until they both swallow it. It's by far one of the hottest things he's done. He's never been very into cum play, but he's starting to think he may've discovered a new kink.
"Brother, are you seeing what I am?" Dean followed his gaze and locked on the target that had Benny so interested. Hmm. A man with ink-black hair that looked fucked six ways to Sunday, and in the most conservative outfit Dean thought he might've ever seen, and he'd been born in the 1910's. Dean couldn't see the dude's face from his vantage point leaning against the wall opposite the bar, but he'd bet his Baby that the dude was smokin'. Even if he did look like a friggin' tax accountant or some shit with his little grey sweater vest thing and khaki pants. Who the hell wore khakis in Louisianna anyway? "I'm seeing it alright, but I'm not getting it. What?" Benny just smirked and pointed. Dean turned his attention back to the guy at the bar. He had collapsed into one of the only empty stools their and ordered a water of all things. Seriously? On Mardi Gras? Dean couldn't hear his voice over the loud music and the cacophony of the hundreds of people partying outside, but he'd bet it was high and reedy if his appearance said anything.
Suddenly the door opened and a woman stepped out. She looked about thirty and her hair was a faded blonde color that reached her shoulders. She was wiping her hands on her apron as she questioned them. "Can I help you gentleman with something?"
"God, it feels so good, C-Sir. It's been a while. I forgot just how good it is. Please, can I have more?"
"No. Bees are very hard workers, but even so, a worker will generally only produce 1/12 of a teaspoon of honey in her lifetime. Two million flowers must be visited to produce one pound of honey."
- I need more. Please, Sir, please." The lock that had been on Dean's mouth fell away the moment a second finger slid inside his ass.
Uh, whoa. Did Cas mean that the way Dean was taking it? That would be... a little scary but a lot awesome.
"I thought you would like them. You just seemed to be into stuff like that. I don't wear panties for other people a lot. Not unless they mention it first." Dean has to close his eyes as Cas starts gently rubbing his finger against his hole, making him relax. It feels so much better to have someone else doing it.
Dean laughs. They end up talking for a couple of hours before They end the call so Dean can sleep. Again, he sleeps longer than his usual four hours, and when he wakes up, he feels refreshed and energized. Dean's determined that it's going to be another good day. Just like the one he met Cas on.
"Really, Squirrel? You're throwing ME out over Blue Eyes here?" Crowley turned his eyes to Cas and stared. "My, he is gorgeous though. Aren't you, Blue Eyes?" Dean growled and roared, "Out!"
"A thought just occurred to me. I can't go home in these clothes either. My mother will most definitely notice, and I don't have an explanation."
It's nice and well-kept. There are tons of flowers. Some are growing in the yard, some in boxes on the windows. And others yet in pots on the porch. It's actually kind of cute. He sees one of the curtains twitch by the door, then it's opening. Cas is stepping out on the porch. Dean's breath catches in his throat. He looks a lot different from the other day.
Dean adjusts his tie for the 47th time in the mirror as he thinks back to that first night. He'd been enraptured with Cas even then. Cas had slept in his bed that night, and every night after that, incidentally. At first, it was just comfort. Then friends. After three months, they became lovers. After two years, they were engaged. And now, three years after that first night, Dean's about to marry the love of his life. His phone buzzes with a notification and he realizes he needs to put it on silent for the ceremony. His heart starts beating wildly like it only does for Cas when he realizes it's from his soon to be husband.
, but it's definitely got something substantial in it. The only return address is a post office a couple blocks from his apartment. It's addressed to him specifically though, so he knows it's not a mistake. With a shake of his head, he brings his pocket knife out of his back pocket to cut the tape holding it shut. With the flaps cut loose, he's able to open the box and he's confused by the contents. There's a piece of cream-colored paper sitting on the pile and he grabs it. It feels familiar... It's the same paper the person who gave his wallet back used. It's thick, and smells like... leather... and bourbon? Okay then. He unfolds the paper to read it.
Dean yells as he slams his hands down into the Impala's steering wheel. He takes a ragged, deep breath, trying to soothe the knot of anxiety and unreasonable rage sitting balled up underneath his ribs, right above his pounding heart. He rubs his hand over the Impala's dash, murmuring to her like she's a person, something his little brother Sam never fails to make fun of him for. "I'm sorry, Baby. That was stupid; I didn't mean it."
The rope that goes around his ass and hugs the top of his legs feels all kinds of good. It's the chest harness that's getting him. When he flexes his muscles, the rope tightens, and he can't move. He's so restricted, but it also makes him feel safe.
On the next breath, Cas breathes Dean's name, long and drawn out, like he's shocked or something. Should Dean not have said that? Before he can think, Dean is receiving a sloppy upside-down kiss that he happily reciprocates. When Cas pulls away, Dean has to gulp in oxygen. He may or may not have forgotten to breathe. Cas starts mouthing along his throat until he finds Dean's pulse point, then he sucks.
Cas hooks a finger under his chin and lifts it until their lips meet. It's just a soft brush at first, then Cas's tongue slides inside Dean's mouth, making him feel complete and lifting him on his toes. He places his hands on Cas's waist and grips his shirt between his fingers, just feeling it. Cas gives him a soft peck on the lips then pulls away, whispering against his cheek, "Don't ask stupid questions."
"Okay, Dean. I'll get you some." Castiel leaves him to go through the house and turn off the lights. He grabs the smallest plastic cup that he has and pours some organic apple juice into it. He's really scared to push Dean too far in this space. He wishes more than anything that he could've eased Dean into it, maybe explained what it was beforehand, and talked about what Dean might've wanted. He's just winging it right now, but he's tired, and he's not sure how healthy it is for Dean. He just doesn't know. The burdens of caring for another individual like this are usually discussed beforehand, and he knows exactly what's expected of him. But he is so tired right now, and he has no idea what Dean needs. God...
Cas’s face is still for a moment, and then it splits into a giant grin. He leans forward and captures Dean’s mouth in a soul-crushing kiss. When he pulls away, he nips at Dean’s bottom lip,  hard,  and he whimpers. “Damn straight I can. Cum for me, Dean.”
One of the cars is the beauty that Dean had described to him before, the Camaro. It is gorgeous, even taken apart. and he glides his fingers across the gleaming metal as he makes his way to the middle of the room. The other car is a 50's style Corvette, and there's a pair of jean-clad legs sticking out from under it. Bowlegs.
I hope you've enjoyed it so far. I'm so happy to be back guys, I can't express it. Thank you so much for being here. Stay safe. <3
"Of course. That sounds like a great idea." He purrs the words, and Dean practically melts. Cas preps him so slowly that Dean's nerves are singing, and his body is so relaxed he feels like a pile of goo by the time Cas finally slips inside. The pace is a turtle's, slow and soft. It's absolutely perfect in the warm, golden morning light. Dean's being taken apart so slowly and so meticulously that Dean's practically gone. He's no longer a singular entity.
"Where did you find this? I've never even seen one." Dean runs his fingertips over the hood in awe. The Z's were speed demons back in their day. Rated with a 430 horsepower, which is insane considering that the 2016 Camaro SS was only 3.5 seconds faster than the 69's. They were the most powerful Camaro in history up until the early 2000s. These things are legends, and he's got one right here, raw and waiting for his hands to mold and shape it back into its former glory. Dean may be drooling a little.
After a moment's pause, there's an angry flick at the back of his head. Dean looks up at Cas, shock and amusement mingling in his expression. He's standing there, arms crossed and an exasperated expression on.
Cas's eyebrows raise, and his eyes widen as he takes a minimal step forward, moving even further into Dean's space. "Are you hurt, Dean? Did I hurt you? I haven't noticed any-"
Dean is breathing heavily, open-mouthed panting, and cheeks flushed pink. His lips are kiss-swollen, and his skin is glinting with a sheen of sweat.
Thinking about it in the shower had proven to be a bad idea and his erection had been increasingly painful but he refused to masturbate. It just seemed... sacrilegious, almost. He wanted Dean to... Well.. to pleasure him, he guessed. It just hadn't felt right. Now came the complicated part. There was no way that Castiel could stay in New Orleans without Zachariah discovering where he was. It was likely he would soon discover where Castiel had gone, then it would only be a matter of time before camera footage was revealed and then he would know Dean's face. "Dean, you said you could make us disappear?" Dean looked over at him with a shocked expression. His voice was cautious. "Yeah..."
Dean rolls over at the ding from his phone and unlocks it. He's hoping... Yes! It was a message from Cas. They'd talked a few times since the meeting at the diner, but they'd both been busy. Dean had been hoping to hear from him tonight since he wasn't too busy the next couple of days.
Castiel smirks down at Dean, who flushes a light pink and bites his injured lip, and Castiel uses his thumb to pull it from his mouth absentmindedly.
Castiel breathes a sigh of relief and bends down to hug Dean, kissing his forehead as he pulls away. "It's alright. Do you want to continue? It's alright if you don't."
"She?" Dean whispers as he watches the bee crawl around in his hand. It doesn't feel as bad as he thought it would. "Yes, she. All worker honey bees are females. Males are only used for breeding."
She smiles fondly and extends a shaky hand out to run her wrinkled fingers over the red, ripe skin of several tomatoes. "I remember when I used to grow tomatas. I've always loved the flavor of a good ripe one. I'll take 15. They'll go good on my bread I made this morning with a little mayo, I think."
Castiel leans back into the soft leather couch cushions, finally relaxing. It has been a very long day, and he is thankful for the quiet solitude of his guarded apartment. With a small smile, he thinks of the wallet he had found the day before. It had been so well worn, and the threading along the edges had been ragged, but it was obviously well-loved and well-traveled. It had a warm, lived-in feel to it. The photos of the boy, later found to be Dean's younger brother Sam, had been precious. He seems to be a rather precocious child, and the siblings were obviously close. He pulls himself from his musings with an effort and opens the email on his phone that Balthazar had sent him and starts reading through it.
Cain smiles as he crosses the distance and opens his arms. Castiel stumbles into them thankfully and collapses against him. The comfort is an old one. He breathes in the familiar spiced scent and a sob ravages its way out of his mouth.
He collapses into his bed at night and tiredly calls Cas after his shower. More than once, Dean falls asleep to the sound of his voice, but Cas likes that for some reason. Dean'd apologized for it anyway. By the time the weekend rolls around, he's nearly swimming in excitement at what Cas has planned.
"Shit, what the hell am I supposed to do now?" He mutters aloud. He'd only had a few measly dollars in there but in addition to that the-
"Please, Cas. I want you in me. Fuck! I want you to fuck me. Touch me. Anything! Please, Cas? Please?" Dean's begging now but he can't help it. He just wants. Cas hums low in his throat and moves until he's straddling Dean's thighs, his legs on either side of Dean's hips. Dean wriggles and laments this since that means he's not getting anything in his ass right now, or maybe anytime soon. Cas settles his weight against him and Dean feels fingertips brushing lightly over the jut of his hip bone.
The diner is small and uncrowded, which is perfect for Dean's nerves right now. After the doctor’s appointment yesterday, and his impromptu cleaning session, Dean could use some quiet to let himself settle. Sam is talking his ear off, but it’s a familiar kind of noise. When they were kids, Sam could ramble on for hours about the newest science class in some forgotten elementary school or the girl he’d just met that had,
He handed it to Sam who made a face but quickly turned it into a grin after Dean's stern look. He dug in eagerly then. Good. Growing boy needed the nourishment. Lord knew he was much too skinny. Dean was too admittedly, but it couldn't be helped. He couldn't trust Dad to take care of them so he'd just have to do it himself.
"Yes, I can. Naomi felt it necessary so I would be a larger asset to the church." Dean muffled a curse. "You have shitty parents, Cas. Seriously."
In a rare moment, he grins wide and bright, so much so that Dean can see his gums above his teeth and he has to smile in return. It's infectious. "You're not wrong about that."
“I hadn’t heard from you. Your car was there when I dropped your things off. I just assumed you didn’t want to speak to me. I was asleep when you called.”
"I'm taking that as a yes." Cas laughs, "Sleep, Dean. You're safe with me. I'll watch over you. So amazing, Dean. You were so good for me." Dean drifts off somewhere amid Cas whispering praise to him, and that's gotta be the best feeling in the world.
"Sir. Sir, please." Dean jerks in his bonds, making him swing a little. Cas chuckles again as he steadies him.
"You comin' or not?" Castiel scrambled out of the car quickly, not wanting to anger Dean further. He really needed to apologize. Once Dean saw Castiel would follow him he set off down the sidewalk, the building on their left. When they reached the end and it branched up towards the right he stopped and put the key in the door, unlocking it and swinging it open. Castiel followed Dean inside, blinded by the darkness since Castiel had shut the door behind him without thinking about it. Castiel stopped just inside the door waiting for Dean to turn on a light. When he didn't, Castiel reached around, feeling on the wall for a light switch and finding none. Fear started trickling in slowly. He couldn't hear Dean. He should be able to hear him moving around but he couldn't. What was going on?
There it was again another monosyllabic answer that both relieved and frustrated him, he should have known that something had changed when he was watching Porn and seeming to be affected by it, he hadn’t thought that Celestial beings even in Vessels were capable of sexual arousal but clearly, he was mistaken there.
Dean laughs. "Oh, come on. I'll admit that it is heavy and not as cozy as a trenchcoat, but come on. You're an angel. So... the weight shouldn't be a problem for you, should it?"
"So how about we move it to the dance floor? Let's see if we can get some action", Dean suggests, winking at Sam and Cas. "I think the one over there likes you, Sammy. She has glanced at you several times and almost every time she turned back to her friends, they have been giggling."
"Excellent. You'll stay here in the control room, then. Then, I need someone to recalibrate the entropy engine."
"You... You didn't even realize, did you? What difference it made. I... When you were gone, nothing seemed to matter anymore. And then you came back, and... It was like the sun had been blocked out and came back." He beams. "This might be my favorite memory with you, you know. You agreeing to wear this cowboy hat." He chuckles. "I, uh... I think, after that, I felt quite comfortable with my feelings for you for a while. Even without acknowledging what sort of feelings those were." He frowns. "I'm sorry if I don't make much sense."
Trying not to choke, Dean swallows down the rest of his bite. "Like what?", he asks, while nervously fumbling with his plate.
You are as old as the stars, as old as the universe, and... And then you go and lose your mind over one human? That's
The queen inhales. "No. But there is a tradition, you see." Her eyes are resting on Dean, gauging his reaction. "Whenever someone noble tries to protect this realm, he shall have a kiss. Since I do not have offspring in the form of a princette, the next closest thing would be my fair handmaiden."
"What just happened?", Sam says in a loud voice, trying to speak over the noise. "This rumbling doesn't sound good."
"Had a nice night in the Impala, yes", Sam confirms. He gives a short pause, raises his cup of coffee too his mouth. "I trust your night in the room was nice as well", he says, addressing Dean.
Dean obliges only too willing and lets himself being pushed onto the bed, his brain almost short-circuiting with the thought
Cas shakes his head, unsure. "I... I do not know. Maybe..." He pauses, looking at Dean with his usual, intent gaze. "Maybe I was wrong. Maybe just being is not enough after all."
"Then you should have told us and found another way than this deal!", Dean yells at him, removing his arm from Cas' touch.
It is Dean who breaks eye contact and rushes out, leaving Castiel alone in the kitchen with the shards.
At the door, Cas hesitates. "Dean, should we maybe go to the reception and get another..." The word "room" is muffled by Dean's lips meeting his again.
The Doctor shakes her head. "No. Nothing." She inhales and turns to face Dean. "Dean, I'm so very sorry, but..."
Meanwhile, Sam is standing outside where the women have dragged him almost literally, politely refusing the women's offer to roll a joint for him. "No, thank you."
", Sam brings out. "I have to watch them dance around each other for years and you meet them, and just like that...
There is one problem with that plan, though. Because now, with nothing to distract himself, not even music, Dean's thoughts inevitably wander, exactly to the place he was trying to avoid earlier.
?" Before Cas can answer, he holds up his hand and shakes his head. "No. Never mind. Don't answer that."
It is Dean's turn to step closer. He raises his eyebrows in a questioning way. "So, can I, or...", he points upward, then corrects himself by making a sweeping gesture, "...or is this a violation of heavenly decency rules?"
Dean turns around, confused for a moment, since the voice is the same one as Cas'. He swallows, staring at the Shadow. "I sort of hitched a ride", he replies, managing a small chuckle.
"Uh", Dean stammers, "... can I..." He brings up his right hand, not quite touching Cas' cheek, but hovering close over it instead. "I... I mean... would it be..."
"We need to pimp up the TARDIS", the Doctor announces. "Otherwise she cannot close the rift. I need someone here to move heavy parts."
He feels sick of himself. He had promised himself to never become a second John Winchester. And still... Of course, Sam is capable of defending himself, as his bruises attest. He brings up his hand to his lips to assess the damage and groans, blood sticking to his fingers. Yes, Sam is capable of lashing out as well, and it had been an escalation on both sides. Still.
A quiet gasp escapes Mary, but she does not say anything because she senses that the angel is not finished with his speech.
While they talk, Claire is joined by the rest of the wayward sisters, who apparently accompanied her.
"Right." The Doctor smiles at Yaz. "I promised you a picnic in the Neverending Forest." She looks at Sam.  "You three want to come as well? It's very romantic there."
Turning back toward the angel, Dean can feel his throat go dry. "Cas..." He throws up his arms in a helpless gesture. "I'm sorry. You said all those beautiful words, and I..."
prefer you to leave Sam and Dean alone as long as you cannot see the damage you have done." Castiel is smiling, but there is no warmth in it.
Cas is still looking out on the water, and Dean takes a moment to contemplate his profile. His angel is older now, of course, but still beautiful, not to say devastatingly handsome. "Hell of a story, isn't it, if you think about it?", he mumbles, not taking his eyes off Cas' face.
"Sure thing", she replies, coming over to take the tongs from him. "What, did Bobby ask for the story again?", she asks with a knowing smirk.
"So... You know how it started. Your badass uncle gripped me tight and raised me from perdition." He points at his shoulder. "Leaving a big, fat, mark right there. Not so subtle."
Castiel scoffs. "Fun? I don't see what is so fun about being stuck in this", he waves at his armor, which is decorated with a yellow cape.
"You getting in or what?", Dean asks Cas. "Get in, angel. Oh. Wait, no. You aren't one anymore because you made this idiotic deal."
"Oh." She smiles. "So you're okay, more or less. That's a relief. ... I'm going to make a wild guess and assume that you want my help with getting back into the other vessel."
Unimpressed by the glare, Sam replies "All right. I'm not saying anything, man. In fact, I'll go over there and stare holes into the sky or something." With this, he turns and walks off.
"All sorts of things coming through the rift from all over in time and space. I'd estimate..." She squints at the display. "...if we don't do something about it soon, the earth will be devastated in about twelve hours."
Dean cannot remember having seen Cas so stunned, ever. "Dean, no. That is not why it did not work. I
"It's just not okay to have feelings for...", Dean rambles. "I shouldn't... I mean, it's just... wait, what?" He looks at Castiel in shock. "What did you say?"
Dean's voice takes on angry undertones again. "Well, of course, you would think that, crazy as you are." He pauses for a moment. "I mean, how old are you? You are
The outer layer of the wall collapses, and both of them scream as they are sent hurling towards the hole in the hull.
"Ah." Recognizing him, the creature flashes him a grin. "Dean Winchester. ... You know, you don't seem
Cas rolls his eyes, then glares at him. "Stop. Don't you dare. It is bad enough that you are hitting on Dean. Don't you
When they are standing on the sandy street, Mary lets out an exhale. When she speaks, her voice is not as steady as before. "Why does it take one so long to arrive at the truth sometimes?"
"Hold on to something!", Jack screams, grabbing Dean's arm to prevent him from being sucked out into space.
human being I will ever know. ... You know, ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of Hell... Knowing you has changed me. Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam, I cared about Jack... I cared about the whole world because of
Despite himself, Dean chuckles. "Hell is the right word, actually. ... He pulled me out of Hell. The literal Hell, like in the Bible, mind you. Gripped me tight and raised me from perdition."
it was too late. ... But we're here, so..." He breaks off, eyes flickering down before they move up again to met Cas' gaze with a small smile. "Me too, Cas. ... I love you too. Even if you're the stupidest angel in existence. ... Or even the stupidest creature in existence."
He is unable to move, pain not only clenching together his heart, but running through his whole body. Resigning, he closes his eyes.
"Hmm", she says, thinking. "Matter of fact, we have had issues with a dangerous creature lately. A few miles north of this place."
Another woman chimes in. "Time And Relative Dimensions In Space", she explains. After a small pause, she adds. "And I'm Yaz, by the way. Hi."
Just as Cas translates the last sentence, a tear seems to open up in the middle of the street in front of them.
Cas raises his eyebrows. "I don't know. ... Mary, look, I am not sure if you know that it was my fault that... I knew that Jack was not fine. If I had told Sam and Dean..."
Dean is highly enjoying himself, stuffing himself with popcorn. "There you go, gang. You almost have it." He takes a gulp from his soda bottle, eyes fixed on the screen. "Nice", he says. "Get him, Scooby-Doo." He takes another hand-full of popcorn and munches down on it.
Cas glances sideways, trying to recall. "Ah. I see. I remember now. Yes, let us hope he does not forget if it comes to that."
Castiel's voice is dangerously low when he continues "Let us just say, if it were not that way, if Dean and Sam were thinking otherwise, ... I am not sure where you would be."
"Two hearts? What are you? Why are you here? I sure hope you don't want to invade the earth or anything."
The angel glances at him from where he sits, not saying anything, which Jack takes as an invitation to continue.
Dean nods. "Do you think you could nullify it? I mean, you're God now..." He glances at Amara, stammers "...or God's grandnephew at least, or whatever."
Dean is already moving closer to Castiel, whose expression is not unlike a deer trapped in a headlight.
With a start, he realizes that Castiel is looking at him with a soft expression he has never seen before.
Cas shudders, then straightens up, already looking much better. "You are not getting rid of me that easily, Dean", Cas assures him. "Now, what was it you wanted to say?"
It takes Dean several attempts to manage to speak. "Uh..." He chuckles. "Let's see. The pain Billie inflicted on me is gone. Billie is gone. You're alive. I'm alive. And the... the thing you tried to summon, apparently it doesn't want you, because I sure don't see it, do you?" He inhales deeply. "So... I'm going with 'yeah, I'm all right.'" What he does not say is
Dean glances down at the body in the bathtub which is filled with ice cubes. "Yes", he agrees. "This whole thing is weird."
There is the amused frown again. "Are you sure you are up to this, fair handmaiden?", the queen says in fake mock tone.
"I suspect it was actually around the time I betrayed you and Sam", Cas says, quietly. "You were trying to be so loyal."
Amara shrugs. "I think that should be possible, yes." She smiles. "I am the Darkness. It will come when I call."
The expression on Cas' face is sheer horror. "No." He shakes his head. "No. You cannot be here. This place... it is not for humans."
Now that the two of them are alone in the bunker, Dean cannot hold back the question anymore. "Why didn't it work?"
He is yelling at Mom, telling her that he hates her. And he hates himself for yelling it. Of course, he also whispers at her "I love you." But still.
A mischievous smile appears on her face. "Then again, this might be a good opportunity for you two to develop an even more profound bond, so maybe..."
"Shouldn't have treated you like that, though", Dean mutters. "I'm not proud of saying that I... didn't care you were broken."
Big time. You know, you're quite a melodramatic motherf-" He catches himself at the last moment, grins.
On the way back to the bunker, it is quiet in the car. Sam is texting Eileen, and Dean still does not talk to Cas.
Why did he do that? He remembers what it is like to be afraid of a father figure. Why did he yell at the boy? Ben was just curious.
Amara nods. "So you are." She takes a moment to think, looks around at the remade Earth. "Hmm. ... I accept your suggestion, nephew. If you promise me to never lock me up or attack me in some way. And I promise to not got against any of your wishes."
As the four of them walk towards the Impala, Chuck calls after them. "Guys... Guys... wait. Guys... Guys! No, wait. G-Guys... Guys, wait! Guys, wait! Guys, wait! Wait, wait, wait! Please wait! Guys!"
Dean glances over to Mary, and he realizes there has been a clear shift in her posture and facial expression since Sam and he came over to talk to them.
"I am sorry. I did not dare to approach you, for fear of attracting the creatures." Cas voice is somewhat shaky. "You know, I... I was so scared that one night, there would be no prayer from you. Because that would have meant you were..."
Jack finds Dean in the kitchen, eating. With an elegant swooping motion, the Captain swings his legs over the bench to sit down opposite Dean. "So, end of the world, Dean." He smirks. "Well, I hope not, but, don't you think you should do something special in case we all die?"
"Right. Right. This is enough. Down, boy", Dean mutters. He turns around with a triumphant smile. "Sir Castiel! I tamed the dragon!"
I didn't have any clue what had pulled me out of Hell and why. I... I thought it was probably something evil, especially with what happened with Cassandra and with all the bursting windows. Way to make a first impression, buddy."
"Isn't it obvious?" Dean shoots him a grin. "I'm gonna show you how to dance." With a wink, he adds "And then you can impress the ladies."
"Hm." The woman (whose name is either Katie or Kathy) brings up her hand to run it through his hair. "So what now?"
"I take away his grace, make him human. That way you will never see him again and be left in peace."
The angel is ignoring him for now, though. Instead of addressing Dean, he strides through the living room to glare at John.
Dean shakes his head. "No, it isn't. ... Let me rephrase." He swallows. "Cas, when you told me all this, I... I was stunned. Overwhelmed. I didn't expect you to..." He chuckles. "To be honest, I only realized the full extent of my own feelings when it was too late. ... When I
"Look, how about this? You cancel the deal with Castiel and you get your peace and quiet back. ... Because you see, the thing is, if you take Castiel, even if we make it quiet, Sam and Dean won't rest until they find a way to bring him back. And they will. Which means your quiet won't last if you take him. If you nullify the deal, you won't have any problems with them."
He needs a means to distract Dean and Bobby, so he tears down the wall in Sam's mind, almost destroying Sam Winchester.
He flinches, but does not duck away. After all, it is his fault. Not Sammy's. He will not have Dad taking it out on his little brother. Not for the first time he wishes Mom was still there.
"The plan changed, Dean. Something went wrong. You know this. Something always goes wrong", Cas pleads.
"Yeah, well, this is the problem with dragons in general. Let us go and get rid of it, before people are killed." Dean glances at the knight.
"My queen, may I ask what kind of creature it is we are talking about?", Castiel inserts before Dean can talk over him again.
"Cas, Cas, I...." Dean stops when he realizes that Castiel has taken hold of both his hands. Confused, he stares at Castiel. "Cas...?"
Even if Castiel is smaller than John Winchester, he seems to tower. "Do you even know why you are here? ... I am sure you think you are here because you are a righteous warrior and all that, don't you?"
"That I threatened to drag you back into Hell if you did not comply probably did not help much, either", Cas remarks, ruefully. "I wish..."
"This... This what you said when Billie chased us. Why didn't the Empty come?" He tries to keep his voice level, but fails. The invasive thought haunting him for the last hours finally makes it way out there into the open. "Did... Did you not mean it? Did you not mean what you said? Because, unless I misunderstood something, if you
Dean smiles, holding on to Cas' hand and swirling Cas around to the last lines of the current song. "I think you have almost got it, angel. One more?"
With a swift movement, Billie swats Cas aside like an irritating fly. She steps closer to Dean and raises her scythe.
"So, uh, I failed", Sir Castiel concludes. "You gave me a task, and I failed." He sighs. "Your handmaiden had to do it for me."
One of the servants approaches the queen, whispering into her ear. "Uh, excuse me, my queen, but... what tradition?"
She nods. "I will. Just come over if you would like to talk with me. ... I have the feeling you boys have a lot to talk about."
Dean's mind is already elsewhere. "Steve", he chuckles. "Now, that was a thing. I... I regret we didn't spend more time together when you were human. I... You know, throwing you out of the bunker back then was maybe the hardest thing I ever had to do. Or thought I had to do."
Dean feels a hysterical fit coming on. "Oh... Now that's crappy timing, Billie." Laughter rises up in his chest, mixed with sobbing. Helplessly, he lets himself slide down the wall, laughing and crying so hard that it almost feels he could die from it. He does not, of course.
", the Doctor exclaims, relieved to be able to change the topic. "Yes", she agrees, scrunching up her face. "There seems to be
"Jeez. You are supposed to have heaps of popular knowledge, after Metatron pulled that stunt on you."
The knight of light sighs. "I meant, apparently the violent approach seems to be the wrong approach here. I, uh, there seem to be trip hazards in place, and every time I attack, they are activated so that I just fall to the ground. It is as if we are not meant to subdue it in a violent manner." A brooding expression appears on his face. "Of course, I could circumvent those trip lines and just use my grace to..."
"Dangerous creatures!", Dean exclaims. "Our specialty." Instead of letting Castiel speak, he declares "We would be happy to solve this problem for you, Your Majesty."
It is quite bizarre to not see a reaction from all the passers-by when through the tear, a creature appears.
Dean blinks, blinded by the sun. A few blinks later, he realizes that he is standing on a meadow. When he turns around, to his relief, Cas is standing there. He pulls him into a hug. A long one. He only pulls away when his cell phone chimes. It is Sam on the other end. "Hey, Sammy. I'm afraid you have to pick us up. Wait, what? All of them?"
With a knowing glance, Amara looks at Dean and sighs. Raising her hands, she starts mumbling in Enochian. Behind her, a portal opens.
"Space?", Dean asks. "Does that mean we're in space?" He contemplates the three people in front of them. Two women, a man (a
Because Castiel cannot cook, he instead helps Dean with the dishes afterwards. "Dean...", he starts.
"I know. I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You are destructive, and you are angry, and you are broken. You're “daddy's blunt instrument.” And you think that hate and anger, that is... That is what drives you, that is who you are. It is not. And everyone who knows you sees it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love. You raised your little brother for love. You fought for this whole world
Somewhat belated, panic sets in, and Dean's mind is trying to find a mitigating addition, something, just
Sam almost chokes, snorting out coffee through his nose. "You... wait, what?" He stares at Cas, then back at Dean. "I thought you were trying to pick up some chicks."
"You can't get past that. Fine. Right. ... I didn't want to discuss that in length at all, you know." He laughs, trying not to sound hurt. "I was more thinking along the lines of Dean Winchester and his angel. Because there seems to be some tension."
"Yeah, he did. Not very subtle of me, I guess." Dean smiles at the memory. Some seconds later, his face falls. "Ah, shit. And then..."
Claire huffs in disbelief. "What do you mean, what am I doing here? The police came and told me that my father was dead and showed his body to me." She scoffs. "Of course, they thought I was a psychopath or something when I didn't cry at the sight. Good thing Jody is very convincing when it comes to such things. But, Dean, what the hell happened to Castiel?", she asks, concern creeping into her voice. "Is... Is he okay?"
). They seem harmless enough, but then again, a lot of monsters do look harmless at first glance. "So, you're... what? Aliens?"
"They're all gone", Dean explains. "Bobby, Charlie. Everyone except Sam and Jack is gone." He sighs. "Chuck is upping his game, it seems." He wonders why he is so calm about it. He should be despairing about it, should he not? Then he glances up at the figure in a trenchcoat standing in front of him.
"Oh." Jack blurts out in laughter. "So you are not only devastatingly handsome, you are also a badass
"You offered to go with me", Dean remembers. "You actually would have come along to die together with me if I had let you." He swallows. "I... I think almost losing you to Lucifer was a sort of catalyst. Not that I admitted to myself that my feelings were... you know, but... Afterwards, every time you did something stupid, I'd be terrified. And, uh..."
"Sam...", Yaz begins. "Not that it is any of my business, but... Your brother and your friend, are they..."
Cas frowns, and in this moment Dean knows that this is the real Cas he is talking to. Not a figment of his imagination. Not a dream.
He chuckles awkwardly. "If I knew how, I would. But I don't know how to begin. Um. Dean, he's, ... uh... it's complicated."
"Shh", she says with a smile, not taking her eyes off Castiel and Dean. "I call this tradition 'helping out friends'."
Truth be told, the animated Castiel is not looking too well, his outline being somewhat blurry and his skin tone very pale.
For a moment, Castiel just freezes. But then he leans into it, bringing up his hands to Dean's hair.
"She is saying... 'Creation's Shadow. The Great Nothing. The resting place for everything this is from Heaven and Hell. I am calling to you. I am the Darkness, and I compel you to appear before me."
flirt with me." He huffs. "Now, the good Doctor said something about saving the world, so should we get to it and maybe find another access point for the engine?"
Dean shrugs it off. "Yeah, well. Yesterday's news." He continues. "Uh, I'm afraid, at first we mostly searched Cas out because we needed his powers and such. I'm not sure when exactly this changed. I... uh..."
"Thank you", Castiel replies. He pauses, then adds "Do you have a task for me, honored Queen of Moondoor?"
Jack shoots Dean a smile. "How's the engine coming?" He scoots closer to the engine, right into Dean's personal space.
They are both leaning into the touch, awfully close to each other, and Dean can feel his throat going dry.
