Sherlock tells him to leave, but that’s the last thing he will do now. It’s no use anyway.
Apparently, Sherlock hadn't noticed him come back either, entirely concentrating on the little girl on his lap, telling her facts about elephants.
John smiled against his neck, pushing his nose into Sherlock’s hair, nuzzling him gently. “Let’s focus on what we get for sure. We’ll have this,” he whispered against his nape. “Until the summer ends.”
John’s smile widened and he pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips from upside down.
"She didn't wake when you played earlier," John answers, trying not to sound too disappointed. "I just … I'd love to hear it again."
“Why would you apologise?” John whispers, shaking his head disbelievingly.
He had focussed on his books on bee culture, on chemical experiments and had found interest in gardening – or rather the consistency of different plant fibres – which is what Karla thought initially when he started taking different samples. In exchange for the torment on her poor plants, he agreed to water them after he was done experimenting.
Sherlock opened his eyes, blinking at John several times. “I’ll administer you an antidote to prevent your body from responding to any of the morphine."
“I do, too,” Sherlock croaked. His heart was beating so quickly and terribly painfully that he thought it wanted to jump out of his chest. More and more people found their partners, some grinning disbelievingly and reluctantly and others rather eager to dance. Nobody was loitering about at the sides of the hall anymore, and the bar was almost empty. The floor was filled with people and more people.
»So? That doesn’t mean I want to spend time with him. Least of all on Christmas Day.«
"Oh, I'm certain you will be. John even more so." Mycroft's voice turns more earnest now.
»Adventurous, are we?« John huffed a soft burst of laughter and pressed a little kiss to the corner of his lips.
“So you’ll finally talk to John, for heaven’s sake!”
Sherlock plunges his tongue into his mouth and moves his hips, brushing their straining erections against one another once more before he pulls back. "These pants need to go. Immediately."
Sherlock nodded and rested his head on John’s shoulder. Who would have known waking up with someone could be this nice?
He even taught him his tricks of his volleyball repertoire. Bill said he never shared those with anyone, so Sherlock guessed something about him intrigued John.
“I suppose you have no choice, sweetheart. They ain’t getting better,” John laughed, taking the first sip from his plastic cup.
A bright, continuous giggle and a dark, soft baritone are the only sounds he can focus on.
"I'm sorry," she says in her northern English accent. "But your friend is a little preoccupied at the moment."
Meanwhile, it was getting even colder in the flat and Sherlock had wrapped a blanket around his slim body. Huddling on the sofa, he tried not to let on he was freezing. He could not stop shivering, though, and John, being very observant today, noticed it of course.
John's hands wander along his thighs, brushing over the milk-white skin before they come back up to his arse, squeezing, kneading the soft flesh. More and more moans escape Sherlock's throat until he arches his back. John would smile if his mouth weren't otherwise occupied. His other hand reaches for Sherlock's. They find each other without difficulty; fingers intertwine and squeeze tightly. His other hand stays where it is, and his fingers close around his drawn-up testicles, fondling them gently in his hand while his thumb runs carefully over his perineum, making Sherlock keen beneath him. "Like that, ha, yes. Yes! Hmm …" John reaches further back until he finds his entrance and rubs over it
“Sherlock, I’m so sorry,” John whispered, “but this isn’t at all what I’ve been doing these past weeks when I wasn’t here. I would never cheat on you. I
A quiet moan broke free from Sherlock’s chest. “Says the more socially adept one of the both of us.”
. It’s nothing personal. Going to this Christmas party is–« Sherlock stopped and then spit out the next word as if he was relieved not to have it on his tongue anymore, »
“Sherlock…” It was John’s voice.
John shrugged. “I think mine’s perfectly all right,
John turns around to glance at him, a frown appearing on his face. What on earth could he mean by that? "I don't–“
“I like what we’re doing,” he breathed, “I liked everything about last night, too. But …”
“Who’s that someone then?” Karla asked and turned to look at him.
John shakes his head, huffing a laugh. "She couldn't have possibly chosen a worse time."
Sherlock leant into the touch, pushing up into John’s fist and moaning when he felt so much friction at once, from John’s hand and his hard length.
"Whatever I can do, I will," she says. "I've changed the time of my break so that I'm off-duty for now to help you out."
When two fingers brushed the underside of his jaw, Sherlock eventually opened his eyes again for the third time. It was still dark.
John held him until the trembling wore off a little and then pulled him back into the pillows, drawing up the covers. Sherlock hesitantly rested his head on John’s shoulder as another arm folded protectively around him.
“Easy,” John caressed his cheek with the knuckles of his fingers. “I know, love. But you’ll get there. We’ll get there.”
Sherlock brings his leg between John’s and grinds it against his middle, making him gasp into the kiss – an opportunity that Sherlock uses to his advantage instantly. His tongue darts between John’s lips to find his counterpart in his mouth.
Sorry, love. I won’t be back before 7. I had to take over a few hours of Turner’s shift. –J
“All right,” he murmurs as his hand sinks back onto the sheets.
He imagined himself in compromising yoga poses. No, this definitely wasn’t an option. He wouldn’t. He
“Not hungry.”
“Okay. That’s something.” John shifted beside Sherlock and reached into his pocket, revealing a little cylindrical box. “I almost forgot.”
Sherlock clicks the case closed, running his fingers over the beautiful leather, and for a second John wishes those fingers were trailing over his very own skin. He clears his throat in embarrassment. Sherlock doesn't seem to have noticed.
"You… you know what I mean." John waves his hand around, finding it hard to say what he wishes to, finding it difficult to admit what he did, to apologise the way he should.
“No empty promises tonight, then?” John teases him as he rests his forehead against Sherlock’s.
“There are enough homophobic people here. I don’t want either of us to get into trouble.”
“Because we didn’t know about it. She changed her identities the way you change your dressing gowns.”
“A lot better,” he mumbled softly. “Thank you.”
They follow her, not realising Rosie threw away her little pink elephant, leaving it behind on the living room floor.
“Holidays are for relaxing, right? So why don’t you join us this one time? Your muscles look like they’d enjoy some loosening up.”
John’s eyes settled on his knees for a moment and he nodded as if he tried to convince Sherlock that he understood now, but Sherlock knew he still found it strange; and suddenly John’s head snapped up and Sherlock was sure he knew the nature of John’s next question.
»Don’t hold back,« John breathed into Sherlock’s mouth. »I want to hear you.«
"I have no idea what you're talking about," John answered, but his grin mirrored Sherlock's.
John chuckles, but then the conversation turns serious. He doesn't want to talk about the funeral, but Sherlock forced him to watch him die and left him behind thinking he was actually dead. Making him aware how much that hurt is not a great payback, but nobody can't deny him the occasional reminder of how that was more than
Sherlock finds John's wallet he left back pocket of his jeans and takes out the small business card of––
Sherlock lost track of how long they stood in the middle of the room, kissing, tasting, touching, breathing. John's hands ghosted over Sherlock's back while Sherlock's were resting on John's hips. When he felt his fingers at the second button of his shirt – he had left the first one unbuttoned – he opened his eyes, looking down into John's. Open, kind, waiting.
Their faces were only inches apart.
“That wouldn’t even be a lie,” John replied and closed both hands around Sherlock’s. “How are you feeling?”
“Mike, stop it.”
“A nanny.” It isn’t even a question.
February, 09: 59 am
John froze on the spot. He’d never expected Sherlock would get so worked up over a goddamn Christmas present.
“I’m sorry the timing is so inappropriate for your intentions,” Sherlock said coldly.
“You’ve met me. You should know.”
John grinned and buried his stubbly cheeks in Sherlock’s neck. “Noted.”
Hearing this, he immediately sneaked through the corridor, but then stopped. He'd go to look for him in his room first, so this was certainly not an option. How he dreaded whatever was about to happen! He simply couldn't face John. Not now. Not until … not until he would be able to look at him again and not hurt all over and inside. John could break through all his walls with only a look, only a smile, only a couple of kind words. He had already managed it once, and Sherlock knew he would again. And again and again and again until he had nothing left to guard himself with.
“Are you now? It’s hardly my fault you make a … rather vivid appearance in my dreams,” Sherlock answered, at which John grinned widely.
That made John chuckle, and this time, Sherlock joined in.
»Do you … do you need help decorating the rest of the flat?«
“It's cold,” he whispered, resting his cheek against John’s knee, and John could see his entire body was shivering and trembling.
»Bull’s eye!« he grinned as he formed another snowball.
“She seemed to be glad about that,” John smiled warmly.
“I dreamt I was taking you home to introduce you. My father was there,” he began. Meaning he shouldn’t have been there. “They got a divorce when I was sixteen. I don’t know what he was doing there.”
“Had,” Sherlock corrected them. They never got the tenses right.
Sherlock closed his eyes. It was just a one-off. John probably just tried to be nice. He didn’t know where to put his hands because Sherlock occupied every available space. It was nothing special. It was not going to happen again so he should stop daydreaming.
John smiled warmly. “Great.” He walked down the steps. “Goodnight.”
Sherlock’s voice was preferable to the wet sounds he hears now.
“Do you?”
____________________
“I thought of you,” Sherlock said truthfully and rested his forehead against John’s because if he’d locked eyes with John’s, a sob might have escaped his throat.
The taller man was cautious not to pull him too close even though he wanted to. He wanted to fold both arms around John and feel him press against his body. He wanted to run a hand over John’s chest, cup his cheek with the other and lean down to peck John’s lips; kiss him, taste him, melt into the soft and affectionate touches with which John would seduce him.
“Girlfriend trouble?” she inquired with her prominent German accent.
»Come on, John, he wasn’t that attractive and he was pretty dense, too. I wouldn’t have chosen him.«
John already moved to get up again, prepared to do whatever task Sherlock still has for him, but the firm press of his hand against John’s shoulder stops him. “Wh–“
inspired me to write this chapter when she told me about her headcanon that John makes Sherlock wear hideous Christmas jumpers because he thinks Sherlock looks like a precious snowflake in them.
His other hand appeared at the back of his neck, just under his hair on which he tugged lightly, causing Sherlock's mouth to fall opened wider. He felt as if he was on fire. Every little touch made him fall faster, deeper into the abyss, but he wasn't afraid because John was falling with him, and as long as he could hold onto John, everything would be okay.
»What’s so funny about that?« the detective asked, leaning against the doorframe with his arms crossed.
“The pips. American secret societies used to send out dried seeds, melon seeds for instance, or orange pips …”
Sherlock is breathing a little faster now.
Sherlock shrugged and closed his eyes again; he felt so comfortable right now. »You
As always, thank you so much for your patience and your wonderful feedback. It warms my heart <3
People always used being gay as an insult, and only eventually did Sherlock manage to ignore it and brush it off – when he realised that he wasn’t. It didn’t apply to him. He wasn’t into men but he wasn’t into women either. He simply didn’t feel things that way, and when he found out that such a thing as asexuality existed, it was the label he felt most comfortable with. His stupid bullies were wrong. He could prove them wrong.
“I burn quickly.”
He’s already at the door.
Sherlock leant into the touch with a little reluctance, but John didn’t notice. Why didn’t he ask him what caused Sherlock to hesitate? Why didn’t he notice? He
“Elephant,” Sherlock corrects her, raising his index finger. “E-le-phant.”Rosie repeats herself. “
“You’re right there. I agree with you wholeheartedly,” John answered sincerely and reached for his hand, gently caressing his knuckles. “But we only just got to have this. I don’t want other people to spoil it. Not right at the start. Let’s enjoy this and not cause a riot. You’re still recovering.”
John closes his eyes in defeat. “Yes,” he answers, squeezing her hand. “Very good.”
John lets him go reluctantly. There are so many questions he wants to ask, so many answers he needs, but most importantly, he doesn't want to be alone right now.
just in case you're interested. I really loved it as a child :)
John’s thumb runs over Sherlock’s sharp cheekbone, caressing the rosy skin beneath it. There’s no rush anymore now. Just languid kisses and heavy breaths.
The beat picked up more and John swung them around now, allowing Sherlock a little solo as he lifted his arms to let him turn and to meet him again on his way back.
“No, actually I’d rather not know,” Mike laughed and took a sip from his beer.
Sherlock frowns as though he has stated the most idiotic thing in the world. "I already told you. You're always welcome here, John." His eyes are sharper and more piercing than he has ever seen them. "This is your home, too. It has been even when you–," he hesitates, "even when you didn't live here."
The pumpkin looked wonderful, scary but happy, and with a candle that Rosie had put inside, it tinted the living room into a soft and cosy atmosphere. John had used parts of the fruit pulp and made delicious pumpkin soup with the secret recipe of Sherlock’s mother. The leftovers had found their way into pumpkin cupcakes with chocolate sprinkles. Obviously, Sherlock was
“God, what have I done,” John breathed, giving Sherlock’s exact thought a voice, and reached for Sherlock’s hand. The only part of their bodies touching.
time this month. The Christmas break was merely one week away and he was grateful for it. He had borne the constant presence of idiotic people around him for far too long and yearned for the liberating atmosphere of being alone once more, dedicating his time to more important matters than the upcoming annual Christmas disco.
“Hope your shoes are shining,” she said, running red lipstick along her full lips.
“You would have known him by Ajay.”
He let his hand wander underneath the blanket and into his pants, closing his palm around his already aching shaft. A soft moan escaped his lips. Normally, he did a quick job of this – it was never about pleasure for him, only an inconvenience that had to be taken care of so he could focus again – but right now, he knew he wasn't going to rush it. He indulged in the feeling, imagining John's sun-tanned body, the way the drops of water made his naked skin gleam in the light. His hair was darker when wet, and messy, and Sherlock wished he knew if its texture was as soft as it looked.
Maybe this was finally the right moment.
“All right?”
Irene still hadn’t given him given the train ticket back, still denied having nicked it in the first place while she had her “oh-come-on, darling” face on with her winks and her apologetic smirk. Sherlock had never befriended a more atrocious liar.
“Well, there are enough twats walking this earth.” He pronounced it in an American way just as Rosie had. “It wouldn’t be surprising if people gave them a purpose and used them as decoration.”
for listening.” There was a drowsy smile on John’s lips and Sherlock kissed it off them. It tasted sweet and mellifluous and he didn’t want it to end. The fact that John trusted him with all the things he had told him tonight relieved him immensely.
John snorted. “Guess why.” He turned the ball in his hands. “Shall we?”
»So you’ve done this before?« John asked.
Sherlock didn’t bother to dignify him with an answer. Obviously there still wasn’t case! Would he be here sulking and on the edge of despair if there was a case?
»Because Hans would’ve had to marry the princess and she’s arrogant and only cares about her appearance! They wouldn’t have been happy together so Hans is lucky he became the Nutcracker. Only that way, he met Clara! And Clara frees him when she breaks the spell.« Alison looked at him very proudly.
Sherlock.
»Why are you behaving like Ebenezer Scrooge for God’s sake!« Sherlock was furious now. Lunging, he slammed his hand on the table, forcing Mycroft to look up at him.
“Don’t play it down.”
“I didn’t want to go, but she insisted. She moved to Manchester the day after that and I did her a favour,” Sherlock muttered.
Sherlock readjusted his position, so he was facing John. The jealousy subsided a little, but a hint remained. It would probably always remain, even though he was aware that it was ridiculous. There have been other people in John's life – and that was good. They had made him who he was now. He wished he could voice those thoughts without sounding like an idiot.
“Hello, John!” she welcomed him when she saw the young man beside her grandson. “It’s so nice to meet you. I’m Karla.” She shook his hand excitedly.
It is the first thing he would change if he had the chance.
Only that.
"What a shame," she replied in mock-dismay. "May I use your mirror? I calculated I could do my make-up here while releasing you from your scruples about tonight."
“Sherlock–“
Mrs Hudson chuckles lightly. "You should see the two of them together. Sherlock loves her. Absolutely adorable! The other day, they were playing with dolls. It seemed like Sherlock was much more into it than our sweet Rosie was! Oh, if only I knew how to work with those new phones, I would have taken a photo and shown you!"
Sherlock didn’t dwell on the incident. He didn’t broach the subject again and he didn’t tell John he knew he had told him a lie because he was sure now. There had been a tiny glimpse of guilt and sorrow in John’s eyes when he looked at him the next morning and Sherlock was certain that something was wrong here.
“She had a crush on me, but–“
Sherlock sat down slowly, still a bit confused as to why John would ask him to stay. Sitting cross-legged next to his friend he voiced the thought he didn’t mean to actually say out lout. »Surely this isn’t what normal flatmates do–« Why did this have to slip out now?! Keep yourself together!!
“My mother would be delighted, and you would make the visit much more bearable. Not to mention that I would really … appreciate it,” he cleared his throat, not knowing how to read the look John was given him. Was it an amused grin? “In fact, I’d like you to come … very much."
About two hours after their arrival, Sherlock made his way through the mess on the dance floor to the men’s lavatory. He hadn’t caught sight of John or the others since Mike left the bar to find them and Sherlock supposed there was no need to go looking for them as the chances of actually finding anyone in his current state were virtually zero.
It was the sixth time they’d got back together if Sherlock remembered correctly.
The snowball in his face wouldn’t let him finish the sentence. »Better?«
Sherlock’s hand moved back down again, playing with the waistband of John’s pyjama bottoms, not quite sure if he should cross this boundary.
“Yes?”
"Tonight, then," he announced, almost too quickly. It made John laugh. It was the most beautiful sight to see in this world.
"Mike's staying at home. It's too hot for him apparently." He shrugged. "Bill and Greg said they'd come to the beach in an hour."
(See the end of the chapter for
John pulled back and peppered Sherlock’s neck with kisses, licks, little bites. His breaths started to come out more quickly, shallowly.
She watched him intently, but her gaze was gentle, waiting for him to continue.
“Stop underestimating yourself,” Sherlock huffs out a laugh, winding both arms around him tightly and burying his fingers in his hair. He pulls him up and kisses him lazily but lovingly nonetheless.
Sherlock immediately refused when John offered.
“Yes?” John’s smile was full of amusement, making Sherlock blush even redder.
“No, not towards either of them.”
The way to the beach seemed endless, but he helped John as best he could, moving them forward with his other leg. It felt as though someone had put a heavy weight on him, grabbing him tightly by the calf, digging daggers into his flesh and pulling him down into the abyss of the sea.
Sherlock burst into laughter, “Seriously?”
Sherlock couldn't have anticipated that their first big fight would have such an enormous impact on the way he perceived relationships. He knew now how quickly one could lose everything, how effortlessly everything could slip through his fingers just like sand when one said just one imprudent word. This was the reason why this feeling business was so complicated; why he avoided it.
“Says the one who almost ended up in hospital because of it,” John chided him, but Sherlock knew he had enjoyed the excitement just as much as he had at some point.
›That’s what you say every time you’re suffering from boredom,‹ John had told him with a smile before he left for work.
His voice broke at the end of the sentence. “Don’t you dare touch me ever again!”
There's this wicked grin on his face.
»What makes you assume we got up to much?«
He looked up at Sherlock to make sure he was all right.
John’s hand retreated to Sherlock’s hip. A constant presence, a light but grounding pressure.
It was a Friday morning and John texted him.
Sherlock has already read his thoughts, though. Obviously. “Second drawer,” he tells him. John reaches forward and opens it.
“Be careful,” John told him apprehensively. He hated the discomfort in John’s voice.
“Not a word or this was it," he threatened, his voice was low and blusterous.
Until the doorbell rings.
“We need bomb disposal.”
Silence engulfed them for another few moments before John continued.
“No, of course not–“
“You look pretty hot.”
"But we're trying, and that's what matters," he whispers against her skin.
after all? If it was true, he would have to face it sooner or later; there was no use in denying it. “Because I think he would like to meet you, too.”
When their tongues found one another, Sherlock gasped and pulled back, his lips still on John’s. “Okay, maybe I do a bit,” he breathed, making John laugh quietly.
Sherlock knelt down on one knee. “One more insult, and you’ll wish you hadn’t come here alone.”
“I … I’m, … oh
“I’ll hire you.”
Sherlock is screaming.
John came back a few more times; they kept talking about the mundane things Sherlock normally would get bored of quickly. Next year will be John's fifth year studying medicine. He was studying at the King's College in London and shared a dorm with Mike and Bill. He worked in a coffee shop when he wasn't visiting lectures and recently helped Mike's uncle build a gigantic garden shed for a bit of money; that's where he got the calluses. He played rugby when he still found a minute of free time and told him he loved sports in general.
moment that made him wonder if John was still as in love as he pretended to be.
Sherlock ran a hand through his hair. It was no use now. He couldn’t go back in time; he couldn’t take the words back that he didn’t even want to say. John meant so much to him. So much more than he could ever let on or even admit or voice.
John keeps pressing against the wound, desperately trying to breathe in and out steadily, and failing miserably.
“Just a little longer, John. Just–“ His voice breaks. “If you can hear me, please, …
Sherlock gave a small laugh. “Tell me about it. My older brother isn’t any better. Just that he usually feels the need to solve my problems, putting his nose in other people’s business and never minding his own.”
noticed. “I can’t.”
“If I have the pleasure of ruining your hair, I thought I might as well do it properly,” John teased as Sherlock brushed his wet curls out of his face.
John got up and walked out of the room. Meanwhile, Sherlock died of shame. He felt terrible. Why had he taken the pill in the first place? Oh right, to forget. God, was he stupid.
“Choose what?”
Sherlock opened the door with some difficulty and pushed it open. John sat on the bed, looking up at him. »I thought you might like some …,« the detective cleared his throat.
But nevertheless, he was worried. He had never done this with another person before; he didn't know what was expected of him, and he had hoped he would have a bit more time to find out the dynamics of this. Did John really want to jump into his pants after less than a week? Sherlock took a deep breath and considered pulling away. God, he had never felt this pressured.
»I see nothing changes, even on Christmas Day,« Mycroft sighed as he passed them on the way to the kitchen.
“Yes, I have,” Sherlock answered and cleared his throat, willing away the bad memories. “Just not with the right people.”
“But you were just a kid,” John countered.
is what he thinks but doesn't dare to ask.
“What’s wrong, love?” she asked, looking at him in the mirror.
There were good-to-see-you-kisses and you’re-an-idiot-kisses and I-just-couldn’t-resist-kisses, pecks on the cheek, noses, foreheads, hair.
“I haven’t lied to you, John.”
He is nervous.
Sherlock pulls away in a long,     s     l     o     w ,     delicious motion, and that almost does it for John. Everything inside him prickles.
When he came back, Sherlock raised the glass to his lips and drank it slowly. The light taste of lemon spread on his tongue, prickling a little.
The next morning, John wakes to Rosie's happy babbling, the sizzling of a pan, cutlery clanking and a familiar smell of bacon and eggs wafting through this usually so empty house.
They sat in the sand in silence for a while, but it was not uncomfortable. He liked that it wasn’t. They could do this, merely spend time in each other’s company, letting their own thoughts wander, without feeling the pressure to engage in a conversation or meaningless small talk. It was something Sherlock enjoyed very much. They sipped at their drinks every now and again, watching the sea come closer and retreat once more as the sun was going down. He had never felt so content. He never wanted this summer to end. Ever. He wanted to stay by John’s side for the rest of his life. And of course, that was a ridiculous thought, wasn’t it? It would all come to an end eventually.
He doesn't know how it happened, but the nightmares subsided gradually. He doesn't know if these dreams are necessarily more pleasant, though, either.
On his own and bored.
, to finally
Sherlock's chest felt tight, as though he was drowning under the wild waves, pulling him down with their mighty force like they had done a few days ago for an entirely different reason. John wouldn't think any less of him even if they never went any further, but Sherlock knew he would love it like it if they did, and yet a terrible part of him always filled his head with dreadful doubts.
John laughed at this. »You realised you’ve been smiling pretty often recently, didn’t you? In fact, you’re smiling right now.«
alone! Shoving your dirt in our faces every day in public on the beach and then tonight at our festival. We don’t wanna see that!”
“Hey, John,” Sherlock whispers softly. Their faces are so close. It’s all so horribly wrong.
He helps him discard his pants and quickly gets rid of his own, giving Sherlock the chance to take in the view as well, as he kneels between his legs, leaning forward on his arms. John has never been shy about his length; his past lovers never complained about it.
"Well, the summer is long, and we all love watching films."
They pulled apart, falling back into the sand and looking up in the sky. If there was one moment in which Sherlock would stop all clocks, which was an utterly ridiculous thought, he knew that, but if he could, it would be this one. Pure and simple.
“She left him to die that day in Tbilisi, but he made it out just barely. He would have craved death; certainly, it would have been better than what he went through. Torture, pain; day in, day out.”
“Perfect,” he answered, not willing to pull back quite yet, but John made him.
“It looks like one from afar,” Sherlock agreed.
________________________________________
The heavy door creaks open, and a gust of cold wind blows into their facts when they step outside. Sherlock's hand trembles in John's – that view isn't exactly unfamiliar to him. Neither is it to John. He's been up here countless times after Sherlock's, well, death. If Eurus has chosen this place to torment their souls even further, well, that was a shrewd move. Very clever indeed.
He cannot possibly fall asleep again now.
"The stories from their youth are quite thrilling," Sherlock said with a smile as he thought about dark, cosy evenings he spent in their living room in front of the fire. Those were good times; times that weren't so rough.
But then he lets go of himself and reaches for his pants, tugging them down and off to have better access. He pulls up both knees, resting the soles of his feet flat on the mattress, letting his legs fall open as wide as he can. His pants no longer restrain him now.
And then, as soon as the chorus was sung for the first time, they somehow seemed to move in unison and in perfect step. They started to create a choreography almost on their own.
Sherlock looks at him for a seemingly endless moment. Then he looks straight into John's eyes. "No," he answers, and it feels as if a huge weight is lifted from John's shoulders. "I have once written a song about her, but this one … this one isn't. What made you think it was?"
“Most of them were meaningless one-night stands, nothing serious. I thought I was in a serious relationship recently, but she didn’t think of it that way.”
“John, please wake up!
“Feeling better?” Sherlock asked, his tone worried. He placed one hand on John’s that was twisting the fabric of his shirt between his fingers and the other on John’s shoulder, drawing what he hoped were soothing circles on his skin.
Sherlock did as he was told even though he knew all this. “You know, we learnt this at school.”
"It's okay, John, really. I was just asking whether we should order dessert."
“Most gladly,” John replied, “you just have to get rid of the shirt first.”
, he admonished himself, sighing quietly.
Sherlock carefully makes his way to his chair, trying not to step on any of Rosie's myriad of toys. He's eyeing John in this peculiar way of his, examining, calculating. John flushes. Might be the alcohol, might be Sherlock's intense stare, might be both.
“All right.”
He didn’t know what to do. Something between his legs had definitely just twitched. What was he
“I’m not prejudiced,” Sherlock said vehemently. No, he trusted him.
Sherlock lays the table and then locks eyes with him. "Indeed.”
“Would you look at that,” Mike said, observing the scene from afar while the two of them headed to the dance floor. He was not much of a dancer, Sherlock presumed. At least not the enthusiastic drunk dancer such as Greg and Bill. To be quite honest, he could not quite figure out what kind of dancer John was. He could picture him along with Greg and Bill once he was drunk enough, but right now, he seemed rather civilised. Perhaps it was for Sherlock’s sake.
“I don’t mind,” Sherlock protested and closed the space between them again. John chuckled softly and pulled him closer, taking his lower lip between his own. Sucking, nibbling, teasing gently. It was celestial.
John shook his head with a fond grin and took the bags upstairs to his room.
»You really love him, don’t you,« Mycroft stated and leant back in his chair. »You’re being in a complete tizzy, trying to make me come home for Christmas dinner. It’s ridiculous.«
“The pasta is perfect, Mrs Holmes,” John said when he took his first bite.
“I’m making no promises,” Sherlock answered apologetically before they started the match.
He sunk into a dreamless sleep for a few hours, but around midnight, that changed.
John chuckled and caressed the soft skin between Sherlock’s forefinger and thumb. “Good, I hope.”
“At least tell me how Rosie is,” John pleads, wanting him to keep talking, to drown out the loud buzzing inside his head.
Sherlock let out a soft moan. Who would have thought a small touch like this could make him forget about all inhibitions already?
As if he had guessed his thoughts, John pressed a little deeper until it was completely buried inside him, and a second finger was already eager to join the first. He pulled out and pushed back in with two at a time. The stretch felt unfamiliar but not unwelcome. He gasped at being opened like this, automatically pushing down onto John’s fingers, craving more. His cock rubbed against John’s belly, and the moan that escaped him was enough for John to increase his efforts. He turned them around so that Sherlock was on top of him, their cocks aligned and his fingers, somehow, still inside him.
Had they almost drifted apart because of a dog? Was that it? It couldn’t be. It just couldn’t.
“John.”
Sherlock kept pondering over why John chose
The fresh air is excellent and makes him forget the all too familiar ache a little, but when he stands on the step of 221B and opens the door, he’s out of breath and feels as if he has run a marathon. He has never been more relieved to be home.
, he thought.
“Almost looked rehearsed,” commented Mike. “Like in a musical.”
»God.« John rubbed the bridge of his nose with a smile. »Come here,« he said and stepped closer towards Sherlock when he didn’t show a sign of moving.
He isn’t looking at him, but he can hear him take a deep breath. He wants to give consolation without knowing how. Something John can relate to very much.
He couldn't keep his hands still anymore. He wanted to touch and explore John the way he would with him. His fingers ghosted over John's shirt, up over his chest, feeling his nipple and brushing it lightly until it hardened under his hand. A gasp came from John's mouth, and Sherlock repeated the motion. He wanted to elicit the same sounds from John's throat that he couldn't hold back either.
“Sherlock,” his grandma admonished. “Don’t talk about him like this. He is a good big brother.”
Gasping, John craned his head to give Sherlock better access.
Sherlock inched closer to his straining cock, nose buried in the thin hair just above it. He could spend ages just looking at it, memorising every protruding vein. He couldn't wait to taste him on his tongue, to run his lips along the hard length, to lick at the tip and savour the pre-come that gathered there. He wanted to know what John's reactions would be, so instead of wasting any more time, he pressed little kisses to the root, languidly kissing his way up to the tip. John cursed above him, reaching down to grip the sheets.
“No, I’m not
»Nothing’s changed,« Sherlock said and rolled his eyes.
His grandma insisted on searching an old photo album from Sherlock’s childhood. She had always taken lots of pictures when he was little, he remembered, taking one whenever something exciting happened, which was almost all the time.
After a short while, John shifts to pull out carefully and rests his head on Sherlock’s chest. It takes an eternity to fill their lungs with enough oxygen to find their voices again. “That – that was – phenomenal,” Sherlock tells him; his voice sounds rough and hoarse. John looks up at him. His lips are reddened and swollen. He’s smiling, and his smile is contagious. It always has been.
He didn’t return for hours.
6) Molly
“Fff– fuck, Jo– Johnnnn– ah!”
“There’s a little tube of lubricant in your bedside drawer. Can you reach for it?”
“They only have orange pumpkins at Tesco’s.”
Sherlock just shook his head, reaching for John's hand, wanting to wrap both arms and legs around him, hold him, and never let him go.
“Are you sure you can manage?” She pulls him out of his thoughts.
Sherlock was doing it right, then. At least until now. The positive reactions spurred him on to try to take in a little more. He lowered his head and kept sucking, endeavouring to keep breathing in and out through his nose in a steady rhythm. One hand slid off John's hip and closed around the base of his cock. This was a lot better. It gave him more control.
Their tongues found one another almost instantly, gliding against each another without haste. Sherlock leant backwards, against the sheets, pulling John down with him, his hands gently guiding him down by the shoulders. John all too happily complied.
“You proved your point. Are you happy now?” Sherlock asked him. His face was paler than John had ever seen it and beads of sweat glistened on his forehead.
"Hmm, who knows how long you would have kept everything from me if I hadn't. Those doubts you have are immeasurable," Sherlock murmurs against his chest. "You should be thankful I made you confess."
It’s quiet, again.
“And I bet that you can’t wait either to take it off of me again either once we get home afterwards.” His lewd, suggestive voice made it even harder for John to let go of him again. But now was not the time. Not when Rosie was waiting for them to help her with her costume.
John chuckled and bumped against Sherlock’s a little harder in return.
“But I
would have such a deep meaning to John. He also hadn’t anticipated John would tell him all of it. It was hard for him; that much was obvious.
“I looked after you all night, making sure you didn’t choke on your own vomit!”
Let me know what you think and see you next time :)
They stood in the middle of their sitting room, legs shaking and hearts beating loudly. Sherlock never wanted to let go again.
“My train ticket,” Sherlock clarified, visibly furious now. “I knew you’d use every means in your power to get me to come on Friday, but I did not expect you to go through my possessions!”
»Isn’t this enough?« John pressed a gentle kiss to his temple.
Tears welled up in Sherlock’s eyes, but he blinked them back angrily. He pushed past John and grabbed his clothes with as much dignity as possible. His hands were shaking and his knees trembling, and when he remembered that the last time that this was the case, everything was still fine – perfect even – the situation only worsened.
"Well, if someone comes along, I might go for it, but I'm not desperate," John told him. "I don't throw myself at people. See, I'm not that bad."
John leant forward and their noses brushed lightly when John stopped before his lips and whispered, »good morning, love,« and then captured Sherlock’s mouth in a languid and sleepy kiss.
His breaths were shallow, and he knew he was close, but it was just not enough yet. He was just a few more strokes away from release, but he needed more. God, it was agonising.
He turns his attention back to Sherlock, who was still smiling. Not smugly. Innocently. Sheepishly. “Because you had things to say.”
»I expected you’d notice sooner, but you didn’t apparently,« Sherlock sighed theatrically.
Sherlock hummed, unable to form another word, his throat hurt terribly and his voice wouldn’t cooperate.
Well, … almost.
»It looks beautiful,« John said who stood next to Sherlock and looked at the tree. »Well done.«
“If this was so hard for you, why did you never say anything? I told you before, you could have talked to me anytime. I still came around to visit – I still came along to cases.”
“John,” Sherlock whispered softly, running his fingers gently over his skin, not sure if he should wake him up after all.
“No, fine.”
»Why do you think so, love?« John asked with a warm smile.
“You did, and she drowned him in the well!“
“Are you going to tell us what exactly Moriarty’s going to do next?”
“Mostly, yes.”
Just like himself.
"C'mon John, you should be pleased!" Bill told him. "Still though, we're lucky Mike's house has two bathrooms, or else we'd all still be at home."
Bile rose in his gut merely imagining this. He hated how much control he had lost over his feelings, how his rationality had vanished and taken all reason with him.
_________________________________________________
»I know.« Now it was Sherlock’s turn to smile at John’s consideration and attention to his needs. »I
His eyes fall closed, and consciousness slips out of him, leaving him behind in the darkness but in safety.
"Good." A smile steals onto John's face, lightening it up, straightening out those lines of worry and sorrow that seem to have multiplied during the course of the last hours. Sherlock makes John smile, and that feels good. "Now we have to help our daughter." John squeezes Sherlock's arm. "Tell me what I can do to help."
“You’re awake,” someone whispers; there is a hand on his own.
His heart?
John sat so close to him that Sherlock was afraid he might notice what was happening to him. He couldn't. He had to find a way to make him stop, even if he didn't want to.
Maybe John had deleted the messages. He was clever after all.
Sherlock thought what it would feel like to kiss John right now. How would he react? Would he flee? Would he freeze on the spot? Would he shove Sherlock away? Would he kiss back? What would his lips feel like, taste like? He was probably a fantastic kisser.
The man’s slimy smile reappeared on his face as he handed Sherlock the little bag without breaking eye contact. He leant closer and whispered, “Enjoy,” into his ear before he left.
, John. I took
Sherlock reached into his other shoe. John had wrapped a napkin around a couple of biscuits they’d made the day before.
“Everything.”
Karla handed John a pillow, a duvet and clean bed sheets after dinner. “There you go,” she smiled warmly. “It’s very kind of you to stay here and check on him. I think he wouldn’t be completely honest with me.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock hurried to say to calm her, earning a light kick against his foot. “At least I’m better.”
, he wondered.
When Opa Scott died many, many years ago, Karla came over to England for the funeral. It had always been his wish to be buried in his home country, even though he had felt more than at home in West Germany where he met her decades ago. She often told Sherlock about the summer of 1947 – she was only 19 years old at that time – when they met. He was a soldier, based in the British occupation zone, in what was Schleswig-Holstein today.
“John––“
Mycroft. He could just buy him chocolate like he would for his parents and watch his annoyed face once he’d deduced the content of the package. He’d probably leave early, which was very desirable. John and his parents wouldn’t approve of this hoax, though, so he had to think of something else. Maybe he’d buy him a book or write an essay. “How to lose weight successfully”
“What does he want?”
When Sherlock finally speaks up, John almost jumps as the silence is interrupted all of a sudden. "It's okay, John," he says. "You're right, you did lose control, and that's not excusable." John's heart sinks. He knows, of course he knows it's inexcusable, and it is good Sherlock has not forgiven him yet. He doesn't deserve to be forgiven, not for something as huge as this, not for beating him to a pulp and betraying his trust like this… But hearing it from Sherlock's own mouth, taking in those words feels as if another massive weight is being forced onto his shoulders. He wants to speak, but Sherlock beats him to it. "But I understand. You lost your wife. Your whole world was crumbling down in front of your eyes. You were simply overwhelmed and needed to take it out on the person you thought was responsible for it. Believe me, I do understand. When I … jumped, I reacted similarly towards Mycroft."
“Interesting thing, a tuxedo,” the man says. Why does his voice sound like Sherlock’s? Where has the Sherlock inside his head disappeared to? “Lends distinction to friends and anonymity to waiters.”
»At Christmas time,« Sherlock concluded and John nodded.
Today, it rained.
“And why wouldn’t he?”
“She sleeps about 13 hours at night. We still have some time.” Sherlock’s voice is deeper than John ever heard it, relaxed and at ease, rumbling lightly. “I checked on her earlier when she was complaining a little, but she went back to sleep quite quickly.”
Couldn’t he just get a break?
“It’s all right, John. Honestly. They barely hurt anymore. They––“
“Schweren Tag gehabt?” the female bartender asked him.
»Sherlock?« his mother called from downstairs, ending their intimate moment and making Sherlock sigh in frustration. »Could you bring in some wood for the fireplace, please?«
Sherlock couldn't help but shake his head in utter disbelief. "You went to Sussex that night. To ask my parents if you–"
»Because you’ve been in here for days. At first you were ill and now you’re desperate for a case that is a long time coming. You’ll be crushed by your own four walls if you don’t get out of here anytime soon,« John told him already grabbing his coat he only just took off.
“You should have asked her that,” Eurus remarks, a wry smile on his lips. “She called her Rosamund Mary after all. Not the best way of letting your past behind you.”
Crying.
hungry, but for something else now.”
Sherlock stared blankly at her.
Of course, he would avoid this at all cost. One of those sad smiles appears on John's lips. He only he knew that there is nothing he wants more in his life than that. Being back at Baker Street with Sherlock
“What are they doing, then?” he wanted to know. He’d never seen them play like this before.
His body fell forward. Their foreheads aligned, and Sherlock’s eyelids dropped. The tension in his shoulders made him feel heavy, but not uncomfortably so because someone was holding him up.
»Definitely.«
»No, don’t even ask. I’m not coming,« he told Sherlock.
John was right; it was very hot today, and John was definitely contributing his share to it.
“Maybe I am,” John answered and rolled onto his side. “Or maybe you’re just a quick learner.”
“I mean it.”
“Ephant,” Rosie says firmly, looking at her pink companion and then up at Sherlock.
“You seem to be an expert.”
»John,« Sherlock groaned and turned further away from him. »Just let it go.«
“You mean what you started.”
»Your old one was cracked and scratched so I thought–«
He thinks of living in an empty flat, grey and sullen, with walls closing in on him. He hears Rosie's cries and heaves himself up and out of his armchair. It's an all too familiar picture. He has already tried to live this way. It had brought him nowhere but to the edge of despair – and to the cabinet that contained the only means to make him cope. He doesn't want to live like this anymore. He simply
It's always like that with Sherlock, isn't it? Adrenaline pumping through his veins, his heart beating faster with every smile and touch and look Sherlock grants him. And John loves it. He knows he does. And he needs it, too.
The next morning, he slid out of bed rather early, trying to be as quiet and careful as he could as he snuck out of his room and left the peacefully sleeping John Watson behind in his bed. He picked up the receiver of the telephone in the small office Opa Scott had spent so many hours in, and dialled the number without thinking. It only rang once before it was picked up.
His eyes finally focus. There are little branches of trees and boughs. Oh God.
"Sherlock," he answered, and John raised his eyebrows. Now it was his turn to be amused.
He bucks his hips up into his fist, once, twice, thrice and again before he crashes back down, collapsing onto the mattress, spent, exhausted. Sated…?
“They’re very sensitive, too,” he says. “And did I mention they are clever? They are
Still more. Relief. Levity. A tingling feeling of efficacy, of achievement, of having overcome the most sophisticated obstacle.
“Hold onto me,” John told him with a warm smile and started pedalling.
“I just finished school.”
Sherlock got lost in his own thoughts, not genuinely following each and every single one; it was more of a blur than anything else. Billows of happiness clouded his mind, pulling him down deep, cutting him off from reality. Only when he heard the loud sound of approaching thunder, his lids lifted once more, and he was brought back into the here and now.
"Ring up more often, will you?" the man tells him.
Rosie interrupts him, reaching for him and making little whining noises.
“It’s Faith Smith.”
with him, being pressed against him closer than he ever dared to imagine.
“No, he never listens to anyone’s advice,” John answered with an apologetic smile and a shrug.
His heart swells with emotions, conflicting ones. He wants to say all of what he feels out loud but is afraid to do so – afraid to push Sherlock away, afraid of himself. Afraid of breaking this fragile thing of a friendship they have left.
Without hesitation, he sat up, turned around, and dug his fingers into her apron as he buried his face in the crook of her neck. He felt like a little boy again; running away from the bullies, the horrible things they said, seeking comfort in his mother’s embrace; his mother who tried to find comforting words but never could.
John doesn't know how long he has been listening, how long his eyes followed Sherlock's slim figure as he moved gracefully, coercing the sweetest notes from the instrument, but eventually, the notes ring out, fading into the darkness of the room until everything turns quiet and their breathing is the only sound that carefully cuts through the silence.
Sherlock sighed a little. He hated it when people asked about this because he couldn't take all the credit. "My brother taught me the basic stuff. The rest was more or less autodidactic."
»Did you just eat
“No, I mean, the version of you in my mind didn’t. It started with her hair colour because you couldn’t define it.”
“I’m not going anywhere this year.”
“Starting to.”
Two arms sneak around his waist from behind, and he feels soft curls tickle the side of his face as Sherlock's head comes to rest on his shoulders. “I ran you a bath,” he whispers. “It’s been a long day for all of us.”
Sherlock groaned quietly into his pillow and closed his eyes, trying to relax away the pain in his head. Even though he’d slept more than twelve hours last night, his body felt weak, his eyes burned as if someone had poured a chemical into them and his headache got worse every second. He emptied the cup of tea and fell into a feverish slumber.
“I tried to warn you, you know.”
And so it began. Sherlock is undressing John and then batting his hand away when he reaches for Sherlock's buttons, doing all the work himself. Sherlock's mouth and hands and fingers bring John's dream version close the edge every night, except for those when John cannot keep his fingers to himself.
John laughed at that. “So much for the prospective turn for the better of our justice system.”
Their chests and toes are touching; they are closer than the last time they were standing here. The fire lulls them into a hazy glow. It's almost surreal, John thinks, and he doesn't want it to end. He wants Sherlock's warm and steady hands on his back, his shoulders, his neck, and he doesn't want to let go of him either. He is feeling better than he has felt in ages; as if the weight he had been carrying all this time had been lifted off his shoulders.
“You would never guess,” Sherlock whispered into his ear, his nose brushing the soft wisps of hair that glowed golden in the sun. The light smell of lavender made its way up Sherlock’s nose. He had showered. Burying his nose deeper in the welcoming scent, John removed Sherlock’s hands from his eyes and turned around, smiling from ear to ear. “You all right?”
John blinked at him. “Wha– You– you don’t mean–“
She had planned this all along.
John’s steps could be heard, but then he stopped. Did he change his mind? Was he going to turn around? Would he just walk out of the front door and leave this mess behind? It was worse than any torture Sherlock had endured. It was so much worse than all the punches in the gut, the kicks, the screaming and the dirt and the blood. The mere thought of John saying ‘this is it, then’ made him feel so sick.
, Sherlock thought, meaning himself. He took a deep breath and pulled his leg up, digging his fingers into the hurting flesh as his head was swallowed by the water. He kept his eyes tightly shut – it was no use opening them the dirty water, he wouldn’t be able to make out much – protecting his eyes from the salt. His other leg kicked vigorously in the attempt not to be pulled down even more.
The touch was as light as a feather, just a gentle press of John’s mouth against his own. Sherlock stopped breathing for a moment, trying to process what was happening, trying to comprehend what they did was actually real.
The next day, Sherlock decided to stay at home. Waiting for John every day wasn't going to make him appear out of nowhere. He sat under the glasshouse and opened the large sliding doors on both sides completely so it wouldn't get too hot underneath the roof.
“You’re not looking for a summer fling, then?”
He heard rather than saw John chuckle. The cloth was discarded to the bathroom, he supposed, and soon after, two warm, strong arms folded around his frame. He loved this, having John's body this close. His chest aligning with his own, his head tugged beneath his chin, breathing in his scent, the golden hair chest hair tickling his nose a little, but not uncomfortably, his hands on his sides or on his back, their legs entangled. Everything was perfect that way. When the weariness took over, and reality started to fade to a tenth of his awareness.
"Anything else I can do?"
You said you were off tomorrow anyway. S
“I just wanted to warn you, mate. If you’re in John’s company and suddenly surrounded by a bunch of girls, it’s all his doing,” he chuckled. “Especially when he’s single, like right now.”
When he came back up, he took huge gulps of air.
John supported Sherlock’s weight as well as he could manage and helped him walk back into the house. Sherlock groaned when John made him arch his back a little so he could take off his coat. »I’m sorry, Sherlock, I didn’t mean to–«
Sherlock closes the space between them until they are mere inches apart. John looks up at him. “You may not the be who people think you are, but I’m quite certain you’re the man
»I …«
John listens with his eyes wide.
“You …” Sherlock shook his head. He damned his mouth for not producing the words he wanted to say and his mind for not knowing what to say in the first place.
No matter how much he wanted to save those moments in his mind palace, he was too far gone even to form a coherent thought. John's hand was moving rapidly over his cock, using his pre-come to make it smoother, and– "God, John, ahh!" he gasped and swiped his thumb over the tip, the foreskin completely drawn back.
“And here I thought this could be a nice evening,” Sherlock sighed theatrically.
Sherlock almost slipped on the ice when he stepped onto it and it turned out he was terrible at skating so he clung to John at all times, but neither of them minded. John skated backwards while holding both of Sherlock’s hands tightly to teach him a bit and help him keep his balance.
He didn’t notice the person approaching him from behind. “Du siehst aus, als könntest du ein bisschen Spaß vertragen."
Sherlock grabs his coat.
“What about you?” John asked him, pulling him out of his mingling thoughts. “How come you’re here?”
“I still can’t believe John attacked that beast of a man. We saw him in the newspaper this morning,” Greg said with a grin. “Wish I’d been there. I’m training to get into the police department.”
Sherlock keeps playing, and although John cannot see his face, he just knows his eyes are closed. They usually are.
“Good thing I came prepared,” John told him with a grin. “I’ll be right back.”
John smiled a little, but not for very long. “She’s one year older than me,” he told him. “We never got on well, but I was always there for her, defending her in front of our parents. My mum had a hard time accepting she’s a lesbian. And my father, well, he never accepted it. Brought it up whenever he could and tried to make her feel ashamed. She told me first. When I was fifteen, I think. She always had my support, especially when she came out.”
“Where’s Rosie?” he croaks, his voice rough from sleeping this long.
Before long, they are both completely nude. Mary catches the scar on his shoulder, but John doesn't stop to let her look at it for too long, recapturing her attention by kissing her neck, collarbone and breasts. He doesn’t let her touch the scar. He doesn’t want to let anyone see that part of him.
“You, too.”
Sherlock found himself smiling widely and blushing a little. He turned his head towards John’s friends who were sitting on the sand too, now, obviously wondering what they were talking about since John showed no sign of getting up and going back.
»He mostly doesn’t. So now, what do you need help with?« Sherlock asked.
“All right?” John gasped, out of breath as if he was running a marathon.
“Good morning,” Sherlock always replied – because every morning with John waking up in bed with him was a good morning.
Sherlock wasn’t exactly enamoured with this suggestion.
“Goodnight, Oma,” Sherlock smiled softly. “You, too,” both of them said simultaneously.
"But the songs are horrid, John," Sherlock complained, an expression of agony spreading over his face.
Sherlock pressed a five Deutschmark note into her hand. “We’ll see about that.”
February, 09:38 am
“You’d get all wrinkly.”
He had merely regained something that had gone missing a long time ago.
She rolled her eyes at him and threw her hair over her shoulder as she walked away.
“Today was fun,” John said when they stood by the door. “Will I see you tomorrow?”
“No, Sherlock. I won’t make the same stupid mistake again. I'm not letting you up there again alone, waiting down here and standing by without being able to do anything. If I am not coming, you are not going.”
“No need for formalities,” Greg laughed and patted Sherlock’s back. “John told me he’d teach you some volleyball? Comes in handy really, Mike wasn’t in the mood today.”
"I don't expect you to treat her like another case, I know she's as much of a daughter to you as she is to me," he grasps Sherlock's hand, watching out for any sign that might be interpreted as being unsettled and uncomfortable by having him this close right now. He is heedful as not to crowd him too much when he can't bear the touch. "But we have to focus on the now. Not the what-ifs. If something happened to her, I would never forgive myself either, but this has got nothing to do with blaming you. Yes?" John squeezes his hands gently.
exactly?« the detective wanted to know. »I don’t see the problem here.«
She smiled brightly and winked at him and then disappeared back downstairs.
Sherlock's hips bucked in spite of himself. He was embarrassed by the sounds that came out of his mouth.
“I love you,” he whispers against Sherlock’s mouth.
“Sherlock,” John said and his voice was steady next to his ear. He hadn’t even heard him come back in. “I’ll give you an extra blanket and a hot water bottle now until your chills are gone.”
Piercing pangs keep reverberating through his head. It’s overwhelming; too much to bear. Now he knows how Sherlock must feel when his brain refuses to shut down.
“You look gorgeous when you’re asleep. You know that?” John asked him, his voice a little hoarse.
»Yes, that too,« John laughed. »Come on, I’ve bought Thai for dinner and yes, you will eat or I’ll demand my jumper back.«
John looked at Sherlock for several never-ending seconds before he got up from the chair and sat down on Sherlock’s bed, reaching for his hand. It was sweaty and cold and uninviting and Sherlock hated it, but John didn’t seem to mind. “I am here now,” he assured him, “and I’ll stay until this is over.”
“Why should I go? John won’t even be there, and setting him up with me is obviously your primary intention.”
Sherlock gave him a look, recalling his grandma’s imprudence of showing John the photo album containing so many memories of Sherlock’s childhood.
, John thinks.
He ran his hand up John’s back, cataloguing every mole, every muscle and every line his fingers came across and locking up the new pieces of information in his mind palace, making sure he would have access to them anytime.
No, not yet.
“Sherlock,” she said softly. “It’s all right to cry. It really is.”
His entire body was shaking, his bottom lip quivered and and he felt as if his knees might give way any second.
"Yes, I suppose that's a good metaphor," John answered. "It's an incredible talent. I read how you state all the facts first here and then come to a conclusion. It seems so simple that way."
He knew it was no good because he simply wasn't good at these sorts of things. Mingling, mixing with people he actually despised, and what with the people he cared about, he was plainly too socially inept to do anything the right way.
‘You are a human being Sherlock, with human needs like eating enough and sleeping regularly,’ John had always said to him when he stayed up until four in the morning, performing experiments or trying to solve a case.
“Shame,” Greg told him, raising the corners of his lips and his eyebrows simultaneously.
Sherlock listened intently to John’s words. He must have embarrassed himself more than he thought he had.
Sherlock’s hands ran over John’s back, down and further down until they found his arse, digging his fingers into the soft flesh, pulling him closer. He could feel his hardness pressing against his middle already and despite it all being new terrain to him, still, the feeling of wanting more rushed over him. And right now, he wanted more. So much more.
“Thought you’d be up to it.”
"Holmes," Sherlock replies quietly.
Some nights, he fell asleep imagining made-up scenarios – ways in which the conversation could have turned other than the way it had. He tried not to think about going back to Mike's place to apologise. They probably thought less of him now that they knew what had actually caused his breakdown back at the beginning of July. He hadn't even dared to go to the beach again. Not even a different part of it; the one leading to the neighbouring town. This part was separated from the one where they used to play volleyball; the haven lay in between both; and still, he hadn't left the house for more than taking samples in the garden. He wanted to avoid another encounter at all costs while at the same time it was what he craved the most. All he knew was that his steadfast fortress and his iron mask would crumble, and he simply couldn't let that happen. Not again. Not. Again.
How could John be
“Too much?”
No careful feet moved over the wooden floor. No sound made its way through the suffocating tranquillity. But then …
It overwhelms you without any difficulty once you've started caring too much.
“He didn’t even wear a mask and led me away from a public and crowded place. Some people would have remembered him. It’s not like he was just a face in a crowd. He was someone people would look at while passing him.”
Nevertheless he had to go now. He had to get up and leave before it was too late. He didn’t want to, though. The strong arm was still wrapped around his torso, the warm hand still rested on his chest, he could still feel John’s warm breath against the back of his neck and one of John’s legs was entangled with Sherlock’s. It was either now or never.
matter,” John said firmly. “You wanted to stay here and you promised me to be honest in return. Don’t you think I deserve to learn the truth?”
He pressed his lips tightly around John's cock as he pulled up to the tip at a leisure pace and licked over it again, lapping at it and sliding across his slit.
Sherlock whips out his phone and instead of an answer, holds out his cheek for John to kiss, which the doctor all too happily does. Then it's all work and no play again, and John feverishly hopes that everything will be all right.
to be there!« Sherlock countered firmly.
But there was something else, too. Something that resembled what you experienced after running a marathon: being unable to breathe normally, utterly broken, aching all over, needing something to hold on to because your head was spinning, and dizziness overwhelmed you while all noises from around you were drowned out by your own heart that was still running, still fighting, still beating.
“Being me got us into this situation in- in the first place.” The words were so hard to say, but he couldn’t keep them inside his chest either. “I just want to deserve you one day.”
“There’s a giant spider on the bed, can’t you see it?” Sherlock whimpered, staring at a spot on the duvet. “It’s coming closer. This species can jump two metres at once. Please, John, take it away!” His voice shivered as he moved further away from the middle of the bed.
Turning back around to the corridor towards the loos, he hoped the man from earlier would still be there. He wasn’t.
“Well someone’s prepared, I see,” John chuckles quietly as he reaches for a condom.
John grinned softly and let go of Sherlock’s wrists, letting him sit up to lift John’s t-shirt and take it off. His chest was sinewy and muscular and Sherlock let his hand trace every line on his torso. Of course he’d seen it before, but he’d never been this close and he’d never had the chance to touch or
"Only sometimes," Sherlock murmurs before he invades John’s personal space once more and resumes to involve John’s mouth in a more pleasant activity than talking.
'Mostly' is good. He can work with ‘mostly.'
“I’d rather keep my arse for prospective future activities,” he teases, wiggling a little underneath John’s body.
Sherlock tried to follow John’s advice and yet failed to set the ball higher or further, so John walked up behind him and rested his hands on his shoulders. “Bend your knees slightly more.”
He gave his other nipple the same attention as he had to the first before he moved lower, over his rips, his belly button, his groin.
Sherlock’s confused look amused all of them equally.“Shut up, you nutter.” John was still smiling. “That’s Bill.”
Sherlock swallowed and walked.
because not a single bloody cab would stop for me,” John groaned and stomped into the kitchen. His bad temper showed when he opened the fridge with more strength than necessary, shoved the yoghurt inside and slammed it shut again.
John moved lower and replaced his fingers with his mouth, trailing soft kisses on the way down to Sherlock’s nipple. Hot breath brushed against the little bud, coercing it to grow harder. When he closed his lips around it and sucked, Sherlock’s hands dug into John’s arms.
Sherlock's face lights up, and although that man has lines around his eyes from not getting any sleep whatsoever, it's the most beautiful thing John has ever seen. He's smiling so brightly and so genuinely.
John shakes his head, and his eyes crinkle as his lips curl into an impish smile. "Let me show you what I dabble in." With that, he presses his fingers in deeper until he reaches Sherlock's prostate.
“John,” Sherlock whispers, sobs almost, his throat constricted with heavy tears.
“It’s always boring without you.”
John watched them with the everlasting smile on his lips. “How much have they had already?”
It was an odd feeling, coming back here after all these years; the last time he’d walked up those stairs he was only seven years old.
“Shut up,” Sherlock laughed and wanted to pull him down into a kiss, to taste John’s smile on his tongue, but John stopped inches before his lips.
»I don’t see how this is funny,« Sherlock said sternly.
»Nope,« John answered as he pulled him off the sofa into a standing position. »I’d just like to be on time.«
, it hits him. He’s projecting the situation to their current one; thinking he is responsible for putting them in a dangerous situation in the first place. Not realising what is happening until it’s too late, until events are unchangeable, until the inevitable happens. He had reached out for John back then and John pushed him away forcefully and venomously. Now he’s keeping his distance, in spite of himself.
»I probably deleted it,« Sherlock muttered.
John giggled. »No, of course not. It’s not like you’re shivering or anything.«
until he can't take any more of him inside. He makes up for the rest with his hand, stroking him in the same rhythm as he moves his head. Sherlock's legs fall open wider. There is no trace of his reticence, his hesitance and his coyness from the early days they did this together.
»You sure you want to rush into this? I mean, we have lots of time. We can take it slow; in fact–«
“Please, John, forgive me … for all the hurt that I caused you.”
»I don’t know. Maybe because it’s St. Nicholas’ Day,« John shrugged and turned the page of the newspaper.
"They seemed like elaborate deductions," John chuckled softly. "More than just exercises. I'll give it back to you when I've finished it. You might want to write down more."
Sighing in defeat, he let his hands fall onto his thighs and gave in. “Fine.”
“John,” Sherlock whispers. He locks eyes with him for the hundredth time that night. He can see his dilated pupils and feel his breath on face. “What is it that you want?” It’s so quiet it’s almost inaudible.
»I hate Christmas,« Sherlock murmured into the cushion and then turned his face to the side, facing the crackling fireplace in front of them.
It's 02:05 am when John is woken by a violin playing beautifully. His eyes blink open slowly as he is roused from his sleep, as he is dragged from a warm dream back into reality, where coldness creeps through every hole in 221B's wall. In her little bed, Rosie snores silently.
… silence.
“Why did you come, then?”
But of course, John removed his hands just a moment later and walked around him to watch his movements. “Okay. Try to stretch as if you wanted to set the ball.”
When John can finally leave the hospital, he is more than happy to.
There couldn’t be anything better than this.
He lifted his head to kiss John lazily who reciprocated gladly. John nibbled at Sherlock’s bottom lip, making him hum softly. He straddled John’s hips and deepened the kiss. John cupped Sherlock’s cheek and caressed it gently.
John broke the kiss and rested his palm on Sherlock’s cheek. “Hey,” he murmured, a smile tugging at his lips. “No need to be nervous.”
“Why?”
"What?" Sherlock's hands rest at his sides as if he doesn't know what to do with them.
“Hey, love. What are you thinking about?” John asked softly into the silence having surrounded them for a few minutes now.
"Liar," Sherlock countered, and John snorted. "You missed at least seven obvious and easy opportunities. You got all of the balls yesterday that you missed earlier."
What was happening to him? What was the matter with him that he couldn’t even look at a man’s body without his knees all but giving way? No, delete that, it wasn’t any man’s body. It was John’s.
He buried his face in the crook of John’s neck and as a few waves of silent sobs were shaking him. John’s arms came around his trembling body and stroked up and down his back. He’d never been so relieved, so happy to be proven wrong.
Sherlock smiled, resting his forehead against John’s. “Yes, I recall your bed being rather comfortable.”
“Yes, but I want to hear you say it.”
“Yeah, I suppose you’re right. He’s just overdoing it,” John murmured.
“Believe me, girls are not all I think about,” John laughed and sat down on Sherlock’s blanket.
"You didn't have to be taken to the hospital. Thankfully."
“Are there pumpkins that aren’t orange?” the assistant asked in return.
After the n
The water caressed his sensitive skin. Even the lightest touch was a bit painful, but the water eased the feeling a bit. He let his head fall back and sank deeper into the tub. He would have to be careful not to fall asleep in here as the warmth engulfed him more and more.
“Most people would disagree with you there.”
“You’re just making that up,” he tells Sherlock. He had to be. She can’t have been––
John exhales slowly through his nose and then sniffs. "Look at the card."
“You can’t even stand up straight!”
John’s answer was a long moan against his neck.
Finally, Sherlock managed to speak what he had meant to say to John. “Yes, let’s get away from here for a bit.”
“Not at all. You weren’t meant to find it.” Mycroft’s voice is calm and even-tempered, and John hates it.
“Oh, you can bet your pumpkin carving skills that she will.”
“Oh, don’t you start, too,” John laughed disbelievingly.
"In what way?"
“You shouldn’t be too convinced,” John told him firmly. “Reality is very different from everyone’s expectation. Yours is no exception.”
“Your friends are waiting for you,” he said.
John laughs in his face for that. “I’ll show you who the prude is as soon as we’re out of this tub.”
John nodded. “What are you going here all by yourself, then?”
Sherlock had wanted to say yes before John even opened the box, but John tried so hard to apologise and he had obviously prepared his words a long time ago, he had chosen these words with care and he had lain awake at night, thinking what he was going to say once the moment was right.
John’s hands ran over his thighs until they came to rest on the small of his back, kneading his buttocks with enthusiasm.
“What’s on your mind, please, just talk to me,” he said. He saw the urge in him to reach out, to touch more, to hold, to cradle, to caress, but he stayed where he was. At a safe distance, as far as that was possible in Sherlock’s bed.
It was Toploader’s
Removing the protective cover from the end of the tubing, he inserted it into the hub, placing a tape over it and securing the IV. He ensured there were no kinks in the tubing.
John tries not to think about the fact that he is touching Sherlock in places he had only come close to touching in his dreams. He was never allowed to do this, and now he is, and it is all so
“Not everyone would.”
He looked up at him. “Yeah?”
, Sherlock wanted to say and knew exactly how cheesy this sounded, so he didn't give those thoughts a voice. "Sure."
John sighed deeply and sat down in his armchair.
"Yeah because I thought we–" John's eyes widen as he realises what he was going to say and he stops himself mid-sentence.
“That’s it, just let go,” John rasps into Sherlock’s ear. His curls have against into his forehead, resting in a mixture of sweat and water from the bath.
“On?”
He closed his eyes for a moment to get rid of the image that seemed to have imprinted itself on his memory now.
When the kisses grew more heated and the movements more eager, Sherlock could feel his trousers grow tighter once again.
As always, thank you for your feedback, I love hearing from you. You keep me going! <3
wrong. You never tell me you love me unless you’re drunk or absolutely knackered or … worried, scared even. You always tell me when you think I’m going to leave you or when you doubt my feelings for you, which usually happens when you wake up from nightmares that only occur once in a long while now, thank God.”
He stayed to read whenever he came there, but the volleyball court was occupied by other people or it was deserted entirely, and Sherlock wondered why John hadn't let him know why he wouldn't be there or at least
“Like this?”
“Let’s stay here for a bit longer,” Sherlock murmured. “Who knows when we get to have this again.”
Sherlock cries out as if in pain, and John knows that this is it. There goes his attempt to do things the right way for once in his life. He won't get this chance now. He will not get to live the rest of his life, neither with Sherlock nor with Mary. He needs to hold onto one of the poles, or he will collapse on the spot.
“What?” Sherlock stared at him; confused, puzzled, troubled.
He didn’t quite understand why his heart raced faster and faster the further he walked to the door after the bell rang.
It had been several days since Sherlock last left the flat. There was still no phone call from Lestrade, which meant his brain was literally about to rot and tear itself to pieces.
“I’m– yes, yes,” Sherlock stuttered, still processing John was holding hands with him. That wasn’t a very remarkable thing; rather that he was showing affection in public. It was a rare occurrence that Sherlock had learnt to cherish and not question. Sometimes, he brushed his fingers against Sherlock’s side when they lay beside each other on his blanket on the beach, sometimes he ruffled his hair, or pecked his cheek after making sure nobody was looking.
His head was spinning and his breathing ragged, but all that mattered was John kissing him, John pulling him closer with his hand cupping the back of his head, burying his fingers in his curls, tugging ever so carefully and gently.
»What the hell would I do with people who I hate and who hate me?«
Sherlock.
“Think!"
, warmed him through and through and he was happy John placed so much trust in him to sing in his presence, to sing
“Tell me.”
________________________________________
Sherlock increased his efforts, swirling his tongue over the tip slowly. Agonisingly slowly, he licked over the slit, savouring the sharp taste in his mouth.
For the next few days, John drops out of sleep and back again several times. He's only ever awake for a few minutes, but during these, Sherlock always sits by his bed, holding his hand, looking at him with worry in his eyes.
“You kept an eye on me after…, well, you know. I’m just doing the same,” he adds and accepts it. Their fingers brush, sending a chill down John’s back.
»Hey, I can hear you by the way,« the Detective Inspector said distinctly.
His fingers run over Sherlock’s nipples, pinching lightly and causing him to gasp into the silence in the room. They wander further down, through a patch of thin hair above his groin area. He looks up at him and Sherlock nods, encourages him to go on, so he unbuttons his bespoke trousers and pulls the zipper down.
Sherlock let his head fall forward. “Are you? Are you really?”
“Once,” Mycroft told him. “He was at university. The people he engaged with at that time introduced him to the drug scene … well, I am sure you can imagine what they were like.”
»Romantic fool,« Sherlock murmured and John laughed heartily.
He did as he was told, clenching his teeth and breathing through the pain that finally, finally, ebbed away a little.
All of a sudden, he felt something very warm press against his back;
»But I do!« Alison smiled brightly and ran towards the little bag she brought with her. »Here.«
John blinked once, twice. Sherlock could see John’s brain was being flooded with questions he wanted to ask, but he didn’t dare to ask them. Sherlock didn’t want to push him. He let himself fall back onto the blanket, folded his arms behind his head and closed his eyes because the sun was blinding him.
»I know,« John chuckled quietly and turned his head slightly to look at him. »I was waiting for you to complain straight away. I thought you hated it.«
»I’m sure you know this would upset your stomach, especially when you eat so much of it.«
He knew his brother worked with the latest technology, he was the Secret Service after all. Mycroft was the very traditional type, though. He preferred writing things down on a piece of paper rather than trusting USB flash drives or computer hard drives although everybody else relied on those things. Suddenly a gallant set of pens seemed to be the perfect gift.
“Well, thankfully she did,” John grinned up at him.
“You left early,” John states stupidly. “I’ve been looking for you after our dance, but you were gone.”
He was right. He didn't need to conform to any label. He loved John and it made him happy, happier than he had ever been in his life, and nobody needed to understand that as long as he did. What made it even more special was that the people in their lives were supportive of them, which proved that they understood them, too, and there was no label necessary for that to be the case. He never needed to see those horrible bullies again. They didn’t matter. Their opinions had no impact on his life anymore.
The waves breaking on the pile of stones beneath the platform seemed to be a mirror image of the thoughts tumbling over each other in his mind. He shook his head again. This wouldn't happen. It was going to be fine, for God's sake. It was merely lots of complicated feelings caused by his hormones flying high and having the time of their lives in his body while he squirmed under the touches of the person who was responsible for all this in the first place. It was just chemicals. Just chemicals. Normal. Rational. Natural. It was only his body, feeling intensively.
He did.
Sherlock smiled, shaking his head. “I meant before me, another bloke. After coming to terms with being bisexual.”
The days pass in a blur. Every day, it's the same routine. A nurse comes in, checks his bandages, cleans and changes them every second day, asks how he feels, leaves the room again. At 8 o'clock sharp, breakfast is brought in, always consisting of two dry and hard pieces of bread, one small piece of butter and a little tub with jam in it. Coffee, too, tasting like water. Then someone helps John go to the bathroom, get cleaned up. Nothing to do until lunch. Maybe physiotherapy at noon, sometimes occupational therapy to help the scar heal. Nap. Watch telly. Occasionally a visitor or two. Never Sherlock. Dinner. Sleep.
Sherlock looks up at John, eyes questioning.
He doesn’t want to think about anyone hurting his little girl, but he can’t brush the thought away. His hands are gripping the armchair tightly; so strongly his knuckles turn white at the pressure.
“Thank you,” he slurred, already partly in another, quieter world. John took the cloth back to the bathroom and closed the door behind him when he returned and slipped back into bed beside Sherlock, winding an arm around his waist and entangling his legs with Sherlock’s. “We’ll be absolutely knackered tomorrow.”
semester, as he had found out. Well, Irene had provided him with that information after she noticed how “gone on him” he already was. That was, frankly, ridiculous.
So far, he had truly enjoyed what they had been doing even if it still scared him a little. Well, scared him? Did it scare him? It was probably the wrong choice of word. It made him feel uncertain; a rare and unusual state. That was likely why he was reluctant and nervous. Because it unsettled him in ways he wasn't used to. Because he had little to no experience.
"Well, you… you told me about him–"Sherlock’s eyes are hard on his, threatening to pierce through his skull. “I never told you about him.”
“It is. But it’s still fun,” John chuckled. “We can join them later if you want. That way, you can practise setting.”
He lies there for a while, just breathing – inhaling the scent of Sherlock’s ridiculously expensive and yet infuriatingly sweet smelling shampoo, nuzzling into the soft curls, brushing his lips over his nape. His arm tightens instinctively around Sherlock’s still sleeping form.
»We’ll be snowed in if it keeps coming down like that,« John smiled warmly. »Thank God we’re well provided now.«
“How are you feeling?” Sherlock wants to know, but John doesn’t know how he feels at all. He decides to be honest.
»See, told you you’d be back within just a few hours,« John chaffed. »Tell me about it once Greg’s picked her up. And don’t you dare mock the film or I’ll kill you,« he whispered into Sherlock’s ear. He tried to sound serious, but the detective noticed he was smiling.
They said their goodbyes, and Sherlock walked back towards the beach, where he heard an all too familiar voice before he actually saw the person it belonged to.
He was startled by Mrs Holmes’ surprised exclamation. »Dear Lord, what happened?«
“I told you I’m not athletic.”
“I kind of imagined him that way,” John admitted.
The quiet splatter of soft raindrops against the window pulled him out of his slumber. His lids were hanging heavy over his eyes, and it took him a while to blink himself awake. The sky looked grey, the branches of trees in front of the house swayed lightly with the wind and the leaves rustled. To his left lay the boy whose breath grazed Sherlock’s neck with a steady rhythm every two and a half seconds; the boy who had almost taken him apart mere hours ago.
He broke the kiss, panting hard and looking up into John's eyes; his pupils were swallowing his ocean blue irises, black taking over. Gathering up more courage and willing his fingers not to tremble this time, he reached for the button on John's jeans. The undertaking worked a lot better this time. He felt the bulge beneath his fingertips – just inches away from his face.
“Can we help you?” John asked, squeezing Sherlock’s hand once.
John giggled and turned his head to look back out of the window. »Just behave for just one evening of the year.«
“I cannot believe this is happening,” he whispers, digging his fingers into Sherlock’s lapels.
The younger boy tried to swallow the huge lump in his throat and got up. “I’ll um– I’ll get my swimming trunks,” he said and got up to go inside and get changed.
A prickling sensation spread in his stomach at the mere prospect of getting to do all the things in bed imaginable with John. He wanted to. Just thinking about it turned him on.
"It's fine, John," Sherlock assured him, but John wasn't convinced.
»That’s just because the Mouse Queen casts another spell on Hans! But maybe it’s better that way.«
It was the worst fashion sin of all times and if Sherlock weren’t feeling so hypothermic, he would never contemplate wearing a jumper like this one. For God’s sake, he wouldn’t even wear it as a disguise for a case.
John fell silent for an endless moment. “You should be proud of this gift, Sherlock. It’s very special.”
“Yes, I just can’t wait to lie down again,” he lied. His current position was almost perfect. Certainly better than anything else he found himself in recently.
changed his attitude towards the public display of affection. Perhaps, he had become braver. Or maybe, he had chosen not to care. Most people did not. After all, they did nothing illegal, so why should they worry?
The next time Sherlock visited him in his dreams, he sat down on the end of his bed, resting a hand on his foot. The weight felt comfortable, right. Sherlock touching him felt right.
A grin tugged at the corners of John’s mouth. “I can give you a massage if you want.”
John laughed and got up, holding out his hand. “Don’t worry,” he said. “I’m sure we’ll have plenty of time later.”
“Not if you play with
"God, look at you," he whispered reverently, hands stroking up and down his shins, his thighs until they came to rest on his hips. Sherlock's eyes locked with John's now, seeing nothing but pure admiration and affection in them. "You're perfect," he told him with his voice hoarse and breathy, pressing kisses to Sherlock's groin and caressing the skin covering his hip bones. Sherlock thought he might burst from anticipation, writhing under the soft touches and kisses, but then John lifted his head and came back up to kiss his temple, his forehead, his cheek. His hand wandered over his pebbled nipple down over his hip bone, hovering, waiting.
“Most people think it’s weird,” Sherlock told him. “But then, not many people know about it. They just degrade it as a phase or haven’t even heard about it at all. Not that I bragged about it. Nobody cares anyway.”
Sherlock groaned and let his head sink into the cushion. »I hate surprises,« came the muffled reply.
Sherlock wrapped both arms around John’s neck, bringing their foreheads together and pressing his lips against John’s, the moan he let out when he followed Sherlock over the edge getting lost in the heat of Sherlock’s mouth.
John smiled at him. He probably already had more of these delicious things in mind. Sherlock couldn't wait to try all of them. Apparently, something like a libido
“Almost half 7 in the evening,” John answered as he brushed an errant curl out of Sherlock’s forehead.
"Keep going, Jo– keep going, please …"
One of the brightest smiles he had ever seen greeted him when he opened the door. “Hey.”
He found nothing. John had said Greg texted him. Their last conversation happened two weeks ago.
John waved his hand at him. "Oh, stop, Greg."
John jumped at him from behind, winding his arms firmly around the guy’s neck. “Stop. STOP!” he screamed. The homophobe was reaching for John’s head, but John caught both his arms in a firm grip behind his back.
“He wouldn’t even talk to me, even if he came.”
John sighs. "I'm a doctor, Sherlock, I can figure out when I've had too much. Trust me on this."
John shook his head with a giggle. His flatmate was unbelievable.
“You’re really incredible. I can’t believe you worked that out by only observing me for, what like five minutes in total?” Greg’s unsettled look turned into astonishment.
Sherlock gets in behind him, folding both arms around John's waist and pressing little kisses to his nape. John relaxes instantly in the warm water surrounding him. "God, that's perfect," he breathes out, letting his head fall back against Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock cleared his throat twice. »Good.« He was about to open the door when Mycroft spoke up again.
"Oh, Liebling," she sighed and stroked his hair, "you are the cleverest person I know."
Before Sherlock could object, she pulled him up from the tub and shoved him into the bedroom. “Now. Best shirt, trousers, and shoes. The mirror’s free in 5 minutes.”
Oma Karla shook her head, an unreadable smile playing on her lips. "I knew something was going on between you two."
»So?«
“Are you still in contact?” Sherlock asked quietly.
“To do this every day from now on.”
A weight rested heavily on his chest, suffocating him. His fingers were trembling, so he dug them hard into the fabric of his jeans to make them stop. They didn’t. His entire body started heaving deep breaths, but whenever he exhaled, the air shakily escaped from his lungs.
His hand shook just slightly when he closed the card and put it back into the envelope.
Sherlock’s hands explored John’s sides, his back, his shoulders while his middle sought more pressure – more contact.
When they reached the disco, Sherlock wished he hadn’t come for the second time that evening. People were already snogging by the entrance, reminding him of the reasons he usually avoided these sorts of environments.
“John?”
“I’m glad they
He is right. But he cannot do anything about it. Not now. Not ever. Because Sherlock is dead, and that is an unchangeable fact.
John's kissing technique was something that had kept Sherlock up at night more than once. Even followed him into his dreams. Apparently, it was good enough to let him experience wet dreams and give him the hardest erection he'd ever had in his life.
A soft laugh vibrated through John’s body. “I thought you hated sentimentality?”
Sherlock took a deep breath. “Which we
»You have to tell me about some adventures you got up to with Redbeard later,« John murmured into his hair and suddenly Sherlock froze. He had never talked to John about Readbeard.
»I’ll just get yours, love,« John told him with a smile. »I’ll be right back.«
“Oh, who told you that?"
Sherlock followed John’s movements carefully at first, observing his intentions and moving accordingly in the right direction. He did seem to have
“Bet you’re rather lazy sometimes,” Sherlock teased, opening his eyes and looking up at John with a smirk.
"Headshots end everything too quickly," she muses, raising her eyebrows.
, that was what his grandma always said, and it was probably for the best to settle for this at the moment.
This was when John realised. “You’re embarrassed,” he stated. “That's it, isn’t it?”
Sherlock invited him to a sundae of his choice and John already waved a hand at that, but Sherlock rolled his eyes and made him sit down without any further ado. He had inherited this trait from his parents both and his grandma. They were very similar when it came to resistance, always urging people just to accept a gift, especially when it was well deserved, as it was now.
John was right beside him. His hand was on his cheek then back on his sweaty forehead. “We have to lower your temperature,” he told him. He was in doctor-mode, Sherlock could tell. “I’ll prepare leg compresses.”
»Sherlock,« John said sternly. »You’ll be fine. I’m sure you’ll be back in just a few hours and you will have solved the case and found the murderer. I’ll give you my gun.«
When they entered the kitchen, Oma Karla got up from the chair she was sitting on, reading the papers. “God, Sherlock. You look
Redbeard was there and listened when his parents weren’t or when they wouldn’t understand. With Redbeard, he had felt safe and wanted and most of all understood. He was there when Oma Karla couldn’t be.
Sherlock found himself not minding their implications. After all, nothing had happened, and he knew Greg was only joking. They had only just met anyway, and neither of them was interested in that sort of thing.
“I don’t understand,” John answered as confusion spread on his face, deepening his frown lines.
Leaning forward to kiss him again, he took one of John’s nipples between his fingers and nipped lightly at it, causing John to moan into his mouth. Sherlock, unable to hide his smirk, repeated the movement and let his lips wander to John’s jaw line. His lips tingled when they brushed against the stubble. It was perfect.
He groaned and tried to take deep breaths, in and out, in and out again, focusing on the regular rhythm of it.
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand.
There was no doubt about it, then. He did like men, or well,
Sherlock set down the violin and the bow on the nearby table, resting his hands on John’s waist. »Would you play it for me again sometime?« John asked quietly.
There was a lump in his throat that simply wouldn’t go away. He was still staring at John and he felt as though he’d just been reborn because how was it possible that his John, caring and loving John, who always said he was not interested in him, loved him after all? He had to take it in at first and it would take eons to process this new piece of information.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered against John’s lips, tugging at them once, twice. “
“God, love, I’m sorry, but you’re so good at this, I–“
/ Of course it’s about Sherlock. Everything is about Sherlock.
John smiled briefly, but it faded after less than a blink of an eye. »It’s my favourite Christmas carol. My mother used to sing it for me a lot around Christmas time when I was still a kid. It was a bit like a tradition we maintained every year.« He suddenly sounded sorrowful.
»But I need– You
“Neither am I.” John strokes his hair and edges closer until their legs are entangled and there is no space left between them.
But then, seemingly out of the nothingness surrounding him, two hands emerge and gently find their place on his shoulders, softly and carefully pulling him up, so he comes to rest against a firm but comfortable chest. He begins to feel secure in long arms wrapped tightly around him, to feel home when he breathes in Sherlock.
John nodded. “I’ll start an IV in a minute, but I wanted to give it to you first. It takes about a minute or two to set in.”
John nods and steps back for Sherlock to head back up to their flat. He sees him take two steps at a time, sometimes three, while he struggles to keep his breathing even climbing up himself. When he reaches the top of the stairs, Sherlock is already talking rapidly on the phone. John has to steady himself on the back of his armchair or else he might topple over because his legs are shaking so much.
Tears well up in John's eyes. He doesn't know if it is because of how lowly Sherlock thinks of himself or because he's lying deliberately, and John has to admit to himself what a terrible father he is. He can't say it's not true although it genuinely isn't. He loves Rosie and Sherlock equally – he really does – but Sherlock has given him so much more than Rosie has. Sherlock has saved him over and over; time and time again.
“There’s a bucket right here,” John told him and then rummaged through the medical bag to find the Pepto-Bismol. He went to get a glass of water and took out a pill.
»They asked
»I didn’t notice,« Sherlock answered and coughed, trying to get rid of the lump in his throat.
“You’re tired of sorting his problems out for him.”
“This is not a P.E. lesson, Sherlock. It’s fun.”
John has already drifted off to sleep when it pings. It's the special notification he has set for when Sherlock texts, and he is immediately wide-awake. It's way past midnight. John excitedly thumbs in his passcode, misses because of trembling fingers, then taps the new message alert.
Sherlock had reached the devastating realisation that he didn’t want John to spend time with anyone else who was a potential threat. So far they had known each other for almost three weeks, the last two weeks having been very life-changing for him because he was unable to control his thoughts anymore, words slipped out before he had the chance to reconsider them, and, which was the worst of all, he constantly found himself in a state of light arousal when John was with him. This condition worsened when he wasn’t wearing a shirt.
He pressed his chin onto his clavicle. “That tickles,” he said which made John giggle.
John cannot help but smirk. "Sherlock Holmes, was that your attempt at cracking a joke?"
John sighs, waiting for Sherlock to ask the infamous question, but he doesn’t. “Don't you wanna know how I'm feeling?”
"But you shouldn't be carrying that heavy bag there," she insists. "You should have someone to pick you up! Where is that fellow I've seen here every day I was on duty?"
John was chuckling now and sipped at his tea. »I wasn’t complaining at all.«
Sherlock locked eyes with John. They had been together for two weeks and three days. Something Sherlock never expected to happen was having a relationship with somebody. John had assured him it wasn’t a fling; it was serious. He was committed to this. They both were. Why did he have to make it so hard for him?
“Can I,” he tried to swallow the lump in his throat. “Can I kiss you again? Before we sleep?”
“You know, if you keep practising, you might beat me for real one day,” John chuckled teasingly.
“I promise,” Sherlock murmured, his voice low and his eyes damp as he spoke.
A pained look lies in Sherlock's eyes, making John's chest ache so badly it becomes hard to breathe. "It never mattered."
One night, he’s on the verge of falling asleep on the sofa, but still awake enough to feel a blanket being laid over him, wrapped around him, so he doesn’t get cold. A pair of warm lips brushes over his forehead before he hears the receding sound of two feet clad in woollen socks.
“No.”
“I suppose Rosie will learn from the master, then.”
John doesn’t get the chance to reply to this.
Thank you for reading! I'd love to hear what you think!
“You’re an idiot, you know that?”
»John …« he whispered as he reached into the box and took out a very old looking violin. »You–«
“I would’ve thought the girls were crazy about you.” John still couldn’t believe it. He furrowed his brow and raised both eyebrows.
"John!" Sherlock. "Please," he gasps.
"Straight on through the haven, across the street. Let's see what your posh old grandma is willing to do to get you back."
His anger originally directed at John now turned into guilt. He was angry with himself for being to utterly thick. Christmas was coming up, something John enjoyed and waited for all year. Sherlock was well aware of the fact that at about the same time last year John had to go through the worst part of his life and live with someone he had feared and fallen out of love of. Especially now, Sherlock should provide a little understanding and empathy. If he only knew how to do things right, just once. Just this time.
There was a pile of pancakes on a plate on the kitchen table, including syrup, cream and strawberries, but Sherlock’s grandma was nowhere to be found. He leant forward and fetched the note that leant against the plate.
»Thank you, dear,« she said with a huge smile. »Sorry again, I didn’t mean to disturb you.«
»Tell me what you want,« John breathed and kissed back up to Sherlock’s mouth, brushing his lips ever so softly and Sherlock whined at the loss of the earlier passion he’d been kissed with.
His mouth fell shut instantly.
»You got everything, love?« John asked once he had stored all the presents in a huge bag.
Sherlock's hands clenched, and his fingers dug into the already rumpled sheets.
Sherlock wished he didn’t have to look at John. He couldn’t stand it. He wished the withdrawal symptoms were worse by now so he would have an excuse not to talk to John. Sherlock closing his eyes again for a moment was every answer John needed to continue.
“I’m sure he was amazing,” he said instead, smiling a little.
John smiled, leaning a bit closer again. Their lips were merely inches apart when they heard Sherlock’s grandma.
back then to make a
John let out a sad laugh. “No,
Sherlock closed his eyes. He never wanted to get off this bike anymore.
The detective suddenly felt very hot. His cheeks felt as if they were on fire and he was slightly sweaty.
That was far from the end, however. He was struck with a blow to his head he hadn't quite managed to dodge, which sent him stumbling backwards once more. Luckily, he recovered quickly from the shock although he felt slightly dizzy. It must have been the adrenaline.
John didn't seem to be reassured, but a little while later the conversation drifted off to meaningless topics, like the stuffing of the tortelloni, questions why Sherlock had ordered the mushroom stuffing when all he was eating was the spinach ones from John's plate. Sherlock looked offended, stating the entire point of ordering them was sharing and trying out all the different stuffings, which he did, undeterred.
“What would that kind of fun look like?” Sherlock slurred slightly. He couldn’t even trust his voice anymore.
He had given up all hope that he might have this one day. Yet here they are.
“I did. She’s in rehab, as you know, and tried to escape,” John sighed, sitting down opposite him on the kitchen table.
»No, you don’t,« John said affectionately. »You just say that so everyone leaves you alone when you sulk about it, but actually you hate that even more than people surrounding you and making you feel better.«
"Let's see if they fit me," John smiled softly, and Sherlock got up to retrieve them from his wardrobe.
John smiles against his skin and presses his fingers Sherlock’s entrance, circling it at a leisure pace. Sherlock’s knees twitch at the touch. He gasps and holds his breath when John breaches him with the first finger. “All right?” he asks.
There had never been anybody else.
Of course he knew where this was going, and he wanted it. He did.
“Mike, I presume, before you ordered him out of his own house.”
Sherlock just stands and stares, not moving a muscle.
John ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair once more before he got up and took the bucket to the bathroom, coming back in no time. “Here.” His voice was so gentle it made Sherlock’s heart ache again. He didn’t deserve to be taken care of this way after everything he did to hurt John so much. He never intended for John to see him like this and, realising how much he would owe John once this was over, his body was flooded with shame.
He looks down at Mary and then turns his head to look at the alarm clock on his own bedside table. It's already well past two. He needs to sleep. He has to be at work at eight. Jesus.
Sherlock thought, and turned away from John, facing the back of the sofa with a sigh.
Sherlock took a deep breath and closed his eyes. »I’d like to leave now. Have we been here long enough to go home immediately without having to discuss it first?«
Feeling, and hoping, and wishing, and loving.
We hope you enjoyed it. Feedback is always gladly appreciated! :)
Afterwards, they both lay beside one another. Their panting breaths had subsided, and their lungs once more seemed to be satisfied with the amount of oxygen. The silence felt comfortable, at least it did to John, but then Sherlock spoke up. "Have you ever," he cleared his throat, but then didn't continue.
, desperately so, but he was still a little self-conscious.
“No,” John interjects quietly. “Forcing yourself to trust someone when you actually don’t, it’s not helping.”
“Look at him. He’s blushing,” Greg grinned gleefully. “Been re-living your shower adventures with John, eh?”
»Let’s go to bed,« John rasped, his hands still on him.
Sherlock had so many questions, but he forgot all of them when John’s lips pressed against his once more and they shared another long and lazy kiss before he snuggled against the other man again and was lulled to sleep by the warmth radiating from John’s body and the soft kisses he was placing on his forehead.
On the one hand he wanted to escape, on the other he wanted to stay in this bed with this man for the rest of his life.
“We are not doing anything illegal,” John chipped in. “Leave us alone.”
“Sorry,” John said and immediately removed it.
He actually found himself enjoying it. In the beginning, the nagging feeling of guilt kept him company when he let the ball fall when the chance of hitting it was so obviously there, but the more he played, the more he liked it. Mostly because Greg encouraged him as often as he could and John complimented his services and his force when smashing the ball into his and Bill's half.
He hid his face in his hands and despite being aware it had been a dream, a quiet sob escaped him.
He washed his hands before he put on sterile gloves, opened a packet and took out the sterile needle, preparing the injection and disinfecting the crook of Sherlock’s arm. He didn’t flinch when the needle slid in. He was used to the feeling by now.
Sherlock stared at him incredulously. “That’s why you followed me?”
He wanted to reach out to take John’s hand into his own and hold it with both his own because just for once, he was speechless. It wasn’t just the fact John had to go through such severe disappointment and be afraid of what his father might do next to hurt his family while he was still so young; it was his bravery and his good-naturedness that amazed Sherlock so much even though he’d always known those were just a few of John’s good qualities.
“Yes, that’s Mycroft,” Sherlock answered.
“It’s true, and we both know it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I am.”
"I don't think so, Bill. I have to hand in the paper for pathology on Friday and I have no idea how to manage that. I haven't slept properly in three days, and, should I be able to hand in this crap by Friday, I don't think I'll be up to anything but sleeping," the young man laughed tiredly.
“It’s not,” Sherlock said and his voice sounded strained.
“Of course. Just let me grab my coat,” she smiles.
It took nothing more than that to attack John's mouth hungrily – because he was, indeed, starving. Deprived of John's touch, his hands on him, his arms around him, their lips touching, tongues fighting.
“Or we could just stop by the morgue instea–”
“God, Sherlock,” John whispered into his ear.
He heard footsteps crunching quietly in the sand. Sherlock’s eyes still tried to adjust to the brightness of the sun when he looked up to make out where the ball came from, but then he saw a young man with an apologetic look on his face jogging towards him.
Sherlock buried his face in John's neck, breathing shallowly against the shell of his ear. John had had all the good reasons to be upset with him, to be angry, to be disappointed. It was so selfish of him not to think of how much his behaviour must have pressed the knife into the wounds, deepened the scars on his soul, and tinged the bruises a shade bluer, danker. He was so selfish to think of his own pain only. He shouldn’t have to carry even more burdens because of Sherlock’s recklessness and inexperience.
Sherlock grinned at that. He was unbelievable.
Sherlock wound his arms around John's waist, somehow feeling even more relaxed and at ease than before while John caressed his jawline gently with his thumbs, unhurriedly, as their lips tugged languidly on one another.
“This isn’t something to be discussed in passing.”
Sherlock sighed and closed his book before he got up from the very comfortable armchair.
“Don’t say things like that.”
John loved the holiday and all the traditions that came with it, but there was one thing about it he loved most.
John’s hand wandered to his back, his thumb drawing small circles on his skin. His ever-present smile lingered on his lips. “Good morning.”
cheesy Christmas song that the DJ played, what had to be John’s friend Bill stepped in front of the microphone and made an announcement he seemed to feel very excited about. Dread rose in Sherlock’s gut.
Would it be the end?
“Also, you shouldn’t judge a book by its cover.”
“They’re interesting,” Sherlock said as he sat down on the bed.
John huffed a soft burst of laughter and smiled fondly at him. »Sorry to disappoint you, love. Maybe I can lift your spirits by telling you I have to go out as well.«
»Your face when you fell,« Sherlock laughed and tried to get up, failing to do so because John was on top of him and he was quite heavy, though not uncomfortably so.
eat four of them as soon as they had cooled down. And of course, he did
The faint feeling of soft lips brushing the warm skin on his neck and a nose buried in the mop of his tousled curls tickled him a little and woke him up slowly. He breathed in the fresh air coming in through the open window and stretched like a cat after a very restful sleep. His lids hang heavily over his eyes, but a sleepy smile tucked at the corners of his lips, enjoying the warmth radiating off John's body aligned with his own. John's arm was wrapped around his waist, and his hand was resting on Sherlock's belly, on his naked skin underneath his shirt. Sherlock shivered at the touch.
Sherlock didn’t know if he should be angry with John for forcing him to lay it all out on the table or if he should be relieved he could finally get it off his chest and make John see even though he hated the emotions clouding his judgement and leaving him incapable of forming another sentence without a sob joining his words.
Mycroft tuts, shaking his head. "Mary Watson. She is dead.”
“No, I can manage, thanks,” John answered and put the covers onto it quickly before he placed it next to Sherlock’s on the bed. “On which side do you want to sleep?”
“You still want to dance?” Sherlock breathed.
John’s reluctance to follow him vanishes before his doubts can make a home inside his chest.
Sherlock grinned and pressed against John’s lips, loving that he could do this all the time now. Feeling John’s mouth on his was even more addictive than seeing him smile.
Sherlock's flat. He has come back and resumed his life here as if nothing had happened at all.
They drank the rest of their hot chocolates before John got up and helped Sherlock into a standing position as well. »All right, love?« he asked as he brushed an errant curl from his forehead. Sherlock nodded and couldn’t help smiling at the fondness that lay in John’s eyes.
The fever must have got higher, making Sherlock suffer from chills. “I’ll clean out the bucket and get you some water to rinse out your mouth, all right?” he asked him calmly. “And then I’ll take your temperature again.”
John pouted. “Please. Just for an hour or two. If it’s not good, we can leave again.”
He opened the plastic bag and took one out, heading for the sinks. Placing it on his tongue, he cupped his hands and let the water run over them. Before he let any second thoughts get to him, he swallowed the water and the pill with it.
John tells him about the way she controlled people’s minds, how he was forced to shoot the governor, but couldn’t bring himself to do it, how she played with their minds, too, how lost and scared and desperate he felt when Sherlock was forced to say “I love you” to Molly when Eurus threatened to blow up her flat.
When they pulled apart after a little while, John was smiling up at him. With one last peck, they parted, and John headed for the kitchen to make tea. Sherlock sank down on the sofa.
every time he saw him without a shirt on. He had seen John's chest on plenty of occasions, in various situations, from probably all the angles and in every light. But it was different. Now, he was allowed to stare. Now, he was allowed to catalogue. Now, he was allowed to reach out, take a closer look and touch–
“Oh God, ohhh … John! John!!”
Sherlock lifted his hips and John freed his throbbing erection from trousers and pants at once. »God, you're so gorgeous, more than anyone I’ve ever seen,« John breathed and peppered his chest with kisses, trying to touch every inch of him. »I’ve been dreaming of doing this to you so often. You have no idea.«
“I was. I
, Sherlock says.
“What? Why?” Sherlock inquired. Despite not truly understanding the spirit and the point of keeping to traditions, even he would not like to spend Christmas by himself.
“No, everything’s fine,” John said. His expression couldn’t hide his guilt. “I’m really sorry. I should’ve come back to let you know.”
“John–“
John’s other hand came around his waist, pushing up his shirt a little and touching his exposed skin. The little moan that escaped him frightened him. When John touched him, he lost control over the simplest things. All that took over were his senses.
“This is no stupid, meaningless teenage summer love,” Sherlock said earnestly with no trace of doubt in his voice.
»Do you want us to stay forever?« Sherlock asked exasperatedly at which John laughed heartily and took another sip.
John sighed. Sherlock could see in the way he held himself that he was clearly not fine. He had trouble breathing, too.
Once Sherlock was back on his feet, something else changed. John started to kiss him all the time. There was a gentle press of warm lips at the back of his neck when he woke up or a loving kiss when he left for work or came home. John kissed him to ease the lines on Sherlock’s forehead when he was thinking too long and hard; he kissed the tip of his nose to make him smile and the top of his head when they cuddled on the sofa.
“Yes,” John answered, squeezing Sherlock’s hand gratefully.
Sherlock smiled down at him, but couldn’t help the little pang of jealousy that started gnawing at his heart. John settled back against Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock wanted to ask, but he didn’t. He had only just met John. Was this what John was usually after? Just a holiday fling? Those comments couldn’t be serious, not if Greg always teased John that way. Unless he fell in and out of love quickly. Sherlock never really grasped the concept of love at first sight. How could people fall in love after having known each other for mere seconds? They knew nothing about one another. How could they love the other person without knowing them at all? People always said they love certain characteristics about the other person, so Sherlock simply didn’t understand how love was at all possible if the only thing someone knew about the other was their looks. Maybe society just mistook love for lust and decided it was love anyway.
John smirked and kissed his cheek. “I already know the ending.”
John’s chest was warm, just as warm as Sherlock’s face. He could feel John’s cool breath on his skin and his heartbeat under his fingertips. It was calm and steady, quite contrary to his own. The closer he was to John the faster it beat, and the more intense was the tingling sensation inside him. Goosebumps appeared whenever John's fingers brushed against his skin or hair or when he kissed his lips. It was electrifying, and he couldn't get enough of it.
He reached for Sherlock's hands and removed them gently, pushing each button through its hole with steady fingers. He wasn't wearing a vest top underneath either, and so his chest gleamed in its perfection under the fabric. Sherlock marvelled at the sight. He had seen John's naked torso on various occasions, but never this close, never in a situation like this.
"I'm sorry. About everything I did and said last night," he breathed then. "I'm sure you had other things on your mind, and then I frustrated your plans. I really didn't–" It cost so much strength to talk.
Another step. He reaches for Sherlock’s hand. His palm is sweating.
»Mummy!«
John’s hand was on his shoulder. “Sherlock, there’s no spider–“
“I haven’t I’m afraid,” John said apologetically.
This was a sure thing, then. His dad loved Lindt and his mother loved merci chocolate. He’d have a look at the shops later.
John scoffed in his sleep, more than once.
“Thank
Once Sherlock had bought the presents for his parents, they had a look around a few other shops until John suggested going to a Christmas market.
“I can’t remember what happened,” John answers, but hearing this has lifted a weight from his chest.
“Your aural capacity must have suffered immensely. I do not whimper.”
"Something. Anything. Use your mind palace. Just––" He needs to control his breathing, or he will hyperventilate.
»The said on the forecast there would be a snow storm this afternoon,« John murmured as he carded his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
“Good,” John grinned widely and rolled off of him, leaving him unable to determine if he should be thankful or disappointed. John lay close beside him; their bodies aligned from thigh to chest as he placed his strong hand on his hip and rested his head mere inches away from Sherlock’s.
When he saw Irene in her most sparkly attire that the world had ever seen, he almost slammed the door into her face, but Irene beat him to it and stepped inside before he could do anything untoward.
»A Christmas list? Seriously?« John chuckled. »What happened? I thought you hated Christmas.«
No signs of the mess into which they had got themselves. No signs of the fears and the shattered hopes threatening to overwhelm them at some point. No sign of the storm through which they had sailed. Just the quiet aftermath.
“I think you know exactly what I mean.”
Suddenly, the thought occurs to Sherlock that he owes him an apology, which does it for John. Slamming his fist on the table, Sherlock finally stops talking.
Not a broken dream, but flesh and blood. Alive and breathing.
“Look what I’ve got, sunshine,” Irene beamed as she held up two tickets she had apparently purchased in advance.
It’s not Sherlock. It can’t be. This is just his imagination playing tricks on him. He wants him to be there so badly that his subconscious has conjured an image of his dead friend who simply cannot be standing in front of him.
Sherlock looked up from his experiment and stalked over to him with a few large strides. He folded his arms around John from behind and leant in close. »Need help, do you?« he whispered and kissed his ear ever so tenderly.
Sherlock had no idea how to word his thoughts. They didn’t make sense to him, and they were likely quite silly as well.
Another missed chance. It had been a perfect moment; it had been
John grinned and helped him fold the blanket. “All right, then, see you,” he said.
He stopped.
Sherlock reached for a handful of snow and threw it in John’s direction. »This is your fault,« he grumbled.
However, of course, the tables turned. Eventually, the overly aggressive boys used exactly this to their advantage. “At least
“Fuck!” John cursed, digging his fingers into the sheets.
John pulled away immediately. “I’m listening?”
John feels terrible.
"The weather is lovely today. Don't you want to go to the beach?" his grandma suggested, resting her hands on the back of his armchair.
“Neither do I,” John grinned.
“When Ajay found her and confronted her, she mocked him. He followed her all the way down to Morocco where he died because of her,” she says bitterly, toying with a strand of her hair. “I actually intended to get at your wife for killing Ajay. We were so good together, and then she came along and–" Eurus interrupts herself and heaves a deep sigh. “I wanted her to suffer. I wanted her to suffer the way
John grinned widely at the question. »Surprise.«
»There are no coincidences. The universe is rarely so lazy,« Sherlock answered and their eyes locked.
Sherlock parted his lips as soon as he reached the head, running his tongue over it. John tasted bitter and salty, but he didn't care. He once heard that pineapples changed the flavour of ejaculate, and with a smirk, he decided they should conduct this experiment together. He took his time exploring John's cock with his tongue, sneaking it under the foreskin and drawing the sweetest sounds from John's throat. He couldn't help but pull away for one second. "Who can't keep quiet now?" he teased, and John swore under his breath.
When he finally opens his mouth to speak, John cuts him off. “And there’s no need to lie,” he says. Then, “I know you were there. Every night."
John pressed a peck to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. “You look tired.”
Sherlock watched wrinkles around John’s eyes when he smiled and realised he couldn’t tear his eyes away from them.
“Hello.” His voice sounded uncertain, hovering.
“So, … if you’ll have me, Mary, could you see your way to …," he begins but doesn't know how to end the sentence. Can't she just say yes instead of enjoying watching him struggle?
Sherlock smiled softly as he looked at him. “Much better.”
“He was. Until he stopped.”
Sherlock smiled warmly. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.” He realised too late that he’d said it out loud.
The dark-haired boy stared at the floor. “My grandpa stayed over at our place during the holidays when I was twelve. We all went down to Brighton one afternoon and–” Sherlock swallowed at the memory. “He died when we went for a swim in the sea together. He had a heart attack and was dead immediately. I haven’t gone swimming ever since.”
It was the most recent Bond film apparently. John told him the next one was to come out in November. He said that Pierce Brosnan was his favourite leading actor although
Sherlock didn’t have first-hand information on that, but he had been curious and asked Mike and Greg while John was out of earshot, and when Bill heard what they were talking about, he joined their conversation immediately, giving Sherlock insights he wished he could un-know.
“Told me what?” Sherlock breathed. When had he lost his voice?
“Yeah,” John murmured, his arm tightening a little. They fell quiet for a long time. When Sherlock thought John had fallen back asleep, he spoke quietly. “It felt real.”
“I’ll phone Greg and then we'll go up, investigate the room, and find the bastard who did this."
“Not as much as earlier,” Sherlock answered and moved a little closer, not sure how close he should be to John; how close he was wanted.
“You could’ve believed me a moment ago when I made that clear.”
“I’m really not–“
“God, Sherlock.” John’s hand wandered to his cheek and caressed it gently. He leant forward and pressed his lips against Sherlock's for a short moment. “I love you, too. I love you so much. You know that, don’t you? You
"As I said, several things," Sherlock repeats. "And they don't quite add up."
Pain.
She stroked his back slowly with both hands. “It’s all okay. Or at least it will be, I’m sure.”
He ran his hands through his hair. The alcohol was wearing off slightly, but he felt drunk nonetheless.
“Do you want to tell Greg, Mike and Bill?” Sherlock asked in return.
When they broke apart, Sherlock’s gaze fell on the window behind John, watching the little white flakes as they headed for the ground.
that they weren’t. John was not going to have got his back if anything went wrong.
“Ich werd’s euch schon zeigen.” With that, he approached Sherlock slowly. His eyes were sure and piercing as if he were a wild animal, and Sherlock was his prey. He shoved him backwards, and Sherlock staggered. He hadn't noticed how close he was standing to the short ridge of the pavement as he was knocked over with only one try and pinned down by the shoulders. Hands on his throat. Squeezing hard. Thumbs pressing against his throat.
No, he didn’t want John to go. But maybe it would be for the best. As much as he hated it.
“He’s from England, too. Spending the semester break here.”
Their dance became the centre of attention not only of their friend group but also other people who had remained seated cheered them on. It all faded to nothing, though. They were laughing at their own richness in ideas and the ridiculousness of some of them.
“Oh yes, I think there was,” Mike said. “It can be difficult, being around someone who constantly has eyes for others.”
“What are you thinking about?”
So maybe this one time, a simple
John turned his head, too, speaking to him while he looked at their quizzical faces. "We needed a break anyway."
“You gave all your trumps. Very unwise,” Sherlock teased cheekily as he returned to his half to serve.
“I don’t know if I–“
“Yes, she does have her ways of convincing someone of her will. She has been trying to get me to agree to go with her for weeks. All previous attempts have failed, so more drastic measures had to be taken apparently.” Sherlock rolled his eyes at her amaranthine willpower. “I’m not one for social events such as this.”
close. His thighs are trembling; his arms are starting to as well. It’s getting harder to hold himself up and keep up their rhythm. His movements become desperate, frantic even.
“This is not a book.”
“Don’t say you yomped here with that heavy bag all on your own, young man!” Mrs Hudson tutted.
Silence overtook them as they listened to the gentle waves rushing over the stones by the beach. The sound was calming – soothing. It was when John had likely assumed that he had fallen asleep, that he shook his arm lightly.
His mother had always said sometimes it isn’t what you say; it’s your actions that set things in motion. He might give it a try. He’d given John a special gift every year, but maybe it wasn’t special enough. He would have to try harder. He needed something that would convey how much he mattered to him, how much of an impact he had on the detective’s life and how lucky he was to have a friend like John at his side.
"So," Sherlock eventually breaks the silence, "how are you?"
He tiptoed to the end of the corridor and quickly opened the door that led back into their winter garden. There was no way to escape anyway; he knew that. It was raining and raging outside. He would have to face John and whatever he had to say, no matter how much it would hurt, no matter how badly it would break him.
“I couldn’t be better.”
Whenever John touched him, his skin prickled. His heart beat faster and his lungs screamed for air. The lump in his throat would never go away and his cheeks never lost their colour either.
John kissed it away, swallowing the sound, but before long, he pulled back again and trailed his lips and tongue over Sherlock's torso once more, kissing the skin that had remained untouched before.
what I’m saying.”
“But–“ John interrupts him, but suddenly all the words he wanted to say are gone. All his thoughts a mess. His ability to form a proper sentence vanished.
31st January 2017, 01:13 am
Sherlock had been on edge for the entirety of the day, mentally reprimanding himself whenever another thought about it started to make him nervous. There was absolutely no reason to. John had already seen truly every part of him, which is why Sherlock didn't know what the source of this sensation was that felt suspiciously similar to fear.
moment he’d waited for for so long.
"Molly and Mrs Hudson, you mean?" John asks, smiling sadly. He knows Sherlock always had a soft spot for these two women, as did John.
“Oh, I didn’t know that,” John answered and looked back at Sherlock. “But that’s great! I bet you’ll get in, though.”
“That’s illegal,” John comments, slightly annoyed because Sherlock doesn’t let him call the police.
He nodded.
God, he didn't want to remember any of the things he had had to go through, but at this moment, he knew that he would endure it all again if it only meant John would stay with him. He was immensely grateful for whatever it was that brought him into his life, into his bed, into his arms.
His fingers were cold and unsteady so he had to warm up at first. After just a few simple finger exercises, he began to play a soft and tender tune, it was barely audible. Like the gentle breath of wind, the silent prelude that led up to the climax with an intense crescendo.
February, 09:45 am
An awkward silence filled the room like smoke from a chimney; every now and then, one of them made a remark about the show they were watching on telly, which the other commented with a hum. When they finally found a topic to talk about, they kept the conversation casual and simple. It was horribly uncomfortable and Sherlock just wanted to escape.
Sherlock lay in the sheets; a thin film of sweat covered his forehead and his chest, which was still heaving minutes later. John had kissed him sweetly before he had disappeared downstairs to make breakfast. Sherlock had let him go reluctantly, his fingers clinging to John’s hair. His fingertips brushed over the soft stubble on John’s chin when John pulled back.
Sherlock winces at John's shout, making John feel even more sorry for it. For God's sake, he's been trying to get his life back on track after everything that's happened, and yet all he does is make it all worse. He sets down the glass on the table and presses both palms of his hands to his eyes. Sherlock is right, of course.
John’s fingers kept rolling his other nipple, making the entire experience even more intense.
"If it matters to you, it matters." Mike's voice was soft and compassionate, and Sherlock hated it. What the hell did he know about his inner strife anyway?
Before the moment would lose its intimacy and become more than embarrassing, he sank back against the pillow.
When John woke and Sherlock was facing the opposite wall, he shifted a little and pulled him closer as if to assure himself this was real, to assure himself Sherlock was still there, sleeping soundly.
»I pull myself together all the time when he’s around, in case you haven’t noticed,« Sherlock snorted and reached for his mug.
The beginning of the season for surfers and rowers and also the time that was most attractive for tourists, families and kids. The time of beach parties and discos at every weekend.
No, there’s none of this.
He looks down at her sleeping frame. She is beautiful. He is fortunate to have her in his life. Maybe they'll be a happy couple someday. Perhaps she can help him get over Sherlock because he has to. Those comments are becoming unbearable.
“Hmm.” John brushed their noses together; their lips less than an inch apart. “You fell for me anyway.”
“Is this your brother?” he heard John ask.
John laughed and wound his arm around him, reaching for his hips. “You don’t really care about those anyway, do you?”
She pointed to the vegetable aisle, but there were no orange pumpkins left.
“Maybe. But one of us has to be,” John laughed softly, infecting Sherlock with it within one second only. Another thing he hated about John.
When he realises Sherlock’s growing shock, he swallows hard. He wishes there was still some tea left. “Don’t get me wrong. I love Rosie. She’s everything. I wouldn’t give her up for the world. It’s just– I wasn’t ready to be a father, and Mary seemed to know
“How are you feeling today?” John asked softly, his lips on his temple.
"Oh, GOD!"
"Come on, I'll show you the rest of the house," he said then, leading John upstairs and showing him his room. "Don't mind the mess, I wanted to straighten some things up, but I need things within reach, and it would've been pointless–"
“I’ve got you, love,” he whispered, “I’m here.”
»Perhaps St. Nicholas thought you’d appreciate a little treat since you have to endure all these horrible traditions. Besides you had a rough evening yesterday,« John answered calmly.
John wasn’t the only one who has been forced to fight on his own all this time. He thought that because Sherlock had Mycroft watching over him, he was privileged, but was he really? In the end, it had been John that Sherlock had chosen, chosen to trust, chosen to move in with, chosen to save and be saved by. Or from?
“What did I say?”
A thick layer of snow was covering the ground when Sherlock left the house as it had been snowing all day. It was really coming down in huge flakes now and he knew he would have to hurry up in order to get back before the storm started.
He feels his orgasm approach with giant steps, but he wants something else despite how heavenly this feels.
»I’m very happy to have you here this year, John, and I know Sherlock is, too. He told me about it on the phone,« she grinned. »He hasn’t sounded this excited in a long time.«
John appeared in all of those dreams, but he was always so far away. Just a shadow in the darkness, a hallucination in the fog, never staying and always increasing the distance.
His brother’s words clouded his head. Snarky, hurtful remarks. He hated Mycroft – he hated John – but most of all, he hated himself.
“John!” he exclaimed and sat up straighter. “What are you doing here?”
She handed him the DVD.
“It wasn’t too late, John. You have to stop dwelling on the past,” Sherlock answers, and his voice is calm but insistent.
“You don’t have to–“
is addicted to, been a terribly annoying but also an endearingly charming friend who cared more about him than he let on. Yes, he had weird habits, like talking to a skull on their mantelpiece and keeping body parts in the fridge – the head had been the biggest shock in John's life when he opened the fridge door – next to the food John actually intended to eat, but John got to see the parts of him that nobody else got to see, that nobody else had ever looked for, merely characterising him as the weirdo who solved crimes for fun and conducted odd experiments. But Sherlock had a heart, too, a very fragile one, as John realised very soon into their friendship. The Adler case still weighs heavily on his heart and procures jealousy inside him by just thinking about the way she played with his head and made him interested in her, be it only for her intellect. He had hated how heartbroken Sherlock became once she "died". Maybe he should already have known back then, but nobody had forced himself to come to terms with his own feelings at that time. It had taken Sherlock's own death for him to finally acknowledge how much he cared about him and to accept that this was the case.
He takes a deep breath, but even that hurts. He feels the panic rise. It races through his body, stirring the blood in his veins, leaving him out of breath.
“Besides, who gets to decide what is normal and what isn’t? It’s always subjective. I don’t think you need to conform to anything to live your life the way you want to.”
»Sherlock?« John called from the living room, both hands on the present that lay on the table in front of him.
“You were at my brother’s office,” Sherlock stated. “Why would you try to palm me off with such a stupid excuse?”
In the end, he came back to Baker Street with empty hands and a still heavy purse.
“Throw the ball to me,” John asked him and Sherlock bent over to get it.
As usual, the detective looks out of the window – onto the now silent street below – only illuminated by a few lampposts. He is clad in his blue silk dressing gown, swaying in rhythm with the music. His bare feet keep moving to the left and to the right; left and right. John briefly worries he might be cold.
John fiddles with his fingers nervously as he thinks about what has happened and what it has made of him, so lost in thought that he jerks when the door to his room suddenly opens, and Sherlock enters.
He could feel John smile against his skin before he let his lips trail over his pecs, lower and lower to his belly, to the side over his pelvis until his chin brushed against the buttons of his shorts. Sherlock gasped silently when John’s fingers sneaked under his waistband to undo the button and to unzip him, pulling down the trousers. He lifted his hips for him to slip out of them more easily.
“I’ve been such an idiot,” John whispers and only then realises he said it out loud. He takes another step forward. “I’m sorry. I should’ve realised. God, everything you’ve done for me and I–"
Sherlock’s body was trembling with pleasure. His imagination had ever come remotely close to this. This was indescribable, unimaginable if you hadn’t experienced it.
think (!!!) about him all the time.
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed. “Prickly.”
»Get dressed,« John said then.
»Still no case?« John asked who was slightly amused by the scene.
»Talking of food, it’s ready in about two minutes,« Mrs Holmes said warmly. »So come to the dining room.«
He went lower and lower, and Sherlock had the feeling he was giving him a massage. He didn't care if he was or not, but he wanted him to keep doing it. His fingers ghosted over Sherlock's skin, applying the sunscreen with kneading movements of his fingertips and Sherlock wasn't sure if it was heaven or hell.
“Isn’t that everyone’s goal? Appearing in a cute boy’s dreams?”
“That’s her …” he whispers. “It’s–“
»Yes?«
When he repeated the same on the other side, Sherlock’s hand found John’s hair, running his fingers over his scalp, through the blond wisps that always tickled his neck in the mornings when he woke up.
»Hmm, I guess I have to live with it,« Sherlock murmured and wanted to pull back just slightly to look at John when his gaze fell on his violin on the table. This was it. This was
“Did this happen before?” John asked. “You just passing out?”
do that to you.”
"I texted Greg before we went up there, telling him to step in should the situation get too precarious. The police arrived just in time and shot her in the leg," Sherlock tells him. "The shot presumably startled you because you almost tipped over the edge. I only just managed to get a hold of your jacket to pull you back on the roof, but your knees gave way, and you passed out on the concrete. It's a light concussion, I assume."
“Yeah.”
“That never happened before, just so you know, at least not all of them at once.”
John opens his mouth to speak but soon closes it again, then takes a step towards Sherlock, gesturing with his hand. "How … how long?"
The garments hadn’t even landed on the floor yet when Sherlock’s fingers were fumbling with John’s fly. John helped Sherlock remove his jeans and straddled his hips. Quiet groans cut through the silence in the darkness when their erections touched. The sensations intensified when John started kissing him again and reached between them. “Do you have lube?”
“It was controlled usage. I calculated every dosage–“
________________________________________
»What do you want?« came the still slightly irritated and downcast answer.
They lay there, breathing heavily, fingers grazing lazily over each other’s heated skin.
He needed John to be with him forever.
Sherlock. At the end of the endless tunnel. His silhouette stood out in the bright light, coming from behind him. He needs to get there. He needs–
Sherlock lay on his back, breathing in and out shallowly. “Do you have trouble breathing?” John inquired immediately, but Sherlock shook his head.
“You were dancing with every girl that crossed your path. I couldn’t– I wanted to forget, if only for a few hours. I thought–”
“I didn’t take you for a liar.”
“We both know that’s not the truth,” Sherlock says.
»I teach you things all the time,« Sherlock murmured as he handed the gift to John.
They kissed until their lips were swollen and John broke their connection, lying down beside him. He nuzzled Sherlock’s neck affectionately, making him feel warm all over.
in his life.
“I bet you’re a real science geek,” Greg laughed as he sipped on his coke
Sherlock’s face is so close now.
He takes her to the bedroom, pushes her onto the bed. Sherlock takes a seat on the chair close to the window.
Someone opened the front door thirty minutes later.
He sees the shock and the pain that lie in the lines on his forehead and between his eyes, the shock and pain at his own reaction; still wary of John’s fast approach, his rage, his despair.
, Sherlock thought,
“You have now.”
“Yes,” he answered, resting his head on John’s chest once more. “What you said, it just. It reminded me of my brother. He used to tell me the same thing when we were kids. I never conformed to anything. It’s stupid to start now, isn’t it?”
»I will do my very best,« Sherlock told him sarcastically.
“I know your gun is fake," Sherlock said and turned around, but the man's greasy smile told him he just made an enormous mistake by saying this. However, they stopped in their steps, and the main road wasn't that far away yet. Time was his second enemy because it was getting dark.
Sherlock nodded. They were quiet for a few minutes, enjoying the comfortable silence stretching between them.
John wants to gather him in his arms whenever he finishes another story. Sherlock always brushes it off as if it were nothing. John wants to tell him how wrong that is, and he does, very often, how it is the opposite of nothing.
“I’ve been an idiot …" he whispers. "I just know that I would have been very happy had you told me," he says. "And I know that I will never allow you to think that lowly of yourself again. You matter, and even if you don't to some people, you do to Mycroft and Greg and Molly and Mrs Hudson and Rosie, and your parents. And most of all, to me."
“You’re disgusting!” the man yelled at him.
“You should be in hospital,” he murmured as he sat down beside the bed.
“Jesus, Harry. Do you know how expensive it is to call me when I’m abroad?”
The last note rang out quietly and Sherlock closed his eyes. John radiated a sense of calm making him sleepy, but he wanted to stay awake. He wanted John to fall asleep so he might turn around in his arms and face him, watch him sleep, observe every little flutter of his eyelids and listen to every sound he made when he was dreaming. He would memorise every valuable piece of information and keep it safe in his mind palace.
“A client?” John askes immediately, but Sherlock shakes his head.
“Neither did you.”
Sherlock closed the door behind him, pocketed his keys and walked down the few steps, following John and Greg who crossed the street.
“I never really thought about it, to be honest,” John answered. “It certainly never happened to me before."
“Who’s anxious now?” Sherlock laughs; that deep, vibrating laugh reverberates through the room.
“Oh, come on, Greg,” Mike finally chastised him, clapping on his back with his hand. “Leave the poor boy alone with your accusations.”
Sherlock merely shrugged and took another sip to spare John the answer.
Dancing in close proximity to John was certainly not an option; least of all when he’d had a bit of alcohol and could control his actions even less.
He was standing in the doorway to their living room. John barely dreamt of the flat, so it was a surprise. A relief from the monotony. Well, not quite a relief. Dreams of Sherlock always left a dull ache once he woke up, so relief was a word with a connotation too positive.
"Watch me," Irene promised with a smile that was undoubtedly going to bring the opposite of a blessing.
“Don’t you dare start this conversation,” Sherlock replied, somehow overcome by embarrassment at his midnight sexual appetite, and John held up his hands in defeat. “Besides, you don’t have any reason to complain.”
The pain grows more intense with every second ticking by. His pulse must be erratic. It is only a question of time until his lungs will give out …
"Take it to the beach. It won't be boring then," Oma Karla said with a wink and a grin before she went to the bathroom to retrieve the sun milk.
“She’s safe, sleeping upstairs in her crib.”
“Try more force,” John kept telling him. “And set it higher.”
It hadn’t just been
“You didn’t ask.”
“Who taught you this?”
"Tasted blood, eh?" John teased, and his fingers were ghosting over his bare back, tingling slightly.
John shakes his head, unable to believe that he lived with this lie for years without suspecting a damn thing.
“We should do that more often,” John said, nipping at his drink.
13th February 2017, 9:24 pm
. But it won’t, the engine simply rattles on, puffing and blowing and–
When John buried his nose between his legs, Sherlock thought he was falling. He gasped and groaned and pressed up against John, hoping he had spent long enough in the shower earlier and that he didn't smell unappealing. He nosed his way along Sherlock's length, breathing against him, making him shiver.
John chuckled heartily. »You look like a precious snowflake,« he grinned.
“What?”
“Move! Move!” he hears someone shout. “MOVE!”
“I’ve already told you how sorry I am for putting you through all of this, but … should you doubt my feelings again, should you think I could
"Oh, I am," she smirks. "You wouldn't be here if I weren't. We all make mistakes, of course – you made massive ones – and naturally, there are always some reminders of those. Now, let me remind you how much of a mistake you've made, John Watson." The smile vanishes. Instead, her lips form a tight line, and her voice is ice cold.
"What's its name?" John presses on, curious to get behind the secret.
»It’s your turn to get the shopping,« John reminded him in a playful tone.
He put on warm socks and went back to the living room. Was it getting chillier in here or was it just him? The detective checked the radiator; it was on, but cold. It was hardly surprising the whole flat was cold, too, then.
“It’s what I do.”
»Oh, John. I’m glad there’s finally someone who took over the job of telling him that,« his mother chuckled softly.
John – thankfully – turned around, but he was away more than fifteen metres and still not on his way back. “Please!”
“What’s wrong?”
»Don’t you
Karla smiled softly. “He’s lucky you’re his friend.”
“Jesus …”
Sherlock’s hands wander over his sides, smiling. He’s still amazed John would say it out loud so often; John will make sure to let him hear it whenever he wants to, just to see this smile, the spark in his eyes, the blush deepening in colour on his cheeks as often as he can. Right now though, the expression in Sherlock’s eyes grows impatient.
»I’d love to give in to your, as it seems, thoroughly planned distraction, but we have to wrap the presents first,« John murmured, turning his head to lean into the soft brush of lips against the shell of his ear.
A few audible sounds break free from his throat. Not loud enough, not loud enough. He can smell the bitter smoke from a torch. They wouldn’t. They
"But … I thought you … you and her ..." John takes an embarrassed sip from his tea. "We've been through this before when I told you to take the chance, text her back. I don't … I just want you to be happy."
He didn’t deserve being taken care of like this after everything he did last night. He was lucky he hadn’t died. Why didn’t he think properly before he swallowed that stuff? Why didn’t he stop drinking before everything became a blur?
And that was when their haste lost all impatience and slowed to more sensuous touches and kisses. Their fingers seemed almost too lazy to push buttons through holes and unbuckle belts, shove down waistbands. The alcohol had broken all the barriers and taken down the walls, and all that was left was the desire for each other in their sleep-deprived state.
was a mess. At the brink of death in a mundane bedsit with nothing more to rely on than an army pension that was nowhere near enough to keep him alive for longer than a couple of months. Sherlock had somehow managed to turn his entire life around; cured his limp within less than 24 hours of having met him, given him the sort of danger he craved for his adrenaline kicks that John
John quickly breaches the gap between them with two large strides, grabs Sherlock's neck and pulls him down for a hard kiss, ending with a loud smacking noise. "Of course I will, idiot," he says affectionately, presses a kiss to Sherlock's nose and jogs up the stairs. He can barely stop himself from blowing Sherlock a kiss before entering Rosie's room to calm her down.
He was going to kill Irene.
“All right.” Sherlock sets the mug down, grabbing the sink, clearing his throat. "Well, I am not nervous. I wonder what makes you think that."
»Hey, love. You okay?« John asked and interrupted Sherlock’s thoughts, making him jump.
It feels like it is never going to end.
Sherlock smiles sadly then. “As much as I hate to admit it, but … I was wrong.”
"Because," she steps closer, pointing the gun at his chest, "it's fun," she whispers. "I advise you not to move …"
.« He needed John to touch him; he’d never needed anyone to touch him so badly.
»Merry Christmas, John.« Sherlock’s voice was still a little rough and hoarse.
»I think the story is beautiful and Clara is such a lovely girl and I wish everyone could visit the Land of the Dolls. I bet being able to fly on a swan and play or talk to the dolls is amazing,« Allie replied.
John giggled and propped up on his elbow. "I thought you would've figured it out by now."
Sherlock held onto his hands with all his might, so he wouldn’t squeeze any harder. “Get off me,” he wheezed. Too difficult – to breathe – too quickly.
When his trousers were gone, only two very thin layers of dark cotton separated him from John who was smiling softly up at him when he took in the state he was in. He was hard and felt more aroused than he ever had.
Before Sherlock can do what he very clearly intends to do, though, John beats him to it and grabs his face in both his hands, kissing him hard, catching Sherlock's bottom lip with his teeth, nibbling and biting gently, making Sherlock collapse on top of John's chest. Their middles are touching; their almost aligned cocks brush against each other. He welcomes the friction, moaning against Sherlock’s gasping mouth.
Sherlock got up silently and did as John told him. The hard truth John was lying to him again stung its way into his heart like a sharp knife.
13th February 2017, 9:18 pm
"No, you are perfect," Sherlock grins against his hair.
Sherlock made a face and rested his head against the back. “It’s sticky.”
»No, I guess it wasn’t. I just don’t understand why you hate it so much,« John answered.
“You don’t need to laugh,” John says. “I know you don’t do this sort of thing. I shouldn’t have told you– I should– Yeah, I should go back upstairs.” He gets up and makes for the door, not wanting to look back, but Sherlock saying his name freezes him on the spot.
“I would make a soup out of the interior stuff, but I don’t know if I have to arrange your funeral first.”
“John …” Sherlock breathed, staring at the ring. The entire situation left him utterly incapable of forming another word, but no other word seemed suitable or necessary. Just John.
Once they were in a cab, Sherlock‘s body sank against John's who smiled fondly at his friend and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, causing Sherlock to sigh contentedly. He’s definitely had too much even though it was just mulled wine, but all things considered, it had been a successful evening and John had accomplished to cheer Sherlock up after all.
He got out of the tub before his skin started to wrinkle and dried himself off. He wrapped the towel around his hips, unlocked the door and stepped back into his room where he found John sitting on his bed, reading.
31st January 2017, 01:10 am
“No. Please, John. It’s just not my thing.” Sweating bodies overly smelling of perfume dancing next to each other, the idea wasn’t very appealing to him.
When he tried to sit up, a sharp pain shot through his head, and he groaned quietly. He brought his hands up to his head, massaging his temples lightly. His arms were aching, too. Jesus, what had he thought he was doing when he swallowed that stuff…
He doesn't have to be. Sherlock's eyes are slightly wet, too, but they're not judging, not blaming, not cold. A soft expression lies in them, and John feels some of the tension leave his body.
“Shall I release you from all your sorrow?” Mary asked him, her voice was full of mocked sympathy.
“I thought you were played out,” Sherlock grinned and wrapped his arms around John’s neck.
He found himself lucky because John almost never spent a day without him, unless they went on a trip Sherlock wasn’t interested in joining, like the 20 miles bike-tour they did last week. When he imagined the possibilities this tour entailed, he was relieved he had stayed at home. John’s sweaty t-shirt and his backside on a saddle, leaning forward onto his handlebar, most of his muscles contracting and flexing, his breathing laboured as he pedalled hard was certainly nothing he needed to experience himself. Merely the mental picture of it was enough to take his breath away.
His previous enthusiasm and ardour of discovery faded a little and made room for an intimidating feeling. He wanted to make this good for John; he had started this so now he was going to finish it. Maybe he should’ve been a bit more reserved earlier on. It had been years since he’d last had another man in his bed after all.
"Might as well," Sherlock replies, looking surprised by John's reaction. Usually, when John wants tea, he is either terribly upset or feels the need to talk about something (but never does, in the end). So John puts the kettle on, hustling and bustling about the kitchen, looking for milk and tea bags and sugar while waiting for the water to boil. When the tea is finally in the mugs, he returns to Sherlock, handing him his cup before sitting down himself. John blows over the hot liquid to cool it down, watching Sherlock intensely over the rim of his mug.
John laughed. “Just do it again.”
»See you tonight,« Sherlock answered and John smiled so brightly at him Sherlock still wondered how he got so lucky.
“All right,” Mary said, the expression on her face was unreadable. “You’ll take him to a clinic, then?”
was enough.
Sherlock's mouth quirks, "I dabble in it." John merely shakes his head.
“It’s hard work, but I like helping people that way.”
“Please tell me you didn’t hurt yourself.”
Brought him to full hardness without even touching him once, which is definitely something to keep in mind for future reference, John thinks self-complacently.
“Are you insane?” Sherlock asked, shivering as the cold embraced him, leaving goosebumps on his skin. He rubbed his arms.
“Better?”
"When you hit me with the ball, you came over immediately, asking if I was all right – sure, it could be out of politeness – but you just asked again, making sure really I am. You wanted to help just in case I was hurt. If one follows those observations, one comes to the conclusion you aim to work in the medical field. Of course, it's only a shot in the dark, but there are calluses on your hands, indicating you work part-time – your job must be hard because your calluses are thicker than average, maybe it's even more than just one job –  to afford all the expenses you have. Courses at uni aren’t normally so expensive that one has to get more than one job to afford them; it’s an expensive course, then. The first possibility that crossed my mind was medicine. I could be wrong about that, but the look on your face proves I’m not.”
, Sherlock thought, but kept quiet.
“Fine, let’s watch this one, then. Don’t complain if I predict the ending.”
It was hard to meet John's movements because he did not know what felt better eventually. The fingers inside him or the sensation of John's hand on his cock. The only thing he knew was to hold on for dear life, or both sensations would stop feeling this good. The angle was simply perfect.
“Sherlock Holmes, you keep surprising me.”
“Fair point,” John smiled softly as he took off his jacket and laid it on the back of Sherlock’s desk chair before he sat down in the armchair facing the window. “You can almost see the sea.”
, study the incomprehensible man that was John Watson, he discreetly snuck into the back rows of the rugby matches taking place twice a month. John was a marvellous player, the team captain – what else would he be,
“I’m glad he didn’t cut you,” he told him as he took a step back.
“Great.” John got up from his chair, grabbed the hem of his shirt and pulled it over his head, exposing a tan and muscular chest. Behind a very thin patch of blond body hair were his quite distinct pectoral muscles that flexed when he reached down to undo the button of his shorts and for a moment, Sherlock didn’t remember how to breathe.
John’s answering smile was warm and understanding. His hand came up to Sherlock’s cheek. “I told you. We’ll figure it out,” he promised. “If we go too far too quickly, you can tell me. Your body, your rules. You set the pace. All right?”
men because of the consequences it involved – my horrible father finding out and wanting me to go to hell. People’s expectations of you in general."
Sherlock couldn’t suppress a laugh. “Well, I’m glad you enjoyed the view.”
Okay is … okay. Not good, and not bad. He still wants it to be better … because that’s how things have been in the beginning. They have been good.
Bitter. Pathetic. He is pathetic.
“Both your father and I are very proud of you, Sherlock. You know that, don’t you?” his mother asked him in her overly sentimental tone that Sherlock has never been able to listen to for more than exactly 2.57 seconds before a very inconvenient feeling began to spread through his abdomen.
When he stood by the door, a quiet gasp of broke free from his chest, be it only because he had brought some distance between himself and the terrible situation that had started out so wonderfully.
He leant over John's body, fingers resting on his hips and thumbs drawing small circles on his skin. He kissed John's groin almost too tenderly, but then John kept teasing him all the time as well. Above him, John let out a gasp. A musky scent found its way to Sherlock's nose, and he catalogued the smell while he still could. Running his tongue over the patches of skin that he had kissed, he slowly reached the inside of John's thigh, remaining there for a little while, using his teeth to nibble at the golden skin and to leave a faint mark there.
“But you know, it shouldn’t matter, what other people expect or think of you. Everyone’s different. That’s what makes us human, I suppose. We’d need millions and millions of subcategories for everything to really fit in because we think in pigeonholes and stereotypes. It’s not necessary to always define every little feature of ourselves or character trait or even who we fall in love with. It’s only ever going to hold us back from actually finding out who we are because we stop looking for new and different perspectives.”
Sherlock fell quiet. He had no intention of going into the whole story again especially since he had to relive it last night.
“I didn’t say you were.”
"Why did you not come and visit me after… our fight?" John finally dares to ask. "I would have liked to apologise in person."
»Which is a phrase for something very different, isn’t it.«
John had probably already noticed, too. Otherwise, he wouldn't be smiling like an idiot. “Is this going to be a regular occurrence?”
The girl on the plane keeps reappearing.
“Sherlock.” Someone wouldn’t stop calling his name. Couldn’t they just leave him alone for a second? They had already interrupted his dream several times, never allowing him to solve the case.
»I hate the coercion to smile in them,« the detective countered and tried to snuggle closer against John’s warm body.
They broke apart and looked around. A lot of people were genuinely making so much noise
»It was a gift,« John shrugged. »I couldn’t just throw it away.«
“Maybe?” Sherlock wanted to do something about the grin on John’s face.
“I answered all of your questions a few days ago, too.”
“Hey, you all right?” John’s voice brought him back to reality.
He didn't mind as long John didn't either, but it was different from walking to the restaurant, which was at least have an hour's walk away, with people turning around to take secret glances, to stare.
And yet before John can fully process what's happening, he finds himself stumbling backwards two steps as two arms and a cold body press into him, against his chest, asking for an embrace. John does this, surprised but not unwilling, but when Sherlock's trembling body does nothing but quiver in his arms, doubts fill him whether this is right.
»Well, according to you I am an idiot, too. Now, go,« John told him and squeezed his arm gently. Sherlock looked at John’s hand where it was touching him and closed his eyes for a moment. »Take care of yourself, and don’t you dare do anything stupid or rash. Text me if anything goes wrong and you
John took the thermometer out of Sherlock’s mouth after a couple of minutes and had a look at the temperature scale. »I was right. You’re feverish.«
Giggling, he freed himself from John’s grasp, and turned onto his back, pulling at the hem of the blanket and pushing it away, revealing a grinning John whose expression showed nothing but fondness. “You’re an idiot.”
»Thanks for helping me carry, love,« John said sarcastically as he came in and set it down next to the door. He had never actually seen Sherlock’s room. He hadn’t ever had a particular reason to, but he couldn’t deny he had been interested when they visited his parents for the first time last year.
“Well, neither do I,” John laughed and headed for the haven’s exit. “Might be more peaceful at yours, though.”
more work; something to do; just
He kneels on the floor. Sherlock holds Rosie in his arms. He is smiling, waving, pointing at John before he hands her over with a wide grin. John presses a kiss to her head as he holds her close.
The sour taste soon faded, and everything he focused on was kissing back, playing with John's tongue, trying to keep up with its vigour –
“Come, I’ll show you,” John answered, taking his hand and leading him to the bathroom. Once they were out of sight, he let his hand disappear in Sherlock’s hair and pulled him down into a kiss, licking over his upper lip and tasting the sweetness of chocolate and cinnamon that was still lingering on Sherlock’s tongue.
"I love you, too, Sherlock." He leant forward, their foreheads touching lightly. He pressed a kiss to Sherlock's lips and carded his fingers through his curls. It was enough for his lids to fall slowly over his eyes one last time that night.
He reached for Sherlock’s left hand with his right one and intertwined their fingers. “You just need to let go. I’ve got you, love,” he whispered and kissed down his groin once more, lingering at the base of his cock– Oh God, what was he doing, wha–
He made coffee and tried to find something edible in his too empty fridge. An aspirin from the bathroom cupboard was unavoidable after all, and he figured John would need the same once he woke. He prepared breakfast – he hoped John would accept this for breakfast, anyway – for him. It was almost half past one, but he knew John would appreciate something to eat, especially the tablet. When he entered the bedroom, John was stirring in his sleep and eventually squinted up at him as he set the tray down on the bedside table.
, Sherlock thought.
Sherlock never talked about his feelings. He expressed his emotions during mood swings, which does not really count, and the sensitive way he coerced the sweetest and saddest tunes out of his violin, which comes a bit closer to letting his feelings out, but he never talked about the feelings that genuinely mattered to him, that bothered him even. He cannot be sure.
He knew he loved John. He felt more affection for him than he ever had for anyone else. Nevertheless, he also knew that he was hurting him, and it made him wonder if he loved him enough. He didn't want to love him if he was hurting him. John didn't deserve this.
John smiled to himself and earned a questioning look from Sherlock. »What’s so funny about that?«
John huffs a breath of laughter through his tears.
“So are you,” Sherlock murmured, his voice was hoarse and deeper than ever. He didn’t know how many cigarettes he had tortured his lungs with, but it had been too many.
“I’m not,” John said. “Look, let me explain–“
That seems to catch Sherlock off-guard because all of a sudden his smile vanishes and the crow's feet around his eyes disappear. Has he gone rigid in his arms?
What mattered was the man who loved him with all his heart, who accepted him with all his quirks, moods and attitudes and who wanted to be with him for the rest of his life.
He stares at the coffee table in front of him, looking at the scotch tumbler that he set down rather forcefully. "How could I not see what she wanted to do to us," he hissed. "I can't believe she fooled me three times. And you, too!"
“I didn’t even know you were interested in this.” John started nibbling at his earlobe, making Sherlock feel as if he would explode any second now and the thigh currently rubbing against his middle wasn’t helping at all.
His grandma realised she must have skipped the page of his swollen cheek and went back to the beginning, finally finding the one she was looking for in the first place. John laughed at that and told him he was a very cute kid. Sherlock didn’t know what to make of it.
“Just because you don’t like the raisins, it does not mean I don’t,” John replies out loud. Not a good idea.
. About
