Immediately, I hear a resounding chorus of
“No, just putting it away,” he answered quickly, face starting to burn as Mike and several other classmates turned to stare at him. “My friend--”
A quick look around the trail and he found a suitable tree, one with a hefty branch bent at a right angle to the trunk, high enough off the ground to do the job. He pulled the rope from his pocket and tossed it over the branch, hanging from both ends briefly to test the strength of the wood. It held, and his lips curled into a private, resigned smile. He tied it off quickly and made a loop on the end with a slip knot. Stepping back, he admired his quick handiwork, then nodded and turned towards the dark path that led off into the wood.
My hands reach up to claw at my throat, feeling the tube that was hastily jammed down it being slowly, torturously removed.
Keeping my hand flat on the pile, I respond quietly, "I’ll have them all the same.”
“I’m no blushing virgin, John, no need to protect my virtue. You can tell me! Although you’re not usually one to kiss and tell, so I’ll have to just assume it’s going fine and leave it at that. Perhaps next time you can let me know and I’ll do my hoovering to give you boys some privacy, hm?” she adds, patting my arm tenderly.
and he’s asking a man (
he's so much better than that.
, John,” I respond, wrapping my arm further around his waist and pulling him close to me. My heart races, pounding against my ribs so hard I keep his chest a few inches from mine, knowing it’ll give me away. With my other hand, I grasp his and pull it up, settling us into typical ballroom waltz positioning. “Now,” I start, throat tight. “We’ll start with me leading so you can understand the basics, and then you’ll take the lead so you can practice.”
He’s just as awkwardly uncomfortable and silent as I am, the both of us stuck in this moment of intensity that feels particularly foreign. Neither of us have ever been skilled at discussing matters of sentiment, and it seems we both become distressingly mute in the face of it between us.
, without restraints, yeah? He won’t leave Sherlock, and while I can’t guarantee he’ll remember the details of what happened, he
“Ready? One step at a time. We’ll get there, Sherlock.”
It breaks my heart to know I caused him this much pain.
we’re talking about. A bullet to the leg is hardly enough to kill him. Hell, he didn’t even die when he jumped off the roof of Bart’s. I’m starting to think he might be invincible.”
him from me, you took Sherlock from me, you
. A way to forget. A way to try to move on, or heal, or...something. I love her, and being with her would be...fine. But it wouldn’t be...it wouldn’t be…,” he trails off, shaking his head.
A shadow moved amongst the birch trunks, there and then gone again as he blinked.
I spent the walk back to the village deep in thought, replaying our interaction and dissecting it. Watson is clearly from this area of Germany given his skin tone, bone structure, and general stature, though he is not from this village. He has no ties to the people here, and seems to be a bit of a mystery to them. It is likely that he had a traumatic or shameful event occur in the last place he lived, probably his hometown, and so he needed to cut all semblance of relation from his life in order to continue on. No one need know of him or his secret past, whatever that may be. It is intriguing, to say the least, and puts him at the top of my list of potential suspects for the disappearance of the sportsman.
A frustrating expression crosses his features, lips turning down and eyebrows furrowing. He looks
Another groan and I’m out of the bed, rolling my shoulders and cracking my back as I shake the last bit of sleep from my bones. My clothing, which should have been littered all over the floor after I pulled it off last night, is folded neatly and stacked on top of the wardrobe. The sight of it gives me pause; Sherlock must have done it. Another oddly considerate thing, especially for him. Snatching my pants off the top, I yank them on and consider the rest of my clothes before shrugging and heading to the doorway. I hate wearing clothing twice. Reminds me too much of being on tour in the desert, where water may as well be gold and washing clothing more than once a month is a luxury only afforded by the wealthy elite.
“You’re just glad I have a
Was he in the wood? He struggled against his dissipating thoughts, grasping clumsily at them like a child trying to catch minnows in a pond. He remembered the stone circle. He remembered Mycroft with his yellow eyes, and he remembered the burning in his chest as he slowly suffocated beneath the penetrating stare of the man next to him now.
--except for the pained grimace on his face, contorting his features.
a distraction last night. We both did. His sanity was bordering on mania, stuck in his Mind Palace searching for solutions without nearly enough data and playing a harsh, wretched-sounding piece on his violin. The theme song to his desperation. Watching him made me a bit sick, even though I’ve seen him like this a million times before and I expect I’ll see him like it a million more times. Last night was different, so different, though.
today,” he purred. John dropped down as instructed, then brought his hands down to tangle in Sherlock’s hair.
, John never just
“Tomorrow night,” John whispered to himself with a grin.
Turns out, very little.
John nodded. “So long as you promise me--experiments stay at the lab.”
, now that was
It is a bit odd, Hudders, how suspicious the townsfolk are, cautious and overly guarded even after I introduce myself and state my business. The only person who has seemed interested in me so far was the man at the market, but even his curiosity was bizarre. It seems Germany is far removed from our society in so much more than just geography. I have a feeling about it, though, that I can’t seem to shake. I’m not prone to trusting it as base instinct, as I instead attribute it to observations made by my senses that my brain has yet to categorize, but there is a shiver that crawls up my spine whenever I am contemplating this intriguing case. There is something I’m missing, and I will certainly find out what it is.
Looking down at his body, he fought back the sting in his eyes. He had lost a significant amount of weight while living with Sherlock. He tried to remember the last time he ate, and found himself coming up short. Shutting his eyes, he focused.
. It’s not fair. Distrust feels involuntary, like slamming a foot on the brake to avoid an accident even when you’re not the driver.
“John?” he asks nervously.
Another retch, then the flush of the loo. “Go
I clear our plates once we finish, stacking them in the sink.
, purple-rose cock.
Mary. The smile yanking at the corners of his lips gave it away. An old lover, perhaps? Or a crush? Curious.
“What?” John finally asks quietly, his voice tight as he lifts his head off the pillow to stare at me. His eyes darken substantially, face growing weary as he shuts down, closing himself off. The vulnerability he offered me before is withdrawn with the hard set of his jaw and the clench of his teeth.
. He spun around in the middle of the cave, eyes seeking something to ground himself on before his mind lost the tenuous hold it had on his sanity as realization came pouring over him.
As the spoon was about to enter his mouth, there was another interruption.
“Oh? And what’s that?”
“Shut up. You need help. You and I both know that the last place for either us is at the hospital again, hm? So, just…,” I pause, sighing heavily. “Just let me help you.” A plea, and a command. For a moment, I expect him to argue.
“Do you
. If--well...if you--”
The fog dissipated, and John stopped moving towards the Fae. “Nae,” he argued, shaking his head. “Mah name isnae Hamish, an' thes is nae mah home. Goodbye, Sherlock.”
John, to
And now, he’s living with
creature like a dog on a hot day. Sharp nails dug into my overcoat, their points evident even through my several layers of clothing. A wet nose snuffled along the back of my ear, and I felt the telltale signs of fear and excitement flood my body as a tentative tongue tasted the skin behind my earlobe.
. All of the intensity he throws into a case, magnified tenfold and directed at
After dancing for nearly an hour and exhausting the playlist I’d prepared, we pull apart for a break.
. Anderson knew what he was getting himself into. Let it be, and leave this place.”
And his arm comes to rest around me, a large hand settling warmly on my shoulder. I shift, aligning our sides to better support him, and firm up my grasp on his ribs with one hand while reaching up to grab his wrist for stability. “Let’s just take it slow, yeah? Lean on me. Ready?”
“I would be honored, John,” I reply sincerely, feeling the heat coloring my own face in kind. “After all, I will need someone to tend to my wound,” I comment wistfully with a shrug. He fights back a smile, lips pressed together as he glances away to hide his laugh with a cough. It’s an honest, beautiful sound that until now I hadn’t realized I’d been missing terribly.
Mycroft ignored him, meowing even louder as he turned circles on his chest.
Not abandoning--taking a break from it.
He sighs, running his hands over his face. “You think I’m psychotic. You’re not far off. The hospital said depression with psychosis, and they gave me meds for it.”
as he suddenly became aware of it.
John plants his feet and stands up straight, clearly unsure about my plan. “I don’t like the idea of you going alone. You’re still injured,” he says, resting a hand on my forearm.
“All right, get your shirt on and I’ll help you with your pants,” he directs, retreating back into doctor mode. “And let’s take a look at those wounds, hm?”
back again. Only it won’t be
If I am loveable at all. One shouldn’t assume.
And there it was, still everywhere except his desk. How he didn’t smell it when he came in at first was a mystery, but he could smell it now. Checking the time, he swore to himself and sighed. He had only been gone for three hours, and he somehow missed his roommate entirely. He would have liked to give him a good dressing down in person, but notes seemed to be the only way they could communicate.
could solve.
Dropping my arms from him, I nod. “I understand.” He won’t let me go, though. He won’t let me step away. It’s a mixed message, and it confuses me.
John shakes his head gently, no doubt considering my childish behavior. “Greg’s a good man,” he adds, clearing his throat. His voice is tight, nearly choked up with emotion as his fingers twine further with mine. The adrenaline fueled shock of the past hour is wearing off, replaced with the intensity of the events and the overwhelming emotional impact they had on us all. Considering John’s recent trauma, this evening must have been particularly challenging for him.
The air that met him was warm, warmer than he ever remembered this area of Scotland being, even in the middle of summer. Sweat beaded on his forehead and above his upper lip as he made his way back towards the wood, though he knew not where or what he was fleeing from. His legs needed to move, needed to carry him away from the not-his-house and the not-his-cat.
“Well, what would you like to know about me?” John asked, folding his hands in front of him on the table. Around them, the clatter of forks on plates and idle chatter seemed to fade as the man stared at him, blue-gold eyes soft and friendly. A light brown stubble covered his chin and cheeks, and his blonde hair was wind swept and falling down onto his forehead. His hand, tan from the rugby practices, came up to brush it aside, and Sherlock was speechless.
, that deliciously sensitive spot just below my earlobe, his warm breath echoing in my ear. I can feel my core trembling as he holds me in his arms, firmly supporting nearly all of my weight as I give in completely. All thoughts of the case, of Moran and his threat, dissolve into wisps of smoke as John continues to show me just how much he needs to forget his trauma and focus on our bodies,
There is a singular inn in the village, a quaint establishment with breathtaking knotty pine paneling and a roaring fireplace flanked by well worn armchairs on the main floor. Once I informed the innkeeper of my arrival (he knew at once who I was, of course; not many visitors in this area of Germany, I gather) and the errand boy delivered my luggage, I took the liberty of relaxing at the fire with a glass of their finest port. It was a welcome libation after such long and arduous travel--the perfect companion for my frazzled nerves and well-packed pipe. There aren’t many people staying at the inn, so I spent my time with my thoughts tucked safely away in my Mind Palace, reviewing the letter I received requesting my assistance and creating my plan for investigation.
) and Mary (lies, lies). The smile on his face says otherwise--he’s waiting expectantly in the middle of the room, hands on his hips and eyes soft. I’m drawn to him, returning to his arms as the waltz begins. He settles his hand on the small of my back and pulls me to him, his other hand snatching mine up as he takes the lead.
those fingers.
,” I growl dangerously in his ear, unaware of anything except the pure rage coursing through me, setting my nerves alight with adrenaline.
in German. When I looked past the tree, I could barely make out the outline of a small shack back in the forest, approximately 300 metres beyond the sign. Watson’s house, no doubt.
“John, I think you need help, but I don’t think going back to a psychiatric hospital is the way. I want to help, but I need you to tell me the truth. When we were looking for you, we found a letter you wrote to Sherlock that made it sound like…” Pausing, I rub the back of my neck, trying to come up with the words. Finally, I settle on being straightforward--John doesn’t appreciate things being sugar-coated. “It made it sound like you are having hallucinations. Of Sherlock. And earlier, the way you were talking, it seems like...maybe you’re feeling a bit paranoid. Now, I don’t blame you--you’ve been through a lot, anyone would feel like you do right now. But it’s getting dangerous for you and everyone else, and we need to do something about it before it gets out of hand.” My throat feels tight as I consider the possibilities of his continued decompensation. John Watson is deadly when he’s got his head on straight--I hate to imagine what might happen in a fit of severe psychosis.
“Would catching and killing Moran help?” I suggest, planting a soft kiss on his shoulder.
* * *
His thoughts drifted over to the pictures on his cellphone, and he couldn’t help but smile. Sherlock was trying hard to convince him to meet up between exams. It was sweet, really, that he put so much effort into it, though John knew the man had an ulterior motive. He
“Yeah,” John replies with a quick nod. To an untrained eye, he might seem calm, yet that’s hardly the case. He’s as tightly wound as my brother, judging by his fist clenched on his thigh and the way he’s working his jaw, just shy of grinding his teeth. The air around us hums with their anxiety. It’s
He needed to kiss this man
The ache in his belly worsened, drawing his attention back to the idea of going to the loo. He waffled, knowing that the moment he got out of bed he’d lose his cozy snuggling partner for the day. Sherlock’s warm breath tickled the hairs on the back of his neck, and that decided it. The loo could wait. The voice of his anatomy professor echoed around his brain, little snippets from last week’s lecture threading its way through his thoughts.
Are you
She never fails to impress and simultaneously shock me, and my cheeks hurt from the absurd grin I’m flashing her. “Just, be careful, okay?” I ask, snatching a final piece of bread. “And thank you.” I stand, leaning over to plant a kiss on her cheek. “Best loaf you’ve made.”
In perpetuity,
. None of it matters.”
A measured glare at my brother reveals he had two, no,
around me. He's
>>Mike: Already have.
, and yet…
“You don’t have to.
* * *
he’d get it.
. It was a nearly silent whimpering just under the dead air of the line, barely noticeable. John’s scalp tingled, face burning and body like ice.
,” the creature warned, his voice husky. “
Oxytocin: the endogenous hormone responsible for love and bonding, released during orgasm, after giving birth, etc
He clears his throat and holds me tighter. “I can’t...I can’t do this.”
he interrupted me toward the end of that letter, his voice hard.
My knees buckle and I collapse,
The man watched his cat, chuckling to himself as the animal waddled around with his low-hanging belly. In the distance, the sun crept higher in the sky, casting long shadows off his small herd of Highland cattle while they grazed in the nearby pasture. He sighed and followed Mycroft into the cabin.
“That doesn’t make any sense! Should it make sense? Maybe it does make sense. No, it doesn’t, it
“Sherlock--”
Gone like the time, like his real name, and the way he arrived in this mystical land.
“What?” I ask with a glare. He’s confusing me. I
Though I know logically that following this line of reasoning is useless, I’m trapped within the vortex of
Moran, who looked me over like a piece of meat and liked how my blood tasted. Moran, who wanted to hold my attention but failed, and who lashed out when he jealously realized it. Moran, who smiled with wicked, blood-stained lips and prowled around me like a panther with his quarry in sight.
Rouge quickly colored Sherlock’s pale cheeks, accenting his cheekbones. “Not…,” he paused to clear his throat. “Not
“Hm?” Don’t do it, John. Don’t tell me something I can’t live with.
I roll my eyes, engaging in the charade with him. Neither of us are willing to acknowledge what has passed between us, nor discuss the severity of what happened in the past month. “Well?” I ask, punctuating the '
Apologies for the delay. I've not been feeling well, and I received some nasty comments from a few readers on this story which totally took the wind out of my sails. For those that have been supportive and following the story, thank you for your kind comments and encouragement!
The stroll about the market was curious. At first, it seemed the townspeople went about their usual business, selling their wares and haggling with each other for favors or goods. However, I noticed a peculiar trend as the morning approached midday in that every stall run by the men of the town packed up their items well before the usual end of the market in the early afternoon. Those with female vendors stayed open, or the women split their attention between their stands and neighboring ones if the men had to leave. By lunch, all of the men were gone from the marketplace except myself. I asked a young woman at the stand I was purchasing my meal from about it, and she looked to the center of town at the church, then shook her head. We finished our transaction and as I was about to find a seat to enjoy my food, the bells of the church rang out.
My captive squirms, letting out a nearly silent groan as my grip tightens on his forearm.
I’m here. Why wouldn’t I be?” My cheeks are hot with embarrassment, and I feel the urge to run out of the room.
John shook his head and adjusted his shoulder strap. “Listen, I gotta get some food before I go to practice. Join me?”
of what I feel in this moment. To know the pain I have, know the relief and anxiety and excitement and anger and hurt, the millions of emotions that are swirling and colliding in my brain. They encompass my entire being and throb with my pulse, filling my cells until I feel like I might burst.
I’m staring, and I do not care in the slightest as I memorize every inch of his glorious skin. From his broad, muscled shoulders, past the puckered flesh of his scar, down the lean planes of his abdomen, through the coarse hair trailing below his belly button to his hard,
,” he affirms with a nod, striding purposefully over to me in a few quick steps and grabbing me by the biceps. His thumbs stroke soothingly on the inside of my arms while he peers up into my face, the golden strands of his hair shining from the lamplight nearby. The serious expression on his face fades as his tongue peeks out between his lips and wets them slowly. I feel the crackle in the air around us,
(Not to me.)
. It would seem, given his behavior earlier, that perhaps this aspect is changing? Is this why he was so uncomfortable earlier, offering increased physical connection and then quickly withdrawing it? Perhaps this is the reason for his conflicted expression throughout our conversation; he wants more from me, but he doesn’t know whether it’s acceptable to ask for it. His kisses to the inside of my wrist, my palm--they made my heart race. They were so tender and sensual, an offer of more. I was lost in the sensations--my thoughts stilled entirely, focused on only him and his lips, soft and chapped. A contradiction, the embodiment of John’s entire being.
* * *
As I went through these ritualized motions of self care, the flutter of anxiety settled behind my ribs. It felt like I was getting ready for something, like...a date.
Shaking my head to clear the memory, I look back over at Sherlock, still a mess of tubes and wires. They decided to hook him up to an electroencephalogram to measure brain activity levels. In the past 3 hours since I’ve been sitting at his bedside, they’ve improved. The doctor here seems to think he may wake up soon, and I am honestly terrified.
as if they had known each other since childhood. They rarely made appearances after that first evening, and I was disappointed. No one else seemed to compare in intellect and cunning, and I was therefore quite
He settled for a spoonful of peanut butter and a cup of instant coffee. The two flavors struggled against one another, each leaving a film on the tops of his teeth that forced him to take a few swigs of Scotch to wash it away. The burn was his tithe, rolling down his throat like fire. He took a few more, and settled in his favorite chair by the fire. Mycroft jumped into his lap and settled quickly, his large body lolling this way and that as he fell into a deep slumber.
The door to the shower slides open suddenly. Blinking away the water running into my eyes, I look up at John’s strong figure framed in the doorway for a moment, the light from the ceiling behind him casting a shadow on his face and highlighting the broad sweep of his shoulders.  His firm hands reach down to hook under my armpits pulling me into a seated position against the wall. He turns off the shower and brings his attention back to me, his gaze quickly scanning my body for damage. His eyes linger briefly on my injured and bleeding shoulder and pointedly avoids my groin while he assesses. I don’t bother to hide the effect his stare has on me, desire curling low in my abdomen and settling between my legs.
Smiling up at him, I respond, “Sentiment,” with a nod.
Sorry this is a few hours late! Was a bit behind this week.
He grunts in frustration, and though I can’t see him I can imagine his nostrils flaring and the crinkle at the top of his nose as he glares down at me.
John cursed, writhing and wriggling in an attempt to free himself. “Lit me go!” he demanded. “Lit me go, ur I’ll leave ye.”
As the evening wore on, I hoped to see that man from the marketplace, though luck was not with me. Lestrade entered the pub after many of the patrons were well on their way to inebriation, tipping his hat at me before joining the crew I had been interviewing at a table in the back. The men welcomed him heartily, singing a hunting song in German for him and slapping him on the back. I spent some time observing them, curious to see the depth of their relationships, though found nothing out of the ordinary about them.
And then quietly, his words to me earlier this morning fill my head, drowning my self doubt.
. Nothing compares to you, and I can’t marry Mary knowing that I’m choosing a life of grey when there’s a world of color on the other side of the door.”
I’ll appeal to the science behind it. He’ll agree with me and then he’ll give in. “John, memory is
What will he say when he wakes and sees me like this?
wins. I can make out his fuzzy outline through the shower door as he walks over, the toilet seat clunking when he plops down. The sound of the shower again fills the room, occasionally broken as I run my fingers over my head and the water falls to the tub with a splat.
The sudden influx of chilly February air fills the vehicle as the door whips open and they slide quickly in on the bench my opposite. Sherlock meets my eyes, a scowl crossing his features immediately.
, it was just…”
“And from there?” Sherlock asks, popping up in his chair to sit on his heels. “Where did they go from there? Or did you lose them?”
The woman stares at me, her eyes wide. “Sir, are you...are you okay?”
--remorse, guilt, sadness--but instead he felt nothing, and he knew
“What time should we be there?” Sherlock interrupts suddenly.
“Ta,” John calls from the living room, sounding relaxed and content. After pulling down our teacups, I turn to watch him as he restarts the playlist and practices the steps on his own, his back to me. He raises his hands and begins stepping around the room with an imaginary partner. (Mary.) As he turns, however, I notice the height at which he has his arms--much too high for Mary’s waist. Much too high for
We shuddered together, and his attraction to me was clear.
The fabric was warm against his skin. As he pulled on his boots, he noticed they had been scrubbed clean of the dried, grey dirt that had adorned them all winter.
I huff, crossing my arms. “
I feel the blood drain from my face at the name, flashes from a few nights ago filling my thoughts. Briefly, I hear the sound of his fist connecting with my cheek, the overwhelming pain exploding through my bones as I collapse to the filthy floor...
But then--
As I glance around, searching for any indication of Sherlock’s location and finding absolutely nothing, I can’t help but huff in annoyance. “Where is he?”
, isn’t it? He didn’t believe the lies, I know it. He believed in
He drew the Punnett Square, thinking about the genetics that were at play to produce his brilliant, angular boyfriend. He wondered what Sherlock’s parents were like. He knew that he had an older brother, who Sherlock was careful to describe as
* * *
As expected, the interior of his house was modest, though comfortable. Very few decorations or items of whimsy adorned the surfaces or walls, making it challenging to discern much about the man’s history aside from his obvious efforts to abandon all semblance of his former life. He lived a life of solitude now, one that focused on his ability to sustain himself with as little interaction with others as he could manage. It was impressive, really, to see such determination to be
John sighed. It was a long, exhausted sigh, full of regret and discomfort. He blinked slowly, licking his lips, and then stared up at the ceiling of his bedroom. His face felt heavy, and his bones ached with exertion and poor weather. Above him, he heard the
There was a banner across it:
,’ I read to him, voice catching as I said his name and relived the moment I wrote it, curled into a ball on the bed in a johnny with an ankle bracelet showing my name and date of birth.
“John...
* * *
it’s been since they took Sherlock off bloody sedation.
A quick, irritated sigh escapes his lips before he looks away from me in an attempt to break the tension. I could throttle him for it, but I don’t need to be arrested right now.
He turns back and flashes me a smirk. “I can’t believe we were writing letters to each other, and that apparently
Sherlock’s razor sharp gaze flicks to mine, eyes unblinking. “He doesn't want us leaving Baker Street right now.” He says this carefully, quietly, as if afraid he might spook me.
). He’ll never understand the intensity of feelings I keep tucked away in the darkest corner of my Mind Palace, but tonight, he’ll get a glimpse.
Hearing about his time before the wood cleared the haze in John’s head enough that he realized he needed to remember this name of his before Sherlock overtook him again. Keeping one hand embedded in the head of curls in his lap, he used the other to draw his name in the dirt floor of their cave near the wall so it wouldn’t be disturbed.
“Fine. Get him onto a bed,” I command as I push off of the floor, mindful of John’s unconscious form below me. “And don’t you dare strap him down. He’s been through enough trauma in the past week, he doesn’t need you idiots triggering more.” Fishing in my jacket pocket, I find the key to my cuffs and lean down to unlock and remove them. Seems they had an extreme effect on him, and I swallow back the stone of guilt at my need for them. As I move away, the doctor and several nurses move into John’s space, checking his pulse, pupils, and other vital signs before rolling him to his side.
. Perhaps there’s a code, something embedded within the message?”
“I'm afraid you may have changed your mind,” he suggested, dropping his gaze to his feet.
, Sherlock--” I argue, running my fingers through my hair. My nails drag along my scalp a bit too hard, but I can’t be bothered to care.
. So I took it upon myself to provide him with whatever comfort I could, feeling guilty for inciting these episodes. Initially, I was timid in my ministrations, assuming he might wake with the increased physiological activity inherent in the REM cycle of sleep. However, as time went on, I realized that when affected by the demons of his memories, John was difficult to rouse.
“Wrong. A soldier’s job is to
“Does no one enter the woods, then?” I called after him.
. There’s John. Stalwart, concerned John, standing outside the bathroom door. Listening. Waiting.
12 August 1879
Apparently, '
I’ve been waiting for him to initiate our first session together, only to be disappointed and antsy for two
Arriving at the warehouse again brings with it flashes of hazy, frustrating memories: the pile of chocolate wrappers coated in mercury, the flashlights of the Met sergeants as they searched in the rooms nearby, two terrified children huddling in the dark. And then, more recently, John on his knees with a bloodied face, begging to die. My stomach twists, bringing a wave of nausea as I shake my head to clear the thoughts. I need to focus. Moran won’t be here,
My pulse is still pounding in my ears, breath panting noisily through my open mouth while I lean against the hallway wall. The night air was chilly, but instead of being a paralytic, it felt refreshing as it burned inside my lungs. We were chasing the cab that I was sure had the serial killer in it; well, I
…,” he trails off, taking a half step closer to me and pressing our bodies together from chest to thigh. “...your
, and here I am, doubting it. Doubting him. Doubting
In his daze, John barely realized that he’d stopped breathing the moment he locked eyes with the man. The burning continued, though he couldn’t force himself to care enough to remedy it.
“No, I believe that’s
“Sorry, I--,” he starts, grasping my hands firmly and pulling me upright. We’re standing close, our hands still clasped between us and feet separated by the tub wall. I can hear his breath catch, see his pupils dilate, and feel his pulse flutter beneath my fingers under the thin skin of his wrists. He licks his lips again and swallows roughly.
. You
seems different. There are piles of paperwork everywhere, books stacked in corners, dust on every surface--it’s all the same. I feel disconnected from reality; this could be any other day in my life before...
His body shakes in my arms with muffled laughter, filling my chest with the warmth of adoration. “Anything except realize we’re in love, yeah?”
, Sherlock.
My gaze snaps back to him. “I
He doesn’t believe me, he’s shaking his head. “You’re not real, Sherlock. Stop this, stop it right now. Let me die here, let me--” Suddenly we’re back in the sweets warehouse, and John’s on his knees, eyes burning into me while he pleads. “Let me die here,” he repeats. “I’m tired of fighting for a life that’s a lie. That isn’t worth it,” he begs, his voice cracking. I blink and now he’s lying on the pavement in front of Barts, black-red blood oozing from the back of his skull in a wide circle. His hair is matted to his broken head, eyes glassy and pupils constricted to pinpoints while he stares up at me. His mouth moves, but no sound erupts. I watch his lips, and realize with a sickening horror what he’s begging of me.
occurred less than thirty minutes ago. Neither of them are showing the lingering flush or pupillary dilation associated with a sexual liaison and the resulting oxytocin, so it seems they stopped themselves in favor of meeting with me.
Sweaty and sated, John smiled over at Sherlock. His hair was disheveled, curls haphazardly sticking up around his head. He had a pleased sort of smile on his face, the kind that only comes from doing something truly enjoyable.
“John?!” I shout, and I’m home, in my bed. My limbs feel fuzzy and heavy, my thoughts sluggish. Why am I in the flat? What is wrong with me, why do I feel like this? I blink rapidly, willing my vision and brain to clear, while getting tangled in the sheets and falling off my mattress onto the floor. I stumble upright and throw open my bedroom door, shouting again. “John!”
“John?” Mycroft asks. His touch on my shoulder is fire, drawing all of my awareness to the singularity of his contact with me. It burns. It grounds.
Outside, the branches of the mulberry bush next to the window rattled against the pane, scratching the glass. The wind whipped across the fallow field between John’s house and the forest, blowing the tall grasses nearly horizontal with each gust. John stared, unblinking, eyes not seeing. At the edge of the forest, a dark shape was moving just inside the shadow of the trees. A rabbit, perhaps. No, a deer. Too large to be a rabbit.
“Hello, John.” The kettle whistles in the other room and I move to get it, quickly pouring our respective cups and carrying them over to the living room. He’s already seated in his armchair, fingers toying absentmindedly with a loose thread at the edge of the arm. There’s a quiet
Every time Sherlock called him Hamish, John fought back his blinks of surprise. He felt tethered to this world, to
there,” I throw an apologetic face at Greg, who shrugs indifferently. “If he isn’t there, we will go tomorrow and you can deduce all the clues you like. If he
Compelled by my own hunger and curiosity, I grabbed at his arms again and pulled him to me. “Call me Sherlock, please. I am no stranger,” was my plea. “I shall keep your secret, if you shall keep mine.” I brought his enormous hand down between us, instantly relieved at his touch.
For several moments, the air around us is filled with the sounds of the car engine, its tires on road, and the nearly indiscernible talk radio playing in the front seat. I lean over, letting my head drop onto John’s shoulder, and focus on silencing the swirl of ruminative thoughts about the evening, each of them full of shame and regret for how things occurred.
case scenario--
each other.
,” he drawls, licking his chapped lips.
Black curls bounced as the creature shook his head. He stood, looming into John’s space, and replied matter-of-factly, “You
fool me, Sherlock. Give it over. Doctor’s..
Icy fingertips trailed against the back of his neck as the presence shifted to his other side and argued, “
“I’ll just stand here, then,” I reply evenly, leaning against the wall near the bottom step and crossing my arms.
Staring at his cat, John felt a pang of guilt and walked over to him, reaching down to run his fingers through his thick fur. Then, he chucked a new log on the fire with a small handful of kindling, blowing on it until it caught. A scoop of food in Mycroft’s dish, another loving pet, and the man pulled on his coat to leave.
“John?”
With a groan, I roll onto my back and stretch, feeling it all the way in the arches of my feet and between my toes. Letting my head loll to the side, I notice Sherlock was kind enough to shut the door when he got up. Oddly considerate for him. He’s the loudest thinker on the planet--erratic shouting, bouts of discordant violin music, stomping and pacing, walking on top of furniture.
Bringing his face down mere centimetres away from the Scotsman, the creature licked his lips and smiled, revealing sharp canines amidst his gleaming white teeth. John stared up at him, entranced, and felt his body curve up towards the invitation, bending like a sapling in the wind. The man brought his porcelain nose down to brush against John’s cheek, and had John not been so trapped he would have shrank away. Instead, he released his shaky breath through an open mouth and let his eyes slide shut.
With pursed lips and knitted eyebrows, he nods slowly and takes the letters into his hands. He stares at them, then gives them a slow pat and meets my gaze. “Yeah....okay. Okay, Sherlock,” he croaks, shaking his head with embarrassment at the sound. Clearing his throat, he adds, “Will you read me yours?”
(not just his hands) to me.
Why was he in the stone circle? How did he get there? He
This story has been my passion for several months, and I never expected or intended it to turn out like this but I am so thrilled with it. It's been a wild ride, and I feel really lucky to have had the time, muse, and support to do it.
“She’s gone for the day,” Sherlock announces, startling me. As I whirl to face him, his eyes are piercing.
“No, absolutely not, Sherlock. Not this time. You’re still on the mend. We don’t need to go rushing off. They’ve got it sorted.” We have been home for barely two days and he’s still got a limp--it’s ridiculous that he’s considering chasing questionable leads. I’m just as eager as he is find some resolution and see this through, but enough is enough. “Let them check it out. He probably
. When I last wrote, I detailed my travel by train, my arrival to the village, and the beginnings of my investigation into the disappearance of the local sportsman. Since then, I have some curious updates to share with you.
I lower his hand back to the bed and pat it once before letting go entirely, returning my own hands to my lap. His eyelids drag open, gaze distant as it settles on his hand.
“Happy, are you?” he asked.
17 August 1879
, inside him.
Sherlock does his best to give the appearance of strength and stability, even in his worst moments, and this is no different. Throwing his shoulders back, his chin rises and jaw clenches as he takes the first stair with his good leg, hand resting on the railing for support. I hear the sharp hiss of breath through his teeth as he shifts his weight forward, bringing up his foot to rest alongside the other one. His knuckles are straining against the skin of his hand, bleaching it white with tension as he clutches the handrail. As he goes to take the second step, the knee on his injured leg buckles beneath his weight and he lets out a surprised, pained shout, hands immediately flung forward to stop his fall.
Smiling to myself, I set my mobile down and reach for my umbrella, spinning it in my hands before leaning forward to rest my chin on it. So many pieces to this puzzle, so many players to consider. If John is truly Moran’s target, my brother will tear himself to shreds attempting to stop anything untoward from happening.
“Don’t you see, Sherlock? I confirmed what he said.
to happen, but not for me.
His therapist has expected him to use writing as a coping skill in the past (a successful trial, though the adrenaline from chasing criminals through London worked much better).
between us. I--I know what I want but I can’t seem to make my desires clear to you. I’m completely ineffectual.” Shame colors his cheekbones a dusky rose at the admission.
now. More time for you to meddle in other countries’ governmental affairs,” I snipe.
between them.
As John approached his small farm, two black-tipped ears appeared along the fenceline, bobbing as the portly cat made his way over in greeting. Purring heartily, the Maine Coon bumped his head into John’s leg.
, and found familiarity amongst this alien creature towering over me.
he can manage, the arrogant bastard.
“Watson, I presume,” I greeted him, stepping away from his tense hand on my shoulder. “That
want me like I want him.
(...)
We had
He nodded again, then snatched up the hat on the floor and tucked it under his arm. “You should leave now,” he muttered as he walked past me out of the room.
who was
(And he might love me?)
Squeezing him tighter, I nod vigorously. “Sentiment.”
Something behind his eyes softens, barely. His head dips slightly, his cheeks relax, and suddenly the exhaustion he’s been fighting is evident. A deeper sigh from him this time, and he reaches up to run his thumb and index finger along the sides of his nose. “So be it. While you’re here you ought to have your injuries treated. You have at least two broken ribs and there’s a high likelihood of internal trauma and possible bleeding. And...you’re in no state to see Sherlock, nor him you. If this is the way he sees you when he wakes, he’ll be devastated and angry that you neglected to seek medical care. I am sure that you, being a doctor, understand the immediacy of treating such acute--”
Backing up, John shook his head slowly. “Mebbe, but noo, aam leavin’ ye. An, Ah willnae come back thes time.”
you tolerate him,” he comments with a raised eyebrow, his tone dripping with venom.
The door to the room swings open suddenly, interrupting my musings and pulling my attention away from John. Mycroft sweeps in, twirling his umbrella with a veiled expression of surprise on his face as he surveys the scene in front of him. The warmth in my chest dissipates as I stare at my brother, blinking slowly while he determines how best to proceed. He was never good at hiding his thought processes from me.
“He’s asleep, John. As you know, he lost a significant amount of blood, requiring a few transfusions. They were able to stabilize him, remove the bullet, and close his wound; however, he had to be placed into a temporary, medically-induced coma to ensure his body recovers from the shock of such trauma. He nearly died,” Mycroft finishes, expression becoming pale and serious.
cooks meals for
Before his lover could reply, the Scotsman turned on his heels and fled, feet pounding the dirt as he scrabbled out of the cave. Behind him, he heard the thunderous shouting from Sherlock, but he focused on his own breath and the blood throbbing in his ears instead.
“John, wake up,” a familiar baritone commands softly in my ear. A few errant curls brush my cheek, and I flinch involuntarily, skin hypersensitive and ticklish. “John, it’s time…,” the voice continues, so close that it rumbles in my chest. A brief flutter settles in my stomach as I lean forward, chasing the rich tones I know all too well.
Sherlock leaned down, kissing the outside shell of John’s ear. “You are.”
. Can’t waste energy on the desires of the transport.
His words settle thickly in my head, lacking meaning until some part of me realizes what he said. It can’t be right, though. There’s no way. He can’t be asking me--
John’s heart hammered behind his ribs, thumping loudly in his ears and making his head throb. A flash from his nightmare that morning filled the space behind his eyes, making him shiver as goosebumps fled down his spine.
I was drugged, remember? Bit tough to recall much in that state,” he comments with a shrug. I throw him a pleading glance and he sighs. “It was...maybe 5 metres by 5 metres? No furniture except a few chairs and a small table off to one side. Lights hung down from the ceiling, single bulbs on a long wire. It was fucking creepy, to be honest. When I…,” he pauses, swallowing thickly. “...woke up, they dragged me out into a larger room. The one where you...well you must remember that room. It was an assembly floor or something. Felt like an aircraft hanger.” His eyes grow distant, lost in memory from that night. In my periphery I see Mycroft raise an eyebrow at me, his hand growing tighter on his forever-present umbrella. Our eyes lock and he looks away, knowing the threat in my gaze.
, he said earlier.
, Sherlock. It’s why I was
dead to him for many months? Once we return to Baker street, will he find me irritating once more, barely putting up with me out of a sense of duty? I don’t believe my feelings towards him are a distortion; I have had them for much longer than we were apart. What about him? He never seemed...
More importantly, what will
Mycroft purses his lips as he breathes deeply, quelling his annoyance at me. “There are multiple exit points, dear brother. Ten was the least I could provide to ensure adequate coverage.”
A hopeful whisper creeps around in my thoughts:
The next chapter will wrap up this story! Don't worry about Mycroft--all will be well and he will definitely get fed soon!
“No. Not since the hospital,” he tells me with a broken voice. “Not since the meds.”
“Don’t,” he said quietly, his hand still wrapped around my hip.
His lungs began to burn in his chest, begging for air.
“Hm,” he hums, refusing to open his eyes.
I also know that
His blood covers us both, ruining my Belstaff, and his skin turns ashen as he dies in my arms over and over while Moriarty whispers in my ear, “You’re not real to him, Sherlock, you never were. Not real,
(Too much. No words. Not real?)
John’s hands pressed harder into his dying friend, thick blood gurgling out around them from the bullet wound. Wishing he could swipe at the intrusion, he instead shrugged his shoulder up, hoping to make it go away. Beneath him, Greg squirmed and writhed, face contorted in a scowl as the color drained from his face.
I daresay his face turned a shade of purple that seemed in ill health. He bristled, hands clenched at his sides, and paced to and fro like a cat trapped in a cage. “You’ll tell me this
“Sir?” A young woman with almond shaped eyes asked, peering up at him. She was half a head shorter than him, with long straight brown hair and a comfortable smile set between soft pinked cheeks. “Are you all right?” she added as he stared at her, frowning with confusion.
“Hm,” I hum noncommittally. The fact that Sherlock is abiding by his brother’s command frightens me nearly as much as the clear threat from Moran.
I lean in again, nipping at the exposed skin just above his shirt collar. “Problem?” I ask before tracing the line of his jugular up to his jawline. An involuntary gurgle escapes his mouth as his eyes slide shut, breath catching again.
It lasted only a few moments. As we locked eyes, my bases of appetites roared to life, reminding me of how unfulfilled I had been up to that point. It is not easy to find individuals who would match my specifications--clever, interesting, strong, and masculine--and who might return my affections. Watson seemed overtly curious about me, pinning my body against the wardrobe while he continued basking in my scent.
John considered turning to look behind him, but he knew the stories. Instead, he squeezed his eyes shut, breath whistling sharply through his nostrils as he awaited his fate. The air around him danced, pulling at his trouser legs and picking up the hem of his coat playfully. He heard the snap of a nearby twig, barely audible above the pounding of his blood in his ears, and held his breath. The pain in his wrist returned, the fog in his mind from the disembodied voice clearing as his arm wrenched a final time. He let out a final shout, his raspy yell echoing off the nearby trees.
Again I hear the chime of Sherlock’s phone and I look in the direction I heard it: outside the office door. Moran follows my eyes and smirks as it goes off a second time.
I conversed with the driver for some time, asking him questions about the case and what he knew.
signs, and chuckled. “We must have opposite schedules.”
Glossary:
“Everyone gets
How much, John wasn’t sure. But it passed, and it continued passing. He drifted from moment to moment, often feeling as if he’d just woken up. Memories were murky, odd collections of shadows and statements.
He sighed again, then let his eyes slide shut. There was a weight on his chest that drowned out even the thudding of his heart, making it difficult to swallow and breathe. His throat was tight, too tight, as he choked around a sob. Bizarre images flashed in his mind of a man--
Silence from the hall. He’s frozen outside the door as evidenced by the distinct lack of retreating footsteps.
“No, that’s not--let me finish. I made a mistake. I panicked. I
, still. I look around quickly and notice an absence that settles in my core like ice.
I bite back the moan as the pain continues, my voice strained. “
(See the end of the chapter for
“Except you, mortal,” the voice continued, again wrapping itself around his thoughts and squeezing the life from them.
Images flashed behind his eyes, blurry but well-known. A dark, candlelit cavern, roots growing down through the ceiling. Shadows along the walls, two masculine shapes entwined, rocking together in the gloom. He knew one of them was him, whimpering between whispered pleas.
for me,” I demand, ignoring his questions. I set my violin down and stalk across the room to pace, fingers steepled beneath my chin. I need distance between us--his proximity threatens to weaken my resolve, my
This was gonna be rough.
Confusion flooded his captor’s face, his dark eyebrows knitting together as he narrowed his eyes and slowly glanced down at John’s feet. Raising his head back up, he asked, “Why?”
“I can
* * *
Correction:
“Tea?” John asks me while I sway around the flat, playing my violin and navigating the web of information surrounding Moran and our recent interaction. I pull open the door in my Mind Palace to the Moriarty wing--it’s full of names, faces, locations, various crimes that I’ve linked to them and ones I know are related but I have yet to connect the direct line. And, of course, the triple locked, padded room where I keep Moriarty himself for those times I need to dissect his twisted brain. I will not be opening that room today. This isn’t about him--this is about Moran and his unusually strong and concerning interest in
A shake of the head, a few quick blinks, and his eyes gain focus, finally
<<Bus stopped. See you in a mo.
, Mycroft.
Boots crunching on the frost covered ground, John again entered the wood and marveled at the way the air stopped moving. Tall birch trees lined the edge of the forest, their white papery bark peeling and curling around their trunks like holiday ribbon. He resisted the urge to pull at one as he walked by, thrusting his fists deeper into his pockets. Skirting the edge of a small circle of stones, he plunged further into the forest, his hot breath leaving puffs of condensation in the air behind him.
Mycroft returns with the doctor and a few nurses, who immediately descend on Sherlock to start removing the myriad of tubes and wires. I clench my fists at my sides, willing my rage at their intrusion to subside.
. Nothing but a clever, lonely junkie in a silly hat without my blogger. “Why are you saying this?” I hear myself ask.
He blinked and shook his head, kicking such terrible thoughts from his mind.
“John?”
Bumping against an older woman as he grabbed a new tin of steel cut oats, he shivered, a chill running up his spine. “Sorry,” he murmured. She recoiled as he spoke, looking up at him with a glare, and moved on.  He frowned back, watching her, then froze.
you buy me dinner and take me out on a proper date, yeah?”
Drawing up an eyebrow, John smiled back. He wasn't sure how to behave around this creature, so he considered false bravado as an option. “Fur ye? Ur fur me?” he asked, letting his feet relax as he gave up on trying to touch the ground.
. I collapse on the stoop of Soo Lin Yao’s flat, head in my hands.
John clears his throat and continues, voice dropping to a deep rumble that I can almost feel more than hear. “
, the man who abhors emotion with every fiber of his being. I did this to myself, and I’ll have to deal with the consequences of it once he rejects me, repulsed by my
I reached into my pocket and pulled out the hunting cap I retrieved from Watson’s house and tossed it to the man. He caught it easily, staring at it in his hands, before he plopped down onto a nearby seat. I tipped my cap to him, said, “Good morning,” and left him there.
John sighed.
I hate myself for that, hate the fact that my love for him caused this entire situation. If he hadn’t meant so much to me, Moriarty would never have targeted him. I wouldn’t have needed to fake my own suicide and hide it from him to keep him alive. A catch 22--I died to keep him alive, which in turn nearly killed him. If he had known, he surely would have been killed.
“Dammit!” John cursed, clutching his jacket in trembling fingers while he looked around him. A harsh, icy wind blew through his hair, ruffling his bangs on his forehead. He scowled and squeezed his eyes shut, trying to understand his competing sensory information. The sun was bright and high above him, baking the skin of his face and pulling sweat from his scalp while his core shivered with the wintry air that blew up the back of his shirt as he crouched.
“Mmrphf…”
Mycroft cocked his head to the side, narrowing his yellow eyes.
Behind him, he heard the low, whining growl of Mycroft, then a hiss. He turned to stare at the cat. He was peering into John's darkened bedroom, his hackles stiff and ears flattened onto his head.
“You okay?” he asks automatically.
Behind him, he heard the crack of twigs and leaves beneath tentative steps, and he fought against the gasp in the back of his throat. Blinking, he continued onward, senses suddenly much more alert since the intrusion. His bowie knife slid easily from its sheath with barely a sound, and he raised his arm up to mark the next tree along his path. As the knife hovered less than a centimeter from the thin bark of the birch tree next to him, his arm suddenly fell numb. The joints locked in place, holding the limb perpendicular from his body, while his wrist bent unnaturally backwards until the knife fell from his cold, lifeless fingers. A wrenching, shooting pain ran like electricity into his elbow while his wrist continued to twist, catching at its furthest point. The muscles in his arm bulged, pulling a pained grunt from him as he clawed at his arm with his free hand.
. He shares a bed with
Breath catching as Sherlock’s leg slotted between his own, John asked, “Didn’t you have an exam?”
. Searching for answers, worried about how to best care for me.
Flashbacks
“If I fall you won’t be able to help me from outside the door.”
! I'm not made of bloody glass Sherlock. Remember what happened the last time you kept me out of the loop?! I'm not going through that again!”
The world is crashing, splintering, cracking,
feelings of arousal he had for John. He liked feeling
“This is the only warning.”
, he shook his head.
“Hmm?” John asked, wondering if he was talking in his sleep again.
, if you came in here you could at least sit down on the loo,” I call loudly. “Would give your leg a break.”
I’m so glad you’re alright, dear. Come, let’s have a cuppa. I made your favorite sourdough recipe as soon as I knew you boys were coming home,” she says with a wink, linking her arm in mine and guiding me into her kitchen. “So tell me,” she begins while she slices a piece of bread for me, slathering it with butter. “How’s it going?”
Snorting, I whirl away from him to head down the hall. “Two sugars and some milk, John! And get ready, we need to discuss how we’re going to handle tonight!”
I hear him snort before he turns and saunters back to the door of the hospital. “As you wish, Detective Inspector.” I watch him as he turns down the corridor, no doubt heading back towards Sherlock’s room.
John laces his fingers with mine, squeezing tightly. “Don’t leave me behind.
“I’ll be back,” he called to Redbeard.
s and
John shook his head, planting his hands on Sherlock’s chest. “No, I’m not.”
“So I’ve heard. However, a man has disappeared, and I have been employed to find out why,” I replied with a shrug as I tugged my hat onto my head. “And I have yet to hear the tale of how the woods came to be so dangerous, so I will find out for myself.”
The waiting room silences immediately at my outburst, heads turning slowly towards us. Mycroft’s eyes narrow in frustration as he leans closer to me, willing some semblance of privacy to our conversation and pointedly ignoring our audience. “Doctor Watson, I can have you escorted out of here and brought right back to the hospital you came from if it’s necessary. I hope I won’t need to go so far, though, and that you can remember your place in all of this.”
I hate the bloody clock with it’s stupid bloody hands that won’t stop bloody moving and won’t stop bloody telling me how
“Mycroft, I--,” I start, ready to argue.
Everything is stopping me, and he’s dying! Sherlock is
and would
. Though I cannot begin to contain my excitement at his need for me, I find a thrill in making myself wait.
No, no, no, no...
just shot,” he chides as he places his hands on my shoulders, stepping between my knees. Our eyes are nearly level like this, our bodies so close I can feel the warmth from his skin and his breath on my face. His scent wafts over me, some of it familiar and some of it
bring that up?” Sherlock demands petulantly, his nose crinkling in irritation as he steps aside to give John space to stand up.
needed you.
wing of my Mind Palace. He watches me, face weary but eyes warm.
His thoughts drifted lazily in his mind, pulling apart at the seams the way they always did when he walked in the wood. Somewhere in the dark crevices he fought to ignore he heard Brodie warning him, insisting that
With another gentle but demanding rut, he beseeches, “Remind me that I’m
, but I know that’s just my overactive amygdala. I need to stay here. I need to breathe. I can’t run from him, not now. Running will only make things worse for me and...for us.
My introduction to Werben has certainly been
“Hm,” I respond, waving my free hand at a cab driving by. Seeing it, John puts space between us, yanking the bottom of his jacket down and straightening his shoulders. We climb into the cab, give the driver the address, and settle into the leather of the backseat together.
1 March 2012
wanted you, from the moment I met you. I have
I was immediately grateful for the single sleeping car as I surveyed the rest of the passengers joining me on this journey--though they might have been curious to observe for a short time, any interaction with them beyond simple nods and smiles would have driven me quite mad. That said, I did spend some time in the leisure car each day making deductions about the various occupants of the train, which I will share with you now.
John smiled, and Sherlock knew this was a private event reserved just for him.
Returning his attention to his hand, he examined it for fractures and determined it bruised and nothing more. A threat, then.
,” I interrupt, voice full of steel. “How many more tests need they run? At this point my staples can be removed, and they’ve had an EEG on me for the past 24 hours, no doubt collecting my brain activity and determining I’m no longer at risk of damage or prolonged coma. I--” Pausing, I bite my lip with uncertainty at how much I want to reveal. A soft snore from John decides it for me. “I need to get John home. You know as well as I that he cannot stay here much longer and maintain his tenuous grasp on reality. He’s malnourished and exhausted.
” he whispered, and his heart ached with the sincerity of it.
His refusal to engage infuriates me, and I stalk closer to him, pointing at his chest. “
Once he felt his stomach settle, John stood, pressing the heels of his hands into the small of his back, and stretched. Several vertebrae popped as he arched, and he felt his muscles loosen after being held captive for too long by Sherlock’s magic. His companion’s countenance seemed drastically changed, as he now pranced around like a proud puppy showing off the filthy abode. At the end of the tunnel was an enlarged area decorated with dead and dying branches and flowers, illuminated by dripping yellow candles that flickered and cast long dancing shadows on the ceiling. Water dropped erratically from the ceiling, collecting in the middle of the room in a deep puddle. The entire dwelling was full of muck and dirty water. It was
A deep, shuddering breath later and I close the gap, sliding my hand over his and hooking my fingers around to rest under his palm. While I’m sure it’s reflexive, I feel his fingers tighten reassuringly around mine, holding them in place. I stroke the top of his wrist with my thumb and lean back in my chair, determined to wait for him to wake. His chest rises and falls, reminding me of the tide, and I find myself being lulled to sleep by it, the hint of a smile settling involuntarily on my face.
Lunging for him, I reply, “Don’t be an idiot,” and throw him onto the bed before slowly lumbering over him, taking care with my injured leg. “I was merely admiring you and revelling in the fact that
. About
“I’ve been here for nearly a
“Well of course I moved the furniture. You don’t expect us to dance while tripping over side tables, do you?”
John considered leaving a note, but he knew no one would come looking.
with all these feelings at some point!? Ugh, you're so irritating.
held him captive that day seemed particularly concerned about the trees. Or did they? John found the more time he spent in the wood, the more uncertain he was.
overwhelmed. A bit.
, texts
then. It’s
“You want me to teach you how to dance.”
Swallowing harshly around the stone in my throat, I summon the courage to reply, “I wasn’t sure you wanted me like...like
,” I plead breathlessly. She continues staring at me, mouth agape. What is wrong?
He laughed. Mike was right, he really wanted to slug this bastard. He’d been in more than one row when he was in primary school, and generally things went his way. Plus, any bloke studying chemistry and biology like this was bound to be a bit of a wimp, he reasoned. Maybe he’d get lucky and catch the man soon. Then, he’d really give him a piece of his mind...and his fist.
The scene vanishes with a swirl of smoke, my vision going black before a new one takes its place.
but it’s
,” Sherlock reminded, his head cocked to the side. He stalked closer to John, white eyes unblinking as he watched the man.
bring anything related to that
Watson hasn’t returned to my sights since our interaction in the forest.
between us. A glance over my shoulder towards him reveals how he’s shifting restlessly, crossing and uncrossing his legs.
less stressed. Even though he knew he had two more exams to do, he felt relieved after the activities of the last 45 minutes. It had lifted something in him, helped clear his mind of worries about school. All he had focused on was how he his body felt, and it was exactly what he needed. He knew he should thank Sherlock for this, even though his pride told him no. He knew it would go to the young man’s already massively inflated head.
“Mornin’ sunshine,” I say quietly, a gentle smile on my face. He winces at the joke, forehead tight and lips downturned in a frown.
of me and you don’t get to lie to me to try to scare me off. Don't you get it, you idiot?!”
I snort at the memory of her bringing up the second bedroom and John’s mild indignance at her innuendo. With a shrug, I reply, “Having a life like hers tends to make one observant.”
I blink, and when I lift my head I’m no longer in Chinatown searching for him. I’m standing by the pool where Carl Powers was killed. John’s in front of me, torso strapped full of explosives with a terrified, pleading look in his eyes.
. You showed up and it was like that bit in The Wizard of Oz, when Dorothy steps out of the grey house and everything is in full technicolor. Nothing compares to that, Sherlock.
John peered at his cat, and the fog in his head cleared for just a moment. Mycroft didn’t have yellow eyes--he had blue ones. It was what drew John to the cat in the first place. Blue eyes, just like his own, set in that weathered, grey face. A mirror for the man who couldn’t stand to look at himself anymore.
). There are two months until the event, and nearly everything has been accounted for. That which hasn’t I have on a list and am systematically making my way through it. There is literally nothing he needs to concern himself with. The care I have put into the preparations for his wedding is with as much veracity as I would for my own. (It is a moot point, of course. There will be no Holmes weddings.)
.” He waves his hands around vaguely before dropping them back to his lap, his shoulders slumped and affect flat with defeat. He attempts another drink of his tea, lips pursed in a tiny “o” as he blows across the top to cool it down.
* * *
wait,” he whispers sadly. He huffs out an exasperated sigh and withdraws, taking a step back.
He meets my gaze, face softening when he sees how distressing this situation is for me. I need to protect him, to keep him safe from this monster. He’s obviously so affected by what happened between them--perhaps if I understood, if I
I was wondering if perhaps you had heard of something in your medical training or travels around the world. In my investigation, I have stumbled upon some evidence that suggests that such a wolf man exists and may require further study to ascertain exactly how empirical it is to make such a wild claim. It is perplexing, to say the least.
, which makes her automatically a source of attention. Our clever trickster wormed his way in with her, and by the time our evening cordials were drained and the candles were flickering with the last bits of wick and wax, he was escorting her off to her sleeping quarters. She laughed and clutched his arm, calling him
“Greg!”
. My usual tactics of gleaning information will only drive him away, and
The wood.
“Coming, Detective Inspector?” I hear Mycroft’s cautiously silken voice ask from the doorway.
“It’s all true,” John says, voice tight with anger. “You
. Everything will be prepared exactly as I’ve planned. This is my only chance to
“Sherlock!” he calls after me, his footsteps quick on the cement floor behind me as he runs to catch up. The echo from his shoes sounds tinny in the large room, lost in the void beyond our immediate location.
“You aren’t frightened,” he commented, leaning down to inhale deeply in my hair.
Sucking in as much as he could, John nearly collapsed as the cool air flooded his lungs. He braced himself against the wall with a clammy hand to keep from falling. The lights around him seemed too bright as he gasped and heaved, his heart pounding in his chest. Ice trickled down his spine, his stomach bottoming out while his ears burned. The fog stayed in his thoughts, threatening to yank them apart at the seams with violent rage.
Embarrassed, he coughs and rubs the back of his neck, fighting back a pleased smile. “Um--,” he starts, pausing to clear his tight throat. “Um, good. Good. I’m...glad. For that.” The tips of his ears tint the slightest pink as he blushes, and he fidgets restlessly and seems suddenly much younger, more vulnerable. If it weren’t for the towel draped around my shoulders I would take him in my arms and run my hands up and down the muscled planes of his back. I would trail my fingertips along the edges of his shoulder blades while humming against his neck, revealing the depth of my love for him. Instead, I smile until he looks up at me and smiles back. He nods, then pats my arm. “Come on, then. I need to examine your leg and shoulder see what damage you’ve done to them. Let’s get you dressed.”
“Thank you, Sherlock,” he said softly, leaning his head on his boyfriend’s shoulder.
It doesn’t make any sense. Why would he just leave? He
* * *
happened. I’ve got two dead citizens on my hands, and no one wants to put John in jail.” I hear John mutter something along the lines of ‘
“Tomorrow night?” John called after him, hating how hopeful he sounded. Sherlock didn’t reply, though he waved a
Look!! It's Mycroft!! :D
follow our lead. Don’t go running off, and don’t be an idiot. We don’t need another life or death situation on our hands,” he instructs firmly. Sherlock rolls his eyes and perches on the arm of his chair with a snort. “I mean it. I don’t particularly like restraining my mates.” He glances at me briefly, apology encompassing his features. I watch as his eyes flit to the kitchen, eyebrows crinkling the skin between them as he frowns. “You two going to open those anytime soon?” He cocks his head to the table, overflowing with post.
* * *
until the man was begging for rest.
“He is ill,” Mycroft states as though informing me of the time.
And yet, as he emerged into the bright morning sunshine having somehow ending back up on the path he started on (despite never having consciously turned around), he sighed.
John groans, exasperated. “You didn’t take the bandage off?
“One, two, three...”
“Hm?”
I must look. Broken, and ill, and mental.
He glanced over at his roommates’ desk, which looked like a bomb of moldy bread had gone off in the middle of it, and shuddered. There were papers strewn everywhere, hanging off the shelves above the desk and scattered around on the floor. It was a pigsty, and John hated it. Maybe he
He dared not speak it aloud as he lay in bed with his lover, who was resting his head on John’s belly, tracing his long, nimble fingers through the coarse hairs leading down to his groin.
“Tay lood, moggie.”
“Let’s give him a choice,” I recommend, running my hand over my forehead and snaking my fingers through my hair. “He can have an injected antipsychotic and close monitoring here, or he can go off to the psych hospital. If we give him a choice, he won’t fight us once he decides,” I assure, the plan solidifying in my brain. This is our best bet, and Mycroft knows it.
, sniveling on the wet cement like the child he is. You can’t possibly keep taking care of him, can you? He’s
with it,
Earlier, he texted me and asked permission to come by Baker street for tea. I reminded him that it is absurd to ask permission, as this will always be a home to him. He read my reply, though he didn’t respond. He often doesn’t, especially when I make it known how important he is to me. Perhaps he doesn’t know what to say. (Perhaps he doesn’t believe me.) It isn’t worth mentioning, though part of me wishes he would say something,
“Ah willnae lae,” John lied.
Silence.
After two minutes and thirteen seconds, “Well,
There’s a growl behind me and before I realize it, John has me facing him and he’s yanking his own trousers and pants down in one go, giving me an expectant expression while he does so. “Joining me?” he asks sarcastically as he stands and tugs his shirt over his head.
She was nodding at him, hand still clutching his bicep. She squeezed, the blush on her cheeks deepening. “It is.”
he’s doing it. Knowing why doesn’t stop the bouncing, though. So, we eat, and I keep my comments to myself.
consider returning the favor,” he mumbles quietly, seemingly embarrassed to ask.
I nod slowly, catching his attention. “So he’s seeking the services of the world’s only consulting detective,” I reply with a false smile. He snorts in response. “When?”
He snorts. “I can’t be seen
. Concerned, no doubt, about Sherlock’s ability to make it up the steps to the flat upon the completion of our meeting. Also, Sherlock clearly did not dress himself judging by the creases in his shirt at the waistband of his trousers; he always tucks in, then smooths the front so it lays flat. Not so, today.
I added a new poem in before this chapter (ch.1). Sorry for any confusion--it came to me today suddenly while thinking about this fic. Please check it out :)
creature in the woods, something that hasn’t ever been caught or killed before.
Sherlock, completely absorbed in the details of the case and therefore ignoring his companion, continues forging onward, flying through his racing thoughts with alarming speed. “Moran is clearly targeting you, John. Initially, he was only interested in you because of your connection with me and the correct assumption that he could use you as bait to lure me out of hiding. Now, however, he is hyperfocused on you, whether because of your assault on him or some other unknown reason linked to your time together. It looks as though he will continue to threaten you until he enacts whatever revenge he feels you deserve. But what of this letter?
Grumbling, he brought his knees to his chest and reached out of the cocoon of warmth, shocked at how cold the air felt. He glanced around his bedroom, hoping to see some clothing nearby. His typical trousers and jumper were folded neatly on the chair near the door, with his boots tucked underneath. Steeling himself, he whipped the blankets off and dashed over, yanking everything on as fast as he could without stumbling.
work these days. We require your particular knowledge of the criminal psyche to give NSY a direction to head in.”
, and it’s likely the last time we will ever be this intimate. I’ve spent the past few months ignoring this, delusional about the inevitability of our future apart. So deluded, in fact, that I’ve thrown myself headlong into pressuring us forward, wanting to get it over with instead of prolonging my agony by waiting. Like ripping a plaster, it’s best to yank it off. Get it done, and move on.
I can’t keep doing this.
I have had such an experience that I daresay if I recount it here, you will find me quite mad. I would not believe it myself had I not seen it with my own eyes.
, you see? With us, you can be who you
* * *
…? Now, John, listen,” he placates, hands raised in submission.
The gleam in John’s eye tells me everything I need to know before he acts. Within moments, I’ve yanked his arms away from Mycroft, pinning them behind his back and clicking my handcuffs around his wrists before he can do something he will regret later. He struggles against me, a thick snarl twisting out of his mouth and the undercurrent of half-uttered curses filling the hospital room.
After signaling for another fill, Brodie cleared his throat and asked, “Hoo hae ye bin?” while scratching at his scruffy, auburn beard.
about me. I take in the minute details of his appearance, and the truth is revealed: new, fine tension lines between his eyebrows and around his mouth. Fingers stained from increased cigarette smoking, twitching from too much nicotine and caffeine. Suit wrinkled at the hips and knees, indicating agitated pacing. Eyes bloodshot from little to no sleep. And the tremble in his chin...it’s the most damning piece of evidence on him.
. What a
say these words to each other one day, but for now
? And you sought fit to keep it to yourself? For what
Dr. Hooper,
“Watson?” I asked quietly, hoping to keep my response to him a secret. Every part of me knew that there was no way this could be the same man, yet his voice was familiar enough that I trusted my observations over my own skeptical views.
Blood
He paused long enough to glare at me, then growled, “Leave Germany, Sherlock, and never return. Leave before you get hurt.”
I am not a dog off his lead, and you are not my handler. I will return when I do. Do not, under any circumstances, bring Mrs. Hudson into this petty feud.
Sherlock resembled a marble statue as he stood perfectly still but for the spasms in his fingers. “You know what I am. Now, your name, please. I…,” he paused, his stare somehow intensifying. “
He nods, shoving his hands roughly in his pockets, and closes the distance to the door, cold fingers fumbling with his key. My feet are frozen, unable to move as I watch him disappear into the dark doorway and consider what awaits us upstairs. Another panic attack? More inaccurate ramblings about morality? Will he finally rage at me for leaving him?
The white-eyed man in the cave blinked once, then rose a single finger. “
“Arsehole!” Sherlock slammed his phone down on the desk, taking out more frustration than his brother was worth. It was ridiculous, really, that his parents expected him to exist in such an infuriating environment. There is no reason they could not afford a single room. Perhaps Mycroft convinced them he ought to share for
Don’t rationalize it into something more socially acceptable. You don’t have to do that
. Not usually, anyway. I hold his serious stare, allowing the briefest of apologies to flash across my face. He catches it, naturally, and gives a curt nod before his features resume their usual distance.
I waved my hand between us and looked over at the fire, feigning indifference to his praise. Secretly, pride was swelling in my chest at his acknowledgement of my contribution to Henry Knight’s psychological well-being. I wanted to say
the only one you
My lips twitch, holding back a smirk as John’s face cycles through varied reactions to my soliloquy, ranging from mild offense to irritation to finally, embarrassed shock. He meets my gaze, and upon seeing my chin waver and the mischievous glint in my eye, works at restraining his own laughter. He fails, naturally, and before long we’re both giggling helplessly. It feels familiar, releasing tightly wound adrenaline in this way with him. A flash of times passed. Moments of
“A man disappeared while on a hunting trip in these woods. What do you know of him?” I took a few steps towards his house, keeping him in my periphery while examining the trees. (A comfortable composition of beech, oak, and pine, as one would expect for this area of Germany.)
He blinked again, then resumed tying his boots before he could question it any more. Throwing his hunting knife into his pocket, he steeled himself and pulled open the heavy wooden door.
<<Nearly. Some protest is happening in the common so the bus was delayed. Save me a seat?
“I didn't have the chance to introduce myself,” I called after him. He paused a moment, never turning back to face me, and shook his head before continuing on. I considered shouting after him a second time, but the set of his muscular shoulders informed me that keeping my silence was the wiser option.
They sped down the hallway, rounding the bend past the common area on this floor, and Sherlock counted out the doors on his left as they walked.
There’s a hint of a kiss on my skin, and then a quiet, “God, that was
me. “John. Tell me what you remember of Charles,” he states calmly.
“I expect I’ll be released to Baker street this afternoon. Where is my clothing?”
No longer capable of fighting the shiver that fled up his spine, John whispered, “
The deeper he traveled, the more the outside world seemed to dissolve, replaced by dancing shadows in the corner of his eye and the rustling of underbrush behind him. He knew the reasons to stay out of the wood. Any normal Highland farmer would have turned back long ago, but here he stayed. The shivers down his spine were enough of a warning for most.
I stare up at him and notice the light blush creeping up his cheeks, as well as his very pointed gaze at my hand wrapped around his torso. I follow his eyes and realize I’ve been absentmindedly stroking his side, palm running over his ribs and down to his hip before retracing its path back up again.
To say that the man wore a suit did both the man
I will depart in the morning. Watson be damned--I’ll gain entry to his property, even if it means we go to fisticuffs about it.
, hovering electric in the air between us.
“It was after I passed out. I never saw the face, but I’m guessing it was Charles going by the brutality of it.” Sherlock frowns, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth before flouncing out of his chair to stalk to the sofa. One large step and he’s standing on the coffee table, his hands in his hair while he whirls about, muttering to himself. I watch for a moment, transfixed by his agitation. His thoughts are moving so quickly, pinging from point to point attempting to draw the lines between them all.
be. John is stalwart. He’s loyal. He’s always stayed with me, even when I’ve put him through hell. Moran won’t sway him, it’s not possible. Nothing makes John give up...
Suddenly I’m pushing through the crowd on
Sherlock clears his throat, his eyebrows raised at my contemplative silence. “Moran was…?” he asks curiously.
Turning to face me, he threads his fingers into my curls and smiles. “Possibly.” Some life returns to his eyes, the glint of mischief and steel sharpening his gaze. “Probably,” he adds with a smirk and the twitch of an eyebrow.
Agitated, I turn to look out the window while his rich, controlled baritone fills my head.
He looks in the direction I’m pointing and nods, resigned. “Yeah, all right. But anything suspicious you call me, yeah? Or shout?”
“You’re just winding me up,” he accuses, shoving lightly at my shoulder as he passes.
Bewitched, John stared up into the man’s chalky eyes and swallowed. “Ah dunnae kinn anythin’,” he argued, heart pounding in his ears.
He’s getting married, and there is
“Hm. Sure,” Mike said, suspicious but clearly giving in. “Say, you didn't happen to bring an extra pen with you, did you?”
, he never would’ve waited, and it must be driving him mad to do it now.
A black taxi pulls up below, and I force myself to the ledge, knowing it’s time.
“John,” he interrupts, glaring at me. “Stop hiding from me.
it,” he reasserts, his voice losing its usual warmth. He yanks his robe out of my hands and stands quickly, a single eyebrow raised as he stares down his nose at me.
Well, it may not be all John Watson right now, but somewhere in there is a doctor, an army captain, and more importantly a mate. Suddenly, I remember an aunt of mine who suffered from psychosis and refused to take her medications because she was paranoid, so the psychiatrist was able to prescribe her an injectable that helped her stay on an even keel. Why wouldn’t the same work for John? Molly said it herself--he had been hallucinating. I may not be a doctor, but I’ve seen enough psychotic symptoms to know when they’re happening.
Or perhaps we will keep avoiding what needs to be said, which might be the worst outcome of all. There are moments in life where one knows that jumping headfirst into a situation, no matter how stressful or chaotic, is the only way to successfully traverse the storm.
my brain can come up with.
. Why? I’m not the genius. I’m not the detective. I’m not even bloody
to cause pain and suffering, and he will
“Tea?”
“Fuck,
* * *
Instead, I said nothing.
with a flick of my tongue against my teeth. (He hates it when I do that.)
The pain as it bloomed through my face when he hit me, my cheekbone cracked and my nose instantly swollen and bleeding. The taste of snot and blood and tears, salty and bitter and coppery as it filled my mouth, coating my tongue and making me nauseous.
“Fine. I’m fine. Was that--”
Finally finally finally!!!
, and
John nodded, taking a long pull from the stein in his hand before answering, “Braw, braw. Ye?” He eyed his companion, watching for signs of concern at his obvious lie, but Brodie had been at the pub well before him and was several pints into his evening already.
“Mrs. Hudson, you don’t have…” She smiles even wider, her eyes twinkling as she shrugs, feigning innocence.
Well now, isn’t this interesting? Seems my brother and the good doctor have made amends, at least partially, going by the proximity with which they are approaching my vehicle and the clearly obvious affection in their eye contact. No more are the awkward glances and tense shoulders--these two are settling into something resembling comfort with each other yet again.
Dark auburn-black fur covered the backs of his hands and disappeared beneath the cuffs of his jacket. I blinked and turned in the circle of his arms, not fully believing my own eyes. I couldn’t breathe, nor did I want to as my gaze wandered up the broad expanse of his furry chest and neck. My head tipped back while I searched out his cool blue eyes amidst the face of
Another shake of my head, yet this time Mycroft remains quiet. “No, Mycroft. You can’t take him
complain to the headmaster. Two weeks in, and it was only getting worse. If things didn’t get better, he wasn’t sure he’d be able to tolerate it. Sighing to himself, he turned away and shrugged out of his clothing for class. His jersey top and shorts slid on comfortably, raising goosebumps on his skin, but he ignored it. Taking one last look around, he snatched up his rugby gear and water bottle and walked out into the hallway.
“Tea?” I ask, already headed into the kitchen to put the kettle on.
You keep blaming yourself for everything that’s happened, and I don’t agree. It’s
life, will it? It will be something else entirely. Maybe that’s why my breath is shallow and my heartbeat rapid. It’s still
Underneath, whimpering. Whining. Gasping, shallow breaths.
“John! Are you alright?”
**Not nearly as intense as previous chapters; John's getting a bit better at recognizing it and trying to keep it together!
concerned about the cause of his death.
“No, Sherlock.
came to
He’s gone.
“Start?”
“Baker street, lads,” the driver says loudly, startling us out of our conversation. Neither of us had noticed that the car had stopped, and it takes us a moment to break free from the tension and exit the cab. John starts walking toward the flat, pausing a few steps away to turn back and stare awkwardly at me as I pay the driver. Catching his eye, I force my lips up into a false smile, my heart thudding uncomfortably in my chest.
“Don’t leave me, John.
Right. Mycroft was part of this, I’m sure. Well,
“John, at this point I think it would be absurd for us to act as though I’m ashamed of your gaze on my body,” I argue, rolling my eyes dramatically.
I did manipulate him into sleeping--he looks gaunt, malnourished, and exhausted. Judging by the creases in his shirt and the stiffness in his shoulder, he’s been sitting for the majority of his time here, watching me. Waiting for me to wake. I fiddled with the morphine tap to convince the doctorly instincts in him to relax, and feigned unconsciousness until his hand on my head stilled and fell to my shoulder. He fought against sleep, head jerking the moment he would start to drift until finally, his neglected physiological needs won out (as I predicted it would). I adjusted his position to be as comfortable as possible within the current limitations imposed by the (supremely unnecessary) monitoring devices attached to me, and have since been observing him openly.
, I promise you. It's a nightmare.)
He crosses his arms and takes a deep breath, nostrils flaring while he exhales. “The second anything seems off, let me know. I mean it, Sherlock. I can’t…,” he shakes his head, squeezing his eyes shut for a moment while he swallows around the lump in his throat. His voice is tight with emotion, his face pained. Being here must be triggering his sympathetic nervous system, flooding his head with intrusive memories and his body with excess adrenaline. I can see it in the tight cords of his neck muscle, pulled taut in preparation for unseen threats. We need to finish what we’re doing and leave as soon as possible, that much is clear.
Then, he saw it again, and his mind was made up. Scooting out from beneath his sleeping cat, he grabbed the jacket by the door and pulled it on, flipping the collar up around his neck. He snatched a hat from the rack, then stuffed his pocket with a hank of rope and his knife.
Wanking with both the
A flick of his hand, dismissive. “An hour.” He glances at his wrist watch and purses his lips, “Well, 47 minutes at this point. Downstairs.” The expression on his face changes from put-upon inconvenience to uncertainty as he considers his next sentence. Years of living with Sherlock taught me to notice body language, and it’s clear he isn’t sure he wants to tell me something.
The flat is silent.
~S. Holmes
against me,” Sherlock states nastily, throwing his collar up against his neck and shifting to open the door. “Inform me of anything new.”
All at once, the unknown force released his arm, which fell stiffly to his side while he collapsed to his knees on the path. The damp of the rotten leaves slowly soaked through the knees of his trousers, sending a chill up his thighs as he cradled his injured wrist. Silent tears streamed out of his icy blue eyes, the warmth a welcome shock on his cold-numb and ruddy cheeks. Letting them slide slowly open, he cocked his head to side and glanced behind him.
. It doesn’t matter that we aren’t saying them aloud, not in this moment. We are holding them between us, secrets that we share only with each other like the quiet, warm puffs of breath shared in the dense silence of a night beneath silken sheets.
His mouth opens and shuts several times as he considers what to say, then stops himself. (Oscillation, again.) What aren’t you sure about, John?
married to my work because that was the only thing worth devoting my life to. I suppose, in a way, I still am, though my...
“Sherlock--” I hear as I’m about to press the ‘
“Stick to the lab next time, hmph,” he grumbled, staring at the note his roommate
And then he was dragged beneath the surface again.
No, he promised me.
John knew them all, yet he still crossed the treeline each morning as the grey-pink fingers of dawn crept across the sky. The air was crisp and still, just shy of biting as it pricked the back of his throat and pierced his lungs on his long morning walks. Crystalline dew drops clung frozen to every surface, sparkling as the sun caught them just right. Spring was on the horizon, but the sleepy Scottish countryside seemed uninterested in participating.
15 August 1879
“Sherlock,” he groaned to himself, taking the steps two at a time into the Bio building. Shoving a hand into his pocket, he slid the phone out and glanced at the screen alerts. Sure enough, it was from Sherlock, and it included pictures.
Time stands still the moment our eyes lock. It’s the briefest of moments, merely a second, yet it stops and allows us to bare our souls to each other. Then, the clock ticks forward and he’s lost in the sensations of orgasm with a shout, his eyes dimming and body trembling as he paints stripes of ejaculate on my abdomen and chest. He collapses soon afterwards into my arms, head heavily resting on my shoulder while his breathing slows and heart rate settles.
The ringing stops again, and I sigh happily. Nothing will take me out of this moment with
Day 3
He barks out a laugh, shoulders shaking with suppressed giggles. “More efficient?
It only adds fuel to my already raging fire.
It’s one of my letters to Sherlock.
the graphic description of the amount of pain it’s causing me.
Sherlock never would have--”
Sherlock and John are making some excellent progress together. ;)
Shaking his head, he bundled his coat tighter around his quaking core and walked into the forest, striding directly up to the stone circle. Squaring his shoulders, he took one last glance around him at the trees. He was so used to seeing nothing in his time in the forest that he nearly missed the tall, thin figure dressed in rich mahogany leathers standing between two birch trees off to his right.
“Good morning, Gavin!” I shout, using both palms to thrust open the warehouse door and step out into the cool, clear twilight. The air is brisk, immediately condensing the exhalations from my mouth into fat clouds as I look up and down the street, orienting myself to my surroundings.
he is. Heaven forbid he
As John opened his mouth to say something else, the man veered away to the right and disappeared, hopping onto a bus that had just pulled up at a stop. John watched for far too long, searching for the man amongst the rest of the students, until he tripped on a curb and nearly stepped into traffic.
No one in the village seemed to know.
I’m drowning, lungs burning and fingers tingling. My chest won’t expand, so I’m gasping and my thoughts are swirling, a million images of him flooding my mind.
...why I
“No one is--”
“I know,” I reply, forcing a small smile. “Meet back here in fifteen.” He presses his lips into a tight line before he hums and strides off in the direction I indicated, steps strong and purposeful.
He continues stroking me slowly, almost torturously, until my muscles are tight and trembling and my thighs are quivering, the tension causing shockwaves to shoot in all directions from my injury, yet I’m too far gone to care. Unable to get a full breath, I’m reduced to a panting mess by his wicked hand on my cock and delicious mouth alternating between my nipples, whines and whimpers the only sounds I’m capable of making as he tears me apart. Finally, I feel the familiar flutters of building orgasm low in my abdomen, my balls heavy until suddenly,
of the mug on the table and look over my shoulder at Sherlock, who is standing stock-still with an alarmed expression on his face, mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water.
There are many reasons to stay out of the wood.
Grasping at anything that might get him off my case, I throw out, “We’ll text our statements to you.” Behind me, John lets out a breathy laugh as his stride picks up, trying to keep pace with me as we near the exit of the warehouse.
A crash nearby startles me into near panic again. I scramble across the floor, throwing my back against the tub as Sherlock comes bursting through the door. It swings wildly on its hinges, smacking into the wall and leaving a hole from the doorknob in the horsehair plaster. My flatmate looks insane; his hair is wildly sticking out on all sides of his head, errant curls flapping as he scans the room, deducing everything that’s happened since I’ve been in here. His robe is sliding off one of his shoulders, the belt hanging from a single loop and pooling on the floor next to his bare feet. I can hear his breath whistling erratically through his nose--he’s nearly as panicked as I am. He slowly sinks to the floor into an awkward crouch, taking extra care to protect his wounded leg. Once he reaches the floor, he keeps his distance from me, a single hand reaching out with an open palm, attempting to soothe me as if I’m a frightened animal, trapped in a cage.
sees it, and so he moved to join me once he knew that
“John,” I begin, reaching towards him but letting my hand fall short as he shoots a tense glare my way. His eyes follow my hand, brows furrowing as he stares at it on the seat.
“Well, I was drugged. And drunk, and...not myself. I don’t remember much,” I reply, disappointed. “He was large, blonde, and brutal. He seemed to delight in the pain he was causing me. A brute, probably has been a grunt for someone much smarter for most of his life. Different from Moran. Moran was…” My brain takes me back to that night, in the damp warehouse, my pants filthy and torn, soaked through at the knees. The room dark, lit by a few odd bulbs hanging on wires, swinging wildly as my captors moved nearby. Charles, laughing; no,
“The usual,” I agree, glancing back up at the windows. Sherlock’s taken to playing his violin; Bach’s
“There is no threat of danger here. If I fall--unlikely--I can call you. The sooner I get what I need, the sooner we leave,” I insist, peering down at him. “There are over a dozen people here. Even if Moran
“Ready?” I ask, not knowing if I feel ready myself.
What will I say?
words to accurately elucidate the cyclone of emotions and thoughts battering themselves against the inside of my ribs.
of what you need--violence, an outlet for all that anger--but it isn’t the good stuff. Nah, he can’t give you what you truly want, what you
“Mycroft, of course I’ll return to Baker street. Don’t be an arsehole,” I hear from over my right shoulder. The back of my neck immediately tingles with a flood of embarrassment, shame, and excitement that John has been privy to at least some of this exchange between us. I take a deep breath before turning to face him, needing visual observation to properly assess his emotional state and determine whether he means what he says.
Something
That’s what happened, too, which came as a major disappointment to John. As the door to their room swung open, it revealed a fully dressed chemistry major sitting at his desk with a pipette already in hand. John paused in the doorway and sighed. So much for cuddling.
your fault. You didn’t ask for
John Watson was
“Sherlock,” John murmurs, his hand coming up to card through my curls. His tone sounds as lost and confused as I feel. “Can we talk?”
Greg frowns, affronted at the accusation. “
He was talking, Moriarty
your way.
It’s gutting me, hearing him talk like this, choking on his anguish. In my effort to get him contained, I hadn’t noticed Mycroft leave the room. The quiet
“John?” a soft, familiar voice said. It sounded far away. “John, I’m scared,” she added.
Nothing happened.
“Of course I’m bloody well
“Sherlock...what is this?” I ask quietly. He swallows thickly and forces a smile.
title,” Sherlock countered, lips twitching as he fought a grin.
“For a man who has seen the horrors of war and does not hesitate to charge towards dangerous criminals, this shouldn’t be intimidating, Dr. Watson,” I comment, sweeping him forward with a hand in the small of his back. He complies with several stuttering steps, legs stiff and uncooperative.
(As if I could.)
. Just...I
“Don’t...leave…,” he mutters as he begins to drift into much-needed sleep.
Beta_Jawn, who I love forever, created these gorgeous pieces of art to depict the shift in facial expressions when Sherlock first wakes up in the last chapter. Enjoy!!
“Obviously,” I reply with false sarcasm, rolling my eyes. He smirks and drops the bag in a chair to come help me as I throw the blanket off my lap and swing my legs over the side of the bed.
He narrowed his eyes, barely taking them off of me, and scratched at his unshaven cheek. “What do you want?” he asked finally, voice barely above a growl. His hair shone in the dappled light descending through the trees, a pleasant mix of gold, bronze, silver, and platinum. Such a stark contrast to the darkened bags beneath his blue-gold eyes and the greyish pallor of his skin.
John’s thoughts barely broke the surface of his consciousness most days. His body was not his own, merely at the whim of the creature who had entranced him. Occasionally he would look at the pale-skinned man and see glimpses of their time together, running together like chalk in the rain. Other times he merely complied, too broken to try to fight it.
, I was hoping to observe him further.
,” Moran explains with an exaggerated yawn. “Jim always said Sherlock was on the side of the angels, and he assumed it was
But first, his dorm had to be set right. So, he went about it, cleaning every surface thoroughly with disinfectant with the windows thrown wide to air out the smell. As the evening chatter in the courtyard below wafted up to his room, he snatched up another piece of paper and a pen. Outside, the crickets chirped as darkness settled, and he found his rage fading. He should have written when he was proper angry, but now he had lost his steam and wanted to just sit and study.
Moran chuckles, shaking his head. “No, no, of course not. I’ve got my own little helper here, just as you have yours.”
He planted his hands on either side of my head, releasing my shoulders, and pulled away.
Without giving anything away, I just want to say that this chapter is a huge turning point for our boys, and I am really excited about it!
Shrugging off his fingertips, I throw my arms out, planting my hands on my hips. He flinches back, outstretched hand wavering in the air before it drops back down to his side to toy with the frayed edge of his dressing gown. His face is the same--worried and watching. Waiting for the outburst. Ready to react. I breathe, willing my heart rate to settle before we continue. While raging at him feels cathartic, I know he won’t have a proper fight with me the way I want him to.
No sign of Watson. No additional information about Anderson. I do believe my best chances at discovering the true cause of the man’s disappearance will be in the forest. When in doubt, return to the crime scene. There’s always additional evidence to be found.
. I’m tired of walking on eggshells, tired of feeling unsure. We both
His eyes slide from John’s sleeping form over to meet my gaze, chin rising slightly.
,” he breathes onto my trapezius, resting his forehead on my neck. “You have no idea what you do to me…” John molds himself to me, rubbing his rigid erection against my arse and groaning at the contact. His hands find their way to my hips again to hold me steady while he grinds into me, breath coming in needy gasps. My own hand trails down my abdomen until I reach the edge of my trousers and pinch open the button, then slide down the zipper. Shimmying my hips, I begin pushing my bottoms over my arse and down my thighs, moaning as the cool air kisses my exposed skin, increasing my sensitivity.
Gaze falling to the rugby bag on the floor, his thoughts drifted to his now routine evening rendezvous with the handsome man named John. He wondered if perhaps his irritating roommate and John knew each other. They clearly had practice together.
my mantra at the moment, repeats itself over and over in my head, coinciding with the pulse that’s throbbing in my ears.
. I need to say this out loud. I’m tired of hiding these words from you. I...I need you to know,” he insists, facing me. Silent tears stream down his face, illuminated in the rhythmic flashes of streetlamps as the car continues through the busy London roads. In his weariness, John seems so much older, the bags under his eyes pronounced and the wrinkles in his forehead casting shadows on his face. I find myself longing to hold his head in my lap and draw soothing circles on his scalp until he feels calm, but now is not the time. There’s a determination in his face that keeps me still and quiet, giving him this moment, the space to say what he needs to.
Lestrade sighs. “It’s
With a grin, John knelt down. Tongues immediately found his face, licking him everywhere as long-nailed paws pressed into his thighs. “You’re all such good puppies,” John said quietly, hands roaming from head to head as he tried to give each dog a few good scratches and pets. “Such
Not because he found it fascinating, these visceral,
The coffee here is surprisingly decent, considering. As I swirl the dregs, there’s an uptick in John’s heart monitor.
Sherlock pushed John away from him and breathlessly nodded. “Come on, John!” he urged, linking their hands together and pulling him off towards his dorm. He desperately hoped his idiotic roommate wasn’t there. No matter--if he was, he’d just throw him out into the hallway. Nothing was coming between him and John. He laughed, overwhelmed and excited, and John joined him with a giggle
(...)
Everything about me freezes, including my rogue bloody hand, and I squeeze my eyes shut with a silent prayer to rewind the last few moments.
. The talented, awful man who
I hear myself croak as if standing on the other side of the room. “
“John, don’t be absurd.”
Even through his Belstaff I can feel the sharp angles of his hip bones under my fingers, and it spurs a traitorous thought:
And--
You love being in control of someone else’s body like that,
“One hour,” Mycroft replies matter-of-factly before the line goes dead.
the merest hint of a whisper in my ear. Am I ready to see those icy, green-blue eyes open? To bare my soul to him? Surely he’ll see it all.
,” he shakes his head, jaw working for a moment as he clears his thoughts.
I did not contain my laughter at this absurd belief. “Well, since the Devil is an abstract concept used to intimidate those with lesser morals, and wearing furs is hardly a reason for alarm, I do believe I shall take my chances amongst the trees.”
“You shouldn’t be here,” the voice murmured as the body behind me pressed into mine, threatening to crush me against the wardrobe. “You
However, on my walk back to the inn, I passed a small local market in the village square. As I perused the wares at one end of the aisle, there was a man who caught my interest at the other end. He was a stout, blonde man with piercing eyes who seemed particularly curious about me. I suppose I must be quite distinguishable from the rest of the village, and he is perhaps particularly prone to paranoia about strangers. I recognize that none of these details are important. What
needs to be said. John, obviously still tense, clenches his hands into fists and waits, working through his own thoughts and searching for something coherent.
They were back in Sherlock’s underground lair, laying on the collection of hay filled pillows he--no,
“Hm?” he mumbled. Swallowing, he picked up his glass of water and took a large gulp. “Something wrong?”
The moment I drain the last of my tea, John places his hands flat on the table and stands up. “My turn,” he announces, gesturing with his head towards the living room. “Will you queue up the song in the middle of the playlist? The one that sounded different from all the others?”
Fearful that a response might provoke aggression, I rose slowly to my feet without looking behind me, hunting cap gripped tightly in my fist. The moment my body was upright, strong hands closed around my shoulders and shoved me up against the bureau. I quickly judged that the...
The tears threatening to spill over onto his cheekbones glisten in the harsh hospital room lighting, creating the illusion of sparkles around his eyes. It would be beautiful--
! Instead of continuing to speak, I stare, blinking rapidly and clenching my fists at my sides. Restless agitation sends sparks through my muscles, filling my chest with an annoying hum.
Above him, a fierce howling gust shook the trees, clattering the naked branches against each other in warning. He could nearly make out a word in the wind, though he shook his head and told himself he imagined it. Another gust whipped by his ears, biting the exposed flesh of his neck with its icy fangs while snaking down past the collar of his coat. Again, he heard a word.
to listen.
He waits a moment before replying, “There’s fresh milk in the fridge.”
Why couldn’t he breathe? What happened? How did he end up here, back with Greg in the deserts of Afghanistan, reliving the very moment his best friend bled out in his hands and died under the scorching sun? He hated it, hated it
He shook his head and pushed away from the table, the sick feeling in the pit of his stomach churning with the threat of upheaval. Heat crawled up the back of his neck and settled onto his cheeks, making them tingle. Snatching up his coat, he threw it on and fled to the door, again forgetting the doorknob and slamming his knuckles into the hardwood. Cursing, he corrected himself and flung open the door, practically throwing himself out of the house.
Sherlock paused, cocking his head to the side and nosing into John’s beard. The man felt a smile against his neck as Sherlock continued nuzzling him, clearly pleased with his admission. John returned the smile, pulling his arms around the lithe form. He dared not think about his lie, for he knew Sherlock possessed the ability to know his thoughts. Despite the war in his mind, he knew one thing was certain--he needed an escape route.
I blink, and time leaps forward. Moriarty has just walked out the door, having called off the snipers after threatening me. My feet carry me immediately to John before I can stop myself, hands trembling as they roam all over him, yanking and pulling at the explosive vest as quickly as I’m able. It’s not fast enough, and I curse myself for such inadequacy.
to go to practice tonight?” he blurted out.
have a good time, last time.
, surely I'm dying. I can't think!
“You know, this would be much easier if you had just agreed to the crutches,” I chide.
key and place it in front of the lock. The door looms over me, seemingly twice as large as it usually is as I consider the weight of this moment.
“Say it
to me?”
The flood of dopamine at his admission drowns my senses, blanketing me in a heavy warmth that settles in my very bones. The world around us dissipates. All I feel is his calloused, strong hands on my face, thumbs lovingly stroking the coarse beard hair under my cheekbones. His eyes pierce my own, and for the first time since seeing him in the warehouse, bruised and bleeding, the weight of unsaid words between us feels
He shakes his head, clearing the fog from his eyes, and frowns down at the ground while he thinks. A moment passes and he glances back up suddenly. “An office. One in recent use, probably by Moran.” Nodding, I pull out my phone and begin searching for the floor plans for the warehouse, striding out of the office and onto the factory floor, away from the rest of my compatriots. I’m barely limping as my leg continues to heal and the adrenaline numbs any lingering pain.
looked at myself in a while. I was so wrapped up in my grief, my pain and depression... I must look awful. My thoughts start spinning, spiraling through all the scenarios, imagining how
. Vulnerable, open, willing...
“They aren’t
“Watson,” I prompted.
between us.
. Don’t be daft,” he chides with a smirk. “I must admit, your helper is much better looking than mine!” At that, Sherlock enters the room but something’s...wrong. He’s gagged, a cloth pulled tightly across his mouth, drawing his lips up into a bizarre grin. His eyes are wild,
have. He
“John.” My voice sounds strangled, false. (Not mine?)
,” he warns. “This is serious. We’ve received a message, from--”
,” I commented as I buttoned my waistcoat.
He schools his features into a perfectly blank slate and stares coolly at me, leisurely blinking like a lazy cat. “Obviously.”
He tore his gaze away from the man and looked back down at his own hands. The jacket was bunched in them still, covered in rusty blotches, but he was no longer pressing into Greg’s stomach. The man was gone, vanished while his attention was diverted.
I laugh and take it with me, heading out of her flat.
“He isn’t even trying to get away, I’ve got it sorted,” I protest, shifting to shield John as much as I can from them.
. I gave up everything I had to keep you safe, even when it tore me away from you. I’ve promised you I will never leave you again, and I mean it. There is no way I could ever do that again and survive it. I just...
Warnings:
Sherlock was
Again, I shake my head at him. There aren’t words for
He snorts imperiously, affronted. I snicker harder until he finally joins me, deep rumbles shaking his chest. Eventually, our humor settles but we remain connected through our eyes and joined hands, everything still unsaid floating between us.
“Yes, or no?” John asks me, an irritated expression on his face. His hand is still on my arm, eyes wide. I can feel the familiar threads of annoyance rolling off of him, twisting in the air between us. It tries to settle between my shoulder blades and deep in my belly, but it’s easy enough to fight off in lieu of my intense hyperfocus on the case. That’s all that matters at the moment. Emotions are fleeting with enough persistence. “
This is a very different ‘morning after’ than what I expected.
But there were
“Nonsense,” Sherlock dismissed with a wave of his hand. “I know how intelligent you are, and I know how much you studied beforehand. I also know how challenging the course material is, and calculating in a small range for error, I expect you to come home with a 94% on The Big One. The others, probably similar though I didn’t spend as much time on the statistics and probability for them. This
I need to breathe, but my chest is too tight with anxiety. The beeping from his heart rate monitor beats a staccato rhythm, counterbalanced with the ticking of the clock. Both sounds are drowning me, filling the room and sucking the air out of it.
He stares at my throat, refusing to look up, and nods once. “Don’t we need music?”
” He nods, lips pressed together as if it’s perfectly clear what he’s saying.
The room shifts sideways as I have the startling realization that I’m home at Baker street, in the loo, and that Moran is
Just for me, for...for
Taking the stairs two at a time feels like molasses, yet my broken body fights against moving any faster. I hate it, hate how much pain I’m in and how much it pales in comparison to what Sherlock’s just survived.
come into the woods. He
Behind him, the make-shift noose hung from the tree, beckoning the defeated man.
“Mycroft didn’t forward your mail for you?” I ask, fighting to keep the bitterness from my voice.
“Bollocks,” he muttered to himself. He had studied, but it never feels like enough when you’re in pre-med. And then there was the matter of his roommate…
If John knew we were out here discussing his mental and medical health without him, he would be furious. My thoughts flash back to him beneath me, fighting back after he nearly broke Mycroft’s arm.
Sherlock whips his head around and demands suddenly, “That’s all of it?” His voice is high and tight, a bit too loud for this small space. He’s on the edge of panic, realizing how dangerous this situation is.
“Let’s go home, idiot.”
in this instance.
Mycroft still hasn’t left yet, his car idling near the curb below. No doubt ordering the battalion to protect us and ensure we
(I hate it.)
, as Sherlock would say.
A week passed before John entered the forest again. This time, he left his knife at home, though alarms sang in his head and he felt its absence more than he ever noticed it banging against his thigh in the past. His sleep had been fitful the entire week, full of nightmares of crows and faceless, bizarre creatures that strapped him to the trees and flayed him open. He woke each morning in a cold sweat, face hot and hair matted to his forehead. Whispers that felt like snakes slithering on his skin surrounded him, their tendrils crawling into his ears until his heart pounded and head throbbed. The seventh day he awoke in such a panic that he immediately yanked on his boots over the thick wool socks he wore to sleep, tying sloppy bows in the laces as he hopped towards the door. Mycroft stared at him from the floor in front of the ember-filled hearth, head cocked to the side in confusion at John’s impatience.
I lost my chance, if there ever was one. I lost it the moment I told him I was flattered but married to my work. (Stupid,
to see me. My blood sings in my veins, an involuntary grin drawing my lips up until my cheeks ache. He mirrors me, a genuine smile gracing those perfectly shaped lips. His eyes, fully open and focused, gloss over with the intensity of the moment.
I can do about
My phone buzzes in my hand just as I’m about to start walking to the office on the opposite side of the room.
I bring my tingling fingers up to rub the back of my neck, glancing down at my feet. “Of course...
Silence from the couch.
That’s it. I don’t have to listen to this. “Shut it, you prat.” I stare at the clock. I missed lunch... again. The clock seems to be speeding forward to spite me. Just like everything else in my life apparently.
act like a human being for once.
General anguish and emotional suffering
I watch as his shoulders straighten, chin jutting forward in a show of confidence that I doubt he feels. “Once he wakes from the sedative, I’ll propose these options to him if he is lucid enough,” he replies calmly, the mask of certainty sliding over his features.
He wanted to run up to the man, snatch at his shoulders and demand to know what he was doing here.
Moran is sucking provocatively on his thumb now, a small dribble of blood colored spit slinking lazily down his chin.
. Well,
Throughout our exchange, the Detective Inspector’s head swiveled back and forth between us, the audience to our sparring. “2200,” he responds slowly, eyes flicking to me with an unspoken question. I nod once, huffing noisily through my nose in irritation. “You
“Right. No, I get that. We aren’t contesting that at all, we just need some descriptors from you. You were the last person to see him aside from Sherlock, and he’s...well…,” the flash of his vague gesture at the hospital bed breaches my peripheral vision briefly. I can’t take my eyes off Sherlock. Not that I want to.
what you get up to in yours.”
There, that ought to do it. After taping it to his roommate’s bureau, John snatched up his phone and took a few photos. There’s no way Mike would believe him otherwise. And, good to have evidence in case he needed to file any complaints with the headmaster. He hoped it wouldn’t come to that--he’d never had issues with roommates before, and he didn’t particularly want to start now.
“Greg, hi,” I start, throwing him a false smile. He’s too busy staring at Sherlock, shellshocked, to notice me. I clear my throat and he blinks, startling back to reality while his eyes snap to mine.
In an act of desperation I grab John’s hand tightly, bringing it to my lips. He squeezes my fingers in response, thumb stroking the top of my wrist while tears run down his cheeks and his body shudders in my arms.
* * *
“Of course I want you to come home with me, John,” I interrupt, voice firmer than I expected it would be.
“Yes, perhaps it is time for a cigarette. Join me?” Mycroft asks, ignoring my challenge and jumping straight to showing off. Must have seen my fingers twitch or something bloody insignificant like that.
John has brought his cane--
. “You know what this is about, John. I can handle it without--”
. People were uneasy. He didn’t mind.
friend Doctor Watson would say.)
said it. But he’s too fragile to take charge right now, and I’m too impatient to wait.
I need help, I can’t...I just
Our story is clicking along! At this point, I'm expecting us to have another 5 or so chapters. Our boys do derail me from time to time, but we are nearing the end for sure. Thanks for your support!
. John couldn’t think of what could possibly make anyone more
Fine. He could write another note. This time he wouldn’t be so nice about it.
of the lighter on my left sounding twice before a second ghost of tobacco smoke curls around us.
and was using him to speak to me, the
Sherlock (like I do) or they all hate him. Not Moran, though. He wanted to kill Sherlock until he met me, and now he’s
He clears his throat, clearly still uncomfortable. His feet fidget on the floor, fingers toy with the loose thread. The flush in his cheeks is more prominent, and he keeps opening his mouth as if he’s about to speak.
him. He’ll get me, and then he’ll get Sherlock, and everything we’ve worked so hard for will be
“BLOODY HELL!” Whipping my head up, I reach for my phone, intent on hurling against the nearest wall. John startles, hands thrown into the air with a panic-stricken look on his face. As I glance down to hit the “decline” button, the name on the screen sends ice through my veins.
Heat prickled the back of his neck as he blushed, knowing full well what Sherlock was doing. It was always exciting, being roommates with him, as well as a little unnerving. John wasn’t sure what Sherlock thought of their relationship, as the man was not one for talking about feelings. Be that as it may, John was happy enough, even if he was a little more behind on his studies than he had been prior.
Apologies for the delay on this chapter. I had a very busy weekend celebrating Beta_Jawn's birthday! Also, these two were giving me some trouble. I did not expect this to be...what it is. But I'm pleased with it. I hope you are too!
He grabbed the closest piece of paper he could find that wasn’t covered in filth and scratched out a note.
His gaze meets mine, eyes steely as his hand curls into a fist on his thigh. “Sherlock, it doesn’t matter. I’m supposed to be a doctor. They were
He was afraid, but not of the man in the wood. Not of the mysterious events in his house, nor the way he kept losing time. Anyone else would be terrified had they been subjected to such horrors.
. I was calm,
He wrote letters to me when he thought I was dead.
“My--
,” Sherlock replied, still staring into John’s soul. “And you’re a rugby player.”
get to it eventually.”
It’s clumsy in the beginning, as it is with all new things, but it doesn’t take long before we achieve the natural flow of our partnership on the floor. The music cycles between various songs composed by all of the great artists, interspersed with my own pieces. Despite the differing styles, John is able to adapt the basics of the steps and starts adding his own flourishes and complications. It’s remarkable, and it only serves to deepen my love for him.
The kettle whistle jolts us both, him dropping his arms immediately while I nearly jump out of my skin like a teenager who’s been caught watching porn. Before he can catch my eye, I turn and busy myself with the tea. He was clearly imagining dancing with
“I do consulting work with the campus police. I’ll explain later.” He looked down at his watch and swore under his breath. “Duty calls. Good night,
“Like this?” he whispers.
“Mrow?”
I am still in shock, my hand shaking despite the laudanum provided to me. Perhaps I do require some morphine so I may process all that happened with some sort of clarity.
“Let me see what I can do. I’ll be back in a tick.”
My body, already aching, sang within moments, and his followed not long after.
He’s right, of course. A few bills and adverts, nothing more. Mrs. Hudson sees me when I return, and she sweeps me up into a tight, motherly hug.
“Do you still have them?” I ask, hopeful.
,” he says venomously, refusing to look at me. “Respecting your privacy is
man by
Worried.
John was nearly there, nearly at the edge of the circle of stones that called to him. He would do it, this time. He would step back into it and drown.
He clears his throat and continues, “Some of what he said about me is
“...you don’t think so,” he replies, staring at the ceiling. Even in this state, he’s quick. It’s no wonder Sherlock likes him so much. He keeps up.
“John!”
?” a slimy, slithering voice curled around his earlobe.
and feeling the numbing effects of sentiment as I thought of them. Naturally, the moment we share space again the fairy tale dissolves and I’m reminded yet again of reality.
In a flash, he’s taken a large step closer and is towering over me. Our chests are nearly touching, and I can feel his breath fanning out over my face as he looks down through half lidded eyes. “I have been in love with you since the first time you saved my life, John Watson. You will never be inconvenient to me. I
(See the end of the chapter for
. John shrank back as the creature leaned towards him, peering into his face with the same curious expression he wore in the wood.
those mortals who knew and refused to believe. Those mortals who whispered behind his back and told stories around the fire of the man who returned from the Wood.
Amongst the crowd of villagers, a thin, lanky man stood with his back to John. Dark, familiar curls wrapped around the underside of his hat. The man reached for an apple, thin fingers digging into the red skin in a way that made John shudder.
I cried too. It felt...good. Relief, I think. I haven’t cried like that since I was alone in a tent in Afghanistan after losing half our battalion and taking a bullet to the shoulder.
