"John, there's nothing until we have those results. Molly is moving at a snail's pace. I can't take it. Get me some. Get me some now!" Sherlock demanded. John frowned at him and replied crossly.
Anthea smiled, but it did not reach her eyes. She was the only one besides himself and Dr. Hooper who know that Sherlock is still alive. "That might prove difficult." Anthea murmured.
“I wish you would give me a chance.” Greg whispered.
“Mycroft you’re highly intelligent and motivated and if you put that genius to good use there is no limit to what you can achieve. However, you’re also an Alpha. You need a bond.” His Uncle said bluntly. “Suppressants are not meant for long term use in Alphas and you must cycle off of them periodically to avoid physical and psychological damage. Even on suppressants, unbonded Alphas are unstable. Your parents and I have gone to great lengths to avoid the registry, but there are some things money and influence can’t control.” Mycroft sat in stunned silence. His Uncle sighed and continued. “It would have been easier if you had presented as Omega, but you didn’t so-“
"Father, I hate to tell you this, but I don't have faith. Don't you need faith to become a priest?" Greg asked in a hollow voice feeling hopelessness and grief overcome him. Alone, he was utterly alone at the age of 15.
"Greg won't appreciate you stepping on his toes on this one. He says it's personal." Molly confided. Sherlock scowled at her and retorted.
"Always so aggressive. Did it ever occur to you that you and I belong on the same side?" Mycroft inquired with a sigh.
"What do you mean re-enlisted? He was shot and given a medical discharge!" Harry shouted clearly shocked and angry.
Sicut erat in principio
"I'm more worried about bullets or explosives." James replied with a sigh of his own releasing a plume of smoke as he answered. "You've earned it, John. That much is for damn sure. Anyone would back that up." James said changing the topic back easily. John and his commanding officer had, over the last few months, developed not only a mutual respect for one another, but a deep friendship as well, which often proved to be a bit of a delicate balancing act at times. James was always professional, but their relationship was a complicated one and it was a potential minefield of conflicts. James was the only one who knew the whole story. Everything, including Sherlock and his fall. Not even Murray had known that John had watched, horrified as his best friend, his unrequited love, had fallen to his death resulting in John re-enlisting without caring whether he lived or died. John sometimes got the sense that if things were different between them that James would have asked for more, but John's heart was still broken and, what's more, intimate relationships within the ranks were strictly forbidden. Not to say that it was unheard of for such things to go on behind closed doors.
"I helped…fake his death. I supplied a body signed a fraudulent death certificate. I risked everything. It was killing me keeping it inside, but Mycroft said that the mission must come first." Molly rushed to explain. "Moriarty's reach was vast and Sherlock had to take the web apart."
"Sherlock?" John asked with a quick glance at his watch. Traffic had been bad. It had taken 45 minutes for him to get here. Even so, it seemed a short amount of time for police questioning to have taken place.
"It was huge, coal black fur, red eyes. It got him and tore him apart. I can't remember anything else. They found me the next morning just wandering on the moor. They never found his body." Henry said looking haunted.
(Death to me is a reward)
momento mori
(Remember that you will die)
Smoke and Mirrors
The actions which he had taken in an attempt to keep his brother safe had unintended consequences. Their Mother wasn’t the same and she grew neglectful allowing Sherlock free reign while Mycroft was away. His brother began using drugs and their relationship, which had once been so close when Sherlock was small, became adversarial. Mycroft had struck him when he alluded to the fact that he wished for Mycroft to die of a heart attack. Mycroft had regretted it but couldn’t bring himself to apologize. Sherlock didn’t know the truth. No one did. More words came back to him seeming to mock him. “The roads we walk have demons beneath, and yours have been waiting for a very long time.” The words had been meant for Sherlock but Mycroft may as well have been speaking about himself.
Greg took a long drag off of his cigarette holding it for a moment in order to savor the familiar burn feeling his tension lessen before releasing a plume of smoke into the air with a tired sigh. He really should quit. Bad habits had a way of catching up to you. He was getting too old for this. Greg let the comforting weight of the relic around his neck soothe him. It was no ordinary necklace for inside the small pendant was a chip of bone belonging to St. Jude the Apostle, the patron saint of lost causes. It served as one of his most powerful wards, an ordination gift given to him by his long deceased mentor, it had been passed down amongst their order for centuries. His eyes drifted over the blood stained church. Those words were too familiar, eerily familiar. The words on the church's floor haunted him bringing back memories that he would rather forget. How had he gotten here? How had he become a wayward priest? It had been a long journey with many twists and turns that had led him here. He was an unlikely savior, a priest whose faith was tested daily, yet he still remained one of the last of his kind, one of the few trained and able to fight the darkness.
“Suppose not.” He whispered looking defeated.
“I’m sorry, Son. She’s gone. We did everything we could.” John shook his head in denial and couldn’t stop the tears from flowing down his cheeks. No! It wasn’t fair. John looked around the empty waiting room. Harry had run off. She was out getting drunk somewhere, no doubt. John was now alone with no one but the exhausted looking physician. “Is there anyone I can call?” The man asked in a gentle voice. John shook his head and answered brokenly.
"John, I'm serious. This is purely based on merit. Your record is flawless. It is well deserved and once you complete the training you will qualify for another promotion to the rank of Lt. Colonel." Sholto insisted meeting his eyes evenly. John paused for a moment as he considered the offer. Even within the military, there was a great deal secrecy surrounding the 22 SAS Regiment. The training was brutal and included specialization in one of four different areas depending on the troop assignment. Boat which were maritime specialists, Air which included both HALO and HAHO specialists, Mobility were experts in desert warfare with advanced training in mechanics and Mountain which were experts in arctic warfare. There was also an anti-hijacking counterterrorism team. John knew more about SAS than most as he had worked with a team during his last deployment to Afghanistan during operation HERRICK before being shot in the shoulder leading to his medical discharge. What the hell, John thought. Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
"Very well." Sherlock replied and rung off leaving Molly to wonder what she had gotten herself into.
"Those things will kill you." John lectured wearily with a sigh as they walked side-by-side back towards the barracks in Kandahar.
John swallowed before he answered in a soft voice. "I've seen heaven and hell and just about everything in between. I'm just trying to earn forgiveness." John admitted. It wasn't the whole truth, far from it, but it was the best he could offer.
Sherlock sniffled and replied. “Not funds, Myc. We are descended from Lords and nobles. Of course they had money. I meant I’m a minor; who will be my guardian? Mother and Father are both gone now. Uncle Rudy died a year before them.” Mycroft scoffed.
"Name is Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker's Street." The man stated with a wink as he slipped out the door followed by Molly Hooper. John looked at Mike in disbelief and Mike only smirked and said.
"I'll pray that won't be necessary." Greg said sincerely. John nodded accepting the truce.
"The darkness, Sherlock. I can sense it and so can you. Otherwise, you would be looking at John with terror in your eyes. John's not the same. He never will be. I tried to warn you…" Molly insisted as she trailed off as Sherlock shook his head in denial. No, Sherlock needed to see the truth. He needed to see the risks. He was nearly exsanguinated a moment ago. "Don't turn a blind eye, it's more than just the hunger, Sherlock. The darkness in him is strong, much stronger than his grace. Its pull is powerful and will be difficult to resist; lust, avarice, envy, gluttony, sloth, pride, and wrath. What's more, we still don't know what he is capable of. What the true extent of his supernatural abilities are, as well as his strengths and weaknesses. Whatever he has become; he is extraordinarily powerful. He broke through your brother's wards. I fear John Watson is fighting a losing battle. He had already fallen before the bite and was trying to earn redemption and with it his place back in heaven…" Sherlock held up a hand to silence her before she could go on.
"You head to New Scotland Yard. I'll call Mycroft. I'll stick out at the Met like a sore thumb. You can slip in unnoticed." Greg insisted causing John to raise an eyebrow. "Don't text him. If they are questioning him, it's likely that they consider in a suspect. The phone will be used as evidence."
“Yes, but--” Greg struggled to explain without making it worse.
"It was for a case." Sherlock retorted with a huff. "Did you have to have us escorted here?" It was then Mycroft's turn to scoff.
"Type II" Murray whispered under his breath. "I'm sorry. God, John. I'm so sorry."
"I called in a major favor to find the succubus. I would have to earn another. I dread to think what that would involve." Sherlock said with a shudder.
John woke abruptly with a gasp and groaned, feeling disoriented in the dark unfamiliar place. God! Everything hurt, he felt like he was burning up. He gagged as strong smells overwhelmed his senses. John shook his head in an attempt to clear it but it did no good. He writhed and whimpered. His groin felt heavy and the sides of his neck ached. I’m dying. He thought as he clawed at his pillow and began to rut against it needing friction. But it wasn’t easing the pain, if anything, it was exacerbating it. John screamed as he felt pain explode in his groin. It felt like something was trying to come out, but it was too large to pass. John stiffened when he heard rapidly approaching footsteps followed by the door being swung open.
"He's gone." Donovan said as John made his way into the building looking for Sherlock.
"You do borrow my laptop." John interjected.
“Enjoy the peace while it lasts, they’ll be back in a few months.” Bill warned.
"The drugs John, they aren't just for sedation. They are experimenting. Those that don't die immediately after their first round of treatments are isolated for about a month during which time they are given a cocktail of drugs leading to a number of changes. There are two types of changes that may occur. Type I codename Alpha or Type II codename Omega. I don't know all of the details, but according to rumor they are trying to engineer a super solider. Type I or Alpha's have the traits that they find desirable including increased stamina, increased strength and muscle mass, high levels testosterone leading to increased aggression and sex drive, and lastly increased acuity of all five senses. In Type II or Omega's quite the opposite effects seem to take place including decreased stamina, strength, and muscle mass, as well as significant drops in testosterone levels, leading to more docile behavior. The only advantage that Omegas seem to gain is increased logic and problem solving ability as well as increased acuity in all five senses, which isn't much use to them as soldiers, Omega's become utterly disposable. Once the treatments start, there is no stopping it. The changes; they have yet to control which subjects become Alpha and Omega."
Sherlock smiled. Mycroft was already getting testy. The fat git was nothing if not predictable. It was time to dangle a carrot. Quid pro quo.
3 months later
"Unfortunately not, John. I was forced to alter your records significantly to avoid suspicion and this is the only way." He had insisted. John and then sighed deeply and reluctantly agreed. In truth, Mycroft could have made the requirement disappear. He could have simply added the certificate of completion to John's altered record. He had chosen not to. He wanted John to be eased back into active duty and this training would help ensure that. John had been a civilian for years and despite his extensive military experience, the change would still prove to be significant.
"You will?" Henry Knight asked unable to mask his surprise. Sherlock nodded quickly showing the man out.
"I don't want to sit down." John replied sternly.
"Enough for a lifetime." John whispered looking a bit haunted for a moment
"Thank you John, but really, it was nothing. Bach is so…pedestrian, ridiculously simple in its technicality. It's something that I normally would never play, but I wanted to do something nice for you, after dealing with Mycroft you deserve a bit of joy and relaxation." Sherlock replied catching John off guard.
"This is bloody lunacy, Molly. Sherlock Holmes isn't going to be found unless he wants to be." Greg insisted as they moved through the market. Molly sighed and could feel herself blush. Guilt seemed to be piling up from all sides. It seemed as though the more she attempted to help, the more people became trapped in her web of deceit. It had started with Mycroft Holmes, then Sherlock, John and now Greg. She would make it right. She only hoped that more people were not hurt in the process.
"I wish I had your faith. I'll keep it on one condition." Greg raised a questioning eyebrow. "If I lose my battle to the darkness. Keep it safe on hallowed ground." Greg nodded. That was a promise that he was willing to make.
Sherlock was a hunter of dark creatures. He knew all the dangers and was very good at what he did. He could have been a great mage like his brother Mycroft, but had instead chosen to hunt without the aid of magic. Mycroft Holmes, Martha shuddered. He was one of the few individuals that terrified her. He was powerful beyond words and ruthless in his pursuits. Luckily, he never practiced black magic, which for someone of his power level was nearly unheard of, especially for a self taught human. He rivaled some of the greatest mages ever known. His skill level led to rumors that the Holmes brother's had Fay blood in them, somewhere on their father's side. Their paternal grandmother had come from Ireland, home of the Aes sidhe. Martha had once asked Sherlock if there was any truth to the stories and he had simply stated in a voice laced with sarcasm that no two parents as dull as theirs could be anything but fully human. Martha hadn't known exactly what to make of that, but it was clear that Sherlock did not care to discuss the matter further. Martha had learned early on not to push the hunter lest she wanted more bullet holes in her wall. She was pulled from her thoughts by the sound of the door opening. Sherlock walked in looking pleased as punch. "Army doctor could be useful, very useful indeed." Martha frowned not sure what Sherlock was going on about.
Even the soul eater, Charles Magnussen, hadn't been safe. It was he that had placed the demonic runes in the church besides the statue. He had done it to pay off Moriarty. Moriarty had wanted to draw the hunter's attention. While Magnussen had upheld his end of the bargain, Moriarty had reneged on his. When Moriarty was unable to capture Holmes, he went after Magnussen in retaliation. Irene could still hear his mocking words intoned with madness. "Sorry, wrong day to die." He had laughed maniacally as he led the soul eater into a trap right into the priest's hands. Gregory Lestrade, who she now knew to be one of the last remaining honor guards, descendants of the knights of templar. The priest had banished the demon, clearly unaware that he was the creature responsible for the suicides in the church. Moriarty was clever. His actions held two purposes. One was purely revenge; the other was using the demon as bait to capture the priest. All roads led to Sherlock Holmes. Moriarty knew that the hunter would track the missing priest. But it hadn't worked out. Lestrade had proven much too powerful and Moriarty had been forced to back down.
"Friend of mine." Sherlock muttered under his breath causing John's frown to return.
"I'm nobody, just an army doctor wounded in Afghanistan." John murmured looking at the ground.
Irene
"Have a seat John." The man insisted. John could sense his magical aura glowing trying to get a read on him. The man was likely wondering why a human was triggering all of his wards. John was careful to keep his face neutral as the winged tattoo on his back glowed and shifted veiling his grace from the powerful mage's sight. Lestrade had tried to read John as well at the church, but had stopped when his ward pulsed in warning, leaving John's secret safe.
"The itsy bitsy spider…" Moran sang softly with eyes that shown with madness. Sherlock Holmes had likened James Moriarty to a spider. Moran felt his rage build as the image of Moriarty's dead body flashed before his eyes. The blood spatter staining the roof of Bart's as Holmes looked on helpless. Holmes had fallen. That should have been the end, an eye for an eye. Two great minds gone for eternity. But Holmes had orchestrated a masterful illusion. So great that it had fooled everyone, even Moran. But as the saying goes, nothing lasts forever and as pieces of the web began to disappear mysteriously, Moran began to suspect a ruse. There was only one man capable of tracking down the untraceable. Sherlock Holmes. Though Moran had lacked concrete proof of life, he knew that Holmes was alive and taking apart the web one piece at a time. Moran wouldn't allow it. He knew that there was one thing that would bring Sherlock Holmes out of the shadows. John Watson.
"Are you flirting?" John asked looking confused. Sherlock raised an eyebrow knowing that she was just playing with him now. It was a game to her.
The handle of his umbrella was craved with enchanted runes and they glowed eerily in the darkness producing not only a powerful warding affect, but also serving as a conduit for casting spells, enchantments as well as curses. The man also wore a small tiepin shaped in the eye of Horus, another powerful warding symbol. John closed his eyes and concentrated on the mage's magical signature, the equivalent to a DNA footprint looking for black magic. Sensing nothing, John breathed a sigh of relief. What was puzzling was how a self-taught human could have gained such a high level of skill without it. John decided to let that go for now. There were more pressing questions at the moment.
"I-I promised Mycroft. There are state secrets." Molly stammered as Sherlock continued to stare at her hopefully.
"He was wearing the Eye of Ra, one of your brother's wards, which Sherlock gifted to him. He also had his service weapon loaded with silver bullets hidden under his jacket at the small of his back." Anthea murmured.
"Aye, no thanks to you." The priest snapped in an irritated voice. "I had a run in with the succubus."
"Not going to miss this place much are you, Captain?" John was pulled from his thoughts by the voice of Bill Murray. John smiled looking up at him with a shake of his head. Bill returned it with a knowing smirk. Bill was tall and lean. He had green eyes and red hair with a smattering of freckles across the bridge of his nose. He looked much younger than he actually was. Bill was one of the recruits that John had mentored and he would miss him when the new assignments came through. Bill was a quick study and had a good head on his shoulders. John was confident that he would excel. He was a bit older than most of the new recruits, having already finished college with a degree in nursing and already had a few years of practice under his belt. Because he was enlisting with a background of civilian medical training, he qualified for officers training and could have chosen to entered as an officer as an RN in a base hospital. But he wanted to be on the battlefield and had chosen instead to become a combat medic, which would put him on the front lines treating soldiers. Stating only, "If I wanted to work in a hospital, I could done it as a civilian."
"Watson! Change up." The command pulled John from his memories and he was thrust back into the present.
“No, no one, not even you, could be that cruel. You wouldn’t hang Sherlock, your only brother, out to dry.” Greg Lestrade insisted. “I want to help.”
"Stop!" Sherlock shouted catching her wrist. She hissed at him angrily. "Do you have a death wish? You saw what just happened."
An unfamiliar voice breaks through before slipping away with the pinch a a needle. “Type I.” Everything fades and he falls even deeper into his mind the corridors look unfamiliar and as he moves deeper a bone deep foreboding overtakes him as he moves down the hall.
"Clients?" John questioned.
Greg's eyes snapped up as a young tall posh looking bloke approached the scene. "Stay back, this is an official investigation and you'll contaminant potential evidence." Greg called. The man looked at him with disdain and the look on his face clearly said that he thought that Greg was an idiot. Great; a pompous, posh git. Greg thought bitterly.
Greg lit a cigarette and took a deep inhale and releasing a plume of smoke before adding in a contemplative tone. "Now that I think about it that soul eater that I banished kept talking about a vampire. He wouldn't say his name. Just kept referring to him as 'the spider' and the succubus, she referred to someone named Jim Moriarty. It makes me wonder if they are one and the same." Sherlock's eyes closed for a moment as he digested the information.
"Afghanistan." John replied looking confused. "How did you know that? You told him about me?" John asked Stamford looking bewildered.
Greg was one of the few priests left that was trained in the ancient ways of the occult. Few knew that the lore was based in truth. There were things not of this world, which were hidden from most, both good and evil; the darkness and the light. They were the things of nightmares and fairytales, which had long ago faded into legend: angels, demons, vampires, zombies, sprites, elves, witches, mages and hunters. Greg's eyes moved to the stain glass windows to the outer buttresses; their ledges were empty. The gargoyles had fled, another bad omen. The sentinels of the church only came to life when something evil slipped in. They only moved at night and with the sun high in the sky and the ledges empty, it was safe to assume that they were gone, never to return. It took something of great power to take down a gargoyle. Greg would need help with this one and he knew just who to call. Sherlock Holmes.
"In his mind, certainly. If you were to ask him, he'd probably say his archenemy. He does love to be dramatic." Mycroft elaborated.
"Please, I never touch the things. How about a nice cuppa instead?" She placated.
(I have sinned)
"The wrist. The radial vein is much smaller than the jugular. It will give you more control over the amount of blood flow. John, I need you to be careful, there is still a risk of exsanguination. You mustn't take too much. When I ask you to stop, you must listen." Sherlock explained looking worried. "Can you do that?" John nodded eagerly. His eyes moved to Sherlock's pale wrist easily spotting the blue vein feeling his eyes pupils dilate in anticipation of finally feeding. John took Sherlock's arm in his hands bringing his left wrist to his mouth and biting down piercing the vein with ease. Sherlock hissed and instinctively attempted to pull away for a moment, but John held tight drinking in deep pulls moaning in pleasure as his hunger was finally satisfied. Sherlock's blood tasted heavenly. "John, stop." Sherlock called. More, He needed more. John left a rush of power mixed with exhilaration. John was so focused on feeding that he failed to notice that his fingernails had lengthened into sharp talons and his eyes had shifted from a mixture of blue and gold to pure amber. "John!" Sherlock shouted giving his hair a yank breaking John's singular focus on his body's hunger and causing him to release Sherlock's wrist. John then licked the wound sloppily causing it to close quickly. He flushed feeling embarrassed at his lack of control, but John sighed in relief as the constant ache in his stomach finally vanished.
Sherlock couldn’t meet John’s eyes because he wasn’t sure what to do about Mycroft at the moment. “We will deal with him later.” Sherlock assured and John merely rolled his eyes in response.
"Who?" Martha questioned growing more confused. Sherlock sighed.
While Mycroft attempted to shut out all emotions, he never quite managed to be successful. It had started with Father. Mycroft could not repress a shudder as he recalled their Father’s hands roaming over him. Mycroft had always been protective of Sherlock and Mycroft vowed that he would not allow his brother to suffer the abuses that Mycroft had.
“John...you promised you would try.” Sherlock insisted.
“Sentiment? Really, Sherlock? You’re just breaking everyone of your tenets.”  John felt his anger begin to melt away and in its place came grief. His grace was nearly gone; he was destined for the bowels of Hell. He was worse than Fallen; there was no name for what he had become. Damned, that was what he was.
"Very well, Dr. Hooper. Let's go. The game is on." Sherlock urged earning another sigh from the priest as he lit a cigarette.
That was how she found herself moving along the bank of the Thames the next day. Molly groaned as she waded along the bank of the Thames looking for the culprit. This wasn't her area of expertise, but she had to try. She needed to confirm her suspicions before she started calling in favors. Molly had built up quite a few. Not among other necromancers, they had shunned her long ago, but she had helped many a Fay and their skills ranged more widely than hers. If she could confirm that it was the Kelpie, which took the children, then she would know whom to call upon for help. Mermaids, Nymphs, or Selkies were all powerful water Fay. Molly closed her eyes and started to conjure, she could often speak to the dead with fully raising them. They often could tell her things that others could not. "I call upon you, lend me your ears." She waited and then heard whispers followed by the sounds of children playing, the distinctive neigh and nickers of a horse, and finally screams and splashes. Kelpie. She had been right. Before Molly knew what was happening, something pulled her hair forcing her head back painfully.
Sherlock had sneered at him with a harsh retort. "I don't have friends! Alone is what I have. Alone protects me." Greg had seethed and replied in a heated voice.
Greg was now questioning his decision to call him in on this case. The succubus frowned at his lack of response to her attempts at seduction. She moved her hand over his groin, but it had no effect. She couldn't arouse him. Once she realized that she wouldn't be getting a meal out of him, she backhanded him hard across the face, splitting his cheek opened with her ring. She hissed as a bit of his blood hit her hand causing her flesh to burn. Her eyes widened and she couldn't hide the fear that flooded them. "What are you?" She murmured as she looked at the burn. Greg couldn't hide his smirk. The wail of the Gargoyles broke the silence. "That's my cue to leave. Don't try to track me. There are ways around your runes and relics, priest." Although she now looked at Greg warily the confidence in her voice was gone. "Just remember me like this, the woman who beat you." She disappeared as quickly as she had come leaving Greg feeling sickened. With her departure, the spell lifted and Greg grabbed his necklace slipping it on and vowing never to take it off again. She would pay for that. He would banish her back to Hell where she belonged, but first he needed to talk to Sherlock. He seemed to be the link in all of this. Greg then grabbed his phone and dialed Sherlock. The man had some major explaining to do.
"James Sholto?" John asked in disbelief.
"Get into the car, Dr. Watson. I would make some sort of threat, but I'm sure your situation is quite clear to you." The voice insisted before hanging up leaving John stunned as a black unmarked car pulled up beside him. John reluctantly got in.
“My sister has run off. She’s only 16, but she’s likely on a bender and God only knows if and when she might be back. Me Da, he died when I was young. He was an only child and his parents died before he did. My Mother’s parents disowned her. I never met them. There’s no one.” The doctor sighed looking sad and even more exhausted.
It had taken much longer than Moran had expected, but all his labor had finally bore fruit. He would have his revenge. He chuckled darkly and continued to sing softly. "Climbed up the water spout…"
“Oh. You mean…Look.” Greg chewed his lip. “I think we were talking about different things. I was thinking about a case. That guy tortured the woman he murdered for fun. And that, no, that can’t ever be justified. I get that you’re talking about like, interrogating terrorists because there’s an imminent bomb threat or whatever. And that’s….”
Greg Lestrade
Greg reached into his nightstand drawer looking for his ward. Before he could slip the relic over his head, the sound of a sultry female voice echoed through the small cell. The demon's eye's turned red and the voice took on a hypnotic tone. Greg felt the demon's power slip over him. "Oh, no you don't. Stay where you are, say nothing and just listen. How's your faith these days, Father?" She asked. "I hear you've been looking for me. Well, it's not me that you should worry about. No, definitely not. Jim Moriarty. He told me all about you. You and Sherlock Holmes. Do you know what he calls you? The Virgin. It is true? How is that vow of celibacy treating you?" She asked as she came closer running her fingers through his hair. "You'll be such as satisfying feed. Your colleagues certainly were. Just think of it; all that pent up lust finally given an outlet. I could have you begging for mercy. Word of warning, sometimes I get a little carried away and take things too far. Just ask your brethren. Oh, wait, you can't. They're all dead. Whoops."
John frowned. "What do you mean?" He asked before thinking better of it.
The homeless network which Sherlock had used on countless cases refused to speak, not that Greg had expected much intel from them, but a bit of cooperation would have been nice. Greg had dug through the comments on John’s old blog posts looking for clues but that had come up empty as well. Molly hadn’t been able to keep the report from him. Greg could always tell when she was hiding something now. Molly had given the only copy to Sherlock but she had given Greg a barebones summary, Mycroft’s report hadn’t been helpful. Bill Murray and Peter Small were MIA as was the the agent with the alias Mary Moristan. But most suspicious of all, was the mysterious disappearance of Mycroft Holmes and his personal assistant. Greg knew that the elder Holmes was often required to travel, but when he was out of the country his assistant Anthea was always reachable. Greg had attempted to contact them through both official and personal channels, even going so far as to show up at Diogenes club and getting himself thrown out onto the curb. Greg stared at his mobile debating long and hard before selecting the contact number. It was Mycroft’s backline. Strictly for emergencies only. Greg shouldn’t even have it, but Sherlock had given it to him in the early days when he was still using in case of an accidental OD. Greg had never once used it. “First time for everything.” Greg muttered under his breath and dialed hoping he wouldn’t live to regret this. Sherlock had warned him to stay off the radar, instead he was sending up smoke signals.
The first time that she informally met Mycroft Holmes, he was a senior agent at SIS. He had worked within both MI5 and MI6 moving effortlessly between the two departments and had developed a flawless reputation. She had been an intern just out of University. She had nearly tripped as she stared at him not paying attention to where she was going. He had been stunning; impeccably dressed with wavy auburn hair and dark blue eyes and though his aquiline nose was a bit severe, it only emphasized his regal presence and air of authority. She knew at that first moment with just one look that she was hopelessly smitten. Try as she might, she never saw him again at Vauxhall. He transferred into a high level position in parliament. Though if one were foolish enough to ask what his job involved, his reply would be simple servant or minor position in the British government, though nothing could be further from the truth. Mycroft Holmes soon became one of the most powerful and influential people in all of Great Britain. There were rumors that he was untouchable, cold, calculating, and ambitious to a fault earning him the nickname iceman. Despite it all, she never forgot him though. She worked her way up at MI6 as an agent developing a number of invaluable skills.
"Nothing!" Molly blurted out, but Greg can tell that is much more than that. Her eyes drifted down and her cheeks flushed with shame. She's a terrible liar.
"I owe you my life. I'll do anything in my power to help you." She replied. Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief. "But tell me, what is that I can do for you that your other contacts can't?"
Mycroft frowned. He was usually not one to second guess his prior decisions, but couldn't help but do so in this case. Captain John H. Watson, MD had just completed his phase 1 basic training. Although he was already a ranking officer, Mycroft had not circumvented the requirement that John attend the training as it had been years since he had been on active duty. The course was required to be completed in order to prove that John's skills and physical condition were still up to par. John had bemoaned the fact that he would be placed in a class designed for new recruits who were just learning skills that John had long ago mastered.
"I thought I was being clever." Mary replied in a cold voice matching Sherlock's tone as she aimed the gun at Sherlock.
"Who are you?" John asked sounding annoyed.
"That's what Greg said. Lost cause, yet the ritual worked. Not fully, but enough to save John's grace." Sherlock retorted. Molly sighed unwilling to argue. They would know soon enough.
“I have never taken your… willingness to overlook my flaws for granted, Detective. I know that some of what I asked of you cannot have been easy. And I promise you I would not have done so if it hadn’t also been necessary.”
"But he's human…how?" She looked at the unassuming man still at a loss as to what made him so special that Sherlock would break a cardinal rule by allowing him access to information that humans were never privy to.
"John and I are on our way. We are not going to leave your side until that succubus has been banished." Sherlock insisted earning a tired sigh from the priest.
"Then I know what I have to do, brother mine." Sherlock whispered cutting the call before Mycroft could utter another word in protest. John, Sherlock needed to know what happened to John, whether he was dead or alive. Kandahar. That would be his starting point. That was all that Mycroft was able to give him, the last known whereabouts of John's SAS training unit. Not much to go on, but Sherlock didn't need much. It was time to start calling in the few favors that he had left. Sherlock dialed and Irene's Adler's voice greeted him.
“Sherlock! Give the man a break. He needs to recover. He nearly died.” Sherlock scoffed and retorted.
Greg Lestrade
"Billy, that is my new flatmate and assistant, Dr. John Watson." Sherlock explained. The boy's eyes narrowed at him and he cocked his head. For a moment, John was reminded of Sherlock while in the midst of deductions. Shrewd, the boy was much too shrewd.
John could sympathize. Civilian medicine could be unbearably dull. John had only lasted a year in private practice right out of medical school, before enlisting with the RAMC. That was part of the reason why he had started picking up shifts at the A&E in between cases in addition to working at the surgery when he come back to London and began living with Sherlock at Baker's Street. Some people thrived on predictability and routines, but John wasn't one of those people, and evidently, neither was Murray.
"Seen a lot of injuries, violent deaths?" Sherlock implied.
When he was very small, Father had explained to him that Mycroft suffered from horrible headaches. That the pain and nausea came close to crippling him at times. Only once did he try opening the door to the room you shared with Mycroft after Father had laid him down for a nap. He can still hear the anger in their father’s voice over your protests that you had only wanted to comfort your big brother. For years, Sherlock had blamed him for driving this wedge between the two of them, for making him feel like he was always underfoot, for locking you out, but seen through the lens of the last week, he feels none of what he felt before.
"What are these?" John asked as he continued to survey the room his eyes landing on he skull on the mantelpiece.
Mike had cleared his throat causing the man to turn towards them. John had stared at his otherworldly grey-green eyes in awe as he had raked his intense gaze over John. There was something about him, something that John couldn't quite put his finger on. He was human, of that John was sure, but there was something that he was missing. "May I borrow your phone?" The man asked in a deep baritone eyeing John then sitting down at the microscope.
“What’s on your mind, Uncle? What has you so worried?” Mycroft asked as fear replaced anger.
Molly Hooper hummed softly as she moved about the morgue at Bart's. She had just finished her final autopsy and sat down at the microscope to look at her histology slides from all of the biopsies done that day. She closed her eyes and could sense death around her. Unlike most, death did not disturb her. It was simply an unavoidable consequence of life. Everything had a beginning and an end. Unconventional attitude, but then almost everything about her was unconventional. Molly always had been considered odd and was shunned by most of her brethren. It didn't bother her. She refused to use her powers for evil and instead used them to help fight it. That was how she had met Sherlock Holmes and Gregory Lestrade. She remembered that day clearly, it would be one that she would never forget.
“What about Mrs. Hudson? Voodoo is considered part of the dark arts. Do you considered her beyond redemption?” Sherlock looked at him with his changeable eyes. “Greg will help us, Molly has offered to assist as well, but you have to believe that not all hope is lost.”
(Who will guard the guardians?)
"I have been reliably informed that I don't have one." Sherlock replied trying desperately to keep the panic out of his voice, but not quite succeeding. Moriarty could sense it just below the surface and felt a thrill at the knowledge that he was the one who caused it.
"I'm not sure about that, Molly, but I will take you up on your offer when can we meet?" Greg asked.
(Deeds, not words)
Ad vitam aeternam
"You're always clever, Mary. I was relying on that. I planted the information for you to find." Sherlock goaded. John. He needed to find John and this woman was the key to finding him. Sherlock held her stare daring her to pull the trigger. He was unsure if she would, she was an assassin and no doubt had her marching orders, what those were remained a mystery. "A façade. Sorry, I could resist a touch of drama. How good a shot are you?" Mary smirked and replied.
"Yes, it often proves to be a more stealthy mode of escape than the main entry. The case wasn't even a two. The fisherman took the skin. A child could have solved it. These priests, very atypical, now this is a nine." Sherlock insisted causing John to stifle a groan into his hand.
"We have a case. We're looking for a succubus. Will you contact me if you come across any information on its whereabouts?" Sherlock asked. The boy nodded warily staring at John. Sherlock glanced in his direction and then quickly reassured the boy. "John knows I'm a hunter, he knows quite a bit in fact, not a goldfish. You can speak freely."
"We did not identify him. We assume that both he and Small were take prisoner." Anthea explained. Mycroft grit his teeth. Afghanistan was becoming more destabilized as ISIS continued to radicalize recruits. Nowhere was safe. Extremist were targeting schools, hospitals, and other highly populated civilian areas. Troops were being spread thinner unable to handle the strain. It was not just combat troops that were affected at this point either; both the RAMC and RCL were being deployed to help the situation, which was quickly reaching crisis levels. It went beyond traditional combat. Ambushes, like the one that Anthea had described, were becoming more frequent. They were losing more troops to attacks, and soldiers, those that were not immediately killed were going missing assumed to be either AWOL or POW's.
"He's Fallen. There was a reason he was cast out. There will be no grace left by the end of it. Do it before he turns fully. It's kinder that way." Greg advised in a pained voice. "I'm sorry, Sherlock."
"He could be the making of my brother or make him worse than ever." Mycroft whispered sounding haunted.
"DI Lestrade, you bloody bastard!" Greg's head whipped around and Molly's snapped up from the table in the morgue where she was currently finishing up an autopsy. Greg stiffened as a blonde woman came charging at him looking ready to kill. "MIA!"
"I think I need someone to guard me from you, my dear." He joked as he moved to loosen his belt and lower his zipper easing the tightness in his pants that his growing erection was causing. Anthea laughed.
"Surely, you're joking." Sherlock retorted sharply. "People laughed at your father too with all of his theories about Baskerville." Sherlock then spat out a flurry of deductions. "Baskerville. Interesting. We'll take the case."
"You must be Dr. Hooper. Don't worry; Detective Lestrade and I aren't screwing. I don't swing that way. You've finally moved on from pining over the late great detective Sherlock Holmes, I see. Took what you could get, did you?" The woman spat with a sneer in Greg's direction. Molly frowned and pressed her lips tightly together and clenching her fists.
"It's finally happened then?" Lestrade probed sounding sad. "Someone's shown you how to care." Sherlock swallowed feeling his chest tighten with guilt. He could deduce what Lestrade must be thinking.
“I will, brother mine. I’ll always be there for you.”
The doctors had spoken to them and while John understood the basics. She had sustained a major head injury, much of the terminology was beyond his understanding. Skull fracture with dangerously high ICP requiring burr holes and a partial craniotomy. Medically induced coma. Post cardiac arrest due to hypovolemic shock. Multiple transfusions and maxed out on pressors. TBI almost certain. Touch and go. Critical and highly unstable.
"John, wait." Mycroft said as he grabbed his arm effectively halting his escape. John turned and met his eyes furiously. He didn't want to wait. He only wanted to end it and as he looked into Mycroft's eyes he realized that the man could likely sense his intentions. "I may not be able to bring Sherlock back, but I can do something else for you." He rushed to explain before John could tell him to fuck off. "I told you at our first meeting that you were not haunted by the war, but that you missed it. What if I could give that back to you?"
Molly moved towards the first priest's body and picked up her scalpel poised to make the distinct Y-incision to begin the autopsy. Just as she started to cut, a familiar baritone filled the air. "What have you found?" Sherlock asked as he came up behind her to peer at the body critically. Molly huffed and put down the scalpel not about to let Sherlock lurk over her shoulder during the autopsy. She turned to glare at him.
"Human Error." Sherlock answered without pausing to think.
The first time he stumbled into it, he had immediately written it off as a glitch and emptied it. It is unusual for a single, unattached memory to sort itself, but not entirely unheard of. Fragments are more common for some sorts of memories than others. When he discovered that it had not disappeared several visits later, he felt a faint stirring of unease. Nothing that he has read mentions entire rooms that appear of their own accord, but there can be no doubt that he did not build the Shadow Room or deliberately place within it that singular, obscured memory that he has never been able to explain.
"Hardly. What did they say? Greg, in particular." Molly needled. Sherlock chuckled causing her to frown. She failed to see the levity in this situation. But then, Sherlock always had possessed a rather macabre sense of humor.
The beautiful man spoke much to her surprise, but rather than answer, he voiced a question. "Why were you looking for the Kelpie? Has it wronged you in some way? What interest do you have in those dead children?"
"Most definitely." Sherlock insisted. "But what was the motive for the vampire? There are easier ways to feed and enslave thralls. You don't need a succubus and soul eater for that. We're missing something. We should have taken the pendant that she was wearing. It might have led us to the vampire."
"Lestrade is already working with us. He called us in on this one." Sherlock told the boy, as he set a teacup down which the boy finished in record time.
"An interested party." Mycroft answered evasively.
“Come here, scent but make it quick.” Sherlock didn’t need to be told twice as he hugged Mycroft and buried his nose in his neck taking in the comforting scent of kin. It was a calming balm to his frayed nerves. He could now pick up subtle notes in his brother’s scent as well as his powerful Alpha pheromones. Their intensity surprised him considering Mycroft was on suppressants. Mycroft took him by surprise again when he returned the gesture burying his nose into Sherlock’s neck and scenting deeply before pulling away. “Go! Now!” Mycroft insisted as his brother bolted from the room headed towards the basement staircase.
Astra inclinant, sed non obligant
Sherlock waited his eyes never leaving the mark as he waited for the tell tale vibration of a text. He glanced down in shock when a reply finally came.
Chapter 8
"What are you planning to do Sherlock? Just go out on your own guns blazing? Alone?" Molly demanded.
"It's this or Cluedo." Sherlock replied causing John to shake his head in denial.
Chapter 10
John breathed a sigh of relief as the scorching heat was diminished with nightfall. He moved towards the barracks unsure of exactly what to expect. Not so much worried as annoyed. How he could have gotten on Sholto's shit list was a mystery to him. He had reenlisted in order to serve in combat and if that wasn't a possibility then John always had other options. He had his military issued weapon on his person at all times. It was like an old friend, always ready and waiting should the need arise. He pushed Bill Murray's plea out of his mind. He would do what needed to be done. "Watson, Attention." John's body responded by rote as his straightened and saluted.
“I don’t have friends.” Too late to explain to John who hadn’t heard the rest of the statement. “I just have one.”
“Are you even looking?” The DI replied unable to stifle a cough.
"Nothing." Mycroft answered. Anthea paused clearing her throat before replying in a soft voice filled with worry.
"Where are they?" Anthea asked looking around. Her hand tightened around the athame blade causing it to pulse with magic. Mycroft's hand tightened around the handle of his umbrella as the runes pulsed softly.
"Sentiment. Sentiment is a chemical defect found in the losing side." The priest then grit his teeth and snapped.
"Somebody loves you." She insisted repeating her claim from earlier but this time she wasn't joking. Her eyes moved purposely from John to Sherlock causing John to shake his head. There wasn't much time. She had to stall.
Greg bit back a groan as he fought to stay conscious. His vision tunneled and he swayed for a moment before feeling a weak pulse around his finger giving him enough strength to stay upright. His eyes moved to the ring on his finger, which glowed softly, it wasn't his, yet it seemed familiar. Greg's eyes moved to Mycroft who still wore and expression distrust and weariness. Greg's gaze moved to the bare ring finger of his hand and it clicked. It was Mycroft's ring. Greg felt a flare of surprise. "Suppose I should thank you," Greg said in a weak voice.
John cleared his throat again briefly meeting her gaze before moving his eyes away.
Martha Hudson
Full Circle
"Pity," she murmured as she pulled the 1cc syringe from between her cleavage and jammed it into the man's jugular. He stiffened and them slumped and quickly lost consciousness allowing her to make an escape. Just as Irene was finished dressing her phone chimed with a text. I have a lead. Meet me in Samara-SH
"Stop! Bill!" John protested standing unsteadily moving towards the man. The man sneered at him and slammed the cell door shut before John could do more. Bill looked at his friend knowing that it would be the last time he would ever see him.
"Billy Wiggins. The changeling?" John asked Greg looking for confirmation of his suspicion.
"Mycroft!" Anthea shouted in a horrified voice as she ran to his brother's side. Sherlock looked on in shock. He still couldn't believe what had just occurred. John had not only shielded himself against Mycroft's powerful magic, but also broken through his brother's powerful wards. Mycroft was alive, Sherlock could feel his magical presence, but he would be down for a while. It had taken an enormous amount of energy to mount that attack and his wards had not been able to stop his own magic from striking him down. It was very luck that John had simply deflected Mycroft's attack sending it back to him. If John had mounted an attack of his own, Mycroft would no doubt be dead. "You! I don't know what you are, what creature you've become, but you'll pay for that. I'll send you to hell where you belong." Anthea threatened pulling out the athame blade tucked into her belt.
“I’ll try, but I think I’m fighting a losing battle.” John replied softly.
"Aye, you met him?" Greg replied looking melancholy.
Chapter 15
"Thank you, my dear." Mycroft murmured as the ring pulsed and glowed softly. Anthea hummed in response before turning to Greg.
"Lestrade, stop!" A deep baritone voice called. Molly looked up and saw most beautiful man that she had ever seen. He was gorgeous with porcelain skin, high cheekbones, full lips, with grey-green eyes and inky curls, tall and lithe. Molly stopped struggling and stared at him unabashedly. "She's telling the truth. I've found the hoof prints."
John, however, could take comfort in the fact that in his most recent 18 months of active military service, he had managed to save more lives and take out more enemy combatants than in all of his previous tours of duty. While he was still occasionally called upon to use his medical skills, medicine was no longer his main focus of his job. He was no longer enlisted with the RAMC. He was now a full combatant, at his own request. He wanted to be on the battlefield fighting alongside his men. He longed to get his hands dirty, and not to be stuck in a field hospital. Though the healer in John was satisfied as he still treated battlefield injuries until help could arrive if there were no other corpsmen available. He accomplished more in these 18 months than he had in all of his previous tours of duty. He had been promoted to the rank of Major within his first six months back on active duty and was due for another promotion to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel after completing his supplementary SAS training which he had been hand selected by Sholto to complete the elite training. It seemed that he wouldn't live to see that promised promotion.
"Well, that went well." John said sarcastically. "We'd better get to Westminster. She's going after Greg next. Sherlock nodded and followed as John moved out of the building and hailed a cab.
"Tink, come to barter?" Sherlock asked with a smug look. The sprite landed on Sherlock's shoulder and murmured into his ear so softly that Martha was unable to make out what it had said.
"I didn't tell him, Lestrade. I give you my word. I would never betray you like that." Sherlock interjected before continuing. "He deduced that I was a hunter after looking at my flat. He's no goldfish."
18 months prior
"That's illegal." John hedged still wondering if Mycroft was bluffing.
Chapter 13
Judica Me
Since childhood, he’s been a poor sleeper. It's in the blood, Mummy said. Sherlock could set his watch by Mycroft's insomnia. After years of sharing a room, he has learned to filter out the sounds of him waking, but on the night of the memory, the creak of the door causes his eyes to open. Not wanting to give himself away, he lies still and watchful in his bed. Light shines in from the hall and in the smudges of darkness he detects the outline of their father, leading Mycroft by the shoulders, as if he’s caught his brother sleepwalking. As the sound of Father’s footsteps fades in a slow decrescendo, Sherlock hears the original source of the echo: Mycroft, crying.
"Yes, this DI Lestrade. I'm returning your call." He said and was interrupted before he could continue.
What would become of them if god forbid...Their father and paternal grandparents were dead and Mum’s parents had disowned her. They had no other relatives. John shuddered at the possibility of becoming a ward of the state. They would be separated if they went into foster care. John looked down at their mother’s battered face and murmured another prayer.
"Sorry, one person at time," John replied looking back down at this paper. "He's next on my list."
Chapter 16
His gaze slid over her quickly before he spoke again. "Pathologist, fitting job for a Necromancer." The man replied in a soft almost apologetic voice.
"Well, thank god you're above all that." John snapped with a huff.
"That bloody bastard! I'll kill him. I'll kill both of them, Sherlock and his brother. If it weren't for them, Johnny would be alive right now." Harriet seethed.
"Someone loves you. I'd avoid those teeth and nose if I had the choice as well. You really are quite something. Beautiful. Otherworldly." She murmured. Sherlock kept his face impassive as her eyes burned brightly. She moved closer fully exposing herself leaning against him.
"All lives end. All hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage." Mycroft murmured softly in a voice that lacked conviction.
"I haven't smoked since John moved in." Sherlock admitted.
Behind the Curtain
"Nice try, but you won't entice me. If I wanted to look at naked women, then I would borrow John's laptop." Sherlock assured her.
"Alone is what I have. Alone protects me." Sherlock whispered.
“Well, maybe you should be.” Greg retorted before thinking better of it.
"Walk, bones still growing and shifting, tender and fragile, muscles stiff. Move; it will help the pain." The man advised. John whimpered unsure if he had heard the man right. Before he was able to ask the man what he meant, he was once again pulled to his feet, but this time the man helped support his weight and John cautiously took a step forward.
"I confiscate it." Sherlock clarified.
Mala Tempora Currunt
"I'm getting tired of talking to the skull." He explained. "He didn't scare easily in the morgue, even with the riding crop. I've got a good feeling about this one."
"The water, John. Drink the water. Greg anointed it with his blood during the ritual." Sherlock urged and breathed a sigh of relief when John did as he requested scooping up the remaining water into his palm and drinking it with a sigh. Sherlock watched warily as John's eyes shifted from gold to blue and the wards across his torso faded away. As John turned to move down the stairs of the alter, Sherlock caught a glimpse of the shimmer white rendition of wings.
"I'm sorry, Madame. I can't give out that information. It is a violation of privacy." The woman on the other line replied.
"I think you're damaged, delusional and believe in a higher power, in this case it's yourself." Sherlock's eyes darkened with emotion and Irene wished that she could take the words back, but she couldn't. So she went on attempting to explain. "The masks that you wear, the ones that you believe hide your pain; they are nothing but a self portrait." Sherlock sighed seeming to accept the words without further comment. Irene struggled to read him. In many ways, it had been easier before the fall. The masks were easy to see through. Now, she stared at the man behind the mirror and he was a complete mystery to her. "How did John Watson do it? Capture your heart?" Sherlock looked at her blankly for a moment before he replied.
“I know you can’t always talk to me about your work. I don’t expect…. But it’s just the way you act, like if you think something needs to be done, then it’s done. Because you’re the authority and your word is final. You never consider that you might be wrong. And sometimes, Mycroft--like that whole fiasco allowing John to re-enlist--you’re bloody wrong!”
Sherlock stalked his mark. He had been working to take apart Moriarty's web. The progress was extremely slow and Sherlock had no accurate estimate regarding the amount of time that it would take him to complete the task. He was still haunted by the horrified look on John's face as he had fallen. He felt his stomach tighten at the thought of causing his friend so much grief, but he couldn't bring himself to regret it. Moriarty had forced his hand. He had threatened those dearest to him and Sherlock couldn't allow John to be hurt. He thought about John a lot since that day. He worried about his friend. He had very limited to contact with Mycroft and what few inquires that he made regarding John were left unanswered. Unfortunately, Sherlock was hardly in the position to do anything about at this point being so deep undercover. Mark his words though; he would make sure that Mycroft paid for his silence regarding John.
“Greg’s in the flat waiting.” Sherlock revealed causing John to groan in disbelief.
"Billy, would you do my a small favor?" Sherlock asked.
"Fall in!" John ordered with a shout above the din. He was the troop leader and as soon as he was sure that he was uninjured and that he could move. He drew his weapon and was poised to attack. There was another explosion somewhere off to his left, the air had yet to clear from the first. Gun fire rained down upon him as the sand kicked up again further obstructing his vision causing everything to once again disappear in a haze of sand and dust.
"You're type II. So am I." Murray ground out in a choked whisper. "I don't have long, I think it starting. Neither will you…if you're type II, you disappear, but not before. Oh God…" He trailed off unable to calm the panic, that was quickly overtaking him as John interjected.
“Something’s wrong.” Sherlock murmured softly under his breath. It’s starting. His mind pushed against the thought. Too soon. He was only thirteen. Mycroft didn’t present until he was sixteen. It was possible but unlikely. He abandoned the violin on the sofa and headed to the study. He couldn’t help the feeling of dread in the pit of his stomach. “Myc!” He shouted as he plowed through the door. “I think-“
Sherlock was silent for a moment weighing her words before he answered. "I have to know." He repeated and continued. "I'll be on a flight tomorrow."
“What about Mycroft?” John challenged as he recalled the powerful mage attempting to kill him after the ritual. It was then Sherlock’s turn to scoff.
The priest grunted in acknowledgement lowering his palm and allowing the water to fall back into the Thames beside them. He then untied the rosary from around her wrists. He shoved her roughly snapping at her. "Go! Get out of here, before I change my mind." Molly turned and looked at him. He was furious and Molly knew she shouldn't press him but she had to know.
"Do you require anything further of me?" She replied.
Mycroft Holmes
Mors Mihi Lucrum
Chapter 17
"It's starting, time to go." The man whispered in Pashto.
John slowly tried to raise himself up, his left shoulder ached in protest. He only made it a few inches before he came to an abrupt halt. He could only raise his wrists a few inches off the ground. They were cuffed and chained to metal stakes in the ground.
“You, my boy.” Rudolph replied looking weary.
“But for a second, my love, and the pain fades away quickly as the bond is consummated. There is nothing quite so wondrous as bond. It balances us in a way that is hard to describe.”
"Your work is impeccable as always." Mycroft assured and he meant it. Anthea is more than just his personal assistant, so very much more.
"Not for me." Mycroft admitted looking smug.
"Meet me at the barracks at 2100." Sholto ordered in sotto voce. "Dismissed." John nodded sharply and moved back to join his troop a bit confused and on edge. He would evidently be learning more in regards to the officer's opinion later tonight, but for now John needed to focus on the task at hand and returned to the drills mindful that of his every move as he was mercilessly scrutinized.
"Have you heard anything regarding the new assignments?" Bill asked lifting an eyebrow. "I wouldn't mind having you as a commanding officer." He admitted with a smile and a wink.
“But sometimes… sometimes it’s necessary to do things that are wrong.” Mycroft insisted.
"I know," Lestrade taunted, "and this is just losing." He took a deep breath and pulled a silver rosary from his cassock. He made the sign of the cross and it pulsed with holy magic as he began to chant. "Libera nos a malo, quaesumus, domine, ab omnibus malis, praeteritis, praesentibus et futuris. Da propitius pacem in diebus nostris: ut ope misericordiae tuae adjuti, et a peccato simus semper liberi, et ab omni perturbatione securi." Deliver us from evil, we beseech thee, O Lord, from all evils, past, present, and to come. Mercifully, grant peace in our days, that through the bounteous help of thy mercy we may always be free of sin and safe from all disquiet.
"My name is Harriet Watson and I have been trying to reach my brother Dr. John Watson and was told that he had re-enlisted with the military and that your office may be able to provide me with a contact number for him." She said. She would start politely and see where that got her first.
Chapter 23
It was then Sherlock's turn to sigh. "I don't know exactly, but there's more to the story than he'll admit. As for the rest of it, it's complicated. Sentiment." Sherlock reluctantly admitted.
"Mycroft's name literally open's doors." John murmured in wonder.
"Yes, this is Harriet Watson. I'm John Watson's sister. There reason I'm calling is I'm in a bit of a bind and have been trying to get a hold of Johnny but haven't had any luck. He mentioned that you were two friends and I was hoping you could help me out. I need to speak to him. Thank you." Harriet hung up the phone no closer to finding her brother than she had been when she first started.
"How do you know? You can't see it. You can't feel it. The darkness, it's eating me alive! I'd rather be dead than become that! I need to know! What am I?" John's aura shimmered and shifted from white to a muted grey. "I'm bloody starving!" John took a few deep breaths and his aura shifted back to white and his eyes lightened once again to their normal sky blue as his eyes met Greg's desperately. "Greg, please. I know what you've done already and the risks that you've taken to try to help, but you didn't ask. You didn't give me a choice. Now, I stuck like this, in limbo, I need to know. It's my soul and my choice, give me the information I need to make it."
"John, do you hear me? Can you understand my words?" Mycroft asked as he pulled Greg's silver rosary from his cassock and held it in front of him like a shield; it glowed softly with holy magic still infused with the priest's light. "Sherlock, did Gregory tell you what to expect if the ritual was successful?" Mycroft asked as his wand pulsed brightly as Mycroft prepared to cast another spell.
“What?” John asked trying desperately to clarify.
It was ironic that he had managed to survive the initial blast and then had avoided being immediately killed by enemy fire and for a moment he wished that he hadn't been so lucky. At least it would have been a swift death. The IED had caught his troops by surprise. They were supposed to have been in a safe zone. Their vehicle had been destroyed by the blast and a good number John's fellow men were killed instantly. Those that had survived were quickly ambushed by enemy fire. John had shot off all of his rounds until he ran out of ammunition. He had always been a crack shot, even in basic training all those years ago; it was a skill that had come naturally to him. John closed his eyes ready to die feeling the scorching desert sun beating down on him. He wet his dry lips and could almost taste the blood in the arid air. He knew that this had been a long time coming. Death, it seemed, which he had been wagering with ever since Sherlock had fallen, had finally found him. He had taken too many risks and it had finally caught up with him. Truthfully, though, John couldn't bring himself to care. He should have died with his best friend. He was surprised that he had managed to survive over a year in a warzone without any sense of self-preservation.
“Can’t.” Mycroft corrected.
The woman seemed to deflate, her anger draining away. "Where were both of you when Johnny needed you?"
No, it hadn’t always been like this. Their kind had been revered. Alpha and Omega bonds had been encouraged and most of the aristocracy had Alpha and Omegas within their bloodlines. Sherlock recalled his mother fondly describe the courting rituals between Alphas and Omegas from introduction to bonding.
“I cannot speak for others, as every presentation is different, but mine...it was horrific.” Sherlock’s eyes widened at his brother’s brutal honesty. “It was terribly painful, but the loss of control, both physically and mentally, was far worse than the pain. Ruts are...” Mycroft trailed off closing his eyes and shaking his head seemingly caught in a bad memory. Sherlock debated whether to press him. Sherlock knew why their Alpha father had kept his distance during Mycroft’s presentation. An Alpha in Rut could drive other Alphas into a temporary feral state, even if the other Alphas were bonded.
Despite his instinctive dislike for the man, however, there were other factors to consider as well. John did pass the test in terms of having turned the bribe down, regardless of his personal motivations in having done so. He also managed to save Sherlock from that ridiculous battle of wits with the taxi driver. Mycroft had never seen Sherlock look as happy as he did that night as he walked off with his new flatmate and, seemingly – astoundingly, rather – friend.
Greg lit the incense and allowed it to spread for a moment letting the familiar scent ground him. He glanced at Sherlock's worried face and his eyes slid back to John's still form. It all came down to this. Greg then took a deep breath and began to chant, the relic around his neck pulsed with holy magic as he began the ritual. "Exaudi nos, Domine sancte, Pater omnipotens, aeterne Deus, et mittere digneris sanctum Angelum tuum de caelis, qui custodiat, foveat, protegat, visitet, atque defendat omnes habitantes in hoc habitaculo. Per Christum Dominum nostrum." Hear us, O holy Lord, almighty Father, everlasting God, and vouchsafe to send thy holy Angel from heaven, to guard, cherish, protect, visit and defend all that are assembled in this place: Through Christ our Lord. The candles in the Cathedral flickered ominously and lightening streaked across the night's sky followed by the roar of thunder. Greg paused and looked at John debating whether he was doing more harm than good. The enchanted wings over his back oscillated rapidly, one moment white, then the next, black, moving back and forth never settling.
Sherlock moved towards the Cathedral's entrance moving his palm over his sore cheek. He knocked as he opened the door. He was greeted by silence. He looked around the darkened church seeing only empty pews. "Hello, I've been attacked. Could someone help me?" He asked. The silence was broken be a moan causing both Sherlock and John to turn around towards the sound. There, standing right in front of them, was their mark. It seemed easy, too easy. It felt like a trap.
"John, fight it. Please." Greg urged in a voice that was barely audible. The priest was pale and barely conscious. It was clear that the ritual had drained him, nearly to the point of death. All for what? John thought bitterly. John took a deep breath and tried to force the hunger back only to have it rise again causing his stomach to cramp painfully. Too much, it was too much to fight. The struggle must have shown on his face causing Greg to call to him gently. "John, come here." Greg beckoned softly, patting the ground gesturing for John to sit beside him. John did as the man asked and approached sitting down beside him causing Mycroft to tighten his grip on his wand. John didn't blame him. John didn't even trust himself as this point. He was teetering on the edge, barely holding on to his control.
"That was…amazing." John whispered still in shock at the depth of Sherlock's talent. It seemed almost contradictory that someone as clinical as Sherlock Holmes was capable of producing something so emotionally stirring. John was not about to say that aloud, however, Sherlock might never play for him again if he made those thoughts known. Sherlock's lips quirked up ever so slightly at the compliment.
"What night?" John probed. Sherlock sighed and shook his head again changing the subject back to the dead priests.
Here We Go Again
The haunting chords of the piano enter his thoughts; minor chords with a bone deep melancholy. Mycroft. Sherlock struggled to remember when he had last heard his brother play. Mycroft's musical talent rivaled his own, but he rarely used it. It was so rare an occurrence that it was easy to forget that it existed at all. His brother's whispered warning entered his thoughts from all those years ago. All lives end, all hearts are broken, caring is not an advantage. For once, Sherlock paused a moment to pounder what had led his brother to first utter them. There was something that he was missing. Sherlock shook his head to clear it. Think! John. Molly's voice replaced Mycroft's. You need to focus! Sherlock couldn't stop his thoughts were spinning out of control. Moriarty's voice mocked him. Your friends will die if you don't. The image of Moriarty's dead body flashed in his mind. Stop he had to make it stop and Sherlock only knew one way to do it. He pulled the case from inside his belstaff and exposed the syringe. It was filled with his seven percent solution. Sherlock pulled up his sleeve and found a vein and slid the needle in depressing the plunger. Everything faded away.
"I'm sorry." Mycroft said softly with a look into Sherlock's tortured gaze. "We'll do it quickly, he won't suffer anymore." Mycroft promised as Anthea pulled the stake and hammer from the rucksack on her back.
"Yes, of course." John confirmed.
John looked down and a flush spread across his cheeks as he looked at the three sleeping figures on the floor. "My fault, it's my fault." Unlike before John's words were filled with emotion and laced with guilt. John once again stood over Greg and Sherlock came closer standing beside him. John knelt down and murmured a phrase in the soft lilting language that Sherlock now knew to be angelic and his hands glowed a brilliant pure white. He touched Greg's relic causing it to pulse brightly and a moment later Greg jolted upright with a startled gasp. "I'm sorry." John whispered, "Forgive me, Father for I have sinned
"Oi, so sorry to hear it, Greg. Were they close friends of yours?" Molly asked. Greg sighed and debated how much to disclose. What the hell? Molly already knew the bulk of it. Go all in.
(If I cannot bend the will of Heaven, I shall move Hell)
"Why would he do that?" John probed refusing to let it go.
Sherlock was going to use himself as bait. While there were many Catholic churches in London, there were only two Catholic Cathedrals. St. George's and Westminster. Lestrade was housed in Westminster. So Sherlock decided to start with St. George. Ironically, it had not been any of Sherlock's contacts that had come through regarding this but his bloody interfering brother. He loathed being in Mycroft's debt, but needs must. Sherlock took a deep breath. There was no time to waste.
Meanwhile in Afghanistan
"What a surprise," John sarcastically muttered under his breath.
“Worst is over, my boy. Here take these. Black market suppressants.” His Uncle handed him the pills while allowing Mycroft to scent him. Powerful instincts to protect flooded his mind. Omega, kin, protect.
“Your eyes can deceive you, Detective.” Mycroft taunted hoping to throw the DI off the trail. Mycroft had enough to worry about with just himself and Anthea going undercover. The last thing he needed was the DI stumbling into trouble.
"Consulting…detective. When the unexplainable happens, the met often gives me a ring." Sherlock replied evasively clearing his throat as John narrowed his eyes in suspicion.
"No," Sherlock replied before changing the subject. "John Watson"
“Please, John. For me?” Sherlock pleaded. John sighed softly in resignation.
"Don't know, but I can say for certain that it was something supernatural. The boy was smart and knew how to cover his tracks. Sherlock will find out. He won't admit it, but he liked the kid. His murder won't go unsolved." Greg assured. "Go track down Sherlock while I make a few calls." John nodded stepping up to the curb and hailing a cab.
“You shouldn’t have done it. None of it.The ritual was madness and it backfired. Rather than cure me, it only went half way.  It nearly killed Greg, who is a bloody honor guard, for God’s sake, what were you all thinking? Now I’m stuck in limbo. I’d be better off dead.” John hissed as his fangs descended with his anger.
“I hate them sometimes.” Sherlock confessed. “They shouldn’t have had children. They saw how the laws were changing; it started before we were born.” Mycroft sighed looking sad and replied.
"I have a good idea where to start, but I'll need your help." She confided. Then it had begun; they had followed a trail of fruitless leads. Even powerful men had little information on the insurgents and where their secrets lie buried. While she had used lust, Sherlock had used deduction, but it seemed as though they were always one step behind and their time was running out. The longer John remained MIA, they more likely it was that they would find him dead, or not at all. Though Irene would never say it to his face, Sherlock was off his game and it was slowing them down. It seemed as though he was right. Love was a serious disadvantage. But they were close now, oh so close. Irene's was pulled from her thoughts by the man's shout as his body stiffened preparing to climax.
"What are you doing here?" The man retorted with a sneer at Mycroft.
"Death waits for us all in Samara, but can Samara be avoided?" Sherlock probed. He took a deep breath and then continued. "Lestrade mentioned a ritual. He told me to bring you, Anthea, and John to Westminster, along with enchanted articles." Sherlock insisted causing both Mycroft and Anthea to blanch in shock.
"There are many." He ground out between harsh breaths. Not good enough. They hadn't come this far for more evasive answers.
When these things are gone, things he has always considered to be integral parts of Mycroft’s character, he struggles to plug the holes in a sinking ship. Sherlock attacks Mycroft for a sweet-tooth that grows greedier by the day, comforted by the false belief that he will never be vulnerable to something as demeaning and stupid as addiction.
"Met your match, eh?" Greg snapped feeling more than a bit unnerved. "Who are you?" Greg asked looking at John Watson with new eyes. There was something different about him that Greg couldn't put his finger on. Greg closed his eyes and concentrated reaching out with his senses but hitting a wall, it wasn't Sherlock's ward, which the doctor wore around his neck that was doing it. No, it was something more powerful and ancient, Greg was about to push harder when the ward around his neck pulsed slightly, an ominous warning to stop. Greg heeded it and stared at the man making it clear that he knew he was hiding something.
"No." She confirmed. John wasn't surprised. Of course, she would know to never give your true name to a stranger.
John sighed and debated how much to disclose. He didn't want to alienate his fellow officers and John knew that his rank and age would garner some sideways glances, so he really could blame the man for asking. "I've held a number of occupations as a civilian before reenlisting. I have served with this regiment during my last two tours in Afghanistan." It was now Jones's turn to raise an eyebrow, but he had the good grace to let the subject drop.
"I'll leave you to it then, dear." Mrs. Hudson said before slipping out the door.
"Been looking for you, Freak." She stated coldly causing John to bristle and stiffen.
"Forgiveness for what? You've led a moral life: defended the crown, healed the sick, and now you're fighting the darkness." Sherlock looked at him truly puzzled. Before John could answer, his phone rang giving him an out. He quickly answered it much to Sherlock's annoyance. Greg's voice greeted him.
"Attention!" He commanded. "For those of you that haven't heard, I am your commanding officer, Major James Shloto. Insubordination will not be tolerated. Now, let's see what you've got. About face, forward march!" He always ran basic drills the first day in order to assess skill levels.
John watched impressed with Greg's skill as he banished the succubus with ease. It was the first time that John had seen the priest use his holy magic. It called to John's grace and he shifted back into the shadows as the tattoo on his back pulsed reacting to Greg's light. Powerful, the priest was much more powerful than John had thought possible. John breathed a sigh of relief when it was over and the holy magic faded allowing his tattoo to settle. "Impressive." John murmured to Greg who looked very satisfied with himself at the moment.
"You know your brother, darling. He does as he pleases. The harder you push, the more he'll refuse." She then murmured into Mycroft's ear. "He uses magic, just not to its full extent, yet he doesn't even realize it. What he doesn't know won't hurt him, though. Stop fretting. Fay blood runs through both of your veins. It's diluted enough for both of you to pass as completely human, but gives you both a bit natural magic." Anthea reminded him. Mycroft frowned deeply at her obviously upset at her mentioning it. It was a topic, which he had forbidden any discussion of, and for once he and Sherlock had agreed. Though there were rumors amongst the Fay, they were never to be confirmed and as far as everyone was concerned Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes were completely human; Sherlock a hunter and Mycroft a powerful, albeit self-taught mage.
Mycroft murmured a spell under his breath allowing his magic to peak. He would need all of his skill to accomplish this. "Sherlock, get out of the way." He ordered. Mycroft could feel the magic building as his wand pulsed; the colors wavering erratically resembling a kaleidoscope. Mycroft took a deep breath and let the magic flow through him. It heated the blood in his veins and buzzed ominously in his ears drowning out everything else, including his brother's protests. Mycroft rarely allowed his natural magic free reign, but this time, he deemed it necessary. He caught a glimpse of Anthea's shocked face, a mix of fear and awe, for not even she had seen him wheeled his full power. Mycroft could feel his brother's magic peaking as well, but it was a pale comparison and was no match for him. Mycroft raised his wand and cast his spell. The magic hit John at full force, but rather than kill him as expected, it ricocheted right back at him, plowing through his wards knocking him unconscious.
Mycroft never touches him again after that, not in anger, not in affection. Not even when he is seventeen and vomiting on the floor of St. Bart's casualty departments after his first overdose. Sherlock’s sobbing and sorry and all he wants is for him to reach out and hold your hand in his, but he doesn’t.
"Oh, really? We'll see about that. You're wanted for questioning in the death of a boy named Billy Wiggins. I'm bringing you in, Freak." Sherlock's eyes narrowed and his jaw tightened in anger.
"Do I even want to know?" Martha asked looking worried.
"Sorry I asked." The priest insisted as Sherlock led them in the direction of the hoof prints.
"He's used my ID to enter Baskerville." Mycroft clarified.
Mary Morstan
“What about Mycroft?” John asked insistently. “He wants nothing more than to see me dead. I don’t want to confront him. I don’t want his blood on my hands and I don’t think you do either.”
“You don’t care about John. I get that, he’s not your blood. But I know you care about Sherlock. I’ve seen it with my own eyes.
“What will I do?” Sherlock asked. If he presented as Alpha, it would be easier in some ways but harder in others. Alphas were able to tolerate long term use of suppressants as long as they cycled off to allow for a rut approximately once a year. But even with suppressants, Alphas became unstable without a bond.
"What's he doing there? That place is more secure than the crown jewels. There is no way that anything supernatural could slip in or out without the facility allowing it; besides you, darling." Anthea said with a wink. Mycroft rolled his eyes at her teasing before answering.
"Yes, Father. I'm well aware. However, does it matter at this point? Is there anything within me worth saving?" Greg swallowed and debated his answer. To gaze into someone's soul was the most invasive thing that one could do to a person. It was also dangerous. Depending on the subject and what lay hidden within them, it could be beautiful or ugly, light or dark or something in between. It could leave the gazer blind and literally drive them insane. Greg could still recall the fate of median who had tried it in desperation when her daughter was killed by a demon. The woman had been left blinded and stark raving mad. Before Greg could answer, Sherlock spoke.
He took a deep breath and then called to John once again. "John, do you understand my words?"
"Oh please! That wasn't even a two. I need another! Something challenging until we get the results of the autopsies for the priests. When's the next one?" Sherlock insisted as he continued to pace restlessly.
"How are you doing this?" John demanded.
"Bill, calm down. You're not making sense. What the hell is going on here?" John asked looking more unsettled by the minute despite his weakened state adrenaline was spiking causing a fight or flight response.
"You know why he's here? He's not paid or anything. He likes it. He gets off on it. The weirder the crime the more he gets off. And you know what? One day showing off won't be enough. One day we'll be standing around a body and Sherlock Holmes will be the one that put it there." She replied confidently.
He picked up the phone debating for moment before dialing the number. It rang a few times before a female voice answered. "Hello, this is Harry." Greg hoped he wouldn't regret this.
"You're very loyal very quickly." Mycroft replied warily.
In one of Sherlock’s more spiteful moments, he even tells him that if he goes on like this, he’ll die of a heart attack just like their father. He can still feel the sting of his knuckles on his cheek. It’s the only time Mycroft has ever struck him.
"Mycroft, this may cross a redline for him. There will likely be no coming back from this if he ever learns the truth. Are you sure you want to risk it?" Mycroft sighed deeply before answering.
"You didn't see it." Greg whispered unable to keep the tremor out of his voice or hide the haunted look in his eyes. Her eyes narrowed and she snapped.
“Doesn’t it hurt?” Sherlock asked and Mummy smiled softly before replying.
It turned out that John Watson was a fighter. He had survived against all odds. The gunshot wound had become infected and John had fallen into a coma after battling septic shock. Miraculously, he had started to rally and slowly improved. The rehab had been hell. A second surgery had been required to try to remove some of the thick scar tissue, which had formed and severely limited his range of motion. Finally after months of treatment he was released on a meager army pension with nowhere to go. John had gone back to London, and rented a small bedsit. He had been applying for jobs, but people were reluctant to hire a surgeon with an intermittent tremor in his dominant hand. He was running low on funds and getting desperate. He nearly called his sister but decided to wait until his funds ran completely out before taking that option.
Mycroft had been surprised when he had dug through John's military records extensively. Though he had a basic picture from his file that he had pulled on Dr. Watson when he first became associated with his brother, it had just scratched the surface. John Watson was much more than just an army doctor wounded in Afghanistan. He had begun his medical training at John King's College London with additional training at St. Bart's. After earning his medical degree and receiving his license to practice medicine, he then began practicing as a civilian physician. He worked in private practice for a little over a year, before he then had joined the Royal Army Medical Corps. After working as an army doctor in the RAMC for a number of years, he completed officer's training at Sandhurst.
"You have any open cases with the Met right now?" Greg asked. Sherlock shook his head. Before he could elaborate further, the woman approached Sherlock looking him straight in the eye. She had dark brown eyes with mocha colored skin and dark curly hair. She sneered at Sherlock not bothering to hide the contempt in her eyes.
"Doesn't look like it." Sally answered still staring at him contemplatively before continuing. "You're not his friend. He doesn't have friends. So who are you?"
(The truth of the Lord endureth forever)
"Water," John pleaded in a voice hoarse with disuse and to his shock an ice chip was placed between his lips. John sucked on it greedily and it dissolved almost immediately. The men sat him up which caused a wave of vertigo to overtake him causing him to retch and vomit up a small amount of the enteral feedings, which had been infusing into the NG tube. John couldn't stop the moan that escaped as his stomach gurgled ominously and the foul smell of feces once again permeated the room. Before John could say anything more, the diaper was replaced with a clean one.
"Close the church until the runes are removed or the suicides will continue. You're lucky your wards held, Father. The longer you're exposed the greater the pull." John warned. "We should go. Track the succubus. It may know something." John then turned and left the church as Greg and Sherlock followed both of them stunned and a bit in awe.
Greg Lestrade looked at the body with a sigh as the CSI crew finished up. They had no leads and Greg was at a loss. This was the second murder in 3 months that they had failed to solve. Greg hated it when they not only failed to make an arrest, but worse had absolutely no suspects. He had a stack of cold cases that had been growing taller every year, some of the cases dating back years before he had joined the force.
(Eternal)
"But we both know that's not quite true. Sherlock, you see but you do not observe. How did you miss it? Well, I suppose it's understandable. I didn't see it at first either. All I thought when I first saw John Watson was he's ordinary on the side of the angels, but not for long." He taunted pulling John in front of him like a human shield. "Fallen. He's fallen and in this case it's not the fall that kills you. Oh, no. It's the landing. And you, John Watson, have landed in quite a bit of trouble. I could enthrall you, but there could be a chance that either that priest of yours or your mage brother may be able to reverse it. Oh no, there will be no coming back from what I intend to do to you." Moriarty promised. He then hissed at Sherlock. "I'll make you kill that which you treasure most." Moriarty then struck biting down on Watson's jugular vein and sucking with all his might. Watson flailed briefly in an attempt to escape, but he quickly slumped down as he fell unconscious from the rapid blood loss.
Sherlock had asked for the reports, but Anthea had given them to her with strict instructions not to pass them on to Sherlock. They held state secrets and were not to be reproduced or shared in anyway either digitally or by hard copy. Molly had made a decision then that she would not break the rules, but go around them. She would not reproduce those reports or give them to Sherlock. She would also not discuss their content in writing or over then phone. She would meet Sherlock in person and tell him what she knew, but she needed to do some research first. The blond woman was mentioned multiple times in the reports; she was the only constant amongst a sea of variables. Greg's voice pulled her out of her thoughts and back to the present.
"Sherlock…you can't just bring anyone here. You know that I only call you for 'special cases.' I'm sorry to have wasted your time doctor, but you'll have to leave now." Greg insisted. The doctor then tilted his head and narrowed his eyes as his gaze swept over Greg from head to toe.
"I'm Molly Hooper, you can count me in." Molly said after a moment of consideration. Sherlock smiled looking victorious.
Rather than soothe him, as he was sure Mycroft had intended to do, the words only served to increase his guilt. Too late; he should have said something sooner. Sherlock cared about him, but John would never have a chance to find out just how deeply Sherlock's feelings for him went. "I…you can't give me what I want…no one can…It's too late…He's gone. " He choked up and felt the tears that had been threatening to appear slide down his cheeks. He wiped them away quickly. He didn't want Mycroft to see him like this. John wanted nothing more than to go back to Baker's Street and end it all. No more pain, sorrow, regret or guilt. "I have to go." He said as he moved past Mycroft slowly. His leg has been giving him trouble since Sherlock's death and he has been forced to use his cane again.
“Bill?” John whispered carefully creeping closer to the mans still form. John’s breath quickened and his heart raced as he took in the man’s appearance. The inky curls were tangled and matted with grime. The high cheek bones were smudged with dirt and the Cupid-bow lips were cracked and bleeding and even with the eyes closed that face was unmistakable. The face that had haunted John’s dreams ever since the fall. Sherlock? No, it couldn’t be; he was dead. John had seen it with his own eyes.
"Greg!" Sherlock shouted in panic as he watched the priest crumple and fall. He lunged in the man's direction but was stopped by Mycroft's iron grip. Sherlock met his eyes and could not repress the shudder that ran through him as his brother's eyes glowed eerily infused with magic. It was one of the few times that Sherlock had seen the full extent of his brother's power on display.
Mycroft then handed Anthea his wand and whispered softly. "Hold the spells," before approaching Lestrade's unconscious form.
"Gregory…you have two choices. You can forget everything that you just saw and live in ignorance as the majority of people do or you can learn the truth, but to know the truth I need something from you." Greg swallowed around the lump in his throat before answering.
"Gone." Greg answered. It was all the information that he was willing to offer her. Once Mycroft awoke, he would know doubt pour all his skill and resources into tracking John and Sherlock.
"You're about to find out." She promised before pulling the trigger. Sherlock sucked in a breath as pain exploded. His last coherent thought was of John.
He then inhaled deeply as the man lit a cigarette.
"I told you he was the British Government." Sherlock replied with a grin and a wink.
Greg had felt hurt and angry. No gratitude. Not even a thank you, only prideful anger at having missed something about Greg's past. "That was me saving your arse! Why didn't you come to me? I could have helped. That's what friends do!" Greg had shouted.
"Look, Greg I'll ask him, yeah. I can't promise that he'll listen but I will ask." John promised.
“Sometimes a deception is so audacious, so outrageous that you can’t see it even when it’s staring you in the face.” John looked at Sherlock willing him to explain.
"I don't think John knows quite where to look." Sherlock said bringing her attention back to him and away from John. She came closer and examined his face.
“You’re Alpha.” His uncle stated.
John spared a look in Anthea's direction before speaking. "Wake!"
It was after the 7/7 bombing's, which left 52 dead and hundreds more injured that their paths crossed again. Anthea had been the lead agent on the counterterrorism unit set up after the incident. They had taken in a number of suspects but were still looking for other encompasses. As she was looking over one of the many crime scenes in central London looking at the remains of the bomb that was used, he had appeared taking her completely by surprise. "Four total consisting of homemade organic peroxide-based devices in backpacks." The posh accent screamed public school and Anthea had been ready to tell the onlooker off, but when she turned around the words died in her throat. It had been years since she had seen him in person, but he still made her heart race. Mycroft Holmes stood before her. "Elizabeth Anthea Coulter, I'm familiar with your work." His appearance had been flawless, as always. He was perfectly put together in a bespoke suit, designer shoes and carried a custom umbrella. Anthea nodded stiffly still at a loss for words as her heart continued to race. Before she could respond, his attention was stolen by the frantic voice of a dark haired Sergeant in hot pursuit of a tall, dark haired man with mop of riotous curls and silver eyes heading right towards them.
Moving up the Ranks
Sherlock
John remembered the funeral service vaguely. It had been a dreary day, overcast and damp, almost appropriately somber. John had stayed after all of the mourners had left and though he couldn't recall every word that he had spoken at Sherlock's grave, he did remember asking him for one more miracle. "Please, don't be dead." He had begged. Someone had then cleared their throat loudly and John had stiffened as he realized that he must have been overheard. He had turned to find Mycroft Holmes standing behind him, looking cool and collected, perfectly put together as always. John felt his anger build. He knew that Sherlock and Mycroft had a difficult relationship, though he didn't know their back-story and now likely never would, but they were still brothers, nonetheless. His brother was dead and there was no trace of emotion in the man. No pain, no regret, not even anger, nothing. Cold as ice. Irene Adeler's voice echoed in his memory. Iceman. The description fit him like a glove.
Through the Looking Glass
"I can't." Sherlock admitted his chest tightened at the admission realizing how far he has fallen.
"No, not yet" John answered. "Capt. John Watson. Good to meet you." He said and shook hands slightly warily keeping an eye on the dog as the dog sniffed his hand when he pulled away.
"Does he know, Sherlock, that John is MIA?" Greg asked dreading the answer. Mycroft sighed.
"Seen your share of trouble?" Sherlock questioned.
Harry racked her brain trying to think of anyone who might be able to contact Johnny. Mike Stamford came to mind, but she dismissed him. As Johnny hadn't seen much of him since his locum work at the A&E had trickled to a minimum after moving in with Sherlock. Sarah Sawyer, was another acquaintance but Harry wrote her off as well. That relationship had ended in disaster and Johnny had quit his job at the surgery shortly after. Martha Hudson, the landlady. She was a possibility. She might have a forwarding address, but whether she would give it to Harry was another story. Molly Hooper, the ME at St. Bart's. But she had always been closer to Sherlock than Johnny and Harry couldn't be sure that she and Johnny had even stayed in contact. DI Lestrade. He would be her best chance. Johnny had mentioned how they were friendly and would occasionally go out together at the pub. If there were someone who could point her in the right direction, it would be him.
