of the lube cap opening up sounds behind him, and Dean immediately shivers. Fucking him through a fourth orgasm is going to feel like
It hurts, but it doesn’t. Feels good, but it doesn’t. Each thrust is like the gong of a church bell nestled in Dean’s groin, sending harsh waves of pleasure-pain through his body. His grip on the sheets slackens and he slides down to his forearms, mouth open as his body rocks in time with Castiel’s thrusts.
Dean shifts a little. “I mean… well, no, not the scars or the moles. The joints suck, but they’re not… they aren’t ugly.”
,” Dean slurs. He’d be surprised if Cas understood any of that, but thankfully, he does. Dean lets Cas gently manhandle him upright, and before he can so much as blink, a glass of water appears in Dean’s hand. He drinks it gratefully as Cas rubs Dean’s shoulders and presses a kiss to his temple.
. It makes Castiel’s body sing with animalistic want, and the groan that follows Dean’s harsh treatment is only one of encouragement.
“I’m going to fuck you now,” Cas says gently. Dean can hear the eagerness in his calm voice. Cas pauses. Waits for Dean to indicate he needs to stop. But when Dean groans for Cas to
him as soon as Dean is ready to take him. His want is clear, the lust and unfiltered adoration of Castiel, his perfect creation, reflecting in his gaze each time they lock eyes when they’re alone.
Castiel leans over and presses a kiss to the top of Dean’s head. “Dean,” he murmurs into Dean’s hair. “You are beautiful.”
To a casual observer, they might be fighting. The past Dean has his future self pinned to the couch by the jaw, and the minute Castiel’s Dean tries to strike the other across the jaw, he gets that wrist pinned to the couch, too. Neither of them are trying to make this stop—they’re just trying to get the upper hand on one another. They growl out profanities as the past Dean begins to grind against him and Castiel’s breath catches in his throat. What’s really hot is that his Dean—the Dean of the end of the world, the interrogator, the fearless leader—is submitting to the other, little by little, with soft moans and an increasingly pliant body.
Dean glares at him in the mirror. “Fine,” he snaps. “But I also never had a full-on keg either.” He shoves his shirt down in disgust.
“Down. Now.” Castiel tilts his head, regarding Dean. “Unless you need to be tied down? It wouldn’t fit with my purposes, but I can make it work.”
“Okay,” he says, and kisses the base of Dean’s spine. With a hum, he plunges his tongue back in, swirling his tongue and sucking at the rim with a ferocity that makes Dean bite down on his fist to keep from crying out. Sweat trickles down his temples, his eyes bulging in their sockets as his body chases the sensation of Cas’s hand around his dick while also trying to shy away from it.
At the suggestion, Dean had told Cas to shove a spoon up his ass. “That’s unsanitary,” Castiel called to a shutting door. Whatever.
With an unsteady hand, Castiel reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out a bottle of lube, slicking up his fingers. The future Dean glances behind his shoulder, his face flushed, as he eyes the sight of the bottle in Castiel’s hand. Castiel tosses it to him and Dean nabs it out of the hair, rolling his eyes at Castiel’s smug grin as he begins to slick up his cock. Castiel does the same and
“Do you mind?!” he growls. Castiel’s eyes blow wide. He’s pretty sure each and every one of his fantasies just came true.
Castiel leans back in his chair, a lazy smile stretching across his face. With extremely limited to no internet left in the world, streaming porn isn’t really an option. Even if it was, Castiel is sure that, after today,
Dean wrenches around immediately, staring up at Castiel with horror. “Of course not,” he says urgently. “When did I ever -”
In answer, Dean reaches up and messes up Cas’s hair before falling against his shoulder with a content sigh.
could possibly compare to watching this. It’s hot as hell and almost funny in the way that neither Dean seems fully willing to accept that the other is so easily turned on by himself.
Manhandling Castiel onto his stomach, he slicks up his cock with Castiel’s blood and pushes himself inside without prep. The burn hurts, shooting pangs of pain up through Castiel’s limbs, but the pain feels
“I’ll say this about Chuck,” Dean says, sounding not a little bitter, “at least when we were under his absolute control, I never had to work for a six-pack.”
He snaps his hips. The groan that comes after tells Castiel that he came, and that’s what pushes Castiel over the edge. He pumps his fist hard, coming all across his hand with a sigh as his Dean bites down on his fist to keep back the groan when the other wrestles him onto his back. The past Dean takes Dean’s cock into his mouth and begins to suck. As Castiel’s Dean bucks his hips, fucking the other’s mouth, he’s quick to spill with a high noise that Castiel would absolutely jerk off to again and again in the future. Come dribbles down Dean’s chin, and Castiel stares in awe at the sight.
But Castiel does not need to finish his sentence. Dean has him by the hair, hoisted up by the legs and on his back against blood-stained sheets before Castiel can so much as take a breath. The knife finds his clothes, ripping into them until they’re nothing but shreds dangling from Castiel’s form.
There’d be time to unpack that later. Dean begins to finger the other, wrestling him all-too-easily onto his stomach as the other gets up on his hands and knees. The moans are beautiful—Castiel tries to slow his own strokes so as not to come too soon, but the minute Dean spreads the other’s cheeks and guides himself inside, Castiel is gone. He furiously pumps his fist over his cock in hard strokes as Dean begins to fuck himself into the couch, reaching over to jack the other Dean’s cock with furious, uncoordinated strokes. None of them say a word, and save for the grunts and moans and quiet curses, nobody makes a sound until the Dean on top begins to get
“Yes,” Castiel says mildly. “They are very shapely. The very Platonic ideal of what human ears should be.” He leans down to nip at the one Dean isn’t resting his head on. “You would have looked good in an earring or two.”
“You should know,” Dean murmurs lazily, trailing a finger up Castiel’s thigh, “there are a thousand ways to hurt someone, sweetheart. I’d know, wouldn’t I?”
Dean nods his compliance, eyes fluttering shut. Castiel surges forward, capturing his lips as his hands roam all over Dean’s belly and around to his sides. Really, he hasn’t even put on that much weight, but Dean is extremely vain about the most surprising things. Castiel touches him all over, not shying away from his stomach rolls or muffin top or the beginnings of what Dean derisively calls “man-boobs.” Castiel lays Dean back down and kisses his way over every inch.
“Nor is your body going through shifts in fat distribution and storage,” Castiel tells him firmly. “You’re getting older, Dean Winchester, and that is a
a sexual attraction to tentacles and any entity, imagined or otherwise, that might sport them for sexual activity.
Nothing blows off some steam like a good, old-fashioned hatefuck at the end of the world when a bunch of Crotes are ready to chew your face off at any given time. At least that’s what Castiel had told Dean—
Castiel looks up from where he’s tidying the bed. Dean stands on his tiptoes so that he can look at his stomach in the little mirror over the sink, shirt rucked up to his armpits. The look on his face is dark, annoyed. Castiel frowns, straightening up.
depriving a person, usually a submissive, of one or more of their senses, such as sight and hearing.
Castiel nips his side. “What are you, Dean?” he asks again. He sucks at Dean’s happy trail, tongue dipping slightly into his belly button.
Finally, they wrestle out of their underwear. Castiel has seen Dean completely naked a handful of times (Dean practically lives in Castiel’s cabin) but not like this; not completely spread out, silently begging to be filled by himself, no less. Castiel wonders if he’s ever fingered himself open before, and the thought draws a quiet moan from deep in his throat. He unbuttons his pants without taking them off, pulls his dick out from the flap of his boxers, and
thing.” It would be downright miraculous if such a word could apply here. It doesn’t, so he doesn’t say it. “Your age is something you should wear proudly.” He wonders if Dean has noticed the grey creeping into his hair yet, or if his natural color is light enough they still blend in. Best not to mention them.
In Dean’s throne room, he takes the master by the throat with a wicked grin, slamming him back against the wall with a laugh low in his throat the minute that Dean steps through the door. “Hurt me,” he says simply. Dean doesn’t say a word. He watches Castiel, instead. Waiting to see what he would do next.
Dean is making out with himself—literally. The two of them are kneeling on the couch, growling into one another’s mouths and fisting each other’s shirts like they can’t decide if they want to pull them off of one another or not. His Dean—the Dean from now—looks up at him without breaking the furious kiss the past Dean is whimpering into.
“I’d like to,” Castiel admits. “Touching you and looking at your beautiful body has made me really hard, and I really would like to fuck you to show just how beautiful I find you to be.” Dean shivered at his words; Castiel would never tire of the effect his swearing had on Dean. “Will you let me? Can I have your beautiful body all for myself? To do with whatever I want?”
“Turn over,” Castiel says. Dean hesitates only for a fraction of a minute. When he’s on his back, Castiel silently urges him into a sitting position so he can strip Dean’s shirt off. Sitting like this, his stomach is pooched out a little more than it would be in a different position. Castiel smiles and doubles over so that he can press tiny kisses over every inch that he can reach.
If he’s allowed to watch, then surely neither of them will mind if he begins to touch himself. Just a little bit. He begins palming his crotch through his pants while the past Dean begins to jerk the other’s pants off, discarding them quickly to the floor.
But aspiring to rule hell isn’t all pain and blood—it’s pleasure, too. So much pleasure, Castiel just might drown beneath the blood of it all. Ruling by Dean’s side means he gets to
Dean snorts into the arm that is propping his head up. “Look, man, I know you’re still getting used to the whole humanity thing - I mean c’mon, it’s been over a decade, you should get it by now. But nobody finds a muffin top attractive.”
Castiel swings a leg over Dean’s prone form so that he’s straddling Dean’s hips. He kisses his way down the back of his head to the nape of his neck. A shiver runs noticeably down Dean’s spine, which makes Castiel smile. “You. Are. Beautiful.” His hands run over the planes of Dean’s back. He doesn’t go under Dean’s shirt, not yet. He simply massages the muscles through the material, digging in where Dean is especially tense. He continues to rain kisses down on Dean’s neck and shoulders as he does. “Your hair is beautiful. Your eyes are beautiful. Your ears are beautiful.”
It doesn’t take Dean long to come at all. Castiel whimpers when the flood of come rushes inside him, dripping down his bruised and bleeding body as a lazy smile stretches across his face. Dean turns him onto his back, eyes raking down the length of Castiel’s neglected cock, fully hard and leaking at the tip.
Dean is panting now, eyes starting to glaze with lust. Castiel licks his lips and rocks his hips downwards, demonstrating for Dean just how hard he is for him. “You’re beautiful,” Castiel grunts with a poignant thrust. “You’re sexy. You get me ‘hot and bothered.’”
“That should take the stick out of your ass,” Castiel sighs in content, wiping his hand off on his ripped jeans. “Now, about that bottle of Jack…”
When Castiel, the only angel to ever break on the rack of hell, willfully joined his side and allowed Dean to burn away the last of his angelic grace, he took a share of Dean’s power in the pit. All the souls on the rack are Dean’s—but the rack itself is Castiel’s.
Castiel wouldn’t. He shivers as Dean draws the blade of the knife down his throat, leaving a line of blood trailing behind it. Dean licks the blade clean slowly, making sure Castiel sees every twitch of his tongue that
“Then go fuck yourself,” Castiel suggested, lighting a blunt between his fingers. “Literally. Doesn’t count as another man if it’s yourself, right? He’ll probably be into it if I know you at all. And I do.”
“It would have,” Castiel agrees solemnly. “But I for one think there is nothing bad about your ass.”
Dean shivers and tries to thrust up into Castiel, who moves away to prevent him from getting any friction. “I’m...beautiful,” Dean whispers. “To you,” he adds hastily.
“You haven’t,” Castiel reassures him. He urges Dean to lie back down, but the tenseness doesn’t leave him this time. His muscles quiver under Castiel’s hand. Ready to jump up or bolt. Castiel ignores the tension, simply goes back to petting him. “I just wanted to make sure. You sounded so disgusted with your body a few minutes ago.”
Dean doesn’t know what it is about the way Cas says it, his voice low and thick with lust yet still so sincere; maybe it’s the fact that Dean’s sensitivity is turning Cas on, maybe it’s the way he can practically
Castiel collapses on top of Dean, knowing Dean will appreciate the feeling of his weight after such an emotionally intense session. They’ll have to clean up soon, but for now, Castiel wants to just lie here and repeat words of appreciation into Dean’s neck until he’s sure Dean might almost believe them.
Castiel pulls Dean in close and presses a kiss to his forehead. “I love you here.” One eyelid, then the other. “Here and here.” Nose. “Here.” Lips, lingering, taking his time. Sucking the lower one into his mouth, giving it a sharp nip. Pulling away just slightly to breathe, “Here,” before drawing him in again.
,” Castiel croons. He means every word, his voice dripping with all the love and violence he’s able to give. “Now...take what’s yours. I belong to
Dean tilts his head back, losing himself in the sensations. Castiel can’t help but lean into his neck and bite down, hard. Dean yells out and thrusts wildly into his own hand, sliding deliciously against Castiel’s hard cock.
“Sure, buddy,” Dean says, voice deceptively light. Patronizing. “I mean, I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder and all that.”
“Dean?” Castiel murmurs when he withdraws his tongue. Dean knows to use his words when he truly can’t take anymore, but Dean shakes his head. He’s had three orgasms in under thirty minutes and isn’t willing to give up the possibility of a fourth no matter how much his body tries to convince him otherwise.
Castiel frowns. It’s not quite right, but they’ll get there. “Good boy,” he says, pulling back. Dean whines a protest, but Castiel quickly strips his clothes off, as well as pulling down Dean’s jeans and boxers. He gets between Dean’s legs, stretches out to cover his body. He rubs against Dean, slowly and lazily, as he mouths at his neck. Dean’s hands come up to grab at Castiel’s waist as their pace increases.
And Dean does. He bites the back of Castiel’s neck without mercy, sinking sharp teeth into the skin as Castiel moans his name. His fingers tighten through the sheets, his breath heaving out in harsh gasps as Dean thrusts into him without mercy.
. Dean has never taken from Castiel what the former angel has not given willingly—and his consent to be
On his hands and knees, Dean threads his fingers desperately through the bedsheets, eyes bulging straight out of his skull before he manages to close them again. His mouth hangs open, his chin slick with saliva and sweat as he bows his head. Dean’s entire body
” Dean hisses against his ear. Pleased, Castiel nods. All of Dean’s hesitation is gone, leaving pure, animalistic want in its place. He’d spent too long contemplating when to claim Castiel as his own in full, and Castiel knows that demanding that Dean
don’t I? Prove it.” Castiel grabs Dean’s wrist—the only being in hell who would dare touch Dean in such a way—and shoves a knife into his hand. “I am not so fragile. Not anymore. If you really are a master as you say…”
Castiel presses kisses to Dean’s shoulder blades and down his spine, through his t-shirt. He keeps up a steady litany of praise and worship as he goes. When he reaches the hem of Dean’s shirt, he pushes it up slightly; Dean immediately tenses.
“Huh.” Dean thinks this over as Castiel continues his way down. “I wanted one when I was a kid. Thought it’d look badass.”
“Was that good?” Cas asks. There’s a hint of smugness in his voice that garners a weak laugh out of Dean.
Castiel backs off, but only slightly. “Your body bears the signs of a life lived in the service of others. Do you get so upset about your scars and moles and achy joints?”
Satisfied and spent, neither of the Deans look in Castiel’s direction as they grab their clothes, clearly embarrassed.
Dean obediently - gratefully - rolls over. Castiel climbs up onto the bed, kneeling next to him. He puts a soothing hand on Dean’s back, drawing it along his spine. Dean slowly relaxes under his soft attention. “Good,” Castiel murmurs. “Dean, tell me: do you find me unattractive?”
Unable to open his eyes, Dean pressed their foreheads together and caught his breath before whispering.
Dean had stepped out on to the beach before he saw him, walking up to the top of the tallest mound. He stopped for a minute and caught his breath.
“Of course, Dean”. Cas raised his hand to Dean’s face, caressing his cheek. “I know it took a lot for us to happen. I love you for winning that fight. Let’s get snow cones, and then figure this out later”.
Cas took Dean’s face in his hands once again, reverently. “Yes. Yes, I like that idea very much. Yes please”.
All his life Dean had heard stupid romantic stories about first kisses. Kisses which rendered the participants speechless, or weak-kneed, or soft in the head. He had always found those stories to be unrealistic, made of saccharine Hollywood lies. A kiss was just a kiss, right? Upon reflection, he thought how wrong he had been. No one in the history of the world had been kissed like he was that first time by his angel.
“See that road, coming up there from the beach? Through those trees? Can you see there’s a clearing there? On that second hill back from the car-park. There’s a place for you. A house. A cabin, really. It’s not much, but it’s warm and sunny, and there’s room for guests. Its your house Dean, if you want it. And that beach-side bar? Its yours. I thought we could tidy it up a bit, serve some people some drinks, maybe cook a burger or two…”.
Cas gently returned her to the ground and untangled himself from her arms as Sam gave an affectionate shoulder squeeze to his brother-in-law.
“I’m sorry sunshine, I couldn’t resist.” He was more impressed with his joke than his audience, who rolled their eyes at each other.
“Look Kyle, he’s married. Maybe he’ll have the pleasure of watching all his stuff get destroyed by his own children one day”.
Putting on his most heterosexual voice, Cas called from the back of the car. “I’m getting coffee. Do you want something to eat?”
Dean responded with a sly smile. Like a sneeze, the phrase resonated throughout his entire being, into every cell. Upon reflection, he thought he did a damn good job of containing the thrill generated by those two little words.
A few moments of idle chatter later, Cas’ eye was caught by a classic 1932 Ford Roadster, painted with flames, its cartoon eye-like headlights catching the sun. Eileen grabbed his shoulder as they approached the car, her breath catching in her throat as she did.
“Dean, I’m an angel, remember? I’m a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent. Well, I was. Now I’m just me, but still. I don’t get a house. I have a job to do here, but Jack thought that I could just stay with you. I think he was playing matchmaker”.
Cas took his hands out of his pockets. They hung by his side but without a trace of the awkwardness that characterised his time on Earth. The movement caused the muscles below his neck to flex, momentarily distracting Dean from drowning in his eyes.
He didn’t have a moment to collect himself, however, before he heard the voice he had longed to hear again. The voice which last time he had heard, had stripped him down to his bones with its confession of utter adoration and devotion. That voice which still gave him chills as it resonated all the way to his toes.
“So I’m there in my house one night, middle of November, about to go to bed, and there’s this frantic knocking on the door. It’s gotta be after 11, so of course I think something’s gone wrong. I open the door, and standing there in a t-shirt and shorts, is my grandson. 14 years old, half frozen, with a black eye and a bleedin’ nose.”
“No, I know.” Cas raised his hands in a gentle gesture of surrender. “Today was interesting, and risky. I don’t think we should do that again. But do you understand what I mean?”
All the levity from the earlier conversation vanished as the Winchesters watched Daryl. The guilt and shame on his face was salient, destroying his tough-guy appearance. The old man’s tobacco-and-time-browned hand covered his eyes as he pressed his temples with thumb and middle finger, sighing deeply.
A generous smile crossed Cas’ face. “Of course. But I think today, we might have changed a tiny little corner of it.”
Despite the heat, the crowd increased by the minute. Dean had only a few moments to collect his thoughts and text Sam their precise location before his peace was interrupted by a young family.
Cas and Dean caught each other’s eyes, unsure of what to say. They were spared the decision, however, as Daryl elaborated.
He stood behind Cas, off to his left so he could see half the angel’s face. It appeared calm and relatively expressionless.
Looking back on it later, Cas would have sworn he heard the actual machinery in the man’s brain firing up as he realised what was being said.
A moment of awkward silence was interrupted by the arrival of Cas, bearing coffees in one hand, a box of pie in the other, and an open smile on his face. As he handed Dean his coffee, his own ring glinted in the sunlight. The woman glanced at Cas’ hand, taking in the distinctive line around it. The good-natured smile on her face fell as the internal workings of her mind put two and two together, and came up with some good old fashioned bigotry.
“They’re married! To each other, Kyle. They’re homosexuals! I can’t believe they tolerate this sort of thing at a family event” Her voice betrayed her attempts to quell her increasing hysteria as she flustered her children away.
“Yes, the Biblical argument. The same Bible that offers advice on how to treat your slaves, that advocates the selling of one’s daughter into slavery, that insists that the appropriate penance for raping a woman is to marry her. Shall I go on? The same Bible that dictates a man should be put to death for working on the Sabbath, that prohibits the consumption of shellfish and the planting of different crops side by side. That Bible? Hardly a source of moral authority, don’t you think?”
“Well ain’t you two the sweetest thing. I think I’ve got a cavity now!” he continued talking as he ambled over to the back of his car.
“And then there’s the kitchen counter, and the shower, and a lovely outdoor furniture setting on the deck…”.
“I see you’re making a joke at my expense, Dean. Hilarious. You’ll be getting your own coffee this afternoon”.
Whether it was the unexpected physical contact or the insult directed at him, it was Cas’s turn to let out a little gasp. He cocked his head to one side in the way only he could. Dean melted a little as he took a deep breath.
“Well Dean, I’m glad to report this story has a happy ending. My grandson Johnny is now 21, earning straight A’s in college, and is my pride and joy. Seeing him that night made me seriously have to rethink my ways. He lived with me ever since, I actually adopted him”. The smile on Daryl’s face spread to the other two.
“So… where is he? Is he still helping, or…” The sentence trailed off, but Bobby knew. The old bastard always knew. That was one of a million things the brothers had loved about him. Rough as guts on the outside, but on the inside beat the fierce, loving heart of a father who knew his boys’ hearts and loved them beyond comprehension. He was ten times the father John was, and they all knew it.
“But then I told you how I felt and you told me you felt the same way and I—I used to stay up all night, for the first couple of weeks. I used to stay up all night, lying there with you in my arms, just looking at you. Because I couldn’t believe I could have you—have you at all, let alone like that. I thought that was all I could ever want. But maybe… maybe being human and having these new feelings and emotions is something I wasn’t fully prepared for… Because now I want more. I want to be yours, fully and completely. And I want the same from you,” Cas sniffles, and Dean finally looks back at him and realizes, the man that he loves more than anything in the world has been softly crying the entire time.
In an instant, Dean was shielding Cas with himself one hand guarding Cas, the other wielding the Angel blade that was tucked in his belt.
“I feel as though you expect me to answer ‘Stairway to Heaven’, solely for the irony of it all,” he replied, with a smirk on his face.
Cas laughs heartily. Sam doesn’t get to see Cas like this often, but whenever he does; he understands why Dean would’ve burnt the world for him.
want to,” Cas says easily and Claire can hear the affection over the poor connection of the call so clearly, it scares her a bit. She sometimes wonders how her Dad would have talked to her now, but then she hears Cas say such things and think she might never have to wonder at all. And again she doesn't want to deal with this (absolutely not new) revelation, so she focuses on his words, “But I know it’s hard for you, and I’d never hold that against you, never. You know that, right?” Cas sounds scared.
“Oh okay.” Cas’s sarcasm game was always very strong but Sam’s company is making him lethal. Two words and he’s breaking Dean down.
His second mistake, however, was being so focused on the brothers Winchester that he failed to notice the one being in all of existence that just never followed his plot. All the other versions of Dean and Sam had failed in one way or another. Somehow Chuck had failed to notice, that the only outlier of this world; his favorite world was
“I know. I know. Kill me to save the world, yada yada. Save the speech, alright?” She chides, getting off the chair and begins walking over to the stairs, crossing the War Room. But before she begins climbing them, she looks back, “I think having my only family also be a Winchester is penance for all the shit I did when I was first freed, isn’t it?”
“Wait, like real names for each other?” Claire asks, confused, but remains focused at the task at hand. “Like Steven or Henry or something?”
“You’re not taking the Angel, Winchester. We had a deal. He had his moment of happiness, now he’s mine.” The Empty said with determination.
Dean knows he shouldn’t, somewhere deep down. He is aware that how he is about to react is not how he wishes to, but sometimes knowing and wishing doesn’t translate to doing, so he says, “Why? Cause I’m some pig-headed high-school dropout?” He especially doesn’t want to add, “Too dumb for Castiel, the
It was strange then, that a word that was so inanely meaningless struck Dean so fully. The fact that his heart halted to a stop at something so profoundly stupid as
“He’s gonna jump out of a fucking corner and yell ‘Sike!’ and we’ll have to watch everything fall away,” Dean completed.
“So,” Jack says walking into the kitchen, finally visible. All three of his fathers jump in surprise and a bit of beer is spilled.
“Come back,” Sam orders. It’s not a suggestion or a request. It’s a command. “Come back and then we’ll talk.”
“That the only people who didn’t know that we were in love, were the two of us,” Dean smiles. A younger, more brash Dean would have been angry for having lost all that time pining. Or maybe the younger, more brash Dean would have never even been able to come to terms with the fact that his affections for the ex-angel next to him were nowhere near as well hidden as he thought they were. A younger, more brash Dean probably would not have been able to admit that Cas is not only the man that he loves but the love of his life. But this is not a young and more brash Dean. So, he smiles. "I was pouring my heart out, man. I was scared, like scared shitless, right? And all he cared about was the fact that I thought he didn't know me well enough to already know."
And he wishes more than anything that he couldn’t. He feels so aware of everything around him but at the same time, he feels like the Earth is still spinning but just forgot to bring him along for the ride so he’s just left behind, abandoned.
“Oh? Well.” Dean replied, calm all of a sudden. “Must have been some other guy who confessed his undying love to you in the pouring rain.”
“Then you might lose Cas… You might never be able to come to terms with yourself… You might never get to be truly happy.” Dean looks like he wants the ground to swallow him whole. He looks beyond broken. She sympathizes, she does but she needs him to know the truth. So, she adds, “But that’s never been the Dean Winchester I knew. The Dean Winchester I knew faced apocalypses like they were dares given at a party, he fought harder and louder than anyone else and never gave up. He saw what destiny had planned for him, decided he didn’t like it, and told destiny to fuck off. The Dean Winchester I knew was annoying, loud, brash, and kind of an ass but he was never,
“If you knew what was his moment of happiness, I think you’d wish he got it even less.” Dean couldn’t bring himself to look Jack in the eyes so he stared at the table instead.
“We- Bert and Earnie?” Dean looks so offended Sam has to laugh, “At least make it a little sexy, we’re pretty fucking sexy. Why can’t we be Thelma and Louise?”
“Why?” Dean asks, incredulous. “It’s not like we can fix this. Cause we can’t Sammy. I— I can’t fix this…”
Dean laughed heartily, “Come on, sweetheart. We’re getting married, you gotta get better at lying to me.”
“Dude, I’ve been third-wheeling for over a decade, stuck in the middle of your staring matches. How the hell could I not?” Sam shuddered at the thought of the years of sexual tension he had to live through. And then, just because this was his annoying elder brother, he added, “And the hickey isn't really helping.”
“We each need to pick a Best Man and... Jack and Claire are the only ones left,” Cas replies calmly.
In retrospect Sam feels like absolute garbage because handing his kid the responsibility of saving other people’s lives without even so much as asking if that is what they want is something so characteristically John Winchester that Sam thinks he might just puke. He thought he was nothing like his father, nothing like what his father wanted him to be but it turns out John Winchester was very impressionable man. And now here he sits, in front of his own son, watching him squirm at the thought of perusing the same dream that Sam himself once had.
The next moment the force the light is gone and the banging has stopped. When the three of them open their eyes, Amara is standing in front of them, dressed in black as usual, while the room around them has fallen into darkness.
“He said he was sorry for bailing. And then he asked if I could pick up some of his stuff for him if I’m already here, at the bunker.”
Jack walks up to the three men, stands next to Dean, opposite to Sam and Cas. He cautiously looks around before he begins, “So, um. I might have overheard the conversation… A little. I know, I know. I’m sorry but it wasn’t intentional. Anyway, what I wanted to say is that maybe I have a solution.”
He was made to believe he needed to be exactly what his father wanted him to be, and in trying to be a good son and a good brother, he felt like he’d lost himself somewhere. John’s incessant rants playing loudly on repeat inside his head, telling him what he could and
“So, you’re basically guilt-tripping Jack into eating somewhat healthier?” Sam chided without any heat.
“I was nervous then; I spoke harshly, I was jittery and my hands were shaking. I couldn’t completely calm down till Dean healed from getting impaled by a stupid rusty nail. You said
“Well, what the fuck would he able to do now? The new God’s gonna be along for breakfast in a couple o' minutes,” Dean retorted.
It’s only then he realizes, Dean’s crying. He turns to Cas and Sam, then and finds them rushing over for hugs and crying as well.
Jack takes another breath even though he’s not quite sure he needs it, “I might have already gotten them made. For all of you?”
He’s seen Sam wear it before as well when he returned with a fucking ragged and red Mark on his forearm, fated to be the killer John Eric Winchester had raised him to be. Sam seemed disappointed then, as he does now. And Dean fucking hates it. Dean hates himself. He hates what he did and what he said, and what he is and what he can’t be. He hates that this is his fucking destiny; being a shitty, broken man.
“Dean-” Castiel tried and failed. He was still incredibly lost, too lost in the kiss, in Dean. “You...” he tried and failed again.
“Oh, oh! We’re talking about smarmy British asshats, are we? Might I remind you of a certain Arthur Ketch, then?”
Castiel takes a minute. He runs his fingers in small comforting circles on Dean’s waist, mostly because he
Cas looks back at Sam for assistance and is only met with a glare. Cas cowers. He slowly makes his way in front of Dean and gets on his knees. He holds Dean’s face in his hands as gently as possible, with so much care that even from afar Jack’s heart warms.
Dean laughs, moving up to meet Castiel’s face and pulls him in by the neck, lips brushing, “I just knew I’d die for you, without complaint. I knew I’d live for you too.”
Jack smiled and scratched the back of his neck shyly. Cas smiled at the action; like father like son.
You’ve been there every step of the way, in our corner when no one else was. We’re not gonna kick you to the curb just because you don’t have your grace anymore.” Sam felt like he needed every word to hit Cas hard, he needed Cas to
he thinks to himself. He closes his eyes. All of this is far too painful to watch, even though he knows that he deserves it.
“I didn’t quite catch that,” Castiel remarks with a knowing smile, as he continues to softly caress Dean’s hair.
Dean’s chest was going to cave in. It was always one extreme or the other when talking to Cas. It was either thunderous anger, absolute bliss or this, unwavering pain. The guy talked like he was presenting you a piece of his heart, the intensity of it was… ‘unbalancing’.
“So, you’ll come around then?” Dean asked, trying to sound casual but failing to hide the desperation from his voice. “Cause God or not, you’re our kid. I know… I know I said those awful things but-”
Sam smiled at that, “They were like black gooey shape-shifting monsters from Purgatory. Anyway, not important. Point is, his motivation was always to protect us because somehow to him we were worth it.
Sam’s cut off by a loud gong. The gong bangs again. And again. And again. And again. The sound screeching, hurting their ears. The three men fall to the knees, hands covering their ears in a futile attempt while blood trickles down from their ears onto their necks.
Sam let out a wet chuckle. “Of course. I love her. I love you. God…” He leaned down and kissed Eileen gently, “Thank you.”
“You’ve been standing here for a while. Do you need some help?” Cas asks calmly, recomposing himself.
A moment passed in silence, the revelation that their New God wasn't as unfading as they would've thought.
. He’s tried and successfully verbalized some of his fears. He still remembers the night when instead of walking off from their bed when woken up by a horrible, gut-wrenching nightmare from hell (literally), he stayed in Cas’s arms. He remembers letting Cas hold him. He remembers breaking down, sobbing hopelessly and Cas understanding it all, without so much as a word being spoken. He remembers the next day when he woke up rested and feeling much lighter, only to be greeted with a red-eyed ex-angel who looked back at Dean with such devotion that he swore he could feel the Earth stop on its damn axis. He remembers asking Cas what was wrong, being worried and scared and terrified only to be answered with a wet chuckle and a soft
Jack takes a step forward, brings his hand above the bowl which houses the ingredients to the spell Sam and Jack design together, to summon the Darkness. He slashes his palm with a knife, dripping his blood into the bowl. While the scratch on his palm shimmers with golden light, healing the gash, the blood mixes with the ingredients.
“Nothing happened, goddamn it! Can’t I just get a fucking minute without you fucking clinging onto me for dear life?” Dean is just being hurtful for the sake of being hurtful at this point.
“Same as you,” Dean replied, pulling out the eggs and bacon and setting them on the kitchen island, “And like I said, kid’s gonna be here soon and he keeps fucking devouring those god-awful cereal boxes like a man possessed, so I cook him pancakes before he drops in so he
“Nephew,” She greets. “And the Winchesters,” She snarls looking around as the three men begin to stand, “All three of them.”
“Um, well… I’m trying to be?” Jack mumbles softly, never looking up. “I wa—was thinking about it. I wanted to be a normal kid. Isn’t this what they do? Go to school? So… I was thinking about getting a GED, give the SATs and then—then maybe apply to college?”
“Sure, it’s not like you guys had a Flickr album together or anything… oh wait.” And Cas smirks, the smug bastard.
“Marry me, angel?” Dean asks softly. “Will you? In front of all our friends and family, with a big ceremony with all the flowers and table cloths in the world. Will you?”
Dean Winchester had protected his baby brother all his fucking life. But there hadn’t been enough occasions for Sam to be able to repay the debt. But then, there it was, the one thing Dean wanted more than anything else, one thing he couldn’t live without, not really. And Sam would be damned if he wasn’t going to get it for him. He was going to get that stupid self-sacrificial angel back from the Shadow even if it meant that he'd have to live through another thousand repeated Tuesdays, listening to Asia.
“Um…” Dean scratched the back of his neck. Castiel smiled then. Dean was embarrassed. Castiel looked at him, cocked a brow, and smirked. “Fine! I panicked. Okay? I went to your room; it was empty… and it all kinda spiraled from there, I guess.”
Sam heard the echo of light footsteps before Dean walked into the kitchen. Dean looked a little surprised, probably expecting to find the place empty but schooled his features immediately. He walked over to the fridge, and for a second Sam held his breath. Dean pulled out a can of coke, opened it, walking over to sit opposite his brother. Sam breathed a sigh of relief, and smiled.
Dean had retired into his own room to give the couple some privacy after hugging her tightly when he saw her. She had materialized exactly where she had vanished and immediately made her way back to the bunker and greeted the boys upon their arrival. All three of them were misty-eyed with soft smiles.
“Do you need to stay in charge? Like, is the world going to fall apart if you give up the seat? Cause Chuck fucking dipped and we were absolutely peachy without Captain McDouche. So, if you left, would everything be okay?” Dean asks, hopeful and confident.
“Yeah!” Dean replied with a matching one, “I swear if I hadn’t been with Cas when you were… made… I wouldn’t have believed you weren’t his kid. You’re a spitting image of him.” Dean paused, taking another sip from his glass. “But it wasn’t just that; you were like him in every fucking way possible. You were this awkward, dorky little guy and all you wanted to do was help people. You were a good kid, and all I did was give you shit because I couldn’t look at you and not…”
“Painstakingly seriously. You’ll go back to resenting me soon,” Cas says with a small smile, “Though I was a horrible Angel, so just Guardian works.”
“Come on, sweetheart. You slept over at Jody’s place. Didn’t even get to hold you last night. Least you could do is give me a damn kiss,” Dean complains walking over to his man, resting his hands around his waist and pulling him close. “I’m not even wearing my suit yet… you can look, come on. Please?” He begs. “I missed you, angel,” He whispers.
But Cas’s face scrunches up in dismay, “No. Aim higher, Dean. At least 80. We’ve only just started.”
stay, that will be proof enough. Those things; they are selfish. I text and call and give you presents you don’t like because
If it were anyone else asking, Sam would’ve laughed but this was Cas. Castiel, the angel who fell for his brother, time and time again. Castiel, who loved his brother more than the whole world. Castiel, who was his naïve, kind best friend. So instead, he said, “You’ve got it, Cas. You always did.”
“Yes, you dumbass,” Dean replied, his smile absolutely brilliant. “I love you, Cas. I’ve loved you for so long, I don’t think I remember a time when I didn’t. I shoulda told you a long time ago, but I thought- I thought you
Sam looked at her intently, letting her words wash over him. “I don’t think I would have survived losing you. Not completely. Not again.”
Castiel walked closer to Dean, they stared at each other, “I remember seeing you in hell. Your soul… I felt almost like- like you were calling out to me. I fought off the demons in a haze, I was so entranced by how brightly you burned… you were like the sun and I was caught in your orbit,” Castiel realized he was smiling, “I think I have loved you since the moment I saw you, down in the depths of hell, when you thought you were at your very worst, all I could see was you;
Cas stills, only for a second. And it’s that second that makes Claire understand that Cas knows her too well by now, because a second later he’s back to normal and asks, "You'd want to come to mine as well?"
“You guys,” Jack replied with a smile. And Dean had to smile at that, the unwavering faith this kid had in his makeshift family was enough to write ballads about, it even made Dean swoon.
“I would be lying my ass off if I said the feeling’s mutual.” Jesse replied, “You’re both nothing but trouble and I was kinda hoping to never run into you again… ever.”
Sam thinks not everyone understands how much Cas has grown over the last year, ever since he became human. There were times now and again where Cas would lash out, especially in the beginning. Sam wasn’t always there when it happened but Cas would always tell him about it afterward. They developed an easy rapport where Cas would explain everything that happened and try to verbalize what made him crack while Sam would listen to his best friend and try to help him navigate it the best he could. Cas, much to Sam’s surprise was never shy about asking for help. Sam initially thought Cas would have too big of an ego, too used to being inhumanly powerful, to ask for assistance but that wasn’t the case. His heart always felt warm that Cas entrusted him with the task but always suspected there was another Winchester who might have played a hand in the whole thing. However, he was very unsure how.
“What’s got you two giggling like middle schoolers at a sleepover?” Claire makes her way over to the dining table. She pulls the chair next to Cas, opposite to Sam and sits with her legs resting on the table.
There is a palpable silence in the room. Cas looks like he wishes he had never been created into existence, while Claire looks on, stone-faced. And the silence persists until… Sam bursts out laughing and Claire joins in. Cas remains confounded and somewhat scared.
Sam laughs at that, “Where’s Dean?” He can imagine his brother getting annoyed at just the prospect of it all.
Cas was on the verge of tears as well, staring at Dean. Suddenly he got off Dean, and Dean was terrified, convinced Cas was just going to walk away. But then he felt Cas’s weight settle back on top of him again.
Later, as the car ride, which was spent discussing the menu for dinner, was coming to an end, Cas turned to him and said, “Thanks, Sammy,” with such devotion, that Sam swore he felt his heart melt.
“See? I’m not untouchable. And perhaps, you are a repressed high-school dropout but you are my repressed high-school dropout…” Cas gives a small smile.
“But I always come back to you, Dean. I always have and always will. So even when you miss me, please remember, it’s—it’ll always be a temporary feeling. Because I’ll always,
“YOU DIDN’T WANT ME THERE!” Cas is screaming. His Cas is screaming, shouting, at the top of his lungs. Dean takes a moment to comprehend that (orgasm-inducing) voice can be that loud (and hot).
“Nothing,” Eileen waved him off, “Sam and Cas are out getting groceries, if there’s something you want them to get, now’s your chance…” she added with jaunt.
“I’m aware, Dean. I’m quite sure I was there when it happened,” Castiel deadpanned. He clearly had a death wish.
“If he wants to keep coming back till the day he dies, let’s speed it up, shall we?” The Empty was fury incarnate. “You know what? I’m feeling especially bitchy today, so here’s another deal, since you’re so fond of those, I'll even give you a choice... option A, give up, stop fighting me while you sleep and I kill him quickly or option B, leave him here and you can go, he lives but takes your place instead, reliving his regrets till kingdom come.”
For a moment, Dean was sure that was it. He would die there, in the Empty, in the arms of his Angel, the Angel he-
“Did something happen?” Sam asks cautiously. Now Dean’s trying to decipher what approach Sam’s chosen.
“Of course. Throw that in my face, why don’t you? That too, in some stupid way, was to save your fine ass,” Castiel began walking over to Dean, “But if we are taking a trip down the memory lane, would you like to revisit the Mark of Cain perhaps?”
“So come on, tell me some cool stories?” Claire pleads, changing the topic, “I deserve to hear about the adventures of Dum, Dumb and Dumber.”
Castiel turns to face Dean, the angle makes it so, that his lips line up perfectly with Dean’s forehead. “Well, I suppose it has something to do with the fact that you’re the only religion I’ve had since I first held you in my arms in hell,” Castiel lips touch Dean’s forehead as he speaks.
Dean wants to reply, he does. He has spent the last year, since Cas’s return, trying to be better at this. Not for Cas, but because of him
“Why?” Sam asked, Cas just raised his eyebrow in confusion, “You- you wanna move out?” he rephrased.
Sam has to take a moment to take it all in. They get to have this. And he feels incredibly lucky to be able to witness it.
“Oh,” Cas said, looking skittish, like a child reprimanded for getting caught eating ice cream. “I’m sorry- I’ll just…” He began fumbling his way out of the passenger seat. Sam is right, Dean is a fucking asshole.
Sam raises his hands in defence. He walks over and sit down on the bed, behind the pair. “Whatchya doing there?”
“You beautiful, infuriating man,” Cas said with a wet chuckle, pulling out a similar box and then opening it. The rings were practically identical. “You beat me by
Both of them jumped turning back, “Holy fuck! You’re gonna give me a stroke,” Dean scolded, simultaneously as Sam said, “That’s really not funny, Jack.”
“Yeah well, I just defeated God, a few months ago, I’m on a fucking rebellious streak,” Dean answered with a smirk, “Besides, you got more than you bargained for. You got Death. Let Cas go, or-”
Sam joins in, “I guess so.” Sam sighs, pauses and then adds, “But honestly, I used to think you had the biggest, the most gigantic stick shoved so far up your ass, that I could see it down your throat every time you opened your mouth to talk.”
Eventually, though, this life, his brother, the makeshift family he’d collected, made him realize he was indeed different. Not because he was somehow
This gives Dean pause. He’s a piece of shit sometimes. He realizes now, the kid still believes he is only valued for his power. He’s tried to assure Jack that, that is not the case but he knows better than anyone some beliefs are quite hard to kill. Especially the ones ingrained into your head by your father, or well, the father figure in this case. Oh, wait no,
, he thinks staring down at the bottle of beer in his hand. Shaking his head, trying desperately to get rid of the crimson on his face, he shrugs, “With all the bad luck we’ve had, all the times we’ve lost each other and all the time we wasted thinking the other wasn’t hopelessly in love with the first… yeah, us actually walking down the aisle is as close as it gets to something world ending,” Dean says, wistfully with the hint of a smile, “now at least.”
“Is there a reason you couldn’t do that in your room?” Dean asked walking over to the driver’s seat, leaning down, and sticking his head in through the window with arms resting on the door.
“How about… Miracle?” Dean asked from behind him. They were all standing in the library, with the cutest puppy in the world in front of them. “Seems fitting, no?” Dean looked at Cas who was standing next to him with his arms wrapped around Dean’s waist and a smile on his face.
“We use it to bargain with the Empty. It's probably the only thing it would want,” Sam said. There was determination in his voice, which meant Sam had decided to die on that hill if needed. “So we ask for Cas in exchange for Jesse’s soul and- “
Sam finally sat down, “You both look at each other like, the rest of the world doesn’t really exist. Of course,
Dean couldn’t move for a moment; he was sure his heart had stopped beating and he had already made his way into Heaven.
Dean brings a hand onto Castiel’s cheek, caressing gently, patiently with love and care and devotion. He looks Castiel in the eyes, “This? This is the bare fucking minimum, Cas… And you? You deserve the whole fucking world, and then some. I want to give that to you. Please, help me give that to you. Like everything else, I can’t do this alone, so help me out here, man. Push me, not too much, but a bit, I need to get out of my comfort zone. I need to do more, or I’ll never deserve you. And I want to, Cas… I want to deserve you so fucking bad…” Dean wipes a tear off Castiel’s cheek, pulling him closer by the neck, their lips brushing, “Cause you’re mine too. You’re my religion too, sweetheart.”
Jack, however, interprets the silence as an indication of having stepped over a line, he shouldn’t have, “Dean, look I was just suggesting—” He tries, scared and rushed but is cut off.
The group spent the entire day having too much cotton candy, riding every single one of the rides, and buying too many unnecessary souvenirs.
“I found something about how to make an offspring of a mermaid and a werewolf but zilch on the Empty,” Dean replied annoyance laced in every word. He accepted the beer that Eileen offered him as well as the soft pat on his back. “I didn’t even fucking know mermaids are real, man?”
“Come on, woosh us away, let’s go!” Dean charged. “I don’t need to see the angstier version of her. I like living.”
Dean shuddered. And then turned to look at him in the eye for a long moment and then softly kissed him.
“Maybe I just want everyone to know I’m yours…” Cas says very softly. He shakes his head then and then drops his hands and gets up.  “If you don’t want these things, we don’t need to have it, Dean.” He walks over to Sam who is standing behind the kitchen island. “We won’t have to make it a big deal. The invites haven’t gone out yet. It can just be us... if that’s what you want.”
Dean was beyond furious, “We’re all putting our lives on the line to get your stupid self-sacrificing ass outta here. Jack’s stalling the Shadow, Claire, Donna, and Jody are powering the fucking locator spell in my hand, Sam and Eileen are fighting off reapers left and right, and I’m here, risking my very fine ass to get you out of the damn carbonite. So, for fuck’s sake can we please get a move on, so I can chew you out for pulling this stunt in relative peace?”
“I said, the outside world can go screw itself silly,” Dean says. He then climbs a bit higher on the bed, where he’s tangled up with Castiel in a mess of limbs and sheets, and settles himself on Castiel’s lap, with his head laid onto his shoulder, facing him and planting small kisses along his neck. “I’m staying here.” And he moves close to Castiel’s ear, adds with a barely-there whisper, “Stay with me.”
They were lying on the bed, in only their boxers and nothing else, in the room that used to be Dean’s but had now become
He pulled her back in for another kiss, this one more uncoordinated than the last, both their lips curled into a smile, “Absolutely.” He replied.
getting married. As much as she loathes to admit it, even to herself, watching them happy and content is comforting in a way that can only make sense to someone who has watched their life be ripped apart by the evils that exist in this very fucked up world. And Claire knows this life doesn’t always provide you pleasures or moments of happiness, oh does she know. So maybe, just maybe, watching two of the unluckiest guys on the planet make nauseating heart eyes at each other gives her hope. Maybe.
“Come on, it’ll work. All our plans are either utterly stupid or just plain suicidal. I’d take this halfcocked one over the other two, wouldn’t you?” Dean counters, with a charming smile.
, I want to marry Dean!” Cas chides as if he’s stating a universal fact. Like he’s telling a junior in high school that the Earth is in fact, round. But the irritation in Cas’s voice makes Sam breathe easy again. “I’d have married that man the first time he stabbed me the night we met; if I knew he was amenable to it,” Cas mutters.
But then you said you did and I didn’t even to say it back, Cas! How’s that fair? The love of my life, died in front of me, died for me, thinking I didn’t love him back… But I do Cas… of course, I do, I do, so fucking much. And I can’t say this will be easy, I’m still pretty shitty but I’ll try to be better, for you… I guess what I’m tryna say is that you can have this Cas, I’m yours. I’m pretty fucking sure, I always have been…”
“It’s good to see you, man,” Sam said with eloquence Dean wasn’t sure he’d be able to find for a while.
“You know, when I left the bunker, after everything that happened with Chuck, I did it because I was scared of what it all meant. I didn’t know if any of it was even real, or just another plot point for Chuck to manipulate. Part of me thought once this was all over maybe Sam and I just wouldn’t feel the same way anymore… but that didn’t happen,” a smile broke onto her face, “You went, fought God and won, and somehow we were just as real as we were before.”
“Holy shit, Bueller! You scared the shit outta me!” Claire screams, almost jumping off her chair. To which, Cas and Sam laugh harder in response.
Dean wants to fall onto his knees, he wants to beg and cry and plead; he wants to do anything and everything he can to make sure that Cas believes him when he says that none of the shit that he said had anything to do with him. He needs Cas to know that, that isn’t the way he looks at him. He could never think of Cas like that. It couldn’t be. This is Cas. Not some junkless angel of the lord, no. It’s Castiel,
“I didn’t quite catch that,” Castiel remarks with a knowing smile, as he continues to softly caress Dean’s hair.
“’Oh’? That’s all I get?” Dean pulled back, looking baffled, “I bore my heart out, Cas. And all you’ve got is, ‘oh’?!”
And Sam watched the Angel, who had fought Demons, Archangels, the Darkness, and even God, blush. In that moment, he was sure, this couldn’t be a trick. Because even in Chuck’s wildest dream he could not have come up with that look of pure bliss on Cas’s face.
Dean sat there in silence. His eyes were bulging out and Sam wasn’t quite sure he was breathing but Sam was very willing to give his brother a moment to cope.
So, after months and months of expecting all hell to break loose and come crashing down on his perfect little domesticated life– being lived out in an ancient bunker meant for hunting and torturing monsters by a group of
Jack shrugs, “Yes and no. I was… uh… Well, I was writing an essay for a practice test and then fell asleep in the middle, and then all the giggling woke me up.”
Cas shrugs. And finally, it hits Dean. Dean might be the King of the kingdom called self-loathing, but he does not rule alone. Cas, as always, is right there with him.
Castiel made a small slit at the bottom of his throat and his grace wafted away. The Empty tried with futility to catch it somehow but it blew away.
“I don’t know. I- I guess I’ve always been worried about that, you know? When you had your mojo, you’d just woosh away without a word–“ Dean added.
“I was just asking them how they were doing,” Jack defends, “No one likes being put in a tank and then have a bunch of people staring at them, you know?”
And with that thought, Dean does what he does best. “What?” Dean snaps, finally turning to look at Cas.
“I’m gonna pretend that I am very interested in Claire’s hunting stories,” Eileen said closing her laptop and existing swiftly.
“Dude,” Sam chuckles, “you gotta give me a little more context.” Sam tried taking a bite out of the burger patty only to spit it out.
Castiel nods absently. He understands, Dean Winchester is the epitome of self-deprecation. Knowing he’s loved, accepting it in a vague sense with sex and soft morning touches is one thing but hearing it verbalised and presented so unabashedly is far from the realms of what he is currently capable of.
feel the same way, you know? And even if you could, I didn’t think it would be for me. But then all of a sudden Death was knocking at the door,
a trick. All I can say is that this, right now, feels pretty fucking real to me. There’s no point ruining it by wondering what happens next, why don’t we just enjoy this for however long we get to have it,” Dean murmured soothingly into Sam’s ear. He patted the back of Sam’s head one last time “I’ll always be here if you need reminders, alright?” and pulled away.
So, Dean begins, “There are very, very few things in this world that could make me be disappointed in you. I know you have done things, that you are not proud of. Things that haunt you and keep you up at night. And maybe, part of you wants to stay up at night and be Godly even when you hate it, as penance, or some sort of redemption for all the shit you did but that’s not how it works, kid. I’d know. I tried it… Look, you’re a good kid. Okay? You’re a fucking good kid. You made… mistakes. They were horrible and awful but they were just that; mistakes. If you were not a good kid, you’d never feel like shit for having done those things, so the fact that you carry those mistakes with you, and know never to repeat them again, makes you a good kid.
“You too, huh?” Dean asked, pulling the ring out of the box. He noticed the carving, and realized it was Enochian, “What does it say, Cas?”
“You were just, willing to bet your life on the fact that I don’t- I wouldn’t feel the same? You were
“Don't be an ass,” Cas reprimanded, finally looking at Sam. “I just wanted to… I wanted to ask for your permission.”
Dean thinks back on his night. He thinks back on all the laughs and jokes and beer and Star Wars. He thinks back on his memories, he smiles and replies, “Yeah. Yeah, I did.”
“I may not know exactly what his moment of true happiness was, but I know that it was you, wasn’t it?” Sam asked, knowingly. He had only heard mentions of it from Dean and Jack, not the details. He didn’t think he wanted to ask for any, it felt too personal to Dean and Cas. Moreover, he didn’t think he really needed to know more than that the Empty promised to take Cas when he felt truly happy.
“Maybe you could ask them?” Sam suggests. Cas looks up at him, expectantly. So, Sam continues, “Call Jack, call Claire, sit them down and ask them to pick either of you two. I mean you’ll find out exactly who likes who better, maybe it’ll hurt your ego… but it’s either that or hurt their feelings. So…”
“Fine. Fine. Yes. Sure. Whatever you want, kid,” Dean throws his hands up in surrender. Jack smiles and so does everyone else.
“You were mine the moment you told Chuck that we were making it up as we go.” Dean replies. “I mean, I wanted you the moment you walked in, you know? But that? That’s when I knew I was fucked.”
“My fiancé keeps insisting on calling the day of our wedding ‘D-Day’,” Cas replies, air quotes and all and Dean can’t really help himself, so he breaks into a grin and then leans in, placing a kiss Cas on the corner of his lips, a soft gentle thing.
“What if we don’t?” Dean challenged, “What if we can’t find jack shit and Jack can’t find a way either. What then?”
Dean just nodded silently, taking another swig. “So, I’m sorry. For back then but more than that, I’m sorry for what I said about…”
“That’s great, Cas,” Sam said carefully, “But I’m pretty sure you’re supposed to be telling him that. Not me.”
“I—I’m not sure I’m welcome home… I'm not even sure I have one,” Cas sounds so fucking lost that Claire considers just running over to wherever he is and hugging him. Her angsty adult routine be damned.
“Yeah well, that’s what Dean used to say about Cas. Like, relentlessly,” Sam sighs, suddenly remembering all the years and years of being ignored by his brother and his best friend in favour of eye-fucking. He shudders at the thought. “Anyway, you’ll bring this fine…” Sam pauses, “person, to the wedding?” Sam asks.
Sam feels the severity of this stupid rock, paper, scissors game is palpable enough for everything to move in slow motion. He watches as Dean throws paper again to Cas’s rock. He watches as Dean throws several punches in the air and exclaims in joy. He watches as Cas groan and pulls at his hair. He watches as Dean smiles with absolute joy and pulls Cas’s face into his hands give him a loud, obnoxious kiss right on the lips.
Castiel’s mind finally caught up and began kissing him back. And they were off. The world stood still, as both of them poured in ten years of love, of devotion, of care and pining into the kiss. They were holding onto each other for dear life; Dean's hand around Castiel’s waist, Castiel’s clutching onto Dean’s jacket. They kissed each other like they needed it to live, and they probably did. They kissed and kissed until they finally had to breathe. They broke away but didn’t pull apart. Dean rested his forehead on Castiel’s and smiled again.
not really, and reminding them that, that mission had been beyond chaotic. Both pleas would fall on deaf ears so instead, he said, “Didn’t know you had a soul.”
Cas takes his hand that’s resting on Cas’s cheek and pulls it away and Dean can hear his heartbreak.
“It’s the only thing that will play cassettes apart from your car. And I am aware of your rule of ‘the shotgun shutting his cakehole’. This felt like a fair compromise.” Cas replied.
“Why does it have to be such a big thing, Cas?” Dean asks softly, his hands are gripping onto the chair. Knuckles slowly turning white. “Why does it have to be such a big announcement? Why can’t it just be us, our makeshift broken little family? Are they not enough for you?” Dean’s volume rises slowly. “You want this big ass Greek fucking wedding, and you want the whole shebang with invites and receptions but- why the fuck does it need to be so fucking public? Why can’t it just be us?”
“I mean, we probably got the memo before you did. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you still use carrier pigeon as your preferred means of communication.” Claire seemed unbelievably proud of her insults as she sat on a table in the War Room. Kaia was sitting in front of her, with Claire’s legs resting in her lap. Jody and Jack sat across from them, next to Donna. Bobby was at the head of the table, his legs on the table, leaning back on his chair, dangerously close to falling but calm as ever. Sam sat next to Kaia and Claire, with Eileen on his lap.
Unable to maintain the pretence, Cas relented his teasing. He untangled his hands from the man’s hair and took his hand again. Together, the two of them made their way towards the carpark, and hence to their new home.
“Ah, yes. Thank you, sir” It was Dean’s turn to be flustered now as he tried to reconcile what was happening.
“Hey guys, I’m having a great day at the car show. Wondering if I can come over tonight, there’s something I’d like to talk to you about”. Exhaling deeply, she took the hand of the girl next to her and gave it an affectionate squeeze.
“Sweetheart, I know. I agree with you. There is a fight to be had, and today, we made a difference. I know we can make a bit difference in the lives of many people. Can I just… I’m tired, Cas. Can we finish this event, have a holiday on the beach, and then change the world?”
The moment of terror was short-lived however, as he saw Cas’ lips erupt into his own wry smile. Light danced in Cas’ eyes as his gaze swept over Dean’s face.
“Yes, the Jesus argument. The same Jesus who sat with society’s outcasts, who advocated for the rights of the unenfranchised, the poor, the sick. He would definitely have no time for this intolerance”.
Dean stepped off the porch and the dusty ground felt cool beneath his boots. Looking back at Bobby, he repeated: “A couple of miles that way, you say?”.
“No, its ok Cas. You don’t need to make excuses for me. I was a hateful old bigot, and I’ve made my peace with that. Nothing can change what I did”.
Once the three of them had settled on deck chairs under the sun umbrella, perched between the two Chevrolets, Daryl resumed his story as Dean drank his coffee.
“I was raised to believe certain things. My mother died when I was young, so it was just my father and me. He had a certain lifestyle, and I had to become a part of that”.
“Sam. Cas.” She spoke so rarely these days, as her family’s ASL was improving so rapidly. Sam was used to going for days without hearing his wife’s voice, so hearing it now made him pay attention.
Eileen’s unceasing good nature prevailed, and she squeezed Cas’ elbow. Making eye contact she signed to the two men: “Why one or the other? Can’t a guy do both?”. The laughter that erupted from the three of them generated looks from several of the surrounding spectators and exhibitors. Cas had to bend over for a moment to catch his breath, his laughter draining out of him. As he straightened up his phone buzzed. Dean had messaged: “Where you, angel?”
He started when he heard a door slam behind him. He heard an upset Englishman muttering under his breath and saw Dr. Davies leave Dr. Carroll’s office and enter his own. At the same time, Gabriel emerged from the stairs and spotted Dean at the end of the hallway. He grinned.
They were the most alluring shade, trapped by an alluring expression bathed in sun-kissed freckles. His lips were pink and plump, slightly parted, with brows raised daintily, and like a moth to a flame, he was drawn to the man. Like Icarus to the sun, a sailor to a siren’s song, Castiel’s feet involuntarily stepped forward, unaware that he was holding the delicate rose to his chest.
Castiel acknowledged his answer. “Well, let me just drop off my briefcase in my office. Then we can go interrogate this relative you found.”
It was an unimposing shop, tucked in the corner of King Street in Hudson Square, with a rustic vibe going on. Everything was all about wooden crates and chalk, the walls painted a dull steel blue, punctuated with green vines scattered by the corners and hanging from the ceiling. Castiel adored it.
“Through two little imps named Gabriel and Balthazar.” Dean grinned, trying his best charm Castiel’s ass off. So far, zilch.
They passed through the entrance with ease, and the guy manning it smiled knowingly at Castiel as they hopped in a cart.
It was Castiel who advanced to the room first, holding the lever handle and crooking his wrist to open it. Dean made a disgruntled noise when Castiel entered impetuously without so much as confirming with him, apparently ignoring the ten-minute PTSD episode they had just experienced from the earthquake. Not to mention if it had weakened the infrastructure.
He had seriously underestimated the immortal’s ability to forget the time. When he had been trying to blink the sleepiness out of his eyes, Castiel was still reading news reports in his computer with the same intensity he had ten hours ago. With the absence of caffeine.
“Luke’s being intransigent. I think maybe a talk with Chuck can change that, don’t you think, Gabe?”
“The first time I experienced an earthquake, it was during a class of mine. The period was about to end when I noticed the table was shaking just as I felt a wave of vertigo overcome me. I saw flashes of my mother, dying, then myself at a hospital corridor, but all the while I could hear my students clambering to evacuate the room. I couldn’t move, but I still had some degree of cognizance during the occurrence.”
“If he can provide us with any information regarding Bobby Singer, if there were tales or family history passed down that could help us with the case.”
“Very Descartes, yes? The mind-body dualism? The Catholic Church greatly benefited from its conception during the Renaissance because then science and religion could finally be asunder. Church and state. Physical matter and spirit. Is it physiological or psychological? Those were the ubiquitous debates at the time.
Dean’s eyes widened, throat clearing with a muted shake of his head at Gabriel. He reported with haste, “New evidence has come to light, but I will tell both of you what I can when we sort it out.” He waved lamely to Castiel, catching his eye. Castiel nodded at him.
Somewhere in the scrambled eggs that was his mind and the wobble of the ground, the voice had reminded him that he wasn’t alone. It precipitated a long, stretched-out resonance that took Dean a while to realize was
Soon, five o’clock rolled around, and Castiel persuaded Dean to ride his Continental for the sake of the surprise.
He paused in his tracks, contemplating if he should answer. After a few seconds, he turned his head to give Dean one last scathing look.
Garth laughed and nodded in affirmation. “Of course, gentlemen. Say bye to the nice FBI Agents, Jenny.”
“Yes. I’ll let you know if I need to ask follow-up questions. Gabriel.” He saluted the siblings and crossed the threshold.
“You’re in luck. He’s in his office right now,” Gabriel said, and they started walking towards the administrative building. "And I don't know, I just feel it.”
They started devouring the food, shifting from one conversation to another, and they were heedless to the egression of people, the painting of ethereal pink on the sky, and soon, the setting of the sun.
From Gabriel and Balthazar’s (he had learned the blonde man’s name that afternoon, and further learned to stay away from Gabriel and Balthazar when they were together) bickering and amplified childishness to the case stumping him because there was no scrap of evidence left at the crime scene, he really needed a drink.
Dean still didn’t reply, dodging Castiel’s eyes, and Castiel fell disheartened. “Maybe that’s a story for another time.”
Dean shrugged. “Same as you. Hoping for no more aftershocks in the near future. Not sure I’d be able to, you know.” He gulped. “Handle another one.”
As the sun disappeared and promised to return in due time, they both wondered if they should break the stillness.
Dean was already perusing through the DVD rack beside the monitor, a large case filled to the margin with motley genres. When he triumphantly pulled a copy of The Untouchables, grinning at Castiel like an excitable child, with Castiel fighting off the smile before it overcame him, he decisively made up his mind.
“Whoever was in the building has probably evacuated, Dean,” Castiel quietly surmised, and Dean let his forehead touch the varnished timber for a while before curtly grabbing his wallet from his suit jacket and pulling out a credit card, kneeling to level his gaze at the lockset. He inserted the card in the groove between the two doors and prodded it harriedly.
“But it’s getting worse. What if something really bad happens? What if you. . . I’m just saying. Someone—anyone—they should know.”
“I was always so. . .” Dean spoke up slowly, meeting his eyes and rolling a shoulder. “I don’t know—different, I guess.”
Dean recalled their conversation. Another reason that Mick had no motive was that he was completely unfamiliar with the Silver Fragment, seeing as he grew up and got his education in London, only migrating to the States three years ago to gain experience teaching in a different country.
. It had been there, the moment the pain struck him, but he couldn’t hear it over the burning mirages.
Dean heard Castiel’s gasp in-between two consecutive firecrackers, and he smirked at his watch—exactly 8:30 p.m. Burcham Park was thoroughly punctual.
Castiel shifted his body sideways to face Jack, inquiring, as the hand resting on the wheel tightened in worry. His eyes automatically skimmed Jack’s face for any indication of something purpling.
“Of course, of course. I’ll be more than delighted to help. But for now, I have a class to get to, and I’m already appallingly late.” He rose from his seat, Dean and Castiel’s eyes following him.
Castiel’s head hit the wall with a dull thud. “That was three earthquakes ago. I would hate to know what would become of me the next time another strikes.”
“Hey, I need to go to the little girls’ room. Why don’t you use that to buy us some cotton candy, huh? I’d love some cotton candy.”
A few exchanges later, Dean and Castiel got to talking about Castiel’s involvement in soul topics, how he first entered the field. “Our knowledge of souls is hitherto still limited. It was curiosity at first that brought me to its threshold, but as the years passed, it became the determination. The sheer demand of my circumstance. Less curious, more obliged.
Dean shook his head. He must have been seeing things. But he looked up again and no, he wasn’t hallucinating, because he saw a pair of cerulean orbs stare back at him with an intensity that rivaled Dean’s.
When, after a few months, the shop was beginning to garner attention, he could no longer carry his responsibilities alone, so he had posted a wanted ad in front of the shop, and there he met Charlie, and Kevin a few months after.
Satisfied, Castiel replied, “He’s doing much better now. The medication helps temper the sleeping problems, but I think the therapy is what’s really getting to him. The last he told me was that the experience helps with his self-awareness.”
Cassie had her lips pouted, and she had looked like she was about to cry. But before she could, Dean had strode up to her and placed his small hands on each of the suspension ropes on either side of the young girl. The frowning Cassie threw a look of confusion, possibly with a side of suspicion, over her shoulder.
Castiel peered swiftly at Dean through his lashes at the sound of the sobriquet, but let it slide easily. “That wouldn’t make sense. Why go to the fifth floor in the first place? Why not directly enter the second floor? And why did he have to fumble with the doors?”
“Symbolizing. . ?” the man asked, trailing off, and only then did he realize that he stopped mid-sentence.
And he whirled his gaze onto Castiel, who was experiencing the moment with childlike wonder. And for a moment, Dean thought maybe if he were brave enough, he could find the right words to say.
Aaron yelped and Dean chuckled. The younger boy had ceased and lifted his head to press their foreheads together. He felt extremely pleased to see the boy’s pink-tinged cheeks and swollen lips, both breathing heavily.
As though sensing Dean’s discomfort, Dr. Shurley smiled warmly. “Gabriel has always been the most thoughtful of the three.” He turned his chair again, gazing once more at the painting, this time his eyes focused on the familiar brown-haired man with what couldn’t be misconstrued as sheer pride.
Dean sidled on Castiel’s right. “Top of the morning, Dr. Shurley. Yes, he’s being a darling.” He smiled sideways at Castiel, which could easily be mistaken as scorn, but he hoped the chancellor didn’t catch the sarcasm. Castiel surely didn’t take notice to it. “It’s so good to see you out of your office, Dr. Shurley.”
in the hell did you get these!” he exclaimed, hands coming to Dean’s chest, tickets still in grasp. He could only pull Aaron closer to him by his suspenders, a shy smile on his lips. It had cost him two weeks' worth of pay, but the older boy didn’t need to know that.
Leave a kudos on your way (and a comment while you're at it). I would love to know what you think so far.
At the northern side of the room was Castiel’s grand piano nestled, black and sleek, as the radiance from the large overhead light bulbs that served as modern ceiling lamps glinted against its expanse. To the left, there was a doorway leading to the two bedrooms and one bathroom, and beside the doorway, an opening to the kitchen and dining area.
Castiel didn’t know how to feel about that. While he was averse to any idea pertaining to a change in his own soul, he was genuinely happy being best man at Gabriel and Rowena’s wedding (Dr. Shurley’s, too, at that). His speech was half-filled with baby Gabe anecdotes and half-stammering about the beauty of soulmates.
Dean ended up leaning on the fourth floor window, organizing all the garnered information in his head into a more comprehensible construct. So far, nothing rose red flags.
Dean spotted the neglected two pieces of French fries on Castiel’s plate and swiped it before the man could protest. He put it in his mouth and munched obnoxiously, all the while flashing a big, stupid grin at the man. It nonplussed Castiel how the last time he saw that grin, Dean was hitting on him.
They returned to eating their meals, Castiel asking, “How about you, Dean? How was Michigan? Charlie?”
He pulled a jar of pods from the overhead cabinet and got one out, giving it to Dean who threw the pod into the machine and began the cycle. Leaning against the wall of the small room, Castiel steeled himself, impatient. A song too muzzled to be identified was still floating from the kitchen.
Castiel bit the inside of his cheek as Dean waited expectantly. The man took a stem from the pot, then brought it to his nose to inhale the scent. Its petals were vibrant, and wrapped in the man’s fingers, it was breathtaking.
“Hope you’re having a nice day so far, Dean. We have all the usuals, but there are freshly delivered sunflowers if you’d like. A classic, if I may say so myself.” He disappeared into the opposite aisle when Dean wasn’t looking. Realizing Castiel was gone, he peered left and right, and Castiel reappeared with a happy sunflower in his hand. “Symbolizes warmth, dedication.”
Dean drew a staggered laugh, shaking his head at the man. “This is definitely on the top fifteen of my ‘Best Burgers’ list. And that’s a painstakingly-made list. Don’t tell me this is your first burger?”
Castiel had known Gabriel since he was a baby. Heck, he was the one who introduced the chancellor to his late wife. He was there when Dr. Shurley got married and started a family.  Somehow he always felt like he was unofficially part of it. After all, it was the chancellor that took Castiel under his wing when he was existentially and literally lost.
Dean still appeared skeptical, undecided whether to take the man at his word. But he had spoken with such fervor that it didn’t feel like a lie. Dean glared at the man’s eyes, trying to find a hint of untruthfulness, getting lost in blue for a mere second. He snapped himself out of it.
The chancellor laughed. “Well, I’m not to become my own antique. Even though I am already a fossil.”
All of the greenery in the world couldn’t amount to the storm of sea green eyes the man in front of him held.
Castiel gasped brokenly, clambering to his feet and hurtling back to the private room as fast as his feet could take him. Stopping abrasively against the doorway, a man in a white coat was folding a blanket over his mother’s face.
Castiel shook his head, munching on some crispy bacon. “It’s not, but I haven’t eaten one since 1998. I’ve forgotten just how palatable it is.” Dean’s eyebrow quirked in question. “What happened in 1998?”
“Good,” Dean said softly. “My apartment’s actually just there.” He gestured to the apartment building opposing Eden’s Garden, and Castiel’s mouth opened in nonplus. “You live just in front of the shop?”
“I peeked inside and saw the soul piece at the end of the hall—you wouldn’t miss it, it’s very bright—but I only closed the door and left. I didn’t steal it,” he said forcefully and with finality.
“I am not scared of infants. They’re small and puny.” Garth snickered. “Again, no offense,” Castiel griped. Garth held his hands up defensively. “None taken.”
“I know for a fact that if you didn’t make that detour, we would’ve passed by the house you grew up in.”
“C’mon, professor, play with the good wittle baby.” Dean continued to make faces at Jenny and she burst into high-pitched giggles. Castiel didn’t dare to move closer.
“And didn’t you hear me say that I really don’t care what you believe?” Castiel retorted. He flicked the photos in the folder and saw shots of him at different positions, all pointing to him heading to the staircase, still holding his head, and one shot where he was leaning his weight on the wall. “How did you even get these? I thought the footage was deleted.”
“Just a reminder, Dr. Milton, about the summer convention in Rome. They want you again. As they always do,” Dr. Shurley teased, eyes crinkled in mirth.
“The throbbing has diminished, and I no longer see any visions, but I do still feel a bit disconcerted. Nothing I wouldn’t be able to handle.” He worried his bottom lip as he glanced at Dean. “How about you?”
They talked more when Castiel’s coughing had dwindled, going off on a tangent about Lucifer’s horrendous birthday dinner last month which Dean had attended. His first gathering with the Shurley’s extended family, at the original Shurley residence, before the children branched out. Castiel remembered Dean’s face of awe at what was essentially a mansion, and his nervous handshakes with everyone and their luck-wishing for the case of the Silver Fragment theft.
Dean’s eyebrows shot up, as well as the hair at the back of his neck, because Castiel’s voice sounded as though he ate gravel for breakfast, and the octave his input had been in was lower than Dean’s current self-esteem.
Castiel had his palms to his face, but Dean could hear his cries beneath his hands. “I’m sorry, mom,” he barely heard him weep, and Dean’s heart ached for him, even more than the ache in his head.
“It’s open,” voiced Castiel, as he traced the second paragraph of page 337 of the nearest flaying book with the pad of his left pointer finger, and the last sentence of the journal adjacent to it with his right.
,” Rowena sing-songed from another room, “I made another batch. And now the little trickster’s banned from the kitchen forever.”
He put his hand beside Jenny to wave and encouraged her to imitate. She waved unceremoniously and babbled away.
Jack, who he had the pleasure of meeting less than a month ago, was looking at him the way Castiel usually studied facial expressions. It was uncanny, really, the likeness. Dean wanted to ask Castiel again if he was sure Jack wasn’t his.
He felt all rational thought abandon him once more, like they had that afternoon. He felt his blood pulsing a little bit faster.
He had relinquished a part of his soul to Cassie Robinson—the pretty girl with bushy hair and caramel skin. It had been recess, and Dean had spotted Cassie alone by the swing, trying to push herself up with her feet; legs not quite long enough to give the swing anything more than a sideways jiggle.
Castiel had definitely gained more weight over the past month. He looked leaner, healthier—taken care of.
Then there was the man with blue eyes that captured his attention that afternoon. No one for a long time had effortlessly winded Dean of coherent thoughts without so much as a second glance.
Castiel sat Balthazar down his swivel chair as he gave an affronted huff, his briefcase landing on the tabletop. “What is going on? If you’re looking for a ménage à trois, I’m afraid we have to reschedule.”
Castiel didn’t know what Ash was doing in Kansas and not in Massachusetts but he couldn’t say it wasn’t to his fortune.
By the time they were kissing and/or hugging each other good night, Jack’s mood had visibly lifted. He even snickered when Gabriel, an arm draped around Rowena, suggested, “Now, how about some of that mind-blowing sex, hon?”
They might have gotten a little competitive during a ring toss, and when they were neck and neck in getting 10 throws in, Dean leaned forward an inch too close and ended up falling over the stand and making a fool of himself in front of a minor audience.
“We wanted to check the crime scene a second time,” supplied Dean, hedging a weirded glance at Castiel. “Took a peek, and when we tried to get out, it was locked.”
don’t wanna be weird, but you might think it’s weird I’m asking this. I just wanna make it perfectly, totally clear, ‘cause I don’t wanna impose or anything—”
The bell rang signaling the end of the period, and Castiel’s students shuffled immediately in their seats, gathering their belongings.
“What did you say before about stopping an apocalypse? About defeating God? You saved the world. A lot. You deserve happiness, and love. You were a poor motherless child who was forced to raise your own brother when you were still a baby yourself. Your father was, and excuse me for my bluntness, an abusive and neglectful parent, yet look at what you did. Dean, Jack and I designed this Heaven with you in mind. You deserve an eternity in paradise for the things you did”.
Gabriel hummed in acknowledgement, still quizzical, as he finished his cupcake, and Castiel saw there was one left in the container. “Rowena’s going to throw a fit when she finds out you finished those cupcakes in one sitting.”
They laid taciturn and comfortable on the wall of the Chamber of History the whole night, save for Dean’s occasional question and Castiel’s new plans for the reconstruction of the entire soul paradigm.
“Alright,” Castiel conceded, turning to his MacBook and saving his file perfunctorily before closing it off and placing it away from their makeshift brunch. But Dean had stolen a second-short glimpse, enough for him to surmise what Castiel had been doing before he arrived.
He offered more cupcakes to the man, but Castiel declined, content with his almost-finished blue-frosted one.
They both looked away from each other, awkward and unsure how they came to such a civil conversation. Dean cleared his throat and saw Castiel’s clean plate. “You know what, I’m gonna order another. You want another one? I’ll get you another one.” His eyes traveled from the table to the waitress, holding his hand up to get her attention.
, he was on his way back to the university to consult with the bane of his existence disguised as a professor about some newly found evidence.
Dean and Dr. Shurley were traipsing to Singer Hall, a building perpendicular to the administrative building, and named after the face of Kansas. They had been to the third floor where the surveillance feed was, and Dean had asked the man in charge, one rotund and crotchety Frank Devereaux, if he had seen anything or anyone suspicious the night the artifact was stolen from the Chamber of History. But as the police report had said, no one had noticed anything because one was in the bathroom and the other must have been focused on other feeds.
Dean groaned as he pulled himself up slightly, willing his head to a doubtful quiescence, crawling to Castiel despite the floor’s precarious swaying. He reached his hand to his back, going around to face the man. “Cas?”
They were still in Wichita, in a small joint called Ervin’s Diner. Dean spotted it on their way out of the city, and like the decent person he was, he made good on his promise to fill Castiel up with burgers.
Jack slammed the car door shut a little harsher than normal after he slid in the shotgun seat, unbothered to even so much as greet Castiel. The older man’s eyebrows knitted into a concerned frown.
Guess he couldn’t really blame if people were starting to talk. Whenever he would visit KU, professors would look at him in perplexity as to why he was always with Castiel.
The woman, Becky, nodded though the chancellor couldn’t see her, and she turned and went out of the office.
“It’s Latin for ‘supernatural,’” elucidated Castiel. “It’s actually a serial but the publisher only agreed to a single book.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “It’s not gonna eat itself.” Castiel sighed in resignation and took the burger in his hands, pausing to smell it first before sinking his teeth into the bun.
After dropping Castiel off this afternoon, he went straight to the Lawrence Police Department to inquire if anyone had come forth with recent information. When he arrived, he was greeted by a suspicious detective, Victor Henriksen, and a suspiciously effervescent secretary, Nancy Fitzgerald.
He sent him a playful wink, then turned his attention to the food, serving his wife first with the mash.
Dean controlled his breathing. “Like, we’re friends, right? I mean, we’ve known each other for more than a month now, and
“Dean! You did it!” Castiel laughed wildly, grabbing Dean by the arm but stopped himself before all-out hugging him. Instead, he gave him an ear-to-ear grin. “That was incredible.”
“I’m sorry to hear about your mom, Cas.” Dean bit his lip as he continued. “Have you told anyone how the quakes affect you?”
“Let me better phrase that. . . How about you stay in my guest room? We can split for the weekly groceries. The rent’s not a problem because the house is mine, and the bills, well, we’ll cross that bridge when we get to it. I think it’s practical, Dean, since we spend so much time together for the case. And you have spent the night on my sofa more than once or twice.”
He replaced his head back onto the solid concrete. “What time is it?” Dean checked his phone before returning it to its previous position, but not before making out that he still had no service. “8:56.”
“Damn it,” he cursed when he tripped over the last step, regaining his stance immediately and staggering through the glass doors, bound for the stairs and valiantly ambling up despite the screech of gravity. When he reached the top that spread to the second floor, he barely gave the Chamber of History a glance as he sprinted to the next flight of stairs that would lead to Castiel’s office.
“Exactly,” Dean breathed, and his eyes flicked to Castiel’s dangerously close lips, and for a mere second he considered throwing caution to the wind—not considering at all, to let the magnetism, the gravity of the man’s doe-eyed gaze pull him to a brink of which he didn’t know the end—but Castiel blinked once, and Dean sharply looked away, and the moment was lost.
“I have fresh ones at the back,” he told him, disappearing and reappearing a moment later. He extended the single stem to Dean, smiling softly. “That’s actually sweet of you, Dean.”
“Hey, Charlie. Just calling to tell you good job on getting the security footage. Keep on cracking,” Dean said to his phone. He was truly grateful for Charlie Bradbury, his associate and friend he met during a case in San Diego where she had attended a convention. Some called it a fluke, but Dean called it destiny. She was like a sister he never wanted.
Castiel had just arrived at his office after an early lecture with freshmen. It always stimulated a rush within him to instigate a passion for philosophy within his students, just like how it was first instigated within him decades ago. And now that the term was nearing its end and finals looming over young minds, there was something worth reminiscing about it.
The taller man visibly bristled. “I am grown up. It’s the people around me that are acting immaturely.”
“What d’ya mean ‘started’ in adulthood? Kids give soul pieces, too, right?” Dean queried, suddenly nervous.
he thought deliriously as he escorted Dean out of the shop, eyes lingering on Dean’s footprints on the sidewalk. He had half a mind to follow where the trail led, but he was pretty sure his heartbeat skipped down 16th Avenue for him.
Dean groaned inwardly. “We need to leave the building, Milton!” Castiel frantically looked around, as if he only just realized that an earthquake was occurring. Instead of answering, he grabbed Dean’s shoulder in return, heaving himself up the top stair and leaning his body to Dean. He seized his forehead and grumbled.
If he had doubts if he was overstepping, they all evaporated once he took in Castiel, who looked positively delighted.
He heard three discrete claps resound in the empty space. “Very intriguing lecture, professor. I’d give it a solid B-minus.”
“Honey, I’m gonna take a shower first. Jenny’s puke stinks. Excuse me.” Bess patted Jenny’s small head before heading to the hall at the right, and Garth moved Jenny’s highchair nearer to the couch.
“And so he had given the consummate sacrifice—the last piece of himself to nature, to save the remaining people in Kansas, because
Gabriel swallowed his food. “You should come over for dinner sometime. That is after I pry her away from gossiping like old ladies with dad and remind her what
Which was irrational, really. Dean didn’t own Castiel. So what if the guy went out, probably with his own friends? It wasn’t his damn business.
He rolled his eyes at that, setting the lamp on the center of the cloth as he plopped back down again. The light gave a soft glow of content, and Dean placed his weight on the palms of his hands by his back, catching his friend’s placid gaze across the blanket.
“Nah, man, I got no beef with Chuck. It’s just that, I don’t know,” he drew a breath. “Kinda hypocritical that his best friend sacrificed himself and he still went on living immortally.”
He opened his mouth to say something, but what erupted was a noise of laughter that both he and Castiel were clutching at each other trying not to double over, the squirrel almost getting dropped.
It wasn’t much of a busy park, so Dean wouldn’t be surprised if he and Castiel were the only ones left by sundown. But for now, it was still occupied with a few people savoring the late afternoon, mostly by the playground with kids and their guardians, some taking their dogs for a walk, and some taking a jog.
“Well, you know what I think would be complementary to a discussion of the Cold War? Ice cream.” He got up from his seat and Jack’s eyes followed him. “Come on. Let’s get your beloved nougat.”
There was a shattering of glass, distant and illusive. Dean almost didn’t hear it over the cries of his baby brother, hugging him tautly by his middle as John and Mary’s fight reverberated overhead like a stereo. Dean tried soothing Sam, but he himself already had tears pooling in the corners of his eyes. How could he help him when he couldn’t even help himself?
He peeked over Castiel’s shoulder to the chaos of a table behind him, opening the flap of his food packaging. “How’s the speech going?”
No, Dean was detrimental to whatever city he situated. He poisoned everything he touched. And Castiel loved Lawrence too much to let the man pave his ruinous path here. It was bad enough that earth had been upset for almost a month now. No, he had to take matters into his own hands.
“It’s not that, I mean—they have their significance, of course. But this is a colossal transfiguration, what with the validation of juvenile soul-giving, and I just. . .” Castiel gave an onerous sigh. “It feels as though I have a foot out of the door, into a universe of which I’m not acquainted with, and it makes me. . .”
In a world where people had roles to fill and responsibilities to shoulder, he was the rough in a diamond mine.
Dean shook his head. “I don’t know.” He glared at the pillar as though it personally offended him. “I don’t know. Maybe. My head still feels like it’s been blended to a salsa, so, I don’t know. Could be.”
And when Dean’s voice rang throughout the space, hyping up the small crowd, he took his seat on the stool and began plucking the notes. Talking, he could make heads turn, but singing?
Castiel deflated at that, his ardor ebbing. “You’re right. I’m sorry,” he said apologetically, head bowing. Dean perceived the genuineness and sighed.
“You’d be surprised,” Castiel commented. “It was easy projecting which of the 83 bars in Lawrence you’d choose to stop by.”
Dean ceased his ministrations and met Castiel’s eyes. “Well, thanks for the input.” He returned his credit card to his wallet and instead pulled out a felt roll-up, revealing a lock pick set. He removed two and began working on the keyhole.
Dean looked absorbed at the admission, a lightbulb flicking on. “I’m guessing you like purple better?” hedged Dean, and Castiel laughed quietly, nodding.
Dean emerged from the men’s room still excitable and ready to conquer the second hour of their date.
Dean let his head loll to his shoulder, grinning at Castiel from ear-to-ear before sighing and turning nostalgic.
Dean pulled on the black lever persistently, but it wouldn’t turn, only producing a jarring metal noise. “What is the hold up?” asked Castiel, looking over Dean’s shoulder to see what was happening. But Dean only swiveled to gape at the man in mortification.
“We’ll find the soul piece, Dean. I have faith,” Castiel had whispered to him that night, and he recalled Dean’s warm eyes gazing into him in hope.
There was a large set of couches in the middle with a glass table, also highlighted with grey and gold, and a desk in the north, complete with a swivel chair facing the wall opposite, where a humongous painting of a family hung. The portrait composed of five figures.
Tapping his index finger agitatedly on the spacebar of his laptop, not quite pushing it, Castiel chased the next words that seemed to elude him purposely.
Dean halted chewing, swallowing his masticated burger, and keeping a steady survey of Castiel. “You feel like all your other speeches didn’t?”
They stayed there for what felt like hours—with Dean trying to temper his and Castiel’s pain, until the haphazard oscillation of the floor subsided and eventually came to a halt. The moment it did, Castiel stirred in his position, surfacing into recognition. His palms withdrew from his face, finding the place dark with only sparse lighting enabling him to see that he was still in the Chamber of History. When he detected wetness on his palms, he hurriedly wiped his face before it dawned on him that he was laying on someone.
“It’s in here somewhere,” he said as he began to pick the photos by pile and spreading them all over the floor for a better view. It was then that Jenny started bawling.
They turned to leave after saying their goodbyes, but the chancellor caught the end of Dean’s sleeve at the last second. “He’s not that bad once you warm up to him, Dean.”
Dean had woken up first, then. Standing up, Castiel made his way to the bathroom for a quick brushing of teeth and washing of face. After which, he left his room and ambled to the hallway.
“Didn’t you eat something this morning?” Castiel asked as he closed the passenger’s door. “I did. Still hungry. Perpetually hungry.” Castiel rolled his eyes at that, and Dean stopped him by the pavement. “Wait. Don’t tell me you haven’t eaten anything today?”
“Don’t pretend you don’t like my cooking, Cas.” Dean chortled, grabbing a stool from across the counter and seating himself in front of Castiel.
They had seemed to be fairly good people, and Castiel was glad that Jack found friends he could rely on. “Yes,” Jack confirmed. “They’re coming, too. We’d be perfectly safe.”
Dean instructed her to find missing surveillance footage of a university because he had been informed that the feed had been taken rather than deleted. Charlie had confirmed as much when she accessed the KU’s database and found encrypted files deeply buried. Someone went to a lot of trouble ensuring that whatever it was remained hidden.
Doesn’t matter that no one was gonna love him, what with his dissident opinions and acerbic personality. He could manage.
When Castiel emerged from his home, Dean, clammy hands on the wheel of his Impala and eyes trained on the front door of Castiel’s house, couldn’t smother the gasp that escaped him.
“I got it!” Garth exclaimed, jumping up to his feet, lips still pulled into a smile as he took sight of Jenny and Castiel. “Look who found a new friend.”
He gulped. “Uhm. Well, lately I’ve been tinkering in the development of the soul in the human lifespan. You’d think we’d know by now the works and makings of a soul, but really, we haven’t scratched the surface. I estimate only 10% of all soul knowledge to be deciphered, and I do believe the study of its maturation could be a fundamental element.”
Dean was surprised, and maybe a little pleased because Castiel’s peek at him conveyed that he was thinking about Dean’s words last night.
"Easier not to feel anything at all, then you wouldn't have to feel like this." I got this quote from
He was interrupted when Dean fished out an opaque container from the basket, unmistakably filled with greens and reds.
“Right,” Dean nods awkwardly, unsure of how to proceed. The chancellor’s behavior was really putting a damper on his usual devilishly smooth charm.
Dr. Shurley sighed and placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “People, this is Agent Dean Smith. He’s FBI. While he’s here, I expect nothing less than your full cooperation in finding our lost artifact.” The chancellor’s croaky voice reverberated in the hall, just as Dean weakly presented his badge, and the doctor vaguely gestured to the lonesome pedestal where a small, velvet pillow rested, its middle depressed as though something circular made its home there.
Dean parked the Impala at the bar that was sandwiched between KU and the motel he was staying at. It was dark. He needed a drink. He needed to have his drink.
When the bells chimed again that day, he surely didn’t expect that he would be greeted by a wolfish grin that had haunted him the night before and the night before that.
Only the motorcycle wasn’t a motorcycle anymore. It had transformed into a hospital mattress, and Dean was no longer sprawled against metal, but against his best friend on his deathbed.
The woman smiled slyly, twirling her glass in her hand. “But did you find any other indication that it was stolen? Forced entry? Tripped alarms?”
Dr. Shurley nudged Dean out of his thoughts. “Once we get to the Chamber of History, I can give you time to peruse around and make your observations.”
“He’s not anymore,” Castiel said immediately. “He was, but it took him a while to find his soulmate. Charlotte Shurley. I introduced them actually. But they’ve Soulshifted and Dr. Shurley appears like an 80-year-old geriatric now.” Castiel was oblivious to his rambling. Dean found it. . . Amusing? Nettling? He went with nettling.
“You’ll feel lighter if you let go of what’s holding you back. Whether you choose now or another time, I will be there, Dean. You’re not alone in this. I am by your side when you need me.”
“The surveillance, yes,” he said acridly, “I can see how that would make me seem guilty; roaming the building within the hour it was stolen—”
“Then how come the soul piece was so easily stolen, huh!” he rebuked, a familiar steam traveling in his veins.
“How did you do it, Dean?” Castiel let his curiosity take hold of him. “Was it not as intense as mine, that you had the strength to climb up the staircase to find me?”
“Please, call me Garth.” He waved his hand dismissively with a smile. “Here.” He stood up and went to the cabinets behind the couch, retrieving a cardboard box with both of his hands. He placed it on the coffee table and took off the lid, revealing a shit-ton of random old pictures juxtaposed against each other.
It suddenly dawned to Castiel the effort Dean exerted for this picnic—the sandwiches varied from salami, to pulled pork, to grilled cheese. And then Dean also had potato salad. It was nothing fancy, but it didn’t make it less special.
Not many people were present, only a couple seated at a table, a lone man by the counter, and a bartender behind the worktop. Dean was on his way to a stool when he stopped dead in his tracks, because behind the lone man, a tan overcoat hung on his chair that could have only been brought about by fate.
“Uh, can you tell me about your background here in the university? How long have you been teaching here?”
He shook his head in reply. “It’s not that, Cas. It’s—” Sighing, Dean rubbed his face with his hand, unable to continue.
—to prepare breakfast for both of them, but give him a break. The last time he attempted breakfast was in the last millennium. Fortunately, Dean had woken up from the clang of the frying pan when Castiel had dropped it, and he saved him from further humiliation.
He gave Dean a melancholy smile. “I’m not entirely sure. My father died when I was still a toddler, and then my mother followed, having been diagnosed with leukaemia when I was attending university as a journalism major.”
Castiel nodded imperceptibly. “But you managed it visibly better than me. You charged in a trembling building for me.” His eyes widened weakly at his own words. “I mean—what I meant was—you saved me. I mean you tried to save me. You went for me. You helped—me.” Castiel grew panicky at his failure to find proper, non-dramatic words to convey his message, but Dean only chuckled.
It wasn’t as if he didn’t want to stay with Castiel, but he knew himself. And though his heart had grown cold and detached for the last few decades, he would recognize this furtive chord anywhere; it bloomed in his chest whenever Castiel was within arm's reach, and whenever he wasn’t, Dean unconsciously searched for the familiar blue gaze and longed for the warm smile that he imagined was reserved for him; the lull, the placidity, like a flower blossoming in spring after several bouts of harsh winter. The sheer
The sound was warm to Dean’s ears, and he felt his breath catch at the simplicity of their happenstance, until Castiel calmed but kept his smile on.
“Trust me.” Castiel kept himself leveled, but conveyed enough reassurance. Dean did trust Castiel, but he was wordless; he closed his eyes when his friend stopped and killed the engine.
Jack’s childhood was spent in a roundabout from The Shurley’s, to Gabriel’s, to Castiel’s. They never let Jack feel alone and unloved, and eventually he learned to accept that his father was never going to look at him straight in the eye.
Eventually, Castiel acceded. His head slumped a little, as he rose to his knees and meandered haphazardly beside Dean, descending with an ‘oomph,’ as Dean stationed his phone upright to his other side. Castiel breathed a sigh of enervation and crossed his hands by his stomach, and Dean thought
He wanted to hurl after that. But Gabriel had hugged him so tightly he could feel the gratitude seep to his bones that he couldn’t find it in him to be his old, cynical self for the rest of the night.
Dean held the man’s eyes, suffused only with understanding and tenderness. He was almost tempted to break away from it if not for the sheer guilelessness of his expression.
And as if on cue, there was a knock on his office door. He stopped pacing defeatedly and placed his fists on his desk, head slumped.
Castiel’s eyes lifted from where they were glued to his reading materials, his head and body rising uprightly along.
“I don’t know what you mean, Charles,” he whispered back, wishing to a higher power that Dean couldn’t hear their bickering as he surveyed the rows of pots.
Castiel fully expected the ‘67 Impala waiting for Dean. When the man slid in the driver’s seat, he glided his hand across the dashboard appreciatively, saying to Castiel, “This is Baby. Had her the week she was born.”
The royal blue shirt punctuated his insanely blue eyes, his khakis showing off his runner’s legs—which Dean definitely did not rake his eyes upon—and a pair of shades hung casually on the pocket of his shorts like he didn’t even try.
Spotting Jack’s collar that went off-kilter from the hug, she fixed it with both hands, bopping her finger on his nose after. Jack’s lips gave a valiant twitch. “I missed you, too, Aunt Rowena.”
A few surreptitious glances here and there, and a lot of courage-garnering before he could introduce himself to the older boy, they finally fell into an easy conversation. One with more laughter and stomach-clutching than normal in an exchange with someone you just met; more shoulder-grabbing and gazing longer than average.
Dean was confounded. “The security footage in between the theft was stolen; the last surveillance is it being in the frame and the next hour, it was gone. That hour of footage was gone. The perp was covering his tracks.”
Castiel shook his head at him. “I’m not saying that, because you can’t. We can’t change the past, what you’ve done.” He paused to give him an empathic look before saying— “But Dean, if you desire it, you
The young man pondered at Castiel’s suggestion, caught between wanting to see more interaction between Castiel and Dean, maybe become a witness to their budding romance, if his Uncle Gabe was right.
“I’ve known Chuck for longer,” he said, halfway through his meal. He indistinctly noticed how open his speech with Dean was. “I owe everything to him. He introduced me to Philosophy and taught me everything I know. He’s the reason I’m the man I am now.”
Dean nodded frenetically, licking his lips. “I just want to let you know, Cas. Remember that day you told me, ‘Whoever they are, they’re lucky?’” Castiel gave a slow nod. “Well, no one’s lucky. I mean—I just mean there’s no one. If that’s what you meant. I’m not seeing anyone. I don’t want to.”
Gabriel shrugged. “I figured that if this has the FBI concerned, well, let’s just say it has me concerned.”
“I admit she was challenging at first, but I think we came to an agreement at the end.” Castiel let the words slip out of his mouth before he realized that Garth was talking about Jenny. “I mean—”
Over the course of the next few weeks, Castiel was not any closer to getting over his stupid crush on Dean Winchester. Yes, he finally got green eyes’ last name by his sixth visit. He also discovered that Dean was a budding musician during the seventh, when he entered Eden’s Garden with a guitar case slung over his shoulder.
As Castiel devoured the last bite, he pulled a napkin from the tissue box and wiped his hands, subsequently offering some to Gabriel who took two graciously.
He paid for a round, taking the lengthy mallet into his hand and stretching his fingers around it purposefully. Positioning himself a good distance from the pad, he wiggled his hips a bit, giving Castiel a nice view of his ass.
The doctor shut the car door when he got out and locked it with a press of a button. He saw Dean ambling towards him as he pocketed his key.
“Well, let’s hope we’re still alive by then.” Dean laughed, an attempt at humor, but it only sounded sardonic, and Castiel pulled a face in remembering their car argument.
Settled with Castiel and Dean seated across each other, Dean’s mood had lifted by the time they began ascension. Castiel settled the plush beside him then ripped open the plastic bag.
Shaking his head with a sigh, he capitulated. “Yes, he got back from headquarters this morning. He’s fine. He was told to keep on the case no matter how long it takes,” Castiel fibbed. He didn’t like lying, he never did, but they had to deflect any suspicion.
“It was horrible, actually. A bigger pain in my ass than you,” he chided with a smile, before it fell into a frown. “Saw some things I haven’t thought about in years. Things I thought weren’t real anymore because of how long ago they were.” Dean grimaced. “Boy, was I wrong.”
“I’m sorry, Cassie—I didn’t know—I didn’t mean to—I would never—” Castiel interrupted him with a hand on his shoulder because he looked like he was on the verge of tearing up. He casted him a moderating look, a soft concern overcoming him.
“What are you doing?” she had asked. The taller boy had given her a gummy smile. “What does it look like?”
“Sorry ‘bout that. Dean Smith, FBI.” Dean showed his counterfeit badge his friend and cohort Charlie made him to the doctor, getting a raised brow in reply. “It’s fine, but what’s a fed doing here in our fine institution?”
They fell quiet for a moment, and it was Dean who broke the hush. “So. . .” he trailed off, interrupting Castiel’s fidgeting with the hem of his trench. “Got any ideas why nature’s trying to kill us?”
Gabriel took another cupcake. “No, I just told him the footage was taken and not erased. I left him to do the legwork.”
Kevin was taken aback, eyes wide. “Mr. Tran, good work on your last essay. I particularly enjoyed the part where you contend the dilemma of determinism with meliorism in the human condition.”
“Just now, actually.” Dean traipsed the space to the wooden chair by Castiel’s desk, tempering his grin with a bite to his cheek, setting down the package beside his laptop before reaching in and pulling the two food boxes out. “Dropped by the Roadhouse. Ellen was looking for ya.”
He’d have probably endured it, arched over at the corner of Singer Hall, murmuring “shit, shit, shit’s” under his breath, and so close to giving up to gravity and the severe spinning in his cranium.
He’d scored a lotto with them, really, because not only were they conscientious workers, but they also became fast friends (despite the age gap with Kevin), and Charlie may or may have not crashed at Castiel’s a few times over the course of her current employment.
“Oh,” Castiel voiced, hoping he didn’t sound anxious. “He told me whilst coordinating about soul topics. He thinks it might help him find whoever pilfered the Silver Fragment.”
Dean was caught off guard in the sudden shift in mood, hurrying to complete the tab and scrambled to follow the man already out the door.
At first, it wouldn’t seem as though he’s the perfect fit for the recalcitrant Castiel. But he was also as recalcitrant as they came.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief as Mike growled at Gabriel’s shouts. She stood up and answered the phone. “What?”
That gave Dean an idea who the burglar could be—either extremely smart or extremely wealthy, to have the footage deleted that quickly and cleanly.
He turned heel to hide what could only be his burning cheeks, and lead them to the other side of the shop, where rows of tall black pots sat on stacked wooden crates. Castiel gestured to them awkwardly.
Dean was confused from hell to back. He couldn’t find the words to reply, his mouth working, but the older man rolled his eyes as though Dean was the most idiotic person he’d ever met.
Dean offered his hand to Castiel, and he took it without further second thought, following him to the building, to the basement parking where Castiel laid his eyes on a sleek Impala that looked as though Dean birthed it—or maybe the other way around. Either way, it definitely fitted Dean like a glove.
Castiel’s phone blared noisily from where it was lying on his unkempt bed, Asia’s familiar tune priming him for what he knew was going to be his best friend’s inevitable teasing.
“Yeah, on the fourth of July. Kind of cheesy, I know, but I took Sammy on a July 4th once, and it was pretty fun. If you’re not busy, o’course, wouldn’t wanna get your speech held up if you—”
Staring at the ceiling through a half-lidded gaze, he deliberated today’s agenda, and found himself smiling. His address was practically finished except for a few tweaks here and there, so maybe he’ll do the laundry today with Dean before—
“Hey,” he greeted cheerfully, meeting Castiel in the middle of the left aisle. The man tilted his head, and Castiel was once again dumbfounded, as the green drew to Castiel’s right chest with a smile. “Castiel.”
One Saturday night, he went to the next-door neighborhood’s bar where Dean would be performing. Because he absolutely did not search for ‘Dean Winchester’ in Google to find out where he’s scheduled to appear in front of a spectacle. Arriving, he made sure to loiter somewhere inconspicuous, because as much as he’d love to talk to Dean, it would be better for his health not to. Probably.
“Take it easy, Cas. Don’t hurt yourself.” Though there was no heat in his words, and Castiel took them as such, ignoring the way the nickname slid smoothly from Dean’s lips.
“And a cook. Ohh, she makes one mean pot pie,” Gabriel moaned. “I’m salivating already just thinking about it.”
“You know, I’m really not. It’s just that this is my first time on a Ferris wheel and I didn’t foresee that it would be this. . . wobbly.”
Dean stood up and took a skeptical step forward, startling Castiel. “I don’t mean to impose, but can I—?” He gestures to Jenny. “I used to babysit a lot.”
Seriously, if this was Gabriel or Balthazar again intent on screwing his morning further because they knew Castiel had been working on his keynote address for the past week, he was going to rip th—
Lisa had stood and beelined to the sharpener attached to the classroom’s wall and began grinding the lower half of the pencil in the small orifice. When she had finished, she returned to her desk and gave the round-eyed boy the diminutive but newly-sharpened Faber, closing it around his fingers.
The man didn’t hide the surprise in his inspirited eyes. “Yeah? You gonna top my July 4th affair, huh?”
“You may call me Cas,” he offered in what he hoped was a professional tone. “Thank you and have a good day, mister. . .”
“Garth Fitzgerald IV. Born 1983 in Missouri. His maternal great-great-great uncle is Bobby. Mother died when he was 10 years old. Married and a father of one, currently residing in Wichita.”
Dean shot him a smile, as Castiel told him, “I, uh, got this, Kev. Can you double-check the new delivery?”
The phone dropped back on the mattress as Castiel went back to self-consciously observing his outfit on the mirror.
“So stingy.” Castiel rolled his eyes fondly, returning his meal to the table with Dean grabbling for the fries and popping them immediately to his mouth. He kind of resembled a munching squirrel, full of nuts on either cheek.
Dean was still in Professor Milton’s office. They had a truce that they would stop trying to drive each other crazy and out of town, and Dean had fought that if Castiel, an immortal, was experiencing weird stuff during earthquakes and around soul artifacts, and he had been, too, then he was probably involved just as much. It vexed Castiel that it made a lick of sense. So he had swallowed his pride and now, they were busy studying the Silver Fragment, if there was anyone in history who had bad blood with it.
“What are you working on these days, then, professor?” Castiel scrutinized Dean’s tone, wondering if he was asking out of authenticity or if he was merely looking for ways to pass the time. He hedged a glance at him, studying his expression and found nothing but openness.
Dean heaved large breaths, awed at how he could control his limbs again, getting a feel of his hands and toes. He sat up on his bed cautiously, as though he would revert any moment, before breaking into a disbelieving laugh, an odd sort of radiance painting his cheeks.
Dean cried out as the persistent throbbing violated him like a promise of torture, a sinister voice telling him how he failed as a child, as a friend, as a
“I never said I disliked your cooking. I merely implied that you should cook something healthier.” Nevertheless, he swiped a piece of hash brown and took a bite.
“Jenny already likes you,” Garth said fondly, gazing at his daughter before turning back to Dean. “And yes, that I am. Any progress finding Uncle Bobby’s soul piece?”
“You can call me Dean, Jack. It’s okay.” It was, if his tagging along their almost weekly ice cream engagements was any indication.
In an instant, both of their expressions fell into one of trepidation. “I think you both realize the superficial reason.”
That night was probably the most he’d talked with Mike again this century, as they weren’t particularly close. But she had been always within vicinity that time, considering the enormity of the Shurley residence, even introducing her stepson, Adam Milligan, to Dean. Adam had been gone before the dinner ended though, as usual, Castiel noted.
“Becky, I told you I’m not seeing anyone until further notice.” The decrepit voice came from behind the desk, seated on the chair.
Lucifer swore he just forgot to suit up. But they worked it out because when Kelly told Lucifer the news, they actually, believe it or not, Soulshifted. Everyone was astounded. They had thought that they would be having another immortal in their hands, but because of Kelly Kline, that nightmare could be finally put to sleep. And Lucifer was placated during those nine months—happy even. He had a soulmate who he married a month after Gabriel’s, and a son on the way. All were delighted that Lucifer had left his more than unpleasant attitude behind.
Castiel heard a clunk of porcelain on marble by the top of his head. He opened his eyes and peered upward to see a steaming cup of coffee that immediately hit his nostrils, offered by a smirking Dean.
Dean let his shaking head fall back against the vibrating concrete, biting his quivering lip and unable to permit the tears to slip.
Dean Winchester was the amalgamation of every single thing Castiel had ever looked down on. Selfish. Egotistical. Rotten. A fake. It was pathetic. He wasn’t boring for most people but Castiel found himself indifferent in the face of Dean’s long and extensive résumé.
“Well, I am their oldest professor. And probably the oldest person they know. Aside from the chancellor, of course,” he answered, careful to watch his step.
Imagine the uproar when Jack, graduating from high school, decided he wanted to become a History major. Lucifer was vying for him to follow his footsteps as a mathematician. He had always looked down on anything other than his own profession. But Jack’s heart was set on it, just as how his family taught him to follow his passion.
He frowned at the man’s words and stalked to him, passing by the nooks of the museum, every inch closer a stark contrast to the prior luminescence that lit up Bobby Singer’s portrait like a focus spotlight.
Eye on the prize, Dean struck it hard and audacious. A red light traveled fast up the shaft of the machine, but it missed the mark by barely two notches.
“Are you purposely avoiding your old home? Have you not seen nor visited it since 1940? What about your parents? Did you never visit them since you left?”
Dean had been stuck in place, arms by his sides, unable to move. Cassie must had noticed his stiffness and let go of the boy’s body to look at him. When she looked at him, his eyebrows were raised but eyes twinkling. She beamed at him. “Thanks, Dean.”
“Professor Carroll. FBI Agent Smith.” Dean showed his badge. Dr. Carroll’s brows rose slightly, and the Dean missed the microexpression as he tucked the badge back into his suit.
“Milton!” called Dean, halfway up the steps, but Castiel still failed to hear. His eyes were screwed shut, and arms wrapped on the baluster the only thing keeping him from plummeting down the stairs.
He gave a slight smile, hands linked on the table. “What I mean is that I was unsure whether the Silver Fragment theft merits the FBI’s attention.”
Castiel was careful not to further frustrate the man. “Dean, this is the Chamber of History. Did you really think it would be that easy to pick its lock?”
“Only the History Department and Philosophy Department reside in Singer Hall. The offices are mostly on the third floor and above. The Chamber of History is on the second.”
But like all things, their drive came to a stop when they reached the small, open parking of Deerfield. Exiting the Impala, they made traversed the concrete walkway, but Castiel made a pitstop when they passed the flower bed that he had grown to love over the past month.
Castiel looked at him carefully. “Just because I had a lot to say about it doesn’t mean I liked it.”
“You clarified that I wasn’t your ‘type,’” Castiel said using air quotes. “But you also stated that your type is intolerable people. Do you mean to tell me that after this time, you’ve come to find me tolerable?”
It had given him an ominous feeling that he couldn’t shake, and it wasn’t helping that it kept popping up around him; first in that bar, second in the motel room he stayed at, third in the morning paper, fourth when a victim in the murder he was investigating asked him if he had heard of it, fifth when the cashier at the gas station convenience store told him to take care if he was headed to Kansas—and now in the intuitive radio inside his Impala.
“Alright,” snapped Castiel. “You’ve reached your daily snark limit. Goodbye and have a terrific fourth of July.”
More importantly, Castiel got the 10th ring in and won a plush cat, beige-colored with blue eyes (the operator might have been onto something). And Dean earned the title of
She blinked. “Right. Of course. Let me just. . .” She worked in her seat, checking her desk before closing her laptop and standing up, still seeming out of it. She led Dean to the door to the left, where a golden plaque rested on the middle, inscribed with
“Is there no one that you confide in, Dean? Someone you keep in contact with if anything adverse happens?” He didn’t mean for it to sound condescending. He winced at his words, but Dean seemed to understand.
Castiel guffawed scornfully. “Are you expecting me to believe that you loved any of them? After leaving them once you got what you came for?”
Dean wanted to ask himself when a tentative friendship evolved into a gut-wrenching sensation whenever he saw Castiel, but he knew he didn’t have the answer to it. All he knew was that with every passing moment, learning who Castiel was inside and out felt like tumbling into an abyss which had no end—and he’d gladly fall forever.
But when Charlie had begun decrypting the first file—the first of six—she gave Dean the file through email within 15 minutes.
He had been grumbling all the way from when Dean unspokenly dropped him off at Singer Hall and drove away in a streak, to when he arrived at the third floor. So when Jack spotted Castiel as he was about to knock on his office door, he arched his eyebrow quizzically. “Who are you talking to?”
“You’re not a burden, Dean.” Castiel smiled easily, as though he had all the answers in the world. “You’re my friend.”
“I don’t know what to do, Cas,” he whispered, and Castiel exerted a comforting pressure again, grounding him.
Then he was gone, only the peals of the bell proving to Castiel that it wasn’t a hallucination. A vivid, gorgeous hallucination.
He propelled up the stairs to the building as he held onto the rails, the blistering vertigo somewhat tolerable, but only waiting for Dean to slip and lose control in order to take hold of him again.
Garth extended a single, wrinkly photograph to Dean. “It’s just the one.” Castiel peered as Dean took it, and saw an old black-and-white image so old that it would fit in a museum. It could, actually.
“What he means to say is that, were there any stories that you were told about anything related to Bobby or things soul? Something that could help us know if there are people out there who had grudges or whatnot? Anything ring a bell?”
Dean smiled, appreciating the honesty. “Understandable. People are scared of what they don’t understand,” he acknowledged, leaning over the table to scoot closer to Castiel.
And with a stretched-out resonance in his ears, pop came his hold, Dean gave a loud gasp on his bed, and Benny’s knuckle-white grip loosened sadly.
Castiel could try, but Dean wasn’t going to let anyone, even an immortal, to tell him what to do. He came for the Silver Fragment case, and he won’t be leaving until he’d solved it.
“Hello, Rowena,” Castiel greeted, returning the embrace as best as he could. When Rowena released them, she was wearing her signature smirk-smile.
Before he knew it, his feet had carried him out the door of his bedroom, but not without stealing a last glance at his reflection.
Castiel roughly sank back into his seat and gripped the door panel at the acceleration Dean engendered on the gas pedal. They were definitely way past the highway speed limit.
“Gabe, she lives with you. Technically her time is spent more with you than any other person.” Gabriel rolled his eyes. “Thanks for the input.”
But how he felt when he had first laid eyes on the fraudulent FBI Agent, well, let’s just say he had been shuddering.
The man’s head turned over, battling whether or not to disclose such personal information about himself. Nobody really knew much about him, why he does what he does. Not even Charlie. But something so enticing about Castiel made Dean want to pour his soul—figuratively, of course—onto the man and let it run like a waterfall.
Castiel felt some tension release from his shoulders, stopping by the top of the stairs. “Jack,” he smiled warmly, then walked forwards to catch his shoulder. “Uh, no one. I was talking to myself.”
The effect was instantaneous. Suddenly, the tiny boy had frozen and goosebumps appeared all over his body. The stirring inside him couldn’t be pinpointed to exactly one location, but rather it could be felt all over all at once. A shock of electricity went up from his hands to his forearms, kind of like how it would feel if you brushed arms with another person, but a little more intensified.
