Stark tapped on his phone, as if Bucky was just some guy riding the elevator with him.
"Hey, get away from that guy, Steve. He's a bum," Tony called out, swimming over with a smirk.
Steve lounged forward and wrapped his arms around the merman. Tony stiffened but relaxed and returned the embrace.
Bucky darted towards him, and Tony easily swam away and hid behind Steve. "I've seen you get your tail caught in some coral once."
"I always have great ones," she corrected.
Bucky blinked.
"I, well. Yes," Steve stammered.
"What? Why?"
The merman smirked. "You're a scavenger, right?"
The dock worker had been tired, waterlogged from the walk in the rain over to the apartment. Steve hadn't needed to read the letter from the ship captain to know what must have happened. The scruffy man said there had been an accident. When a cable snapped, a young boy fell overboard into the rough waves. "Barnes" had dove in after him and helped get him back on the ship, but before he could climb back on-board, a wave knocked him into a fishing cage, trapping his arm. It plummeted into the water and dragged him down with it. By the time they were able to bring it up, Bucky had been gone.
Tony returned to looking through the pile. He picked up the dimes and pennies Steve hadn't realized he'd taken out as well. Tony scowled at them before tossing them over his shoulder and into the water.
Technology was confusing.
Stark idly flipped through the contract once more. "What did Steve have to say about this?"
-------------
By the time Steve wiped the sand out of his eyes, he saw only the flash of the red tail and the merman drove back into the ocean.
Bucky glared, but it wasn't like he was interested in small talk. "I want to know what the fuck you think you're doing." He pulled out the contract and tossed it onto the desk. The paper was slightly crumpled, from Bucky's hands gripping it on the journey over, but Stark didn't seem bothered as he sat behind the desk and smoothed it out.
Steve suddenly remembered what the dock worker had said. "They said you drowned saving a kid."
Tony nodded. "We don't do it often. It needs to be the right conditions, the right time." Tony met Steve's eyes, and the intensity took his breath away. "The right person." Tony reached up, brushing Steve's wayward hair from his forehead. "It usually isn't done with permission. There usually isn't time. When a human is drowning and on the brink of death, a mermaid can give them their gift."
"Maybe." Bucky said, noncommittal because he probably wasn't gonna go, but he didn't like to say no to Steve.
"What happened to your arm?"
Then, a thought struck him. "Hey, I'm just curious. How did you get this number, Steve?"
Steve hesitated, because now that the shock wore off a bit, he could clearly see that the net was bait. The merman said he didn't want to eat him, but there were plenty of stories of mermaids pulling sailors from their ships for some reason. "Why did you come?"
"I'm sorry. I didn't realize how much this bothered you."
"Eh," Tony said with a grin. "Not my style. I like to blast everything in sight."
Steve scrambled over. There were so many! He doubted he'd even be able to carry them all. He took a moment to wonder if he should leave it and bring Bucky back to help.
"Unfortunate, yes," Orzman said, as if agreeing to something Bucky said. "However, this is very easily rectified." He took out a large, expensive-looking pen and offered it to Bucky. "We have rewritten the paperwork to also include a million dollar settlement for any inconvenience."
"Friday the 18th, sir. It is three forty-six in the afternoon."
The elevator didn't open to a horde of armed security guards. It was a harried-looking young man waiting for the elevator, and trying to flip through a binder while holding onto a huge paper coffee cup.
It was a single bright crimson scale that shined gold as he tilted it.
"This thing looks pretty warm," he slurred, leaning in to look at it and sending noxious fumes of alcohol from his breath.
"Really?" Steve sounded amazed, and Tony lamented the fact there were people in the world who didn't know about bluetooth. "I've been trying to listen to more music, but there's so much of it."
They stayed like that for a long silent moment where nothing happened. Steve frowned and squinted at his phone. "Why isn't this working?"
"I don't know. Osborne or something."
Tony offered him the cupcake, and Steve took it. He felt Tony's unwavering eyes on him as he pulled back the wrapper to reveal deep red cake underneath.
Steve's tail thumped louder on the roof, and he grinned, not minding at all. "Coming from a cat, I'd say that's quite the compliment."
Tony pouted, putting his hands over his ears again. He curled his tail out of site. "No!"
The image blurred with movement, revealing Tony leaning against a tree frowning at a tablet while Steve leaned against him smiling at the camera on his phone.
"Thank you, Tony," Steve said, a smile in his voice, before ending the call.
He was practicing swimming around a large spire of rock and seaweed when a body slammed into his own. He squawked and tried to twist away but the two large arms around him wouldn't let go. He was about to start hitting him, when he heard a voice.
Tony turned to Steve. "It took Bucky here a whole week before he could figure out how to keep from swimming upside down."
He heard a hush behind him and arms wrapped around his middle. "It's okay. It's okay, Steve. Just breath normal. I know you're panicking right now. It's scary, but you're okay. I promise. I promise, Steve."
Tony jostled him. "You got it, Cap."
But he couldn't sleep.
Once Steve made it to the elevator, he leaned against the side as it descended to his floor. He hesitated before asking JARVIS, "Is Tony awake?"
"No, I, uh. The line has always been too long," Steve admitted, which sounded silly now that he knew what the place smelled like.
His mama always told him he couldn't rely on charity.
Was it the seventh or eighth that had been eaten by a dinosaur?
Tony grinned, looking back at his tablet again. "I'm proud of you for getting that right."
--------------------------
Steve swallowed. And answered the phone.
The smile Tony gives was hideous with no teeth and crossed eyes.
Steve was actually tempted, wanting to try it all himself, but he only replied, "Would that I could."
"I wish I could see it," Steve murmured.
Steve's brow furrowed.
His hand was engulfed in warmth and the glass disappeared from his hand. He blinked at it before glaring at the ghost. "Give it back."
"There's nothing wrong with being cute!" Jan huffed. "I totally get by on my cuteness. And I hate to break it to you, but you were totally cute even before your new accessories. Right, Steve?" Jan turned to him.
Steve took a bite, and his world stopped. "Oh my god," he moaned.
Steve laughsed and the video shifted away to the trees again before coming back. "That's the smile you wore on the cover of GQ, isn't it?"
Coulson turned the phone towards Steve. He slowly made his way through unlocking it, and opening up the contacts. "You were complaining that people wouldn't give you a chance to do things yourself." Steve wondered if Coulson saw the irony in what he just did. "Over the phone, they can't just do it for you."
Tony was in his workshop when JARVIS lowered his music. "A call from Mr. Raber, sir."
The last was lost in the chaos at the hospital when Tony was rushed into emergency surgery...
"Put more quarters in!" the kid urged as the countdown started to continue.
It wasn't from lack of trying on anyone's part. Steve tried as much as he could before he got frustrated, and anyone helping him was trying to the best of their ability.
Bucky was determined now. He went into his bedroom and changed his pants into the stained jeans he'd worn yesterday. He grabbed the contract, throwing the card in the trash,  and was out the door.
Tony sighed. Okay, he figured he tortured the guy for long enough. "I probably haven't checked mine either," he confessed. Pepper and R&D knew not to email him if it was actually important. "So I assume you want to set this baby up, right?"
Tony had a feeling Steve was taking 'anything' more literally than Tony had really intended. Tony should probably clarify that it could only be computer matters, official consulting hours 8 to 5 every other Thursday. Because if he didn't, who even knows what Steve could be calling him about next. "Yeah. Anything."
Stark nodded. "Right. If you could just give us..." He motioned to Bucky.
The summer seemed to skip autumn, and slid right into winter. This year, Steve was able to buy himself a nice thick coat and some tough boots with the money he got from Tony. Instead of just the junk he could find, Steve started to actually buy Tony somethings. They sometimes cost a little more than Tony gave him, but his eyes lighting up in delight at seeing the few pieces of silverware, the small magnifying glass and the padlock was worth it.
He immediately tensed, looking at the glasses cabinet where a loaded gun was hidden. He felt the fingers on that hand twitch. No one came to their door unannounced. None of their friends knocked like that. Steve wouldn't knock if he had to come back.
Steve cleared his throat, bringing up a hand to cover Tony's. "Yeah?" Steve leaned down, clearly telegraphing his movements. But he stopped. He couldn't read this wrong.
A smile spread across Steve's face. "He probably shouldn't sleep like that all night. It would be bad for his neck and back."
Tony wiggled out of Steve's hold and climbed up the big lion statue to glare down at him from atop its head.
"So I got you stuff." He motioned to the net. "You like this stuff, right?"
"No." Steve sounded like he was wincing. "I'm sorry."
Steve smiled, shaking his head. "Cans don't grow like that. We, other people, grow the food and then put it into the cans."
Steve held it up for Tony to see.
Tony did. He didn't believe him, but he did.
Perhaps he was so used to working with the Commandos. There was never an evac for them. They would raid a Hydra base and then have to trudge back to camp. Steve had always taken the first watch. Sometimes he wouldn't sleep at all, not until they were back at base, where he would be out like a light.
Tony tried to hold back a big belly laugh. His laugh lines deepened, somehow making him look younger.  "You have the video on."
It was a cloudy wet day, one Steve probably shouldn't have been out in. Still, he trudged along the beach, picking up the cans and some scrap metal.
"I was not stuck," Tony said indignantly.
Steve couldn't help but laugh, splashing Tony a little. "Please? I want to know what it's like living in the ocean. Do you guys have houses? Or cities?
"A sign of what?"
The room was a beautiful green, covered in small glowing plants that swayed with the water.  Glass-like stones and other corals covered the walls and ceiling and floor. It all seemed to glitter in the soft light. It was warm, and Steve noticed a hole in the rocky ground where little bubbled danced up to smaller holes in the ceiling.
There were no cans, or other signs of Tony.
Steve bit his lip but continued to stroke the scales on his tail. "It's beautiful. I've never seen anything like it."
Tony tilted his head, pushing the pieces of plate around, putting it back together. "We don't build places, really. But we do live together in colonies. A few miles off shore, past where the seabed dips, there's all kinds of natural coral reefs and caves. We live there."
Stark's eyes darted across the page. He paused bringing his drink half way up before setting it down. His stare intensified as he flipped quickly through the pages.
"You're letting them get to close. You gotta— BLAST THAT ONE!"
-------
Steve closed his eyes. He could easily fall asleep right there for the next month. It hadn't been a particularly difficult battle, but it had been long. Most of their time had been spent wrangling civilians away from the large bouncy balls being shot around Broadway like a pinball machine. If Steve's endurance was tested, he couldn't imagine how Tony ass feeling.
Steve made a sound of surprised recognition. There was the faint sound of fumbling to get the headphones out. "They're missing the part to connect to the tablet."
Steve nodded his head quickly. This was more than enough for him and Bucky for a whole month. He wouldn't have to go out on a ship again, maybe. But it wasn't really his to take...
Dear god. He was using Windows 8.
Instead his chest was a jumble of sparking wires.
The office Stark gestured him into was large, ornate, but looked unused. Bucky wasn't sure if this was Stark's actual office or just someone else's he was appropriating. He probably owned the whole building, he could do whatever he wanted.
Steve shook his head. "No, he needs all the sleep he can get." he felt oddly relieved, knowing that the reason Tony hadn't greeted him had not been because of apathy.
The kid held out his hand, now empty after putting his quarters back in his pocket. "I'm Tony."
Turns out it was all lies.
Tony finally motioned to a smaller cooler case sitting on the counter next to the register. "But all of that is nothing! Nothing compared to my speciality!" He gave a flourish before opening the back and taking out one of the cupcakes on display. It was in a shiny gold wrapper topped with bright red icing and a scattering of gold leaf. He presented it to Steve. "This is the Marvelous Iron Cupcake. My own version of red velvet with a frangipane filling and a honey cream cheese frosting."
"It's not much," Steve admitted. "But I thought you might like some of it."
It was with Erskine that he learned to block out his senses. He did not want to invade others privacy, but he knew that if he did appear in combat, he would not want to be so overwhelmed by the intense emotions of war.
"I remember one time Nat found me staring at you in all your bearded glory. I couldn't look her in the eye without blushing for a week." Tony grinned and brought his other hand up so both could stroke through Steve's beard. "Don't shave it."
Steve gave a begrudging sigh, picturing a cupcake tattoo. He probably didn't have to do it. He had a feeling Tony wouldn't actually force the tattoo on him any more than he would have eaten all his desserts for free. But as Tony said, Steve had integrity. "Where do you want it?"
"Don't worry about it," Steve said. At least it sounded like he had a bit of a smile on his face, so Tony must have said something right. "I'm a, a mutant." The term stumbled off Steve's tongue like he wasn't used to it. Maybe he wasn't.
Tony hummed happily and started picking through it. While he was intent on inspecting everything from a spring to a bent nail, Steve's eyes followed his tail. The large fin waved happily back and forth above the water. It was a beautiful sunny day, and even in the shade of the dock, the scales were bright red and shiny. He still had that scale he'd found in the net, but it was nothing compared to seeing it on Tony.
"Oh no. You're going to name it 'The Best Playlist.' Because that's exactly what I'm going to give you."
"I don't know," he admitted.
He stared at them, eyes wide and mouth open. "Where..." he said faintly.
"Uh," Steve hesitated. "I haven't actually used it yet."
--------------------------
Steve blinked. He fought his knee-jerk reaction. He knew. He knew he wasn't wrong about this. "You love me."
"How do you not know any of this?" Tony demanded much sharper than he intended. Actually he didn't mean to say it at all, but it just slipped out.
Steve grinned at him. "Tony, this is Bucky!"
"You should give me your hand," Steve told him. Tony frowned, but held his hand out. Steve clasped it, surprised by how warm his hand was. He moved their hands up and down a few times.
"Yeah," he said back, his voice like gravel. Clearing his dried out throat hurt. "Yeah. Just a slow morning."
Bucky smirked. "Three weeks. That's all. And we'll be set for the rest of the summer."
"We have to do something about this." Sam finally said.
The screen turned on to a woman at a news desk. "
Tony's eyes followed the movement, his own tongue sticking out a bit to wet his lower lip.
"Tony," Steve laughed.
Steve shook his head, not looking up as he worked at the clasps on Tony's calf.
"I've got to cut this short, Steve. I'm sorry," Tony apologized, and really meant it. "I'm going to include some instructions on how to add the songs to the playlist, and then how to play them."
"Is this my life?" Tony slurred. "I killed you, so I'm going to be haunted by you until I die?"
Steve didn't see Tony a lot, but every time he went down to the cove, there would be a pile of cans waiting for him. Steve didn't think he'd ever had so much money at one time.
How the hell did it... It was perfect. The cake was rich and moist, the filling had flavors bursting on his tongue and the sweet frosting on top complimented everything.
Pepper gave her usual wry smile. "Maybe for a week." She stopped in front of him and gestured to the device. "Your monthly art report, Mr. Stark."
"Putting him through," JARVIS said, apparently deciding it was rude to leave him waiting any longer.
"How are things, Captain?"
"I know what I'm doing!"
Steve rolled his eyes. "I said 'QG' one damn time."
Steve smiled back. "Yes, ma'am."
Some quick typing brought up SHEILD's network, and with a few more commands he was in their tech support. What a damn mess. Tony was tempted to replace the whole system, but refrained. Despite popular belief, he did know how to be conspicuous when he needed to be. He created a new account for Tony the Tech Support, letting JARVIS set up all the information. If anyone with half a brain actually looked at it, it would be obvious it was faked, but Tony didn't feel like putting in all the effort to make it legitimate. He was just helping out some guy who dialed the wrong number. It wasn't like this would become a reoccurring thing.
Stark rolled his eyes. "Stand down. Mr. Barnes is leaving quietly." He gave Hogan a meaningful look before turning to Bucky and holding out his hand.
Tony gave a sad smile. "I'm sorry," he repeated. "I guess we just... We got complacent, right? Whenever we set a date for the wedding, we'd either be halfway around the world or so deep in battle we wouldn't remember until a week later that we missed our own wedding." Tony squeezed his hands again. "I know you don't want to elope, and honestly, neither do I. We just have to wait for the right moment."
"Thank you so much, Tony." Steve's voice was so grateful. But not the usual 'gratefulness' Tony is used to hearing, the fake kind just said in obligation. It was so damn sincere, it struck Tony quiet for a long moment.
"It says I'm not signed up for a 'subscription' but I can get a free trial?" Steve said slowly.
"Steve?"
"Steve." There was that relief again. "Steve R-Raber."
Steve frowned down at his own bowl. He hated to be such a burden, but jobs were scarce, and Steve's long list of conditions made sure he never got any of the steady ones. He knew Bucky didn't like going out on the fishing ships, but it made more money than his job on the docks.
Steve gasped, his chest expanding like he was taking the first full breath of air after being trapped underwater.
Tony frowned. "What?"
Tony hummed in delight. He could never suppress that thrum of excitement, even knowing he was probably facing disappointment once again. He took off his gloves and accepted the offered tablet. "Tell me you've got some good ones today."
Stark gave him a withering look. "What do you think Steve demanded out of this divorce, Barnes? Nothing." He threw his hands up. "He refused anything. He only wanted what he came with because—" Stark stopped. His throat worked as if he was trying to keep something in or out. "Because of his fucking pride."
Steve's face softened,
Bucky sat down, and Orzman did as well. Bucky didn't bother warning him it was the wobbliest chair, watching his pinched face as he tried to steady his seat.
...but the guy just sounded so dejected. Like a little puppy whimpering because it lost its favorite ball. Like everything in this guy's day had just gone so wrong until something finally seemed to be going right when Tony said he would help him, and Tony. Just. Couldn't.
"No, that's the smell of innovation."
It was an easy decision to just give Steve's account a lifetime membership. There. Done.
His hangover would be a fucking doozy tomorrow. He could barely lift his head, instead choosing to rest it on his arm on the penthouse bar.
Gritting his teeth, he reluctantly nodded. He didn't want to admit that he wasn't getting the hang of it, but he he knew nursing a hurt pride wouldn't solve anything.
"Oh. I'm sorry."
"Of course I don't!" Lie.
SHIELD was recruiting the Amish now? "Right. It's just. Unusual." Tony could smell the coffee brewing as soon as he entered the kitchen. He vowed to buy JARVIS as many ponies as he wanted.
Tony rolled his eyes. "I don't enjoy being interrupted by you hooligans." Lie.
He usually played The First Avenger for a quarter a play. He was great at that game. Even with only a few quarters every time, he had the highest score. But...
Everything was telling Bucky to slam the door on the snob's face, but he doubted this was something that could be ignored into going away.
Tony swiped through the pages, not paying much mind to her latest acquisitions, all older pieces. He wondered what Pepper made of his demands for these detailed reports. She probably figured she was humoring one of his many quirks. She didn't know what he was really looking for.
Steve roughly ran his fingers through his hair. "That was my money. It would have bought food for Bucky and I for a whole week."
"What would you suggest?"
"Never thought I'd be thankful for the rain," the man admitted with a leer.
Tony winced. "Yes. Yes, but. More than that. Everything." He gently picked up Steve's hand, splaying his fingers out.
"Humans are strange," Tony repeated. "But smart." He turned and dove back into the water with barely a splash.
"You're not going to eat me, are you?" Steve blurted out.
It was the best sight Steve had ever seen.
There was noise like the phone was being removed from his ear. "The Stark Industries logo is on the back, so I guess a StarkPhone."
"It's hard to grow things in the city," Steve explained. "If it gets canned, it keeps the food from going bad when it gets moved here."
Before Steve could move away, Tony leaned into him. "It's real," he said, his breath ghosting over Steve's lips before brushing them gently with his own.
Bucky glared. "What are you talking about?"
"Music taste is subjective, Tony," Steve said, but he was clearly amused.
Steve smiled. "That sounds nice."
Steve paused. Tony assumed he was trying to figure out if that was an insult or not, but when Steve spoke, his voice was somber and sad. "I can't," he said. "I can't go back home."
Tony grinned. "So, getting back on track..."
"Really?" the merman blinked. "You're pretty tiny for a human."
Steve's gloves creaked slightly as his hands clenched into fists. A mere suspicion was morphing into a sense of all-encompassing dread. "What is it, T'Challa?"
"And if I am?" Bucky shot back. There was no way he was letting this guy anywhere near Stevie without knowing why.
The next time Tony was at the cove, Steve grinned and dumped his pockets onto the beach. Tony didn't waste time pulling himself on his elbows to pick through the items. "What's this?" he asked, his eyes darting over it all.
"This is not a demand for an explanation," T'Challa started. "I do not need nor expect one. But, of course, I offer an open ear should that be you wish."
Steve fiddled with it. "Something like that." He bit his bottom lip.
Steve was starting to feel bad about it. As far as he was concerned, Tony had repaid him with the first net of cans. But when Steve told him he didn't have to keep doing it, Tony would wave his tail dismissively. Tony had no use for the cans, and he was using it was an excuse to clean the seabed of all the trash from the docks.
What Steve ever saw in that traitorous,  egotistical bastard, Bucky never knew.
"Uhm. A lap computer I think."
Bucky frowned. "It's ten in the morning, Stark."
Steve grinned. He knew he probably shouldn't be using his powers like this, especially when no one knew about them, but he was starting to get the hang of Tony's game. "You do. You love being on this team. You love how much you belong here."
"Smell it. You need to fully appreciate it. What does it smell like?" Tony asked.
Bucky looked ahead, gripping his hands into fists. He wondered if Stark was calling for security. Sure it didn't make sense to invite Bucky up just to boot him out again,  but god only knew why Stark even agreed to speak with him. Bucky hadn't even thought about it at the time, not questioning when he was getting what he wanted.
Tony took the phone away from his ear and muted it. "JARVIS, did some guy just ask me how to find The Google?"
Bucky eyed Hogan as he slowly walked around the car.
They'd just finished redesigning the security for the tower when Steve said, "I like working with you, Tony." He opened his senses a bit, trying to pick up as much as he could.
When the elevator doors shut, leaving a very unhappy Hogan in the garage, Stark took off his sunglasses.
Steve laughed. "If this is how you treat all your customers, I'm not surprised by the long lines."
"Alright, alright. You're gonna want to plug it in. Grab the cable from the box."
Steve jerked the joystick to the left, and had a moment of panic that the kid just said that to make him crash, but he narrowly missed a huge whip that came from the right, taking out three cars.
But maybe he'd been so fixated on the past, he let his future slip away.
The kid looked at him like he was crazy before digging into his pocket and offering a whole handful of coins.
"Captain," Okoye smiled. "My king commanded me to bring you to him."
The Nazis were like that. He couldn't feel them through the news reels, but they were the bullies of the world. They destroyed and stole and killed. They were spreading a horrible fog over the world, a resonating fear that sunk into everyone's bones.
Tony had been devastated. Steve had reassured him that it was okay. Steve had gotten that type of ring for that very purpose. It hadn't been worth much either, especially compared to Tony's other accessories, but Steve knew that wasn't the point. He'd bought Tony another the next day.
"I have everything I could ever want." Lie.
Coulson gave Steve a bland smile, a smile Steve came to realize over the last few months was more genuine than it looked. "I think maybe we should try something different," he said. He reached into his inner jacket pocket and put a cell phone down on the table between them.
Tony looked back at Steve. He smirked with a flash of sharp canines before grabbing Steve's hand and pulling him out of the archives.
"I want you to lick the screen—"
He shut the door to undo the chain, then opened it again to let the man in. The man stood awkwardly next to the closed door before following Bucky into the kitchen. Bucky didn't get any threatening vibes off the guy, but he still liked the idea of a gun being nearby.
The man shook his hand, his grip nice and strong. He didn't say anything, and Steve raised an eyebrow. The man glanced at his name tag before rolling his eyes. "Tony, as most people know." He released his grip and clapped his hands together. "Alright. I would suggest one of everything, but I don't suppose you want to spend that much on breakfast. No one likes their coworkers that much."
"Sure. Good luck."
"Of course." Lie. "I could get so much more done." Truth.
"Superheroes aren't supposed to be cute!" Tony whined. "How am I supposed to intimidate anyone like this."
Stark nods and motions for Bucky to sit, which he reluctantly does in one of the chairs in front of the desk. "So, Steve's not in jail or the hospital," Stark said, waving his phone. That must have been what he was doing in the elevator. "You're here to talk. Talk."
"Yes."
Tony Stark. Bucky hadn't actually thought about that asshole in over a year. Never again was too fucking soon.
It was like sharks scenting blood in the water. The group went into a frenzy diving for the coins.
Steve never inhaled a cupcake faster in his life, even as a young boy who rarely got the chance to indulge.
The merman watched him, his head propped up on his hand. "Most humans probably wouldn't have helped me," the merman reminded him. "I've heard about your circus shows and big fish bowls."
Tony took a moment to imagine someone forcibly bending a smartphone in half to put in their pocket. Terrifying. "Then it should have bluetooth."
Steve couldn't stand it. He had to do something about it. So he signed up for the army. Again and again and again.
T'Challa paused, choosing his words. "There was a broadcast made this morning. I felt it best if you saw it as soon as possible." He pointed to the keyboard. "Merely hit this button, and it shall play."
The kid gawked. "No way! You're Cap! You've got the high score on The First Avenger."
Tony stared at him and nodded slowly.
"Finally!"
Steve jumped, breaking out of his daze to look up at the man he hadn't noticed come in. He was handsome with twinkling eyes and dark trimmed facial hair surrounding a smirk. He wore a black shirt with the store logo, partially hidden by smears of flour. His name tag just said "You know who I am."
The group laughed and Steve tried to jerk his arm away, angry. "Get off me." When the man just tightened his grip, Steve wound his arm back and swung.
Tony smirked and thrust out his hand. Steve matched his grin and shook it.
"You gotta keep low and only hit him when he lowers his guard."
Bucky grit his teeth and sat down on the ground next to the doors. Stark was one of the richest men in the world. Bucky was an idiot for thinking he could just waltz right up to his office. The guy may not even be in the country. He should just go home and give the contract to Steve. Let him actually decide what to do with it.
"I know what foots are," Tony said a little defensively.
The lawyer was quick to head out of the door. When he turned to speak, Bucky slammed the door on his face.
The sun was just starting to color the sky orange, but it was already warm. It was going to be a stifling day just like it'd been all month, which was why Steve was up early trudging through the sand, collecting garbage and anything valuable off the shore to exchange for some coins. He never found much, but every bit helped.
Tony had to agree new ears and a tail wasn't even close to the weirdest thing that ever happened at the Academy. Hell, Cap was a full-blown werewolf at one point.
The frustration was clear in Steve's voice. "If you can't even use it than why do they expect me to be able to?"
"Fine," Steve muttered.
"Okay," Steve said, slowly nodding. "It's a deal."
"While lie detection using voice analysis has proven to be unreliable, I would say that he sounds very sincere, sir."
Steve stared at him. This jet black hair that was usually plastered to his head floated around his face like a halo. The fins on his head and tail swayed in the water current. His tail shown and glowed in the plant light.
"Hey, you wanna play Earth's Mightiest Heroes with me?"
Tony glanced up at the phone. A smirk played in on his lips before he exaggerated a pout.
That ring had ended up catching on a piece of machinery and getting cut off as well.
"It's called a foot," Steve supplied, because he wasn't sure what else he should say to the strange merman examining his soles.
The next had been lost in a jungle in Brazil.
Steve glanced down and smiled. He supposed he could live with that.
Steve had gone back the next day, and the next. He wouldn't do much more than peak around the rocks to see if there was anything there before retreating. He wasn't sure what he was hoping to find. He had the scale, which was grounding. Even if it wasn't a merman he saw, there had definitely been something there. And the net had been real. Even with the large hole Steve had cut into it, it still got him a lot of coins. For once, Steve was glad Bucky hadn't been there. He doubted he'd have been able to hide how shaken he had been, and he didn't need Bucky thinking he was crazy.
"I need to talk to you."
Bucky was starting to lose his patience. "What?"
Tony stopped when he saw the flashing notification from JARVIS alerting him that his teleconference with the board was beginning in 15 minutes. He'd normally let them wait, but the meeting was to discuss the new clean energy plan, and he actually cared about this.
Bucky moved his hand like he was about to yell 'hey punk!' but Sam quickly grabbed his arm and brought it back down.
The merman held up his webbed hands. "Okay, okay. You're a big man. I didn't come here to eat you or debate your size, alright?"
Steve shook his head. "I appreciate your king's hospitality, but I'm afraid I can't. There's a Hydra base getting ready to move, and if we don't head out as soon as possible, we may miss them."
With a stop at the dorm, they made it to SHIELD HQ in no time. The ride up in the elevator of was quick. Tony all but threw the blankets and pillows they'd collected on the roof before pouncing on Steve.
When Steve made it through the first ten levels and back to America, the kid who had been watching the whole time was leaning in, looking more invested as Steve started the race levels. Steve wasn't used to anyone watching him play, and it was a little distracting. The kid was so full of energy, jolting at every one of Steve's near misses. It made him anxious, but also so ready to show this kid how good he was.
So much for that.
Steve gave it a once over. He didn't think it looked very special.
With a new coin purse he'd bought a few weeks ago, Steve made his way from the beach and up the docks to go home.
Steve winced. He figured there would be few ways to explain his lack of common knowledge, but this story didn't sit well with him. It felt dishonest, but he couldn't very well tell the truth, could he?
"The plug. It doesn't have one. They're bluetooth. Wireless."
"If it's not too much trouble," Steve said, like Tony was about to beg off it at any moment. Which he really should. Deadlines, paperwork, a teleconference soon...
Steve hesitated. He had trained with the Dora Milaje, and Okoye in particular, that he knew he would not want to provoke them in a fight. Not only that, T'Challa had always been generous to them.
"Maybe Tony would though..." Sam grinned.
--------------------------
The kid groaned. "You got so far, dude. That was awesome."
Jan looked up with a grin. "See?"
For once in Tony's life, he had no idea. He had never used Windows 8, and he sure as fuck never wanted to learn. "You might need to call someone else."
Steve's stomach dropped and his mind raced. He leaned on the console.
"Stark!"
Steve hummed. "It's asking for my Stark log in. That's my email right?"
Steve scrambled over and fell to his knees on the sand. His hand hovered over the seaweed before he carefully started moving it away. His stomach lurched again. The male face he uncovered was pale but handsome, with trimmed facial hair in a peculiar pattern. He uncovered a mess of damp dark hair and a thin neck.
"Is this guy shitting me? Is this some kind of joke?"
The rain was pounding down, and the wind was almost strong enough to knock Steve over. But he still trudged on. He didn't realize where he had been heading until he reached the beach. He almost ran over towards the cove. He scrambled over the rocks, tripping and tearing a hole in his slacks at the knee. He hissed and got back up.  In the cove under the dock, he was at least out of the rain.
"I think it would be best for you to start getting help from someone who doesn't know who you are. Captain America can be an intimidating guy to try and teach."
Turns out Steve was the flighty one.
"Steve." The grin growing on Tony's face was purely fake, and in no way a response to how warm Steve's voice was. He closed the smart watch blueprints and went back into SHIELD's tech support to bring up his fabricated profile. The only activity was the ticket he submitted for Steve the last time they spoke. "How's that tablet treating you?"
He almost didn't bother looking in the cove again, but he dutifully climbed around the rocks and peaked over.
"A tablet?"
Steve relaxed a little. "Thank you. I suppose it is." He turned back to the painting, a sad longing overtaking his festures. "Very beautiful."
Steve covered his face with his hand. "Tony! Please."
"Now, Mr. Rogers." He brought up his briefcase with a creak in his chair. He took a long moment to spin the number lock before opening it.
The man leaned on the counter. "Everything here is delicious, myself included."
Steve blushed, and looked back at the game. It congratulated him being the new 5th highest score. He wished it could be higher, but he was still proud of what he'd done. He nudged the joystick to put in the name he always used. C-A-P.
Stark strolled over to the elevator and pushed the call button, which lit up and immediately opened the doors.
Bucky had been to a few weapon demos, including the one when Steve met Stark. The guy talked big about protecting soldiers and efficiently ending the conflicts.
"I'm not dead," Steve promised, and it made Tony want to cry. "It just took the serum some time to heal me."
"I should toss you into the rain for that," Tony said, cradling the cupcake close.
"Calm down?!" Tony snarled and took his hands down. The black cat ears on the top of his head angled back,  and the black tail poking out of his pants swished in agitation.
So he decided to do his own collecting. Tony was always fascinated by human things. Steve had no idea what Tony would want, but he filled his pockets with all kinds of junk he wouldn't be able to trade in for.
"Beautiful," Tony commented.
Tony made Steve realize that there was more to truths and lies. It was not quite as black and white as he'd thought. There were lies, truths, half truths, half lies. There were horrendous lies that made his skin crawl, about Tony not being good enough. But they were truths. Because Tony believed it. He believed he didn't deserve to be a part of this team.
The next day, posters were plastered everywhere of Steve and Tony with their ears and tails. Tony would have been more bothered except in all the pictures, Steve was looking at Tony with the happiest puppy dog look he could imagine. So maybe Tony wouldn't banish Loki from his cheese fridge for too long.
Steve rolled his eyes. "Is it salty too?"
Tony couldn't remember the last time he'd been this drunk. Sure, the main reason was probably because the last time he'd been this drunk, he'd woken up with no memory of the binge. But he couldn't remember the last time that happened either.
"The team doesn't need me." ...Truth.
"Is that doubt I see?" Tony asked, putting on a scandalized expression.
"So," Tony said as he created a new ticket and submitted a requisition for a StarkPad, "what's a guy like you doing with an organization like SHIELD anyway?"
By the time they were done, the sun was higher, Tony was on his third cup of coffee, and Steve had looked up what he wanted to, which was I Love Lucy strangely enough.
The sixth had been lost on vacation, on a beach while he and Tony were, well, distracted.
Tony quickly finished his instructions and sent the email. He sighed and leaned back. When the meeting started, his mind was only half on the topic, wondering if Steve was listening to music yet.
Steve looked over at the pile. It didn't look like Tony took anything, and Steve couldn't help but be disappointed. He guessed he didn't pick anything good out.
Stark walked over to a wet bar behind the desk and picked up a heavy looking crystal decanter. "Drink?"
"Yeah, sure. Anything you need," he said before thinking about it.
Steve never took bets on tattoos. It was the worst idea in the world, but... Steve took in Tony's twinkling eyes and, well, he also wasn't one to back down a challenge. "Fine."
The streets showed no signs of life this morning, though.
The man was clearly trying not to laugh at him. "I don't think I've seen you in here before."
He stopped, blinked.
"You already damn well know," Steve grumbled, licking the last of the frosting off his thumb.
"Yep. A nice StarkPad."
Sam leaned against the side of the Quinjet. Emotions warred in his chest. He couldn't decide if the tightness he felt was from agitation or fond exasperation.
"Don't worry about it. So, uh." He walked out of his bedroom, rubbing his forehead with enough pressure that he could feel his fingertips leaving indentations in his skin. He couldn't believe he was doing this. "I assume you have the computer on. What kind of computer is it?"
Stark's eyes flitted across the page. "Orzman. Yeah, this is his wording."
"Whoa, hey, hey!" Tony grabbed Steve's hands, which he hadn't realized he'd been flailing. "Where's this coming from?"
Steve shrugged.
The knock repeated, shooting down any hope that it was just someone leaving a takeout menu on the doorknob.
He looked over at the battered armor. If he didn't know better, he'd say the suit was unoccupied and thrown onto the couch like a discarded shirt you were too tired to take to the hamper. "You still in there?"
"Find Connections..." Of course once his headphones were slowly blinking blue and his phone was showing an established connection, there wasn't anything to test them on.
Steve doesn't even listen to the reporter anymore, just waiting.
"What's wrong? Are you okay?" Tony asked into his wet hair.
Steve smirked. "You're call. I'm going to bed." He stood up on sore legs and stepped over his discarded suit to stand behind the couch.
Orzman huffed. "Mr. Rogers, I realize this may be a shock to you, however if you would just sign, you may go back to your," he glanced around trying to hide a grimace, "I'm sure, quite fulfilling life. You will receive the million dollars in the next 5 to 10 business days."
He took it. "Steve."
The fifth was used to jerryrig a cell door open.
"I don't have any experience with your OS. I've never used it before."
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose, something he only did when he was overwhelmed with emotion and irritated at not keeping control. "Right. If you'll excuse me--" He turned away.
Tony hugged him back tightly, burrowing his face in Steve's neck. The fin on the side of his face tickled Steve's own.
--------------------------
"Yep," Tony confirmed. Steve wasn't a dummy. He was quick to follow Tony's instructions, and they seemed to stick in one form or another.
Underneath where the tablet had been was a collection of pamphlets and cords in perfect slots. He flipped through the safety booklet and the manual before settling on the "Quick Start" guide.
Steve woke up to a world where there was more technology than anything Steve or those science fiction writers could imagine. But instead of making things simpler, everything was so much more complicated.
Tony grumbled and rolled back the other way to reach for the phone on the bedside table. He didn't recognize the whole number but he knew that area code was used frequently by SHIELD personnel. Surprisingly enough, it wasn't 666. What did those bureaucratic weasels want now? If this was another call about that damn communication system that they outsourced to the lowest bidder like the government loved to do, he was going to send them a virus that made all their cursors Fury's face with cat ears.
In the middle of the cove was another large net. Thankfully it was filled with cans and metal, not a body.
Tony let out a heavy breath and tightened his arms around him. "I'm sorry, Steve."
Tony let out a heavy breath. It was not a piece he'd ever seen before, but it was familiar all the same.
Tony poured coffee into his favorite mug. He spilled sugar over the counter as he messily scooped a few spoonfuls and stirred. The first taste was too hot but just right. "Well, there was no apple on the back, so it must be a PC. What does the screen look like?"
"As I said," the man started with a forced smile. "I have some matters that I wish to discuss with you. If you would allow me into your... abode, I could explain."
Steve stared at them wide eyed. It had to be two dollars worth of quarters! He wanted to snatch them all and shove them into the machine, but...
Tony was exactly how Steve thought he would be. He was slumped forward with his head resting on his folded arms. His mouth was partly open, letting out a bit of drool.
Steve was silent for a long moment. "People don't normally do this, do they?"
"What the fuck are you talking about?" Bucky was starting to get pissed off. He'd always felt stupid around Stark.
Tony beamed at him. "I can never get past the Zemo level. It always trips me up."
There were so many terms that he started making a list of anything he heard and didn't recognize. Then he asked for a little notebook and pencil to write things down, he might as well have been asking for a stone and chisel if the requisition officer's face was anything to go by.
Tony laughed and gently grabbed his hand, helping him to turn around.
"We both signed the divorce papers, but I blocked it. It was never submitted, so it was never finalized." Before Bucky could say anything, Stark asked again, "Who was the lawyer?"
"I don't remember subscribing to anything," Steve said. He was probably frowning. "You told me not to read the Terms and Policies things. Was that— Oh, it let me in."
Tony took a closer look at his own face, which, at the risk of sounding narcissistic, was very handsome. The love flowing out of his eyes would feel exposing if it wasn't what had kept him going for so many lifetimes. "You must feel truly loved by this man. To paint him so boldly, so carefully."
was left unsaid.
Sam knew why Tony had suddenly appeared before they left, and it wasn't because he wanted to run a last minute diagnostic on the team's new comms. No, this mission was going to be a long one, rooting out Hydra basecamps all over Europe. They'd be lucky if they got back in a month.
Tony's lips met his, his own facial hair brushing against Steve's. Stars burst behind Steve's eyelids. Then all Steve could do was melt.
Tony looked to the water. "What?"
Tony hummed. "That's more like it."
As they bickered back and forth, Steve couldn't help but laugh. He didn't have his 'sea legs' yet, but he'd be swimming soon.
Steve sat up straighter. That made a lot of sense. "Right." He carefully picked up the phone, feeling clumsy with it. He didn't know how people knew how to handle this thing without touching the screen. He held the phone in one hand and used his finger to slowly move through the contacts.
"Oh, thank you, but you didn't have to do that," Steve said, though he did open up the net to look at all the cans.
It wasn't until he stopped thrashing that Steve got a better look. He stared at the tail with wide fins at the end. Even covered in sand, the scales were bright red with a glint of gold. He'd never seen anything so incredible.
There was a sigh that ruffled his hair. "Go to sleep, Tony. I'll be here when you wake up."
He shivered, only now becoming aware of the goosebumps covering his skin. The arm was a dead weight. A hard chunk of metal fused to his shoulder.
"I," Oh no. There was the dejected puppy again. "I was, I was raised Amish. I never really learned any of this stuff."
It was a long mass of seaweed and netting. He couldn't pretend that that was all it was, not with the arm under the rope netting.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony's neck. "Thank you."
Only when he heard the front door close did Bucky finally get up to get dressed. It was Saturday, and he didn't have work, so he put on his thickest sweats and baggiest hoodie. The arm still wasn't responding much, but other than a quick struggle to put it through the sleeve, he didn't have trouble.
There was a sharp knock before the door immediately opened.
"I," Steve started but stopped. He knew where he must be but... how?
When Bucky left early that morning for the ship, Steve walked with him. After getting Bucky's assurances that he would be careful, they parted at the docks and Steve headed to the beach.
"All you need to know is that I'm right, and everyone else is wrong." Tony was going to ignore the laugh that came through the phone. "Tell you what. We'll start up your tablet, it'll take a while to set itself up anyway, and I'll help you connect those to your phone." Tony paused. "Please tell me you aren't using a flip phone. I can't knowingly talk to someone through a flip phone."
“We don’t appear to be on a one to one ratio of time,” Strange said, his voice quiet.  “It’s…  Earlier there.   But yes.  I’m sure he’s tired.  I’m sure he needs to sleep.”  He held out a hand, and a watch formed in his hand, a glittering chain tracing its way back to his vest pocket.  “I’ll check on him.  Before I go back to work.”
Nicholas smiled.  “By the time he died, Phillips was alone.  His family had died off, one after another.  No one was surprised when his uncle passed, he was an old man.  And his brother and one of his nephews died during an epidemic one summer.  Everyone had someone to mourn that year.”
“No body asked you,” he said, scruffing the younger boy and pulling him away from the window.  “Matt, go let ‘em in.”  He braced a hand on the window frame, leaning out over the street.  “Before they break down the door.”
His fingers locked on Darcy’s, squeezing so hard that he must have hurt her, because she grabbed his wrist with her other hand.  He glanced back, the word ‘sorry’ half formed on his lips, and she was running with him now, running full out.  “Go,” she said, through her teeth.  “I can keep up.”
“Well, the hotel room’s in my name, so…”  Harris wiggled his way past a display to find Darcy waiting for them on the other side.  “Where’s DJ?”
"Yes, yes, you're a funny guy, and I'm very easy when it comes to you, which you should know, after all the years we've been friends," Tony said.  He gestured at the room at large with his lousy paper cup of coffee.  "So you should know, I never make things harder than they have to be."
He leaned in.  “The party YOU’RE throwing.”
“Right,” Steve said, with a wry smile. “That-”  He shook his head.  “That's horrible.”  He glanced at Tony, his hands braced on his thighs.  “And the women?”
“Too small.  What does he want?” Her fingers tapped against the wood of the banister, sharp and staccato.  “What does he-”
“I’m sensing some resistance to the idea of there being two Tony Starks being in this universe,” Darcy mused.
“Right,” Bruce said, drawing the word out.  He scribbled a sequence of numbers on a nearby pad, and Tony reached out, slipping it from under his pen.  Bruce gave him a look, and Tony tossed the pad over his shoulder.  It hit something, and he didn’t really care.
“That one's my favorite.”
“Acceptable.” Tony scooped up a cup as he passed the table, never missing a step as he sipped the coffee.  “Chef, DJ requires a jar to hold the things he’s been stealing from me.”
Jarvis smiled.  “Of course, sir,” he said.
“Fancy that,” Pepper said.  “Steve doesn't like your ex.  Your scummy, manipulative, exploitative-”
“No,” Jan said, at the same time Carol said, “Yes.”  They looked at each other.
“No, seriously, what the fuck is happening here?” Trip asked, gesturing at the cat.
DJ considered that, his eyes narrowed.  “A lot of things,” he said at last, and Tony covered his mouth to hide his smile.
“Okay, so we can’t have tacos two nights in a row, buddy.”
“Oh, God, yes,” Darcy said, at the same moment that Tony said, “No.”
Carol patted her gently on the back.  “You ask the impossible of me.”
Steve tossed it back in the box.  “Shut up and eat your dinner, Tony,” he said, his face still red.  But he was laughing, too, his eyes bright.
Tony grabbed the back of DJ's shirt, dragging him to a stop.  DJ leaned forward, his feet kicking at the ground, the candlestick swinging wildly through the air.  “Am I the only one who is sane here?” Tony managed.
"By, what?  Ducking?" Tony asked him, with a wry smile.  "Or just bleeding?"
Ellen tossed it back in the general direction of her inbox.  “But no.  Nothing personal.”  She glared at her computer monitor, where Tony Stark was charming the pants off of a room full of reporters who really should've known better.  “Just Mr. Razzle Dazzle doing his usual softshoe.”
With a pleased sound, Nat rolled to her feet and crossed the room, snagging Tony by the back of the shirt when he attempted to inch his way to the door again.  “Do not make me get the restraints.”
Steve smiled at him.  It almost reached his eyes.  “I'm going to go check in with SHIELD to see how Bruce is doing.”
“You’ll figure it out.  I have faith in you.”
“Rack,” Tony agreed, putting drill bits away into their case.  “A place for everything, and everything in its place, as my father used to say.”  DJ popped up next to him, and Tony handed him an oil can.  “Is Mrs. Parker going to find that nut still in your pocket when she takes your pants to wash them?”
Warnings for canon appropriate violence, non-consensual drugging (in a non sexual situation)
Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it.  “No excuse,” he said, stabbing at the workbench with his fingertip.  “And I’m not certain you’re actually correct about that.”
“Tony, you can-” Steve started, just as Tony flopped onto his back, his hips arching up off the bed so he could shove his pants down over his ass and halfway down his thighs.  That was as far as he got before he gave up, lying half naked on top of the blankets, one arm threw above his head.  He was laughing, low and warm, his eyes closed and his mouth opened.
“Hey, Rogers,” the boy said, giving Steve a gap-toothed grin.  “DJ sent us chocolate, didja know that?”
“We’re handling it,” Strange said, without even looking back in that direction.
“She told me to!”
Tony smiled at DJ, who smiled back, his face relaxing.  “That's a cruel thing to wish on a child,” Tony said.  “And you ought to be ashamed.”
“Yes,” Sam said, and Steve started laughing.
Tony’s head bobbed towards Rhodey.  “Rhodes, you’ll keep an eye on Miss Potts?”
“Yes.  Because someone is always going to come for you,” Iron Man said.  “Always.  First and foremost.  Someone is always coming for you, Deej.  Sometimes it’s me, sometimes it’s Steve.  He did the right thing, and he came to find you, because you are chaos in a vaguely human shaped form, and you need all the help you can get.”
“Did you think to ask him if he knew how to dance?” he asked, all sweetness and light.
“Sure, we do entire wedding parties, frat reunions, sorority weekends, workplace gatherings,” Trip said, rattling them off cheerfully.  “Best friends might be the most common, but we don’t judge.  Want to say your vows or brothership slash sistership slash voluntary siblinghood  to your entire office?  We’re down for it.”  She looked up at him.  “Slight upcharge for more than four people at a time, though.”
By the time dinner rolled around, he'd marshaled the entire household with what Steve was coming to recognize as his customary ruthless efficiency.  While Clint and Natasha put the food together, Jarvis had sent Bruce and Steve across the rolling lawn with planks of wood and sawhorses balanced on their shoulders.  He and May followed, carrying baskets of plates and wine glasses, thick white tablecloths cushioning the delicate crystal.
So.  Thanks to each and every person who struggled through last year with me, even if I don't know you and you don't know me.  Thank you to every person who fought through their own fears and trauma and isolation to survive a year that did its best to kill us all.
“I’m going to Las Vegas,” DJ said, and calm descended for the first time since he’d walked into the Sanctorum today.  He smiled. “I’m going to the Cabal.”
Obie sank into a chair, and it was the one that Steve had sat in last night, and for some reason, Tony resented that.  Obie reached out, picking up a piece from the table, rolling it between his fingertips.  “Tony.”
“Men’s clothes?” Steve asked.  He’d run into it before; New York welcomed all sorts.  He’d never been bothered by it, one way or the other.
Jan gave him a look.  “You would,” she said, sweeping her neat, bobbed hair behind her ear.  She still had the bright, brilliant swirl of a flapper about her, as if the champagne bubbles had taken root in her blood during the twenties and now nothing could shake them loose.  She reached for her notebook, her pencil flicking over the page.  “Like two peas in a pod, you two.”
Tony  grinned at her.  “You can handle this.  I’m useless.”
“I’m understanding that impulse.”  Steve straightened up, walking around the table.  “Why.”
There was a beat of silence.  “No,” DJ said, with a great deal of confidence, and Rhodes had a hand clasped over his mouth, his shoulders shaking with laughter.
“Yeah, the kitchen’s the best room of the house anyway,” Peter said, and DJ hopped down the stairs ahead of him.  Peter glanced back at Steve, a worried look on his face, and Steve gave him a smile.  Peter smiled back, and Steve waited until they were both through the door at the bottom of the stairs before he continued into the main hall.
His voice trailed away, and Tony shifted in his seat.  “And you had to accept that,” he said.  “That there were people who wouldn't understand it, or who resented it.  There were people you were absolutely going to lose over this, and you still had to do it, because it was the best thing for you.  It was the only thing for you.”  Steve's eyes shot to his, and Tony gave him a wry smile before taking a sip of coffee.  “For me, it was getting out of pizza town.  I might've gone the other way, but I think I know what you mean.”
“This feels like an HR violation.”
“Well, let’s just say you’re a new problem, but an amusing one,” Pepper said.  She gave Rhodey a wide eyed, hopeful look.  “James, darling?  Can you-”
He could taste it on his tongue, on his lips, he knew what it would taste like, even though it was no where near his mouth, or maybe it was, it was, it was right in front of him now, but he could taste it, soft and spicy and with the earthly, heavy sweetness of honey, a sweetness that settled in his mouth, that coated his throat, a sweetness that covered something, that hid something, something that swirled in the depths of that cup, something that gleamed with light instead of darkness and something something something
Steve looked down at the apple in his hands.  “No.”  He rolled it over between his fingers.  “I’m here, and I’m still not sure I believe it.”  He held the apple out to her.  “You stayed.”
Steve grinned at him.  “Prove it by never, ever telling anyone I made that.”
“How'd we come to this?” Steve asked Fury.  “This is-”  He stopped, the words catching in his throat.  “This is wrong.”
“SAM was involved?” Steve asked.
Greer smiled, wide and bright.  “They’re for you, actually.”  She held the flowers out to him, and his face went slack.  Before he could muster a response, she kept going.  “I rather like you.  A lot.  And I was wondering if you were free next week for dinner?  I managed to get a reservation at that Indian restaurant you were talking about, and thought you might want to join me?”
She flicked her hand to the side, and the file seemed to pop, armor after armor after amor tumbling out, like a strange, flickering chain of paper dolls.  “And some things that don’t make a single sound.”
“He’d attempt to fix this and in doing so, make it so much worse,” Rhodey said, shaking his head.  “He’s persuasive.  But this is not a situation that requires persuasion.” He rocked back on his heels as Steve climbed to his feet, collecting his bags and throwing his wrapped shield over his shoulder before he held his hand out to DJ.  For a instant, he stilled, looking back over his shoulder at the second floor, and Rhodey sighed.  “Divide and conquer?”
“Nice to know you have standards,” Harris said.  “DJ-”
Steve wished he was wearing a pair of sweatpants that didn’t have a rather unfortunate hole right on the ass.  Trying to be subtle, the pulled his shirt down.  “Uh, morning?” His eyes darted from Jan to Tony and back.  “What’s up?”
“Technically, that only means I don’t get a FREE cookie,” Tony pointed out.  Steve snagged a bottle of water out of the cooler, leaning out the back door to tap it against Tony’s cheek.  His eyes closed, Tony reached up, fumbling with the bottle for a moment before he managed to get a grip on it.  “God bless you, Rogers.”
DJ blinked at him.  “What?”
“No matter what his form, Dummy has always enjoyed assisting others,” Jarvis said.  “That is, after all, the purpose for which he was originally intended, was it not?”
There was a moment of stillness, and then something shifted in the darkness of the room, a shadow that turned towards Peter with a rustle of fabric.  Backlit by the windows, it towered over Peter, a hulking form that should not have been there.
“I thought you were open every day,” Harris said.
It was standing alone and untouched, and barely noticing the first waves that lapped against his toes.  It was watching, perhaps a bit annoyed, as the water rose around his ankles.   It was barely noticing when it hit his knees, because at that point, he was more occupied with keeping his balance as the sands shifted under his feet.  He’d take a step forward, or a step back, trying to find solid ground again, and in the meantime, the water kept rising.
"Ah, do you-"
DJ stared down at his feet.  “I'm lost again,” he said, his voice soft.  “But I'm DJ.  Not Dummy.  And I can't change.  And I know-”  He swallowed, not sure why his own throat fought him.  “I know that I'm lost.  I know I'm trapped.  And I know-”
Tony tapped a fingertip against the crystal face of his watch.  “To the second.”  He leaned back, considering the graceful sweep of the clock’s hand.  “To say that it’s doing better than it was before he took it apart would be accurate, but also damning him with faint praise.  The damn thing was always more decorative than functional.”
“Yes, but we'll catch up eventually.”  He raised his voice.  “Pepper, you like it, don't you?”
“You sure?  Because this looks like it could use something.”  Jesse leaned back, one finger tapping her chin.  “Like pushpins and red string to thread between pictures.”
“No.  I mean.  No.”  She stumbled, but found her balance before he could even turn back towards her.  In the pale light of the glowstick, her face was a sickly green, her eyes huge and luminous.  “No, my parents, they love  me, but...”  Her voice trailed away.
“Even so.” Steve slumped a little lower in the bath, wincing as the water licked against the rim.  “A book with wet hands?”
“Did you find Clint?” Carol asked.
Happy.
Steve glanced back at him, and Tony was staring at him, his face set.  “Come home with us,” he said.  And then, in the silence that followed, he took a deep breath, and another.  “Steve.  Come home.”
Steve had managed to fill the box to the very brim, with no space wasted.  Battered paperbacks with dog eared pages and crisp, new hardcovers with bookmarks tucked between their pages.  There were old library books wrapped in protective plastic, the branch names that had once been stamped along the pages crossed off with black marker, and there mass market paperbacks, their sale stickers still on the covers.  There were classics with sharp, modern covers, and old hardcovers with yellowed, crumbling pages.
“When's the reception?" Jan asked, and Tony looked up, alarm bells going off in his head just a few minutes too late.
“No,” Tony managed, and Obie raised the gun, a sharp, violent motion.
Tony stared down at the file.  "Fuck," he said, but it lacked all heat.  "Stane."
Tony let his head fall back against Steve's shoulder, his feet following along with the steps, the ridiculous, stupid steps.  “Jeans, boots,” he said.  “What part of this is so hard to understand?”
“Right.  I’m…  Sure there’s a waffle under that somewhere,” Tony said, now a bit concerned.  “Should you be eating that?”
Steve propped an arm on the fridge.  "What do you use when you're eating alone?"
The back door opened again, and a man with salt and pepper hair and small, round glasses leaned in.  “We found him?” he asked.  There was an anxious note to his voice, and his eyes met Steve's for only a moment before they jerked away.  His shoulders were hunched beneath his well worn brown shirt, and his hands were stained with the same dirt that caked his boots and the ragged hems of his pants.
Pepper shook her head.  “I didn't say anything, Mr. Stark.”
"I've noticed that," Tony said.  He watched DJ as the boy carefully added fruit to the blender, his tongue sticking out between his lips, one hand braced on the counter to balance himself.  Tony's lips twitched.  "He'll be more useful later.  Right now, Steve won't let us do any welding at all when he's like this.  Something about how very, very flammable he is."
“Don’t worry, I won’t tell her,” Tony said, waving him off.  He cradled the vase in the crook of his arm, his chin up, his smile picture perfect.  “Besides, we can crown the Queen of the Holidays with these.”  He turned that smile on Steve.  “Thanks, I’ll make sure Jan puts them in a place of honor.”
He looked down at her, amused despite himself.  “Thanks a lot,” he said, trying not to smile.
“For an old man, he’s doing a good job of running me ragged,” Tony complained, his head falling back against Steve’s shoulder.
“I wouldn't do that, I got a set of lockpicks, and-”
“Can I see?” Jess asked, and Clint reached for the button of his pants.
He paused, his hand on the doorknob.  "Well, I know everyone, Miss.  But-"  He grinned again, this one wide and bright.  "Bet you mean DJ."
But lacking the armor, he just started walking.   Between the buildings that ringed the SI property, up narrow alleys and across parking lots.  Down to the test ranges, along the length the broad swaths of the tarmac that made up the airstrip and through the dusty side lots.  He walked until he was exhausted, until he was too tired to think, until he found an unattended warehouse on a rather deserted corner of the property.
“Right.  DJ.”  Tony pointed after the boy.  "That's...  DJ.  You've met him before," he said.
Tony’s legs ached.  He locked his knees.  “Yes, sir.”
Everyone froze.  Harris looked at Tony.  His mouth was hanging open, his eyes huge.  “This-” His eyes flicked towards Darcy.  “This seems like-”  She was already shaking her head, her teeth digging into her lower lip.  Harris leaned back against the wall.  “Right.”
“You hit a very, very powerful witch who may or may not be a descendent of the fae with a broom,” one of the Stephen Stranges said.  “If I were you, I would guard my name very carefully at this point.”
Peter stared at him with haunted eyes, and there were tears pouring down his cheeks.  Tony took a breath, and another, trying to steady his racing pulse.  “What do you think, that I would prefer you have been, what, killed, trying to keep him safe?”  Peter’s mouth worked, and Tony leaned in.  “Is that what you think?”
"You always say 'in college' as if you don't think I'll remember that you started college at fourteen and finished it at, what, nineteen?" Steve asked.
“Hey, some of them are general New York history,” Steve said, grinning.  He headed for the sink.  “And I've got other books.”
Tony chomped his way through the toast.  “You want to come to dinner?” he asked Isaiah, gesturing with the crust.  “I can fit you in.  When's good for you?”
“Not close enough,” Tony groused.  He took Steve’s hand and let himself be reeled in.  “Hi,” he said, smiling down at Steve.
“Your favorite?” T’Challa asked, coming up behind her.  She glanced over her shoulder at him, her eyes dancing, and he gave her a mock scowl.  It did not sit naturally on his broad, handsome face. “Are you sure about this?”
“A fine attempt,” Mrs. Parker told him, making a shooing motion at the boys.  “Let’s go, my fine lads, tomorrow’ll be here before you know it.”
Hank leaned back on his stool, his head tipped back.  “Once.  Just once.  I’d like you to control yourself.”
Obie went back to his dinner.  “You joke, but things'll come to a head sooner than you might imagine, Tony.”
"Or scared off by his animal magnetism," Jan agreed.
If Obie had any idea that Tony was doing all of Ty’s work now, he never let on.
“Sometimes,” Val said.  She put down her pliers.  “But mostly for kids with nowhere else to go, right?”
The room erupted in cheers, almost loud enough to drown out the sound of Steve’s pulse pounding in his ears.  His arms were around Tony’s waist, dragging him in, lifting him off the floor. Tony was laughing against his mouth, and Steve was okay with that, Steve was more than okay with that, with the sound and the feel and the taste of him.
DJ paused inside the bedroom door.   He looked back at them.  “Be here tomorrow?”
“Right,” Tony said.  “Time to go.”
DJ nodded, but his fingers flexed on the screwdriver.   “Okay?”
That was a strange thought.  DJ took a deep breath.  “I'll...  Try,” he said.
“Change the locks,” Tony said, the words broken up by giggles.  “Steve.  Just-”  He lost it again, laughing so hard that he was struggling to breathe.
Tony nodded.  “You’re going back downstairs, then?”
“Like it?” Stark gave him a wide, glittering smile.  He reached up to push his hair back from his forehead, and Steve lost his breath.  “Its's all the rage in Europe.”
DJ blinked. “I like skirts.”
“Are you...  Flirting with it?” Bruce asked.  He sounded tired, and Tony grinned.
Jarvis smiled.  “Occasionally, he is a credit to his upbringing.  This way, please.”
Tony’s eyebrows arched.  “I get the bill,” he said, his eyes dancing.  Steve laughed, and Tony made a grab for his papers.  “If you want help…”
He stared up at the fountain.  “Can I tell you about her?”
“Congratulations,” the photographer said. “How's that working out for you?”
“Too late, I know how you see me now,” Shuri said, her teeth flashing in a bright smile.  She pressed the back of one fluttering hand to her forehead, reveling in the melodrama of it.  “Our friendship will never be the same.”
“That I’d say that?” Obie said, tapping his pen against the blotter of Tony’s desk.
Carol’s mouth opened.  Closed.  Opened again.  “Okay, so I know what you’re-”
“No,” Tony said, and he wasn't fooling anyone, but he had his pride.  “Call me if you need me, I'll be out back juggling missiles.”
Tony didn’t raise his head from Steve’s shoulder.  “I love you,” he whispered, and it didn’t matter, Steve had needed to hear that so badly that he would’ve heard it from across the room.  Tony’s arms tightened around his neck.  “I don’t know if I told you.”
Darcy grinned.  “What do you think?  I think I like it.”
"Yeah, why would I possibly want you to look presentable?" Steve asked, cuffing him lightly on the side of the head. Laughing, Seamus fended him off, waving his fists like a prize fighter. "Let's go. Everyone's waiting.”
Sam nodded. “You...  Ever been in there?”
One last nod, and she slipped through the doors, letting them swing shut behind her.
“I’d say no, but when you put it that way, it’s pretty tempting,” Steve said, shifting his chair away from the table, intending to get up so Tony could take his seat.  Before he could, Tony was behind him, leaning over his shoulder, and Steve froze.
"Your urge to classify everything aside-"
Tony waited.  Nothing else was forthcoming.  He took a deep breath and made a desperate grab for patience.  “Jay?”
“I mean, margarita mix isn’t a bad idea, either,” Clint said, just as Tony pushed past two men wearing black business suits and ornate fairy wings.  As they passed, they left a cloud of glitter in their wake, which settled over Tony’s hair and shoulder.
“The world is confusing and people don’t make sense,” Steve mused.  “He and I, we’re just trying to figure it out.”
“I mean, same, sir,” Charlie said.  More murmuring.  “She wants me to tell you that she’s brought a cake.”  A beat of silence.  “And she has.  She has brought a cake.”
“Every damn day,” Jessica said, aiming a ferocious right hook at the bag.
Rhodey smiled, a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.  “Yeah,” he said, as Bruce walked over.  He looked away from Tony, and Tony was grateful for that. “Doc?”
“Peter,” Tony said, his voice cutting through the nervous babble.  Peter’s head jerked in his direction.  Tony took a deep breath, trying to keep his voice level.  “Go to bed.  If he needs to talk to you, he can do it tomorrow.”
“And he’s going to make sure of it,” Sam said, offering her a piece of heavy, dark bread and a thick slice of cheese.  She took it, grumbling under her breath.  Sam grinned as he sliced another piece free and tossed it to Bucky, who caught it without even looking up.  “Bucky, she’s going to stab you, and no one’s gonna stop her.”
“That seems-”
“I can't be late, it's my pool,” Stark said, and, trying not to laugh, Steve turned in his seat to face him.
Steve paused.  “Was…  That Clint?”
That was as far as he got before O'Brien cut him off.  "Mackey's filed another complaint about you, Rogers," he said, his florid face tired.  He shut the door after Steve and headed back to his desk.  "You wanna not hassle the man?"
“You threatened an airport official with a power drill, Tony.”
Jan paused.  “Is THAT where all my potted plants have gone?”
“The invitation,” DJ said, understanding dawning.  His fingers were digging into the fabric of his pants, and he tried to flatten his hands to rest them on his knees.  “I broke the seal.”
Tony tucked his cheek against her hair. “Me, too,” he whispered back. “But I don't regret it, Pep. I'll never regret you and me.” He tipped his head to the side, brushing a gentle kiss against her copper locks. He took a step back, tugging her along with him. “I don't regret much.”
"It's not usually this hard," Rogers said, so frustrated that Tony just ducked his head, biting his lip hard.  "Are you laughing at me?"
Tony grinned.  “The Valasquez sisters were both lovely, but they managed to find a flight home this year; no need to crash at my place.”  The identical twin supermodels had spent the week before Christmas the previous year parked on his couch, drinking eggnogg and beating Clint and Thor at Super Smash Brothers, but Tony wasn't about to tell anyone that.  They'd both benefited from the coverage from the gossip sites
Mrs. Parker dropped the apple into the bowl.  “And that is where I met Mr. Stark.  While standing by my husband’s grave.”
“Because I’ve missed your humming, so you’re going to take pity on me for like five minutes, kid, and you’re going to go around to the other side of the car, cover your ears, and make Hawklie over there play ‘Name That Tune.’”
“And you call me crazy,” he muttered.
"I think so, too," he said.  He brought his hand up, the dowel slipping free of his fingers.  It dropped, straight down, the tip impaling into the grass.  "Maybe..."  Steve stepped away from it, half turning towards DJ.  "Maybe our almost-knight stays right where he is, maybe he stays there, and watches.  Protects.  Protects the world from the dragon."
He offered her a hand, and she stepped forward, up to the counter.  Her fingers were rough, the nails cut short and the skin calloused, but she offered her hand without flinching.  "Thank you, Mr. Stark.  That means something, coming from you."
Steve closed his eyes, memories of Tony, grinning down at him as he straddled Steve's hips on the office couch, his fingers sliding under Steve's clothes to find his skin washing over him.  He took a deep breath, and it shuddered through him, pleasure and need rolling heavy in his gut.  “I'll give it to you when I get back on Tuesday,” he said, and it came out throaty and low, full of an erotic sort of promise.
"Yes."  He flipped his hand towards the door.  "Go.  Bed.  Rest of the righteous, and all that."  Rogers didn't move, and Tony glanced at him.  "Is there something else you need, Officer Rogers?"
DJ lifted his head.  “Please,” he prompted, and Tony choked on a laugh.
Steve tried not to look at it.
She considered him out of the corner of her eye.  “Then the kitchen,” she said, her voice brisk.  “With the rest of the help.”
"Well, then, you'll at least satisfy your Fairy Godmother," Stark said, gesturing at Miss Van Dyne.
“No, no,” Rhodey mumbled, frowning down at the page.  “He might be onto something here, if we can just-”
“What's he doing now?”  Happy's head poked out of the kitchen door.  “Is he still out there?”
“Except he ended up here,” Wanda said.  She played with threads of light in midair, her fingers moving idly through the air.  “And you haven’t brought him back, why?”
They turned a corner and Tony wasn't surprised to find Marcy standing there, clearly waiting for them.  “Don't say it,” he said.
He blinked.  “What…  Do the certificates say?”
“Don’t worry,” Steve said, snapping his reins.  “I do, too.”
“No, he doesn’t,” DJ said.
DJ lost it.
Darcy tossed her hair over her shoulder with a toss of her head.  “Very effective.”
His chin dropped in a slight nod.  “No point to that.”
"Are you surprised?" a woman asked from the front row, her head tipped forward.
Harris stood there, his tray balanced between this hands.  “How…  Does talking about it make it worse?” he asked at last.
“I wasn’t allowed to do the ramen challenge,” Carol said.  “Which, fuck that, I could’ve done it.”
Steve focused on eating for a moment.  “When you’ve got a little to spare, give it to someone who needs it,” he said.  He looked up, meeting the boy’s eyes.  “And take care of your sisters.”
"And it will still be there after you've eaten," Pepper told him, her voice crisp and firm.  She slipped the notebook from his hand, holding it out of reach.  "This was your idea, Tony.”
"It's early," Clint corrected, shoving the covers aside.  He scrubbed his hands over his face.  "Way too early."
“Okay.  I call being Steve,” Natasha said, pulling her hair back.  “Are we still doing throws this afternoon?  Or did the Council of Unilateral Name Choices institute a change of plans and I wasn’t informed?”
"Our-" Tony glanced back at Jarvis, his mouth opening for the next word, but he didn't have a chance to manage it.  Jarvis's face was unreadable, his usual calm and expressionless mask, and Tony had a moment's sense of loss, and then Obie was dragging him forward.
She considered that.  "Validation, mostly."  She nodded.  "Hope.  It's hard, when you're constantly bombarded by the message that you don't belong, that there's something wrong with you, that you'll never be happy." She stopped, turning to face him.  "That you'll never be safe."
He caught Peter’s chin with the side of his fingers, tipping his head up.  “You tried to save him, and that should never, ever have fallen to you, but you did it anyway, Peter.  It was incredibly brave and if you ever, EVER do anything that stupid again, I’m going to send you away to university and pay for you to take nothing but accounting courses, and then when you graduate, you’ll have to spend the rest of your life being the head accountant for every single one of my companies.”
He shrugged, and immediately regretted it when something dug into his spine.  “Not this exact situation,” he admitted.  “But close enough.  Sometimes it's an alien instead of a robot.  Or a boat instead of a bus.  Once I fell in a cheese making vat, that was worse than this.  That was like, a HUNDRED times worse than this.  Close your eyes.”  He waited, a breath, then two, then he cracked the glowstick, a practiced, one handed maneuver.  Even with his eyes squeezed shut, the sudden flare of light stung.
“I’ll have something waiting for you, come on.”
Tony's hand fell back to his side. "How."
“Then that's good enough for me,” Steve said, with a nod.
“And that weird seaweed stuff you like.” His dad cleared a space next to him, shoving books out of the way with no respect for loose pages and cracked spines.  “You hungry?”
“What's worse, he's never given the shovel talk,” Sam said. He waved a hand in Steve's direction. “I mean, would you give him the shovel talk?”
Tony leveled a glare at him over the top of his phone.  “Really.  You’re going to send him back to his parents wearing a ‘What Happens in Vegas’ t-shirt.”
Sue was already shaking her head.  "No, no, she's-"  She waved a hand through the air.  "She's not.  We had them both tested, she doesn't even have the gene."  She looked up at Steve, a faint, strained smile floating over her features.  "But she is her brother's sister.  Even if they were rational about this-"
“Tony Stark is friends with ME,” Harris said, his voice dire.  “It is entirely one sided.  He tried to friend me on Facebook and I clicked the ‘reject’ button.”
“Before it was fifty percent your problem,” Tony said, taking the jar from Fury and stabbing an egg with a tiny plastic cocktail sword.  “But you’re an idiot, and now it’s one hundred percent your problem.”
Steve's arms tightened.  “Do you want flowers and poetry?” he asked, and Tony shrugged.
“I don’t want to date Tony,” Steve said, and Sam just stopped running.  Steve kept going for a few steps, and then turned back.  Sam was just standing there, staring at him.  “What?”
“I’m not the only one,” Steve said, and he leaned forward, and Tony met him halfway.  The kiss was soft and sharp, familiar and frightening, all at once.  When they broke apart, Steve hovered close, savoring the smell of Tony’s skin and the heat of his breath.  “We done with this fight?”
He looked up.  “It’s his body,” he repeated.  “I don’t get an opinion on what he does with it.”
Tony smiled at him.  “Glad I could expand your horizons.”  He held out his champagne glass.  “To Jan.  And her ability to spend other people's money.”
“So did I,” Tony said, his voice wry.  “I got his face and hands washed, his teeth brushed, got him into his pajamas, and then I was dismissed.”
Tony glanced up.  “Yes,” he said, a faint smile crossing his face.  “I’m aware of that.”
"You're a traitor, Queens," Tony muttered into Steve's shoulder.  "Back in the day, I could've had you killed for this."
"There's the artist," Jan said.  Her head tipped in Thor direction.  "He'd look good in puce.  Puce, with a dark gold trim, it's on brand. but enough of a change that it would indicate that we are, in fact, dealing with a formal event.  I think-"
She shook her head.  “No.  We don't.”
“Oh, brilliantly,” she agreed.
“Fine, I'll yell for help if I get in over my head, you can come save me.”  He stepped back, tugging his arm out of Steve's fingers.  “Think of yourself as backup, Cap.”
“Because Reed Richards is super boring?” Ellen asked.
The wave of guilt hit him hard.  “He’s all right?”
"Now," he said, his tone brooking no argument.
"Can you get me two cups?" he asked DJ, wrapping the salami back up.  "And the tin of tea?"
Another shrug.  “You said there was.”
There was a beat of silence.  “Seems like you’ve got a handle on this kind of thing,” Happy said at last.
Tony nodded, letting Obie’s voice wash over him as he struggled to focus on the rows of numbers on the statement in front of him.  They made less sense each second that passed, but he was nothing if not stubborn.  Obie’s voice rose and fell in the background, complaints and commands, and on some level, it was just as comforting as the whiskey.
“Yeah, I was never going to do that,” Tony said.  “C’mon, kid.”
“How could I forgot the postscript?” Steve flipped the page over.  “P.S.  I’m not cheating on you.”
“You’re going to fight,” DJ said.
The smile broke over Steve's face with slow, inevitable force of the sunrise.  “I'll keep that in mind,” he said, starting the bike with a twist of his wrist.  “Hop on.”
“All of them?” she asked.  He nodded, and she leaned over, kissing his forehead.  “This was a mistake.  Now we’ll have to rearrange the entire solarium again.”
"That seems like the right thing to do," Steve said.  He was good at doing the right thing.  He was also good at really hating having to do the right thing.
“I hate myself.”
https://youtu.be/aaktsSampdY
Songs used in this chapter
Bucky looks across the room at his beaten up prosthetic. The synthetic skin was torn to the metal in some places, and screws were coming out.
“Steve.” The lump opened up to allow Steve to see his captivating boyfriend. Steve smiled at his name and poked the frown covering Bucky’s smile. “I am statistically 12% less of a human since before the crash. You could do so much better with a full boyfriend, one who doesn’t have PTSD from a stupid car crash.”
Rhodey dashed after Tony, quickly falling behind as the lithe boy let panic and desperation to take hold. He was like a cornered animal, and in a way, he was. Rhodey’s stomach twisted in a knot as he watched the younger boy draw ahead and fairly soon, he lost sight.
Horrible Kids/Set It Off
The rest of the chapter is basically one long panic attack. As always, summaries will be in the bottom notes
Tony’s hands were flying over the engine now. As his anxiety ramped up, he began to breathe a little faster.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tony and Rhodey have a talk when some bad news concerning a car crash comes their way. Then they have to deal with a funeral.
Rhodey and Tony get closer and discover new things about each other. Tony actually has a nice Christmas for once
TW// Self-harm and Abuse. It's literally the entire chapter. I'll summarize in the end notes
Jules: "i-"
Songs used in this chapter:
. “What’s up Tones?” He rubbed his head.
“Tones, Steve, Bucky! What’s going on here?”
Apologies for the delay in getting this up! I totally didn't forget because I'm introducing the other author to RWBY or anything
Songs used in this chapter
Tony finds someone who is willing to punish him like Howard and spirals further into his unhealthy mindset
Steve smiles softly and speaks up. “But you try your hardest. That's what matters, Darling. You don’t need a reason to feel like this.”
“We still have it all. Our relationship isn’t any… less then it was. You are not the devil at all, you dramatic ass.”
Tony kept going.
His words were bitter as he thought of the way Steve and Bucky acted in Rizuto’s.
Yeah. This one has layers
As usual, TW summaries will be in the bottom notes
TW// Suicidal Thoughts. Starts from "FUCK!" and ends at "He wiped his hand off and scooted back before standing up. He checked his phone quickly to see 3 more messages from Rhodey."
Songs used in this chapter
We're Alive/Cavetown
“Tony.” He warned, starting to slide out from under the car.
https://www.youtube.come/watch?v=d-diB65scQU
Rhodey thought for a moment before speaking again. “Wanna hang in the lab for a few hours?”
Tony had sliced his hand open on a sharp edge. The sharp pain was familiar to him, and it was like ice soothing a burn. He was breathing heavily and tears rolled down his face.
Jules: "that was tragic"
The only response he got in return was the wheeze of a carefully controlled breath and tears of stress sparkling in Bucky’s eyes.
Rhodey paused in his ministrations. He yelled up at Tony.
Songs used in this chapter
Horrible Kids/Set It Off
“What I expect,” he began. “is for you to be who
https://youtu.be/2wajdO3LdKw
The silence was thick, enveloping the room as the lump thought through its next words.
“Ton-” Rhodey tried to interrupt.
Steve got the message, and put some spare paper next to the hand, watching it disappear into the lump once more. He smiled fondly, then took off his shoes, and put his keys on the desk.
TW SUMMARY
30 minutes later found the 2 boys in the lab, working on a 1996 Chevy Impala, ACDC and Black Sabbath blaring through the speakers. Despite the loud music, Tony was humming a different song. Rubbing his grease-covered hand across his face, he cursed and turned the music down.
Boy in the Bubble/Alec Benjamin
“Nothing Honey Bagel. They were just leaving. Ready?”
Mikah "Lol you can see that I named it 'the mulp' because i messed up the spelling of the lemp
thinks of you.”
https://youtu.be/HbKrB8F0wY4
“Rhodey-” he cut himself off, indecisive on what he could possibly say to de-escalate what Rhodey had just seen. His eyes darted around, searching for an exit.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Bucky, you losing an arm was the worst moment of my life. Knowing all the pain you would have to go through and everything that you wouldn’t be able to do was awful. Even through all of this, I don't think of you any less.”
TW SUMMARY
Steve jolted and realized why his boyfriend had become a mess of blankets.
Rhodey pushed back Tony’s sleeve to finish off the wrap when he saw several half-healed lines scattered over his arm. He felt his thoughts freeze.
Ty rapes Tony because he "feels neglected because Tony was focused on the funeral. Tony freaks and runs.
We don't have a lot of backed up chapter notes, our next one is actually for chapter 5. Uh, comments are always appreciated and we hope you enjoy
TW// Car crashes and character death. That's the plot of this chapter, but it's described in a little more detail starting from "Tony was surprised to see Rhodey wasn't at the cemetery by the cemetery by the time he arrived, but he rationalized that he was probably on his way and would arrive soon." You can't miss it- it's around the excessive use of ~~~~s. It ends at "It was time to read the will already."
“I think I can safely echo something a wise, kind man said to me once,” Tony mused.  “And say, ‘being sorry’s fine, but let’s try to be better.’”
“Maybe not, but I’m prepared,” Tony said, even as Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, dragging him out of bed. “You’re doing nothing but moving yourself up on the murder list, Rogers.”
"I doubt we'll be seeing much by way of customers until the street is less..."  The man paused, looking out at the street, his mouth tight.  "Less on fire."
“I feel like you’re not taking this seriously.”
“I noticed that, yes,” Jarvis said, his lips twitching.  He reached the door and pulled it open. “I’ll keep your account open in my ledgers until they are returned.  I expect you will be prompt about it.”
Obie shrugged.  “It would do you well, Tony,” he said, his voice arch.  “You need a stabilizing force.  A good woman would help keep you on the straight and narrow.”
Ty slammed his hands down on the edge of Tony’s workbench, sending a stack of books crashing to the floor.  He didn’t seem to notice, or care.  “Another.  Failure,” he bit out. “Another useless, worthless-”
“Suspect you're right,” Steve said. And he wasn't thinking about that. Instead, he looked back at the candy counter, where DJ, surrounded by the other boys from Hammer's, was considering the possibilities. Steve did a quick headcount, and came up short. “We're missing one.”
“Speaking of not trusting you,” Carol said. “I want a sleeveless dress.”
“There are no egg rolls, Clint,” Jan said.
“I hate you all and can’t wait for this to heal up so I can get it lasered off,” Tony told her.
“Thank you,” Tony said, holding out a hand.  The boy handed over the cup, his fingers shaking hard enough to make the surface of the water vibrate.  Tony gave him a reassuring smile.  “Can you watch the door for us?”
Allison looked past him.  “Come on my show,” she said to Steve, her eyes huge and pleading.  “You can reveal all the embarrassing things he never wants the world to know.”
Curious, Tony lifted the lid, releasing a waft of steam and the tangy, salty smell of melted cheese.  “Oh, fuck me,” Tony said, grabbing a stool and dragging it over.
“Way I see it, Tony,” he said, tapping his pencil against the pad, “it’s gonna cost you the same if you make one little boy happy, or a whole room full of people happy.”  He arched his eyebrows.  “So, which’ll it be?”
The Sanctum Sanctorum loomed over the street, strangely outsized for the physical footprint of the brownstone building.  To DJ, it seemed to fill every possible inch of space, pressing hard at the edges of the street, and the sky itself.  Despite this, people moved past it, without giving it so much as a second look.  Even those who glanced up at the house never looked long.  Their eyes seemed to slide over the heavy facade and the gleaming central window, a stark, unblinking eye that stared back at them.
And he was going to have to pretend for the next six months.
Tony's fingers drummed against the sides of the sink.  “And how did this end up with him in bed with me?” he asked.
Tony snorted around a mouthful of rice.  “Pepper worries entirely too much,” he said, stealing a shrimp from Steve's carton.  “I did my job and then I got the hell out of there before I hauled off and punched someone.”  He grinned at Steve.  “She should be proud of me.  I didn't even blow anything up.”
“Yeah, cause you don’t know me,” Clint said.
“Thank you, ma’am.  It’s appreciated.”  He headed up the stairs towards the door of the tenement.  “It’s always appreciated.”
Steve pushed himself to his feet, his eyes still locked on the eggs dancing between Clint's hands.  “Sure, I can do that.  Or, if you, prefer, I've peeled potatoes by the bushel.”
For a moment, he didn’t know where he was, or how he’d got there.  Threads of memories and dreams tangled together, and his sleep-dull mind struggled to separate them.  He shifted in his bed, half expecting his back to ache or his legs to seize up, the way they had when he’d been young.But his body moved without a hint of protest, his skin sliding easily against linens as soft as silk.
“I'm going to say yes,” Tony said.
Steve Rogers had never believed in love at first sight.  For him, love wasn’t a thunderbolt, it wasn’t a life changing in a heartbeat, in a breath.  It wasn’t a single instant of knowing, it wasn’t souls meeting, it wasn’t fate or destiny, or anything the poets wrote about.
“I think so.  Which is why it never got published.  Clark and Duck assumed it was just a date.  Not a business agreement.”
Sam ignored him.  “Do anything interesting this weekend?”
Steve risked a glance back at Tony, catching him in the act of zipping up the sweatshirt.  He left it open at the neck, the glow of the arc reactor visible beneath the fabric, the undersuit hanging down around his hips.  Tony gave Steve a wry smile.  “I forget how broad your shoulders are,” he said, stretching his arms out.  The sleeves slid over the tips of his fingers.
“Your…”  Trip looked at the blonde, who did an amazing shrug-nod combo of a gesture.  “Like, dads who are together?” she asked.  The man nodded, a split second before the kid did.  Trip nodded, too.  “Because we don’t have to do a friendship ceremony for that, that’s legal, we can do the real thing?”
He scooped up a noodle, his eyes closing as he chewed.  For a long moment, there was silence, as everyone waited for him.  Finally, he opened his eyes, and nodded.  “Goddammit.”
“Dammit, Janet!  I love you!” Clint yelled from the kitchen.  Carol looked like she was in pain.  Sam patted her on the shoulder.
“I come to drop off donations and I get to wash dishes,” Steve said, emerging from the bathroom with a thermometer in one hand.  “So I don't want to hear it from you, buddy.”  To Tony, he said, “Open up.”
Steve nodded. “Thank you,” he said, putting his phone back in his pocket, and straightening his jacket.
Tony leaned forward.  “I am not stealing from Wilson Fisk,” he said, his voice firm.  “And neither are you.”
"Couch," Tony said, clinging to the cushions.  "I like the couch.  The couch likes me."
“Cherries, or you’ve gone on a killing spree,” Tony said, smiling down at him.  “How many did you eat, my little scullery rat?”
"I'm wearing whatever was clean," Tony said, and she gave him a look.  "What?  It's true."
He heard her sigh.  "I can't believe you're choosing the murder option here, Tony, but-"
Steve crossed the room, untying his apron as he did.  “And my boyfriend, wearing my old flannel shirt and-” His eyes narrowed.  “And sporting the beginning of a very fine beard.”
“Can I 'accidentally' spill it on your couch?”
“Illegal gambling?  I’m shocked,” Tony said, his voice wry.
"Is give it a nice place to sleep and maybe some milk, and DJ's really good at brushing him, and I can take care of-"
"The Pirate Movie" is a real thing.  It is really, really ridiculous.
The instant he did, Logan stepped directly into his line of sight, a plate piled high with fried shrimp in one hand and a tumbler of brandy in the other.  He stopped, looking at Steve with narrowed eyes and a scowl.
“Bought that,” Natasha said. “In red.  Then dumped it into the hot tub until it was roughly the consistency of sludge.  Which brought up a new problem.”  Her head tipped to the side.  “What actually causes the geling reaction of Jell-O?”
“I’m going to have this tweet blown up to a poster size, and get it framed, and mount it on the wall of the restaurant,” Tony said.  Across the bar, Carol was laughing hysterically, her head buried in her arms, and Natasha was dumping vodka straight into their Scorpion bowl, and Thor had given his broom to Peter.   Tony grinned at him.  “Don’t sweep for him, Parker.  Don’t-”
“What is this conversation?”  Tony turned around just in time to see Okoye poke her head into the waiting room.  She looked at him, her eyes narrowing.  “Oh.  It’s you.  That explains…”  Her mouth pursed.  “So many things, actually.”
“You really don’t.” Tony held up the napkins.  “Jay, scan these.”
Furbro hopped off of the banister of the staircase, padding forward to rub his cheek against Steve’s leg.  Steve stared down at him, adrenaline still surging through his veins, his pulse pounding in his ears.  “Jesus wept,” he managed, sucking in a breath.  “You dumb cat, you’re gonna give me a heart attack.”
DJ dragged a wet rag out of the bucket, slapping it against the polished floor.  “Ready,” he crowed, grabbing the rag with both hands.  As Steve watched, amused despite himself, Peter grabbed DJ’s feet, lifting them up and tipping him forward so his weight was balanced on his hands, and the wet rag clutched between them.
DJ rolled over, bunching up the pillow under his head, trying to make it the right size, or the right density, or maybe just trying to make it a different pillow entirely.  A more familiar one.  A more comforting one.  But as soon as he let it go, it expanded back out, taking the only shape that it could.
“He's checking the attic.  Rhodey's down in the garage, probably easier to find him,” Tony said.
Steve’s nose wrinkled.  “It’s not really an egg cream unless you order it at a grimy corner store with a bunch of bookies in the back room and a bunch of old men taking up every stool at the counter,” he said.  “There’s a tradition here that needs to be respected.”
“Excuse me, sir,” Jarvis said.  “You have a call.”
"Hey, sport," he said, his voice booming in the small space.  The boy flinched, his feet skittering backwards on the polished marble floor.  Obie didn't seem to notice, or maybe he just didn't care.  He reached out, ruffling the boy's hair with a rough hand.  "You're gonna have such a great time!"
“What happened, Tony?” Steve asked, cutting him off.
“Shove off,” the thug said, cutting him off mid-word.   “This has nothing to do with you, you old drunk.”
“Oh,” Steve said.  “Sorry.  I-”
He had, apparently, uploaded something to YouTube, so…  Less good for him.  He flopped back against the pillows piled on his headboard and nearly screamed as a sharp spike of pain shot through his right shoulder and down the full length of his spine.  Rocking forward, he groped at his shoulder, trying to figure out the sourse of the pain.
“And you can be a secretive as you want,” Tony whispered back, his knuckles brushing against the line of Steve's jaw, “but don't kid yourself.  Fury knows we're shacking up.”
“Promise.”  Tony held out a hand.  “And while we’re fumbling around, desperately trying to figure out our boundaries, wanna get hitched?”
The bedroom opened into a larger sitting room beyond, with white furniture arranged artfully on a gleaming black tile floor.  One exterior wall was made up of massive windows, letting the sunlight spill in over the comfortable looking couch and chairs and the elegant glass and metal fixtures.  The gleaming white sideboard held an artistic arrangement of lilies and white roses, a variety of liquor bottles, and a coffee pot.
DJ nodded.  “Yes.”
DJ held up his hands, his little face screwing up as he considered the filthy palms.  Then he reached back and wiped both of them along the side of Tony's leg.  "Yes," he said.
"What Clint was speaking.  That-" Steve shook his head.  "That wasn't French."
“Please,” DJ added.
“I’ll take that as a compliment,” Steve said, reaching for his fork.  But his face was flushed, his breathing a little uneven.  He scooped up a bit of the ganache, swirling it through the blueberries before slipping it between his lips.
“And whether you intend it or not, a child can hear that unspoken instruction.  To be good.  To be quiet.  To not make waves and to not make a fuss, because at a certain point, they are testing the limits of what tolerance will allow.   And that is the most terrifying thing.”
“I don’t know anything more about his love life than you do,” Steve said.  “But I’m-”  He smiled, and it felt like his face would crack.  “I’m sure he’d-  Love to have dinner.  Or something.”  The words stumbled, every attempting ending sounding worse to his ears.  “With you.”
Rhodey studied him over the top of the page.  “Do you hear yourself?” he asked with a wry smile.
He knew it was raining before he was even fully awake.
“No,” Clint said, the word drawn out to a painful extent.  Nat buried her head in her folded arms, which did nothing to stifle the sound of her laughter, and he elbowed her.  “No.  That would be-”
Steve closed his eyes, trying to keep himself calm.  “Right,” he said.  He squared his shoulders, bringing his chin up.  “I can do this.”
“And Joy Van Dieter.”
Under him, Steve went still.  “Why.”
Bobbi straightened up.  “Follow the music,” she said, reaching for the lever.  A moment of silence, and then the stone started moving, sliding back into place, sealing him away.
“I like to keep my options open,” Jan told him.  She blew a kiss in Steve’s direction.  “See you at dinner.”
“I’ll do my best,” Steve said.  “Tony?  Maybe lay off the alcohol for the rest of the day?”
“Yes,” Tony said.  Rhodey stared at him, and Tony shrugged.  “And?”
Bobbi stepped up beside the car, one arm braced on the roof.  “Rogers.  If you don’t come back with us, we’re going to have a very different problem.”  Steve paused, his hand tightening on the strap of his shield.  Bobbi’s eyebrows arched.  “We can’t lie to him.”
He nodded.  “When-” He stopped.  “Like, that?”
Next to him, DJ was curled into himself, balanced on the balls of his feet, his knees against his chest and his arms tucked in tight against his sides.  Steve reached down, smoothing a hand gently over DJ's hair, and DJ looked up.  His face was tense and drawn, his eyes meeting Steve's for only a second before darting away again.
DJ gave it a suspicious look.  The cake did not appear to be impressed.
And maps.
“It might find you, but try not to find it,” Tony said, sipping his lemonade.
“What happened?”
“I shall not yield,” Thor said, leaning back in his chair, his arms crossed over his chest.  “A race shall be fair, or be no race at all.”
And it was childish, it was absolutely childish, but he turned and walked out, pulling the office door shut behind him.  Something shattered in the room behind him, and it took everything he had to not go back.
"Are the round white ones the good ones, or not?" Steve asked, ducking back into the fridge.
“Well, you did ask,” Rhodey told him.
“Right, that seems like a risk I'm not going to be willing to take,” Tony said.
“You’re not coming to Vegas,” Tony told him.  “I’m getting my jet back from Pepper, I’m putting the kid, and his baby-sitter onto it, and we’re going to get this done without any more complications.”
Steve jerked upright, his heart in his throat.  Tony was hovering in the doorway, his shirt open at the throat, his sleeves rolled up to his elbows.  He reached up, pushing his hair back.  “Chess?” he asked DJ, who held up a piece in each hand.
"Almost doesn't count," Franklin said, and DJ decided it wasn't a good idea to bring up how often Franklin talked about being ALMOST thirteen.  He got the feeling that it wouldn't be appreciated.  He flipped the piece he was working on, and it hit the bench perfectly in time with the next thump of Val's leg.  Some of the strain went out of his shoulders.  He could make sense of this, if he tried.
Tony paused.  “The good stuff?” he asked, interest stirring.
“Inviting DJ over,” Tony said.
“They one hundred percent got married,” Maria agreed.  “Legal and binding.”  She gave the room a tight smile.  “And since Symkaria is a very valuable partner in our attempts to keep Von Doom and his waves of deathbots under control, the US Government is absolutely not going to risk an international incident with them right now by claiming otherwise.”
“Another,” DJ said, and Tony reached into the box again.
This time, Steve went, falling willingly back onto the pillows.  He grinned up at Tony.  “Looking forward to it.”
“There’s a kitchen in the back,” Danvers said, peering around Steve’s shoulder.  “With a coal oven.  Not the newest, but solid enough.  Old Wickersham preferred cooking over a wood fire, I suppose, the old iron pots are still there, by the hearth.”
“This is less flattering than I was hoping.”
Clint nodded.  “Look, I'm not in a place to tell anyone else how to live their lives, I'm a grown ass man and if my cell plan wasn't on auto pay, I'd be missing that sucker every month, but still.”  He looked up, squinting towards the roof of the tunnel.  “Bet your parents are worried about you.”
“It's OUTSIDE.”
Steve stared down at him, knowing this was going to play a very large part in his very dirtiest dreams for a very long time to come.  At least he was wearing underwear.   He huffed out a sigh.  Getting them back on was going to be impossible without Tony's help, so he just grabbed the jeans by the cuffs, pulling them the rest of the way off in one smooth motion.
“I have a bail fund, don't know what the rest of you are going to do,” Tony said.  “When are you coming home, Steve?”
Coulson frowned.  “We're already behind schedule.”
"And we're going to be easier to dance with than TS is," she said, patting him lightly on the arm.  "We're used to dodging big ol' feet."
He didn’t know this cup.
“What?”  His mother paused, glancing over her shoulder at him.  She smiled, her eyes warm.  “Whatever are you on about, Stevie?”
As one, everyone looked at Tony.  Tony just took a long sip of his milkshake, the straw rattling against the bottom of his cup as he drained it, his eyes locked on his phone.  He set the cup down on what remained of Mjolnir’s bar, and then the phone next to it.  “Honestly,” he said, “that wasn’t nearly as bad as I was expecting.”
Jarvis slipped in behind them, closing the door with a firm click.
“Monkey bread,” DJ said, his voice hopeful.
Steve’s lips twitched.  “Funny, that’s not how Thor described it.”
“Another failure.”
“It needs doing,” Steve said.  His fingers ran across the rim of his shield.  “Someone has to do it.  Someone…”  He looked up.  “If it’s gotta be me, then I suppose it’s gotta be me.”
He blinked hard, ignoring the spike of pain that came with it.  “Okay,” he said, staring up at the space above them.  A lot of space.  Shattered concrete and twisted metal littered the ground around them, huge chunks of stone and bits of machinery, broken loose in the collapse.  “I think we're in some sort of maintenance tunnel.”  Which was good, whatever had come down on top of them, or with them, the tunnel wasn't likely to give way.  The impact might've opened up a hole, then buried it, or ripped the whole section apart, he didn't know.  But despite the darkness, the empty silence of the space, it seemed stable.
“Pick out four more. I’ll pay.”
In the silence that followed, Peter said, “Oh, boy.”
Tony rolled his eyes.  “No.  I'll meet you at the meeting, why-”
His dad looked up.  “No,” he said. “Do we have pizza?”
"Nonsense is nice sometimes," Steve said to Stark, who still hadn't moved.  "Sure, fairy tales are all about knights and dragons and evil witches.  But they're also about loyalty and bravery, about doing things that are frightening, because they're still the right thing to do.  They're about being creative and smart and learning from your mistakes, and remembering what your parents told you, but finding out things your parents couldn't have dreamed of."
Peter was perched at the island in the middle of the room, a thick slice of bread in one hand and a spoon in the other.  “I don’t know.”  Bruce frowned at him over the top of one of his own school books.  Peter spread his hands wide, almost knocking over his milk.  “It’s not on the test,” he said, taking a quick bite of his oatmeal.  “Can we just focus on what’s going to be on the test?”
"Ain't happened before, ain't likely to start now," Clint said, grinning back.
The tray was slapped down on his desk, the dishes rattling with such force that Tony jumped in his chair.  His head jerked up, and found Jarvis staring down at him, a scowl on his face.  “That man,” he said, the words very carefully measured, “took an immense risk here.”
Stark took it with a sound of relief.  "Kid doesn't like the dining room," he mumbled into the cup.  His eyes fluttered shut.  "We've decided to slum it today."
“She married someone else,” Steve said, and he had no idea why he was saying any of this.  But it was like poking a bruise, to see if it still hurt.  To see if the ache was finally passing.
DJ reached out, tapping his hand against hers, his face relaxing into a smile.  “Sorry.”
“'Hiding' is such an ugly word,” Tony pointed out.
“Three times this year,” Pepper said, stirring her tea as she frowned down at the ledger.  “And twice last year.”  Her eyes darted up.  “Is he…  Worried about violence?”
“Walls are fine,” Steve said, reaching for the fireplace poker.  He pushed the logs back from the edge.  Better safe than sorry.
“There,” he said, and it was eerie to hear his own voice coming from someone else’ mouth.  It was strange to see his own face, his mouth set in a sharp line, his dark eyes narrowed, the muscles of his jaw tight beneath that familiar facial hair.
Cynthia nodded.  “Of course, Captain Rogers.”  She settled down at her station.  “It's part of my job to announce visitors.”
Steve stared down at her, confusion giving way to something far, far worse.  Because he was stupid.  He was so stupid.  Someone on the team.
“Whose side are you on here?” Steve asked.  He leaned in, his fingers cradling Tony's jaw, tipping his face up.  “I mean, I come home, you're sleeping with my best friend, now you're taking his side?”
“You can try,” Darcy said, her legs out in front of her, her hands braced behind her.
"Yes."
Steve hovered, just inside the door, his watch held awkwardly in his hand.  “I guess not,” he said.
It smelled good, spicy and sweet, like oranges or cloves.  His fingers flexed on the cup.  He tried to swallow, but his mouth was dry, or maybe it was his throat.  He was thirsty.  And the tea smelled good.  It smelled familiar, even though he knew it wasn’t.
“Those apologies better be profuse,” Tony said.
"Fabulous," Tony said.  Steve glanced at him, a puzzled look on his face.  "Namor and his people consider 'formal attire' to be the same booty shorts and bikinis they always wear, except with a cape,” Tony said, his voice pitched too low for the bystanders to hear. He spread his hands.  “And when they're up here, they guilt trip the world by making those capes out of the trash that we asshole surface dwellers have dumped into the oceans.”
"The point is, you are a clever man who will adapt.  I have a great deal of confidence in you," Jarvis said.
Steve stared at him, and then reached for the hem of the blanket.  Tony grabbed for it, and Steve collapsed back onto the pillows, laughing out loud.  “The front desk sent up a pair of shorts from the spa,” he said, “and I think you stole my shirt.”
“We have a problem.”
“The two of you are going to attract attention, you know that, right?”
“No,” Steve said.
“Don't care, and you're not dying.  You might have the flu, though,” Steve said.  Tony groaned, and it ended in a hard, painful cough.  Steve grabbed for the box of tissues that were sitting beside the bed, holding them out to Tony.  “Pretty sure you've got the flu.”
Sam gave him a look.  “And you keep doing it.”  Steve nodded again.  Sam's head fell forward in a nod.  “Right, right.” He glanced up.  “Next time, I'm letting you fall.”
They didn't.  In many ways, Steve knew they shouldn't.  "I think we do," he said, then shook his head.  "No.  We don't have to do this." He looked up.  "But I think we should."
Steve reached up, one finger ghosting across a diagram.  It fit to his palm for an instant before falling into place.  “It’s not the same.”
"I'm here, I'm here.”  Stark leaned into the bedroom, one hand braced on the doorframe.  His hair was damp.  Steve wasn't sure when his small bedroom had become public space, but he focused on trying to get his jacket buttoned.  “Happy warned me that you had made it past the wall.  Heads will roll, I assure you, but in the meantime, what are you doing here?”
“I love you,” Jan sing-songed at him, as her staffers got dragged onto the 'dance floor.'  “And I'm going to make you look good.”
“I wised up at some point over the past few years.  Getting in was the early part.” Clint tossed salt into the pan, and dusted off his fingers.  “Getting into the grounds, and getting into the house.  You might’ve noticed earlier, I don’t mind heights and I’m a pretty good climber.  Nat’s faster than me, and lighter on her feet.  Took us less than ten minutes by my watch, and we were in the library and she was halfway up the shelves.  Tossed the vase down to me just as the door opened.
Her eyebrows arched.  “And when Coulson comes back looking for it?”
Sue took a step in that direction, her body bending at the waist, her head tilting down.   She steadied herself with one hand on the top of the workbench as she checked around the edge, her head swinging first one way, then the other.  Her eyes narrowed.  There was no one there.
"Anyway, we've got a problem," Marcy repeated.
“I did,” Tony said.
“Yes,” Tony breathed, bracing his hands on the desk.
“I bought my own Christmas present, and you have no idea what it is, so good luck with that,” she said, her voice sweet.  “Ten.  Minutes.”
“You like not having to clean,” Carol said.
Rogers' eyes flicked up, then back down to his plate.  “So kind o' you t' say so,” he said, a hint of a stage brogue twisting the words.  “Right kind o' you, gov'ner.”
“Okay,” DJ said.
The following characters have not appeared in the MCU (or are present only in the Netflix series so far):
Tony's hand came down on his shoulder, shaking Steve out of his thoughts with a jolt.  His head snapped up, and he found Tony staring at him, his face worried.  "Steve?"
“Did I ask?” she said, her voice tinged with acid.  She jerked her chin at the car.  “Get in.  Both of you.  Goddamn idiots.”  She looked across the road, and yelled to Happy, “How did I go from being the Mad Dog of Fisk’s mob to being the voice of reason?  How does that HAPPEN?”
“These are tech reporters,” she said.  “We did this deliberately.  None of these people will risk alienating StarkIndustries by going out of bounds here.  They want to keep their access to the company.  They're going to ask some questions, there's no way they won't, but they will not attack him.”
“Good.  Then you got something to work towards, right?”  He tucked his hands in his pockets.  “So?”
“Less judging, more speaking from experience,” Tony said, scribbling a note along the bottom of a statement.
“Uh-huh,” Rhodey said.  “You know that everyone here’s really getting attached to that kid, right?”  He paused beside the garage door.  “You’re tough.”
Tony’s jaw went tight.  “Right.” He arched an eyebrow.  “You were saying?”
Tony shivered, his hair falling over his forehead, and Steve stepped in front of him, blocking the wind.  “You can still do that,” he said.  “I can help.  Pepper’s…”  He paused, and smiled.  “Pepper knows her way around a bureaucracy, let’s put it that way.  We might be able to make it legal.”
“Officer Rogers, this is Bruce,” Natasha said, tapping her spoon against the rim of the bowl.  “Bruce, this is Officer Rogers.”
“'Wait Til Next Year' was really good,” Steve said, dishing the pasta sauce into a deep bowl.  “So I figured I'd read some of her other stuff.”  He set the bowl aside.  “I liked the one she did on the Kennedys better, I think.”
“I want one,” Clint said.
“Can you do this for me?” he asked.  His breath shuddered in his chest.  “Can you-”
"When do I ever-"
“Right,” he gritted out.  “So.  What.  You built that which man should not make, and now it's gotten away from you and you need us to destroy it before it starts damaging people and property?  Great.  Happy to help.  You can send our medals to-”
Jarvis smiled.  “Muddy footprints in the front hall,” he said, taking the glass back from Tony.  “But the door had been unlocked.”  He turned, taking the water pitcher from May.  “No one in this household would’ve left a mess, or left the door unsecured.  Which meant someone was here that didn’t belong.”
“Here you are.”
"Yes, ma'am."  Peter folded his legs under him.  "You want pickled green beans, or cole slaw, or some cheese?" he asked DJ.
“They left before me, so…” Tony shrugged as he piled the wine bottles on the counter.  “I was in a better mood.”  That might’ve been a lie.  He wasn’t sure any longer.  “And now, I have dishes to do.”
Steve glanced up at him.  And he smiled.  “By that, you mean you'll make me toast?” he said, standing up.
“It is possible that DJ implied that it would assist him in falling asleep again, yes.”
“Thank you,” he said, handing DJ a cup.  “Be careful, it’s hot.”
“No.   No, Clint was…  A surprise,” she admitted.  “But really, it was all a surprise.” She tapped a finger against her cheek.  “If someone had explained this place to you, before you came here, would you have believed them?”
“I think I can safely say that both DJ and I can shine a shoe,” Steve said.  Jarvis reappeared, DJ's shoes in his hands.  “If there's a kit somewhere, I can-”
“He could,” Clint said.
"You'd think New Yorkers would be made of sterner stuff," Tony said.  "But any excuse to stay home."  He tipped his head towards the window.  “I'm in the market for a wedding ring.  Any chance I could see one you've got on display?”
“Tooooo late,” Sam sing-songed.  There was a ping, and he grinned down at his phone.  “Aw, look, she added 'naked pictures of Sam' to her Amazon wishlist, now you'll know what to get her for Christmas!”
Steve’s stomach was churning.  “Unless we can uncover the conspiracy.”
"They weren't looking for you, Captain Rogers," Cynthia said.  She stepped through the door.  "Now, they will be."
Shiro held out two baskets without a word.  Tony dropped a pile of noodles into each one, feeling like an old west gunfighter standing in the middle of a deserted street, watching the tumbleweeds roll past.
Tony watched him go, his teeth gritted, his chest aching.  “Right,” he said.  “I-”
The boy crouched, his hands spread at his sides, his weight balanced on the balls of his feet.  He was breathing fast, his body jerking with the force of it, but he didn't flinch and he didn't look away.
“In his defense, ‘I only date Captain America’ is kind of a niche item,” Steve said.
“Eat something,” he said, and Steve’s shoulders twitched, a flinch that he did his best to hide.  But Tony turned back to his work.  “We’re not doing this again.  You’re not helping him, starving yourself.”
“We’ll be here.”  Tony’squeezed Steve’s hand.  “Both of us.”
DJ poked his head over the top of the workbench.  He grinned at Sue, holding up a smoothie cup.  “Yours,” he said.
Above them, a familiar form appeared in the swirling dust.  Logan leaned over, one arm braced on his up-thrust knee, his claws glinting against the black leather.  “Hey, Carnie.  You got somethin' for us?”  Behind him, Hulk loomed, his massive bulk casting a shadow over the opening.  Logan didn't seem concerned.
“He bought a new sketchbook, and sure, he’s got more than a few of those.  But I’ve never met an artist who’s been able to resist spending money on more sketchbooks.”  Steve set the tablet down on the desk in front of Tony.  “I know.  I know you want to protect him.  But he took the money that you gave him, that you told him he could spend on anything, and he used it to buy things for people who likely are trying to decide if they can afford to get groceries this week.”
“I’m not-”
Steve gave the handle an experimental tug.  To his surprise, the door opened easily, and a gust of wind tossed the curtains around his legs as he pushed it open.  Stopping only long enough to scoop up the tray, he stepped out onto the balcony.
“Yes, we work for a paramilitary government organization,” Darcy said, her voice tight.  “Look at me.”
The boy was already nodding.  “Yes, sir, Mr. Stark.  There’s a lounge not far from here, this way, please.”
Sam blinked.  “Oh.  Yes.  Yes, of course.”  His eyes darted to the side.  “He usually doesn't stay under this long, to be honest, so I don't-”  He rubbed the back of his neck.  “I don't have to worry about it for very long.”
Steve realized he was grinning down at the book, so wide that his face hurt.  His thumb stroked over the edges of the pages, smoothing over the rough edges, the paper weathered and worn by a hundred, by a thousand other hands.  It wasn't a new copy.  And somehow, that was better.
Curled against one arm of the loveseat, DJ was still fast asleep, his blanket trailing down to the floor.
“So?” Harris asked, when she trailed away.  Someone was talking in the background, and he was pretty sure he recognized that voice.  “Who did you get a ride from?”
“He’s sweeping the chimney,” Tony said, frowning down at his paperwork.
“Maybe not the fastest,” Tony mused.  “But the easiest.”  His arm flexed, and his fist bounced against the window, once, twice.  “Though I think this proves that staying in the house doesn’t make me any safer.”
"Bring me your leftovers," Tony said.
"NYNN just announced that they're going live with a round table discussion with Steve and a panel of journalists."
Tony switched his betrayal to the horrible child who was undermining him.  He kept staring, his eyes narrowed, until the thermometer beeped.  He pulled it out.  “We've just met, this is...  This is...  Unacceptable.”
Tony waved him off, his hand flailing through the air.  “Right.  Right.  Stop…  Stop talking now.”  He glared at the camera.  “Hey, fuckers.”
“Sure,” Sam said, as the elevator opened into the lobby.  He gave the security guard a wave as they passed.  “How’s the weather this morning?”
“Do you know how much of a logistical nightmare that would be?” Jan asked.
“Let's start with a waltz, you need the practice.”
“Well, if anyone knows about trying and failing to live an ordinary life in extraordinary times, it’d be Coulson,” Shawn pointed out as Harris reached the front of the line.  “Also, attracting trouble.”
Tony rocked back in his seat.  “That's not-”
Tony stared down at him, and gave up.  He might not have this for long, but he could have it for now.  “At this point, I can only hope the cholesterol kills me,” he said, holding out a hand.  “Just pass the box.”
Tony smiled down at the flowers.  “You can try,” he said.  He let his eyes closed.  “Pep?  I think I'm getting in over my head.”
“I'm working on not flinching every time anyone says it, including me,” Tony said.  He pressed both hands to his face.  “Steve's taking this as a challenge.  He's...  He's going to really do this thing.  Every time we're in public.  He's going to be my husband.”
Tony considered the head of lettuce like it was Yorick’s skull.  “Yes?”
Steve shoved his hands into the flowing water, splashing his face.  “Nope,” he repeated.  Bucky made a disbelieving sound, and Steve caught himself grinning.  “Not right now.”
“What?” he asked, and Steve realized that he was grinning, he was laughing.  Tony's head tipped to the side.  Tony looked at him, something like concern in his face.  “Steve?  Are you  okay?”
Steve recognized Tony’s car from a block away, and started running.
Steve had passed through Strange’s portals in the past, slipping seamlessly from one place to another in just a step or two.  He hadn’t thought much of them then, mostly because they were the means to an end, and the end was ‘stop the world from ending’ most of the time.  He’d used them because there had been no other choice, no other safe way, or no other expedient way.
Clint shrugged, and winced.  “If he was gonna squish him, he would've done it already,” he said, rubbing his side.
Tony glanced at the huge line behind him.  Despite the hour, the queue line was full to overflowing, people perched on top of their luggage and sitting on the floor.  Two men, who looked like locals, were playing cards, the draw deck tucked in the pocket of a jacket thrown on the upraised handle of a suitcase.  A woman with two small children clinging to her skirts and a baby in a sling against her breast was handing out cookies and dried fruit from wrinkled paper bags.  Powdered sugar floated like snow to the floor, coating the toes of the smaller boy.  A group of students was clustered together, speaking in halting, uneven sentences, their head bent over well-worn phrase books.  Florescent sticky flags marked pages that were apparently of particular interest, fluttering like nervous wings every time they turned a page.  An elderly lady in a wheelchair napped, her head hanging forward, her lips parted, her hands folded in her lap.  The airline employee pushing her chair appeared only slightly more awake than she was.
“He usually has a point, though,” Shawn said.  Drew gave him a look, and Shawn shrugged.  “Sorry.  True, though.”
“Dear God, no,” Tony said, filling her cup, and then his own, with coffee.  “Are you kidding me? You don’t get matches.”
"Really? You want your legacy to be tainted by this?"
“And Steve,” Carol said.  She leaned over Natasha’s shoulder, fumbling for a pen.  “It’s the Council of Lesbians and Steve, and the Council of Lesbians happily accepts non-lesbians.”  Jan nodded.  Carol nodded back. “And Steve, obviously.”
Tony’s eyes shut.  “That depends on him.”
“Darcy and Wanda were going to buy flower crowns and DJ wanted one, too,” Steve said.  “What’re you-”
“You’ll eat?” Steve asked.
“Because you are a man of many responsibilities,” Edwin Jarvis said, his voice crisp.  He emerged from the closet, a hanger in one hand and a matching tie in the other.
“Fine.  You harpy.”  Ellen dumped a measure of tea into the cup and thrust it in Jesse's direction.  “Gimme.”
“Really,” Tony said.  He arched an eyebrow.  “So...  That's who your best friend is sleeping with.”
DJ reached for the spoon.  “Have to buy presents,” he said, his voice firm.
“Tired con goers with less than five bucks left to their name,” the girl said with a grin.
“No one is getting a ‘What Happens in Vegas’ t-shirt,” Tony said, frowning down at his phone, his thumbs tapping away on the surface.
Clint grinned, then regretted that when he ended up with a mouthful of silt.  “Yeah, I bet you have.”  He fumbled at his belt, finding the right pouch by memory.  “You okay?”
“You're tricky, I think it's better that I don't give you a chance to escape,” Steve said, grinning.
“So things happen around me, that just means I’m an ordinary man who is-”  He didn’t know how to finish that sentence.  “Very unlucky.”
“No.”  The boy smiled.  “They won’t.”
“What time is it?” Tony reached into his pocket.  “Peter, shouldn’t you be in school?  You’re still going to school, aren’t you?”  He frowned down at his watch.  “I seem to recall schooling.”
“I would call it fine,” he said, and Bucky started to laugh.  Under the table, Steve kicked him in the ankle.
“He totally has memory erasing technology,” he called, and, without even glancing in his direction, Coulson pointed at Tony.
Tony snatched his pillow and threw it in Peter’s direction.  It landed on his head.  “What are you doing, Parker?”
Phil scribbled his signature on a page and tossed it aside.  “And since I’m on better terms with the CEO of StarkIndustry than just about anyone at SHIELD, it’s fairly logical that I’m going to be the one who’s going to toddle over there, hat in hand, to ask if she happens to know what has happened to one third of our local superhero team and a couple of low level SHIELD employees-”  He leaned forward.  “It’s going to be me, Clint.  So.  No.  Not your best idea.”
“Great, this is great, the viewer engagement is through the roof.” The news director bounced towards the edge of the stage. “We've got one more break, let's bring it back around to the latest legal rulings of the state supreme court, I think-”
“And I can see why.”  She flicked a thumb across the face of her phone.  “Deleted, Mr. Rogers.  Don’t worry about it, I’m not going to blackmail you into having a little coffee klatch with me.” She glanced up.  “Though, honestly, that, uh, ‘statement’ reflects more on him than it does on you, so-”
“Fine.  Fine.   You’re all against me.”  Tony braced his hands on the edge of the workbench.  “Potts.  You have to distribute tickets at the factories.”
T’Challa held out a hand to Steve, and Steve took it.  “We will meet again,” he said.  “Soon.”
On some level, Tony was aware of his teammates moving around him, of the SHIELD teams sweeping in to collect the downed combatants.  But most of his attention was locked in on the bomb, moving through the safeguards as quickly as he could.
“One of which is apparently the desire to put my name on the person I'm in love with,” Steve said, his voice dark.
The sound of a phone alarm cut him off, almost mid-word.  Startled, he looked over to the counter, where he'd thrown Tony's jacket.  He grabbed it, pulling Tony's phone out of the pocket.  He frowned down at the face of it.  “Fifteen Minute Warning,” it read, and he canceled the alarm with a flick of his thumb.  “Hey, Tony, what is the alarm for?”
Steve didn't reply.  He just leaned forward, his body pushing into the wind.  Tony leaned into his back, and settled in for the ride.
“Well, it’s the end of the year, so I’ve got a lot of files that need to be sorted and stapled.” He shrugged out of his jacket and opened the closet door, reaching for a hanger.  “Thought you might be able to help me.”
May poked Stane with her foot, then gave him a sharp, hard kick.  He didn’t move.  “He’s still breathing,” she said, and she sounded almost disappointed by that.
“It thinks I’m her,” DJ said.  He looked at Agatha, understanding dawning.  “And so did you.”
“Oh, yes, you were quite sanguine when he dragged you through the front door,” Jarvis said.  “I wouldn’t say ‘kicking and screaming,’ but it was as close as you could get while maintaining your dignity.”
Or maybe he just didn't care.
Clint slid behind the wheel as the others climbed in.  “Some of us are a little better at disguises than that,” he pointed out, jamming the keys into the ignition.  “We can-”
“Miss Potts brought me the details of what they were offering, and a card with Mrs. Arbogast’s address.  She encouraged me to speak to her, before I took the job, but I didn’t see the point.  After all.”  She gave Steve a lopsided smile.  “What choice did I have?”
Tony nodded.  “So yes.  You can-” He pushed a hand through his hair.  “If you want to, I mean, you can pick one out for me, but I can't promise I'll always wear it.”
“We’re not getting Sam flowers, Greer is getting Sam flowers,” Carol said.
Hammer paused, caught in the act of digging through the files. “You...  Have?”
Steve gave him a look.  “Because you invited me  here,” he said, spreading his hands.  “Here.  To Congress.  To testify in front of that-” He choked the words back, locking his teeth together and taking a slow, deep breath through his nose.  He let it out.  “Everything I do here is going to reflect on you, and your organizations, and I’m trying, Isaiah, I’m really trying to keep my mouth shut.”
“Yeah, ma told ‘em that our da’s out, looking for work.” Mickey licked his thumb.  “Which, he might be, who knows?”  He looked up, and his jaw was a hard line.  “He didn’t want us before the world fell to pieces, why’d he want to come back now?”  He bent over his bowl, his arms wrapped around it almost protectively.  “Ma says he was here, couple months ago, but none of us saw him.” He let out an ugly bark of laughter.  “We pretend, cause she wants us to.  But he’s not coming back, that’s just the way of it.”
He wasn't sure how he heard it.  It wasn't loud.  It wasn't aggressive.  It was, if anything, strangely neutral.  Tony glanced over at the crowd of reporters.  And despite the chaos happening there, he knew who'd asked it.
“I don't know her,” Steve said.
She found herself smiling back.  "That's very kind of you, thank you."
Tony looked like he really, really wanted to escape.
She paused, her chin coming up.  “He and Peter were quite close,” she said, and there was an aching note to her voice now.  “Even before his parents passed away,. Peter was always over, always in and out of my kitchen, helping Ben with repairs, running up and down the stairs and rattling the windows.”  She smiled.  “Losing his parents was a horrible blow, never doubt it, but we loved him.   We always loved him.”
The mobsters were milling around now, a few young men glancing around desperately, trying to figure out where their newest opponent was hiding.  Happy smiled.  “How many men’d you start with?” he asked the thug.  “How many did he already get?”
Tony laughed.  “And what would you have for Christmas, then?” he asked, his head tipping back to meet Steve’s eyes.  “I could barely get you to take this jacket, and as soon as you could, you foisted it right back on me.”
Strange took a deep breath.  “Where is DJ?”
DJ paused.  His eyes slid to the side.  “Yes,” he said, drawing the word out.  Then he shoved a forkful of cream and sugar into his mouth, as if to stave off any other awkward questions.
Tony shrugged, already rolling his sleeves back down.  “Simple fix.  Come back when you need something more substantive done.”  He hopped off of his stool.  “After all, you never asked me to fix it.”
Steve looked up from his sketchpad.  Pepper was standing just inside the door of the workshop, a letter held in one hand, an exhausted expression on her face.  “This is your fault,” she said.
Which was probably a mistake.  He hadn’t slid down the bannister in a couple of decades, and he’d weighed a lot less the last time he’d done it.  He grabbed for the wood, trying to slow himself down, or stop himself entirely, he didn’t even know, but gravity had other ideas.  Tony bit back a curse as he barreled downwards, somehow managing to keep his balance right to the end.
“Probably gone down the trash compactor, he's...  Not a fan of shoes,” Tony said, as if this was a normal conversation for him to be having.
DJ's eyes disappeared beneath the brim of the hat, but his grin was still visible beneath it.  “Morning,” he replied, a giggle running through the word.
Jess was already shaking her head.  “No,” she said.
“I'll bring that up with the organizers,” Steve said.  “I love you.”
“New York,” Strange confirmed, nudging him towards a bench.  Steve sank down, only now becoming aware of how his legs were shaking.  “But not the New York where you belong.”  He crossed his arms over his chest, his face set in a scowl.  “Give me one good reason why I should not send you back, right this moment.”
Tony sighed.  “Yeah, I figured.”  His fingers twitching, wanting to reach out to his child so much that it was a physical ache.  But he held himself still.  Gave DJ some space.  Gave DJ what he needed, because that was the important thing.  That was the only thing.
Bobbi paused.  “I suspect most of what’s been happening has gone unnoticed.  But people talk.  Rumors and innuendos.  Gossip and whispers.”  She tossed a page onto the seat between them.  “It was a group of sailors from French Sudan who gave him his name.  The cloth he wrapped around his head and face reminded them of the Bedouin who wandered the Sahara desert.”
“No, Tony.”  Steve stood up.  “Want some soup?”
Steve cleared his throat.  Sam took a deep breath.  “Don’t you say a-”
“My car rental, I’m going to,” Tony said, and that didn’t make sense to DJ, but Tony had a look on his face, a look almost like the ones his father got, when things weren’t right, and weren’t wrong, and DJ was having trouble keeping things separate in his head and he hated it.
“Possibly before the war,” Tony said.  To Natasha, he added, “Keep him occupied.”
“Not much,” DJ said.
“Tony.”
“And not everyone who remembers will like it.”
“Setting the bar low there, aren't you?” Sam asked.
He stopped, his breath leaving him in a rush.  “I never could figure that out.”
DJ giggled, and Tony unfolded the note, trying to keep a straight face.  'Have to pick up the updated blueprints from corp.  Will tell Jarvis to make sure you eat.  It's sad that I have to have Jarvis handle that.  Try to eat without being reminded.'
“What?  Oh, no, it’s trash,” Clint said with a grin.  “I know you’re trying to be polite, but no.  It’s trash.”
“You can’t just-” Harris said, as Clint grabbed his other arm.
“See the problem with your theory,” Tony said, “is that Pepper is already a food, so, well, it’s not-”
“Where are you?” Pepper asked, not at all put off by that.
Pepper watched this, her face full of consternation.  “I-”  Her eyes closed.  She reached for her purse, snapping it open with a flick of her fingers.  “Parker.”
“I still think you ate part of it and blamed it on me,” Peter groused.
Steve bit back a very rude response.  “I know he’s fine,” he said, his voice carefully modulated. “Where is he?”
“Right.  We can’t have that, Mrs. Parker would be appalled.”  Tony stood up, drawing DJ up in his arms, settling the boy against his chest.  DJ, for his part, slumped against Tony’s chest, one hand locking on the wrinkled fabric of Tony’s shirt.  If Tony noticed when the shirt pulled against his neck, he didn’t say a word.  He just turned his head, brushing a kiss against DJ’s head, his eyes fluttering shut.
Peter covered DJ’s ears.  DJ frowned, his head tipping back to look up at him, his expression betrayed.  “Sorry,” Peter told him.
“It’s just we have more than a little too much,” Tony said, drawing Steve’s attention.  He was smiling, with that particular, familiar warmth that always made Steve’s stomach turn over.  “So, how many people did you tell them we were having?”
The words echoed through the workshop, vibrating against his eardrums.  Natasha set the bottle down in the sink.  “No.”
“No,” Carol told him.
Peter blinked at him, eyes red rimmed.  “Every one?” he asked, and the words broke on a watery, wobbly giggle.
“Would you like a kiss?”
Steve’s head fell forward on a choked off laugh.  “No.”  He reached up, his fingers brushing against his lips, and his hand was shaking.  “I don’t think so.”
Steve nodded.  “I think you'd better.”
"That will take care of everything for now, Mr. Stark," he said, closing the folder and adding it to the stack. "Let us know when you're ready to file."
“I’d say leave him to pout in peace, but you are the big boss, so I guess it’s your job to talk him off the proverbial ledge,” Jan said, crouching down behind Greer.  “What’re we missing?”
“Know what he did?  He filmed himself singing Baby Shark in his underwear,” Jess said to Tony.  “Because when Carol offered him the burnt marshmallows, he wandered into the kitchen and he didn’t have pants on.”
“Well, once I figured out which way to hold it, it was a lot easier,” he said.  His horse pawed at the dirt, displeased with the delay, and Steve leaned forward in the saddle, patting him on the neck.  “I know, Nomad, I know, but we have to wait for the others.”
Tony let out a breath that was half sigh, half laugh.  “It's a poinsettia, Steve.  I appreciate the sentiment, but I'm pretty sure they're bringing them along with the Christmas tree this week.”  His fingers tangled in Steve's hair.  “You are planning on showing up for that, right?”
“What are you wearing?” Steve repeated, digging through his closet.  A shirt slid off of a hanger, dropping to the floor, and he reached down to pick it up.
Mackenzie gave him a chiding look, her marker flicking against the side of the cup.  "Don't worry, I've got your scone warming."
“And that’s nearly as good,” Steve said, making Rhodes laugh.  Smiling, Steve gave him a nod.  “Thanks.  I might just take you up on that.”
Steve felt his cheeks heat, and he focused on taking a sip of his coffee.  “Yeah.  I’m-”  He did his best not to think about the early morning sunlight playing across Tony’s back, golden and warm, and the way the tattoo, still new and a bit raw, looked less like a wound than he would’ve thought.
“Give me back that sweater, you asshole!”
“We're done,” Pepper agreed. “Ladies, gentlemen, if I could have a word with you later on this afternoon, I'd appreciate it.” She headed for the door, herding the legal team along with her.
“Yeah.  Wonder why not,” Harris said, and that was a lie but he refused to acknowledge that it was a lie.  “Do you need-”
She set the tray down on the counter.  “Platinum is sophisticated, classy, and durable.  It won't be bent out of shape with a little rough handling, so it's easy to take off and put on.”
“And neither does Rhodey, but that's two in like, twenty.  I know more of his dating history than you do,” Jan pointed out.  “Tony already likes Steve, everyone likes Steve, now we just have to set Steve up as-”
Tony opened his eyes, and Steve was right there, right in front of him, still smiling, bright and full of light and warmth, and Tony wanted to scream at him, wanting to shake him.  “Listen, buddy,” he said, and he was shocked at how steady his voice was.  “I'm not the kind of guy who gets married on the first goddamn date, what the hell?”
Tony shifted his weight, risking a quick glance up the stairs towards the shop.  “Whatever you’re working on, Jan,” he said, his voice hushed, “it can wait until your parents loosen the purse strings again.  There’s no reason for you to-”
“Okay,” DJ said.
Her lips felt numb.  Cold. “Because it was the truth.”
Steve hadn’t been expecting the cold, hard edge to Jarvis’ voice.  “An overstep of course, for an employee, and to be honest, I don’t know what I meant when I said it.” He paused.  “But I know I meant it, if that makes any sense at all.”
“Is this because I bought you an FBI parody shirt?”
“The paper-”
Gyrich studied him, a faint smile on his face.  “And who might that be?”
Tony extracted himself from Steve’s arms with more speed than grace, his face hot.  “All right, you damn brat,” he said, but DJ was already halfway down the grand staircase.  Without thinking, Tony grabbed hold of the bannister and boosting himself onto it in one smooth hop.
Her hand lashed out, catching him by the front of the coat.  She gave a yank, and, startled, he rocked forward a single step.  Bobbi leaned in.  “Someone’s trying to kill him,” she said, her voice cutting.  “And it’s hard to miss the fact that those attempts accelerated right around the time you walked through the front door.”
“A risk I’m willing to take,” Tony said.  He waited until the were all gone, and turned to Pepper.  “Do you really think he’s a threat?”
"Not always," Franklin said.  He didn't even raise his head to say it, which didn't help his cause.
“Oh!  Jan told me about this!” Danny Rand popped up behind Luke’s back, his eyes wide.  He was wearing a truly terrible Christmas sweater and oversized Santa hat.  “Mistletoe!”
DJ came tearing across the great hall, water shedding from his pants with every step.  Laughing, Steve held out his hands, grabbing him before he could crash into Mrs. Parker.  “Did you go into the bucket?” he asked, standing up and taking DJ with him.
“Yes,” DJ said,  he held up a hand towards the screen, and Tony tapped his hand against DJ's on the screen.  DJ grinned.  “Feel better?”
Steve was staring at the table, his face unreadable.  “You don't think we should, though.”
“We used soap,” May said, coming up the hallway behind Steve, a folded stack of towels cradled in her arms.  She smiled at Tony, her eyes dancing.  “I am beginning to think he dislikes clothes.”
“No, seriously, what the fuck?” Trip asked.  “Do all of you just…  Deal with this?  All the time?”
“Just like this?” Tony asked with a wry smile. “I was hoping to lie down again.”
“Well, as long as there’s no tongue,” she said, waving at Steve, “have at him.”
“No time like the present to learn,” Clint said.  He was dancing a box step with a woman half a head taller than him, who was probably old enough to be his mother.  “Come on, Doc, let's cut a rug.”
“Yes, and that’s why I’m paying for your college education, so that you’re beholden to me and you have no choice but to handle things like board meetings, press conferences and Pepper.”
“Or really, really doesn't,” O'Brien agreed.  He nodded at the file folder.  “Miss Potts has requested any updates on the situation that we might be able to provide her.  Take that along with you, and Rogers?”
“Even if he was, I’m not sure why it matters,” Tony said.  He tossed a few pawns onto the table.  “He’s a child.  His intelligence, or lack of it, really shouldn’t determine if he’s worthy of being-” He stopped, not sure how to verbalize it.  “He deserves a family, because-”
The passenger door opened, and Tony stumbled out, his face white, his eyes huge, and relief hit Steve like a physical impact.  He didn’t slow down, didn’t drop the shield, just plowed forward, and Tony met him halfway.
DJ looked up at Steve, who gave him a reassuring nod.  “C’mon,” he said, his voice quiet.  “You can have a robe of your own, if you want.”
Steve pointed at him.  “See?  That's the face.”
Tony laughed, and for some reason, Steve felt his face heat.  Tony picked up the coins.  “Thank you for your business,” he said, and Steve nodded.
DJ's face soured in an instant, and he ducked down behind the car, until just the top of his head was visible, big dark eyes peering along the edge of the metal.  Steve shook his head.  “We can still see you.  You know that, right?”
Suddenly exhausted, he wandered back to the living room, where Jarvis still had a fire going in the hearth.  He dropped down onto the couch, his breath leaving him in a soft groan.  For a moment, he just watched the fire.  He held the bells up in front of him and gave them one last shake.  They rang, clear and bright, in the silence of the room, and he leaned forward, dropping them onto the coffee table.
DJ nodded. “Did you try to poison me?” he asked, and everyone else in the room stood up as one.
“How long?”
Bruce blinked at him.  “Are we going by first name or-”
Tony studied him, his eyebrows cocked.  “Except suffer.”
“Can't hurt,” the news director agreed. “If you'll follow me?”
"The cabal of people who prefer you not be tarred and feathered every time you set foot outside does in fact include me,” Phil said.  “But I do not act independently of the group.”
The next thing he knew, he was hit from behind, a heavy body bearing him straight down to the carpeted floor.
Tony took a deep breath.  “No.”
He was pretty sure he was going to end up getting blamed for this.  Which really, really pissed him off.
“The comfort of human touch?” Sam asked.  He braced an elbow on the arm of his chair, leaning his cheek against the cradle of his hand.  “Which, I might add, is something that human beings need in order to maintain mental and physical health, but which we're denied by modern society, by and large.”
“Mmm.” Isaiah tossed it to him.  “Found a little Mexican bakery, couple of blocks away.  Nice lady.  Knew her way around a pastry.”  He paused it next to the desk, leaning over to tap the head of his cane against the coffee maker.  He gave Steve a glare.  “Tell me you didn’t use this.”
“Now that her highness has broken the ice, we’re doing this alphabetically,” Tony declared.  “Otherwise, it’ll be an hour of ‘you go,’ ‘no, you go,’ and I want to eat sometime today.” He took a sip of his cocoa and pointed at Bruce.  “Banner.  You’re up.”
Harris frowned, suspicion flickering across his features.  “What are you-”
DJ held up both of his hands, which were just as red.  “Cherries!” he said, sounding proud.
“I am not,” Rhodey agreed.  He lead the way back through the penthouse to the kitchen, Steve following close behind him.  “I mean, he’s got enough coffee here to stave off sleep for a decade or so, but if you’d like to eat something, your choices are frozen canapes, cans of nuts and bags of pretzels.”
“Right, of course, how foolish of me to ask.” Tony grinned at Steve over DJ’s head.  “Did you know his pants were upstairs?” he asked.
“How’re we doing?” Darcy asked, her voice cheerful, and Harris buried his face in the nearest pillow with a groan.  “Ah.  That good.”
“I’d say no,” Steve said, pushing away from the wall.  “But I’m desperate, so…”  He thrust the bag at Rhodey.  “I brought breakfast.”
“Wanna be the big spoon,” Tony grumbled.
“You love numbers,” Rhodey said, as Peter heaved a very long-suffering sigh, pushing himself off of his stool to go and collect the papers.  DJ was there before him, snatching them up and darting around Tony’s legs.
“I think you’re looking for the spores,” Strange said, lowering DJ’s feet down onto the landing.
Nakia held up a hand.  “Your Majesty, please.  This requires a woman’s touch.”
“Not late enough, apparently,” Tony said.  Someone darted behind him, and it was everything he could do not to flinch.  He couldn't quite focus on anything, no matter how hard he stared at the readout of the cooker, he couldn't make it make sense.  “Let's just get through this.”
In the silence that followed, Peter just kept going.  “There’s just a door.  There’s a door.  With what I think is a constellation of stars carved in it, but it’s hard to say because it’s less ‘carving’ and more that jit looks like someone just stabbed the door a lot.”  He looked over his shoulder, back down the hallway towards the front door.  “Stabbed the door with stars, and I think that’s bad for the knife and the door and I think a sign would be a better idea, instead of some stabby, stabby stars that-”
He made a non-committal sound.  “Eventually.”
Tony took it from him, holding it up in front of him.  “We have a new family motto,” he said, his chest aching.  He wrapped and arm around DJ, dragging him in for a hug.  “Did you design these?”  DJ looked at him, his dark eyes dancing, but he put his head down on Tony’s shoulder without saying a word.  “Right.”  Tony ruffled his hair.  “Right.”
