"Fuck--" Tony panted heavily, rutting his abused cock against the desk. "Steve, please--"
"Yes, my liege." Steve spoke dramatically, laughing as he scooped Tony up into a bridal carry and brought him to the bathroom.
Clint laughed, leaning on Nat.
"Might as well get it all out and over with, yeah? Steve
." She hummed, biting into a piece of bacon.
"Adorable," Tony murmured, setting it aside.
"Yes! I love when things work out. Now we can hold a conversation instead of you being mute the whole summer." Tony said thankfully, sending Steve a quick wink.
With Tony having been working constantly down in the lab, it gave Steve plenty of time to plan out what to do for Tony's birthday. He had the evening planned out, had gotten to talk with Bruce in private for help with part of the present. But with all of the time he had to himself, only really going down to the lab to at least make sure Tony was eating and bringing the man coffee, he missed Tony. So he was glad that that the man at least was going to take a break for his birthday.
"Gorgeous," he hummed, throwing open the bedroom door to Steve.
"I can't keep my goddamn hands off you," Tony grunted, biting his neck before dragging him off toward the bedroom, "Too damn sexy, makes my cock stir, damn--"
Steve sighed deep as he settled back into the bed and kept Peter comfortable. He just wanted Peter happy, but hated having to punish the boy the few times they had. No matter what anyone says, that’s the hardest part of being a parent.
Clint let out a determined huff of air.
"You wanna watch the robots with us, Samwich?" He asked playfully, "Wanna see the robots change into cars and planes, huh?"
Steve looked at Tony carefully, lightly questioning.
"Yeah, yeah, alright." Steve said with a grin back, settling back in the bed a trying to drift back to sleep until the soreness had subsided.
"Shhhhh, Papa," Peter complained, "M'tryin' t'do this is m'
"What jammies you wanna wear tonight, kiddo?" He asked before he would head over and grab a pair.
"Hopeless romantic. Just can't help it. RomComs are definitely a weakness." He chuckled softly, lifting his hips to help Tony out. "And there is nothing wrong with being a little cheesy."
He leaned over to give Steve another kiss, booping their noses together.
"That’s my boys." He whispered fondly, sighing wistfully at the scene.
"I wanna get 'im a pink marker," Peter explained, "He's got funny lines on 'im, an' I betcha he'd wanna cover 'em up, so he can use deh marker to make them all the same color."
can't find words, then that tells you something." Bucky chimed with a smirk.
In the shop, Tony sighed happily at his completed desk, smoothing a hand over the wood; it had been much easier to build than he had thought, especially since he already had reinforcements pre-made that he could put in. Smirking, he ran to grab his other toys, carefully putting them in the desk drawers. For an added touch, he pulled his fake glasses out from the bag, slipping them onto his face.
"Oh yeah. I can finally do illegal things legally," Tony laughed, leaning back against Steve's chest under the spray, "It’s good to know I can buy the
Tony quickly scooped the boy up and dried him off, efficiently stuffing him into his undies and pajamas.
"I figured you knew," Clint replied, brows creased, "My brother told me before Nat and I ran off--"
more thorough, I just wanted you to be able to walk for work," Tony snorted, kissing his cheek.
"I have absolutely zero complaints with that. I'll fuck you good." He husked, moving to nip at the tip of Tony's ear. "Make you feel real good."
e," Tony warned, "You're asking for it."
"You's can't color yets Sammy," Peter told the baby matter-of-factly, scooting up to Steve's side, "You's can't use my cwayons."
Steve quickly looked back at Tony, as if he just realized Tony was even there.
Steve gave a hum in response, looking up at Tony carefully as he tried to get used to having the gag in his mouth. He had never used it before now. He rubbed his face against Tony's hand gently in appreciation for the compliment.
He sighed happily, looking over at the mound of gifts.
"What else do we wanna add to our picnic, you think?".
He leaned down to press a gentle kiss to Steve's temple, scooting back to slot himself between Steve's legs.
Steve's eyes followed where Tony was looking, eyes warily looking back at the man
"Hey, you okay? You left pretty quickly at dinner." He said quietly, sitting down beside the tub.
He buried his face in Peter's bear hoodie, hugging the boy to his chest.
"Santa wouldn't have come otherwise," Tony sing-songed, standing to go over and greet the guests, "Stevie's making some semblance of breakfast, then we can do other gifts afterward."
Steve smooched Peter's cheek as they headed upstairs, the boy nibbling his cookie but still confused.
"I believe I know what he is here to see...".
He reached over to brush Steve's bangs out of his face, giving him a small smirk.
Tony grinned, carefully removing one of the slats on Bucky's arm to straighten it before replacing it, flicking his welder on.
"Love it, love your cock," Tony whimpered, head bowed as he fucked down onto Steve. He made tiny, quiet sounds, seizing up at the arousal bubbling in his abdomen. "S-Steve, baby--"
He leaned up, languidly pressing his mouth against Steve's, nibbling on his bottom lip. Steve gave a small whine at that, wanting, wanting so badly to capture those lips. Capture the taste. He ran his hands along Tony's back, giving a soft nod up at him.
"Please take one," Tony wheezed, "They're heavy together."
"Your turn," Tony called, "I need to caffeinate."
Two days later, Steve finally got his memories back. He said 'yes' before Tony even got all of the question out, sealing the deal with a kiss.
Steve blinked, looking back at Tony confused until it clicked in his brain. His eyes then glanced down towards his Sylveon, surprise and intrigue in his expression.
Once they made it to their home and in the garage, Steve did not want to stay in the car. He quickly grabbed up all their packed bags and waited for Tony to tag along so they could see their boy.
"Ten minutes. Gotcha." He huffed, rolling over and kissing along Tony's jawline.
Peter nodded in understanding, squirming slightly as he flicked his eyes over to Tony.
"Good time last night?" Steve asked with a chuckle.
Peter just cried more, limp as Tony set him on his feet, crouching to quickly take off his day clothes and stuff him into his onesie.
"You good, babe?" Tony hummed, flicking his tongue out at Steve's slit as he pulled off, "I love you, y'know. Love your taste."
"Think you'd be okay to come back down with me to finish dinner? Or do you still want a little while?" Steve asked quietly, lightly kissing Tony's temple.
bad."
"I'm--
"No, please, I won't do it again, I'm sorry," Tony babbled, biting his lip as he edged towards the side of the bed, whimpering softly, "Please, Sir--"
"That sounds fair," Tony murmured, "I'll give you your punishment before bed, sweets."
"Twenty-five dollars." He stated. "That's a lot for a scarf." Steve shook his head. It wasn't his place to judge. "Uh, I live down the hall and they delivered your mail to me by mistake. Came to give it to you.".
"Today was ex'saustin'..." Peter mumbled sleepily, snuggling his penguin. "Walkin' and cryin' and bakin'... Its hawd work..." He yawned softly.
The boy sniffled and ducked his head into Steve's neck, a red flush creeping down his neck.
"He did make good points, it just sucks that half my brain is telling me not to believe him," Tony huffed, picking up Steve's hand, "I'll get there. One day."
Tony ruffled the boy's hair fondly, going over to kiss Steve's cheek before washing his hands.
"Oooold," Bucky wheezed, cracking his back, "God, we both are."
As an afterthought, he laughed, closing his door quickly while he rooted through his nightstand for his jewelry box, clipping in his nipple rings and double piercings on his right ear.
Steve didn't know what to do with that.
"That smarted a little, hon," He hummed softly.
Steve came with a moan soon after, feeling Tony clench. He helped them both ride out their highs, rubbing soothing circles into Tony's hips. "So good, Tony... So, so good..." He panted out, leaning to kiss the man gently.
"Its in the pantry, Boo-Boo." The blond joked in a Yogi Bear voice, cutting up the apples into slices. "You think you can get it okay, bubba?".
He relaxed himself under Steve's slender, soft fingers, the blond definitely being a quick learner. Must be a perk of his military mindset, however it is that it works underwater. Steve kept up a careful, even pace, even doing so much as adding a slight twist to an upstroke that just turned Tony into butter under his hand. The twist might of been an accident at first, but Steve must've caught on to the positive reaction because he continued to add that to his movements.
"Hm, I think he's giggling because we were smooching." Steve smirked, swooping in and smooching at Peter's cheeks playfully. The boy shrieked in giggles, wiggling under the kisses.
"It's a gift," he purred back, "I just know how to turn you on."
"Tony...?" He called out quietly, searching for the other as he glanced around the room.
"Mmm. He looks up to both of us," Tony murmured, "He's a cute kid."
"So that's what you've been working on." Steve chuckled, trying not to hop up on the table.  He snaked his hands into Tony's back pockets, giving his husband's backside a squeeze. "Already anxious, hm?"
"Nope! You could say I kinda did a Spidah-Man thingy." He shrugged triumphantly.
Text Message History: Steve Rogers
“What happened to wanting it kept under wraps?” Tony asked, turning towards the blond with a questioning expression “Thought you didn’t want this getting out.”
Steve sighed at that, but nodded. The boy had no idea how right he was. Tony never really tries to be careful with himself. Only really when he is with Peter and Steve.
"So, does he have any friends? Bonus points for attractive, single ones with their tattoo?" Natasha asked Tony, setting the boxes she was carrying into the kitchen.
Tony groaned dramatically as he scooped the boy up, smooching Peter's cheek.
As they worked on signing the papers, Steve couldn't help the excited energy buzzing in him. He tried not to cringe when he caught a glimpse at the price (although Tony had tried to hide it from him), but he tried not to worry about it, skimming over the papers carefully before signing. Once the signing was complete, Tony happily took the house keys from Babs, nodding as she rattled off the rest of the liability paper. He thanked her and shook her hand before taking her out to her car, waving as she drove off.
"C'mon you," he murmured, "Bedtime."
Tony smirked, gently skirting his fingers down to Steve's leaking entrance.
"I think I'm in good shape for a couple more rounds," Steve purred, getting up onto the desk and crawling above Tony. "And don't you roll your eyes at me, mister. I love when we just get the chance to be sweet on each other." He explained, leaning down to nip playfully on Tony's bottom lip.
"The funny thing is, I don't think he's ever been with a guy until last night. So she must have quite an impression on 'im." Steve hummed, kissing the top of Tony's head. "And Clint yelled because he saw the ring. And Bruce mentioned something called Red Light, and there was waffles. That was the extent of the breakfast." He chuckled.
"You may not have hurt anyone, but it is the fact that you have been having sexual relations at school--at your age, no less-- that makes it bad, Tony." He scolded. "Now, either you will come here across my lap now or I'll have to bring out my belt. Do you want that?"
"Reading your research papers? I think he'll appreciate that a lot." The blond hummed thoughtfully.
He ran his hands over his face, still shivering a bit. Steve looked over at Tony with apologetic eyes.
"Love you too, Peter." Steve answered with a small smile, kissing Peter's cheek as he sat a bowl of soup in front of the boy.
He slipped his phone back in his pocket and headed up a level to the studio, finding Tony set next to his easel. The blond swooped in for a quick kiss.
"S'not
"You have nothing to be sorry for, Tony. You are getting more bothered by it than I am waking up." Steve explained, waiting for the acceptance from Tony before he reached out to comfort him. He knew body contact after these nightmares could be touch and go, so lately he has been waiting for the okay before letting the instinct kick in.
"I learned from the best," The blond breathed as he pulled back for a moment, taking Tony in again.
"Don't gotta beg, baby." Steve hummed, slowly pressing the finger in and moving it smoothly. "I got ya, Tony. Don't worry, I gotcha..."
Tony leaned in to continue, kissing up along the blond's jaw and nipping gently at the skin. He moved them so Steve was slightly straddled beneath him, his lips kissing and latching softly onto the other's collarbones.
"Yeah, yeah. Laugh it up, Little Bit.".
"Happy Birthday!" Steve said happily, sweeping in and kissing Tony's cheek. Before he pulled away, he whispered softly in Tony's ear. "This isn't your special surprise for tonight, but it’s a main surprise--" he grinned, pulling away. "It’s your 21st, so we wanted to do something special, so why not a surprise party?"
," Tony said warningly, "Papa and I have good reason for this, you know that."
"You're a saint." Tony lifted his head off Steve's lap so he could get up, rolling over to watch him. "You're so gorgeous, oh my god," he said softly.
Tony whined miserably at how slow Steve was going, forcing himself to not fuck himself on Steve's fingers. Steve could feel Tony holding back, keeping his movements the same pace regardless.
"Tony!" Steve said a bit surprised, cheeks going red. "I can't exactly have Bucky pick him up right this second. And we don't even know if he wants to go." He explained softly, biting his lip a bit. "And what if Peter decides to come in here again?"
Steve pouted softly, wrapping his arms around Tony's neck. "I guess if I have to wait. I really wish I could know, though." He murmured, nuzzling Tony's neck.
"Why they gotta eat fishies," Peter whined, "Poor fishies..."
Tony bent down to kiss his spine, slightly picking up his pace.
Once Peter was settled in with math and a chemistry set--under the order to
"Unless you plan on doing this now, I'm going to sleep on the floor," Tony laughed, kissing his nose, "It's not nice to tease those of us that can't resist."
"We'll just make sure he is occupied during then." Steve said simply. "We'll play and nap with him to keep him distracted."
Steve was confused for a moment before he realized.
"So needy for it, aren't you?" He hummed, taking out his fingers and moving to go slick up his cock. "Is this how you are with that boyfriend of yours? So needy for him inside you, huh?" Steve asked as he slowly pushed into Tony.
Steve nodded softly, noising at the touch. He wasn't really sure
"Hey, I didn't think I did
"Nonsense, you have no idea how I organize," Tony grumbled, grinning triumphantly when he pulled out the book he was looking for.
"Oh, Peter--" Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, taking a second to stare off into space.
He turned to look at Steve and Peter, putting a hand on his hip and sighing.
"Gotta beg for it, sweetheart," he purred, flicking the top button of Steve's dress shirt open, "Definitely gotta beg."
, squeakers," he teased, grabbing the discarded towels off the floor to throw them into the hamper.
"You started it." Steve chuckled, scrunching his nose softly. "But don't sleep on the floor. It’s your bed, and the floor isn't comfortable. I'd sleep on the floor before I'd let you."
Tony got his hands under Steve's hips, thrusting deeper into him.
DUM-E whirred dejectedly, but did as he was told before rolling his way over to Steve. The bot examined the man with curious beeping noises, moving his crane out gently towards the blond.
"Peter Benjamin Parker Stark-Rogers!"
When Tony woke up, a familiar weight rested on his back, bouncing up and down.
Steve kissed the top of Tony's head and nuzzled at his hair softly.
"Laid? Papa wasn't laid by a chicken, dummy," Peter interjected, startled by the laughter from the adults, "What?"
Tony chuckled, standing up from the bed with a stretch.
"Little brotha got hurt." Peter pouted, leaning to kiss Sammy's band-aid. "Kissies help."
“That why you’re naked, too?” Sam asked raising a brow as his eyes did a once over on the man.
"You'll become my slave. Unable to return to your friends or to visit your precious human again."
Tony explained what he could here and there about how they make the drawings 'move', helping the blond focus during important story parts. Eventually, Steve settled down enough to focus on what was actually happening, curling up and laying against Tony's side at one point as they watched. Tony just hoped the other couldn't feel his heartbeat speed up a bit when he had curled up to him.
Pepper looked down at Tony, rubbing at his back. "So, um. Who is that guy exactly?" She whispered at Tony, a bit curious since she had never saw him before. And here he was, helping when only people close to Tony were here helping.
," Tony laughed, reaching for the baby wipes, "You can't wipe paint on your Papa, kid."
He grinned and scooted back so he could switch places with Steve, spreading his legs for the blond.
Peter immediately perked up at the sound of that, starting to pull Steve along as they got closer to the park.
" Tony faux pouted. "Its only a by few inches. Besides, I'm teaching you how to dance, so be nice to me." He grinned.
The blond's hips bucked upwards, mouthing a silent groan. The cuffs clinked softly as his hands moved on instinct to pet at Tony's hair, but to no avail.
"I like it," Tony murmured back to Steve, smooching his palm.
"Gotcha, love." He gasped, slowly getting his hips to move and thrust.
"Mhm, I'll stay," Tony hummed, gently rocking them, "Go ahead and sleep, sweetie. I'm not going anywhere."
Tony smiled at the box, pulling on his black knee-highs and black garters, clipping them onto the frilly red panties he's bought with Steve. He hummed comfortably, pulling a red, lacy corset over his chest, admiring himself in the mirror.
"Again! Again! Again!" He hopped up and down.
He sat up and leaned over to give his husband a gentle smooch, sliding off the bed to pad over to their en suite.
"Really? That's awful. Poor ki-- he
"We talked about your little 'hobby', as you put it." He stated softly. "You don't have to do that ever again, Tony. You can come to me if you have troubles. Because if you were to...cut too deep and I wasn't around to help, I--". He swallowed quietly, shaking his head. "I just don't want you to hurt. And I don't want to lose you because you were hurting and I didn't know about it."
"Maybe. But Dr. Frankenstein stole from the graves. Because it was less suspicious." The blond stated. "Why would our suspect risk being caught with such evidence left behind? And why would those parts be the only ones important from Mr. Wilson here?"
“Human clothes don’t really fit right on huge ass wolves.” Tony explained back, crossing his arms. “I’ll have to work on something to keep his clothes from shredding each time, but him being in there right now is probably best. Bruce and I are trying to help with as much as we can, but we aren’t exactly werewolf experts.”
"Are you serious? Did you pull a freakin' 'Little Mermaid'? Steve, why would-- Look, we can figure this out when we get you inside and in some clothes." the genius explained in aggravation, helping the man on his feet. "Lets get you walking, huh?"
"Don't tell me I don't pay attention to you. Who do you think payed for you to go to MIT? For you to go here?."
"Point." Tony left his stuff where he stood, flocking down the stairs to pull on his shoes, a hoodie, and fingerless gloves.
Rhodey listened intently as Tony spoke, writing down notes frequently as he did.
"Really?" Tony put on a face of mock surprise, "I guess I'll just test it again."
"Good."
"Clint, shush," Natasha swatted the back of his head, "He's probably asleep."
"I can't help it. He reminds me of his father," Tony hummed leaning up to peck Steve on the cheek, "Or maybe I'm just a sap."
"Peter, no. Baby, we didn't lie to you. C'mere, sweetie." Steve soothed, scooping up the boy in his arms.
"I said actual penguins. I would hope it would be alive." Steve said carefully, raising a brow at Tony slightly.
you love me," Tony teased, resting his hands on Steve's hips, "Otherwise, it'd be
"Of course, baby." Steve smiled, leading the boy there. "We have to get your penguin and Daddy's shark, don't we?" He grinned. "Think I could get you to pick one you think matches me, too?"
Peter giggled at the two as if he saw a secret exchange between them.
, ooh
be here anymore," Tony shouted back, angrily rifling through his drawer till he got his hand up into the back, feeling for the little latch that released his blade. He drew it out with a steady hand, shucking his sweats to his knees before sitting on the edge of the tub.
"What're ya gonna do when I'm done, Daddy?" He asked, smoothing out his shirt and looking up at Tony.
"A woman?" Steve asked curiously, eyeing Tony's body language. The tone of his voice was off, too--
"I know, but--it's worth a shot, right?" Tony hummed in content at the attention, happily breathing in Steve.
"Peter--"
"Because Sammy woke us up when he was hungry, and he just hasn't wanted to go back to sleep yet." Steve hummed, raising an eyebrow playfully at the boy. "What were
"Anyway, you may not know what help you need, but that shouldn't stop you from letting me try." The blond continued, kissing Tony's temple. "For better or worse, in sickness and in health, right?"
Tony shook his head, "Only if you want one, babe. I don't want to accidentally spit on anyone."
Peter pressed wet kisses all over Tony's face, roaring again before kissing Steve.
Tony made another 'bleh' noise, laying down so his face was in the covers. "Mm-mm," he replied in a negative muffle.
Steve looked to him softly, glancing to his stomach and back. "I think your stomach is thinking differently, hon. I can make something else if oatmeal's not your thing."
He laughed softly, tipping his head back to kiss Steve's cheek.
"You're so gorgeous, Steve. So beautiful," He murmured, dancing his fingertips down Steve's chest again, "I could just sit here and enjoy you. I don't need to do anything sexual-- God, I'm turning into a sap."
"I was performing an impromptu rescue mission, which was a success by the way. And I think that is a mask of some sort. For armor or something.".
He lit his pipe and took a long puff, draping himself over his chair so his khakis were tight across his groin. Not one to do things on accident, Tony blew smoke up to the ceiling, carefully watching his partner.
"It's just a little ouchie, honey, we're gonna get you all patched up," Tony hummed, whisking the baby over to the diaper station.
"All right then. That's the first thing we need to ask about then." He stated. "What is it that it will take, in your opinion, for you to believe it? And more importantly, why would you choose to still believe what the man who did all of those horrible things to you told you? You have been away from him and had help from your friends for so long, I'd start believing I have that help. So we will help you get there, man. Okay?"
"I did it again, I'm sorry, I couldn't-- I really needed--" Tony babbled through his forced breaths, tenderly touching the healing cuts and burns on his arm, "I'm sorry, I freaked out--"
"I know you like classy, so I went a little old-fashioned," Tony hummed, setting their suitcases in the master bedroom, "Though I went a little modern with silk sheets."
"Thank you," Tony replied with a fond smile.
The door opened almost instantly, Clint at the door with a smile.
"Does it?" Tony asked curiously, letting his hand trail down to snake under Steve's shirt and gently touch at the soft skin below the fabric. "Were your scales sensitive? Is that a sensitive part of your people's bodies?"
"You lied t'me."
"Y'gonna make me sleep," he mumbled, eyes already closed.
"Almost, bubba, almost." The blond assured. "The nurse is bringing him."
"It’s the Hans Yurich Department of Renaissance Arts. It’s the huge building down near 45th." He informed, buckling into his seat.
"M'too cold," the boy mumbled, slightly creeping into the room.
He felt his fingers intertwine with Tony's, the other giving his hand a reassuring squeeze. Steve was pulled into a gentle kiss, soft but heated and full of longing that both had built up for so, so long. When they parted, Tony looked up at him as their foreheads gently bumped together, a loving smile on the brunet's lips.
Steve wriggled slightly on the couch happily, excited to try human food! He didn't know what exactly pizza was or what cooking is, but he figured if Tony liked it,then it must be good. As long as it was better than krill and seaweed.
"Yeah, love how you look like that, Tony. Love hearing you... Hope to hear you more."
"Speedy there, aren't ya?" Steve chuckled, finishing his breakfast to put away his dishes. He grabbed their coats and made sure Peter was bundled up good before scooping him up again and heading to the car.
"Too bad, pipsqueak. Didja think coming to cuddle us would entail you staying up longer?" Tony laughed.
"A-ah, Steve--" Tony's groans turned into laughter and a sharp gasp, making sure his head was off to the side when he sat up.
"I got it. It’s probably the bed, right?" Steve yelled back, heading downstairs to answer the door. When he opened it, he was met with a delivery man and a huge mattress. "Yeah, it’s the bed." He murmured. "Here, I'll help you, sir."
"Ah, just some tall and gorgeous blond guy. You haven't seen anyone around like that, have ya?"
Steve watched Tony carefully, but didn't say anything. His thoughts however ran rampant in his mind as Tony packed, against his wishes.
Steve nodded in understanding, kissing the top of Tony's head.
"We will. We'll bring you some back." The blond responded, picking up Peter and smooching at Tony's cheek. "We'll be back, love."
teasing about it how fucking gorgeous you are. Like, damn. Damn."
"Well, look at you! Washing up your hair by yourself." Steve said proudly. "Just like a big kid. I'm going to help you rinse though, okay? Getting it all out of your hair is a little tough the first time." He hummed.
"Months from now. I wanna spend time christening," Tony snickered, pulling his phone out, "Ready to move in? Or d'you wanna take a day?"
Tony looked up from his pillow, giving Peter a look until the kid sighed and hopped off the bed, trudging back to his room.
Sammy gathered bubbles in his little hands, squealing happily as he splashed around. He reached up for Steve, whimpering turning to bawling when he wasn't picked up right away.
"N-n--ah," Tony moaned, eyes slipping open at the sensation. He whined softly, threading his fingers into Steve's hair.
He came not long after with a deep moan, head resting against Tony's back as orgasm washed over him.
Steve hummed into him contently. "You can lay on top of me completely, though...?" He offered up, leaning into Tony's touches.
"It’s definitely not you being hairy and green." Bucky pointed out, Peter giggling softly.
Steve could do no more than huff a small chuckle, still trying to fall from his high. He simply moved to curl around Tony the best he could in his stated, nestling into the crook of Tony's neck. Tony hummed softly as Steve curled up to him, tugging a blanket over their entwined bodies.
He adjusted it on Steve's already swollen cock, a smirk on his lips.
"If you want to be sorer, keep it up," he hummed, "Do remember we bought a riding crop and leather paddle, dear."
Tony was headed towards the door, but stopped before leaving and turned back to Howard.
"Am I allowed to discipline this one," he asked bluntly, managing a straight face at Peter's ghostly complexion.
"Peter wants to watch Terminator, and I said that might be a bit too mature." Steve explained. "What say you, love?"
and leaving Steve to raise those kids himself." He seethed. "You are so much fuckin' better than your father was to you. And people only end up like their parents if they let themselves. And
"Only two, I don't want you up all night on a sugar high," Tony hummed, petting Peter's curls, "Then y'gonna have a bath, okay?"
"Anythin' for you. Any particular way you want it?" Tony hummed back, moving to be propped up over Steve.
Peter gave the cup a suspicious glance before picking it up, taking a calculating sip. He sighed in content at the lack of fizz, nursing the apple juice while he finished off his food.
"Mmm, I know that means you have an idea." Steve referred to the tapping. "I love when you get ideas. Usually." He grinned warmly.
Peter nodded and really tried to get through the movie, but once the machine guns came into play, he ended up burying his face in Steve's chest, whimpering as he curled up in his Papa's lap.
"Love you, Tony." Steve whispered with a warm smile, leaning in and kissing his forehead before shaking him lightly awake. "Cookies are done now, love."
"You call your second mom by her first name?" Tony asked, genuinely curious, "Is that an 'I'd call her Mrs. Rogers but she'd kick my a-- butt' thing?"
Steve hadn't been there to watch that Tony save them, but he felt it probably wasn't much different than when his Tony had drifted, wanting to hold on for Pepper and for Morgan, his wife telling him it was okay. That he could rest.
He packed the blanket carefully into the bag, adding a couple changes of clothes and diapers before heading back downstairs.
Steve nodded in understanding, kissing Tony's forehead as the man settled.
"I wanna help you."
"Nothin' to be sorry for." Steve replied, crawling back over above Tony once more and slightly straddling his waist.
When they came back with Peter in an apron, he couldn't help but smile. "He looks adorable, Tony."
kissies."
“That and sounds, I think.” Steve added with a hum, Tony giving a noise of assurance as well.
"Told you he kicks ferociously. Let's sign him up for soccer," Tony laughed, pressing slopping kisses over Peter's cheeks.
"About us," Tony clarified, wrapping his hand around Steve's cock, "Specifically, about me making love to you in my bed."
Tony bit his lip and shrugged.
Tony startled himself awake, breathing heavy as he looked down at Steve. He tried to speak but could only whimper, laying down to curl into Steve's warmth again.
"Yeah, yeah, shoosh," Tony soothed, easing himself into the bath in front of Steve, relaxing into his warm chest.
"Don' like gettin' wet," Peter groused, pouting over Steve's back.
should be here,
Peter didn't get it, didn't understand. And he couldn't tell the boy without Tony getting more upset about it. Steve pulled a pillow over his face, giving an exasperated groan into the fabric.
The man looked at Tony for a second and then back to Steve.
"Sorry. Tony gets a bit tied up in his work when he has an idea prodding at his brain." He explained as the reasoning for now.
"So, what you were trying to tell me... was that you like me? Like 'more than a friend' like me?" Tony asked with confusion in his voice. Steve started to blush again and nodded. Tony scoffed and smirked.
He snuck over to Peter's room, peeking up into the boy's bed, slightly surprised to see him awake.
"Wine, Stark? We're getting fancy at this dinner--"
The blond blinked at the other for the moment, giving a hum in thought.  "Your eyes are on me the whole time, yet you don't receive the lecture. What is it you think about as you stare at me, Tony?"
Wheeling himself out from under the machine, Tony looked up at Steve, then his hand, squinting at the blood.
Steve let out a soft sigh as he patted Sammy's back to burp him.
Steve cocked an eyebrow and touched his face.
Steve hummed contently at the position, leaning into the light touches of Tony's hand.
"You'se tryin' ta fly like Iron Man?!!!"
"Yep, definitely, I definitely do," Tony stammered, "We should--we should go fix that. Right now. Mhm."
Peter squirmed uncomfortably, shaking his head.
"Yeah, definitely. When Bruce comes you can talk with him,” he murmured, “And I
Tony leaned behind them to kiss Steve, eliciting another groan from the boy.
"Mmmm, wha, wha's up," He mumbled, shaking slightly as he was jolted from sleep, "Oh. Hello, Mr. Eager." He laughed, and sat up to stretch, sighing happily as his back cracked.
Tony dragged Steve over and pushed him onto the bed, swiftly unbuckling his belt and tossing it aside. He went for Steve's shirt and stopped, switching to gently taking it off.
Sammy babbled up at him and reached up to play with his beard, kicking his legs out.
"Automated butler, and more intelligent than you, Barton," Tony drawled with a raised eyebrow, "Don't be shy, Jay. Introduce yourself."
"This okay, buddy?"
The stylist settled the blond into a beautician's chair first thing first, the waving over a woman named Tatianna who leaned Steve back to settle his head into a sink to wash through his hair.
"Don't mean I don't
, Rogers," he breathed, gently stroking him through his briefs.
Peter screwed up his face, angrily shutting his coloring book and tossing his crayon aside, standing with a teary huff. He stomped out of the room, marched up the stairs to his bedroom, slammed the door behind him and crawled into bed.
Peter squinted at the page.
"Uh-uh. Only been a week," Peter grinned, snuggling into Steve's chest, "Unca Buck an' I pwayed a lotta games an' Auntie Tasha made me a cake--"
Steve hummed thoughtfully at Tony's reply, sliding the silk between his hands.
"Sorry, munchkin. We were talking secrets." Steve chuckled, smooching Peter's nose. "And we need to talk about this whole business of you thinking I was having a baby, you."
have other things I want to do today. But those can wait."
Steve started to bob a bit faster, working Tony the best he could with his mouth. He sucked and licked and teased, trying to get Tony to come.
, but waiting's fine."
Once again, Tony used his selective hearing, and ignored the second part of Steve's statement.
Steve sat his phone back down after his text, getting back to scrubbing on the couch. "Daddy is not happy with what you did. When he's done with his meetings, you are in trouble."
"Creeeeeepy," Peter grinned nonetheless.
"Mm. C'mon, we're gonna go now. I'm gonna make a list, drink a cup of coffee, and then we're gonna go. I want--I want to get you something before we--yeah," Tony flushed towards the end of his sentence, stealing a quick kiss before getting off Steve with a grin.
"We need to start wrapping things for him," Tony murmured, "I got a few other things from Santa, y'know?"
Steve turned to see a familiar mermaid staring back at him. Her brunette hair flowed gently in the water, but her eyes and tail fin both twitched with irritation. Steve straightened his back, not showing any signs of being intimidated. He looked back at the brunette and curtly nodded.
"Yeahyeahyeahyeahyeah! I wanna help!" He flailed.
"How did you get into my room, Steve?".
"What? You wanna scrub yourself?" Tony took his hand away, watching Peter try to lather himself up.
"Maybe, but hey, you're insanely strong mentally. And I love that." Steve purred as they curled up under the covers, reaching over and playing footsie. "I always had a thing for smart guys, y'know--"
"I can reach!" Peter proclaimed, nearly out of the swing as he tried to touch the ground with his tip toes. "I want ya ta swing toooooo."
"Well we can--
"Baba."
"Me. I would have smelled it," Tony grumbled, kissing Steve's shoulder, "I trust it's good, tho-- hey!" He ran up to the bakery window, almost putting his hands on the glass.
"Yeah, ghostie things. I'm a sucker for it," Tony chuckled, "I usually can call the film, but this one seems different. I don't scare easy, Rogers."
"Alright, it looks like its bedtime for you. Want you to sleep in an actual bed, not the couch." Tony huffed gently, before scooping up the other in his arms.
"Alright, ducky retirement, gotta get you in your warm pajamas so we can eat," Tony hummed, standing up to grab a towel.
"Uh huh," He mumbled, nuzzling against Steve's chest, "I like when Ariel s'in her cove an' she sings 'bout thingamabobs."
Steve nodded softly, settling back on the bed. He leaned up to kiss Tony softly in thanks, nuzzling his cheek as he pulled away.
"Mmm... Feels good." Steve hummed in content, eyes half lidded as he relaxed into the touch. "Magical hands, love." He smiled warmly
Tony laughed softly, picking the boy up and resting him on his own hip.
"Fuck, Steve--"
This is set 5 years after the previous chapter, so Steve is about 25 while Tony is about 23. Steve has become quite popular in the art world while Tony makes money as an inventor and engineer.
He paused. "Anal stuff."
"Where do you think he learned it from?" Steve stated, amping up the face. It really did upset him that Tony wouldn't tell him enough when it came to the man's wellbeing, so the face was warranted.
"We know you feel nervous about it, baby, but we are just trying to help. Daddy and I both have had our share with bullies, and we just want to try and stop it before it starts with you."
," the AI replied.
Peter happily snuggled up to his penguin as Steve drove off, gently petting its fluffy feathers.
"Daddy and I can't help we love each other and like kissing. It’s just what parents do together." Steve hummed in explanation. "You won't find it gross once you're married one day."
Tony was leading him to where he would get to sleep while he stayed in the man's home, a spacious room with a special sleeping rock called a bed.
Tony grabbed the key from his nightstand, quickly unlocking the handcuffs and putting them aside.
big for Christmas." He winked, giving Steve a knowing look.
"Maybe I want you to take me up on it." Steve smirked. "Maybe I'll come home from work, still all in uniform, and I can hold you for interrogation. Get you to talk?" He purred.
"Too, too long." Steve agreed with a moan, trying different angles to find the right spot. "We just can't really with Peter around. It’s difficult."
"Love when you mess with my hair." Steve returned, unlatching from Tony's neck and admiring the mark he made.
Peter sighed and shifted over, giving Steve more room.
The blond moaned softly against Tony's lips, back arching further with the third finger added. He let out a gasp when he felt fingers brush over his sweet spot. "There, right there--"
"In a way, I'm glad he did." Steve said fondly, giving Tony a warm smile.
Tony hollowed his cheeks as he pulled off, nosing at Steve's cock with a hum. Silently, he leaned up to capture Steve's lips, fumbling to the side to grab the lube from the nightstand drawer.
Steve set the table, setting plates of pancakes in front of everyone at the table and adding the syrup.
"Who knows? Maybe it’ll happen faster than you expect..."
"Really, I'm lucky I found Tony." Steve said softly with a smile. "If our mail person hadn't mixed up with our apartment numbers, we might not have met for even longer." He said softly.
'Oh, Tony! You're home.' Steve said pleasantly surprised, standing in front of the oven with big oven mitts on his hands and an apron haphazardly tied around his body. The source of the slightly singed smell came from a dish placed on top of the stove, the liquid it had in it browner than probably should have been.
"And I'm the only one allowed to have you." The blond panted, a possessiveness in his tone as he picked up the pace. "
"Wasn't it though?".
He grinned, biting his lower lip.
He shook his head, too innocent of a boy.
"Take it with a grain of salt, but I'd still do it. You can't ignore video evidence," Bucky replied quietly, adjusting a spider doll next to him, "Okay? I'm gonna skedaddle before they get home and figure what's up."
"Great. You're both conniving against me," Tony sighed dramatically, standing and swooping Peter up into his arms, "What a buncha dweebs."
"Mmm, fancy. I never had white wine before. We should try that." He grinned, letting his eyes rest from the pets.
He coughed into his elbow, shaking his head.
"Oh! Um, right now I guess we're just going to talk, and depending on the subject I am going to sketch out your different facial expressions to later decide which ones to use for the project.".
"Nope." Tony said bluntly. "He's working on his project tonight. Trying to finalize. Hey, can you pass me that Phillips?".
"Daddy!" Peter yelled, pouting up at them, "You and Papa alweady
"The first time around."
"Peter, will you wait out here for a couple minutes? I need to talk to Daddy in private for a moment, okay? Then we'll go to bed." He promised, smooching the boy's temple.
"What is it, Tony?" Steve asked sweetly, kissing his temple and cheeks.
"Sorry man, but you've been putting out all the signs. There is a reason I'm called Cupid, and its not just 'cause of the bow and arrows.".
"Please," Tony begged, thrusting his hips back.
"Sometimes I wish he wanted to be, buddy. I really do."
He swooped the boy out of Steve's arms, planting a kiss on each of his cheeks.
"As you always tell me, Stark-Rogers." Steve answered with a smile. "And I still don't plan on changing that, baby."
you..."
"Yeah," Pete nodded, "I can work on m'algebra."
"Take your time," Natasha replied, a small smile in her voice, "We'll hear from you later, Steve."
Tony's briefs were long gone, letting himself curl onto Steve's body for a moment, preening under the skin to skin contact.
up, anyway." Steve explained. "That seems fair. And I am going to be straightening things up before Bucky, Clint, Natasha, Pepper, and Bruce come over." He hummed, heading to his plate and kissing the boys thank you again.
Down in the lab, Tony ripped his goggles from his head, staring at the contraption in front of him. The upgrades had been easy and were already sent off, giving him ample time to work on Project Firefly. Grabbing the device, Tony carefully set it on the floor before stepping onto it, grinning as the metal boots quickly climbed up and clicked into place.
"Well, kid, you're definitely sleeping with me, but not for a raise. Are you suggesting I sleep with all them?" Tony hummed, putting his feet up on the desk, "How do you plan on resolving this issue of yours, Steven?"
He shifted in bed, unaware that he'd bled through to the sheets.
"Watch your language, young man," Tony scolded, "Remember what happened last time?"
"You're gonna tell me what it was later, yes?" He whispered smoothly, rubbing circles into Steve's back.
"I'm always willing to listen.".
"I just wanna make you happy and comfortable and have everything you want," Tony replied quietly, easily curling up into Steve's arms.
Steve grinned warmly and nodded.
"I never had a place in mind. And maybe I want to go to California?" Steve shrugged and smiled warmly. He gently grabbed onto Tony's shoulders.
"C'mon, Samwich. You gonna learn how Papa cooks big boy food, huh?" The blond cooed as they left the room.
"I think I wanna hear yours outside of the bedroom." He smirked back. "You have such a lovely voice when you do.”
"Steve? Pete?"
"I wanna see the sharks an' the manta rays an' the pawwot fishies an'--"
"You two are getting so big," Tony sighed, moving Peter so Sammy could lay on his chest.
"Not burnt. Just a little crispy. Still edible, trust me." Tony offered back with a warm smile. "Besides, I never have guests who want to make
"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry..."
"Take care, yourself. It was very nice to meet you." Steve said with a smile and a wave, squeezing Tony's hand back as they headed out to the car.
He grinned, more than happy to sit back and watch Steve work. As Steve finished up the envelope and smoothed out the outlines, he backed away with a smile and handed Tony a thick paintbrush.
Rhodey," Tony breathed, shaking the man's hand, "Pep's over the moon about you."
With one hand on the steering wheel and the other firmly held in Steve's hand, Tony pulled into the garage of
"Okay," Tony replied in a small voice, too exhausted to try and refuse food.
"Actually, I asked him." Steve grunted, helping set down the desk for a moment before taking it upstairs. "He has a, um, very nice aesthetic." He smiled softly.
"And a sick burn from the seven year old!" He laughed, surprised. "And I won't even tell him you said that because it was that funny."
"Right," Tony breathed, "Maybe I'll invest in goggles then."
"Almost got it--" A young Tony hummed, just nineteen but since been out of college, working on a bot out on the sands of the beach to relax.
That is all
Sammy continued to giggle from the kisses, cuddling back against his Daddy and reaching happily for his beard again. Tony couldn't help but laugh, brushing the happy tears off his cheeks.
"I seriously cannot believe the baby's here," Tony mumbled, "God, I wish we coulda stayed in the hospital."
He quickly stripped off his pants and shoes, whining up at Steve.
"At ease, soldier, he'll pee all over you if you're not careful," Tony joked, grinning at Peter's glare, "Well, it's
." Peter groaned before burying his face in Tony's chest. "It’s only two questions. It’s not dat hard. They won't take long." The boy huffed.
"Lub you Papa," He whispered fondly.
Steve kissed the top of Tony's head, hugging him close. "Love you, too. Now let's get some sleep, huh? Had long day. Need some rest, huh?"
"Uh..." Tony started so eloquently. "I was sort of looking for the mysterious blond guy? Kinda really tall... Lots of muscles?"
"Nice save." Steve murmured back with a smirk, settling his arms around Tony's waist.
"Hey," Tony whispered up to Steve, kissing his cheek.
Steve gave his remaining swats, making them hard like Tony wanted, setting the paddle aside when he was done and pulling Tony close to him. Tony choked back a sob when he was pulled up, burying his face in Steve's neck, even though he knew Steve would be able to feel how wet his face was.
He laughed again, only to be cut off with a loud groan.
He laughed weakly, curling up into as much of Steve's warmth as he could get.
He grinned, helping Pete tip his head back to wash the shampoo out.
Steve blinked at that, a bit surprised.
"That's very nice of you, Peter." Steve answered kindly. "When you are older, we will discuss the differences of boys and girls though. Apparently I need to have it with Daddy since he can't seem to tell." He huffed, looking back over at Tony.
," Tony laughed and buried his face in Steve's back, rubbing circles into his abs, “Let’s go, babe."
"3? Please don't tell me that means 3 days."
Peter nodded and kicked his legs to be put down, grabbing at Steve's hand while they walked down the corridor. They walked down until they reached the area close to the delivery room, a nurse standing outside of the room.
"Yeah, we're trying to have a good time, not get tipsy at dinner." Bucky stated, watching Clint as he poured the glasses.
"Well that's...great," Tony muttered, leaning more into Steve's side, "I'm here because--"
Leaning into his touch, Tony whined softly when Steve pulled away, pouting into his juice. He sipped at it till it was gone, putting the glass in the dishwasher.
It was a man, that much Steve could gather. He had small tufts of dark hair poking out of where the armor covered the rest of his head. He had some interestingly-cut facial hair too. Steve reached out and traced along the edges of the facial hair absentmindedly. He looked back up at the man's closed eyes. The man had long eyelashes, but more importantly he looked absolutely peaceful. This was a stark contrast to how humans were described under the waves. They were cruel monsters who did nothing but cause trouble and would cook up fish folk and eat them if they caught them, absolutely  uncaring creatures. Steve didn't know about how the man was when he was conscious, but right now he seemed as if he would never hurt anything. At least, not intentionally.
He rubbed a hand over his face and sighed, dropping his hand into his lap.
Steve let out a soft whine, moving back towards the hit a bit. It wasn't as pinpointed in one spot, so it didn't smart as bad that time.
," Tony pointed, "That's what it felt like. But ten times bigger. Like, holy
"You helpin' your Papa with lunch, pipsqueak?" He asked Peter, ruffling the boy's hair.
"Then we'll just have to get to know each other then. The project isn't due for a couple months, so I've got time.".
help me," he whispered, trying to be menacing despite the grin on his face.
"He okay?" He asked sleepily.
"Hey, no, sh," Tony gave Peter a warning look, to which the boy grumpily slouched, followed by Sammy attempting to do the same.
, oh my go-osh," he whispered, "He's got his thumb in his mouth, oh my gosh--"
Steve nodded, running off to find the hair tie. He looked around in the bathroom, finding a white one. Thankfully it wasn't pink, otherwise Peter might question it later.
"Do dey hurt, Daddy? Sowwy. I twying not ta hurt yous." Peter apologized, hearing the slight change in Tony's voice.
. At least we had our pants on. Er, Steve did." He grinned cheekily, curling into the arousal rolling in his stomach.
"That sounds good to me." The blond agreed, relaxing at the attentions. "We could take a quick nap, watch a movie; what would you like?"
"Getting all ready to eat, I see?" Steve grinned as he looked over, oven mitts on his hands. "It'll just be a couple more minutes, then we'll let it cool off a bit."
Peter was already asleep. Tony sighed softly, kissing Steve over Peter's head.
"There's been a mysterious murder!" The shorter one piped up, "M'brother's been bludgeoned to death in the alley!"
"Yeah," he whispered, hanging his head in shame, "Termina'tuh."
Tony sighed, setting down his tools and swiveling in his chair to face his son carefully. "That is because he has been dead a while, and has long before that been dead to me." he grumbled slightly, then sighing. "But I guess if it weren't for how he was, I wouldn't have wound up with your pops."
"Mmhp--"
"Interesting choice, baby bear," He chuckled, picking up the princess box, "Any reason for these, sweets?"
"I dunno. Thought I was just gonna give you an awesome blowjob. So yeah." He chuckled sweetly.
He sniffled, missing the look on Steve's face.
"You son of a gun... That was sneaky.".
“God," Tony panted, wincing as he pulled off Steve to flop next to him, "I need to do calisthenics or some shit, 25 is way too old for this."
"Hey," Tony complained, pouting at Steve, "Mean."
Peter gave Tony a look, but satisfied with the knowledge, he leaned back against Steve and nodded.
"I know," Tony licked his lips, "But I can't apologize. At the time-- it was all I took to hold onto Steve, let alone call you guys. That, and I don't ever want him to feel inferior, or like I'd pick you guys over him. He knows what I need, not saying that you guys don't, but Steve's my
Steve started for a moment, confused.
. So I'm staying here for now."
, since I wrote the paper," Tony pointed out, tugging Peter's hood off to ruffle his hair, "And you know better, smarty-pants."
"Man, I love you." He professed, running hands gently across Tony's chest. "So gorgeous and perfect for me. I wouldn't want anyone else."
Tony rolled his eyes fondly, still cupping his warm bowl to his chest.
"Hey, starting to talk is a big deal. Even if it’s just babble." Steve shrugged, looking between the boys. "Whatcha trying to say, baby?"
"Well, it is date night. And I wanted to do something special." Tony stated simply. "You always talk about how you'd like to go dancing, so we're going to dance. Or rather, I'm going to show you how, if you let me.".
Tony stretched again before getting in the shower, sighing happily under the spray; after breakfast, he'd call Maria, and Lord knows she might bring Howard with her. He grunted at the thought, quickly washing himself up. Rushing down the stairs, Tony breathed in the scent of fresh coffee and breakfast, sidling right up to Steve.
the surprise, by the way. Probably going to get some in every color under the sun at the point." Steve chuckled softly.
"I really hit jackpot. Y'know, from the feel a'things." Tony laughed, leaning back to wink up at Steve. "Don't act so bashful, Rogers. You're obviously packing in that department."
Peter answered with a hum as Tony pet his hair. "Did he say somethin' bad?"
“You have a point. Suppose you should go and make an extra spot on the bed tonight for the egg. Make sure it can be comfortable and warm and safe,” the brunet murmured, earning a soft smile from his boyfriend “Dodger is still on the floor tonight, though. I’m not budging on that.”
"I'm not going to." Steve said softly, kissing Tony once more. "Don't want to put more stress on your body until you feel better."
"I know sweetie, its okay," Tony hummed, leaning down to kiss the boy's forehead, "Why don't we get that ice cream I promised you? It might help you feel better."
"Fuck," Tony whined, feeling heat rolling in his stomach, "Steve--"
"Yeah. 'm okay. Jus' couldn't sleep yet." He hummed, looking up at Tony. "Whatchu doin'?".
Steve stopped his fingers for the moment looking to Tony softly.
"Ew," Peter scrunched up his nose, "Dat's
"'Course you can, baby. You always can."
"Love y'for you, Steve," Tony breathed, slowly thrusting into him, "Love that y'always smell like home and y'so
"Well," he started, " that thing a minute ago was sort of what I wanted to talk about...". Steve's face started to turn a bashful red. "I mean, now I have had some time to think about it, but I still wasn't for sure on a way of putting it out there. I just kind of... reacted...".
"Thank you, Sharon. For this opportunity," Tony smiled, squeezing Steve's hand, "You don't know how much this means to us."
Tony smacked Steve's hand.
"He's a sweetheart," Tony muttered, "And a dumbass."
"M'so tired," Tony mumbled, a small smile on his face as Steve tucked the blanket around him, "I love you, y'take such good care of me, even though I'm a handful."
"Steve--" Tony's mouth was unhinged slightly as he watched Peter flip through the book, "Is this us? As
The boy nodded, expectantly watching Steve.
"I guess I can be. Sometimes."
“You know I will," Tony mumbled, taking his food.
"That my friend was JARVIS. He's an AI I made myself and I can use him exclusively on my phone to remind of events, give me directions, and a whole slew of things!".
He scooped up Sammy from Peter. "I'll give him a change first, then you two can hang out and play, okay Peter?"
Steve sufficed with that answer, resting his head in his hands on the shore. Tony simply thought that made for a wonderful mental photograph.
Tony sighed and closed his eyes, mentally thanking his stars for his newfound control. He stood and followed Peter down to the kitchen, watching with a smile as the boy practically attached himself to Steve's leg.
"Poseidon can be afraid of a shark if it was fierce enough. Or big enough." He murmured, sneaking Peter a cookie as well.
"Mmm, whatever you want," Tony hummed, "You wanna fuck or be fucked?" He grinned, twirling the handcuffs on his fingers.
"Don't worry, baby. I'll teach you a good lesson--" he hummed, rifling through the desk drawer for some lube.
Tony gave him a side glance, but figured he was being his stupid chivalrous self as usual. Opening the door, Tony was met with loud shouts of
"Yer not gonna tease me too much, are ya?" He asked with a husk to his voice. "Really don't wanna be teased, hon."
couldn't walk." Steve smirked softly, running fingers along Tony's chest. "Care to make an attempt at that?"
"Clint, Nat, Pep and maybe Bruce are on their way."
Steve carefully grabbed onto Tony's hips, pulling him slightly towards his movement as he fully pushed in.
," Tony cried out, coming in stripes across Steve's chest. He threw his head back, screaming
"Remember how you prevented me from walking? Yeah, that?
"M'bear one," Peter asked softly, drying himself off while he waited for Steve to come back.
"Yes sir, please, need your big cock to fill me up," Tony panted, "Make m'all loose,
"You were saying?"
Anyway, I hope you'll come to at least see it.
Tony stifled a fond laugh, opting to flip to a new page to continue his algorithms.
"So good... You're so good, Tony..." Steve whispered breathlessly against Tony's skin, leaving gentle kisses on every inch of skin he could.
"God, I really hope this isn't a drug dream from all the morphine," Tony grinned, "You better still be here when I wake up, Stark-Rogers." He nuzzled at Steve's chest, putting himself as flush against Steve as he could manage.
"Ecstatic?" Tony tried hopefully, grinning sheepishly up at Steve.
Steve shook his head and glanced at Peter, an idea coming to mind. He motioned for Peter to stay quiet as he carried the boy behind the breakfast bar connecting to the kitchen. Steve lifted Peter, slightly bobbing him up and down over the top as he hummed the Jaws theme in time with the movements.
"What's that about Daddy?" Tony asked, rounding the corner, "Sorry, I went and put my own jammies on."
busy cooking right now." Steve said with a grin. "I don't think I wanna stop the tickle monster, anyway. He seems to be having fun."
"Can you do d'micker? I gotta get dwessed," Peter asked, tugging on the electric mixer, "An' it’s too heavy."
"Having stubble and growing a beard are different. It gets so patchy at first." Steve murmured softly as he ate. "I'll start trying to grow one to see what it’s like, I guess."
Clint just grinned back at him.
"I don't run," Tony grinned sheepishly, stuffing more pizza in his mouth, "I have arthritis in my knees. Hereditary. You can carry me, though."
"Mmm. Do not," Tony huffed back, preening under Steve's touch, "M'in bed by one... or two in the morning. Not weird."
"Tony Stark. Yes, my father's Howard Stark, no, he's not my father in a sense. Please, Steve, come in."
bit me first."
He crossed his arms, glaring up at Steve. "I don't
Tony tugged on Steve's hair, mewling into his neck. Steve moaned aloud from the tugging, soft and quick gasps leaving his lips as his hips bucked up into Tony of their own accord. His moans got quicker as time went on until he finally came, head lolling downwards and arms shaky as he tried not to fall onto Tony.
"You 'n Daddy met 'cuz a mailman?" Peter asked curiously, eating on his mashed potatoes.
"So, um..." The blond started, looking to Tony again. "How do you plan to orchestrate this?"
He continued to pet Tony's hair, chuckling at the reaction. "You're just like a big ol' kitty cat sometimes, I swear."
Peggy calmed herself, sighing heavily before speaking.
"Sorry kid, but the show's over and the building is closing for the night.".
"Teach me a lesson, Sir," he murmured, "Tie me up--"
"Ouch, kid, you must really be hurtin', huh?" Tony murmured, setting Sammy in his high chair before going to start making his formula, "We'll be takin' you to the doc soon, kiddo, maybe he has some kid tylenol we can give you."
"I love you," Tony sighed happily, "Which, I know I've said about a billion times today, but still. You're my favorite."
..." Steve breathed, snaking his arms to the nape of Tony's neck to play softly with hair.  "Y'can move, baby. Please.".
," Steve reiterated, moving off of the couch to fetch another gift in the back of the tree and bringing it towards Tony and Peter. "I have a little surprise myself." He grinned.
"Well we will worry about that some other time." Steve said sternly, Peter pouting in response.
Tony rolled his eyes and ruffled Peter's hair, a fond smile on his lips.
Tony looked back at Steve with slight worry in his eyes.
Tony leaned back against Steve's chest, watching the boy with fond eyes.
"Okay bubba. Let me get rolled over." He told the boy, scooping Sammy up before moving around to color with Peter.
"Daddyyyy," Peter complained, "Y'squishin' meeee!"
"It’s all right, munchkin. We're just relaxing. Back to your nap, okay?"
"You know I hate getting shy, asshat," he grumbled, scooting off Steve to curl up on himself, "Big meanie."
Tony gently pulled himself and kept kissing Steve, nuzzling at his cheek.
He smiled warmly in greeting at the young woman in the front, she giving him a knowing look and a smirk as she glanced at the two men's hands together. Steve simply shrugged happily, the woman smiling back in a silent exchange as she showed them to their seat. Tony slipped in the booth across from Steve, completely oblivious to their exchange.
They followed the route they remembered, heading up the elevator and traveling until they were just in front of the room. Peter obediently waited for the nurse to come by and help him sanitize his hands before poking his head into Ms. Sharon's room, creasing his brow when he didn't see anyone.
"Oh wow, this is gorgeous." He said in quiet awe. "How old are these pieces?"
"I think he put yours in the front and everyone else's is in the back since you have more. And probably were the best behaved." Bruce explained with a smile, ruffling the boy's hair. "And we slept just fine, Tony."
"Only fer a lil' bit, doh. Unca' Buck says big boys dun use binkies." He stated almost business-like. "'N he says it'd mess ma' teef."
"That's my responsible boy," Tony praised, smooching Peter's head, "Why don't you go pick out some stuff to do with your baby brother while your Papa and I get stuff arranged?"
Tony finished cleaning up Steve before wiping himself down, letting the murky water drain while helping Steve up, drying him off and leading him back to their room. He dug out underwear and sweats for Steve, helping him into the clothes before tugging the clean comforter over the sheets, laying him down. Steve moved to curl around Tony as soon as the man laid down in the bed next to him, humming sleepily and content.
"I love you, too. You, Papa' 'n Sammy very much." He whispered gently.
"M'kay." Peter said with full cheeks, chewing up his cookie before drinking up his juice and running out to go brush his teeth.
Peter's lip wobbled and he whined softly, causing Sammy to whine as well.
take Sammy out of his crib without asking Papa or I first, understand me?"
He opened the door to the bedroom, falling in love all over again.
"Come sit in my laaaap," he complained.
wanna talk about Peter right now?" Tony shot back, raising an eyebrow, "And I can run much farther than ten feet, I just refuse to increase the pain on my arthritis."
The first few tries was almost like watching a fawn trying to stand on its own, but eventually they got to standing and taking baby steps. About halfway through, Steve had tapped on Tony's shoulder. The blond had been looking down at his legs the majority of the time, a confused look on his face. He tilted his head in questioning, holding up three fingers.
"Lord. Let me tell Pepper to start a hospital fund for the boys," Tony laughed softly, nuzzling Steve's chest, "It's going to be strange when they're older. We'll have to be the responsible ones."
"Yeah, he is manipulative," Tony sighed, "Oh well. Can't be worse."
"Partially. I like collars, like a whole fucking lot, but the way you react under my touch....it gave me an idea is all," Tony explained with a sheepish grin, "I think you'd really like it."
"A-ah,
"I know honey," Tony apologized, helping Steve in before turning the hot shower on, "Only teasing, buttercup. Sit down, and I'll wash your hair for you."
"Of course I worry about you. Peter, too. You guys are all I got." Steve whispered softly, kissing Tony's lips again gently. "I love you and I don't want you to hurt any more than you already do. Just want to help all I can."
"Yeah, something like that. They could be made into anything really, if you know how to do it." He explained. "I have a few of my own, and they all have their own personalities. There's DUM-E, U, Butterfingers, and JARVIS-- I wish I could bring some of them for you to meet..."
He didn't blame Steve for being angry with him, but his self-esteem was low enough he only assumed. But Steve didn't have to know that. Tony stood with the baby and followed Pete and Steve back down to the living room, still slightly jealous when his boy ran to Peggy to be picked up.
"That was a dumb movie," he whispered, laughing quietly.
"Sorry, love." He whispered apologetically before moving back.
Sammy blinked then giggled, squealing happily as he toddled over to Peter, collapsing tiredly into his big brother's arms.
"I know. I hope he doesn't." Steve hummed, getting up from the table. "I'll talk with him. Bring his cookies as a peace offering." He whispered softly, kissing him back.
"If you stop looking like my dick is still up your ass, then yes," Tony said with a laugh, pressing kisses over Steve's face and chest, "I'm kidding, I'm
"There'll be more. I think you and Bruce and Clint get along well," Tony hummed, putting his cold feet up on Steve's thigh, "I should get Bruce over here, but I'm afraid if I do he might try to bring 'sorry for you loss' gifts. Well, I might rethink that, given your schoolgirl outfit's still hung up and hasn't been used again--"
"Oh. Sowwy, f'got," Peter mumbled, spitting his toothpaste out before wiping his mouth, shaking his fluffy hair out.
The blond chuckled at that. "Well, I think normal people would think that's strange, but normal isn't completely your thing, so I'm not sure what I expected. I certainly have no objections. Me wearing pretty things makes you happy, and that's all I could ask for."
He turned to smooch all over Peter's face playfully, careful of the boy's nose.
"Well, you can be bambi's mom, but I wouldn't recommend it," Tony joked, jostling Peter in his lap in the towel, "Go have fun, we'll be down in a few."
"We have to actually get married
"Oh. I was wond'rin' why I gots big clothes." Peter said thoughtful, getting into his actual clothes. "Dees fit much betterer." He proclaimed, straightening the shirt and pants.
"Hey there, Petey pie!" She greeted behind bags of gifts. "Hello Natasha. How have you been?"
"This'll be more comfortable than that couch for this. Plus the en suite's in here to help clean up afterwards." The brunet hummed, undoing his tie at least and kicking off his shoes. "Okay, Stevie. You don't have to undress completely, but I do need you to take off your pants and underpants for me, okay? Then up on the bed, above the covers."
Tony slowly led Steve through the three step waltz until they were seamlessly gliding over the pavement: another memory buried in Tony. Colorful flashbacks of himself in ballroom school with his mother nearly made him falter, but he caught himself in time, spinning out as the player strummed his last chord. Steve pulled Tony back in close at the end, pulling him into a soft kiss with a happy sigh.
"F-f--
"Got it!" The boy grunted, reaching on his tiptoes to make another cookie.
Steve took the book and observed the page, reading over the words.
"Those are some neat names, Peter. Where'd you come up with them?" Steve asked gently with a grin, looking up at Tony for the moment. "Peter picked me out a manta ray." He explained further.
"I can't help that I got caught." Steve pouted playfully. "The principal found out and had to teach me a lesson."
Tony bit his lip at that, nodding at Peter's gaze.
"I think I'm getting sick again, or I haven't had enough coffee yet," Tony laughed, leaning into Steve's touch, "I'm guessing the coffee."
Tony thought for a second then nodded again.
," he whispered.
"Alright!" Tony called back, switching out Superman for Batman.
He gave Steve a weak smile, quickly stuffing the notepad away when Peter stirred in his sleep.
"You are." Steve said hatefully. "Talking to me as if we're equals."
He wriggled out of his clothes down to his briefs, pulling his equally-nude husband back down on top of him.
"You can call Papa Mommy if you want," Tony grinned, helping Peter into his shirt.
"My traditional methods are less....
"I'm sure that's exactly what he's doing, blaming Daddy." Steve grinned back at Tony, earning him an eye roll.
"In case-- I don't want to get into a situation where I start withdrawal and Peter-- I don't want him to see me like that," Tony replied quietly, "Eventually, I'll be able to get rid of it, but for now, I want the temptation aside."
Steve hummed in response, still remembering the bruises. He really shouldn't let them bother him-- Tony said he liked those kind of bruises-- but it just made Steve feel a bit bad for doing it. He saw it as hurting the other and didn't really want to hurt Tony. Foregoing the thoughts for now, Steve slipped under the blankets with his fiancé and curled up around the man gently. He nuzzled close, taking in every bit of Tony he could as he drifted to sleep.
He glanced over the rest of the history just to be safe, sighing in relief when nothing obscene came up.
Tony gently lifted Peter into his lap, quietly shushing the boy.
"Y'know, some days I can't believe I'm actually
"I'm not trying to pick on you, sweetheart," he soothed, "It's kinda in the parent job description to tease the kids, but if it makes you this upset, I'll stop, okay?"
TW: Character Death
"He's so much like you," Tony sighed, "Determined."
Tony just rolled his eyes again, laying flat against the floor.
He waited to feel Steve soften before pulling off, turning around before he could see the trickle running down his leg. Steve panted, looking to Tony softly with a small look of concern on his face.
Steve looked down to see the blade, wanting nothing more than to make it just disappear. But he knew better. He knelt down beside the tub, looking to Tony with apologetic eyes.
"It’s strawberry," he murmured, "Don't spill it, honey."
"Hi Samwich." Steve smiled back, smooching the baby's cheek happily. "We'll change you and we'll go see daddy and bubba, okay?"
"We're
Tony quickly rid himself of his shoes, pants and briefs, straddling Steve's waist before reaching over into the nightstand drawer for lube.
He cleaned up Peter's cut, putting a Transformer band-aid over it and gently kissing the spot.
Steve smiled fondly at the two, reaching back for their basket.
"Unca Bucky, help me!!!!" He shrieked.
Now, he was 26. He was a freelance artist living in a decent apartment only due to the money from his regular job, and had yet to meet his soulmate. The words hadn't been spoken.
"We'll see about that, Mr. 'I can't run five feet without something giving out.'" He teased, kissing the tip of Tony's nose.
"It’s because you were so used to all the sexual stuff before I even met you, but you never really had anyone be lovey dovey with you until I came along."
Once his hair was all styled and revealed to him in the mirror, he was met with several noises of admiration; From Tatianna, Tony, and a returning Raavi, respectively.
awkward if my husband was a puddle." Steve smirked with a chuckle, pulling back to keep wrapping. "Man, he is spoiled." He joked softly, moving the present with the others that were wrapped.
"Y'like this, Tony?" He purred, rolling his hips deeper in. "Y'like when I fill you up, huh?"
Steve leaned in and kissed Tony's lips gently, giving a content hum. "I love you. You always help settle my thoughts."
"Speaking of being mature though, Daddy and I wanna talk to you about something important." He said softly, glancing over at Tony.
Miss Potts smiled back at the two, standing and straightening up her skirt. "I'll go make sure she isn't in the middle of something and let her know you're here."
Tony cupped Peter's cheek and kissed his temple again, rubbing his back as he brushed the last of his tears away.
"But then
"Love you so much. Yours. All yours." He gasped, leaning into the attentions.
"Shh shh, Sammy. Don't cry, sweetie." Steve tried to soothe, rubbing at the baby's back. "You're just not big enough yet, baby. When you get a little bigger, we'll all color lots."
The redhead stopped, looking back at the source of the voice gently.
"We're doing this now?" Tony echoed, hopping off the stool, "Alright, family meeting, all of you."
"Edible underwear?" Steve asked with an amused look.
He winced at the familiar voice, but watched as the trembling camera approached his old room in the mansion.
"Huh? What? Yeah, what's up?" Tony answered, a curious head tilt towards him being earned from the other.
"Private convo. Excuse me," he muttered, making for the door.
"Glad I didn't hurt you." He breathed, relaxing against Tony gently. "Remember how I mentioned that I had a reoccurring nightmare, too?"
"Whaddya want, babe?" He murmured, slipping his hands into the back pockets of Steve's jeans.
heroes.".
"Mmmm, not at all, bambi," Tony murmured, leaning in to kiss him sweetly, "You're still young and beautiful, and definitely the best arm-candy a man could ask for."
It didn't even take Tony's words before Steve came hard with a loud moan, upper body going lax against the mattress and hips starting to buckle as he started to white out a bit.
The babe stirred from his sleep, yawning softly as he sat up, rubbing his sleepy eyes.
"I'm here to major in Physics, but I recently graduated from MIT with a PhD in Engineering.".
"It's-- well, it's kinda hard to explain. But basically, I could get off if you tied me up, didn't touch me, and got yourself off and all I could do was watch," Tony explained gently, "Or, you making me touch myself, and you just
"Um." The doctor replied, brows furrowed in thought as he continued to run fingers through dark locks.
"Such a pouty baby." Steve teased, putting everything away for now and turning the stove and oven off. "All right.
"Maybe sometime we can." Steve agreed, nodding softly. "As long as you let me know if it’s too much when we do. I'm not big on hurting someone who doesn't deserve it. Even if it’s playful.”
"Hey cutie, feelin' better?" He hummed.
"No need to cry, hon," he mumbled, "Papa and I will fix it. Promise."
"A-AH!" Steve practically screamed out in pleasure as he came in Tony's hand. He chanted Tony's name over and over in pure bliss, body buzzing and thrumming in ecstasy.
"--One of the spinal bones is missing. Now, why take one vertebrae and not the organs?"
"I-- ah," Tony flushed, a sheepish smile on his face, "I was testing the flight boots, and put a little too much power in it, and I... maybe... kinda... smacked my back into the concrete. Going forty-some miles an hour. I'm okay though--"
want your input on flowers--"
," Peter whined, pouting up at Tony.
He ground up against Steve's thigh, whimpering pitifully.
Steve smiled at the purring and thought to himself as he petted Tony's hair.
"It’s not so much the punishment as it is the punisher." Steve breathed lightly. "You look
"Mmm, brown-noser," Tony rolled his eyes, "Doesn't work on me, Stevie-boy. Only Pete gets away with that."
"I know I'm getting birthday sex. Right?"
Tony looked over at the high chair on the other side of the table, smiling at the blue teddy bears dotted over it.
Tony reached a hand up into Steve's hair, kissing his cheek before moving faster, reaching down to pump Steve in time with his thrusts.
He looked to find Tony having a fit in his sleep. Steve shook the man lightly, trying to wake him carefully.
"Let go, babe," Tony managed.
Sammy looked up at Tony curiously, reaching up to pat his beard.
Tony snorted and rolled his eyes, pulling out the box of Steve's gifts out from under the bed. He quickly put the condoms in the toe of the sock-- 'for the not-so virgin Virgin,' to which Tony had howled and promptly bought a box--and tucked the paints in after those. He wrapped the new paint brushes in a tie and slipped them in, tucking the various Christmas candy around it until the stocking was completely stuffed. Tony put tissue paper on it to try and hide the goodies, setting to work on Peter's stocking.
He grinned, leaning down to suck and bite on Steve's nipple, swirling his tongue around the nub before making a trail of kisses down to his groin. Steve hummed and noised appreciatively from the attentions, body arching slowly with Tony's movements.
"Peter says it’s your naptime," Tony replied seriously, with a twinkle in his eyes, "Upstairs, young man."
"Yeah, that's nothing," Tony muttered, "If it was me, my father would have belted me for even
The brunet sighed, leaning on the chain-link fence. "I wonder if that guy is real. Maybe he is on the other side of this fence?" He said to himself aloud.
"Oh, Doctor Rogers, let whoever's making that
He smiled softly, gently tugging on Pete's book.
"I--you ju--???". Tony started stuttering uncontrollably.
Love you too," Tony whispered, a smile on his lips as Steve fell asleep.
"M'up," he mumbled groggily.
Steve's face turned slightly somber, sighing before speaking again.
Steve simply nodded, letting Tony look around as he sat down on the couch inside his living space. It's not like he would be too much help finding it right now when he barely remembered who he was. But this man has proven to be a friend, so it wouldn't be too bad for him to look around, right?
"Yes, they are heels," Tony hummed, hands by his sides, "You wanna take off the robe, or want me to do it all by myself?"
"Mmkay," Peter kicked his legs back and forth happily, grabbing another sheet of paper to try and draw another cat.
you think you would need? No questions you need answered before I go?" Tony asked, trying to hide he was fretting over the other. "There should be enough food stocked. But would you like it all? Maybe I should leave you with some takeout numbers--"
"Oh, trust me babe. I know you do." He grinned, moving to nip and suck a dark mark on Tony's neck, just above his collar line.
"Flattery gets you nowhere, Steve," he hummed, "In fact, it makes me think you're trying to lessen your punishment with it, and I won't stand for that."
"You okay?" Steve asked in a hum from the nips, turning to kiss the corner of Tony's lips.
Steve bucked up into Tony's hand, head falling back onto the headboard. He started to breathe a tad bit heavier, mostly from trying to stay silent. All Steve
He blinked, then grinned.
"Of course, baby. Go grab your crayons and I'll get the paper." He grinned, smooching the boy's cheeks.
The tension in the room easily dissolved, to which Peter pouted.
"Daddy's tired and has some things to do later today."
"Well, don't get too riled before we get home." Steve said at a whisper to the brunet. "You wouldn't be able to focus on the road, more than likely."
"My turn!" Peter yelled, tackling his pile of gifts with a grin.
Peter stared at his soup for a second, cupping his hands around the warm bowl.
"You make me very eager when you start talking about it. So yes, very eager." Steve huffed, fingers fumbling as he worked to unbutton his shirt. "Sorry for the roughness so early in the game."
He padded up the stairs and to the front door, blinking as he opened it to a stocky brunette, whose red lips stood prominently out from her doll-face.
"They better," Tony hummed, kissing Steve back, "I've had enough bad things happen for one lifetime."
"Store. Can we go t'the museum t'morrah? M'feet hurt," Peter frowned, staring at his shoes, "And I wanna wrap Daddy's gifties."
"Of course they're both smart," Tony scoffed, playing with Sammy's hands, "Pete's my science baby and Sam's gonna be the little artist in the house. Or whatever he wants to be. He's certainly got your traits though, Stevie."
Tony had sent the others off to bed and had cleaned the kitchen, wiping his forehead as he looked at the spotless room. He sighed, reaching out to Steve through the bond before gathering their stockings off the fireplace. He took them upstairs, happy to see his husband waiting for him in their bedroom.
." Tony grinned, latching onto Steve. "Carry me," he laughed.
"We'll see," Peter called back, waiting for Steve to turn around before attempting to sneak away, freezing when the wood floor creaked, "
Tony laughed, taking the opportunity to turn his head and capture Steve's lips.
times before without hurting me."
"Take your fingers away, and I can help you out with that." He growled back, a hunger in his eyes he hadn't really had before.
He held his hand out to Peter and took his boys upstairs, tucking Sammy into the crib before swooping Peter up.
"Oh, don't sound so sad, pet. You'll be able to see me, don't worry," Tony soothed, grabbing the bottle of lube from the nightstand.
"Ooo, fancy." Bucky replied haughtily.
Once he felt chills on his skin, Steve about shot awake. There was no longer a warm body atop of him. He rubbed his eyes as they adjusted to being open, looking around to find rose petals. Steve slipped his boxers back on, padding softly on the floor and following the trail. It was a long trail, but it eventually led to the backyard. Following it further, he stopped dead in his tracks as he eyes the set up before him in awe.
"You can solve almost anything you set your mind to, and yet I'm the marvel..." Steve murmured gently.
"Rough night, eh?" Steve stated with a sigh and a small groan.
"She's right," Clint continued, "We didn't stop having nightmares until we bonded with Bucky."
Steve bashfully covered his face with his towel, proceeding dry his hair with it. "Well, I'll get used to it eventually, I'm sure. So enjoy it while it lasts." He teased.
"May I see some of your sketches?".
Tony's voice broke Steve's train of thought as he spoke and gestured to the other side of the room.
He purred softly at the attention, curling up into Steve's chest.
"Well I didn't know if you could reach it quite yet. Didn't want it falling high up on your head or something." He murmured, picking up the basket and packing their lunch up.
Steve grinned back in reply, happily hugging Peter to him as he did. "Yeah, we do. We can't wait. And Peter, this is where you'll come in." He started. "Daddy and I will need you to teach your little sibling all there is about being a kid. You'll get to be a big brother, and your little brother or sister is gonna look up to you on how to act. Think you can do it?"
Once Peter was napping, Steve looked for Tony and found him in the bedroom. He crawled up onto the bed behind the other, wrapping his arms around Tony gently.
"I haven't told you?" Tony paused, then shrugged. "I should probably tell you now. Before I'm too conscious and shy away."
"Agent Carter.".
Tony nodded, internally groaning as he felt his dam break, tears dripping down his face. He hiccupped, burying himself in Steve's chest. "Sorry, I just ruined a really great moment," he whispered, "I just--I really,
"...help." Peter murmured back, tiredly rubbing his eyes as he snuggled into Tony's chest.
"An' y'might be a
"Of course, officer, anything for you," Tony growled, sucking on the bites, "Maybe I'll wear some when you come home tomorrow?"
Steve hummed in thought as his brain still tried to wake up.
"I still don't see why you thought it'd be funny to play as Sherlock and Watson," Tony laughed, shaking his head, "And
Steve flinched softly at the smack, a twitch of a smirk on his lips as he headed into the bathroom to clean up.
Tony snuggled the boy close, rocking him slightly.
"Thank you," Tony handed her the chart back, standing and putting Sammy in his carrier before picking it up, "Ready, Petey?"
He smiled at Peter, grabbed the shampoo to start lathering up his hair.
He put his hands on his face, whining at the blond's laugh.
During the meeting break, Tony quickly checked his phone, paling at the pictures.
"Well, I can technically stop at any time, but Pep's been hounding me for a next update," Tony replied, half-heartedly digging into his food, "That, and I'm still working out a few bugs that're getting on my nerves, it's all really frustrating."
Tony followed the boy and grabbed his brush, gently brushing out the knots in his hair while Pete washed his hands.
"Fuck, Steve," Tony moaned, letting go of Steve's hair to fall back onto the bed. He gripped his pillow, trying to keep his hips planted on the bed, "That's it baby, all the way in, such a good boy--"
Steve looked back playfully, kissing the bridge of Tony's nose.
He felt lips lightly touch his forehead. Tony's eyes went a little wide at the the suddenly different contact. Steve held him tighter, resting his forehead against Tony's as he whispered warmly.
"Now let’s get our boys inside." He hummed happily.
"Something in the middle should be good." Steve explained, wrapping a towel around his waist and hugging Tony from behind. "We'll just be in public, but it’s a date so be dressed slightly nice.”
"Don't I know it?" Steve grinned, nuzzling into Tony's neck gently. "The best. One and only, just for me." He purred, leaving a kiss on Tony's cheek.
She turned away to look at the baby, cooing gently at him in Russian.
"Isn't he gorgeous?" Steve whispered, looking at the baby, practically beaming. He waggled a finger to lightly play with the infant's tiny fingers "Our little Samuel Carter."
"Daddy. Dad. Daddyyyyy. Papa?
He placed a hand on top of Steve's, looking sincerely into those baby blues.
Tony went quiet and buried his face in Steve's neck, letting the words wash comfort over him. He huffed and sniffled, eventually nodding.
He took a Transformer bandage out of the box, putting it on one of Tony's scars and kissing it gently. "T'help it get better."
He moaned softly, overstimulation rocketing through his veins.
"All right, I'll draw with you." He grinned, reaching for a marker he was Peter wasn't using right now. "Can Daddy color with us too?" He asked the boy, then glancing up at Tony.
Steve started to chuckle a little embarrassed at the next part. He covered his face with his hand.
"Beyoncé? Really?" He said with a large grin growing on his lips. "But yes. Yes! A thousand times yes!"
"I'm not going to do that, Tony. The whole commitment means a lot more than a ring." Steve said softly, trying to keep his voice from breaking. He was afraid of where this conversation was heading. "It means we stick by each other, and that is what I damn well plan to do as long as you let me. I know I can't stop you from hurting completely, but I can at least try to lessen it the best I can. But you have to let me, babe. Please..." He thunked his head against the wall pitifully, clearing his throat. "Can you let me in? ...May I come in?"
"He's so innocent. It’s refreshing." Natasha grinned, sipping at her glass.
He nosed at Steve's cheek, kissing the sweat that beaded on his brow.
"I'm glad you were able to endure, but angry you had to suffer through that." Steve whispered, kissing Tony's neck in return. "I don't want you to hurt anymore, baby. No more..."
They all took in Tony's words, Clint's expression especially had changed in concern.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
over and over as he rode out his euphoria.
"Few minutes?" Tony whined, "I don't think I can
Tony slowly nodded. Steve took his hands away and started to say his piece.
hard to keep a straight face.
"Which word? Blo--" Peter started before Steve covered his mouth. "Yes. That word. Don't say it for me, okay? It’s a dirty word.”
"I'm so sorry to hear that, Sharon." Steve said sympathetically. Alzheimer's was a sad thing to have, especially for someone as young as Sharon seemed.
"Pleeaaase?"
Steve nearly growled in pleasure at the sight, hearing Tony's noise.
Steve nodded softly in agreement, just letting the comfort of Tony's body with his help him drift off into sleep with his lover.
"Sorry we keep talking about Sammy so much. You don't have to pretend that’s not what’s bothering you..." Steve said softly, reaching to stroke Peter's face.
Peter frowned and made a point of swallowing.
"Is... Is our spark gone?"
"Don't freak out on us, sweetie," Tony laughed, smooching Steve's cheek, "We can yell in excitement later, okay?"
Tony moaned softly, feeling his cock twitch against the pillow.
Once his stomach rolled again, Tony flailed off of Steve, barely making it to the downstairs bathroom before retching into the toilet, coughing wetly as tears rolled down his face.
Tony nodded and put the ruler back, picking up the leather paddle. He twirled it in his hands for a second, backhanding the leather across Steve's backside.
“Steve? Have you seen U? I can’t find her for bed,” Tony said nervously, moving to the side a bit as Dodger— Steve’s Sylveon— walked into the room with them “She isn’t on our floor and she isn’t in the playroom with the others.”
Steve's ears twitched as heard Tony come in, running down the stairs to meet him.
Tony frowned and tucked himself closer to Steve, nuzzling his chest.
Steve raised a slight eyebrow at him in curiosity. "What is it, Tony? Like you said, it is still your birthday. So what would you like?" He asked with a grin.
"Sorry, my train of thought runs faster in my head and I can't quite get it all out," Tony muttered sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck, "I--ah, I don't know. I like big dogs, but they shed a lot and I don't know if my allergies would appreciate it. Oh my god, we should get a little Pomeranian, they're
Tony put his hands up at Steve's withering look, sitting down in front of his plate at food.
Tony ends up in the hospital for trivial reasons, and it turns out to be much more drastic than originally thought.
"Honey? Honey, it's just a dream, it's warm and I'm here," he murmured, pulling blankets and covers up, tucking them around Steve, "Wake up, love, it's just a dream."
“Right. Cleaning. We should make one of those stupid chore charts when people move in," Tony laughed, "Make someone do something different each day."
"Mean," he accused, eventually settling down with his thumb in his mouth.
He smirked up him, already getting the parts out of the box.
"Unca Buck, what’s special about dis teddy?" Peter asked carefully, looking up at Bucky.
"You 'dopted
"No sex three days before you meet my parents," Tony said quietly, "We'll have to clean the house and everything. My dad's got a second sense and will be able to smell the sex on you." He sighed, slumping in his seat.
"Mmhm. See if they wanna stay in the guesthouse, 'cause I got them gifts, too," Tony hummed, changing into pajama pants.
A small shiver of arousal went up Steve's spine, feeling the wood and the snap of elastic. He nodded softly. "There was also one time in the janitor's closet and underneath the bleachers outside." He grinned bashfully, wriggling his backside slightly.
. Having complete control over me. I like that one, too."
Steve hummed in pretend thought for a moment, already sure of his answer.
"Hey, hey, Peter," Tony gently swiped the washcloth over the boy's forehead to help him wake up, "Just a few more minutes buddy, okay? Just need to get you dried, in pajamas, and brush your teeth, then we'll grab Wade and you can come sleep in my bed. Think you can stay awake a little while longer?"
"Ba ba."
Steve chuckled at that. "You no doubt have a rather vivid imagination. I'm sure you can think of something entertaining." He grinned back. "I, on the other hand, will have to try and not think about anything too vivid while I'm working. Might cause trouble."
"After this, now you won't have to wonder about it and be distracted in class." He growled lowly, lining himself up and pressing in smoothly.
Tony sighed and sat at his place at the table, letting Sammy perch on his lap and lay back against his chest. Steve chuckled as he sat next to his husband and his son at the table for breakfast, looking to Tony sweetly.
"Noooo," Tony whined, inching away from Steve, "Ste--
"Ah!" Steve shuddered, hips moving to press against Tony's. "'Whining will get me nowhere', huh? Sure seems to work well for you."
Um, Hi? So its been a couple of... years. Its been a LONG TIME, but I am wanting to bring this back and work on finishing this. Plus MerMay is coming up soon, and I thought it might be the perfect time to do that during that time.
Steve shook his head carefully.
"You and I both know you're freaky in the sheets, Stevie. You don't get to do
"Thank you, Mr. Boss Man." Pepper chuckled, smooching the boy's cheek.
"No wonder he's been so chewy lately. He's teething." Steve said happily. "We'll have to get him some teether toys."
He barely dodged Steve's spatula, laughing as he scuttled to the dining room to set the table.
--" Steve gasped out "Its really you-- I didn't get to-- you did
"It just had me worried," Steve said carefully, kissing Tony's cheek in return. "I can't even bear the thought of losing you. Not until we're old and gray with grandbabies and everything." He insisted, hugging Tony sweetly. "And I wouldn't want to leave you, either."
"Hi Samwich. Daddy got you breakfast there?" The blond grinned, turning back to Peter. "I'll make us breakfast then we can watch our movie, okay?"
He closed his eyes so he could concentrate, imagining the wall he'd built around himself to slowly come down, brick by brick. A headache surged on, but Tony kept at it, forcing himself to be unmade, feeling his raw nerves be exposed.
"Please don't go, Daddy," he whispered, tear tracks evident on his chubby face, "If I'm noh goin' nowhere, you's can't eider."
"Behave," Tony scolded, pointing at Clint and Peter, "Santa's still watching you two."
"I know, I know. You get babied for a little bit, breakfast and lunch and dinner in bed--I can give you a massage, if you want. It helps," Tony murmured, hand immediately going in to stroke Steve's hair, "You sure you're okay?"
Tony looked at Steve quizzically, eyebrow raised.
"Love you. Love you, too. So much, baby, so much." He panted, lax smile on his lips.
"He's in my bed, half asleep. Did you--"
!!" The boy shouted, jumping on them both, "C'
"We can try to go tomorrow, yeah." Steve said, scooping Peter up as they headed to the car. "Maybe we can get Daddy to come along too, if we go."
He pointed at the already wrapped pile.
"They are not the work you are supposed to be doing--"
"Right here?" Steve made sure, running his fingers over the spot again before pulling his fingers away. He quickly worked on slicking up his cock, lining up with Tony's entrance before slowly pressing in with a hum.
"You're very welcome, lil man," Tony hummed, scooping the boy up, "Tonight we can work on moving your clothes and toys over here, if you want. So you can spend your first night in your new room. How does that sound?"
considering your soulmate's a guy." He joked, looking to Tony sweetly. "It’s okay you haven't been on a real date. Neither have I. So we'd be able to figure it out together."
He paused.
"Mmm, don't be, haven't felt this out in a loooong tine," Tony hummed, examining his hands as if for the first time, "I missed you, pain meds, filthy bastards."
"Feel good?" Steve asked with a smile at the noise, working well on Tony's shoulders and upper back until he could get knots out. "Ooh, you have a lot of tension, babe. When's the last time you've had someone work out your back?"
Steve hummed thoughtfully at that, kissing Tony's cheek. "He is a mini you in a lot of ways, hon." He whispered softly, before speaking to Peter.
"You want me to stop?"
Tony gave him a withering glance, sighing at their laughter while cutting the crusts off Pete's sandwich.
"Hi baby," he cooed.
"Sometimes I feel like Peter doesn't like me. At least, not as much." He hummed.
"Ooh, I love how you look like this, Tony." Steve sighed. "Just so wanting and perfect."
"Duh," Peter rolled his eyes, giggling nonetheless.
"You might just become the master sleuth here, Rogers," Tony rolled his eyes, tangling their legs together to try and leech more heat.
"We must take evasive action! Don't worry, my love! I'll save you from the mini-monster's attack!" He said playing, moving Tony onto the couch as a barrier.
"Oh, fuck, Steve," he groaned, slowly rolling his hips.
"Yeah, we're good. Won't make you watch it." Steve noised softly, running his fingers along each inch of Tony's skin slowly.
He tossed a grin over his shoulder before rifling through their closet, humming in approval once he found the silk he was looking for.
Steve snapped out of his thoughts when he saw the man start to stir. He knew he couldn't let the human see him. He had to leave fast, before the man's eyes opened. Steve quickly grabbed onto the armor face that had broken off and darted into the water, just as the man started to open his eyes. Steve swam behind a cluster of rocks and kept an eye on the man's actions when he fully regained consciousness.
Tony rolled his eyes.
"Papa's gonna tuck you in for a nap, okay, squeakers?" He murmured, gently wiping the stray tears from Peter's cheeks, "And when you get up, we'll do the cookies together."
"You're as cute as a button, oh lord," Tony laughed, putting the stopper in before turning to help Peter, "Here you go, bud. Shoes first."
Once he finally begrudgingly agreed, Tony started about making sure that Steve had things to keep him busy during his absence. He set up some more of the animated movies for Steve to watch throughout the day and set access to some things in the kitchen so that the blond could have lunch and drinks while he was gone. Tony finally set up Steve with a pad of paper and some pencils, telling him that he could use it to try and write or draw to pass time if the movies start to bore him.
"What does he do?".
"And I don't ever want to lose you. You're too damn good to lose." He whispered wetly, caressing at Tony's face.
It needed to happen, snuggles, declarations.
baby."
"Well, what do you think?" The woman said cheerfully, standing from her seat, "I trust everything is still the way you like, Mr. Stark?"
They parted after a moment to breathe, Tony's forehead resting against Steve's as he looked into asking, ocean blue eyes.
Tony opened the door and closed it behind him, taking a breath. He took a seat on Peter's bed, hands folded in his lap.
"Peter, baby, don't worry about it." Steve soothed, smooching the top of his head. "We'll be okay, baby."
"I love you too-- and I got an idea. I betcha Pete would love to go stay overnight at Uncle Bucky and Auntie Natasha's place," Tony murmured, "I mean, we haven't been...
"That's only with weddings, I'm pretty sure, but we won't risk it. My clothes and everything is over there, anyway." He chuckled, kissing Tony's cheek back before heading over to slip on his old boxers and sweats. "I'll come back by when I'm done to 'pick you up'."
"Who has ever called you Cupid?"
He rubbed softly on Peter's back, humming softly. "How about I let you nap a little longer while I make dinner and you can wake up when it’s ready? Does that sound good?"
The blond looked at the other for a moment, thoughts buzzing in his head as he responded.
Steve moved Sammy's hands so they weren't grasping at Peter's glasses but he could still reach the boy.
"Looks like it’s you and me, kid." He told the baby, settling them on the couch with the babe on his chest. "Just me and my Samwich."
"All that is how love and being loved makes you feel. All the blushing and stammering, that's what love does to you." He explained with a smile, cupping Tony's face. "That’s why I love seeing you like that. Because its letting me know you truly feel loved."
Tony choked back another sob, eventually crying again once his stomach started to growl.
"Yeah. I think I could do it. It'd be a challenge, but I'm up for it," Tony replied, "...I think. Better take the chance before I wimp out."
"Always feel great 'round me." He mewled, rocking his hips gently. "So perfect and mine--"
"What happened to
Steve chuckled at the statement, nuzzling Tony's cheek.
"Dance--" Tony gave him a look, eyes widening slightly. "Really? Oh my god, well, okay-- you lead? You're taller." He pulled Steve closer to the musician, fitting a hand on his shoulder, other comfortable in Steve's hand.
He bounced on his heel back out to the desk, giving Miss Potts a quick kiss on the cheek, flicking his eyes over to confirm Steve's jealous expression before rolling his sleeves down and shrugging his coat back on.
want me to fuck you senseless."
Peter took Sammy's hand and gently played with it, grinning when the boy started to squeal.
"Yeah, you are going to have to try harder than that to make up for this." Steve said sternly. "You are lucky I make sure your paint is washable and I have the ultimate recipe to removing stains. But this... This is unacceptable, Peter."
"Lied? Peter, hon, what're you talking about? What did we lie about?" Steve asked, confused.
"Sexy times, huh? I think we can manage that." Steve hummed back, pulling him into another kiss, this one a bit more biting and rough.
"We might as well go in. Besides, it's chilly," he grumbled, wrapping one of the blankets around himself and grabbing a pillow, "Let's go cuddle in our warm bed, and not out in the bright light."
"That motherfucker's getting the best damn bachelor party ever," Clint grinned, "Strippers, right? Can't forget the strippers."
"Yeah," They chorused at him, to which Tony laughed and hopped out of the car, helping Peter unbuckle.
Steve nodded in reply, hair sticking up in different places.
"That's right, you
"Fuck," he whined, not caring that Steve was resting on him, "Missed that."
Steve hummed at the feeling of the circles, revving the engine and driving them off back to the apartments.
"Tony. Tony, hey, what happened baby? You alright?" Steve huffed, running his hands along Tony's chest, searchingly.
"Do I geta hear yet???" Peter whined, his daddy's hands still over his ears,
"Well, it’s the kinda kisses that two people who really, really love each other share. Adult kisses."
"I'm gonna leave my lab alone for a bit. Maybe drag mini-me up here," he murmured, putting a hand on his forehead, "Yeah, that sounds good. I haven't played with him in a while, and I should. Poor guy."
"Peter? Hi, I'm Doctor Blake, but you can call me Donny if you want," he smiled, gentle despite his lumbering appearance, "Do you know what happened to you?"
"Yes, sir..." The boy said quietly, still not quite looking at Tony. He was nervous of the punishment to come.
"Daddy won't leave you out here, Peter. That'd be mean." Steve explained, lightly giving Tony a scolding look and sending a thought with it.
"I missed you so much, munchkin. Felt like it was forever since I got to see you."
"Feels so good, Stevie." Tony moaned quietly, petting Steve's hair in encouragement and praise. "Feels
"Come for me, baby," he purred.
The bot made a few curious whirs and beeps, claw moving like it was checking Steve over.
"I dunno about
And it did. After about a year of marriage and gentle persuasion, Steve had finally given in.
"Yes, that mean you and your bubby, squirt." Steve laughed, smooching Sammy's head and then Tony's lips.
"I have a few. But I dunno if you're up and ready to go again," Tony teased, "You might wanna sleep some more."
Steve sighed happily, kissing Tony again, but making it more tender and gentle.
“Please," Tony groaned, arching into Steve's touch, "Please, baby, rough me up, desk, anything, beggin' you--" Tony moaned loudly, whimpering under Steve's touch.
"He was talking about thank you letters for us and Santa for today." Steve explained, holding Peter on his hip. "He had a good day and enjoyed his gifts."
"I know," he laughed, glad to see the realtor's car parked outside, "C'mon, Babs is waiting for us."
This face looked more like a real  human. The body must be some sort of armor then? Steve looked closer at the face and checked for any signs of the human being alive. God, he hoped it was. He placed his ear extremely close to the nose. He heard slight breathing noise coming from it. The human was alive, just unconscious. Steve sighed in relief. He doesn't know what he would of done if the human had... Well, Steve just didn't want to think about it. As he pulled back, he turned and got a better look at the human.
"Okay," Tony breathed, squeezing Steve's hands.
"Hey you," He murmured, "There's no need to be upset,
"You touch me all the time, what do you mean?" Steve joked, grinning at his husband and kissing his cheek.  "But yeah, I like getting to just cuddle with you." He hummed. "Doesn't happen too often. And we do have Peter here to say it’s gross."
He slipped his thumb into Steve's mouth for only a second, wiping saliva over Steve's lower lip.
It was about a half hour before Steve nosed gently against Tony's face.
"So, this is the dorm you live in?" Tony asked curiously.
"Otay. Fank you, Papa," Pete whispered, kissing Steve's cheek before running off to find Tony.
"It's probably just a twenty four hour buggy," Tony hummed, pulling their dinner out of the oven. He switched it off and quickly served up their plates, setting it at the table before sitting. "You alright?" Tony asked quietly, reaching over to take Steve's hand.
"Well, I can be a slut, so Peggy can deal with it or I'll explain how kinky you really are in bed, and how I use slut to my advantage--"
"You like to think that sometimes, Tony." Steve chuckled before hearing Sammy fussing in the other room.
"Baby boy, please don't cry." Steve said sadly, hugging Peter to him. "There's nothing else we can do about it, munchkin. Please don't cry."
Sammy immediately quieted in Peter's hold, sticking his hand in his mouth to nibble on it.
"Lots and lots." Steve nodded. "Any free time she got that wasn't spent resting, she cooked or baked. And she left me most all her recipes she could."
"Daddy, stay with him while I go get the stuff to help his booboo." He said seriously as he headed upstairs.
"Steve, c'mon, let him mope," Tony murmured.
“Making yourself bleed is
He had to see it again.
"Good boy," Tony praised, making himself comfortable on the bed.
Tony frowned at that, pretending to not silently agree with Steve. He held in a sigh, waving his hand.
"Shh... That’s right, just let it out Tony. Just let it out." He said softly, trying to soothe him.
"My idea better be right, Rogers," Tony huffed, eagerly shoving food in his mouth, "If not, I'm--"
Peter made a gross noise and stuck his tongue out too, shrieking when Tony leaned down to blow a raspberry on his cheek.
"Sorry, peach, we'll coo over you another time," Tony hummed, leaning down to kiss Peter's temple.
Tony ran a stressed hand through his hair, observing the sight in front of him. He was sure it was Steve because of the face, but the rest of the body washed up on the beach was very off-putting.
"I try'ta be good. I have my morals. I know not'ta cheat." He hummed, kissing at Tony's neck. "I'll never cheat on ya, Tony..."
"What cartoons are we watching, peanut?" He asked, running his fingers through the boy's hair.
He headed inside after somehow managing to carry both Sammy's carrier and Peter, being greeted by his husband. "Give me a hand?"
"Well I wouldn't doubt the saltwater part, but you're not hallucinating about me. I am really here. Really real." The merman replied, flicking his tail gently against the tide lapping at the shore. "Now, can I see? You agreed."
He sighed happily, smooching the bear's head before turning to nuzzle at Steve's hand,
"He did real well today. Helped me test some stuff, didn't touch anything he wasn't supposed to," Tony hummed, patting Peter's back, "Right, bud?"
Steve slipped into the bathroom for the moment, pulling his phone out of his pocket as soon as he closed the door and typing up a text.
"I'm pretty sure the soul bond makes me more needy, too," Tony mumbled, kissing down Steve's jaw, "Just want you and need you, Steve, need
"Hey, um, is everything alright?"
"Yeah....." He crawled out of bed and went over to the desk, shuffling through the bottom drawer till he found the red collar, clipping it around his neck.
"Shush, loudmouth," he snickered, finger-fucking Steve faster, "All I should hear is this vibrator. That's it."
"Thank y'," Tony mumbled, curling up to Steve’s side, "Love you."
"He okay?" Tony mumbled, turning his head to look at Steve, "Or is he just grumpy, per usual?"
He tried to hide the blush on his face, but (of course) utterly failed.
Tony looked around, thinking he heard an owl really close, but he didn't see one. Oh well, better talking to a hidden owl than talking to himself, right?
thing from us."
"I'm-- I'm breathing," Tony stammered, adjusting himself ever so slightly, drawing his arms in to his chest, "I'm okay."
"A real smile. I've missed those from you lately." Steve smiled back, taking Sammy to burp him. "You're very welcome, love. I mean it." He chuckled, kissing Tony lovingly.
." He groaned, trying to keep himself up still on his knees and elbows.
Steve nodded and moved towards Tony, stroking at his hair. "I know. But it’s good to get it all out. Cry until you can't anymore." He said with a soft sigh, shutting his eyes for the moment.
"Ready!" He assured, giving a thumbs up in approval.
"Yeah buddy, real superheroes," Tony replied with a hum, ignoring Steve's disapproving frown, "Maybe I can make you a Spiderman costume, hm?"
He placed a gentle kiss on the blond's lips, savoring his taste.
"Yeah honey, we'll get you a booster seat," Tony hummed, helping Steve cut up Peter's food.
"I'm going to the store for some parts, be back soon, might wanna check on the boys," He got out in one breath, stealing a kiss from Steve with a huge grin before dashing off to the garage.
Steve walked in to see the hubbub, dressed back into his boxers and jeans.
"S'otay wiff me, Santa's gonna give me all dere gifties," Pete hummed, yawning sleepily.
"Something like that. I'm just tinkering right now, my real invention's up there. Jay, play nice."
"...You have until tomorrow night to pack up your room and get out of my house." The man said through gritted teeth. "I will only allow my son to live here, and disrespecting me like that? You are no son of mine."
Peter sighed loudly, shaking his head.
Steve kissed back happily at that, nuzzling into Tony's chest.
. Anyway--"
"Sure thing, Aqua Man. We can watch a movie. Didn't think you'd've missed me
"You are the biggest dork,
He paused again.
"No live penguins, Steve," Tony replied, "I'm pretty much allergic to everything anyway."
"Sleep'd be nice..." Steve murmured against his pillow, not willing to open his eyes yet. "I feel I could sleep for years. Or another hour." He yawned, stretching out around Tony and Peter.
"And you doubted your fathering?" Steve hummed, wrapping arms around his waist. "You had practice since you were young and you doubted? You are such a good daddy, Tony." He hummed, nuzzling his neck.
As he swam the direction he remembered, he spotting something sinking in the water once more. Upon closer look, it was another human.
"Bike sounds good--" He whistled when Steve turned around, smacking his ass none too lightly, "You think
Steve gave a small whine as Tony pulled out, nerves twitching as he was still on his high. When he felt he was good to move, Steve turned to his side, wrapping arms around Tony and kissing gently at his husband's face with a happy hum.
He smiled as he watched the boy run off, heading into the kitchen to look for Steve. Finding his husband, Tony sidled up behind him, burying his face in his warm back.
, and I never got to tell you--"
Steve hummed at the touch, eyes drifting close. "Mmm, you sure make it easy to sleep doin' that, though..." He hummed before falling asleep.
"Still. It's not-- Steve." Tony stopped at Peter's door, smacking his husband on the chest.
"Most of them do absolutely nothing," Tony admitted with a laugh, "They're just prototypes for the final machine, that'll have all the coding and shit put into it. Except that weird looking one in that corner. That's the first robot I ever built. His name's Dummy, and he's really friendly. Just stupid."
Steve shrugged lightly, snuggling Tony.
He swallowed, drinking the dregs of his coffee.
'At least that? There's more?' Steve asked, trying not to sound hopeful.
"Yep," Tony sighed, chuckling as he shifted Peter on his chest, "We should get you washed up too, kiddo. Let's go, c'mon, up to your bathroom--"
"M'sleepy," Pete mumbled.
"You two is so gwoss." Peter groused, looking down at Sammy. "Right, little bwotha?"
She nodded and smiled gratefully, tilting her arm so Tony could see the baby; blue eyes and blond curls peeked out of the blanket, chubby arms still waving as he cooed at Tony.
"Uh, yeah. Lots of work to do..." The brunet said carefully, looking down with a flush.
"Pete--" Steve said softly, looking a bit distraught. "Never, ever think that I don't love you so much, munchkin. You are so important to me and I love you very much, son."
"I'd like you to do the honors of fucking me for the first time on our bed.
The baby sniffled and grabbed at his nose, whimpering softly.
"Flash makes fun a'me 'cause I'm smarter than the rest'a the kids," he mumbled, "He and his friends pick on me f'being little, and he likes the beat me up durin' recess. That's how m'glasses got broke."
He smoothed Steve's hair back, sitting down next to him on the bed.
Tony put his head under Steve's chin, chuckling softly.
He sighed happily, snuggling up into Steve's warmth.
"You up?" Tony had cleaned up their room, bringing aspirin and a glass of water to Steve.
He pouted and bumped his forehead against Steve's shoulder, whining softly.
"Only a bit, but I got the gist. I'll take the little one up early, and you two can have a ladies' night," Tony teased, rolling his eyes at Peter's complaints.
"Mmm. Yeah. I'm gonna go check on him," Tony hummed, passing the baby over to Steve, "We can set up the play blanket downstairs, if you want. Or up in the art room."
"Yeah, just a minute." Steve answered as he made sure they had everything.
"Yeah--coloring books," he muttered, "You can buy me those."
-- relax."
They took their shots in one smooth motion, Steve coughing a little as it went down his throat. He wasn't very used to whiskey.
"Papaaa," He bawled, "I w-wan intuh d'table--"
"M'not 'dorable, m'manly as hell," Peter called, not looking up from his drawing.
"Hi, Bruce..." He said sleepily, looking at the box curiously. "What is that?"
He tugged Steve over, pushing him onto the bed before snuggling up to his chest.
"You're silly, ya cutie pie." Steve chuckled gently as he began to rock in the chair. He kissed gently at the baby's head, starting to softly hum 'Somewhere over the Rainbow.'
"I guess that's true. Don't need him worrying, too." Steve hummed, pecking Tony's lips lightly. "I hope he’s being okay over at Bucky's. Haven't heard from them yet."
"Well, when this semester is actually over, I am able to transfer to a 4 year college. Ms. Wyatt thinks that with my portfolio, I could get art scholarships fairly easy and virtually go to any school I wanted through those.And I've heard California is great in the summer.".
"That sounds wonderful." Steve hummed, giving Tony a kiss. "I'll get Sammy settled while you're getting Peter a bath, okay? Kid probably could use a nap."
"He is the only kid I know that would voluntarily read a chemistry book. Our little smarty." He grinned.
Tony looked downward a bit, biting at his bottom lip before explaining.
"Wish I woulda known about it though." Steve said softly, hugging Tony close to him. "What else has happened to you in the past that I should know about?"
good, baby--a-ah-- Not sure how much longer I'll go though..."
Peter sniffled and cuddled Sammy, smile wobbly as the baby chewed on his finger again.
"Not even a couple times!" Peter insisted with a grin. “‘m always good, Papa.".
He smirked and leaned down to kiss at Steve's neck, suckling a hickey on his Irish skin. The blond moaned softly, bucking up into Tony's hand for friction, bringing a hand up to card his fingers through dark locks.
"Mhm. Gotta write Santa a thank you," Peter murmured back, taking the bandages from Steve, "An' you's an Daddy."
Peter's lip wobbled, but he nodded, clinging to Steve's leg.
Once Peter was undressed, Tony got himself undressed, getting in first before helping Peter in.
"They look like little tuxedo people." Steve grinned at Peter, smooching his cheek.
As if on cue in comes Bruce, his supplies from today's work overflowing out of his hands onto his bed.
Tony gently rocked Peter and hummed under his breath, rubbing his back till the boy's eyes slipped shut.
"I think that's an absolutely great idea. He'd love it." Steve enthused quietly, but it raised a question. "How would we get this all set up without him knowing about it?"
"Fucked me good, Rogers," he mumbled, leaning on Steve for support, "Definitely doing that more often. Maybe I'll get called into your office, for once."
"He really wants to chew your fingers, Pete." Steve chuckled. "He won't be satisfied until he has chewed on all of our fingers. And it really isn't bad. Just a bit slobbery."
"Now, I don't want you to move, or make any noises," Tony ordered, thrusting the fairly large dildo in and out of Steve, "Understand?"
Steve looked at Tony for a second, cheeks flushing a bit as Tony tugged him up.
"Our 'fun day' sorta went downhill, didn't it?" Steve laughed humorlessly as they settled on the bed. "I always wind up doing that somehow. Sorry about that." He murmured.
"It’s nice not to use phones on dates unless there is a real emergency or it is important to talk to someone." He explained, handing the phone back. "And I'm not going to purposely try and give you a...a boner on our date. That'd be rude and mean."
"I could do that. But you never asked, so I haven't." He teased.
Tony looked surprised. "I never told you how Pops and I met?" he asked, earning an adamant shake of a head from the boy. "Well then," he grinned "looks like story time, huh? Get comfy, squirt."
"I don't know how you fancy a madman like him," Natalia spoke up, helping Steve pull the sheet back up over the body, "I find it.... strange."
He buckled Sammy into the back with Peter, giving Steve a quick kiss before skipping over to the other car, quickly roaring off for home. Steve sighed softly at Tony's speed, shaking his fondly as he got into the driver's seat. Sammy was still awake and babbled over at Peter, reaching tiny hands over at his brother.
"M'not heavy," Peter protested, frowning as he let himself down, "M'very light."
He went to join Tony, seeing he was right at work wrapping. He locked the door behind him and sat down to help.
He brushed Steve's bangs aside, eyebrows creased in concern. Steve sighed gently, looking to him softly.
"On his arms," Peter replied, "I saw 'em when we was cuddlin' for deh movie. I s'pect dat he'd gots 'em from his wobots."
"You are literally the
"I wanted to sew the eye back on, but Steve insisted I leave it the way it was," Tony chuckled, reaching up to brush his fingers through Peter's hair.
"'Kay." Peter hummed, nuzzling Tony's chest.
"Awe ya still sweepy, Daddy?" Peter asked just as Steve went to wipe at his face, smooshing his cheeks together.
bald.”
said I woul'n' know!" Peter huffed, pouting up at Steve through his curls, "Buh I g'ess if y'say so, you's can stays Papa."
"Silence means happy tummies. Usually." Steve hummed, handing a napkin to Peter to wipe his face when he would finish.
"I mean, I'm not allergic to them, so if Papa says yes, we'll think about it," he replied carefully, "I don't know if having an animal around Sammy is such a good idea, sweetheart."
The boy nodded and kissed him back, blowing a kiss at Steve before wiggling out of Tony's arms to scamper out of the lab.
you. But I never told you." The genius said softly, looking over into bright blue eyes. "I didn't know if you'd feel the same, so I didn't tell you. I didn't want to ruin our friendship if you didn't. But I figured you might not remember once you were better, so at least I can say that I--"
The blond watched with a warm smile, trying not to tear up because he was both proud and witnessing the cutest thing he'd ever seen.
"Hey, babe." He hummed, leaning up to kiss him softly. "Good day?"
Tony just huffed, sticking his tongue out at Steve. "You're a tease," he complained, "And a total sap. Sappy Steve."
“Can’t keep what hidden?” A familiar voice asked, a couple pairs of footsteps entering the room accompanying Clint and Natasha with them.
TW: Tony's past, mention of past physical, mental, emotional, and sexual abuse. Mentions of alcoholism. Howard Stark.
"I don't mind you like a little bit of both. Come to find, I'm the same. I like when you're in control, but I also like making you feel good when I'm in control." Steve smiled softly. "What exactly do you want me to help with when we meet your parents?"
"Awe, ruined the funniest gift," Tony grinned, dissolving into giggles, "Okay, okay."
He sighed and kicked his shoes off, extremely tempted to crawl under the covers.
"Oh no, Potts, do
He took a second to look at the fish dish with an amused smile, the slightly browned cream sauce in the pan. It honestly didn't look overly burned; certainly still looked edible, unlike those eggs he tried to make Pepper on the jet that one time. They could eat this and enjoy themselves, he was sure.
"I think I love you," he mumbled quietly.
"A-and you told me to watch
"Then get workin', Rogers," Bucky laughed, directions already on his knee as he started to piece together the desk, "Don't be a slowpoke."
"Do you wanna talk to him or me? Or give him space?" He asked softly, "He probably is upset, I just hope he doesn't think-- y'know."
"I'll show you in a little," Tony replied, pushing in the third bulb halfway, watching Steve stretch, "You're doin' good, baby, this is the last one."
"What has gotten into him?" Steve asked almost forlorn, running a hand through his hair. "Ever since he started school he has been like this... What happened to out sweet boy? I miss him..."
The next day flew by in anticipation of Tony's surprise. By the time the boys were packed and ready to go, his palms were already sweaty.
"You then must be the Da Vinci of our time. Just more deductive."
Tony nodded and shrugged.
to me."
Steve rolled his eyes lovingly, kissing the top of Tony's head.
"You are the last out of the two of us who would need to worry about that." Steve answered with a soft sigh. "Hell, you aren't even
Tony reached for the reactor out of habit, covering it with his hand defensively.
"Not a chance. I'd prefer you stayed." Steve grinned back, glancing up towards their headboard. "Besides, we haven't gotten to make use of our mistletoe, darlin'-- only have a few hours left before it doesn't count." He chuckled, kissing at Tony's face softly.
"You got
When things settled down, Steve started to speak again.
"A week? A whole
"They could be. Or going to straighten something up." Steve said carefully, watching the woman. "Either way, she's braver than me to do that without a cage or anything."
"Papaaaaaaa--"
"Y'home!" He shouted, oblivious to the little trickle of blood running from his nose.
. Always a needy thing."
"No, Peter. That's not happening," Tony replied, shifting him in his lap, "Miss Parks is going to have a conference with us, and possibly Flash's parents."
"Honey, we haven't gotten private time alone to take our time with each other," Tony murmured, sifting his fingers through Steve's hair, "Of
"We better," Tony laughed, watching Peter make faces at a squealing Sammy, "I love you, y'know."
"You can help me put them on later, okay, squirt?" He said softly, putting the bandaids beside him on the couch, "But first, you've got one more gift waiting for you upstairs."
"So good, Stevie boy, such a good boy," Tony groaned, head lolling back.
"So, you're also a hacker? Are you trying to become a super villain or something?".
"He doesn't like it when ladies look at me," Tony grinned, "He thinks they'll try to-- ah, give me 'special kisses'."
Tony pulled out Sharon's chair and waved for her to sit, letting Steve sit after and himself last.
"He kicked me out of the bed," Tony laughed, handing Sammy back over to Steve, "He told me I took up too much room. Either way, I gotta sew Wade back together. I still can't believe Bucky and Pete fought over it and nearly tore him to shreds."
"I'd like to do it, thank you." Steve said quickly, bouncing off of the bed and over to Tony. His hand trailed gently along the plush fabric of the robe, slowly stopping along the tie.
"...Could I sleep in here tonight, y'think? I just don't really feel like walking back to my room at the moment..."
He snuggled down into Steve, reaching up to lazily play with the stray hairs on the nape of his neck. Steve hummed happily at the touches, playing footsie as they relaxed.
"Steve, Steve, shhh, we got this," Bucky interrupted, pushing on the blond to steer him toward the door.
"I'm gonna put in a donation to an Alzheimer's foundation," Tony murmured, "See if I can get a wing built at that hospital in Seattle.
'My voice was taken, I can't-- Oh my Neptune...' Steve tried saying, the words being projected through the device. The voice sounded similar to his before he traded it over, Tony grinning wider at the sound.
Tony pulled back and nodded, wiping the last of the tear tracks off his face. "Yeah... yeah, lemme wash my face, and I'll change him while you make his bottle," he mumbled, squeezing Steve's hand, "Okay?"
Steve did as asked and angled his hips, picking up his pace and force. He pounded into Tony, moans escaping his lips and body leaning over the other's back.
"What kind of rumors, exactly?" he asked in all seriousness. Howard's expression stayed constant, or if anything it only got more intense.
“Steven Grant, why does U— my precious baby— have an egg?” Tony emphasized, gesturing to the brown and tan shape beside U.
Tony hesitated, but he nodded, swapping children with Steve. "Make sure you bundle up," He murmured, bouncing Sammy on his hip.
Tony moaned softly, reaching up to pet Steve's hair.
"Oh can you now?" Steve questioned playfully, setting Peter down to put the pizza in the oven. He smirked over at Tony before looking back to Peter.
Tony kept his hands on either side of the sink, not replying until the doorbell rang.
"You're hiding something." He said simply at a whisper to Tony. "If you are really hurt and not telling me, I--" he paused. "I will call the others to watch the boys while I take you to the doctor."
Tony let out a slightly nervous chuckle before nodding in response.
. Steve felt full and the pulse of the vibrator was hitting the spot over and over, so slow but that's what he enjoyed.
Tony shucked his yoga pants off completely and tossed them aside, ignoring the tiny trail of blood that ran down his leg. He went over and unlocked the door, shamefully staring at the ground as he stepped back to clean his razor off. Steve didn't even hesitate coming into the room and pulling Tony into a hug, ignoring Tony still had the razor in his hands. He buried his face in the crook of Tony's neck, wetness building up in the corners of his eyes.
"Hi," Tony mumbled, leaning into Steve's warmth, "Steve's told me a lot about you, but I never saw a picture so I didn't recognize you."
"Bruuuuce," he cheered sleepily, "Just who I wanted to see."
"....Romance," Tony answered.
Steve unbuckled him quick and scooped the boy up with a grin.
Steve glanced back with a playful look before turning back to the mix. "And that’s why only you get to see it." He replied. "I don't plan to go out with the limp. People would put two and two together."
"You put up with me and I adore you, so yeah I 'put up with you'." Steve whispered, breathing Tony in and taking the man's other hand in his. "You are brilliant and charming and loving, and I wouldn't want you any other way."
"Part of the job description of being a husband," he hummed, slipping in a third finger, "I'm supposed to know these things."
"I'm not betting against that, because you're probably right." Steve grinned, hearing Peter traipse down the stairs.
"You first," Tony insisted, a smug grin on his face, "I know what Bruce got me, he gets me the same gag gift every year."
"He's helping me out with my project." Steve looked at Tony and gestured towards the other man.
He grinned and smooched Steve's side, cuddling up into his warmth.
He pulled Tony close again, running one hand down his side and the other one that was slicked up reaching around and prodding the man's entrance.
"Of course." Steve grinned back, looking at the frame pieces and getting them in place. "What kind of tools are we needing for this?"
," Tony held back his laughter, cleared his dishes and started to wash the used pans, "What else do you wanna do today? Or is it a 'stay home before I have to put on that goddam uniform again' day?"
"Oh. Well," Steve started as he thought about it "I really like the role play stuff. A lot. And I sort of enjoyed...bottoming quite a bit, too." He flushed softly. "I didn't like being cuffed, though. I like being able to touch you back." He explained.
"I wanted to let you sleep. And these are pretty fresh. It hasn't even been ten minutes." Steve admitted, kissing Tony back happily.
"It’s almost like right after we were married." He admitted with a grin. "It’s relaxing and quiet."
Tony leaned against Steve's shoulder, content to watch his baby sleep away. Steve gave a quiet chuckle at that, rubbing at Tony's arm softly.
Bruce understood the boy's look and carefully opened his gift, pulling out a very antique chemistry set.
"You make the bed?" Bucky grinned.
"We could scar the kid and wall fuck in his room," he grinned.
"Fuck," His voice was ragged and worn, "Steve, I can't-- I can't deal with all these feelings at once, it's too much, I never-- I never learned how to cope--"
Steve smacked one of Tony's flanks, not moving otherwise just yet. "You are in no position to tell me what to do. This is punishment remember? So I will move when I choose to."
Steve chuckled softly. "Yeah, we can watch Ratatouille." He answered "Don't talk with your mouth full though, baby."
“I believe I should know what I would agree to before I decide to or not, Sir." Steve answered, shifting slightly in his chair and crossing his legs gently.
"I'm not used to talking about this stuff," Tony complained, trying to get the embarrassing blush off his face, "Excuse me for being shy over this."
Tony buckled Peter in, kissing his forehead before grabbing his milkshake from the front cup holders.
"Tony, you didn't have to do that. But that was...wow." He stated, completely awestruck at all the righteous fury just exuding from Tony.
He bounded up the stairs and gently sat on Peter's bed, gently rubbing the boy's back.
Scraping his teeth over Steve's cock, Tony pulled off, slipping his tongue into the slit.
The two napped soundly for an hour or so, only stirring awake at the tiny knocking at the door.
"Hi Sammy," he whispered, letting the baby feel his beard.
"That'll be good." He hummed, running his hands through Tony's hair sweetly. "The good thing is that since we just moved, there isn't much to clean. We'll need to go grocery shopping, though. I want to make a nice dinner for her when she first comes to visit."
"Steve--" Tony sobbed, absolutely pained, "Steve, please--I can't--"
Peter nodded gently, nuzzling into Steve's thigh as he tried to wake up. "Uh-huh."
"Sorry," he muttered, making grabby hands for him, "C'mere."
"I'm always warm, you dork," Tony mumbled, "I have other ways to keep us warm."
Bucky and Clint to come hen us for the next two days."
"Yeah, mhm," Peter rolled his eyes and set his empty bowl aside, standing up on the couch to reach out.
"Shhh," Tony leaned up to kiss at Steve's neck, quickly pulling his fingers out so he could undress himself, slicking his hardened cock up before easing himself against Steve's entrance. "Relax, babe," he murmured, "Try and relax as much as possible, okay? It'll hurt a little bit, but I'll wait for you to adjust." He slid in, massaging his thumbs into Steve's lower back.
"I will," Tony hummed, pressing a kiss below Steve's ear before leaving for Peter's room.
"Better?" Steve asked to be sure. "You ready for ice cream? You can get whatever flavor you'd like, okay? And you can help me pick some for Daddy."
"Okay, okay." He chuckled. "You don't have to give me those eyes."
"Don't let that happen. You and I both need your heart." The blond chuckled quietly. "Plus Peter might think you mean it. But he is adorable. He knows it too. Like someone else I know."
"Are you complaining?" Tony asked, an amused smirk on his face, "It's one of the have-to’s of dominance, I guess. Being gentle when not screwing around." He shrugged, pushing Steve's bangs to the side.
Steve had laid Sammy down for bed, letting Peter stay in the room as well by the time he felt Tony's woes.
"Mhm. Hungry. Excited for our trip." Tony reached over Steve's shoulder to swipe his finger through the mashed potatoes, sticking the digit in his mouth.
Steve wanted to cherish the moment. Wanted to cherish Tony.
Sam babbled back, reaching up to wrap a hand around Steve's finger.
"I'm a grown man, Pepper. I can have friends over." Tony scoffed without much heat behind it. "Besides, he isn't one of those kind of friends. I've gotten to know him over this past week and a half, and he is hanging around to visit."
"I wasn't, but if it gets you to blush like that, I'll fuck you anywhere in public.” Tony smirked, dragging Steve over to his apartment, practically tossing him in and slamming him into the wall.
to this, point, but he got there.
"Yeah. Yeah, then we'll go from there." Steve said as he started to pull away from the lot. "We'll need to move the bassinet into our room when we get home, too. He'll have to sleep in there a while before we leave him in the nursery by himself."
"C'mon, let's get ready for the biggest crying fest of our lives," he sighed, "Hopefully, the last one on a road to getting better. Right?"
"Auntie Pep!" He yelled, bouncing on his booties.
could definitely lift me."
"To be honest, it overwhelms me a little," Tony shrugged, leaning up to peck Steve's cheek, "But I wanna pleasure you as best I can, so I'm gonna find everything about you that ticks." He grinned, picking up a cockring while he spoke.
"Can't be too loud," Tony moaned softly, wrapping his arms around Steve's neck, "Y'feel so good, baby, so good--"
"We could add it under the letter later on." Steve murmured, thinking about what all they could do. "Huh? Oh, and what would that be?" He asked, although he had a good idea.
"Okay. Okay, good." Tony answered with a small groan of want from the contact of their hips once more. "All right, we need to go somewhere other than the couch while I show you how to handle this, or I might just explode if this is kept up."
He wasn't doing anything extraordinary, he was just fiddling his iPad. But that is the action that triggered such a response from Steve; This guy's profile was absolutely stunning. Steve started to roughly sketch the male in order to see if he could get a feel of drawing him. The motions came so fluid and easily, and for a rough sketch it actually looked decent. His decision was made. Now just to ask.
Tony sighed and looked to him gently.
"If I had it, I would let you break it willingly." He said with a breathy laugh.
"Okay."
"Eager mc-beaver, hm?"
"Not it," Tony grunted, barely able to turn over, "You fucked me into next year. My asshole is
"You just wanted me all to yourself, didn't you?"  Tony asked Peter once Steve had left, "Little troublemaker."
