Steve’s gaze was enough to silence his friend who grumbled and sat down next to Tony, looking at him from the side.
Hey! Can you believe how fast I uploaded here again? Me neither!! But here I am anyway hi hello sdhfhd
”Please don’t give them back to me.” Voice heavy, as if Tony had just asked something impossible of him. He looked back to the chain his hands, not really know what to do with them. They didn’t belong to him, he didn’t need them.
? It was easy to answer actually, even though they all didn’t want to hear it. It wasn’t romantic or sweet, it was as easy as it came. He wanted answers. He
for all the coffee.” Tony filled one cup not making eye contact. It was easier to play a role when nobody could tell that he’s acting.
”What?” He asked, a bit more harsh than strictly necessary, but give him a break, he was an asshole on his good days and Rogers was really pushing him with those half — sentences without meaning.
Tony had nearly reached his door, when he heard Steve speak up again. ”Tony, just —” his voice was so quiet that Tony nearly couldn’t hear it over the low humming sound of the switched off TV and ticking of the big clock. Or he wouldn’t have been able to hear it, if the volume of Steve actually asking Tony for something hadn’t been louder than anything. ”Don’t.”
”But the hospital is s’pposed to make people feel better. Why is Daddy not feeling better?” Peter sounded upset. Apparently Tony was not the only one to realise that, because Rogers got up from his chair in an instant, kneeling in front of Peter instead, laying his hands on the child’s thighs, looking at him with big honest eyes.
Steve threw away the paper towels and settled back on the table and began to cut the pork on Peter’s plate into little pieces. ”Married life is fun,” he deadpanned, before tapping on the tip of Peter’s nose. The kid screwed up his nose and then took the fork out of his father’s hand, eating messily.
”I just wanted to talk,” he shrugged, leaning awkwardly against Tony’s closet with one shoulder. The movement seemed so mechanic and uncoordinated, as if Rogers had forgotten for a second what to do and how to behave with his body. As if it was suddenly too big to fit him. Tony only raised an eyebrow, prompting him to start talking.
He didn’t know when exactly both their views changed. They’ve been out of college for a long time, Rhodey went to the military, where he could die and Tony guessed was the reason why Rhodey’s mother always cried, when seeing him again and letting him go.
Tony nodded a few times, not really knowing what to do now. What was protocol now? What was he supposed to do?
Tony did sleep a few hours, having weird dreams about him and Rogers, outside with the kid. It was a far cry from a nightmare but it didn’t fell like it wasn't one either. It just reminded him of one thing, that he had forgotten what apparently had been the most important thing in his life. And as hard as he tried, he just couldn’t see it. That wasn’t him. He wasn’t made to care so deeply for somebody that he’d give up everything he was for them. It wasn’t what he wanted to be.
did he know about the nightmares. After all, he was the person who helped Tony through them, held him close in good nights and stayed awake with him in bad ones for the past 3 years.
Right after that, Steve’s expression fell. There wasn’t another word to describe it, he just downright broke. Tony didn’t think he’s ever seen so many expressions, so much hurt out in the open, not on Steve’s face at least.
Tony extended one hand carefully, keeping it over his shoulder, not quite knowing if he should touch Steve.
Tony himself took over Stark industries, building prosthetics for children and adults. He would be manufacturing weapons, but Pepper, his red headed assistant who didn’t care whether he loved or hated her or did literally nothing of those two or in between for that matter, told him that he had a leak. Innocent people had died because of that.
Rogers didn’t break the damn eye contact. Tony really didn’t know what to do about it. He had literally never talked to a person who he could tease as much, try to make him feel embarrassed and still get no backing down.
Rogers crossed his arms over his chest, Tony was the last one to complain about seeing his biceps so on display. Yeah, he could really see Rogers and him together. In maybe one one-nightstand. Maybe, possibly, an ongoing booty — call, perhaps, yes. But marriage? Yeah, still no.
"I know that you don’t care about me, okay. But you are the love of my life and I look at you and see him and then you open your mouth and — ”
Now it was Tony’s turn to laugh slightly, actually able to picture that. Steve grinned at him when he saw him laughing. ”You weren’t, in fact,” Steve continued, now also looking at the coffee table. ”But right there was a black velvet box, open with the gold band inside. So of course, I ran over to look at it and you were running after me, all but tackling me to the ground still in your apron, telling me that I saw nothing.”
the point. And nobody seemed to get the point either. Because this wasn’t Tony being stubborn and dramatic, this was Tony finally watching out for himself. Because even though the rest of the team didn’t seem to get it, or didn’t
He then left the room after making sure that Tony was alright, and Rhodey went with him, much to Tony’s misery.
“Steve Rogers. I am here because of the Art Collection. I’ve called Pepper, who’d told me that you might be interested in some of my art works.”
Steve ruffled through his hair before he turned to face Tony. ”I don’t think you two ever finished it. Peter complained about it. You tried to make a little robot spider. It should have been able to climb walls, I think, but you never even finished the whole schematics.”
Steve put one arm around his waist, keeping Tony up while they stumbled to his bedroom. They walked past Clint who looked at him with a worried expression, obviously trying to keep himself from asking what the hell had happened.
Clint sat there, holding lazily on to his own steaming cup of coffee and flashed him a teasing grin.
”I am certain you already know that, but I just wanted to let you hear me say it out loud, to make it clear. I’d
Tony huffed frustrated, then, not getting the attention he hoped he’d get. He leaned a bit closer to Rogers, getting his smug grin back on his face. He’d get the sadness off of the man’s face and if it took everything he got.
She wanted him to be happy, but he didn’t know what that meant. She cried often those days but he couldn’t find what she expected from him, so he just always stared, thinking that she looked oddly old, when she wrinkled her nose like that.
“Well, think about it, you people smile when you’re happy. You literally show your teeth when you are pleased by something.”
Stark, you hear me? You know what that is?” He pointed at the needles in Tony’s arm, as if he didn’t figure all this out already, “It
, of course. That’s why she called Tony out, because he was ignoring a friend of hers. As if it was her problem. As if Tony was the one to blame — but that’s just how others saw him. The selfish one. The one who fucks up, okay, he got it. But not here, not in his workshop, not in his safe space. He let them in his
“Am I like — a good Dad?” He had to know. He might be ready to try again, or for the first time but at first he had to know that he had at least a slight chance of doing right with the kid. If Peter told him no to this question he’d leave, he was sure of it. He might be many things but he would not stand for that.
”Tony, why do you have to be this stubborn and — ,” Steve threw his hands up and sighed exhausted, as if he was truly tired of Tony not forgiving him for nearly
Rogers hands gripped tighter around the dinosaur shirt and honestly, nobody should be allowed to look this finished with their lives while holding a neon blue kid’s shirt with tiny green dinosaurs on it in their hands.
If Steve felt for him what Tony felt for Steve, he’d stay, right? Then again, it was probably better this way anyway. Steve deserved everything and well, Tony didn’t even scratch the surface of that.
He took the wedding band off the chain and tucked the dog tags back, not wanting to confront himself with too much at once. He’d come back to take a closer look at them, later.
Tony didn’t pay any attention to him, though, all he could think of was the one little image that had rushed through his thoughts. It was just so unreal.
All he found, though, was that Steve obviously thought Tony was the biggest asshole on earth, who went out to hook up with someone.
much they thought he fucked up, but he didn’t expect it to be the first thing when he opened his eyes.
”Daddy?” He said again and Tony really didn’t need to hear a kid call him that. He was many things and admittedly 'Asshole' also made it on the list, but 'Father' didn’t. He had been careful, at least when it came to that.
What do you do when you’re afraid? He looked down at his shaking hands and tried to think rationally but he really couldn’t. There just was so
He saw Peter, but a lot smaller than he was right now. He was wearing a little blue onesie, clenching a red blanket with spiders printed on it in his little fists, sleeping in Steve’s arms who looked down to his maybe 6 months old son like he was the axis his earth spun around.
Tony turned his gaze away from the wall behind her, still seeing the traces of the yellow in his vision.
He aimed for the most casual tone the next time he saw Rogers, which was way earlier than he’d have liked, unsurprisingly. He had to live with them, his
I also posted the first chapter of another fic, it's post: Infinity War, check it out and let me know what you think :)
Steve nodded again, smiling his weird private smile again. The little curl around his lips that looked like nothing but obviously meant everything. He looked so happy for a second that Tony was completely taken aback. Steve always looked so sad, this little happy edge around his eyes gave his face something unfamiliar, something really strange.
It took him way too long to get what happened, all he knew was that he as shaking again, in his throat a silent scream  he couldn’t let out while he stood in the middle of his workshop like he was paralyzed. His breath quickened, his lungs ache and his heart beat so fast, he didn’t know how to deal with it.
But it was okay. He just needed a few minutes to warm up before he could feel less paranoid around them, but he mostly really got along with them all right. Well, with some more than with others.
Tony sighed and snipped to get the boy’s attention, who to his credit turned around in an instance and then smiled again, as if seeing Tony was something great and exciting.
He was tempted to do so, for a second. Just to remind Rogers one more time that he wasn’t whoever he was when he had married him. To show him that they didn’t share a
just how badly he fucked up. He was very well aware of it, thank you very much, he didn’t need anybody to yell at him.
He studied the drawn dog on his cast instead, looking how the kid had drawn over the rims when coloring it red and golden.
”Darling, like I said.” Tony tried to cross his arms over his chest, realizing too late that he couldn’t move his right one and ended up in some weird half hug with only his left arm, that he then just played off as if it was exactly what he wanted to do. ”No. I’m always careful with these things. Condoms and all.”
But at least the team became more easy around each other, even though Tony tried to keep his distance and never let any deep—feelings talk happen. Steve tried to talk to him again, more than once, but Tony was good at finding ways to escape any conversation.
He had just wrote down everything he knew about himself right now, just to get a better picture of it. Just to be able to take a closer look, without feeling like it was too much.
Nothing really changed for him. When he loses a bit of his hair then so be it, he’s 47, it had to happen eventually. His cheeks sunk a little? So what. He had amazing cheek bones, no need to worry to much. The only thing was that he caught every virus out there. It seemed like he could’t stop coughing, but no reason to worry there.
Steve knew. Steve knew about how he felt and he never said anything. He hadn’t come to Tony about it, never seek the talk. He knew and he ignored it.
“I am serious. I love you. But I am also having a really hard time telling what is real and what isn’t right now. And I’ve got like a shit ton of nightmares trapped behind my eyelids.”
”Is there something you need, Tony?” Rogers asked, sounding tired. Tony wondered how this man even managed to keep his sad pout on when he was as tired as he sounded.
This has been like 90% of all I have had pre - written, I only have like half of chapter 7, so it might take another hot second till the next update comes, but stick with me, I'll finish this.
. They were everywhere, in his workshop, his living room; this whole tower was filled with people who knew exactly where to hit him, who knew his weakest spot.
It wasn’t him, not by mind anyway, but it really could’ve been. He squinted his eyes and let it all play all over again, needing to find the one mistake the creature made when trying to act like him. But he came up empty. If he hadn’t given up drinking, he’d be convinced that it was him but he was just too hungover to remember it.
The man in front of him laughed and just nodded, still looking like he thought that Tony went crazy.
Rogers only looked at the tags in his hand as if he just recognized them as something he has connected a bunch of memories to, but now didn’t know anymore how it fit in all of these.
”Yes!” He exclaimed loudly, giggling again, ”When I move around a lot, his shirt gets all wet, look!”
After swallowing several chips of ice he felt marginally better, so he turned his attention back to Jarvis.
Tony walked over to the coffee pot and filled his cup, ready to make a run for it after finishing his statement, because it needed to be said, “But me not eating dinner with you all is not?”
”Not a word, jerk,” Steve hissed when Bucky was also about to laugh at it, after he had send Peter to his room, to unpack his backpack again.
Steve had told him he loved him, though. Had said all those things about him being the most important thing for him and his betrayal hurt like every bad thing Tony’s ever been through multiplied by 20. Because Steve was supposed to be Tony’s never forget—never regret. His head over heels, his seal of the deal, but he just didn’t deserve that apparently.
Tony felt no doubt on this side, who else could it be, really? Rhodey wanted to, he had talked to Tony about it so often, tried to let him do it, but Tony didn’t want to take even part of his happiness away. Rhodey deserved to have it all.
The night before they sent him to the first of many therapists, his dad came into his room. He looked down at him, shaking his head over and over, before kneeling down in front of Tony’s bed and looked right into his eyes, as if there were all the answers they apparently all searched for.
His head still won’t really grasp it, it still gave him a terrified taste in the back of his mouth, but maybe this time he could really try.
Tony didn’t know why he was the one who had to hide how annoyed he was with the whole thing right now. He was trying to provoke Rogers a little, but his way of being easy to tease and simultaneously too calm to show a reaction just seemed wrong and unfair.
This here was Rogers’s and his second chance, though. And they had fucked it up. Life would lead in a different direction from here. No doubt, if this had been the first time they had met, they would have ended up as not even friends. Just passing strangers.
He practically had to pull Clint, who still looked something in between pissed and devastated, out of the room.
Yet, there was something like an I Dare You in his expression. As if he had nothing left to lose and no problem showing that to Tony. Showing him that he hadn’t stopped fighting even though he had lost.
Tony called bullshit, but since he couldn’t really do anything, he just went to keep staring at the doctor and didn’t turn to SR again. Life didn’t go that way, especially not Tony’s and even if it did, he wouldn’t let it.
The doctor never stopped smiling; it looked weird too. As if his face was going to become stuck like that. He looked down to the apple and started pulling all the seeds out. After he was finished he took Tony’s hand and laid the apple in it.
He decided against it, again. Rogers seemed more like the kind of guy that you could make mad easily but way faster with actual words.
”He sure will, little one,” Rogers reassured, shooing a glance in Tony’s way that was no subtle hint. It was a clear warning, there was no misunderstanding the message. It had a threat to it that made Tony swallow heavily and then nodding, slowly.
”Cap left for mission for S.H.I.E.L.D overseas yesterday evening, he won’t be back for at least 2 weeks,” Sam said casually, obviously trying to find out if Tony knew more as to why Steve had the sudden urge to leave.
“I thought you had found out somehow and it used it against me.” Steve hunched over a bit, his crossed arms slowly slipping back to his sides, his shoulders hanging, “I am sorry.”
Steve narrowed his eyes in Tony’s direction, daring him to finish the sentence. Tony snapped his mouth shut and just stared at Peter wide-eyed.
But he now knew that it felt like having a tiny heater against his chest when holding the kid. Also that Peter was so light and fit so comfortably in his arms, something in him couldn’t stop screaming that he didn’t want him to grow up further. He was perfect just the way he was right now. He also knew now that Peter’s shampoo smelled like strawberries and that he had a problem in pronouncing the letter R.
“Like pain? Can I hit you and you won’t feel it?” Rhodey made the attempt to punch Tony’s leg, that was stretched out next to him, but missed by a couple of inches, so he barely scratched the denim of his washed out blue jeans.
Seeing it so exposed out in the open made him want to take it back. Take it back, burry it deep, make sure nobody could ever see it again. Would ever know it existed in the first place.
All he had felt had hurt but now? Now every pain seemed numb because he was just so glad that he woke up this morning even though he had hoped he wouldn’t, deep inside of him.
”Well,” Tony said slowly, watching Rogers even closer. How could this man be so good at showing no emotions but one? It frustrated Tony; he had always appreciated people who could just be straight forward. He knew that Rogers had more in him than just a sad pout. ”I see why I’d fuck you, totally. But 8 years? Marriage? Kid? Let me see!”
Tony was about way too tired to deal with that now . Whatever it was that made Steve even more miserable just now, he’d have to figure it alone.
“And seriously 8th cup? I am beginning to think Clint isn’t the only one with a serious coffee issue here.”
The word felt only heavy on his tongue, as if it didn’t belong there. But maybe it did. Maybe he’d have a chance to do right, just now.
He didn’t know what Steve wanted from him, but he sounded so hurt, so serious that Tony was about to agree just to make Steve stop looking as defeated as he did.
“Legolas? Could I speak to you for a second?” His voice sounded strained, he barely recognized it himself. Unfortunately wasn’t he the only one who realized how off he sounded, Steve immediately turned around and raised an eyebrow.
He had actual hope that he could be all right again, that they could recover from this for the first time since he had woken up in the hospital.
”I know okay, I do,” Rogers rushed to say, as if he didn’t want to take the chance that Tony would verbally agree too. Tony wondered if that would have made Rogers cry then. Maybe. He looked about ready to.
”You look really good, I get that,” Tony clicked with his tongue, letting his gaze linger on Rogers, deliberately. Rogers, though, didn’t even look up, he just folded a ridiculously little shirt with blue fish on it; seriously did kid’s clothes even need folding?
Tony only nodded as an answer, avoiding to look any of them in the eye. As he sat down, the conversation carried on but he didn’t do anything to be included in it. He just sat down and observed. He looked at Clint, sitting cross legged on the other side of the coffee table, Lucky having his head on his thigh, his one eye on Tony.
When he sat down under the transmitter that evening he felt like breaking down, waiting for the next storm to hit him. He had played this game for months now, he was just so sick of losing. But he needed to — he needed to
“I gave you a bit of determination, courage, and self-confidence. And now stop moping and go get your
. And that doesn’t have to be a bad thing but —,” Steve sat down on the edge of one of the workbenches and sighed, “Your cars drive all by themselves. And also, cars are huge now, Tony. What do people need so much space for? And computers are tiny and everywhere and nobody is impressed by it anymore and I — I am
Later when they lay together in bed, though, Steve looked thoughtful at Tony. Like he had something going through his head from which he knew it was wrong to think about and that is when it hit Tony, too.
”And he will feel better soon?” He asked, sounding so naive that Tony felt bad for a second, wanting to chime in and hug the child, telling him that he was sorry for being an asshole, but he was confused and hurt and he didn’t know who he was. Who he was supposed to be.
”He likes it better even though it’s not the fastest?” Tony asked in faux shock, hearing Steve chuckle deeply from where he still sat in the kitchen. When Tony turned his head to look at him, Steve just continued to smile slightly at him, nodding with so much gratitude that Tony felt as if he had to tell him that he didn’t just do it for him.
slightly opened mouth. Visibly connecting the dots in his head, taking Tony’s seemingly random rambling as what it was.
”Buck, listen, I know that my son has big puppy eyes,” Steve said then, sounding a bit less tired than he had before. ”I know. But have you seen me buy him a dog? Exactly.”
He showed him half an apple and pointed to the seeds. “You see these? Those are the things people feel. Deep inside of them, but they can be made visible, right? And you, little one.”
”Yeah, that happened,” Tony said in a voice in which other people apologized. Maybe he should, too. He had been inappropriate and he knew it. But actually saying that out loud took more than he could give right now.
Bucky huffed and took another piece of bread and began to put butter onto it. ”There’s a kid in the house, remember?”
”I don’t need them,” Tony stated confused and then regretted his words when Roger’s other corner of his mouth joined to one that was already pulled down. He looked older now. As if he had just lost a battle and didn’t know what to do with himself now. Well, neither did Tony. As far as Tony was concerned
he had drunken a whole glass of water and eaten a half of an apple and a piece of bread. He felt oddly full and empty all at once.
Rogers nodded and walked one step closer to Tony, till he seemed to realise what he had just done and came to a stop, still a respectful distance away.
In the end there was always just him. He wasn’t supposed to have nice things. He didn’t deserve them.
Steve pulled his eyebrows together, the sad expression more prominent than it had been mere seconds ago. Tony nodded to himself, he had fucked up yet again.
To face the truth, food always has been a weak spot for him. It started so harmless and it wasn’t supposed to get out of hand so badly. It was good for him it gave him control, it made him feel alive and it was not serious.
”Sure thing, pal. Visiting hour is over in 10 minutes so make it quick. I’ll be outside with Sam and Petey.”
And he also absolutely not shed a few tears later on, before telling Jarvis to turn his music up as loud as possible. He may have worked on the damned arrows for 31 hours straight, until sleep overcame him eventually.
His dream shouldn’t have been terrifying. He had bad and worse nightmares and this wasn’t one. He was sitting on a bench, seeing Steve throwing an easy laugh in Bucky’s direction. It shouldn’t have been terrifying at all, but, God help him, it was. Because he had never felt more alone and empty in his entire life. He woke up with a silent scream on his lips and an aching pain in his chest.
He dropped his hand and shook Steve softly, who just pulled his eyebrows down and murmured unhappily in his sleep.
Because the sad truth was, that Steve looked like he believed it, alright.He looked devastated, as if he had no problem picturing Tony cheating on him like that.
”Spiders,” Tony said breathless, also getting Peter’s attention, who abandoned his cereal to raise his light eyebrows at Tony.
Still, he had fucked up. He had made the kid sad and well, if there was somebody who literally had no fault at all about all of this, it was him.
Or, yeah, he should be an ass about it, because after all, what was easier? What would finally bring the message across that Tony wasn’t the husband anymore he seemed to once had been. He didn’t know how to. He didn’t want to know.
; over and over again, anytime when the world around him began to crumble and he couldn’t tell anymore what was real and what wasn’t, he’d sit back and watch it all.
. He didn’t really give a damn. He didn’t know this Rogers guy, he had woken up with no hope to change the end his life was leading to. He didn’t need a husband and kid to have a good life, either. He never needed anybody. He had never intended to drag others in the mess he called his life and it wouldn’t change now either. Even though in the past he had seemed to have changed.
”Nah,” he answered, looking at Steve with what he hoped were honest and open eyes. ”I wanted to look through my files some more.”
He brought the glass to his lips, his head yelling at him that it wouldn’t help him anyway and that this hole in his chest was so much more than just the missing part of his sternum, but he didn’t pay attention to it.
Her tone was pure business. There was no question, there was nothing to answer, but Tony felt the strange need to defend himself. This was
He was convinced that he did just have a one night stand gone rough till like 10 minutes ago and now Rhodey was here and looked devastated but not as much as the blonde stranger, who was actively trying to get his breathing under control, while his eyes did this weird shiny thing, as if he was about to cry.
Steve swallowed hard, his eyes shining bright with tears too. His thoughtful expression back in place, like his thoughts ran miles per minute while he barely could walk a meter.
“You are happy, this is—” He cut himself off in laughter and looked down to Tony who smiled. He actually
“How do you know?” Tony bit out, trying to suppress everything he felt and do what he could do best. Attack. He had yelled at his father, when he had hit him. It hadn’t helped but this had always given him something. He didn’t want to make shouting match out of this, though, he just wanted to be
Tony ground his teeth, he hated not to know what was going on in the other's mind. Why did he act like that?
He couldn’t add that to this pain, too. He had already known that Steve didn’t feel the same way about him. It was why he had never said anything about it before. But actually knowing it was still something completely different. Now he had the proof he never wanted.
”Yeah, Stark, thanks.” Clint nodded at him and gave Tony a friendly pat on the shoulder. This little touch made Tony freeze in order to suppress a flinch; just for a tiny second before he plastered his trained bright smile onto his face, even though it felt weirdly heavy too, as if his skin didn’t quite fit anymore. So here he was, trying to look unconcerned, like this wasn’t killing him inside.
“That’s one of mine!” Was the first thing Tony yelled out excitedly instead of a greeting, when he got a glimpse of the shiny, metal prothetic that was there instead of his left arm.
”Hey! How are you? You really scared us at breakfast,” Steve said, his voice quiet. He sat down next to Tony’s legs, but not touching him.
Tony counted it as a little victory for now. It wasn’t quite angry but not his forced calmness either.
“Good Morning, -” He looked up at the guy vaguely, not knowing what to think of him. He only had that much to choose from, too, and it was not hate he felt, but not disgust either. But there was something, he couldn’t name or even really feel for that case. It was just weirdly silent, as if he finally got his not—caring back.
”Romanov,” he said her name slowly, let it hang in the air between them for a bit, “If you don’t have anything to say about your new uniform, then get the hell out of my workshop.”
He didn’t know why he deserved to feel bad when thinking about that. He wondered if he could just ask Rogers that.
”Fathers leave,” Tony answered harshly, about finished with it all. ”No reason to be a pussy about it.”
The only one catching one had been Clint and he didn’t even know what he caught on. Tony would be okay, he could fix that; he was good at fixing things.
“This is a hard one. Many people say it’s one of the worst emotions ever. It’s just when you feel no hope in anything, like at all. When you just want to give up, because nothing seems to work, I guess. When you just fail so many times at something that you begin to fail to see the point behind it.”
There wasn’t any sign of annoyance in Steve’s voice. He sounded confused, but ready to listen to whatever Tony would say to him.
Tony laughed, just a little sound. It made the whole scene seem a lot more domestic. ”I stand to my word.”
”I hadn’t even planned on leaving,” Tony yelled out then, weirdly feeling as if he had lost the game only he had been a part of.
“I’m literally living with a billionaire why should I buy my own coffee?” Clint made a grabby hand motion to the coffee pot and sighed in relief when he had it back in his possession.
Clint, Steve and his always following shadow Bucky looked down on the floor instantly, Natasha just raised an unimpressed eyebrow and Sam eyed him up and down and then inhaled sharply, whispering
Tony knew all that but he couldn’t stop either. He didn’t know what of him would be left when he dropped his defences. He didn’t want to find out either.
”When I walked trough the door, you were in the kitchen in an actual apron. You looked so startled and you were asking what I was doing at home so early, sounding so spooked. I swear, for a second I wondered if you were hiding a lover somewhere because you looked so startled in the direction of the coffee table, as if you were hiding somebody underneath.”
Steve’s whole expression shifted so fast, Tony thought he’d get whiplash. He went from looking concerned and worried, to smiling softly with the happiness back around the edges.
Bucky looked really sad for a second, losing the easy expression he had worn just a minute ago. Tony couldn’t help but think that it might just have been an act for the kid. To leave him in ignorance for just another few hours, before dropping the truth bomb on him.
close. Her green eyes sparkled, she seemed relaxed and comfortable but there wasn’t her little not-smile going on. She just looked him up and down as if in thought and then slapped Clint’s hand away from where he was trying to steal a piece of her pizza, without as much as breaking eye contact.
Steve nodded as answer in a downright heartbreaking manner. “I don’t expect anything from you, Tony. You are in the middle of recovering and I didn’t want to make it harder on you. Like the others didn’t too. You hurt them.”
”Aha”, Tony answered unimpressed, looking directly into Sam’s eyes, challenging him a little, ”Worse than you, or about the same?”
at him. He never in his life wanted to be swallowed by the floor or just poof into thin air that badly before.
fight — like he was desperately trying to find something to hold on to, to keep him from failing, but couldn’t.
Tony wanted nothing more than to seek out Clint. Tell him that he didn’t mean it, that he literally didn’t say any of that. He wanted to apologize to Lucky, too. To the whole team.
“Steven, stop feeding Pizza Dog,” Clint huffed out through a mouth full of coffee, ”He’s spoiled enough as it is.”
He worked for months, trying to find the easiest way to transmit the information that contain emotions from one brain to his own.
“Look at you, talking about spoiled, sitting in a kitchen in which you let others cook for you, in a tower you don’t pay rent for, drinking coffee that’s not yours,” Tony shot back and then turned back to Steve with a satisfied grin when all that Clint answered was a motion of him zipping his lips.
who could take him away, because, Jesus, Tony was awake for 5 minutes and he really didn’t need that right now. He wanted something to drink and then sleep and maybe even find his one night stand again and see if she was up for another round.
This had been the final straw for Steve and Tony could be sure of one thing. This won’t be easy. Maybe impossible.
”Rainbow!” Peter exclaimed and Tony drank his whole cup of coffee in one go. He couldn’t do that. Children were just so — children.
All of your comments to the last chapter were so nice, I'm still smiling about them! I'm sorry I didn't answer, I'm really running on like 0 free time right now, but please know that I appreciated them all.
The man just pulled up one corner of his mouth and then nodded down, bringing Tony’s attention to the dog tags on his neck.
“I can handle myself,” Tony deadpanned in the similar tone other people say: 'I only got 6 months to live.' And who knows, as far as he’s concerned, this was a possibility and depressingly likely.
He also said that he couldn’t promise that his memories would return. It was likely, but it were still
“See? You don’t get it! You fall in and out of love all your life. You’re born and love your mom and then you make friends and love those, you have about 12 love of your lives, but I don’t, okay? I know it. This was all or nothing and I fucked it up.”
The silence after that stretched between them, like a haunting third presence in the room. It was so thick and heavy that Tony was certain he could cut through it with a knife.
“It’s okay to just watch out for yourself right now. But I appreciate that you don’t and look out for little Pete, too. He had been missing his Daddy really badly.”
He heard that sentence more often than anything else for the next few months when his parents always fought, while he looked blankly past them, too disinterested to hear what theories his mother had now.
He screwed up so badly that everybody saw it, and there was no way to hide his weakness away anymore.
The funny things about emotions are, they are literally just little information drops, that get sent through the meat ball in your head when you experience things. Many people don’t even realize all of them anymore, forgetting the fact that they don’t have time in which they don’t feel anything. And he wanted that. He wanted this information slime in his brain, too. He wanted to build something and be proud of it. He wanted to look at Hammar and
Steve didn’t even have to say it out loud, Tony had gotten the end. He was getting dumped. There was no 'It’s me not you' because of it’s him. It’s always him. There was nothing wrong with Steve, he had been nothing but the perfect boyfriend Tony had never thought he’d have, who would blame him for leaving? He was right, he deserved to be loved back. By heart. And Tony was certain that he did, but not enough. How could it be.
He hadn’t heard many explanations about emotions in his life. Mostly because people didn’t find the words or time, didn’t have the patience. Nobody really told him anything but Rhodey anyway, so he just — he felt like running more often than not. He didn’t get it. He only got that emotions hurt and you can’t make it stop, it’s always there, so why were people so obsessed with it anyway?
He could see them try their hardest to not double check him when he walked into a room and really, they didn’t seem that bothered by it anymore, things like that just happened. But he felt different. He hadn’t been mind controlled, he hadn’t been
Tony looked him up and down. He was handsome, yes, but not so much so, that Tony could imagine to giving up his party life and settle down with him.
Tony sat back heavily and let out a breath, trying to get his thoughts in order. This wouldn’t be the only thing he’d failed today.
But nobody needed to know that Tony didn’t have any idea how to fix himself on his own. He was in too deep, everything was heavy and he was
Tony rubbed his head and groaned, looking around for a coffee machine. ”Oh yeah, I hoped that this was just a fucked up dream.”
Rhodes jumped a bit, obviously a bit too deep in self congratulating thoughts and looked down at him again, his mouth in a frown.
What does fear feel like?” He closed his eyes and rested his head on Rhodey’s lap, waiting for his friend to order his thoughts.
”Do you need me to come with you two?” Steve asked, looking at Tony understandably and grateful. He was giving Tony an easy out, offering help without making him feel like he didn’t believe that Tony could handle Peter on his own.
All that mattered was Tall Blonde who rubbed his left hand and Tony didn’t even need to look to be sure that he was playing with a wedding ring, that would be the twin to the one on his own hand.
Sam and Clint barked out a laugh and even Bucky made a huffing sound. Tony found himself able to take a real breath for the first time since the elevator doors opened and the other half of the team walked in.
Tall Blonde didn’t laugh, though. His expression was still on low power mode, looking serious and about 5 years older than he had when he had first entered the room.
”I can’t believe I didn’t want children,” he said, deep in thought. It was true, he didn’t know how he even ever had planned on not having that.
Tall Blonde looked at the ceiling for a second and then settled his heavy gaze back on Tony again. He was sure that it made breathing harder than even the child had, when he had sat on his chest. He wanted to yell at this guy, asking him why he felt the need to communicate with heavy subtext instead of words, but before he could bite that out, the man answered .
It shouldn’t have come as a surprise when she cornered him in the kitchen after dinner, but he still flinched when he turned around from the sink and was nose to nose with her.
Tall Blonde gritted his teeth and then settled back to the heavy eye contact. There was more than just blue to his eyes, it was as if they were trying to communicate with him. Begging him for something and Tony was really too tired for anything but straight out explanations. He looked away.
“I’m all right.” This was, after all, the easiest lie for him to tell. He had used it so often already that it came naturally through his lips.
“Go easy, Clint,” Bruce said warningly, while stepping into the room and closing the door behind him.
. There had been people who had literally cut out a part of him. But this. This footage, this experience was the one that took the cake.
”No, actually,” Tony sounded so distant, even he himself was impressed by just how good he could act this cold, as if his heart wasn’t shatter into yet more pieces, ”Sometimes team mates don’t tell each other things. Like how they really feel, who killed their parents, y’know, it’s fun.”
“Hey, I am more of a gentleman then any of y’all living here.” Sam smirked back teasingly, seemingly not realizing just
So Tony just swallowed all his feelings down, ignoring the burning inside of him and closed his expression off again.
Tony fled out of the kitchen, the last thing he saw was Rogers picking the crying kid up and beginning to rub over his back, trying to soothe him, talking in a soft voice to the distressed child.
”Peter?” Steve called out, voice husky, before he looked around the kitchen confused, till his eyes landed on Tony.
Steve was the first one to notice him, immediately his eyes lit up and he made a bit of space next to him on the couch. “Hey, nice of you to join us.”
His project for that night was to throw all the alcohol, backup alcohol and backup-backup alcohol out until his workshop was free from any of it. Hopefully he could go back to work, not missing pointless drinking once.
Rhodey leaned back and studied the ceiling, obviously trying to figure out what Tony meant with apple seeds, before dismissing it. His glass laid empty next to him.
, he was here for a reason. Which was not his work and had nothing to do with this guy, well that was weird.
He just didn’t think about it. He was a genius, it would take him less than a minute to figure out what was happening to him, so he just pushed it away. He just really wanted to pretend for a little while longer that everything was normal; that he didn’t skip more meals than attend, that his nightmares weren’t becoming more frequent and his panic attacks weren’t getting worse, that he wasn’t always on the edge of a breakdown and that he wasn’t just holding everything together with much coffee and willpower made out of steel.
Yeah, if people could stop calling him that it’d be great. It still gave him a mini heart attack every time. That and the taste of
In his defense he had called it. He’d dropped the ball. It was what he had said. That he’d do it that spectacularly, though, was something he hadn’t quite foreseen. He should have, though.
He ended up under the head piece of the machine not even 15 minutes after that, just pressing okay on the next request, not looking into it. He needed something to distract him from the ever present thought of his mother. It didn’t seem to leave him. He needed something else to focus on than sadness.
He sighed deeply and went upstairs to get coffee and maybe a fruit bar to avoid blacking out again. He wanted to eat more than that but at the same time he really didn’t, so all that was left was an itch inside, leaving him unsatisfied with everything he did and he never wanted to turn all his emotions off as badly as he did now.
interested in him, not enough anyway, message received and understood. They had had a great time together; Tony’d felt more loved than ever before and he had actually let Steve in. And that was the point right there. Tony had
“No?” He tried and then looked at her face again to see if he hit the mark. Upon seeing the same patient expression, “Yes?” He ventured.
”Did you wear a blue tux to our wedding?” Tony asked casually at the breakfast table, watching Steve cutting the crust off Peter’s PB&J.
Tony pulled his shoulders up and tried to cringe away from the sound of the child on his chest, who immediately began to
eyes lit up with excitement and he shuffled a bit on Roger’s lap, to get a better look of Tony. ”Then you can read to me again! Papa and Uncle Bucky don’t get the dinosaur voices right.”
”Our — ?” He asked, about ready to end this conversation and send this guy together with the child on their merry way home.
Steve’s mouth opened in shock and stayed that way for a few seconds, looking at Tony like he had just tried to explain String Theory to him in Russian.
I hope you have a great day!! (It had like 37 degrees in Germany a few days ago and I have no recovered from it, so I hope you had better summer experiences than me, dying in the sun)
His hand began to shake even more when the food was 3 inches away from his mouth, his whole body was shivering too badly to blame the cold and Tony couldn’t help but clenched his teeth together so harshly that his jaw made a cracking sound. Come
. He had never wasted a second thought about his bed room, he had given some architect a shit ton of money to make her take care of that and then never even looked at anything in the room twice.
Steve had his hands on his belt buckle again, towering Tony by a few inches, still having this incredulous look on his face. ”So you do remember your father and you still have no desire to be better than that?”
”You won’t see him less, Munchkin. Not really. He will still be here, but he needs to figure his head out.”
Tony thought he’d break his neck by shaking his head as hard as he was. Both Rogers and the child didn’t see it though.
Tony shrugged and focused back on the blue wires in front of him. He grew up like that, he didn’t feel sad about that. In fact, he didn’t feel anything at all, so there’s that.
”Well, before you give me any details I don’t want to know,” Bucky answered, also watching Steve’s blush amused, ”I’ll head home. Peter is pretty exhausted but he didn’t eat dinner yet. I brought little dinosaur shaped chicken nuggets for him, that
Tony clenched his glass-free hand into a fist and exhaled sharply. He would not care, just like Rogers wouldn’t. They’ve been over for
He looked completely terrified, horrified to the core and Tony really didn’t know what caused that. What ever Rogers was thinking about just now must scare him deeply.
Rogers had an incredulous expression as if he couldn’t believe how stupid Tony’s statement just was. ”You can’t just stop being a father,” he stated, disbelieving that he actually had to say that out loud.
about it. He was 47, not an insecure teenager who wants to fulfill the world’s ridiculous body expectations. He was 47 years old, billionaire, superhero, and a genius.
Once Tony was alone again he closed his eyes and tried to make out how good his chances would be to just walk out of here. He could Jarvis to not tell Bruce, but he didn’t trust himself to have enough energy to even
Tony has never been more disgusted with himself as when those thoughts had passed and all he saw was Steve’s painfully honest face.
Before either of them could say anything, though, Peter came running from his room, jumping on Tony’s lap.
Tony debated for a second if he should just drop a frying pan or something, but then he shook his head about himself.
Tony could hear a faint ”Well, Pete, your Papa is the bad guy. He says no to a dog,” over the phone and then Steve sigh.
Tony looked at Steve with his mouth gaping open. He had never felt so strongly positive because another human’s words. It was nearly as if he could feel
It meant having your father shout at you for no reason, none you could grasp anyway. Having him hitting you because
Tony nodded, walking past Rogers to the door, thinking of taking his bag himself, but then deciding against it. It would be ridiculous, he could barely move in a straight line much less carry a heavy bag. So he just walked in front of Rogers, always faster, not to walk by his side. He didn’t have a reason as to why it felt like the right thing to do, to not walk by his side. Maybe because it was so perfectly metaphorical. He wasn’t by Rogers’s side anymore, he didn’t want to be.
Peter didn’t answer, just grasping the shirt of his father, keeping it in his fists, crying in his shoulder.
He had never actually seen an adult with one of his prosthetics as it was a fairly new project. It had worked well on children so Stark Industries began to build some for everybody. He felt happy about that too, now. The man had his left hand wrapped around a cup of coffee, so it seemed to work just fine.
He just wasn’t the man who had laid on the couch with Steve, going over cake toppers. He wasn’t. But he didn’t know what he was either.
that he hadn’t done enough to show Steve that he meant it. The list went on and he felt weaker with every second. He had never in is life felt this much pain before.
He must have fallen asleep over the plans for the new arrows, because the next thing he knows is that he was being shaken awake by familiar hands on his shoulders.
Tony didn’t know if it was his own voice, it sounded too far away for it to be. He choked on another breath, trying to find something in his vision that wasn’t blurred around the edges but came up empty.
Tony spent the rest of the morning trying to ignore an aching head, till the door opened slowly and Rogers walked in. Talking about sleeping badly, the man looked like he hadn’t gotten more than maybe 2 hours of sleep himself.
reigned over him, so strong that it brought him to his knees. Then he saw it clearly. He needed Steve. He wanted him by his side forever. He wanted to wake up to his blue eyes and then walk around in his shirt that was too wide for him and then laugh with him about stupid things all days long.
”Tony, I —,” Steve paused, obviously having no idea what he could answer to that and Tony understood that. He didn’t expect an answer to begin with, he just needed to get that out there.
”I should send my husband a getting laid text?” Tony asked incredulous, ignoring that he could also just tell Steve that he hadn’t planned on hooking up with anyone anyway. If Steve wanted to think of him as some kind of cheating asshole, yeah okay. People had assumed worse things about him over the years.
He didn’t even have an excuse. He had fucked it up and there were no words to say to make it better.
”I’m finished!” Peter whined, pointing at the dishwasher and then ran back to Tony pulling his sleeve again. ”Come on, Daddy, hurry.”
Tony sighed, downed his whole cup of coffee and placed it on the counter loudly. If his silence was the reason for Steve looking like that then he could fix it.
Tony couldn’t help himself but picture Roger’s disappointed face. How Steve would furrow his eyebrows and clench his jaw, while his whole charisma screamed 'Why would you do that' and Tony would —
Until he remembered who he had been before he hadn’t been himself. Until he knew again who he was without the help of Steve Rogers.
Tony was not his husband anymore. He had said it himself, he wasn’t, not in any way that mattered. He was a stranger wearing his husband’s face, as if he had any right to.
”Well, I certainly know that this hurt.” He sounded a little like a pouting child and he knew that, but he also knew that it felt like all the negative, faded emotions came back at once. He feared to lose Steve so badly, it nearly brought him to his knees. And he was sad, so
SR only raised an eyebrow, never stopping to turn his ring on his finger. It made Tony uncomfortable. This ring meant that they had a past. That they were supposed to have a future. That there was an impression of Tony in his man’s head; an impression that was worth marrying and raising a child with. And Tony had no idea what this impression was. He didn’t know how this man remembered him, because he didn’t even know himself right now. He had no idea who he was supposed to be.
So when he blacked out because he didn’t eat nor really drink anything and not because he didn’t sleep he decided that he needed to do anything. He didn’t really care before that; he didn’t eat as much anymore, no big deal? This way he could spend more time on updates for Bucky’s new arm and Steve’s shield.
While he read his way into the schematics of the toy spider, though, his mind always wandered back to the one thing he knew. The one memory he had gotten back.
It was Bucky who opened the door for him. He didn’t smile this time but he didn’t look any with Tony either, he just looked tired too.
She sounded as neutral as always, eyeing him suspiciously, while he clenched his hands so tight that his fingernails dug their way into his palm. He tried to look her into the eyes, an easy lie on his lips but he
Why did everyone think that this child needed him around, all he did was break everything he touched.
The man then turned around, walking down the hallway. ”Petey, come on, we’ll have a fun day! We can go to the animal shelter and pet the doggies.”
Tony just put his hands back on both of Steve’s cheeks and kept the eye contact, the first real smile in months playing around his lips.
There was only so much he could do. He tried to take Steve out, but also give him space. Watch movies with him and actually listening with interested to whatever he had to say. And then Steve looked up at him and laughed as bright as the damn moon and Tony just knew he was gone. He didn’t know how it was possible, he knew that it
And yeah, SR might not deserve that, but he was the one playing with a ring with Tony’s name on it, but not Tony’s consent to do so. He didn’t want to be
He didn’t answer, just watched how the silence stretched through the room more and more, till Rogers’ straight posture sunk as his shoulders dropped.
at himself in the mirror opposite to him, before he could stop himself. It was just so ridiculous, come on, e
The silence spread out all around him, making it dark and ugly. He could taste his fear in the back of his mouth.
Tony added 'Too Easy For Others To Read' to things he hated about himself. He was new to the emotion thing, but he thought that he got better with hiding what he felt. Apparently not. But then he closed his eyes, took a deep breath and lets his expression shift and he smiles, like he did for the cameras, like his father had always told him to. And whatever misery he had been feeling was pushed down, as it had never even been there in the  first place.
He really wished this thought wouldn’t have the impact it did on him. He didn’t want to have anything to prove but right now, he was sure he had to.
Steve had always looked at him questionably when he had so much as even looked in the direction of the door. As if he was about to ask Tony if he needed company out there. If they wanted to go out together as family.
He felt like he was a prisoner here. People had expectations and there was always somebody around. The only time he really was alone, was when he was in his room.
Tony was about 110% done with Rogers’s lost puppy look, so he sighed and spun around to face him. ”What?”
Steve laughed in a sad manner and shook his head, he seemed to be so tired of fighting a war with himself.
Steve flexed his jaw and then nodded, his expression not slipping once. ”Down the hall, third door on your left.”
Food has never been his problem. A main topic in his life, yes, but never a problem. He used to do so well, really. Food was his anchor, his safe spot, but in a healthy way. The thing he had control over, when he had nothing.
When he came home later, he was not at all surprised to see Steve sitting at the kitchen table, his head on his arms and apparently fast asleep.
. See where I am going with this? Some guy has car trouble and pumped all his anger right though my program into my brain and the next 12 hours? Everything I do, I do angry. See how easy it is to change who I am?”
“I can see things. Stuff that I can’t put together. I can’t tell if it’s real or not, but it feels like it. So I’ll
So yeah, he probably shouldn’t still have feelings for Steve now that he had the proof that it wasn’t requited, but he couldn’t help himself. Yet another thing Steve didn’t need to know.
The ring felt warm in his hand. Little and smooth, but when he looked closely he could see little scratches on it. He must have always been wearing it, without even so much as taking it off to work in the lab. Strange thought. Him being so gone for a person that he’d wear a reminder of that forever.
Yeah, that sounded more like him than anything else he had seen of his 'present' life in the past few days.
“Why did you do it?” Tony burst out. He immediately tried to finally get a hold of that grip he’d wanted to get when he saw Bucky in the door frame.
Rogers just nodded as answer, huffing slightly. Sad expression on his face as if it was the only look he knew.
shield, finding its way into my chest and I just can’t shake it off. I am falling, Steve, and there is nothing to catch me.”
How he actually fell into a relationship with Steve was a mystery to him, but he could feel the warm happiness bobble inside of him whenever he thought about it.
He got along quite well with Clint, their constant teasing just never wore off and it was nearly as if their ‘war' had never happened. Their jokes came easy and naturally. Tony grew more and more confident and less threatened around him.
“You look really sick. You sure you’re alright?” Clint asked first thing after a few seconds of uncomfortable silence in which Tony just leaned against the counter and was quiet.
“My love for you is the only thing that I know for certain is real right now,” he whispered softly, not quite meeting Steve’s eyes anymore; hoping that this whole scene was real. Hoping that he wouldn’t wake up in the trunk of his own mind again.
There was none of the usual sadness in Steve’s eyes anymore. Tony’d be proud that he finally did it, getting the sadness away, if the new expression didn’t feel like it was slowly peeling his skin off of his bones.
Steve reached across the table, lying his hand on Tony’s forearm, for the first time his sad expression had a hint of relief in it. It could be happiness, but there was this knit in his eyebrows, that Tony knew to read as the devastation that it was.
Before he could open any files, though, his hand hovered over the google icon. He actually was curious about his life. There must be a shit ton of articles about how he changed from a playboy to a family man. So much history in that.
Tony woke up with another silent cry dying on his lips. He was breathing roughly, felt as if there wasn’t enough oxygen on this earth to ever fill his lungs again.
This was not okay, so absolutely not okay, and nor was the little warm feeling inside of him, as if he didn’t know that he craved for that man’s touch. He couldn’t even fall
And just like he had predicted, he didn’t feel any better. He just felt way worse. He couldn’t even feel his headache; he just felt unbelievably numb and there was nothing that could pull him out of this.
He didn’t want to analyse the fact that it was totally because he had hated himself for anything he did, before. But now he had a purpose. He had plans about doing good things. And he was insulted when people thought he was the biggest asshole on earth.
He didn’t shake Steve’s hand off, it felt heavy and warm and gave Tony a thing to hold onto that he needed so much right now.
Tony looked at Steve like he saw him the first time. He had his determined expression back in place, breathing heavily, while looking down at Tony with an expression saying that he did not come here for a fight, but he would fight till the end.
Tony whips around in his seat and just stared at Rogers, who shook his head and turned the key to start the car.
”Not even I am that much of a dick,” Tony bit out, seeing Steve flinching around his face, as if he had actually a much poorer reaction to Tony’s answer and tried to contain it.
They had never been an obvious match. Not by any stretch of the imagination. This whole thing had been a big stroke of luck and Tony knew better than to believe in that.
Tony didn’t think he’d ever experience it, but now that he had, he could solemnly say that waking up from a coma sucked. You don’t open your eyes, see the sun light and then just look to your right and see your loved ones all on plastic chairs and then ask 'What happened?'.
For the first time in forever, Tony didn’t know what to say. Because yeah, that was the truth. He himself was surprised that he was still alive, to be honest. But he didn't think that Clint cared so much, it’s
When he looked back up to Rogers from where he had shortly broken the eye contact and stared at the hardwood floors, he could see it all. He didn’t know what he was feeling when he watched seemingly all his maybe-soon-anger drop out of Rogers, when the sadness took over his whole body again. Sadness sprinkled with resignation. But he had this faint look in his eyes, this strange determination that showed Tony that whatever he was about to say took a lot of courage.
“I don’t know, Tony, that’s what I’m asking you.” Steve moved a bit closer to him, towering over him both like a warning and a defense mechanism at the same time.
He couldn’t stop, and if he was the only person going down in this storm then was that something he could very well excuse.
The next time he faced all the Avengers again was the morning after his 5 hours forced nap, when he stumbled into the kitchen and right into their team breakfast, a thing they did quite often and Tony just attended once or twice a week max. He didn’t need to sit at a table, chewing food with all of them, as if that would magically fix all his problems, but he had to from time to time, if only to keep them off his case.
He hummed making breakfast that morning. Rhodey looked at him with suspicion, his eyes clenched together.
That was the last thing Tony heard from him for that night and yeah, it was about all he could take anyway.
Rhodes turned to him and shook his head, looking in no way surprised. “Just stick to the cards, man.”
Steve scoffed silently and then shook his head, his eyebrows pulled together in disappointment. "You don’t seem too sure about that one.”
Steve smiled again and then carefully laid one hand over Tony’s on his shoulder. Tony didn’t flinch back from the touch, not knowing why and not caring either.
”But you said breakfast together is important,” the kid pouted and Tony laid his head back, sighing loudly.
“It had told you, I saw it,” Tony all but shouted out, losing his patience and also still feeling like he lost his mind. Couldn’t anybody be just open and honest with him, just once. “It told you that I loved you.”
Just - Tony,” he didn't bother to turn around to face Steven; he threw one glance over his shoulder and then focused on the elevator doors that slid open and promised the privacy he craved, ”Don’t starve yourself in my name.”
”Yes!” The kid exclaimed, before pushing himself up to sit next to Tony on the couch, rolling his red car around on it, seemingly elsewhere with his head, making soft car sounds.
”We’ll make it in cool colors!” He babbled away, while Tony tried to keep up with him. ”Red, maybe. How awesome would that be?”
”Buy my son a dog and see what happens,” Steve deadpanned, leaning against the kitchen counter. He shot Tony a smile for no reason, that made Tony feel way warmer than it had any right to.
“You’re acting off.” There was no questions and seriously there wouldn’t have been an answer. Yeah, he might have tried his best to hide that. Even though everybody else seemed to have forgotten about how he was possessed not that long ago, because he didn’t.
Let’s face it, he’d never stood a chance in hell anyway, and that Steve would team up with Bucky, even though he’d been together with Tony for years, shouldn’t have been a surprise. And it wasn’t really. Everybody eventually turned on him.
if I have my doubts of a man who was only able to feel sadness and misery and one bit of happiness in the past year and a half can just
Before he could spiral some more, he jumped off of his bed, grabbing his jacket and rushed to the elevator.
Bucky didn’t sound rude or harsh, more like he just wanted to protect his best friend without causing further damage. Joke’s on him though, Tony doubted that anything could make him feel worse than he had those past few weeks.
Disappointed with a hint pity, as if he was really sad but not surprised to see Tony that way. And maybe, just maybe, was it exactly that little bit of pity, that made Tony hate to just look at alcohol.
He was ready to try and for that he actually needed to do more than just cuddle. He guessed. He had no idea what the hell he was doing.
Secondly, he knew that he shouldn’t be around kids. He’d fuck them up. He wasn’t good influence, he didn’t know how to be a father. He couldn’t let himself be close to this child. He didn’t know how anybody even ever decided that he’d be fitting as a father and gave him a child, be he knew they were wrong.
He had Sam’s new wings finished before the first evening and updated those within the next 5 hours a total of 7 times.
And that had seemed to be it. One year, he thought he had time. But, in the end, everything just runs past you.
When Howard yelled at him again, pushed him around like he was just a little inconvenience in his perfect life; when reporter followed him everywhere he went, taking pictures of him doing what every teen does and than obsessively trying to use it against his perfect-son image; when he got pushed around by the people in his school, who were way older than him and so much stronger; he had food. It was his.
It had felt like memory coming back to him and it was awful. It hurt. Tony sat up and stretched his head, how could Natasha even still look at him? It was he who has told her that, who asked her about the one thing that he
In retrospect, Tony guessed that the most scary part about it was how long it actually took the others to figure out that he wasn’t him. Then again he’d watched the footage. The one hour that the others hadn’t deleted of the time he was
When he came down to his workshop, he threw the vegetable soup Bruce made him away. He’d promised his friend that he’d try and eat it, that he’d give his best to do better, because he hated that he'd worried him so badly, but there was no way he could eat that now.
But Steve didn’t need to know that. If he could stop Steve from looking this crushed by pretending he was A-okay, than so be it.
Tony huffed again, not knowing why he felt so insulted by those words. Maybe because he had subconsciously always thought that he already was better than that, but never thinking about why. This put him on the spot. But the last thing Tony would consider doing right now was agreeing with Rogers. ”Dear,” he answered instead awfully sweet, hiding that the words had hit him like a sucker punch. ”I have literally no idea who you are.”
”No, it’s — I don’t,” Steve paused. The silence was weighed down with every minute they’ve spent as a team, as friends
Tony was about to just yell at him that he was mistaken if he really thought Tony would pull something like that.
He needed air, the walls were so close from a second to the next, capturing him. He felt if he didn’t run now, he’d never get the chance again.
Steve crossed his arms over his chest and pulled his eyebrows down. ”No, we’ll practice your reading before dinner, that was the deal. You can play with Daddy later.”
”But —”, the kid cut himself off and then leaned back against his father, looking annoyed but not ready to start an argument. Tony was glad about that. He really didn’t need to see a Father — Son argument right now.
He got up unsteadily and found his way upstairs to go grab a shower. On the sofa in the common area sat Steve with a little notebook on his lap. He looked at Tony just like Tony thought he would.
. He was the boy’s father. He could take him away and finally give Tony the silence he graved ever since waking up. ”Daddy is awake! Look, he woke up!”
He might come back to the google thing but first he had to figure out, what he knew about who he was right now.
Rogers stood around in the middle of the room, looking around as if he’d never seen it before in his life.
When Steve walked out of the door he didn’t look like he was on his way to win a war anymore. He looked more like he was in the middle of a
Steve let him down on his bed, standing by the foot of the bed a bit longer, looking down at Tony. He looks back at Steve, who is obviously pretending not to be worried.
Tony shook his head, still just staring at Steve. He just got ripped from his thoughts when Peter pulled on his sleeve, pointing to his picture. He was searching the 17 now. Before Tony could point it out, though, Steve ruffled Peter’s hair, ”Don’t cheat, Pete. You know what comes after 16.”
Tony suppressed that thought immediately, this was nothing he should think of again, ever. This whole thing was over and finished. Steve was
Tony looked up from his books and turned his head to face Rhodey, who was lying on the couch, legs hanging lazily over the edge.
Which was probably also why he hadn’t checked with Jarvis if somebody was awake at 5 am when he went to get coffee.
But it was okay. When he ignored the first few awkward weeks in which they just kind of co - existed and Tony put all his energy into avoiding them all like the plague. Eventually, the tension slowly slipped away and they came back to a rhythm.
And hell, yeah Tony knew. Steve felt guilty for the nightmares and thought that the best option would be to bring a bit of distance between the two of them. Tony couldn’t suppress a sigh. This was not what he wanted to achieve. And also, just as an aside, the action was worthless. It didn’t matter where Steve was, Tony couldn’t shake the pain of the shield hitting his chest, ghosting over his whole body. It didn’t matter if Steve stood right in front of him or visited Mars, the feeling was always there.
Right now, he didn’t want to be his old self, but he didn’t know how to be his new self, either. His Dad used to tell him that Stark men were made of iron, but now he felt like many different things stitched together.
He had the same little dimples as the boy, Tony realized, just a bit deeper. He also had the same excited expression, which didn’t have to be genetic but was still freaking Tony out.
close to it. He banged the door open without knocking, wanting to be over and done with it before the hopefulness faded away.
Sam was about to get up from his chair, presumably to walk around the bar towards Tony, but the shorter one stopped him with a cocky hand motion.
Even Tony couldn’t bite back the grin that broke his resting sarcastic, challenging mask; while Clint had to hold onto the table, trying to get some air in his lungs between his loud, breathless laughter.
Clint handed him the coffee pot, before Tony could even do as much as open his mouth, which caused him to nearly propose to the archer on the spot.
“Mr. Stark,” Steve said, extending his hand, which looked clean, but Tony still wrinkled his nose. He took it anyway.
He actually needed Jarvis to tell him over and over again. Every little information was so important, every little fact had to be memorized but still there seemed to be no way for Tony to grasp all the info. It just seemed to be the first thing Tony couldn’t get into his head no matter how hard he tried.
He spun around in his chair and rolled next to Peter, who looked up with him like he had just performed a miracle.
This was something he was good at. Tony knew his way around the workshop, he knew how to deal with machinery and such.
The whole deal with Natasha was so distant, since he couldn’t really tell on what terms they were at the moment, since she did help him but then didn’t and —. It was really complicated and messy and they never really talked about it, so they just haven’t really talked ever since. And he surely won’t be the one to make the first step so that’s that.
“Listen carefully now, Wilson, because there’s something that somehow escaped your understanding and I really need to clear this up for you. If I eat one apple a day or a whole apple
Tony shook his head, closing his eyes and put all of his past thoughts in a box labeled 'Never ever open again ever'.
”In my defense, I’m actually only half way kidding,” Steve said teasingly. Tony could not express how surprised he was. ”Last time you had questions, you asked me to show you my magic dick.”
Tony settled with his side against the backrest, never stopping facing Steve. ”Okay,” he cleared his throat, ”Okay.”
”I’m not surprised.” Tony took the offered blue car and took a closer look at it. It looked like a damn mini van.
The only other person, who came to him - one time - was Rhodey, sitting in a wheelchair looking him disapprovingly up and down before making a teasing comment about them being hospital buddies and laughed with Tony together. It was so relaxing to finally laugh a bit again, to know that Rhodes
Tony was really glad that he had sworn off the habit to blush. He had cried when he found out that he’d get a child? Yeah, no, thanks.
“Yeah,” he says, his gaze slightly past Steve, “I don’t think either one of us believes that anymore.”
Tony left the statement unanswered, not quite believing that somehow, some time there had been a version of him, who put child safety seats in his cars, calculated to always be able to have a good view on a child.
He might have forgotten about it and his family all together but it was what had come back before he even got his first memory back.
Hell, there was a time, when the only thing that could possibly keep him alive could also kill him at any given moment; but looking at Steve was far worse than any of that.
He just couldn’t prove it. But Steve had believed him all this time, couldn’t he have trust in Tony one more time? Just this once Tony wished that he had been faster to find proof that the world had declared as
Steve smiled wistfully, looking down at the wedding band that was still on his ring finger. Tony hadn’t even realized that he’d never taken it off but it made sense.
But he felt okay. Like he had all the time on earth to find the proof he needed so badly. Sadly the world never did wait for someone and so he found himself standing opposite of Steve who looked
“Good morning, Sunshine.” Tony leaned on the counter next to him, avoiding to step into Lucky’s drool puddle.“How was the morning run?”
”You know, when you look at me like that, it’s as if you are back to normal,” Bucky just replied easily, locking his phone.
And for a few seconds he was under water again, he forgot how to breath, all the air got pressed out of his lungs and he had the urge to lay his hands over the arc reactor — which he forgot wasn’t in his chest anymore — to not give Steve any chance to take this as well. And that might be the most hurtful thing of it all, Tony was really convinced that Steve was capable of doing so. Steve made Tony feel the urge to protect something that wasn’t there, but was considered as his greatest weakness, so Steve couldn’t take that from him too. Tony swallowed dryly and focused on Steve’s nose instead of his eyes. Nobody could tell a difference, but it was easier for Tony this way. It never hurt that much to look in somebody’s eyes before.
As answer, though, he opened his arms wide in question. ”Congratulations! What am I supposed to do with that?”
It was midnight , when he passed out in the middle of his thoughts, out of pure exhaustion. The last thing on his mind was the realization that he had stopped calling Steve  'Rogers', in his head at least, and he couldn’t even say why. It felt oddly intimate. It also felt oddly right, but he didn’t want to overthink that.
Steve stumbled a step back and stared at Tony as if he had just realized something. Tony would’ve given about anything in that moment to know what was going on in his head.
”That’s great!” Steve exclaimed, nodding. ”It was a bit of a train-wreck of a first meeting, but I’m glad about it every day.”
Rogers had this little smile again, definitely remembering back to something that made him happy. Then the moment was gone and he looked sad again, probably realizing that this memory wasn’t worth much since the only other person who should remember it too, didn’t anymore.
love all of the sudden. I would love to believe that, Tony, I really would. But does this sound right to you?”
He hadn’t thought this through, all he knew was that he needed somebody to be straight with him. The rest just ignored what had happened but he was losing his grip on reality. He needed somebody to be honest, to tell him who he hurt, maybe not physically but emotionally.
Peter looked from his father over to Tony, who had just discovered his finger nails as the most interesting thing in the world. He looked up in time though, to throw a raised eyebrow in the kid’s direction.
Steve’s voice sounded oddly heavy with emotions when he answered. ”You two enjoyed to built things together. Like little robots, which I won’t even try to understand the schematics of.”
“No, seriously. How do you know?” Tony raised one eyebrow, knowing it would annoy Steve. He had called it Tony’s
Sam clicked his tongue and then had the decency to wink at him, making a thrusting motion with a way too loud and teasing groan.
He’d be the first one to admit that he was an asshole. Yeah, his first step had been to be downright rude to everybody, but Jesus.
But then Tony remembered the bright smile the man had shot his way when he had first woken up. A smile so bright, Tony couldn’t even picture it on Rogers anymore. He had this sadness to him now, that any smile would look out of place. Tony would find the thought sad, but he really couldn’t deal with someone else’s misery in addition to his own now, too.
Rogers just looked resigned as if he already knew that Tony would answer that. Tony felt like the man gave him the urge to roll his eyes more often than any other human being.
I finally graduated and now have a lot more time to write thus here I am with a new chapter. I also finally found a Beta reader, so suggest thanks to you <3
Even less so since there wasn’t a logical way to think all of this through. There was no explanation for any of that. It seemed made up because why? Why would the demon chose to possess him to torture others? Because that had been exactly what was happening?
Tony took a deep breath and looked around himself. He was lying on the couch now, his head still aching.
being tortured in a cage and flying into a wormhole and then falling back to earth caused a hell of a lot nightmares but they all faded away after what had happened, “I can feel it. Every time I close my eyes I can feel the shield,
Bottom-line in any case, he couldn’t let anyone come too close to him. Any of his relationships was doomed to fail, exhibit A was this whole thing right here.
He came up empty. Not only ring and child wise, but completely. He couldn’t recall if he had even gone home with anyone. The last thing he could remember was Rhodey picking him up the morning after a party. But he wasn’t at Rhodey’s either, that much he was sure of. And Rhodey also didn’t have a child, or he had a lot of explaining to do.
Steve turned to walk out of the door after a few seconds of silence, looking as if he had expected it.
Steve nodded at him, obviously understanding the silent request to leave the workshop. He left looking more lost then ever. But everything Tony could think of was the fact that Steve didn’t deny that he deserved better all long.
Steve raised an eyebrow, unconvinced, causally leaning back against the counter and crossed his arms.
Tony locked the doors of the workshop quicker than ever before; he needed to get his hands on something to work on
do it right. It had always been this way and probably will aways stay that way, too. He wished he could do better, he really did, but what did it help.
Also also: my busy ass still sits down like every night after studying and work (hi hello I hate life) to write and anyhow, my angsty brain thought of these two things: "Tony can hear the true answer to any lie he's been told and is now terrified to hear Steve tell him that he loves him because he would hear that it isn't true" and also "trauma causes actual damage to ones heart - let's rewrite the story of the arc reactor" and lemme tell you. I thought it is a great thing to put these two together so :) Get ready for Angst ™ (with happy ending cause what else)
He just needed to convince himself some more that he actually really didn’t want to talk to Steve about it, because right now everything in him yelled to just go and talk, but he couldn’t.
Deep down Tony knew that this was bullshit, that they would listen and try to help, but for him it was just yet another weakness. Another thing that made him vulnerable. His bones were probably as easy to break as a dry stick.
Tony held the plate in Bucky’s direction and grinned hopefully, thanking Rhodey again for giving that to him.
Peter, though, didn’t look at him. He looked at his legs and then got up, running out of the workshop, sobbing.
Tony screwed up his nose, not knowing where to begin. Then he closed his eyes, took a deep breath and began to type.
Tony tried to hold on to the warmth in Steve’s voice, something that has always given him more comfort than he was willing to admit. He nodded again, even though he wanted to yell. Wanted to tell Steve that the last thing he needed was sleep, because he couldn’t remember the last time when sleep had actually brought him peace.
Tony tried to open his eyes and immediately gave up, finding them sticking together and not a drop of strength in him to fight it.
Peter rolled his eyes before turning to his father, groaning. ”But I don’t want to read, I want to play with Daddy!”
Steve continued, though, without letting Tony answer. ”So I can’t keep you from leaving. But please remember that this is your home. You worked hard for this. Don’t do that to Peter.”
Tony swore he could feel his eyes pop out of his head. Then though he just settled for another heavy sigh as answer. "Of course I did. Kid, husband, white picket fence, no drinking. Is there anything fun I didn’t give up?”
He was really certain that Steve loved him. But not him. It was fairly obvious that Steve was a loyal and honest man, he wouldn’t leave his husband that quickly.
He didn’t pay much attention to anything for the next day. He was comfortable in his workshop, drinking a green smoothie to get his blood running and to hone his focus on new wings for Wilson, until every wire looked the same and his eyes weren’t able to really focus anymore.
“You’re not here to get my arm, right?” The man prompted and looked down on Tony like he was the biggest idiot he has ever seen, but still nice and warm. How ever that was possible was a big question mark to Tony. Then again, he just lost his shit about being happy, so there’s that.
He needed to be careful. Natasha was the only person who hadn’t brought his weight up — except Steve and Bucky — and he needed to keep it that way. But he was already knee deep in a panic attack, couldn’t even make himself come up with an excuse. Natasha might be the only one who yet had to address this whole thing, but she was also the only person who had been eying him suspiciously for months now.
Once Tony had recovered from a coughing fit that definitely saved his life, he looked at Bucky annoyed.
The point’s never been whether the shield landed in his head or in the reactor. Even that was something the team discussed about now. The point was that he could care less what Steve did and didn’t do, that the fight had
“You ever thought how weird reactions to emotions are?” Tony asked to get the thought out of his head. Rhodey yawned and turned to face him. “Huh?”
He didn’t feel so forced to just magically be good at Dad stuff, because he was good at that. And Peter looked so happy, that for a second Tony really thought he could do it.
When Tony settled in his bed, he did something he had ignored like the plague since he came back, nearly forgetting about it, but now it felt like it was burning his chest.
Rogers sounded hopeless as if he was already readying himself to hear some sarcastic remark from Tony and yeah, that felt shitty, for no reason whatsoever.
The logical part of his brain knew that this wasn’t possible and he didn’t have to fear for the others to see the black hole inside of him, but he couldn’t shake the constant need to
The child had his eyebrows pulled together considerately, as if he was trying to find a flaw in the thing his father had just told him. He turned back to Rogers after a long minute of staring at Tony, making him feel uneasy.
He had been confused when he had come back. Confused and mean, but loving Peter? It was easy. He was his child.
I hope you also liked this chapter - I tried to make it less angsty but instead Dad!Tony fluff - I hope you enjoyed it
But he won’t have this forever. Because even when he knew he felt it, there was no way of making Steve believe it. But then again it was
Kids always sounded so pouty. Tony cringed once more. His mind was nothing but a blank. How the hell do you tell a kid that you would rather walk trough hell than read a nighty night story?
Rhodey sat up in a fast motion and turned to fix Tony with a serious glance, to which he just raised an eyebrow.
”Listen, dear, I have no idea what you want from me,” Tony bit out, trying to not feel threatened but failing. He was in some hospital, obviously injured and there was no one but a man and a kid. He tried to swallow his panic down, trying to tell himself that he was unreasonable, there was no need to be afraid right now.
Steve didn’t laugh this time, he just pulled the corners of his mouth up a little, looking nostalgic. ”If I said it was your idea, would you believe me?”
Yeah, no. He didn’t want to know about his past — future self and his beach afternoons with child and husband. He just wanted to throw a big
Tony didn’t know why the image of the sad man didn’t want to leave his head for hours. It was weirdly attached to every thought he had. As if his body was telling him that sad Rogers was a bad thing as if he had the energy to give a fuck.
"I wasn’t planning to,” Steve murmured and rolled on to his back, looking and the ceiling with a little smile on his lips,"There is no need to fix something that isn’t broken, Tony.”
Tony rubbed over his goatee but before he could answer, Peter ran back into the kitchen in a little red rain coat and blue boots. ”Papa! Hurry, we want to count the doggies!”
He just ruffled his blond hair then and looked at Tony with that tired sad look he always seemed to have going on. It was so weird to also see faint wrinkles around his mouth and eyes. Picturing Rogers laugh so often, that his face wrinkled up? He couldn’t. Rogers looked like one of those people who were just doomed to be sad, but maybe he wasn’t. Maybe he had been really happy before it all. It was more than possible, judging everything.
Steve might have given him up just like that but that didn’t mean that Tony’s feelings for him just ended. Admittedly they should’ve died, but his relationship with Steve had been by far his most precious thing. He really did try, okay.
Steve’s mouth fell open in shock, and he took a step back, as if to prove a point to Tony. ”Of course not!”
know what you’re missing. Other people can make you miss it, though. If you never knew that the sky was blue, you’d never assume it was, ergo you wouldn’t try and change anything.
For a tiny second he wished that he could just make it stop. Press a button and transmit all those information bits out of his brain God knows where. That would be selfish, though. Now that he knew how much all those people suffered, how could he let that happen?
Tony didn’t really know how to act now. Being halfway his playboy self, but also totally not and with the few bits and pieces he had gotten back, he didn’t know anything anymore.
Tony was about to walk out of the kitchen and find the most quiet place in this whole damn tower so that he could freak out in panic, pity himself, plan how to get out of this situation. It seemed pretty impossible, since well he was legally married and also a
”Yeah,” he said lamely, shooting Steve a grin that had no specific meaning behind it, but Steve nodded as if it had. ”I’ll just —,” Tony pointed with his thumb in the direction of his bedroom. ”Good night.”
Steve looked at Bucky, who sighed and pulled Steve into a tight hug. ”Everything will be okay, Stevie, you hear me? It’s a good sign. I’ll take Petey to eat ice cream and tell him the best ways to annoy you, yes?”
Afterwards he took the chain with the dog tags off, holding the metal in his open palm. It was slightly warm from his body head. He thought about just laying them on the nightstand but he’d probably forget them in the morning.
He was never encountered with so many people before and then he saw boys getting into fights over basketball and girls crying over said boys and for one tiny second he thought that he could hate that. It was the closest he has ever been to feeling something. He was still drunk when he walked into class the next morning.
Steve looked at him, as if he didn’t know, didn’t understand that Tony would move the stars for him, should he ask.
. Rhodey was easy company. Having his back for sure, didn’t complain about Tony bringing people with him; but always looking with something like — like
He needed to get the machine up and running again, because he cannot go on like that. He can’t only feel sadness and nothing else, he was
Tony sighed and went to grab his tablet. For a second his hand hovered over the safari icon again, thinking about just googling himself and learn about everything he had been missing. Then he went and opened notes instead.
problem, it was certainly a mistake. A big one, too. Because no matter what, in the end Tony would be miserable.
“No, no you don’t know,” Tony closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the back of the couch, “Don’t feel bad about it though, I don’t know myself either. Because the funny thing is,” he sounded much more sober now, for some reason he couldn’t pinpoint. It was as if him being resigned just took everything out of his system, “What makes you the man you are, huh?”
What if Steve expected more from him now? It wasn’t like he was cured or anything, he still was the exact same person he’d been before. He could feel some things and some just not and he doubted that it would change. He didn’t have any scientific explanation for how this whole love thing even happened yet, but he still was sure that this had been an 'one in never again’ kinda thing. Like he could
”Yes.” Peter’s eyes sparkled in a bright brown with excitement. He looked so much like himand Steve, Tony didn’t know how many times he had to realize that till it stopped shocking him.
He should have known, though, that his life just wasn’t that way. His life never made steps forward without throwing him back at least twice as many steps. Or sometimes even whole decades back.
His father had told him that more times than he cared to count, but right now he felt like he could downright laugh at that. Seems like Steve believed that, too. Tony used to think so. More in a not caring - okay whatever way, but those words had been burned inside his head from day one, as if it was the only thing that was certain in this universe.
When he got back into the big, silent house that night, it was cold and quiet, he felt no difference. When he found himself thinking, that
He wanted to beg them to just tell him the truth because Tony felt more and more as if he was losing his mind. It had felt so real, everything about his dream felt like he was reliving a moment of his life, and he just couldn’t make himself believe that it wasn’t real.
“I noticed,” he answered. Tony only stared down into his coffee cup as if it could give him the easy out he needed so badly.
Tony got the message that Rogers was trying to get across. Or maybe he wasn’t and he just assumed that people always had a subtext and hidden meaning to anything, because he had always had to deal with two faced people.
Well, forgetting his whole family was a sign that he didn’t deserve that, if he’d ever seen one. It was better to let that all go now, he obviously wasn’t destined to be happy and he has had all his life to accept that.
He just didn’t know if he should actually use google to find the answers for that. He knew the gossip pages, knew that most of what he’d find would turn out to be inaccurate. He leaned back with a sigh, before tapping the flies icon, planning to rather ask Steve about all these things. He didn’t really know how, but Tony knew that Steve would help him without hesitation.
Well, he had met Tony while he was still like that and hadn’t pulled the biggest U-Turn in his life. He had stayed.
Rogers’s shoulders fell a bit, as if he had been hoping to this point that Tony would deny that he didn’t care. Tony sure could’ve but why would he? He had too much to figure out, to also be able to make other people’s lives easier.
The constant heavy feeling everywhere in his body wouldn’t go away. Seeing Rhodes, the one friend he could always count on, working his ass off to walk again hurt so much, he couldn’t put it into words. Everything felt numb and cold, but also hurtful and he couldn’t think of anything that could make him feel better and less like a shell of himself.
Steve nodded once more, looking uncertain for a second before locking eyes with Tony once more, as if he was about to say something important, but then aborting last second. Tony wondered if that had been the first time that he had backed out of something. ”Good night, Tony.”
“It’s just —” Steve took a deep breath, his features still looked strong, his warrior expression always in place, “You mean the world to me, Tony. And I try to understand and I— I love to spend time with you and what we have is wonderful. It really is. But it’s — it’s hard to love somebody and never be loved back. And I tried to look past that because you seemed happy with us too, but it’s just not there, is it?”
Tony sputtered, stopped moving for a second, looking closely at Steve, trying to see if he was kidding. His expression was serious without any hint of amusement. Yeah, sounded about right.
He breathed in again and again, while holding heavy eye contact with Tony, who just raised an eyebrow at him. What was this guy’s deal?
”No, no, Peter,” Steve sounded more distressed than the kid, ”He loves you, okay, Daddy loves you very much. But he can’t remember that right now.”
Peter reached him, pulling on his pant leg, there was nearly no strength behind it, but Tony really thought for a second that it could throw him over. He caught himself before it could happen, though, trying to think of ways to treat a child. What was he supposed to say? What was he supposed to do?
Tony must’ve zoned out looking completely defeated, because Steve just sighed and stared at him with so much love and understanding. Tony wasn’t sure if he was able to handle the way Steve looked at him like he was the greatest thing since tabbed browsing.
Steve still looked a bit bewildered, before he exhaled a long breath and shot Tony a grateful, tired half smile. ”Thank you, Tony.”
He didn’t mean to make the child cry or anything. He just didn’t know what to do. He never asked for this, he didn’t want to be a father, he didn’t want the white picket fence life.
Tony shrugged, questionably. ”Her tears make my shirt all wet and cold,” he answered, hoping that he finally did what they wanted him to. His father did not look pleased.
“You may laugh now that I am more vulnerable okay but you also cannot love pancakes so who’s truly the loser.”
Tony wasn’t interested in that. He really didn’t care. He didn’t know why Rogers told him all that, since he hadn’t asked. But then something caught his interest against his intentions. ”Who did we fuck to get a child looking like
Like, look at him. His own fucking kid called him Daddy and he spent the rest of the day in his room, panicking.
Rogers shot him a disapproving glare again and Tony really had to say that he was getting used to get that look shot his way.
Rogers looked up from the chain and then nodded in Tony’s direction lightly, as if he had needed further proof that those tags did belong to him.
Tony didn’t believe that he would ever find a person he had trusted enough to tell them all about his father, but apparently he had.
there was a time when Tony had fit in there but now all he could do was enlighten fires that Rogers had to take care of later then.
”Daddy, we don’t stand up before everybody finished eating!” Peter exclaimed, pushing his spoon back in his bowl roughly, spilling milk over.
”Sorry that I wasn’t around today but the doctor said that you should have time to get to know your new home by yourself,” Steve held on to his belt buckle with both of his hands. It looked obscene, as if he was trying to lead Tony’s attention to his crotch, but without realizing it.
Also, Tony knew that. He knew the man’s damn name; he’s been carrying it around his neck, because he had insisted that Tony kept his damn dog tags.
What he did have, though, were little tells. It took Tony a while to figure them out for what they were but now he just saw Rogers clenching his hands to fist, blinking twice as often or sigh in a tired way and Tony could see that he was about to snap.
He didn’t want to be alone with SR. He didn’t even want to be near him. He was still convinced that this guy couldn’t be real.
Tony cringed but then tired to put on a smile, and turned to the kid, might as well play his role before he’d be the one who had to explain everything.
Sometimes, when he wasn’t panicking about this, he felt like he couldn’t thank his past self enough for the family he had gotten him.
”I am,” he noted that he sounded way more certain than he was. Also pissed off, keeping the mask on that he didn’t care even though he had the weird feeling that Steve wasn’t fooled by it anymore, or maybe never has been to begin with.
He couldn’t get those pieces together, disappointment, frustration and self hatred in his veins. And then he met Steve Rogers.
Rogers’s lips twisted in something that could be a smile if it wasn’t filled with so much pain. So, so much that Tony swore he could feel it, too.
“Exactly.” Tony was just really confused if he was being honest. The fast change of Steve’s posture making his head spin.
The doctor had told him that he had been in a car accident and seemed to have taken quite a hit. Tony only scoffed at the remark and kept starring blankly. Harwich also said that he could go home in the morning but needed to come for check ups every other day, to make sure his brain didn’t start bleeding.
He gathered all the willpower he had and smiled at Steve like he wasn’t falling apart, even more so than ever, since Siberia.
He only realized how much time had passed when he began yawning and looked up to see the elevator opening and Rogers stepping out. He had a streak of blue paint across his right cheek and the sleeping boy in his arms.
It was just like a flash, really. It was gone as fast as it came to him, but it was connected to so many emotions that he could barely make them all out. He was so overwhelmed that he dropped his fork, causing Steve to raise his head questionably at him.
He decided to try at least. Apparently there were people who actually believed that he was a good person, who could do good. And anyway he’d be either positively surprised or prove the others wrong, so what did he have to lose, really.
”Meh,” Tony answered, ready to get him to be angry. He didn’t really know why this was so important to him anymore but he felt like a prisoner in here. The walls were closing in and anywhere he tried to run were reminders that he had grown up. He was a different person now and he had to be that person again, from a second to the next. He couldn’t be. He was failing and it was about time that he wasn’t the only one who saw it. Or made it clear that they saw it. He was fucking it all up and was so sick of being the only person who’d admit it.
”Yeah, I just had a memory sneak up on me and knock me out,” Tony said, placing his glass on the table.
Rogers nodded and got up. He pressed one kiss to the top of his son’s head, who had closed this eyes, still having one of his hands in his Uncle’s hair, holding on to it.
Tony laid back down, sighing, tuning Peter’s pouting voice out, who was obviously not excited about leaving his Daddy after he had blacked out at the breakfast table. Tony only opened his eyes again, when he heard the door shut after them. Just in time to see Steve’s alarmed expression and then watch him run to his phone.
”Yeah, we might get a dog, depending on whether or not Peter sheds a few tears at the shelter,” Steve sighed resigned, looking like he was already trying different scenarios as to how to break it to Peter that they couldn’t keep a dog here in his head.
”And you are sure you are better now?” Steve asked, turning to put the dinosaurs into the oven. Tony was more proud than he should have been when he looked through that immediately. Steve was just trying to keep his hands busy, he was nervous and didn’t know what else he’d do, if his hands were free.
On the bottom of his 8th glass of scotch he only found the question if feeling sad all the time better than not feeling anything at all? He wised he had an answer to that. Because well, not feeling had
Nobody, not Howard, no bullies, and especially no reporters could tell him what to eat and when. Hell, they didn’t even think of it, which made it ever so easy for Tony to focus on his food intake rather than that he’s about to skip another grade, as if his fellow students weren’t already centuries older; or that his father was pressuring him with far too much work for a company for
Steve didn’t change his hopeless expression, but nodded slightly at Tony, as if he too just wanted to get everything to how it was before but couldn’t.
Steve kneeled down in front of his son, zipping his rain coat all the way up and then ruffled his hair. ”I’ll be with you in a sec, Pete. Want to wait by the door?”
By the morning he was certain that his new plan was a bad idea, maybe his worst idea yet, but hell, if it kept Steve off his back, then okay.
leaned closer to his father, holding his balance on one of his broad shoulders. ”Uncle Bucky is right outside of the door, with Uncle Sam. Can you stay with Bucky and tell Sam to get Uncle Rhoy to come in here, immediately, with a doctor?”
It took him a while to get down from that high, but when he finally did, he began to wonder. The happiness was still pooling inside of him, making him feel easy and light, throwing a shadow of all the darkness that had found it’s way deep inside of him all those months ago.
”But Uncle Bucky said I could go see Daddy!” The kid pouted, crossing his little arms over his chest. He really looked a lot like his father.
Steve nodded then, not looking one bit less sad. "If you go home with somebody, Tony, please be safe. You’re clean, don’t risk it.”
The scream that punched its way out of Tony got muffled by his violent sobs that shook through his body. Only one thing clear in his mind.
Rogers didn’t tease back, he just pulled his eyebrows together, as if Tony had lost his mind. Tony could barely stop himself from rolling his eyes. ”I would never.”
”Peter,” Steve said, but then only shrugging in the man’s direction helplessly, not knowing what to tell the kid. Well, Tony couldn’t help there either but he knew that he didn’t want to hug a child,
Tony couldn’t help but thinking that he might just be past his saving point. Maybe there just were some people who didn’t deserve any more chances. So the universe just watched him trying hopelessly to fix himself but failing, until he gave up and just did what Banner told him, feeling less and less like a person and more and more like a robot. So maybe these things people said about him, that he was just a machine, didn’t care for anything, yeah maybe those things were true after all. He was the walking image of a train wreck, ghosting around, keeping his mouth shut, overworked and restless, more watching himself fade away than anything else.
instead of lying around and hating everything, especially myself. You’re the first thing I think of in the morning, and the last thing on my mind as I close my eyes at night. You are the only thing I don’t just
Tony raised an amused eyebrow and looked up at Steve, who ruffled through his hair and then sat down next to Tony, keeping a respectful distance.
“I don’t like being handed things,” he said strained, trying to ignore the images of his father giving him way too hot metal, because
This means that his relationship with Steve was kind of nonexistent, if not strained. It was worse than that with Sam, but not as strained as with Natasha.
“I know that you and the whole world think I don’t have a heart,” Steve murmured something under his breath that sounded like
”He is one of our closest friends, you will see him around more often. I just thought you should at least know who he is.”
knew. And they were approximately one group meeting away from putting all the pieces together and then come to his workshop with pitchforks.
Tony wished Steve would stop looking more sad than he felt. He hated that he knew that it was his fault that he was wearing that expression.
No, not eating sugar and meat was so normal, too normal to think about it twice; even easier to ignore since he didn’t
Tony shook his head breaking the heavy eye contact. This guy really needed to start to stop looking at Tony like he was already working on plans from A over to B all the way to Z. Calculating how to best attack to get the best outcome. Tony didn’t like it. He only knew this guy for about 3 hours now and he was already sick of him trying to fix things. As far as Tony was concerned he just needed a break right now. He didn’t want to work on plans to fix him, he just wanted to be left alone.
Steve’s gaze was cold as ice and yet burned him alive. Tony shrunk in on himself but Steve just kept looking. He had seen the man draw many lines when Tony came here and then close both eyes when Tony overstepped them.
He had given everyone the chance to open their eyes and see that he wasn’t the best fit for this life and nobody had, so now he’d take it.
Tony continued to breathe harshly, looking around in the dark, searching for something to ground him, but there wasn’t anything. Nothing made sense.
”Car!” He said, rolling it over Tony’s thigh, who was still between something like pride and what might be his biggest panic attack he’s ever had. ”It’s the fastest one I have. But Papa liked the blue one better, anyways.”
But not right now. Because Tony felt raw and defenseless and they all just gaped at him, as if he’d performed open heart surgery naked. But his home was ripped out of his hands, and it all lead to this in an awfully twisted way and Tony just couldn’t do that right now, because everything inside him yelled at him to just
“You — it wasn’t lying?” Steve huffed out after a few more moments of silence. And hell, did Tony wish that he had said anything but that.
”I didn’t buy anything!” Bucky defended himself, an amused smile on his lips. ”I made us leave in a hurry before doing something you’d kick my ass for.”
When he lay down in bed that night, sleep didn’t over come him, but more thoughts did. Funny enough, that he never thought of this outcome.
11 years older than he thought he was. 11 years of which he had no memories. As far as he was concerned, he was still 27, company owner, playboy, billionaire, genius and oh yeah
”Yes,” Tony answered, not letting any of his thoughts show. Even rolling his eyes at Steve’s back for good measure. ”I told you, I’m fine. It was a good sign, honestly. I might be able to remember even more soon!”
He stared blankly at the door of his bedroom. He didn’t doubt that it hadn’t been real. But at the same time he just hung onto the hope that it had been. Because there was no other explanation to it why Steve hadn’t said anything about it but that he just wanted to forget it. And Tony couldn’t even think about that right now. He was in a burning pain ever since he got back to himself after Doctor Strange had pulled it away from Tony’s body.
He couldn’t even remember anything really. A second he was in the battlefield, taking out an army of robots and in the next he was in the medical wing of the tower, two weeks later with a big blank spot in his memories.
Tony threw one last look over his shoulder, nodding slightly. Steve relaxed so visibly that Tony wondered how his body could have ever held all this tension in.
He came back to think it all over again, when he took a real look, not just a tiny glance, at his blue finger nails for the first time and actually thought about wearing nail polish to hide it from the others. That was the exact moment when he realized that he was well aware that something was wrong with him, but not even one step into fixing the problem. He was in full denial and well wasn’t that just the story of his life.
because you should know all that,” Rogers spoke up, placing the plate on the counter, finally facing Tony. ”You should know when your son was born. You should know your husband’s full name. You did know that. But now you don’t and you don’t even care about it, do you?”
Bucky let out a deep breath, not even looking at the plate but right into Tony’s eyes. He was definitely sending a warning his way and Tony got it. Hell, the last thing he wanted was to hurt Steve.
Tony gasped suddenly, ripping his eyes from SR and then turned to look back to Rhodey who only nodded slightly at him, answering a question he had already forgotten, because his mind just yelled
“You said you had some drawings I’d be interested in?” Tony prompted, raising one eyebrow and began to tap his fingers impatiently against the surface of his desk. Steve turned back his eyes on Tony in a second and cleared his throat.
“You know how fucked you’d be if you were able to feel frustration?” Rhodey asked behind him, while he studied Tony’s cars.
Tony smirked at it, as if it was something great, that he had gotten Rogers to understand that his husband was gone and the chances of him coming back weren’t too good. It wasn’t why he smirked though. It was because in the end it was still the easiest lie to tell when everything else fails you.
He didn’t look back when he left the room in a hurry, not wanting to see the disappointment on the kid’s face. Seriously, how did they ever make the mistake of giving him a child, all he ever did was fuck it up.
Tony hated that for a second his brain jumped to what the final straw would be to make Rogers more miserable than he has ever been before. If it would take the
“I am —” Rhodey took a deep breath and seemed to collect himself, determined expression on his face, as if he was trying his hardest to answer as honest as possible. Tony appreciated it, people lied so often. To not hurt others feelings or something, not that he’d understand. Rhodey was trying to treat him like an equal, even though he couldn’t hurt Tony’s feelings even if he tried. In the end you definitely miss 100% of all shots you take if there’s no target.
Rhodey coughed and began to laugh in honesty. “Shit, okay, stop, stop. You look like you want to eat me alive.”
”Yeah, I did. You told me you were mad about me always ruining your surprises, but your eyes were a bit too watery and happy for that to be true. When I said yes before you could even ask you were making jokes about how you’re not accepting to have cooked dinner and bought a gold ring for me to say yes without you actually asking anything, but in the next second you were smiling so brightly, I was convinced for a moment that it had the energy of the whole city behind it.”
I'll try and upload the next chapter of this asap, I have it already written and done but I am low key obsessed with this other thing (or other 48053 things I am also writing, let's be honest) and sometimes forget this story exists sjfdkdfk
Steve only raised an eyebrow at him and then shot him a stern glare. ”One more word and that was the last you’ve seen of him.”
Tony didn’t know what he was missing. And just like colors, nobody could explain it to him either. How do you explain emotions?
by creating a new element while being poisoned. For god’s sake, he survived months in a cave with a car battery running his heart. He survived flying into a worm hole and his fall to earth afterwards. He could eat Mac’nCheese.
As if he had just realised something that should have been obvious but just became clear to him and now he didn’t know how to hide the fear that it caused him to feel.
”So I guess the dog tags around my neck are yours?” He asked, his voice sounding oddly loud in silence of the big hospital room. Definitely a private one. At least he still had his money in the future, better than nothing, he guessed.
When he opened his eyes again the panic was gone. He had a secret to keep. An admittedly obvious secret, that was about to be out in the open in approximately 32 hours - depending on how fast Bruce put two and two together, and how long he needed to digest it afterwards.
Tony took the spoon in his hand and looked at the Mac’n’Cheese on it. Stared at it really, as if it just threatened to unplug Jarvis forever. He moved the spoon closer to his mouth, one inch at a time, he tried not think about what the ingredients were even though they seemed to be the only thing he could think of, glowing bright in his head - shining like a damn cheese star of Bethlehem.
“Well, hell of a way to just Band-aid it,” he answered with a crooked grin, trying to look like nothing had changed, like this wasn’t killing him inside.
”You’re hilarious, J. Remind me to program this big mouth of yours out of your system first thing when I get out of here, why don’t you?”
”Watch it!” He exclaimed, trying to stop Peter from walking around on his crotch. Tony was focused from keeping Peter from hurting him, but he swore he could hear a low chuckle from Steve’s end of the couch.
Tony looked closely to see any of Roger’s reactions. He would succeed to make this man angry and he was definitely coming close to it right now. He made his hands into fists, obviously trying to seem unbothered, as if he was swallowing the words 'don’t talk about him like that'. All he did answer in the end was a bitten ”Yes” through clenched teeth.
He still walked around, constantly feeling the need to wear the iron bracelets to call his armor to him, just in case. He didn’t feel threatened by them per se, but he wasn’t naive either. There were 5 people living with him, who would’ve killed him a few months back if they needed to and he couldn’t help but have the urge to look over his shoulder constantly. So yeah, he felt better when he wore them it; knowing that Jarvis would send the armor right to him at any sign of danger made him lose a tiny bit of tension.
He spent the next three days in his bed in the medical wing in the Avenger’s HQ, bored out of his mind. Clint didn’t visit him anymore, neither did any of the others. Only Bruce checked in from time to time, always looking at him with his professional doctor face, which made Tony think that Bruce might have prohibited the others from visiting him. Or they really,
said to her and she hadn’t even blinked. Hadn’t shown any doubt that it hadn’t been him even though they were supposed to be friends.
”Dude,” Tony opened one eye to look at Sam, who returned his gaze rather baffled, in a not quite horrified but disconcerted manner, “Did you lose weight? Like
“What,” Tony swallowed heavily, his voice sounding weirdly broken and husky, “What is happening to me? Rhodes, I think something failed, I couldn’t do it.”
Another week later, he found himself back in the exact same position, having spend the last hour just staring at his tablet like he was trying to set it spontaneously on fire. He was rubbing over the wedding ring on the chain around his neck, when a booming headache fell over him.
“It’s not nothing, Tony. I know that look. Something is bothering you, and you can talk to the others just fine so it had to be me.”
”Maybe,” Tony answered, watching how Steve blushed around the collar of his shirt and his cheekbones, while acting as if he didn’t.
(Also also - do your self the favour and go see Rocketman. Richard Madden is in it for a hot second and it's so worth it. Guys, I mean it. The hottest fucking second. Y'all just deserve that. My best friend and I were blown away (hint hint).) (Also Taron is also totally a reason to watch it, balding or not, gotta just love him).
Tony scoffed, too, nodding in a way that might seem careless but might have been something much deeper than that.
”Can’t you just be my Daddy again?” Peter’s eyes were wide and innocent, looking up with so much hope that Tony suddenly understood why his future self had fallen so hard into the family life.
Rhodey jumped off his chair, rushed to Tony and pulled him in a tight hug, lifting him off his feet.
Tony had never heard a more dry, deadpanned and done statement in his life. Yet, it was not what he wanted. Also, frankly, he was actually interested. Not in his dick, really, but what reason this marriage had. He just couldn’t see it. He was more than confused and nobody could tell him how it all came down to that.
And maybe this was the way his life told him that his plan of dying alone while partying was back on the top of the list, because he had had his chance. And he had acted wrong.
Jesus, he hoped they were. He loved his house there. And it was also big enough to be able to avoid Rogers and his kid till they got the message that Tony was different now, was as he used to be, was who he was meant to be.
Steve looked horrified. He swallowed thickly and evidently thought about walking closer to Tony but didn’t. He just shook his head and his eyes looked as if they were crying out like a dying star.
”I’m here to bring you home,” Rogers said, his voice had a low undertone of challenge, as if he dared Tony to tell him not to call it
Steve locked eyes with him, reading all of Tony’s questions he couldn’t say out loud as if they were written on his forehead.
Tony remembered the car. It broke a few days ago, but he remembered the big smile his mother gave him when she handed him the car.
“I’m okay,” he replies eventually and even to his own ears it sounded like a lie. He used to be a good liar, where was this talent the one time he really needed it.
He woke up and was certain he just blacked out due to alcohol and was woken up by something a few hours later. His head was spinning and was all but roaring. He lay on a bed but it was definitely not his, it was way too small and uncomfortable.
Tony’s teeth began to click together, as the shivering grew. He had wondered how long he had to stay, because he only wanted to go home. And when he finally did come home, he just threw their stuff out. He didn’t have anything of his parents left, because he hadn’t cared, but now he felt as if the only thing that could make the heaviness of his bones go away, was to smell his mother’s sharp perfume only one more time. It had always made his nose itch, but now he’d give his life for it.
Clint only nodded and looked him up and down, before shaking Lucky awake and then standing up when his dog moved his head away from his leg.
Tony looked up at him again, seeing him pouting and pointing to Tony’s arm, which true enough was in a cast, which spotted a crooked little dog, with big ears and uneven legs.
I'm still searching for a Beta Reader btw so if you're interested, just write me. (Btw my reader will get the other around 20k words of this story I have already written instantly; I don't know if anybody would want that but - -  if you want to have the updates before anybody else: antiheld140910@icloud.com)
Funny enough, he felt mostly numb afterwards. Not like he did before, when he just didn’t feel anything more like — he could feel
Really, Steve might’ve been the person he finally thought of as worth of his trust but he knew better now. Tony knew exactly how things like that ended.
”Well, if I am this hard to put up with, then you should have rammed your shield into my head and not just into the reactor.”
Tony didn’t know why either, but he let Steve in, in a moment of nostalgia maybe, hoping a bit that Steve could save him, before he banned that thought out of his head. He looked at Steve as blank as he could.
He just felt tired today. Nothing in his life had ever worked out that bad but well before. Steve however seemed fully awake and enthusiastic, nodding to Pepper and then came right Tony’s way. Tony tried to not sigh in annoyance, it wasn’t this guy’s fault, that he obviously felt so light that he could just smilie brightly like that while Tony felt heavy ever since he got this sadness transmitted right into his brain 4 months ago.
“So then why did you do it? Why not keep all that warm and fuzziness to yourself?” Tony was honestly confused. Everybody else kept it for themselves at least. Well, okay, admittedly, who in their right mind would donate a bit of something positive? It was human nature to hold on to what makes life worth living.
Steve, who huffed a little laugh, as if he thought about something specific, something funny that Tony wouldn’t understand anymore.
”Steve!” He exclaimed while already jumping from the bed, ignoring the dizzy feeling in his head. Making his way to the kitchen, his thoughts were spinning around, making him want to throw up.
And then he felt it sweeping through his body. It felt electrifying, like all every vein in his body just wanted him to
Tony shrugged his silence off and turned the tag another time, reading out loud: ”Captain. Captain Steven Grant Rogers.”
. That he didn’t really know how to do so, but that he will, for their sake. He knew that his best always fell short, but he could try, at least. All he needed was
“Tony, you said it yourself.” He was obviously ignoring Tony’s former comment. He didn’t know if he liked that or not. “The first day we met you said it, you don’t love anything.”
was sheer will power and the fact that his lips felt as if they were glued together. He really should drink more water, but that’s just the next point on his ‘whatever list.’
“There’s been speculations that I was involved in the events that occurred, in the national hospital and the R&D department —”
Looking at Steve for the first time after he had nearly killed Tony might have been the hardest thing Tony has ever had to go through. He went through abuse and torture, he’d been put under water for so long that he forgot what air in his lungs felt like, he watched the people he trusted betray him, without the ability to even do as much as
They sat in silence for a few seconds before Tony rubbed his head in thought. ”Steve, what was that phone call about?”
He’d show Steve that he wasn’t his trained dog anymore. He did what he wanted to do when he wanted to do it. And if he wanted to drown in an expensive bottle all in one go, than so be it. It was his problem and nobody else’s. He can take care of himself. The others will realize that eventually, the sooner the better.
Made him look young and playful. As if he had never experienced pain or hurt. As if he was just deeply happy.
“I can’t sign myself up for this kind of — failure,” Steve himself cringed over his expression, but didn’t change it, “I can’t just keep wondering my whole life if you really feel something for me or don’t and I — I am sorry, but I can’t do that.”
“It’s nothing you need to worry about,” Tony answered eventually. The look he received in response was almost insulting in its incredulity.
He blinked twice before answering Tony slowly. A nervous tick if he had ever seen one. ”I just want to know that you’re okay. You might not care but I worry when you don’t come home.”
”He is sick now, Pete. Remember, he was in the hospital?” Rogers was so patient while Tony was about ready to get up and wait till the kid grew up and got enough common sense to put the pieces together himself.
”I don’t, didn’t, nor will I ever, in my whole existence, wear skinny jeans. I wear Ermenegildo Zegna suits, dear, can you even spell that?”
”After the park we’ll practice reading, though!” Steve shouted after him, only getting a little grumble in response.
They laid around in silence for a while longer. Tony was in deep thought about all the times he flinched. It was the closest thing he had to an emotion. Weird.
Peter looked at him again, his eyes turning glassy. Tony was about to run out of the room right then. Rogers got up to his feet, picking the child up and holding him against his chest.
Tony actually huffed at this. It was so clear now, that he didn’t even know how he’d even been able to fall for it. He had been replaced the second he became inconvenient and something better came around.
Tony pressed his palms against his temples and took a shuttering breath, trying to keep his eyes open and not miss a second of the footage playing in front of him. He knew it by heart, knew every little thing that would happen in it but he couldn’t stop watching nonetheless. It wasn’t all of it either, the others made Jarvis delete a lot of it, saying it wouldn’t help his recovery.
Steve laid his head on the backrest and closed his eyes. Tony watched him for a bit, rolling all the questions he had around in his mouth, not really knowing what to say and how.In the end he settled for a simple. ”Steve, can we talk?” To which Steve ripped his eyes open instantly and turned to him, looking concerned.
“You should get some rest,” Bruce was undoubtedly just Dr. Banner right now, professional, trying to lock his own feelings out. “Right now the tube ingests nutrients for you. But it can only do so much. I laid apples on the nightstand, I figured that would be the only thing you wouldn’t totally recoil at right now. I’ll come check on you in a few hours. Jarvis informs me if anything happens.”
It was true. And he needed to know that Steve knew that. It was too easy to begin to hope now, he had been there. The thought
Hi hello! I hope you liked this chapter, if so - let me know. Comments always make me really happy :-)
because he was. He didn’t know what was happening to him right now but he knew that. He knew that he had never felt more guilty in his life.
“No.” It wasn’t loud or harsh, but certainly with had a sharp warning to it, leaving no room for discussion.
Tony scratched his forehead and then caressed over his goatee. ”Huh,” he said slowly and calculated. ”I really don’t see myself as the kind of guy who just stayed with one person. And you’re sure I didn’t cheat?”
”I don’t know if he will, Pete,” Rogers answered honestly, his sadness on his face like a forever lasting shadow. ”But for now all we can do to help is give him space, is that okay?”
”Mirror above the bed, huh, kinky Tony. You like watching yourself lying on your back, getting fucked good and hard, begging for more ?”
Rhodey swallowed hard, seemingly also swallowing about 50 reasons why this was bullshit down too. “Stay on point, Tony, this — ”
The problem with that was that Tony had no idea what he even wanted to ask. There were so many things he just couldn’t understand.
Which he didn’t consider was the silence that would stretch around him the second the door closed behind the super soldier. Tony wondered if it was worse than feeling like he was suffocated.
He didn’t want to talk to Steve about this — or anything really. How could Steve even stand there and act as if Tony owed him an answer. Tony could be completely fine or on the edge of crying and neither would be Steve’s problem. He didn’t care how Tony felt back then, so why now? Now that Bucky was safe, Tony’s feelings were worth worrying over again?
He looked serious, not even a hint of any amusement anywhere on his face. Tony would have appreciated it, he has been having a bad day, thanks for asking.
Steve nodded understanding, before shooting him a little smile and then follow their impatient son out of the door.
Tony nearly scoffed, he didn’t want to be fixed. He needed to find out if he wasn’t beyond broken first.
Rhodey sighed and just continued to look down at Tony, like he was ready to pull him out of whatever misery he had driven himself into, with his own two hands.
Tony really had wanted to try, he had even gotten his hopes up that he might actually succeed. Working in the lab had been awesome. They had
”Did you stop loving me, Daddy?” His eyes were teary and his lip wobbling. Tony didn’t know that looking at a sad child could be the most devastating image he had ever seen but here he was.
“Yeah,” Sam replied, narrowing his eyes at Tony, trying to read all the answers to unasked questions right from his forehead. Tony just raised an eyebrow and nodded.
Tony settled down on the couch, back against the arm rest and pulled a blanket over his legs, tablet in his arms. He actually really just wanted to look at some files, maybe find the one about the toy spider and see if Peter and he could get to work on it soon.
Something in him broke some more as he finally realized that no one would save him. This was his fight, and there was no chance for him to conquer. He wouldn’t even know where to
Bruce was a good man, he’ll sit down and think about everything until he got the whole picture and there was no way to stop him from doing so. It might take him awhile to put all the pieces together, a day or two, but he’d understand eventually. All Tony could do now was avoiding the other man until — well, until everything was really all right again.
He readied himself, suppressing another cough that would only make his throat burn like hell, and attempted to open his eyes again, blinking through the white lines that crossed his sight and then settled his gaze on the child.
He made a decision and I cannot talk him out of it, why even try? It is in vain. So, the door is on your right, I have to drink my emotions away, because that actually works.”
When Peter and his Uncle Bucky returned in the evening, they did in fact, not have a dog with them. Steve’s shoulders sagged down with so much relief, that Tony could barely keep himself from laughing.
Steve took another deep breath, but didn’t lose any posture. He stood straight, his head high, as if he was prepared for any outcome.
He had nothing to prove, they wouldn’t believe him anyway. For them he was just the son of a brilliant man, who made him a billionaire, and who happened to be a genius. Pure luck.
for eye contact with the 4 year old. Tony felt oddly out of place, watching them interact so fluently, obviously having a routine when it came to talking about important stuff.
The blond just looked at him tiredly and then turned to look at his hands instead of Tony. ”You keep calling me Rogers. It’s Steve. Steven Grant Rogers.”
. Blue, with a tiny bit of green. Yeah, Tony needed to be more careful, because once you stared into those eyes for too long, they began to feel a lot like
His thoughts were running miles per minute, he lost them a while ago, just heard bits and pieces now and then, not liking one single thing about it.
Rogers huffed a little laugh, not more than a slight nose exhale as if Tony had just remind him of something that had been really funny a long time ago. ”Stark Tower. Believe me, I was against that name, too. But you insisted. Even put the name on the outside, bold and glowing blue.”
”How about after dinner, we go to the workshop and build the spider we made plans for?” Tony asked, looking at Steve to see if he approved.
”This is not what’s inappropriate about all this,” he answered and walked out without another glance in Tony’s direction.
”The point is, you don’t have to. I have been through a lot, Rogers, a few new nightmares won’t bring me down.”
But before he could say anything to redirect where this conversation was going — making it to go on the safe road and not drive full speed against a wall, maybe — Peter spoke up.
“Startling is a response from your body to an unexpected loud noise or sudden movement. It’s basically like a reflex.”
Tony woke up with a silent scream on his lips and sweat on his forehead. He didn’t know if it was real but it felt like it. He had never been more relieved to wake up, but still so damn terrified. He could tell this was more than just what his brain tried to tell him was potentially real.
”Okay, stop that,” Tony called out, walking a few steps closer to the couch, from which Rogers only looked up at him questioningly. ”You look like a damsel in distress, Rogers, Jesus.”
Steve chuckled low, getting up to put their plates into the dishwasher, before closing it with a hit with his hip. ”Yeah, maybe a little bit. But he’s got your brains, Tony. He’s really smart.”
, pop the question. He couldn’t believe that, so he just wouldn’t accept it. Denial was one of his stronger trades, always had been.
”Daddy ’s talking funny.” He heard the kid giggle from the doorway and spun around to face the little boy.
“But Bucky, was — he was my hold. Always had been. I couldn't let you hurt him, or even more than that. I was selfish, I was blind. Bucky was the only one who made me feel less out of place. I am sorry that I hurt you.”
”Nah, let him, Brucey, it’s okay.” Tony managed to choke out, trying to flash them some kind of smile that probably ended up looking as if he’d throw up on them. Judging by the look Banner gave him, he achieved exactly that.
“So there is something to worry about?” Steve hesitated but then sat down on the edge of Tony’s bed. “Do I need to call Banner?”
Tony would be the last person to admit that he had to blink tears away before answering. ”I’ve never seen it here. But I remembered it.”
The most important day of his life must’ve been when he met his new roommate. He was a tall guy, looking him up and down and then saying something snarky with a bright laugh, Tony instantly didn’t mind his company.
His expression flickered into something hopeful, but it was gone as fast as it had appeared. As if he was actively keeping himself from getting his hopes up, already used to being disappointed.
people. His father had moved earth and every damn planet to make sure that nobody would know how his son was
”Yes,” Steve still had this little smile on his lips. Tony liked to watch it. ”Sometimes I swear he’s already smarter than I am.”
”Just please don’t just disappear from Peter’s life. I know you don’t owe me anything and I know that you don’t care about me,” he repeated that last part and still made Tony feel like he was gonna be sick. He didn’t know why those words make him feel like he needed to disagree.
, right now. He just wanted to fall back asleep and wake up being 27 years old again. ”Daddy is hurt, you could overwhelm him.”
Tony shrugged it off, but Steve shook his head determined. ”You really aren’t. But —” Steve swallowed, looking at Tony like he wanted to make sure that Tony’d stay to listen to every word. ”But you’re my husband. At least for me you are. And I know right now you’d do about anything, lash out and try to hurt people, but please.”
But what he knew for certain, at least in retrospect, was that it was that pride that made him look at Peter and say his next words. The quiet before the storm.
Sam looked at him more honest than he’s ever been before he picked up his bag from the floor and walked together with Clint - who gave Tony another nod and pat on the back - and Barnes to their rooms.
Steve breathed in deeply, not losing his posture. Tony kind of wished he did, just to know where they stood. But Steve stayed contained, nodding shortly.
When you grow up colorblind, you will never miss the blue of the sky or the green of the big trees in the park. You wouldn’t mind not seeing them, you
Steve looked really uncertain for a second. Like he was mentally trying to put pieces together, not liking the picture they showed. When he spoke, his voice was hesitant. ”Have you — are you planning on going out?”
He sat up and rolled with his chair to the other end of his work shop so fast that he became dizzy for a moment. Steve’s touch still ghosting over him like 100 bugs, he couldn’t help but shiver.
”Yeah? Then prove it,” Steve’s voice had this challenge behind it, sounding fluently like this was normally how he always talked. Challenging people to a fight, because he knew he’d win.
”Your Daddy is still a little sick, Petey Pie,” Rogers chimed back in then, shooting Tony a look. ”He has to sleep a lot now, but he’ll join us together soon again.”
Steve blinked and then swallowed. He looked deeply moved, definitely more ready to cry than not. ”Yes! Yes, you bought that blanket. I hated it at first, because really? Spiders? But Peter loved it. He's still got it in his bed.”
Don’t get him wrong, he knew how dangerous this addiction could be, so he never got completely wasted like in the old times. Just a drink here and there to forget that he, yet again, had trusted a person who just betrayed him in the end, no big deal. Okay, he got wasted
The word didn’t mean anything. Not alone like that. But he knew that Steve believed it did. He believed it.
He couldn’t believe how much of a Dad he was, after only having this kid around him for a few months.
He took serval shallow breath till he was finally able breath in deeply. It smelled faintly like burned pancakes and pizza. He nodded a few times. He was here, he could smell it.
Tony shook his head over and over again, standing up and walked past Rhodey, who looked weirdly out of place but with so much conviction in it, that Tony nearly huffed again.
It went on like that. He went through regret and hatred, anger and loneliness. He felt frustrated and never relieved, felt anxious and disgusted. And so,
But before he walked through the door, he turned back halfway, shooting Tony the most hopeless but determined look that has ever been shot his way.
He was a little red around the tips of his ears, but evidently determined to act like he wasn’t. Instead of giving Tony a big reaction, he just shook his head, huffing.
”Stevie,” the man’s voice was husky, but had a warm edge to it. ”Pete wants to see his Daddy and go home.”
. It was a nightmare on earth, but he had been him. He had made his decisions, he was awake and in control and he had been there.
Tony was about finished with this whole night. Maybe even the whole week. Definitely his whole new life.
Tony leaned against the counter next to Steve, looking at his profile. ”What was the last thing we built together?”
Tony has always loved a challenge and if that was the only thing he really could hold on to, who was gonna stop him?
Sure enough, the first thing he saw when he walked into the kitchen was Clint on the counter, coffee pot in one hand and petting Lucky, who had his front paws next to Clint, with the other. Steve stood in front of the stove and scrambled eggs, smiling as if it was just downright the best leisure activity to make breakfast for others.
When Bucky left the kitchen, it was as if he had taken all the things that had blocked out the tension with him.
“Depends on how afraid you are, I guess. Sometimes it just — hits you cold and leaves you shivering for the rest of the day. It can be so bone deep that it paralyzes you, feeling like a hand around your heart. But it can also be small, like just — You can get startled, right?”
Tony was sure that sometimes in life there really just is this one second, the first impression that will lead your life in a certain direction, changing it all. You rarely get a second chance for that.
. You’re a person too, y’know.” Rhodey turned back around to the TV, but obviously still listening to Tony.
Tony couldn’t help himself but wonder if it was possible for a heart to literally tear in two. Because that was what this realization felt like.
”Hey, Pete,” Tony said easily, smiling at his son, who smiled right back. Tony wished he could take a picture of his little happy face right now.
Tony blinked some more. Then shooting a glance at Steve who closed the door and then walked over to them. ”That is — cool?” Tony tried, not knowing exactly if it was.
Tony tried to decide whether or not he was too tired to bring up the whole love thing again. Then he immediately shook his head. This too needed to be out in the open.
The blond man stood in the lobby of the Stark tower, talking to Pepper, before turning in his direction and smiling. Tony had yet to get why people even smiled, but he returned it politely anyway.
Steve looked at him like there was nothing on earth he wanted less than getting laid texts from his husband. But at the same time as if he really did want one.
”You know, it is okay to let yourself be vulnerable. You lost years of your life and the new you doesn’t quite fit in and it’s okay to be upset, Tony. It’s okay to not be fine right now. But I want you to know that I see the effort you make.”
time, but who was counting. He was entitled to drown his sorrows, but he got it under control ever since.
”Please don’t make me see it,” he said, his voice weirdly thin, so much so that Tony doubted the words even belonged to Steve. He normally said everything so powerful, so determined that this whole sentence seemed like it hadn’t been said by him.
Hit. Sunken. And hell did Steve hit the mark. Tony felt agony, he felt like his heart was deliberately missing a few beats, while he starred at Steve in disbelieve.
A moment, before he might be ready to try again. Maybe take another step. Maybe finally be the man everybody expected him to be.
Well, if life was fair, he’d be healthy and happy in his workshop right now. But life wasn’t fair and some things can’t be avoided.
When he walked into the kitchen the next morning, it was silent so he hoped for the best and then nearly choked to death on his own spit when tall, dark hair, one arm —
Steve raised an unimpressed eyebrow, obviously not buying anything Tony just said, but knowing that he was in no place to really argue about it either. He lost this right, ready to never gain it again ever.
the others lived with him after all, but he didn’t have anyone who he really trusted but Rhodes, who suffered through enough as it was. But Bruce was familiar, he hadn’t turned on Tony and it was just so comforting to know that at least one person in this tower was a true friend.
”Ugh, fuck,” Tony muttered, when the kid’s spilled apple juice reached his side of the table before Rogers could clean it up.
Steve sighed again and ended the call walking over to the couch, obviously making the effort to be quiet to not disturb Tony. When he saw that he was awake, though, his whole expression lit up.
For the whole week that followed he had no flashbacks or memory pieces coming to his mind. It was frustrating.
He couldn’t. And he didn’t. He did, however, spend the next weeks lying around drunk before noon, babbling to Jarvis and trying not to think about anything. It was harder than he’d thought, though. But he got it, most of the time. Mostly in the nights he couldn’t remember in the morning.
Tony didn’t need to humor himself with the hope anymore that Steve would oversee this like all of Tony’s mistakes.
He focused back on the plans for Natasha’s new uniform, forgetting completely that Bruce was also in his lab, looking at different metals, trying to figure out how to make them as strong as Vibranium, until said man spoke up.
“Do I need to stay?” It wasn’t a demand. It didn’t sound annoyed either. It sounded genuinely concerned as if Steve would jump at the chance to do whatever it took to help Tony.
”He does feel better, he is not hurt as badly anymore,” Rogers fell silent for a bit, waiting for Peter to nod, as he caught up with what his father told him. ”But his head is still not fully recovered yet. Daddy needs many breaks and can’t take care of you as much right now, he needs silence to get better, you understand that, right?”
He looked at Steve and pointed with his thumb at the box on the counter behind him. Then he shrugged on his jacket, laying a hand on Steve’s shoulder and then came over to Tony doing the same.
Steve laid his head back, following Bucky into the kitchen, Tony walking right behind him, not quite as successful from keeping himself from laughing as he had been before. ”Bucky —” Steve sighed, filling another glass with water and gave it to Tony without asking.
Tony cleared his throat, and tried to look over this guy’s shoulder, to try to get a hint if he was in the right place.
Tony looked at him for a short moment in the same way he looks at a problem with his tech that he tries to figure out, as his sluggish mind processed the words thrown at him. Eventually he just shook his head and gestured to himself.
”Where was I?” Steve asked after a long minute in which they just stared at each other. Tony wondered again what Steve saw when looking at him. His husband, probably. But also the person who really wasn’t his husband at all. ”Yeah, so I brought you flowers to make up for what I did. I came home early to give them to you, I didn’t want to sit at work wondering if you were still mad at me for a second longer.”
“What do you feel right now?” Tony asked fast, catching himself and trying to change the topic back to the point.
Yes, he might not deserve this life and had cheated his way in. But man, he was ready to fight anybody who’d come and try to take it from him, now.
”Tony —,” her voice broke before she could finish whatever she intended to say. She settled to just look at him with her normal schooled expression, though it seemed kind of off, as if she was trying really hard to not yell at him in panic - Jesus, he could sing a duet with her on that note - before she caught herself again and carried on with her 'not — taking — any — shits — not — now — not — ever' expression.
Steve took a deep breath, eyes shining blue and honest. ”Please don’t bring someone here and make me see my husband with someone else, please. Don’t make our son see it.”
“Because said billionaire is not your mother and responsible for you,” Tony replied dryly and went over to Steve who seemed to fight the urge to give all the scrambled eggs to Lucky who sat down next to him, drooling on the floor.
The first one to notice Tony though was Lucky, who jumped back to stand on all four of his paws and walk excitedly in his direction. Tony just petted one time over his golden ears and then went to Clint to take the coffee pot out of his hands.
Natasha and Steve both remained standing in front of him as if they waited for him to gave them a lecture about trust and betrayal, but he just nodded and flashed another smile at them and told them to just ask Jarvis if they needed anything before he turned around to go to his workshop, probably to find the meaning of life on the bottom of a scotch glass.
“I know that it’s confusing. It is one thing to question the official story, and another thing entirely to make wild accusations, or insinuate that I’m an emotionless, modest genius, like a superhero.”
It was not awesome. It was living hell and he couldn’t even feel it all. It was paradox really. He has never laughed because he found joy in something. He never looked at someone and felt warm and fuzzy. He didn’t have a favorite color or hobby. You could burn everything he owned and he would shrug. He wouldn’t even care.
Tony closed his eyes and pulled his knees to his chest, making himself as small as possible. He said all the colors of his favorite cars out loud.
“You don’t have to say that.” Steve let his head hang low, obviously trying to not show that he was hurting.
This couldn’t be it. It can’t be. He shook his head violently and looked at Rhodey again with blurry vision.
Things like Steve looking more sad than Tony could ever recall, seeming so small, as if his body was just way too big for him right now.
He didn’t know. He didn’t know what he was supposed to answer, he was tired and his father smiled at him coldly, as if he was about to throw the tantrum his parents wanted Tony to throw so badly.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Nat,” Tony eventually answered to which she only raised an eyebrow.
Tony didn’t feel like the third wheel in the room even though he had expected he would. He rather felt really fond, as if those two bickering was something normal for him.
“You are in the tower.” He always was. This was always how it started. He began to fight against the arms around him, pressing his eyes closed, wishing he had to energy to cover his ears. Everything was so loud around him.
“Oh, Tony.” For a moment Rhodey looked even sadder than Tony felt and he did not know how to react to that.
”Yeah, yeah, don’t pop a blood vessel I get it, genius, remember?” He added before Rogers could. ”So I gave my sperm and your sister got our baby?”
They ended up standing opposite to each other, just smiling in silence that was equally weird and comfortable. Tony just knew that this was the closest he had ever gotten to actually feeling fully content with himself and everything.
When it hit him, though, he all but fell back into his chair, ripping his eyes wide open. “What the —“
Steve looked at him critically for a second, before his expression turned into something more excited. ”About the bees and the birds?” He answered lightly, throwing Tony completely off.
him. He never went as far as saying it out loud, because those words always seem to ruin everything. And yet, here he was anyway.
”You were nervous for days around me,” Steve said, looking at his hands that were lying in his lap, private smile so heavy on his lips as if it’d never leave. ”I thought I had done something wrong. I actually brought you flowers to apologize for not having realized that I did something wrong and obviously for what I actually did.”
Tony let out another shuttering breath and took the stairs. He needed the extra time to practice his grin on the way up. It had been a month. It seemed as if he was the only person who still felt uneasy around the others. Possession had been new for them; mind control yeah, but actual possession? No, that hadn’t happen to them before. Still, the rest of the team did come to terms with it rather quickly. The first few days when he was back were rough on all of them, nobody had really known how to act around Tony, what to say or do, but they had gotten over it.
His smile hurt his face, it felt like it was tearing him apart. He jumped from the counter he sat on and walked to the door in hurried steps, his heart beating painfully fast against his sensitive ribs again.
Tony had thought getting his first memory back would be something big. Marvellous. Too great to even be able to fully understand. The truth was, though, he sat at the breakfast table, watching Peter spilling the milk from cereal everywhere and then from a second to the next he saw it. A clear image right in front of him.
Instead of answering Steve only leaned forward and pressed his lips softly against Tony’s, leaving him breathless for a good reason this time. When he pulled back he looked over Tony’s shoulder to the coffee cup on the counter, cocky grin in place.
The kid raised his eyebrows at him, looking for a second as if Tony had lost his mind. The irony of that didn’t escape Tony. ”But my bed time is soon! We don’t have time to —” he put his little hand up to his chin, thinking for a second. ”Waste! We don’t have any time to waste, Daddy!”
Instead, though, he just stared at the kid. He saw the fire forming, one that Steve would normally already have put out by now but Tony had no idea how to.
— god forbid, 3 Hail Marys for his poor soul, blah blah blah— was the end of his future career at Stark Industries.
”It’s too late to abort it now, isn’t it?” He asked, hoping to ease the mood. Rogers let this joke fall flat as well and Tony really began to think that it had definitely not been his humor that had charmed him into marrying him.
Tony sounded a lot less tired and broken than he thought he would. In fact, he sounded rather strong, as if telling Steve to leave his workshop wasn’t one of the things he never thought he’d need to do.
Tony couldn’t think of anything else to say, that was it. Steve had drawn a line and Tony understood it, he really did. But right here he felt moments away from collapsing to his knees, he had lost the this, this
“I love you, Tony, but it hurts.” He had this look on his face, the same resigned expression Tony’s mother sometimes had. Tony thought back to the day he buried her, being bored by it all. She died thinking probably this exact thing. Tony suppressed something that would have definitely sounded like a whimper.
”Sleep well, Tony,” Steve said, before walking to his son’s room to probably tuck him in. Tony didn’t join them, but he thought that, maybe, he could be ready to actually help a bit more with Peter than just play with him.
. Her tears when she looked at him playing while he only shrugged or just ignore her entirely. The shiny, dried tears still on her cheeks, when she kissed him good night. And he had just
So no, he hadn’t expect an answer from Steve, he just needed to get at least a little bit of the overwhelming weight off of his chest before it broke another hole in his sternum.
Steve didn’t seem to read it right, though, more like he was just taking it as confirmation that Tony would go home with somebody else soon.
' so he thought about more reasons for his sudden sickness when he just thinks about meat. Thought about death and destruction and after a while all he could see when he looked at meat was blood and suffering. His head was playing games with him and he knew it but he couldn’t help it either. And it also didn’t hurt anyone, so whatever.
It wasn’t as if Tony missed it or something like that. Not that he could tell even if he did, but it was always hard to miss something you never had in the first place, right?
Tony didn’t have the energy to tell him that he wasn’t okay at all and he couldn’t think of the time when he last was. He just nodded, not wanting to lie.
Hanging halfway of the couch, the empty bottle in his iron grip, as if it was the only thing that could give him the hold that he needed, as if it could save him from the free fall he’s been in since he was a child.
“Yeah,” he answered lamely, tired of playing the same game over and over and not winning. There was no winning in there for him and he was old enough to accept that fact. Sometimes things just don’t have happy ends and he was one of those. He didn’t deserve one.
when he turned around, fake smile on his lips. ”And don’t you crawl in the bed with me later and try something, I’m too tired for sex right now, even though I bet you’re great at it, gorgeous.”
The man flinched out of his haze and then turned to his kid, kissing his forehead before settling him down on the floor and crouching in front of him. Tony was about to ask if they needed privacy before realizing that this was ridiculous.
on his tablet and began to read trough different notes of different inventions, all sounding more or less interesting.
There was an arch in his chest that felt a lot like loss. He didn’t even know if this situation was unfixable because it felt like it.
