The penthouse was re-organized by Steve to accommodate his belongings but ultimately keep them out of the way.
His best and oldest friend finally came back into his life but as always carried some fresh new chaos with him.
Quickly, Bucky wiped a few tears from his eyes before they could fall.  One of Steve’s hands began silently rubbing his shoulder.
There was some music playing in the distance but they barely heard it over how loud everyone was talking to each other.
Steve grabbed his chest as it felt tight suddenly.  He rushed over to the kitchen counter to take his medicine.  When he was calmed down he wrote to Bucky, “Please don’t, Buck.”
Steve had asked Tony to be rough with him and he was trying to, but ultimately he couldn’t fully commit.  As soon as Tony would take hold of his throat to choke him, (like he was asked to) he would loosen his grip gradually until he wasn’t even trying anymore.
He started to think about what he could say to his superior when he called in.  There was no way he was going to work today.
This never happened to him.  Tony would blow him sometimes but honestly had never committed to eating him out before.  He said he would have to be celebrating a very special occasion.
“I don’t care about them.” groaned Marco, “They labeled me the black sheep for being queer a long time ago.”
“So this all happened LAST NIGHT?  Jesus, Bucky.” Steve sighed sadly and shook his head, “I’m so sorry.”
The package was yanked out of Tony’s hand and tossed aside into the living room, as were his keys.  Frank frisked him, took off Tony’s coat, and pulled out his phone.  He proceeded to drop it, stomp on it with his steel toed boots, and throw it’s crushed carcass into the fireplace.  He forced Tony to sit in a dining chair and pulled out handcuffs.  Tony’s arms were pinned behind his back and locked.
Biting his lip in thought for a minute, Bucky said, “Okay, but for real though I will pay for the two flat screens.”
“I knew that was going to come up.” chuckled Tony, looking toward the hall to make sure they weren’t coming.  “He’s not off the hook, alright?  For right now a few things have been put into perspective for me.”
He was attempting to look at Tony as he spoke “I also...needed to go to therapy because I needed advice, or like, guidance.”
“Hold on a second.” Sam laughed, running in front of him and reaching for Steve’s left hand.  “I didn’t get a call from you and...I don’t see an engagement ring.”
Steve typed “It just sounds like you don’t want me to contact you anymore and you are just telling me your plans before you block me.”
It wasn’t long before Bucky couldn’t take it anymore and rolled Marco over until he was bent over on all fours.  They had rough, vigorous sex that was over pretty quickly but left them both with blinding orgasms.
Tony snickered,  “I support whatever you want to do, my love.”  Steve immediately pulled him into a forward kiss, making out with him and causing his boyfriend to groan a bit under his breath.  Their lips separated and Steve put their foreheads together to say “I love you, Tony.”
A new wave of pain seemed to hit Steve and it showed in his forehead.  “I know, honey.  I am trying to now and I know it’s too late.  I know I waited too long and I shouldn’t have.”  Fresh, fat tears started to fall down his face yet again.  Steve was flinching and waiting to be yelled at or finally told he needs to get the fuck out.
“I can’t believe we made him come in on the 4th of July. That is kind of rude.” Pepper gathers up his phone and tablet. He stows them in his inner jacket pockets. The tablet is a mini and fits rather nicely.
“Now, what’s this all about Anthony?” Jarvis had asked as he set a hot mug of cocoa and a plate of cookies on the table.
Unfortunately the first chapter of this story has been lost. The second chapter is missing as well. So in summary the first chapter Tony found a hooker, said hooker brought Tony back to his place. They had a night together (hot smut), and then as Tony lies on the bed spent he happens to look over to the side table and sees a photograph with the Peggy Carter in it....and suddenly Tony wonders if the long dead Captain America is now in modern day NYC and a hooker. I can't recall the second chapter at all. Sorry - this is all I have.
Even though Tony should be horrified by his alternate self’s fate, he can’t get the broken sound of Steve calling for him, begging them not to do it, praying for Tony’s life. He knows how much they meant to one another. Hand in glove. They were different but made to fit to one another. He doesn’t have to query Richards again about it, because he knows his answer. In whatever universe Tony Stark and Steve Rogers exist, they are together like the Earth and the Moon, endlessly circling each other – tugging and pulling on one another. One without the other cannot exist. They were made for one another. There’s no denying it.
His enthusiasm reeks of over the top and Tony side eyes Steve as he tries to figure out what’s really going on. “Well, still no can do. It’s not like I brought the correct clothes to go sledding.”
He nods and notices some of the most personal pieces from the Richards’ home have been removed and replaced with worked iron and gadgets of varying size and questionable functions. Some of them whirl and spin with a madness that Steve cannot figure. He enters the kitchen and the wonderful smells hit him first before he sees the lovely work counter filled with breads, cheeses, eggs, and bacon. There’s a fresh pot of coffee and a kettle boils on the stove.
“You’re just tired,” Pepper says. She’s sweet to say so; she always trying to keep a positive attitude. “You said it yourself somedays when you push too much the interface goes wonky.”
Tony wants to grumble and complain but he finds himself relaxing further as Steve’s fingers massage his scalp. He’s tender in his touch and part of Tony wishes, as a blind man, that he had such talented fingers. He’s always been too busy, too fast, too eager to consume to be so quiet and gentle with anything. The pain may not go away completely, but the rhythm of Steve’s touch lulls Tony.
“We get so little time to be together.” Steve nuzzled into Tony’s hair, kissing the crown of his head. “I know that vampire covens don’t support the idea of love with Mated Pairs. I get that. I understand why.” He shuddered around Tony. “But when everything happened with Ross and Pierce, all I could think of was you. What if they got to you, what would I do? I couldn’t stand to think of you gone or mutilated.”
Isolate Steve, the words send chills up Tony’s spine. Logan’s on his feet about to pounce, but Tony puts his hand up like a shield. “Not isolate our Steve, isolate the other Steve – the one in the singularity.”
It hits him then as he’s washing – the team. Cap is kicking him off the team. That’s it. Makes perfect sense. Luke’s cry of anguish – probably something that Steve dreads from Tony. It all ties together. The team meeting had been set up to support Cap’s decision, to stop Tony from arguing and protesting. He leans against the wall. It’s cold stone tile and he wants to cry but nothing will come – he’s torn up so much inside that he’s dried out and dead. He shivers even in the warm water.
She didn’t have a chance to explain as the elevator doors opened to another group of agents. The V-Corps were ready for them this time, though. One of them rolled a metallic ball out of the elevator. “Grenade!” Clint yelled.
“Many things are possible, Tony, humans just ignore the best ones,” Steve says and the burning sensation he felt fades.
Finally, they get to the ultimate confrontation between Luke and Darth Vader. It’s nail biting and Steve chews on his cuticles as Luke tries to hit away the large equipment that Vader throws at him. Then it’s the moment, it’s almost there and Tony watches as Steve jolts up in his seat at the words,
“So, come have some wine with me. Then we can spend some time in the presentation suite, getting a little tension out.” Tony opens the door to his room, and Steven crosses the threshold. When he does he gets a little less informal and a lot more stressed.  “What is it?”
“Steve, come on. What’s going on?” When Steve shifts to leave, to escape his grasp, Tony stands up and stays planted in front of him, blocking his route to freedom. “What’s happening? Should I call Logan? Is there something you’re not telling me?”
“Please,” Steve said and had no idea what he was asking for, begging for from his friend. Understanding, patience? He didn’t know, but the idea of losing Bucky tightened his throat and when he looked around the apartment it narrowed, the walls closed in. Tony, still sleeping beside him, faded and became ghostlike next to him.
Steve arrived shortly after they made their plans to network over the globe to all the covens, not just the ones in the United States. Ross had a ton of influence throughout most of the Western world and some pull in the East as well. They needed to know who would support the United States’ movement and who would not. A new division of nations on how to deal with vampires grew as the conservative United States led the way towards stricter and stronger controls on the vampire community.  With this new development, the allure of immortality would shift the tide against vampires. There would be no safe harbor.
“Great, great.” He feels bad that he can’t muster anymore enthusiasm, but he needs something other than cold pizza in his gut and disgustingly strong coffee. “I’ll be back.”
Pep sits to his left, though she waves off the servant offering her breakfast. “We have the main meeting with the group of alphas this morning. I’m still trying to set up a separate meeting with Natalia but I doubt the schedule will allow it before the late morning conference.  She and her omega will be here. I think she might be bringing her Fleet Master, too. Though I’m not sure.”
“No, I think I have enough of the basic game down,” Steve replies and then goes to the bathroom to comb his hair and check if he needs a refresher for his makeup. When he checks out his face and neck, it looks good. “Time to go.” He inhales, holds it for four, and then slowly exhales. “Remember this is a job and nothing more.”
“Well, your duty is to punish him for that transgression,” Ross said. “Remember our investigations into the serum require it to be activated. The scientists and researchers studying the problem theorize that causing injury will elicit the required response.”
Steve stared down at his hands, grasped together. “No, not ever.” He doesn’t look up as he explains, as the blood of years, of pain comes flooding back. “He couldn’t knot. What they did to Bucky – when they experimented on him – caused his biology to split. Today they probably have a better explanation, I don’t know. He was a beta, but with only a vestigial gland and no ability to really knot. His body didn’t have the capability.” He releases his hands to play with the pulse-ox meter. “He couldn’t knot me. He tried.” Steve heaves in a shaky breath. “It was terrible. You read the reports. He used what he could but he wasn’t sane. Not that first time when we didn’t know what was happening.”
Steve got up from the bed and winked. “Yeah hooey. Like I can go out in the sun. I don’t have any powers. I’m just me.” He shrugged. “Well, me with serum.”
Even though the civilians were only decoys – electronic signatures created by JARVIS – it still bothered Steve to hear the report. He never wanted civilians to be in the line of fire. “Copy that,” Steve answered. “Go!”
Steve beams at him. “I know what happened, what we just confessed to one another is game changing, but Tony I am so glad you see me as someone you want to protect like I see you.”
She glares at Steve and he tries to suppress his smile but can’t. Tony’s done everything he promised her. The work with Pym holds promise not only for visually impaired people, but also hearing impaired like her brother. The nanotechnology could even solve the issue of paralysis. She’s only using her forum as a means to keep the crowd revved up and attuned to her. He knows it and so does she. He quirks a brow at her and then with a hand to Tony’s back turns to enter the clinic.
Steve nodded and then crossed his arms. “I’m being assigned to the DC office of SHIELD. The Triskelion.”
Sam gave a short nod. “Okay, I got that. What’s going on, Steve?” The intentional use of his name helped Steve recognize that Sam took his words to heart.
Over the next weeks, the presents of the paparazzi buzzes around him like a swarm of insects, locusts ready to feed on any morsel of information. Steve never gets used to it, but he does manage it better. The first time he handled it poorly and the whole of his yelling at the photographers splashed across twitter, Buzzfeed, and even Variety news outlets. He learned from that and now he simply puts on a pair of sunglasses, a hoodie, and walks as fast as he can to get away from them.
“Oh,” Tony says. He wants to say – when did we start counting? The day Steve returned to the Tower? The next day? When they went out the first time. Tony clamps his mouth shut.
His son, Tony Stark was brilliant, cunning, and bloodthirsty. He grew to the age of twenty five and stopped aging. At the age of seventeen he ordered the assassination of his father. Howard Stark died in a fire along with Maria Stark – a mistake that haunts Tony Stark to this day. Tony killed the assassin and drank him dry.
He squeezed his eyes closed, trying not to imagine how they died. It was hard enough with an accident; murder was a whole different story. With his eyes closed he thought about their deaths, how it must have been, and then through the chords of the pack – a distant pain sounded. A pain so bright and singular it startled him. The purity of the sorrow and the loss of something – the loss of self – dug into him and hollowed out his bones.
The doctor chuckles in a low, almost self-deprecating manner. “Not long, according to your friends. But your deputy, Barnes, sent a telegram about a blacksmith.”
“Yes.” There’s an unspoken question. Would Steve say yes if he wasn’t compelled by the contract.  “Yes. I would love to see it with you.”
“This way.” Clint invites him in then goes through an elaborate scheme to lock down the brothel. “Never be too sure.”
Staring out at the lush, dense rainforest, Steve appreciates the complexity, the beauty of an ecosystem layered and intertwined. He could live forever discovering its wonder and its exquisiteness. If only.
Tony runs a hand down his face and stretches. The hard ground is one thing to wake up to, but it’s a different story to be in the embrace of a wild beast. Blu is hardly that, though. Tony should have guessed it. All the time in their cave, Blu never really tried to attack them even though he was beaten and abused, starved and chained. Something happened to this lion and although he cannot speak, the depths of his gaze shudders through Tony’s outer wall resolve. He’s never let anyone in, not even Rhodey, not to the core of himself.
“Of course we did with Cho’s cradle and my tinkering, we put together one supped up virtual reality interface.” Tony shifts away and Steve feels a loss he cannot parse. “Can you stand? I’d like to get out of the open, since we don’t exactly know where we are.”
There were books at home. So many books, but his father forbade him from going into the mansion’s library. The library was for grown men, not Tony. Tony needed to stay clear of it. The public library became Tony’s haven. With his card and his little stuffed lion, Tony trotted next to Jarvis and Ana as they walked to the library. He would find out everything he wanted to know about Blu the Lion.
He might slam the door to the bath a little harder than necessary. Reaching up, Steve hooks the hanger to the back to the door and unzips the bag, then staggers back. He tears open the garment bag and stares, stunned at the uniform. It’s a full fledged Stark Fleet uniform – a dark red maroon color with a gold star crested on the chest. Several gold stripes radiate from the star and the pants have black stripes down the side. It’s gorgeous and he has no idea if it will even fit. Steve digs for the zipper and finds that it’s some kind of strange nanite that peels open as his fingers brush over the sides of the suit. It falls into his arms and he clutches it to his chest. The idea of being officially part of the Stark Fleet, part of the Stark faction thrills him and steals his breath. Steve needs to calm down or he’s going to need extra meds to control his gasping. No one has ever wanted him like this before, not on Brooklyn, not in the Brothel.
She clears her throat and says, “Steve, please stand next to Mister Stark. You’ll need to learn how to help him navigate through crowds of people without actually giving anything away.”
The electrical shock raced over the armor, slamming into the arc reactor and lighting it as if it were kerosene to a fire. “Jesus!” Tony cried out as his head contorted backward and the unibeam charged. “Can’t stop!”
The SUVs surrounded them. There was nowhere to go. He couldn’t leave Tony. The V-Corps agents got out of the vehicles, weapons at the ready. “Out of the car. Now!”
But it doesn’t matter. Steve talks and Tony shifts, slowly waking, and moves to turns his head towards him – like he always does as he rouses from sleeping.
Steve rolls his eyes. To be so happily unaware of human dynamics and prejudices. “Thanks, JARVIS.” He taps his implant to finish the playback.
“You know a lot of places,” Steve replied. He considered her as he unwound the tape on his hands. They were brutally ugly, bloody with knuckles torn looking more like he’d fought a meat grinder.
“What the hell?” He knocks the door open, but it hits the toilet. His fears are unfounded. Steve’s still in there. But he’s bent over in the shower on his knees, the plastic curtain plastered to him, the water raining down on him.  “Damn it. Steve?”
Bucky paused at being given someone’s genuine approval.  “Anyway, things were going great.  I bought a car and her and I had a place together.   Then she started to control me.  Madison treated me like shit.  She was always telling me what to do and where to go, what to wear.  She yelled at me in front of people.  Then I started venting to her brother.  Then her brother started comforting me...by fucking me.”
Steve rolled his eyes, “What do you think?  I’m not good at letting things go and you only want people who are unavailable.”
Tony pouted at the worried look on his boyfriend's face "Baby, I have said time and time again. Money is not a problem. My stock has skyrocketed, my investors are doubling every day. I didn't tell you this because I didn't know if it would change but...I'm officially worth 30 billion dollars right now."
“Did you order the Chinese food?” Carol asked her boyfriend, “I’m so hungry.”  She joined her man on the loveseat and kissed his cheek.
“It was caused by flashbacks of our time overseas...they put me in HR so that I wouldn’t be around people as much.  I’ve been doing yoga and going to group therapy with Sam.  That helps.”
Looking at him through the window into the kitchen with puffy glazed eyes, Steve took another big sip of scotch.  “It’s because of Tony.”
Tony raised his own glass of wine and held it toward Steve’s happily, “I love you.  Happy Anniversary.  Cheers.”
“I’ll make something up.  My oldest friend is in town.” he said happily, getting a smile back.  Steve hurried to his office and laid the package on his desk to open later then went to his own bedroom to change out of his army uniform.
“I’ll be over to see you soon as you give me the green light, okay?” Natasha told him, “Let me know if you need anything.  Like...do you want me to talk to Bucky for you?”
Tony listened, nodding slightly and giving him a warm smile.  Steve shifted to lay on his side too and leaned forward to connect their lips.  “Your happiness is what I’m really responsible for.  I’m making it my life mission, actually.”
Steve agreed with her and looked down at his phone for a distraction.  He sent an “Thinking about you.  I love you.” text to Tony.
“I’m guessing since you said you were thinking about moving, you aren’t with that girl from Buffalo anymore?” asked Steve, sipping at his coffee.
Sighing, Marco told him “Yeah, after I basically had to kick my uncle’s ass to keep him from running after you, I had betrayed just about everyone in my immediate family.  Mads is a bitch though, James.  She immediately ran to Mom and Dad to throw me under the bus and the only reason she was with you was to eventually get married and make you take care of her.  There was never anything real there.”
Obviously the man had only woken up to eat the entire medium pie and pass out again.  Bucky still had a few hours to rest.
Steve looked over at his friend, confused.  He saw Sam's delighted expression, “Do I think he’s what?”
"Hi Steve." She smiled as he came in to sit next to her. The movers were taking a few minutes to unload the boxes.
Bucky sighed and rolled his eyes, “I suggested we HAVE this conversation.  I’m not afraid to say it.”
Pepper pulled out her phone, “She’s already in my emails.  I have about 250 new emails since this morning by the way.  Do you guys need anything else while I’m here?”
They stared at each other’s shirtless bodies for a minute, both trying to decide what to say.  (As if saying anything would help at all.)
“Can’t you love two people at one time?” breathed Steve, almost sounding like he didn’t believe what was coming out of his own mouth.
Holding him closer, Steve nodded against the side of his head, “Yes, you handled it very well.  You’re right for not telling him where you are.”
Steve shrugged, “I understand.  It has been a while since we’ve spent some quality time together.  We’ve both been preoccupied.”
Bucky thought to himself for a second.  She totally was playing dumb about this whole thing.  “I’m guessing since you’re his best friend, Steve told you what happened.” said his text.
“Cool.  So, right now I need to get my stuff out of my car and then maybe we could get something to eat.  I’m dying for some good galbitang.”  Bucky swooned thinking about the Korean beef rib soup.
"What’s up?" Asked Steve curiously with a mouthful of food.  Suddenly the brunette man hugged him tight around his shoulders.
They finished their breakfast in silence.  Steve stood and took the other man’s garbage to throw it away.  When he took his place back on the sofa, Tony started speaking to him as if they were continuing a conversation from earlier.
Bucky looked up from his menu sheepishly, “I mean...didn’t want to stay in Buffalo, that’s for sure.”
The brunette man faced him as well, “I’m sorry.  I’m finally being honest at least.  What do you want from me?”
“Friends!  I know!” interrupted Tony, “How is going to make any if you just stay with him at your place all the time?  Don’t I distinctly remember having dinner with the two of you not that long ago and you both agreed that he makes friends easily?  What happened to that?”
“For what?  Why do you need to do that?” asked Bucky, annoyed, shoving both hands into the front pocket of his hoodie.  “To comfort me?  We fucked up because we were BOTH being selfish.  Neither of us deserve to be supported or coddled.”
Bucky dropped the phone on the coffee table to decide how to respond.  He wants to make sure Steve isn’t delusional but doesn’t want him to feel like he is being berated.  There was still a need to be bluntly honest.
The brunette man quickly took off his shoes and coat, “I did alright.  I just couldn’t stop thinking about you.”
Tony still seemed upset like he could be doing more.  “I’m still going to get lawyers.  I will not let you be wrongfully victimized.”
"Baby, you better fist my cock tighter." Tony whimpered out. Trying to sound tougher, he said, "I want it to feel like that magnificent hole of yours."
Biting his lip, Steve looked away as he felt distant tears coming.  Tony would probably be home at least in the next hour.  He couldn’t break down again.  It just started to seem like Steve was making progress.
“Only if you make it difficult to speak to you.  I hope you and Tony work things out.  I am going to start paying Tony back in the next month.  You tell him that I will call him.  I got to go to bed now.  Goodnight.”
Steve made them both herbal tea and put on some old rock music they used to play when they were teenagers.  They started to reminisce about what they used to do back then.
"You take care of me more often." admitted Bucky, "I'm a bigger mess than you. That wouldn't have been fair. I didn't know what to do with myself then. Let's face it, I don't really know what I want to do with my life now either."
Some nights they’d make love, some they’d watch TV, go out to dinner or an art gallery, or dance together to an old record in the living room.  Occasionally on Tony’s lunch breaks, the men would meet up at a restaurant or the park .  It was imperative to Steve that he did whatever Tony wanted, letting him call the shots and keep him happy.
“Look,” sighed Steve, keeping his voice pleasant, “you knew he was going to come back.  He is my boyfriend.  We missed each other.”
“Oh, but-” Pepper started to say, getting him to turn back to her, “his first appointment is in about an hour.  Could you remind him?”
“We’re having lunch now and Buck and I were going to go job hunting.” said Steve, looking up at his friend for approval.
Steve nods and tries to climb the steps but fails and falls back down to his butt.  Natasha shushes him and steadies his body, “Just wait until you’re not dizzy.  You’re going to be here a minute.”
“Actually, I never thought of that.  Sounds fun!”  He immediately pulled out his phone and began applying to every location in the city.
Pulling back to make eye contact, Tony told him “I know, it’s okay.  Just please come stay with me one night this week.  I’ll miss you too much.”  He slid his hands down the back of Steve's pants to cup his ass.
“It was just because you were partying with me.” Bucky told him softly, “It probably just felt like old times.  We had a lot of fun, your intoxicated brain got caught up in the moment.”
Brows pinching together, Bucky said “No, I know spending my free time with Wanda has definitely been the reason you and I haven’t seen each other lately.  I’m already doing it, and that wasn’t intentional, by the way.  I’ll try and make sure that doesn’t happen.”
Both of Bucky’s hands shot forward and rested on the top of his shoulders, making Steve sit up stiffly.
“That’s not why they HONORABLY discharged you.” Steve told him sternly. “You know that.  If you are crazy, I guess I’m crazy too.”
“I will.”  Steve said.  The two men hung up.  Steve leaned on the rail of the balcony and looked down at the people on the street.
Bucky slid over to Steve and leaned his elbow on the bar, “I upgraded your whisky because that guy said he was paying.”
He was sleeping on his stomach in his clothes from the night before.  Forcing his head off the pillow to look up, he saw Steve in a black tank top cooking and making coffee.
“No, not at all.  Just been working and staying here to keep meeting up with Sam and our groups, you know.”
There wasn’t a chance to give a response before Bucky used his hand to spread the cheeks in front of him and dive in with his tongue.
Marco kept his hands on the other man’s face, he seemed to be examining him closely.  “We have been chatting this whole time and you never mentioned you’ve been stressed about something.  I can see it in your forehead.  You got worry lines.  Have you been sleeping?”
Knowing he might scream, Steve covered his mouth and grabbed the towel to catch Tony's release, which came suddenly and was quite explosive.
Steve stared at himself in the mirror shirtless for a minute.  “Stop doing this to yourself.  He needed to put himself out there.” he whispered to himself.  Reaching into his pants pocket, Steve pulled out his phone and sent a text to Bucky.
Although Steve and Tony had gotten most of their things from the penthouse in order to live, they had to stay at the hotel until their place was cleaned by professional crime scene cleaners.  Parts of the walls had to be renovated due to being shot up.
“He’s an old friend.” shrugged Tony, “I have a few old friends I drop in on when I have problems.  That’s totally normal.  It was just taken too far.”
Steve whimpered and looked up at him. He was starting to sober up a little and contemplated going against Natasha's suggestion.  He tries to say he has something to tell Tony, but the words came out as slurred nonsense.
Steve’s chest clenched.  His stomach hurt.  He mentally said goodbye to that loving expression Tony was giving him.
When they finished eating, Steve emptied the last of the bottle of wine into his glass, waiting for the big question to come.
This is truly what his boyfriend wanted and Tony wasn't going to drop out and have a tiff just before he took a big trip.
When Bucky got home, Steve was asleep on the couch with Parks and Recreation autoplaying on the TV.  He ate a quick sandwich and turned everything off but the dim hallway lights.
Getting up from the bench, Steve walked the long way to their new house.  The place was modern, with cameras everywhere and a gated driveway.  (Tony insisted.)  There was also a security guard for the neighborhood.  Tony paid him out of pocket.
They got up and brushed their teeth together.  Bucky stripped to his boxer briefs and the two men cuddled up under Steve’s blankets.
Backing up to stand next to Tony, Steve kept the gun steady.  He gazed down at his boyfriend, “Do you need me to find some gauze?”
Starting to eat, Tony glanced at his boyfriend wearing the sweater he’d given Steve as a gift their first Christmas.  “Thanks.” he mumbled around the food in his mouth.
Bucky had just become an amputee and had a rocky road ahead of him. There was a rough one in front of Steve too, but them belonging together was one thing he thought he knew for sure.
Truth be told, he tossed and turned all night, staring at Tony’s sleeping face in the glow of the hazy blue led light that was above their bed.  Steve felt a little nauseous as he watched his boyfriend sleep, wondering if he even deserved the amazing person in bed with him.  So trusting, so loving…what the hell had he done?
Bucky woke up the next afternoon (around 5pm), feeling a little groggy.  He shuffled out of his room shirtless in a pair of pajama pants, heading to the kitchen to make some coffee.
Steve bent down to pick up his packing and got the keys out of his pocket to unlock the door, “Yeah, come on.”
When Tony was free, he kept his arms stiff from the pain.  Steve sat down the gun to carefully and quickly take off the jacket and shirt to his suit.  Tony was left in a bloody white t-shirt, hissing and whimpering.  “It was a through and through, I think.” said Steve as he examined the wound.  He ripped the towel in his hand to tie it around Tony’s arm.  “Here, put pressure.”
“I lost both of my parents to cancer within a year of each other.  I was raised by my grandmother.” said Natasha.
for once.  The mean little pains in his chest would never let the loving bubbly feelings last long.  It was always there, lurking.
“Nah, he’s got to work tonight.” he replied immediately, feeling his stomach quiver again before taking off in a hired car.
Tony nodded, sipping his own drink happily, “You can’t drink and look like you need one.”  Steve giggled and sat next to his boyfriend, whispering a thank you into his ear.  “It’s over now,” Tony said to Bucky, “don’t you feel a little better?  I feel like I do.”
He sent his friend a text while he was riding in the hired car, but he received no response.  Bucky must just need some space right now.
“What do you want for breakfast, my love?  I got to go in by 9.”  Tony said, smirking lovingly up at him.
Steve kept up appearances through the evening, but as soon as his friends were gone he locked himself in the master bath to cry.  He stared at his phone, at pictures of him and Bucky, at their past text messages.
James Buchanon Barnes had a harder time than Steve after the war and after he became an amputee.  He was an alcoholic, moved around a lot, and constantly was facing eviction or changing phone numbers so he couldn’t be tracked by creditors.  He just couldn’t find anything in life that could stick.
“Why not?  Are you sure there’s not  something between the two of you…” Scott said, looking toward the kitchen, “blossoming?”
A little while later, in spring, Steve and Tony finally had their housewarming party.  It was a nice gathering of about 35 people, therefore Steve was able to prepare all the food and alcohol himself.  Everyone was in semi formal outfits and the impressive stereo system throughout their house was able to fill the entire place with some upbeat piano music
Bucky stretched his arms over his head and nodded, “Definitely.  I’m actually hungry again.  I work out 6 days a week so I eat a lot...”
"Yeah I know. I could barely get a lunch date squeezed in tomorrow before you guys leave." Steve chuckled, "He still worked out today, huh?"
A single tear fell down Steve’s cheek as Bucky got up from the bar to clean his plate in the sink.  He finished his food silently, watching Bucky go to the front door wordlessly and put on his shoes.
“That’s really,” Tony paused, putting his good arm around Steve’s neck, “sweet, actually.”  Steve shrugged, “I just wanted to put my art degree to use.  Plus kids listen better than drunk adults.”
After a search of Frank’s home, the police established that he’d been stalking Steve for some time.  He had many pictures of Steve taken without his knowledge.  Frank had been combing over the details of Steve’s life trying to find any way to ruin it.
Steve shoots out a hand and fists the front of Tony’s shirt, dragging him forward to press their lips together in a bruising kiss. It takes Tony a few seconds to react, but when he does, he melts into the kiss, bringing his hands up to cradle Steve’s face between them.
“Well, we still have to thank this little guy for coming into their lives in the first place. And JARVIS, for operating the doors and elevators, and messing with Tony’s security feed.”
Shaking his head from these distracting thoughts, Steve opens his sketchbook to the first few pages, presenting Tony with his initial sketches of Dodger. Tony stares at them in awe, the occasional comment of praise leaving his lips, making Steve blush. This is personal, and it was time that he shared this part of himself with Tony.
Both Sam and Steve turned to the direction the voice came from and saw Rhodey and Bucky walking towards them.
I'll probably have Tony up and Steve interacting with him in the next chapter lol. I hope so anyway. I don't know if I'll be able to update as fast though since I'll be traveling to Peru on Wednesday and I have an assignment due for class when I come back. I'll bring my tablet tho so I'll try to write a few paragraphs here and there.
Steve shakes his head at that last comment and takes the elevator down to Tony’s lab. He puts in his access code and the automatic doors slide open—and a tennis ball hits him square on the head.
“Mmm. Yeah, you’re right,” Steve looks into Tony’s beautiful eyes. “Although, I think you fit perfectly right here.”
“Yes! I’m sure you’re relieved to hear the good news. I hope that nothing has changed with your decision to keep him?”
he said as he lifted his arm so she could get closer to embrace him and extended his hand towards Pepper, who tried to compose herself but failed as a few tears trailed down her face. “Pep, it’s okay,” he said as he waited for her to grasp his own hand.
As Pepper spoke on the phone with Happy, Steve took a moment to contemplate the conversation that they were having just now, and wondered just
Steve seethes in anger. The crowd continues to look on and cameras are still flashing and recording. He knows he needs to reign it in, or it'll be an Avengers PR disaster with a headline more or less saying “Captain America’s Anger Management Problem?!”. He can already imagine the teasing jeers from his teammates. He’ll probably never hear the end of it from Tony, Clint, and Natasha. He might even get a call from SHIELD, and Nick Fury is the last person he’ll want to defend his actions to.
Once the elevator reaches the communal floor he startles slightly at the sight of Tony inside it, tapping away on his phone. Steve clears his throat since Tony hasn’t made a move to leave the elevator. This seems to bring the brunette back to earth as he sharply glances up into Steve’s direction.
Tony becomes excited when he sees that Steve had drawn his bots along with Dodger. Tony points at a particular drawing of Dodger and DUM-E playing a game of tug-of-war, or what was close to one, laughingly saying, “Oh my god, this is gold! We need to frame that. They’re so competitive.”
Uncertainty curls in the pit of Steve’s stomach, but he still brings himself to ask, “Tony, who is it?”
Dodger tilts his head and looks at the bed but makes no move to get into it. Steve sighs. He could keep this up, but he’s just too exhausted.
Dodger, a dog, has outsmarted Steve, a master tactician and Tony, a literal genius. They thought the first occurrence was a cosmic fluke, but Dodger keeps proving them wrong, again and again.
Steve said innocently “Well, yeah.  Just for a little while.  You got that thing with Rhodey tomorrow and I’ll keep in contact with you.”
“No, it’s not from me.” said Bucky, he pointed over his shoulder, “Guy with the hipster beard with the green coat over there paid for ‘em.  He asked me to ask Nat to come ‘say hi’.”
“No no no, my love.  He’s no problem.  I can handle myself.  Me and Scott’s dynamic is kinda fun.” she laughed, “But really, do you want to watch something else?  Do you even
Steve didn’t even notice it was there until it moved.  The car started down the street and the back window rolled up.
“Well, you two have been together for about what, a couple years?  That’s usually what happens around that time.  I don’t think gender roles matter anymore when it comes to proposals anyway.  When either of you feels it’s the right time, just go for it.”
Eventually they got hungry and Natasha suggested they order Korean food for delivery.  Bucky is enthused and calls up his favorite place right away.
“Thanks.  Hope things go well for you and Tony.  Just do what you have to and earn back his trust.  I need to soon, myself.  We just can’t get together any time soon.”
“Well, awesome!  I could tell you where to look for a place and where to apply for jobs.  What d’you think you’d like to do?  There are plenty of restaurants and coffee shops and stuff.”
“You don’t have a problem with the fact that it’s your friend I’ve decided to see,” he squinted, “right?”
“Do whatever you feel like we need to.  I just have thought about quitting the army for a while now.”
“Nat, it’s okay.  This wasn’t your fault, that guy was crazy.” Steve said.  Tony didn’t look shocked that the press got a hold of this.  He shook his head at what he saw.  Pepper was not going to be happy when she got there.  The pain medicine was making Tony seem apathetic about the publicity aspect of it.
Tony crawled over him to rub their dicks together but Steve overpowered him and rolled them around so he was on top.
Tony scoffed and set down the bags on the empty counter next t o Bucky, “No way.  You guys sit at the table.  I’ll plate this stuff myself.  You got to have the right portions of each dish.”
“I was just calling to see what you two were doing since I should meet you, Bucky.  Also I miss my boyfriend.” came Tony’s voice, “Could I stop by?”
The next morning, Steve immediately called into work saying he hadn’t been this sick in a long time, which was true.  He had to puke a few more times after he hung up.  Tony gave him fluids and made them both bacon egg sandwiches that they ate in bed.
“Fuck Steve,” she huffed, “I barely even knew who that guy was.  He was so quiet.  Now he’s all over the news.  I didn’t even realize I was friends with him on Facebook.  He probably got to know about you from my posts.  I’m so sorry.  I’ll stop posting and tagging so much.”
“I guess?  I have a car and everything I own in 2 suitcases in the back of it.  I guess I was thinking about moving back here.  I don’t know.”
Bucky had been doing well most days when he had something to occupy his time.  Every time he slowed down, he felt lonely and lost.  There was a smidge of guilt in the back of his mind for being so rude to Steve in his texts.  He would always find himself thinking about Steve all day every time he received one.
While his friend was out bartending, Steve got some packing done and made some digital art on his tablet.  He fell asleep in front of the TV again in the living room.
“I remember.” sighed Steve, sitting up.  They said their goodbyes to the two women and Steve walked him out.
Clearing his throat, Tony asked “Do you have any long term plans though?  Steve told me you were a bartender, but is there something else you’re passionate about?”
Bucky laughed a little, “I guess not really.  I’m more into baseball.  What would you like to put on?”
Steve mentally told himself to slow down and gently moved the hand away that was fondling him.  “You better stop before we have to cancel the reservation.” he warned playfully.
“I know, but this is like a bachelor pad...it’s not for us to nest.” said Tony, looking out the large windows at the view of the city lights twinkling in the night sky, “I will never get a return for this place, and apparently it’s not as safe as we thought.  So maybe I should just ask bare minimum for it, let some single guy with an entrance corporate job have it.”
Tony nodded and said “Alright.  See you later.”  Unsure of himself, he kissed Steve’s cheek before leaving.
“Of course.” said the blonde man, putting the robes on the bathroom counter.  He came back over to Tony and kissed his temple.  “I’ll try to pretend this is just to be romantic, not because of a flesh wound.”
Tony leaned up to kiss the taller man, then moved down to leave open mouth kisses on his neck a few times.
“He stayed with me for like a week, not 6.  Eventually, living rent free like that looks like he is taking advantage of you.” he said kind of cocky, insinuating Steve was being naive.
Steve had started drinking water for the past hour so he was in a nice mellow middle ground where he would be completely sober soon.
Rhodey sat on the adjacent loveseat next to Tony and patted his knee.  Tony put on soft jazz from the state of the art wall speakers for background noise.
Pretty soon after, Marco goes to take off, saying he should probably go and get more long term housing arrangements.  Of course, the man had to pull Bucky into another hot kiss that he would feel on his lips the rest of the night.
Steve kept his calm demeanor and kept his voice as gentle as possible, "Even though you showed up at my place right after that?  You said you had nowhere to stay."
“You.” said Bucky flatly.  “I’m not saying I do that often either.  I probably should have been more careful.  So I’M sorry.”
“Yeah...since you’re back, I was thinking I could get the truck back over to my place and move the rest of my stuff.” Steve told him since there was only a truck load left.  The boxes he had brought over already were upstairs in Tony’s lab, waiting to be unpacked.
“No you did NOT!” Steve yelled.  Both of them broke into cackles.  It was just like old times.  Steve shoved his friend’s shoulder playfully, making the brunette man fall backward a little.
“I can mention to Bucky that he needs to find a new place.” said Steve, kind of sounding embarrassed.
Steve managed to say yes as he coughed. The reality of the situation was that he had put away an entire bottle of champagne since he ordered bellinis all night, plus 6 whiskey shots.  He probably wouldn't be leaving the bed the next day.
With closed eyes, Steve let his mind drift to his future decorating projects in the apartment he was itching to start on.  The sound of Tony’s voice drifting over the rushing water sounds.  “Baby face,” he called in adoration.
Steve’s eyes glossed over, “I am sorry for that as well Buck...I love you, I don’t want us to drift apart again."
It had been a few days since Natasha had told him about what happened with Steve and Tony.  Now he was having dreams about getting Steve killed in Pakistan.  Even though he knew that didn’t happen, the dreams seemed so real and it always played out as if Bucky couldn’t help his friend who was pleading just within his grasp.
Bucky came over to join him on the couch and pushed back Steve’s hair, “I’m about to get cleaned up for bed.”  He waited timidly after that statement to see if Steve still was okay with them sharing a bed.
“After I have a reputation of what I did to your sister...what’s left for me there, Marco?” sighed Bucky.
“Goodnight.” came Bucky’s voice against the back of Steve’s neck, his arms encircling the blonde man’s waist.
The older man was staring blankly ahead.  It was taking him a minute to absorb all the information he was given.  Mostly Tony started to feel the betrayal, and hurt but mostly stupid for not noticing anything before.
Tony puts his fingers on Steve’s warm lips. “Very interested, sweetest. Very interested. If that’s what you want, I need to go and get some supplies. Can you wait here?”
She smiles and shakes her head. “I’m not sure. Other than things are different. You’re different. Maybe it’s your final acceptance of your Family role and your position as alpha prime. You’re working through how you’re going to hold this position at the same time you’re trying to establish your right to the High Alpha Chair. We’re all affected by it. It’s – it’s different, Tony.”
“We’ll take care of him, don’t you worry,” Steve says and thinks taking care of Tony will also be an indirect way of protecting the duchess as well. He can’t ask for more in his line of work.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “But you think you can use virtual reality to stop him, erase him.” He hated using the pronoun him. It wasn’t a him or a her or anything in between. It was a demon.
“Whether you like it or not, it doesn’t matter. This is me.” Steve shrugged. He looked behind him into the darkness where his mother’s deathbed had disappeared. “Even when I had nothing, I had Bucky. He helped me survive this. If he hadn’t-.” He didn’t finish. “You know he asked me to live with him. Sleep on the couch, take out his garbage for a few bucks.”
“I told him not to go in there. I told him that the building was compromised and that it could collapse at any minute, but did he listen to me? No!”
“Thank you, Tony,” he murmurs and drifts off into a peaceful sleep surrounded by the two things he loves most in the world.
He might not realize it now, but having Tony around, even after all of the arguments, was what gave him hope.
He looks back at Tony and sees the same sadness reflected in his eyes. There are lots of things that Steve wants to say to him before they go, things that he thinks he’s ready to admit. But instead, he nods and says, "I’ll see you up there.”
Crinkles form at the edge of Tony’s eyes as he smiles deeply at Steve, and Steve returns that smile with full force. That is, until Tony’s smile freezes and a curious look appears on his face, realization hitting him.
“Okay.” She gave her father a kiss on the cheek. “Let’s go, Uncle Happy!” she said as she made her way out of the room. Happy laughed, turned towards Tony and Pepper to give them a thumbs-up, and followed Morgan out of the room.
Nonetheless, Pepper took pity on him and said, “Sure, Cap. Let’s go.” And together, they made their way to the elevators.
Steve and Pepper got up and moved to the side to make room for Dr. Palmer as she jogged up to reach them. She leaned over Tony to quickly assess his condition and said with urgency, “Okay, we need to get him on the stretcher. Now.”
A silence fell between the four men as they looked at one another, and then all eyes were trained on both Bucky and Rhodey, as the dorky reference suddenly dawned on them. Bucky and Rhodey both glanced at each other and assessed the other before they both turned back to Sam to say, “Never again.”
Steve would have never thought that there would have been a chance that he and Tony would get to where they are now - not after the secrets and the betrayal.
It seemed that no matter what, Dodger would always go to where Tony was. Whether it be the lab, the gym, or the communal floor, Dodger would always appear by Tony’s side, and Steve… Steve found himself spending more time with Tony than he ever had before.
The sound of knocking brought Pepper’s attention to the door. The door opened to reveal Happy Hogan and her daughter, Morgan, trailing behind him. Pepper tried to steel her features and tried to put on a brave and welcoming face for her daughter.
They even go out to lunch together. Sometimes they bring Dodger along with them to pet-friendly restaurants.
“You guys could...” Tony begins hesitantly, looking at them with an indiscernible expression “just stay the night? I mean, it’s not really a big deal and there’s plenty of room for the three of us.”
They manage to rescue all of the civilians, but Steve wants to make sure that the building is clear. He rushes back in through the billowing black smoke and scorching heat, debris and pieces of rubble falling around him.
As they made their way over, Steve could hear Peter speaking to Tony. Tony hadn’t moved at all after he collapsed. He just stared on as Peter whimpered, “... we won. Mr. Stark? Y-You did it, Mr. Stark… Tony...” He started to cry.
“Sorry,” Steve gives a slight laugh. “It’s just, you barely come out of here unless it’s for food. We usually have to drag you out for team bonding nights. But here comes Dodger and you willingly put everything down to take him outside.”
“I... I want to go see him. Believe me, I do,” Steve admitted, “but I really feel like I’ll just be occupying space. I mean, between his daughter and Pepper, and Parker... I don’t want to intrude.”
Suddenly, the ominous sound of groaning metal comes from above him and Steve looks up just in time to see the ceiling collapsing in on him. He attempts to jump out of the way, but it’s too late. He’s caught underneath it and he feels, what must be, a support beam fall on his back.
Steve didn’t think that they’ve reached the level of friendship they used to have from before everything went downhill, but he felt like the wound had been bandaged over and that they’ve started to rebuild their comradeship and renewed a deep sense of trust. And regardless of all of that, he just wanted Tony to be okay. Losing Tony, too… Steve didn’t know exactly what he would do, but he knew that none of it would have been worth it.
“Yeah, but at a certain point, we didn’t need to use it anymore. He knows his dads,” Natasha smirks. “And, he must have been tired of watching them dance around each other for weeks. I know we were.”
Steve feels his stomach drop. It wasn’t necessarily a secret that he liked both men and women. He had already come to terms with his sexuality a long time ago. He thought about the cold nights while stationed in France during the war, but it wasn’t something that he had ever talked about with anyone. Ever. He was glad that it was more acceptable now than it was back in the ’40s, but this man was a prime example of the homophobia that still existed even in these modern times, and it makes him livid. He can hear growling, but strangely it wasn’t coming from him. He feels it reverberate in his arms as he looks down at the soaking wet animal. The dog has become alert and barks, as if in warning, like he somehow understood how Steve was feeling at this exact moment.
“I think they said that they might be sticking around for a bit. Thor’s going to show them around New Asgard and then circle back to see how Tony’s doing. Either way, they’re not going to take off without Rocket until he and Bruce build a replacement for that time machine.”
Captain America – Steve Rogers – became a hooker, a sex worker in New York City due to a number of reasons. But underneath those reasons stood out the one thing, the most important reason of all. Being a hooker was the one thing he could do to forget and lose himself. He couldn’t get drunk, everyone knew that. That also meant he couldn’t do drugs. He might use the excuse of needing the money to take care of his friends and himself, to keep everything under the radar, but the truth of the matter remained that Captain America wanted to forget. He was as damaged as the people across the hall. He used sex as his drug of choice.
And then Tony shifts. His whole fist slides in and it takes a moment for Steve’s hole to acclimate, but it does and it sends vibrations of hellish need through him. He’s damned because he loves it so much. He’s choking back the throbbing need in his belly, in his groin, in his ass. “’m gonna come.” Tears streak his eyes. Tony didn’t want him to come – not yet. He has to stop it.
He chews on his lower lip. “I did say days. I didn’t want you to get upset. He did things to you Steve – he used you. You thought – you thought I had feelings for you. It made you believe that you were in your happily ever after.”
“You’re not maintaining your Mantra and transference disciplines well. You need to keep that up.” He took to slurping his soup again.
“I don’t see how you’re going to be able to get a functional one here, anyway,” Pep says and shakes out her cape. She looks like a wet bat now. He giggles. She huffs. “Oh, stop it. Are you a toddler?”
The dark Outriders surround him as he pulls his sword free and tightens his hand around his shield. Dozens circle him. He spins on his heels, making sure to jab and parry at the demons. They swipe and hit at him. Some of their claws fall true, ripping his shoulders, slicing at his legs. His chest plate protects him, but he’ going to fall. He knows it. He has but one choice.
“Sorry, big guy, there’s no more.” He finishes off the filet he set aside for himself, but Blu persists. “All that’s left is the head and tail.” Blu hits him with his paw again. “Okay, if you insist. Don’t blame me if you get sick.” He tosses them to Blu who quickly grabs them and chows down much to Tony’s chagrin. “Ew. That is really gross.” Blu huffs and faces away. “Don’t be that way. Come on, now.”
“It has a full face mask. Don’t you want to feel the wind on your face?” Steve gives the helmet to Tony.
“Assess?” Steve said and pawed at Tony. He wanted him, the cords of his soul rang out and jittered with need. “Assess. You, You! Tony Stark wants a moment to assess?”
The box is a large semi-circular room with angled windows to view the action of the game. It’s already in play and the teams float in the bowl of the stadium. Steve inches toward the viewing platform, a tug at his sternum and he feels the click of his boots tighten to the floor. It surprises him.
“I don’t know. Maybe I’m not so in tune with the family assassin,” Tony snapped back and instantly regretted. His emotions concerning Bucky were all over the place, and for once it would be nice if Steve gave him a little breathing room and offer him the space he needed to process.
He had to admit, Steve had come around a bit lately. Since the cabin, he seemed more open to Tony, more willing to accept the fated Beloved bond. But how much and how deep, Tony still didn’t know.  Tony had to get this whole thing, the whole dreamscape farce, out of his head. In a few hours he would be attending a funeral. He surely didn’t need to be pondering the possibilities of wandering around dreamland hoping to fuck Captain America again.
“Yes, I did. I betrayed my wife and children.” He stepped partially into the light. His face wrecked and his eyes red from tears. “You don’t know how it was after the wars with the vamps. How it tore apart families, how it ravaged countries. A country attacked is one on the defensive, always. Always. It never wants to let its guard down again.” He shook his head. “You could never understand. You don’t have family here. Only a vampire that you let drain you.”
With the shower and the full stomach, Steve fights to stay awake as they go line after line to ensure that the talk to text worked and everything is validated. Once they finish, Tony wants to immediately do the upgrade. “We’re ready.”
Yet, now Estane was a bitter rival. They were never likely to be friends again. He recalls how Steven told him that Estane acted like a father figure and when Tony looks back on it, considers it, he knows the truth of it. Steven warned that Tony couldn’t go soft on him, that he needed to keep his focus and try to remember that Estane would like to strip him of everything – his family, his holdings, his life. Tony still thinks that Steven went too far with that descriptor.
Tony paces the floor, hands on hips. “No. There is. There’s a lot I can do and I’m just not. I don’t want to become my father, but fuck if I’m not damned to do it. Why is it like this? Why do people do this kind of shit.” He rants on, talking as if to the air instead of Steve. “How long are we as a people going to treat each other like commodities instead of precious living beings?” He twists a lock of that beautiful hair so tightly Steve cringes. “I told you I spent time in The Cat’s Run.” He doesn’t wait for Steve to answer, just forges ahead like a train on broken tracks. “Fuck, I saw things there. People doing things to other people for profit. It disgusted me. I nearly fucking died there. And here we are at the most advanced station in the whole of the Conclave, and we can’t get over the class system. At all.” He grumbles, then seems to see Steve for the first time. “Get ready. We’re going shopping.”
Steve cannot refuse, he needs to find Clint but he worries about Bucky. He needs to get on that ranch and find Loki as well- the faster the better. Bucky has been deteriorating at an alarming rate. He barely reaches coherency and lays in a delirium that the doctor cannot alleviate or explain. Natasha, Bruce, and Steve take turns sitting with him, though sometimes Steve has to call in Thor to help out simply because even in his ill state Bucky can be a formidable foe. Luckily, on the third day after Steve sends the telegram to Falcon, Sam Wilson shows up and Steve feels as if a cloud has lifted from his shoulders, and the way ahead clears of fog.
“What the hell?” Tony pulled away from Steve.  “Why the hell would you say that? I realize that SHIELD never tried to help you through your transition, that Nat did most of it. But hell why, why would you say that to me? To your pack members? Why?”
Steve slowly jostles Tony over to the armor and urges him to get in. "Doesn't matter, we don't have time for that now."
“You know I was worried. Worried that you were some spy from the Kree. Then I saw you hanging out with King Odin and I knew. I just knew that you were not from the Kree but from Asgard. I thought for sure you’re their spy, thwarting Tony’s chance to consolidate the entire Conclave under his leadership because Asgard wants the Conclave for itself.”
“Well, the damned universe didn’t think she was that important considering it didn’t even wait until she was in the ground to name a new Guide,” Steve hissed back. The tears threatened again and his voice broke as he spoke. Every part of him screamed in defiance of the universe. Of it wanting to name a new guide, of it pushing these new feelings to the surface. Yet at the same time, he wanted to succumb to it. He shook his head and looked away. “Sorry, sorry.”
“He can,” Bruce said but put his hand up to block Tony’s path. “He’s not conscious. The doctors say he’s in a very deep coma. They can barely get any upper brain function read out.”
“Captain Rogers is on the phone. He seems in some distress. I cannot read much more from the limited sensors I have in the private quarters.”
Steve detected another presence not far from him, but not touching. He reached out only to check and found Tony’s soul a pulse away. Bruce shifted their souls, using their energy to shore up his own as he started to peel back the façade of silence. The dark waters around them lifted away only to reveal the tendrils like vipers thrashing about seeking freedom. This was Clint’s soul, corrupted by the broken bond, trying desperately to set itself free from its link to the mortal realm.
Natasha freezes her features in return. This is their only hand. In a high stakes game of poker, folding isn’t an option on the last hand.
“I’ve never done this before. Not like this. I’ve never had someone special like you before. I’ve never-.”
“Sir, I believe we were making plans to rescue the elusive and non-existent Captain Steven Rogers. Who cannot be related to Captain America, also known as Steven Grant Rogers since he did not leave any known heirs.”
“Seems she’s quieted, we still have to find yours. I think he made it down to the river.” Tony says and bends down to check Steve. “You’ve got a humdinger of a bruise on your face, Sheriff.”
Following his instincts and his memories of the dream place, Steve teased Tony’s entrance only to have him tremble. Steve swallowed one more time before he opened his mouth and let Tony’s cock drop from his lips. Tony huffed and cried out, but he allowed Steve to flip him over and hoist him up onto his knees. In that position, Steve spread Tony’s ass with his hands and then lapped at his entrance, letting his tongue find its way into Tony.
He pushes past Barnes and goes to the single window, staring out at the world that doesn’t know, doesn’t realize how his perception of reality shifted today, a quake of seismic proportions cracked his life in two. The before and the after.
He glances at the omega watching him from the cell. There’s something eerie about the way he regards Tony. “I don’t know. I just have a feeling.”
“Well, the most recent cell I found I think you’ll be interested in,” Fury replied and then nodded to Hill.
“Shush, you don’t have to tell me about body dysphoria Tony. I think I might have invented it.” He lifts Tony’s chin and stares into his eyes, focused, true, and so very earnest. “You’re beautiful to me.”
“What?” he cries out and the vision fades. He’s no longer kneeling but standing in front of Heimdall, his face only inches away from the demigod’s. “You’re telling me the Red Skull, the Red Skull is the one responsible for all this. For Nat’s sacrifice, for the Soul Realm being polluted, for my captivity for 15 years?”
They navigate toward one of the booths in the back. Mid-day, mid-week the deli is busy with Manhattan district workers and inhabitants. It’s a mass of humans in the middle of their day, lost in the mindlessness of daily activity and routines. Before Tony comments, Steve has the menu open and is ordering from a waitress that looks like she’s straight out of the fifties. “And a chocolate milkshake for my boyfriend, extra whip topping and a cherry. No, two cherries please.” He grins at Tony and there’s nothing for it, Tony smiles back.
Tony ignores the Hunter and his last goon. “You know me, Blu. You’re not going to hurt me. I’m here to help you. That’s why I came.”
Steve stands and gently pulls the suit out of her grasp. “We were talking this morning and he mentioned that he doesn’t expect to come home from the war. It’s worrisome. Why would he say something like that?”
He’s dressed in black tie and a tux. “I’ve come on an errand and I cannot believe I’ve been convinced to do a chore such as this one.” He sweeps into the apartment without invitation. His lips curl and he says, “You live here?”
With all the power and force he could muster, Steve captured Iron Man while he twisted around to confront Bucky. “I know who you really are. I
His body fit against Steve’s perfectly. Something about this place, this separate space, made Steve wistful and hopeful at the same time. “Perhaps we found one another. We play parts for one another. We challenge one another.”
Steve nods and grasps the cup with shaking hands. Tony slips out the door before Steve even lifts the cup to his mouth. The water clogs his throat, and he spits up a little. He tries to piece together what happened even as he fails to manage drinking a simple cup of water. He lies back into the pile of pillows. Three days – can he recall any of it? The last thing he remembers is sheltering Tony but then losing him. He fell – or they both did and that’s all. Nothing but darkness comes to mind as far as what happened with Ultron.
“No, you don’t get it, you just don’t get it,” Steve replies and forces himself back onto his feet. He wobbles a little and the bruise to his face looks like it is swollen and angry. Tony wouldn’t be surprised if he has a concussion. “Please leave.”
“Maybe, maybe he’s supposed to be bonded to you?” Natasha offered, her expression worried him. She didn’t understand it any more than he did.
Now – now Tony was mostly likely up on the roof, dying a slow and painful death as Steve hung from chains in the basement prison cell. Only a single bare bulb shined down on him. A circle of light showcased him. He was stripped to his undershorts. The knife wound in his abdomen still dripped, trailing down his inner thigh to a puddle of blood on the concrete floor. There was a small drain grate below him, he knew. The grate was used to wash away the blood and other bodily fluid. His feet barely reached the floor at all. Shackles linked his ankles to the floor, so he couldn’t swing out and use his legs as a defense.
“A little. I’m not ready to go that route,” Tony says. “Now hush so I can listen to the ocean and drink my hot chocolate which is excellent by the way. You’ll have to give the recipe to Jarvis.”
He thanks her and soon she’s shoves him out of the door. He doesn’t think he’s ended up with any more information than when he started the day. He has two names and no way to find anything more about either. In fact one of the names – Coulson – there isn’t even a first name to go along with it. Unless, of course, the unlikely event is that Coulson’s first name is Agent and Tony sincerely doubts that.
“Happy is waiting outside with the car. The hospital policy says you have to take a wheelchair, but before they bring it in, I need you to do something for me,” Tony says. He pulls out a slim long jewelry box from his inner jacket pocket. “Please wear it.”
Tony grumbles. He’s damned if he does and damned if he doesn’t. Though to be sure, the way he’s feeling lately, he wouldn’t be surprised if he turned around and beat the omega to death. He feels of two minds when it comes to his omega. He needs to decide if he’s  going to try and smother the feelings brewing inside or is he going to allow them to blossom. What would be the harm?  His mentor, Estane, would not be pleased with his thoughts. Estane always preached that omegas must be kept in their place; it was simple biology. Tony believes it. He’s reviewed the research – omegas are different. But then Steven had said things that make Tony question even the basic tenets of their biology.
Remarkably, the turning point comes when Steve escorts Tony on a walk across the island. There are footpaths from the docks to the house and then out to the different areas of the shoreline. There are a few other houses on the island – all lived in by the staff who care for the estate. Most of them have been vacated during Tony’s stay, but a few are still occupied. Mainly with Wanda, her brother, and Vision. After the first night’s explosion, Vision had been able to get Pietro’s documents in order and Tony prodded Steve to check them. He truly hated that job because he wasn’t a lawyer and said as much to Tony. Tony only waved him off and told him he needed someone to check it and he would have the attorneys look at it once they sent the documents to Pepper. Everything did end up checking out. Pietro was in and so they had a staff of three on property.
“Tony, you have to go. If you have another seizure it could do real damage. As of right now, we don’t know if there is any damage-.”
With a smirk on his lips, Tony says, “Don’t know if I can follow up that with anything more interesting, but let’s try.”
“Hmm, excuse you,” Tony said. The guard passively looked at them, both bored and slightly less impressed than he should be. “This is Avengers’ business.” He held up the shield a little to show the soldier.
Over the past week, Tony has insisted that Steven spend the majority of his time in his room or presentation suite, naked. Sometimes he’s asked Steven to remain in one of the presentation position until he returned. Sometimes he put him to the rack for pleasure or for punishment.
“You like it?” Tony steps into Steve’s personal space. He can practically feel the racing of his heart.
“Not so, while most of the Viz-nets carried it for a week and said it was over. It continued for a year. The Carbonelli family often ran humanitarian missions to the Purge and got caught up in the mess,” Penny says.
“Sleeping?” He looks too young, too innocent. But how can a man who’s seen the horrors of World War II ever be called innocent. The war itself devoured that decades ago.
“Open his mouth,” Bruce orders and Steve cups Tony’s jaw in his hand, squeezes his thumb and finger into the space between his upper and lower jaw to force it open. The glassy eyed look, the clammy skin, the tinge of blue on his lips scares Steve.
He grumbles under his breath and grabs the robes, plus the case. Heading to the bathroom, Steve sighs as he tries to accept his fate. He honestly likes his job. He does meet all kinds of people and they talk to him. Sometimes it’s just silly things, other times he offers comfort. There are always clients there for just the sex but more often than not, people just want to talk especially with the war going on with no end in sight.
Steve wished he could see him, one more time. Wished he hadn’t wasted so much time worried about getting to work on time or concerned about beating the traffic, so he left Tony earlier than he should have. He longed for all that time, bits here and there.  He wanted to get them back so that he might package them up and relive them.
“Peps, you love it because I’m yours,” he says with a smile. That’s not really true. She’s more his little sister than anything else. She’s promised to his Family’s Security Administrator, Harry.
Steve remembers the man, the alpha who touched him, who brought him through his most recent heat. He recalls the need warring with his mind – how he didn’t want it and how he desired it at the same time. Shame warms him and he cannot look at Tony. “You don’t know.” It’s all he can manage because the light narrows and he hears the beeping monitor screaming. The pain is a clear thing now, a thing with substance and girth. It’s taking him away and he surrenders to it. Tony’s on his feet over the bed, holding but Steve cannot focus. Everything funnels down until he can only see Tony’s face, his eyes.
“Might have read about it during school, but Brooklyn isn’t the kind of place a lot of wildlife flourishes you know. I still don’t know why anyone ever colonized there,” Steve says. “Probably the mines, but they dried out early.” He tears off some of the bread and spreads some of the brie on the warm bread. He sets it on plate with some grapes for Tony and starts working on some for himself. “It’s really a forsaken world. But I have to admit, I miss the sky.”
“Glitch in what?” He almost asked about the pig’s blood but then his stone brain focused on Steve. “The synthetic blood. There’s something wrong with it. I knew it. I knew that was the reason-.”
Imprisoned above the train wreckage, he saw the light of the city not far off and the emergency vehicles approaching the accident site. But it wasn’t an accident, far from it. Standing next to the young woman and man, an older man stood. He grinned and said, “So much for nullifying Hydra.” To the young woman he said, “Kill him.”
“But I’m not here to convince you to pick me. I’m here to convince you to pick yourself.” Logan massages his hands, grasping and ungrasping them as if the claw ache within him. His head bows. His gaze goes to the floor. “I’ve loved you kid, god since way before. Since that time during the War that we crossed paths and we went and liberated that camp of prisoners. You remember. You were so damned idealistic. I felt like a kid again, felt like anything was possible.” He rubs at his eyes but never looks up at Steve. “I loved you then. I left because of that- because I couldn’t stay with you. I couldn’t admit to myself how much head over heels I was.
Pietro scoffs. “Oh maybe you could carry him, but not me, sir. No, Mister Stark walked, but I did lead him.”
“That’s all,” Bucky nods and absently plays with the deputy badge left out on the desk. Steve was going to give it to Bucky today. Now, with the stale taste in his mouth, he leaves his big surprise to be reconsidered or maybe not at all.
“What are you talking about?” Tony said. Steve needed to get the nervous energy out, the horrible, festering energy. He paced to the beautiful, dark, marble fireplace and then back to the kitchen. “Rogers. Steve! What is going on?”
“No,” Steve chuckles but it doesn’t shift Tony’s mood at all. “Listen, I get that this is a pretty terrible situation. I get that, but we can work together, get out of here together. This is our chance, we can find out what their planning on using the missiles for. That’s valuable information. We could change the outcome here.”
Shrugging off the disconcerting feeling, Tony extricates himself from the big cat’s grip and slips away. His ribs ache today but not as bad as yesterday. Sleeping with the gauntlet on isn’t the most comfortable, but it has help stabilize his wrist. He unhooks the wires from the reactor and triggers the release from the gauntlet as he approaches the small stream. He needs a bath and he needs one now. Hanging out with a lion rubs off on him. He sniffs his underarms and coughs.
With something to do, Pepper managed to pull herself together and went to work at the nearest computer terminal. Sawyer gave his passcode to her and she instantly flew over the keyboard, accessing different drives and evaluating what she needed to pull all the needed data off of the older computers.
“Very well, Captain, then you’ll end your days trying to get out of an oubliette. He lifts the staff and aims it at Steve.
“Tony!” Natasha walks into the cabin. “I didn’t say you could come back here and interrogate him.”  She rounds the bed in the small cabin and sits on the opposite side of the bed.
In popular culture, mating with a vampire entailed the glamour of the vampire, the supernatural power of vampires to enthrall human slaves. The glamour charmed the human to do just about anything, even suicide to appease the powerful being of the vampire. Nothing could be further from the truth – though movies and television series continued to be produced on the fallacy.
Tony twisted his mouth and the coil of concern contorted. “I know. I get that, but I’m still worried. He’s not stable.”
It called in a perfect sequence. And then he saw it strewn out around him in a haze of figures and equations, and the unification of it robbed him of everything – of his breath, his sight, his ability to think or process. It unified him.
“Five.” Steve pulls out some of the deli meat, mustard, mayonnaise, lettuce, and tomatoes. “Why don’t you tell me what you want. I’ll fix something.”
He turns back to Tony to find him looking away into the trees of the park where there are dark shadows. Steve wonders what he sees.
Bruce smiles again with that exhausted look. “No, you won’t, but I’ll be here to help when you need me in any case.”
“As I recall it, I consented to you biting me and asked for more.” Steve said and walked back into the room. He had a washcloth in his hands and his chest and face dripped with water. The bite mark on his chest puckered red and swollen. Tony had taken too much this time, it would take a while for the wound to heal. “So, it’s really no one’s fault,” Steve was saying. “Except maybe fate or God, whichever you believe in.”
Tony’s eyes flicker, searching his expression, and then he does free his hands, he reaches up and cups Steve’s jaw. “I don’t want you to, I can’t do that to you. If you say this Pierce person, angel, whatever is evil, I can’t do that to you. Don’t put that on me, please.”
“Couldn’t afford it.” Steve has to accept the fact that while he might want a relationship with Tony, one is not going to happen. Except for the aborted picnic and that night they shared hot chocolate no more hints at anything like a relationship beyond the professional have happened. They’ve worked tirelessly on the new upgrade for the implant while also doing a heck of a lot of research into the experimental virotherapy that Strange suggested. He sags in the chair. “I gotta go. Get ready for work. I should have been back last night.” He’s still in his towel and Thor is still scowling at his empty cupboards.
“You’re not Captain America first,” Tony stated. “You’re Steve Rogers first. Before you were that symbol you were Steve Rogers.”
“What? Where?” Tony can’t feel his fingers; he can’t feel his body yet at the same time he tingles with anxious energy.
“No,” Fury said. “We want you to bring him back. We know where he is. We need you to bring him back and help us save him, because we need him. The world needs Captain America again.”
Steve coughed and cleared his throat as the world around him came into sharp focus again. “I’m not sure I know what that means.”
Steve nods. Going into heat always meant that sleeping was near to impossible. Waking up, needy and hot in his blood caused issues with sleeping anyhow. After he’s clean, he slips off to sleep and when he does wake, full with a knot thick in his ass, he succumbs to the alpha’s commands, and holds onto this orgasm. It isn’t hard to be the supplicant, the loyal omega when he’s in heat. It is the basis, the foundation of his nature.
“I think you need to come here and make love to me,” Steve said and opened his arms. He lifted his chin to indicate the water. “I dry swallowed them. Come on, I need you.”
“That’s just it, Tony. I don’t want to wait anymore. I’m tired of waiting, of denying myself. Of always being practical and never opening myself up for something I want, something I need.” His large hands tighten around the small of Tony’s waist. “I want this. I want to be a little selfish.”
Might as well get this over with now. Tony scanned the place and, for a crazed moment, thought that they needed to clean up – right away. He didn’t want the Captain to see the laboratory in such a state. What would that mean to someone so orderly, so used to military codes? But then he remembered he hated Steve Rogers for what he did to his childhood.
Erskine tilts his head and his eyes twinkle. “I suspect that is not exactly true. And I suspect that the prince is somewhat pulling my leg. Tell me, Mer Rogers, why are you not off in the Fleet fighting this war against the Kree?”
Steve slides his mouth along the prince’s shaft. A tangy, bitter taste as flesh against his tongue sends almost painful spears of desire to his own groin. He presses the heel of his hand on his cock to stop from coming just from tasting Tony. It’s mana from heaven and he drinks it the saltiness of the pre-come and runs his tongue along the protruding blood vessel while his hand dances along Tony’s balls. The prince cries out and slips down to the floor. Steve ravages his mouth but only for seconds before he lies prostrate onto the floor as if in supplication.
He thinks that Tony’s deluding himself more than Steve had been when he was omitted the truth about Tony’s parents and Bucky. “Maybe.”
“How come I’m starting to think you got me shot too, so that you could pull this miracle rabbit out of your hat?” Steve says with not a small bit of levity in his tone. Bucky does tip his hat at that one. “Well, Barnes you gonna tell me where you dug up a doctor
Tony sighs and gets up once again, striding right over to the lion. “What is your probl-.” He stops. Setting down, he spots the burrs stick all over Blu’s snout and piercing the tender places in his chin and lips. Blood leaks out. He also spots a few embedded in the cat’s paws.
Tony bows his head and moves away, dropping back onto the bed. “I appreciate the sentiment, Steve. I really do. I think your earnest about it. But this isn’t a walk in the park. It’s not going to be fun. Pepper and Rhodey are going into full protection mode as we speak. Just getting them to calm down and listen to me is going to take a damned army.”
“Gotta agree with Cho here. You about scared the shit out of me. What the hell were you doing?” Tony said and rubbed at his chest.
Steve jerks a few more times and then collapses on top of Tony as he finishes. They both lie there, spent, overcome, and panting. Steve doesn’t forget Tony. He leans down and kisses him, again spending time to fill him with devotion and caring. As he slips out of Tony, they neck again. It’s sweet.
“It’s a little hot to snuggle,” Tony says, but he still rests his head against the lion’s giant side. In due course, he falls asleep.
It surprised Tony then when they moved the gurney out of the laboratories. Ross headed the procession. Six agents, two clinical researchers, and the undead corpse on the gurney with a phantom trailing behind. It all seemed so ridiculous that Tony wanted to laugh, but he knew if he did he would only cry so he followed (but had no other choice) and they ended up in the lowest bowels of the Triskelion. The prison level.
“But like you said, no way through the wilderness out there not with how we’re equipped at least, and no way to stay.”
“In the Purge, the Omegas do they have omega children? Are they able to breed?” As Tony waits, he notices how Steven weighs his answer. “Don’t lie to me.”
“Feels like a small disc, no bigger than a pea.” Tony takes his hand away as does Steve. “It’s the anchor to the actual implant in my head. It works. Most of the time. Unfortunately, it gives me killer headaches and worse.” He takes the glasses off and hands them in Steve’s direction, who takes them and lays them back in the desk. “You need to ensure you have them or I have them at all times.”
“What? Why? What the fuck does he have to do with it?” Tony stops dead in his tracks. An inkling that he might be missing a vital piece of information pops up and crawls over his skin. “Bruce, what are you not telling me?”  He wants to be threatening, but even with all his bravado, Tony knows that provoking a man that can pound him into the wall is not the best life choice.
Those words so fatalistic in their delivery made a direct hit to Steve’s heart. “Yes, I want you around.” Steve’s shoulders slumped. “I haven’t been fair to you Tony. I am sorry about that. It wasn’t you.” His voice faded, cracking. He bowed his head. They were almost there – so close to the edge of the border to the land of light and recovery.
Tony shrugs. “I went through a phase right after my parents died where I bought all kinds of stuff that I didn’t need. I bought the Harley and repaired her. She was ready for the scrap pile.”
“Tony’s been worried sick,” Natasha said. Her eyes were soft, not challenging. She looked tired, and that was saying something for a vampire.
“You have to train them, just like you would a dog. If you offer kindness, you have to remember that a dog has teeth and will rip out your throat in the night.”
Oh great – his nighttime visitor and time traveling sex companion. Tony spurted out a laugh. “Sure, let him in. Why not?”
“Steve, you have to tell me what’s going on, now,” Tony tries again. He knows he’s taking advantage of Steve’s vulnerable state of mind, but he needs to – they are in danger. “I’m here to help you.”
When he checked out of the hospital it was with Bruce, Natasha, and Sam at his side along with Clint who never even once asked to be part of the pack. Steve respected him for that and wished he wanted to welcome another member, but with Bucky and Tony still outstanding, Steve needed to focus on the next steps.
“He got to you. I don’t know how but he did,” Natasha said and sipped the milkshake. “You have not been the same since.”
It doesn’t hit the lion – it hits Tony, firing the armor’s capacitors. JARVIS warns of overload and Tony shoots off another repulsor. His aim goes wild but thankfully, it hits the vehicle. Hunter screams and runs to one of his fallen soldier, picking up a AR15 as the crackles of lightning flash over Tony’s suit. He’s lucky it hasn’t fried his skin yet. The maniac tumbles down on the roadway, semi-automatic in hand and shoots without regard to aim. The bullets go wide, but then he seems to focus targeting directly at the big cat who has turn his attention fully to his captor.
“I assume that’s former second,” Sam said and shook Clint’s hand. He pointed to the living room where the television played the news. “It’s all over the media, man. Captain America’s a freak. He’s criminally insane. He’s been mated.”
“Where are you going?” The world narrows around him as if he is looking at it through the wrong end of binoculars.
“What if I told you I might be able to give you your natural sight back?” Strange says and waits for Tony’s reaction.
“I came back for you,” Tony says and turns a bright shade of red – that Steve’s never seen on his face before in his life. He quickly tries to cover for his blunder. “For you because you need me. You can’t handle Ultron. Case in point.” He waves to Steve’s gut.
Tony grumbles but is at a loss for words. How does she know everything? He closes the door and shivers. It’s still fucking cold. As he walks away from the door, he hears the distinct sound of the Quin Jet’s engines revving to take off. A blistering wind shakes the house and it launches into the air.
“It’ll get more dangerous then,” Steve says. “The last piece was a maze, but Ultron wanted to play – wanted to-.”
“Accords,” the Captain says with a smirk on his face. They’ve been down that road before and no thank you. “What movies?”
It’s Steve turn to scoff at her words. “I don’t think so. You didn’t see him. You didn’t hear him.” He still hasn’t confessed to anyone, not even Sam, how Tony said Steve didn’t deserve the shield. The one identity that meant something to Steve and that held him together in his darkest days. The one thing he hated to think about retiring but considered with Accords.  Throughout the modern world, he used Captain America as a crutch, a thing he could hold onto and always know who he was even through the maelstrom of being a man out of time. He doesn’t think anyone truly appreciates his displacement, his personal diaspora. “Bucky is all that I have.”
Tony decides for him. “We cross and we stay the night, and then we head up to Schmidt’s. Once there, we can confront Loki.”
“We might not solve the riddle of the implant, but I can tell you I am not interested in getting rid of you. You’ve helped me with the migraines, you’ve been there with the panics attacks I get. You’re a good PA. I get that dealing with the media can make you run at the mouth and you didn’t mean what you said.”
He sighs and it hurts his chest. Everything hurts. “Don’t leave. Not now. I know you have a secret and I hate secrets. I need to know what’s going on. I need to know why you are so god damned sure about us being together. It’s like you know something, something about me, or you, or us, or our future. God, what do you know?” He picks up Steve’s hand then and holds it, grasps it like it is a lifeline toward the future.
“Well, I think you’re going to have to watch this again,” Tony says, and he finishes off his third beer. The popcorn is long since gone.
He wanted to save Bucky. Bucky was all he had left of his life from before – so many people never understood how he still carried a hole deep in his core. With every fiber in his being he needed to save Bucky. He couldn’t save anyone else from his life. Not from before – not from the present. When Steve had been held prisoner by the mad scientists he had been torn from Tony, torn away from him and their bond had been severed by the scientists that experimented on Steve’s gland. Steve hadn’t been able to protect Tony from getting shot in the first place. He’d tried to protect Tony from the truth about Bucky. But everything had gone to hell. And Tony found the files in his father’s archive.
Pepper frowns at him. “Can you go and pick up the documents from the printer?” She’s tapping on her tablet again. “They’re all printed out.”
Steve bites back his words. It’s apparent that Tony’s not going to reveal exactly what Steve does for him. It’s both disturbing and a relief. The two feelings battle one another and he’s not sure which comes out on top.
By the time they landed on the Tower pad, Tony managed to avoid thinking about what the hell he would encounter when he went to med-bay. Briefly, he considered escaping to his workshop, but the truth of the matter was he couldn’t, not from this, not from his Beloved. Natasha waited for Tony to unbuckle and walked with him out of the jet. Her expression, grave, fixed in stone. He should be pissed at her. If she hadn’t decided to intervene this wouldn’t have happened. He said nothing. The air shouldn’t have chilled him, but nothing touched his numb brain as they walked into the Tower and headed directly to the bank of elevators. Without a word they entered the elevator and JARVIS brought them down to the med level. As they exited the car, it occurred to Tony that Barnes – who he specifically banned from being in his house – was now a guest and being treated by Stark medical person. Under his breath he cursed but said nothing out loud. Right now, he had to focus on Steve, even though this brain danced away from the subject by adding more fuel to the fire involving Barnes.
“Clint said he has a little space up in the loft. Pull-out bed,” Steve said and then shrugged. “Seems as good a place as any.”
“Pepper?” he asks just as the door to the inner suite opens and Tony walks out. He’s freshly showed and only wears a towel slung low at his waist while he carries another to dry his hair.
As Sam took off to the north, Steve felt the stretch of their bond and the pain it took for Sam to leave Steve alone. “Stay steady, Falcon.”
“No pleasantries anymore, Captain?” Coulson frowns. “What happened to all those manner you learned back in the day?”
Tony rubs his hands through his hair, surely messing it. “No. No. It’s not that. You think I have some weakness. That’s how able-bodied people look at us, the ‘disabled’. That we have some weakness that makes us less. Or you think we succeed despite it and that makes us some holier, sacrificial martyr type person. Neither is true. We’re trying to get along in a world not made for us, sure, but we’re still every bit the same as you are. It’s the world that has the weakness, not us.”
The omega sobs out as Tony comes again and his knot increases again, and again. Tony allows himself the primal emotion. It is what alphas are. There’s no way to change his nature. This is who he is. He succumbs to it, even as he knows the omega will bend to his will.  His intellectual mind falls away as he goes into fugue. He rams his swollen knot into the omega, torturing him, abusing him. The primal rage of an alpha entering urgency assaults Tony. The red fury of urgency washes over him and all he feels is the body of a supplicant beneath him, someone made to service him, to attend and fulfill him. He grunts and utters a ragged growl as he spends the last of himself into the swollen, reddened ass of the omega. Finally, he finishes and pulls out without any of the gentleness he usually tries to impart. He holds himself there, next to the shivering omega. His grip on the omega’s erection never fails.
“Don’t tell me you dreamed of working in the sex industry when you were a little kid,” Tony says and tears the drawing of the young boy from the wall. “This little boy dreamed of being a hooker?”
“I’m right here. You’re not hurt. Everything is okay. We’re calling Pepper. You don’t have to worry about anything. Just rest.”
Bucky attacks the cage over Steve's head and face. He grips the sharp metal bars and realizes even as he does that the metal will cut and he cringes as it slices into his flesh hand. He yanks at it but Steve wails in response weakly batting at Bucky trying to stop him.
“Like he’s the center of our universe?” Tony not only tasted the bitterness but felt it infect him. He thought he would be happy. But the idea of so many people jostling in his head and that he – Tony Stark – would center his life around this one person. That Steve Rogers and he were Beloved for one another seemed just this side of crazy.
“Is it being here? The here and now? Are you having trouble with adjusting? We can have you talk to a doctor, help you through the PTSD.” Tony taps on his reactor. “I know I should go. Been too much to deal with and I just bury it all.” Steve looks at Tony, meets his gaze. Tony rushes on because he doesn’t have a lot of time to save this – whatever
His father had been terribly drunk, slurring his words. Yet, Tony understood them, knew that Howard regretted being a part of the atomic bomb project that everyone called, the Manhattan Project. Tony also knew that this Steve person caused his father to question what it meant to be good, and maybe that was a good thing.  He needed to find out who this Steve person was, but right now he focused on Blu and the oversized book.
“Ah! The cold is not your Kryptonite, you already confessed that to me! But I do know your Achilles’ heel.” Tony declares and plants himself on top of Steve, knees to each side of his hips.
Steve closes his eyes and turns his head away as if he’s guilty of all of it, as if he caused the Ornari to attack Earth. “Who told you?” At least he doesn’t deny it.
“Why would Tony Stark one of the richest men in the country if not the world outside royalty want to be a blacksmith and come to our little town?” Steve says. “And he doesn’t even use his own contact information. It’s the doctor’s name and city.”
“God, no, no, no!” Steve crawls to his hands and knees, sinking into the muddy snow. He gets to Tony’s side and seizes the bare wires. They scorch his hand and he fights to tug them away from Tony. It takes too long to overcome the strength of the electrical current, but he’s able to do it. Thank God it is only a small battery. He jerks and throws the battery to the side. Tony slumps down from the bowed position his body had been thrown into. The smell of burning flesh hangs heavy in the air.
Tony squeezed the little lion again. “Did he fight with you in the war, Father?” He wanted to call his father, daddy, but Howard always scowled at the moniker.
“I hope so, Jarvis.” He disconnects and then decides not to call Steve. He had his reasons for leaving. Perhaps he did feel inadequate like Jarvis said. He wasn’t. He was strong and handsome, and his hands were like links to the universe to Tony. He would miss those hands. He would miss a lot.
“If you can get in touch with them and not alert the authorities have at it. But otherwise, no. You’ll have to hunt.”  She smirked at Thor as Bruce wilted further into the corner. “It’ll be fun. Like old times.”
“It’s the real world, for one.” Steve says and bats Tony’s hand away to examine the burn on his abdomen. It is fairly well healed. Far too quickly – and with that thought the pain ratchets up a degree. He hisses in response. “Shit. You might be right. It might be me.”
Tony can’t help but smile. The idea that his other self, in some other reality is that smart tickles him with pride. The smile drops as soon as he hears Steve’s next question.
“Steve Rogers, I’m Christine Everhart, does your beau approve of you spending your time with that mountain of a man I just saw.”
The stairs – a structural monstrosity the only part of the lodge Tony thinks is far too large for the space – are just left of the stone fireplace. They lead up to a balcony type space which overlooks the living room and kitchen. The walkway ends at the foyer to the bedrooms. There are only five.
Steve glances at Tony. He’s quietly snoring, the download happening through the ether. “Well, we can’t have that.” He types,
Steve decreases his pace and trails Tony, watching how well Ultron imagined this world he’s trapped him in. Sure, the compound is only bones, but Ultron knows Tony – at least in his physicality and that’s startling and frightening all at once. Tony disappears into the living room and Steve pauses, taking a breath and clearing it. His gut still aches. His brain magnifies the agony in his skull, but he must focus on the task at hand – escape from Ultron’s world inside his head.
With a firm shove, Rumlow pushes Steve into the room. He staggers backward and rights his shoulders. He’s ready. He can do this. He doesn’t want to be an embarrassment for the prince especially with such a crucial gathering of the conference and Conclave. He clears his throat.
“In name,” Steve agreed. “Maybe someday we’ll be more.” He wasn’t meeting Tony’s gaze. Instead he stared past Tony to the window as the plane lifted into the air.  Through the bond, he felt Steve’s distance and pain, again. Even trying to keep busy failed him. The pain seeped through and became his misery.
This was my attempt at writing a soul mate story about Steve and Bucky. It didn't take off so I shelved it.
Fury ushered them out of his office and they ended up in what Steve could have called his office if it hadn’t been for the fact it was vacant, offered only folding chairs, and there was no name plate on the door. Still, Steve stowed his bag here when he was at the Triskelion.
“Beloved and Leader are equals. Many think that packs that do have the Beloved position are the true soul packs, complete packs.” Steve concentrated on the fire, not looking at Tony as he talked. “Heart and soul of the pack. Each person in the pack offers a distinct role. Beloved centers the entire pack. Supports the entire pack. Becomes the soul center.”
“Not sure. Ultron’s having trouble keeping up with the bit of information he’s already received from the fact that Barton’s retired to the fact that Wanda’s a full fledged Avenger now.” He puts his hands up to ward off Steve’s protests. “I had to figure out how far his knowledge went or didn’t go. He knows something but not all. That’s good for us. He’s probably shut down the simulation with respect to the constructs right now because he has to update them.”
"There's a reason the North won, sure we had the better resources, the industry, the war machine, but Lincoln also utilized a network of people who could provide him with much needed intelligence." Tony places the wine glass on the table, touching the lip of the glass lightly. "I went against Stane's wishes and offered my services to my country."
“Hard, fuck. I want to you to hold me down and fuck me hard. I want to feel it in my chest, in my blood. I want to feel it like you’re consuming me.”
The city of Mumbai has a sense about it, like a living thing that breathed under the sprawling architecture. A phantom spirit haunts the narrow alley ways and the multi-laned highways, the shanty towns and the elaborately decorated luxury hotels and fine dining restaurants. The juxtaposition of the rich and the poor, like any city, seems to vibrate with a kind of uneasy truce. Its history gurgles under the surface as a central port to the many Empires it hosted along the way. The writhing of the city reminds him of the poison that seeped from the arc reactor, trying to kill him. But that isn’t right. He thinks Mumbai is more like the arc reactor itself – beautiful, complex, and even deadly.
Blu charges toward the blue light only to be confronted by the Iron Man armor. It raises its repulsors at Blu. Tony swoops down, cawing at the armor. He sees the gleaming eyes, the expressionless faceplate. The repulsors discharge and Tony darts between the beam of light and Blu. The ray burns through him and he falls to the ground. His feathers burnt, his chest a gaping hole. He pants his last breath as Blu curls his massive paw around him.
"No, I don't see the point in being here, though, I could have come to your house for dinner," Steve says and realizes, almost immediately how rude and how obvious he's being. He needs to keep his mouth shut and stay that way. Talking to Stark is like walking through the swamps in the South, full of traps and dangers.
Steve shook his head. “No idea.” He chanced standing up straight. Tony followed him, clinging to him.  A whirl of dizziness hit Steve, but he closed his eyes and eased it away. When he opened them, Natasha and Shuri were gathered around him. An older man with features similar to Shuri’s had joined their group. He stood next to Shuri.
“I have my ways,” Tony hisses back. He glares at Steve, as if challenging him but when he realizes that Steve won’t back down (hell, Steve has been fighting bigger and meaner people than Tony all his life), he deflates a bit. “Fine. Fine. Whatever you say. I’ll handle it.” He pulls away from Steve and plasters a smile on his face as he claps his hands and goes back to the milling clerks. “My assistant just informed me that I’ve been mistaken. That you do caterer to a certain clientele. Thank you for your assistance today.”
“No,” Natasha says and her eyes reflect the deep green of the jungle around them. “He would have hated himself even more if he’d killed you or Bucky. In the end, he’ll thank you.”
“We’re not allowed to give anyone that information. Even you, sir.” When he glimpsed the rage that must have shown on Tony’s face Rumlow added, “It might be in the files.”
With hard furrowed brows, Tony bows his head and grasps the reins. He lets them hang but keeps them tucked into his gloved hands.
“Oh Captain, why do you think I’m here?” Loki curves his thin lips into an insidious smile. “To play with you, of course.”
Their voices follow him through his sleep – haunting him, hunting him like a swarm of locust from the Bible to levy justice on his head.
As the docking clamps lock into place the whole shuttle shudders and the metal yawns in protest. Steve jerks around afraid the ship might be about to tear itself apart.
When Tony manages to look up again, he watches as they snap on a chain to Steven’s collar and a stun him even as he struggles to his feet, wavering from the punishment. His suffering eats away at Tony, nearly leaving him weak and helpless, but then he catches a glimpse of Steven’s expression.
“Okay, yeah,” Tony said and ran his hands through his hair, mussing it. Then he cupped them over his mouth and blew out. “I only sipped my drink. I’m not even drunk. I can’t believe I fell asleep.”
“Considering that even Natasha when she came and visited treated me with kid gloves, it feels nice to see someone’s honest reaction.” For the first time since he woke up from the coma, Steve felt present, fixed, anchored to the world. During his self-imposed isolation, he floated about as if he might simply drift away on the air currents. No words or thoughts solidified in his head. Yet, now as Tony broke down and wrestled with his own demons, Steve’s purpose and connection re-appeared. Undeniably, the feeling to touch and to hold came over him.
The shower shuts off and Tony jerks in response to the door opening and Steve stepping out, still dripping wet.
“Three days?” Still his brain fumbled along as if he ran ahead of it. He knew she was right, his mind still wobbled. He couldn’t gather the strength to comprehend how he felt – what storm he knew swirled within him like the eye of a hurricane slowly inching toward landfall.
“What are you my pimp now?” The jagged words spear Tony plainly since he cringes and falls back. It doesn’t stop Steve. “What do you think you can just pass me around to your friends? I’m not some little toy.” Steve pushes past Tony and throws the clothes on the bed. He rips off the uniform, throwing it in a pile and quickly dons a tunic and drawstring pants. He’s still barefoot.
“Too many things. Too many factions.” Tony looks up, his eyes are bloodshot. “Obie’s right. There’s too much in-fighting and imbalance. We can’t possibly unite and win a war when everyone’s vying for the top of the heap.”
It occurs to Steve as he scrubs the shampoo into his hair and uses his nails to clean away the grim that Mer Stane may be right. That thought jars him like a punch to the chest. What if the only way to get the disparate factions of the Conclave united would be to install someone like a king or leader? Steve never followed politics too closely but if he had to vote, he’d pick Tony. While he is one of the wealthiest Inners, Tony also happened to be one of the humblest. Having someone who believes he’s not the end all be all in charge might be the best way to go, the only way to go.
He’s done this all wrong but even all the training in the world and his natural sense of people, Tony still escapes him. “Sorry, I’m just – I can’t.” Tears flow freely down his face, and he curses himself. “Sorry, it’s just been a hard day. That’s all.”
“Well that’s a little insulting on his part.” Tony dusts off his shirt front as if he’s dirtied by Ultron’s conclusions – or Steve’s suppositions.
“Well, there is that case of the young man-.” Jarvis stops and there’s an awkward pause in the room as Pepper clears her throat and then Jarvis fills in with quick words. “But let’s not linger on the past, shall we? I hope you will enjoy your luncheon. I’ve made a chopped Thai salad. I hope you enjoy it.”
Tony shakes his head, apologizing, and waving her away. When he turns back to Steve, the worn out look, the positively aged way he considers Steve hurts even more. “Steve, you know I love you. You know you’re important to me. We are not doing this again.”
Four days. Four days of intense negotiations. Four days of listening to Estane blast An’Tony’s credentials and forge an alliance for himself to take over the High Alpha Chair. Tony still doesn’t believe Oby has to votes to out seat Tony’s bid on the chair, but damned if he hasn’t shoved his way to the forefront of the pack. It will make the final vote a pain because Tony will need to have a supermajority. He’s spent days working the crowd from the minor alphas to the betas with power. It has been exhausting and the first round of voting will happen in the next twenty four hours.
Steve presses his lips together and nods. He really doesn’t want Tony to ask him where Bucky is. He doesn’t want to lie.
The SUV skids to a stop and the semi-automatics target him. Slowly, Tony saunters toward the vehicle. The driver gets out, his hands empty. Unlike other mature men in the area he’s not sporting a beard. His lack of piety would disturb the locals, Tony knows.
“And just what does this pack actually do?” Tony asked. Steve had to admit he felt some modicum of gratitude that Tony threw all the questions at Strange.. Steve was still trying to figure out Keurigs and pocket phones; he’d only been awake a little over a week.
“We have old pizza.” Tony stands stock still in the entrance way of the kitchen. It’s spooky how he knows where he is.
“I’m sorry, Nat, I can’t,” he says but he doesn’t drop her hand. “I don’t want to be the cause of anymore strife in the team, in our family. What’s been done, what happened, I should have foreseen, I should have known-.”
“Way to go with the lesson, dickhead!” Tony raised his tin mug and yelled into the rest of the shadowed cabin.  Steve snickered in response. “Oh, the old man has a sense of humor.”
A vision of a woman with blonde hair and soft gray eyes comes to mind. She has her hair tied up in a braided bun. Her skirt is tattered, and those eyes are exhausted and worried. Her concern focuses on him. Rogers – Sarah Rogers.
“You know what this means, don’t you?” Tony loathes Richards. What kind of guy has a last name for a first name and a first name for a last name, anyhow? Tony never pinpointed his reasons why he desists the man, but he just doesn’t like him. The fact the man is so stretchy creeps Tony out.
He sighs and walks to the table. The data hovering over the table clearly shows the Carbonelli family tree as well as the Stark family tree. Interesting.
His fingers wrapped around her throat as the terror shivered through her. Her trembling – he fucking felt it – the bond telegraphed the memory to him. The sensory overload made him gag. He knew every cursed moment of the last breaths of his mother.
“Shush.” Steve only rocked him and promised him everything would be all right. As he glanced around the circle though, seeds of doubt blossomed.
Hence, Steve found himself standing at the entrance to Tony’s workshop again. He waited as JARVIS announced him. Tony had his back to Steve as he worked at something small and intricate on the bench. In actuality, Steve supposed he could reach out and kind of poke him with his mind, but that just seemed rude. Especially since the idea just brought up crude images to mind.
“The bitterness goes away. Don’t worry about it. It’s just your senses coming back as you accept the reality of the situation.”
“No, no, but just Steve. Is that okay?” Steve asks and he settles back into the chair as she offers it again and then takes the other chair.
Tony pulls over a chair and sits down, leaning forward and clasps his hands. “You’re going to have to step back a little. The wings, the Legion – you want to explain a little.”
Hammer stammers some excuses and then trails after a waiter looking for a drink. Well, that was all kinds of fun. Yanking at the collar of his jacket, Steve wants to leave. He’s not good at small talk. For a few minutes he busies himself by scooping some appetizers off the tray and then realizes he’s probably allergic to it, so he dumps it almost immediately. He searches for Tony but finds him engaged in an animated talk with Erskine. Steve does not want to invite another conversation with the doctor, so he turns to look for Wanda again and ends up bumping straight into Rumlow.
