Mr Rajkoomar allows his words to sink in before nodding his farewells at both men and leaving the room as silently as he arrived, his mind already moving on to the concerns of his next patient.
John's voice shook with barely contained emotion, fear and anger fighting for equal domination. He could feel the light covering of perspiration on his skin, the way his shirt now clung to his body, his elevated heart rate, knew that he was grinding his jaw, could hear the order in his voice. For a moment he thought Sherlock would continue to ignore him and was shocked when Sherlock relaxed under his grip. John studied Sherlock's face, resisting pushing the dark curls from Sherlock's forehead.  Now was not the time for sentiment.
"I love you, too."  John huffs out, smiling over his shoulder at Sherlock. "And what is it with you and handjobs in bathrooms?" He teases, eyes sparkling.
"It's not your fault, love." Wiping his tears away, John kisses Sherlock's shoulder, "I was the idiot who had sex with her, married her."
John’s hands unconsciously drift into Sherlock’s hair, fingers twining in the long, soft curls; John could happily spend hours pressed against Sherlock, lost in the feel of him, the taste of him.
"John? There's no need to worry, I'll take care of you." Sherlock's eyes are soft as he pulls John into an embrace.
Feeling braver, John steps closer to Sherlock and places a sure hand on his waist, looking directly into Sherlock's eyes. He keeps his voice low and intimate. "There's the problem." His hand trails lightly over Sherlock's hip. "There's nothing I don't want to do with you, Sherlock. If you can think of it, it's more than likely I'll want to try it."
"Hi Kalvinder? It's John Watson."  John's voice carries clearly through into the living room and Sherlock sits up straighter, unconsciously trying to hear both ends of the conversation. "Yes, I'm doing well. Keeping busy.  You?" There's a pause as Kalvinder answers.  "That sounds great, never a dull moment!"  John grins as he lowers two mugs onto the counter, popping in teabags and pouring boiled water into both mugs.  "I've got a cheeky favour to ask.  Mary mentioned that she'd been to see you to have her scan done and she was wondering if she could have another copy of the scan print out?"  John pauses briefly before adding sugar and milk to the correct mugs and stirring. "Yes, my Mary.  She came in to see you recently?"  John quirks his head to one side, listening intently. "For a dating scan for our baby? Yes, within the last week."  Once again John stills.  "Oh, I'm sorry Kalvinder, my mistake.  I was sure it was your name on the form.  Yes, that's a distinct possibility!" John grins and his shoulders loosen.  "Let's not mention this to Mary, eh?" He laughs.  "She'd kill me if she knew I was messing up on important baby stuff this early!" The rest of the conversation devolves into pleasantries and Sherlock zones out until John holds a fresh mug of tea and a plate of biscuits out to him.
John finally breaks eye contact with Sherlock, taking in the way that Sherlock holds his hand protectively over his chest, and the little colour John has drains from his face.
Janine laughs, her eyes straying over to where Sherlock has instinctively moved closer to John’s side.
“Just get your arse..”  Rosie shrieks in protest when John picks her up, swinging her up high before resting her on his hip, the movement second nature to him.  “….into a costume and down to Mycroft’s ‘bash’ next week and I’ll try and find a way for us to enjoy the event.”
"Sherlock needs me, Mary."  John deliberately lets her assume that he means whilst Sherlock recovers. "And yes, I love the ring.  It has special memories attached to it. Every time I see it, or touch it, I remember when it was placed on my finger and it makes me happy.  I think of all the good times that have been and all the good times yet to come." Sherlock watches as John keeps his focus fixed on the ring, acknowledging neither him nor Mary but Sherlock knows that John means when he had placed the ring back on John's finger.
“Only if it ain’t too much bovver, Mrs ‘Udson.”  Wide eyes take in Mrs Hudson’s homely little kitchen, flicking from spices, to washing hanging over the radiator to dry, to the cake mix waiting to be made into little pies and baked.
"I'm going to suggest we try something a bit unusual."  Sherlock's deep voice continued, a slight note of hesitation making the words less clipped than usual. "My father taught me how to dance using this method and I really think it will help us to match the pace of the waltz. We will have to alter our arm position somewhat though."
Sherlock twists to turn the taps off, testing the warmth of the water by trailing long fingers through the gently bubbling water. The position puts the very scars that had just been plaguing John’s thoughts directly in his line of sight. Frowning he reaches a shaking hand and trails a curious finger over the raised white stripes, wondering about their cause and who had been there to help heal Sherlock. His thoughts are drawn away from their unhappy path when Sherlock turns back away from the bath and a strong hand caresses the side of his face, a tender thumb rubbing gently along the line of his cheekbone, soothing John’s disordered thoughts.
“The doctors had expected you to have woken up by now; you were displaying all the expected signs. You’re breathing on your own now, completely unaided.  The swelling in your head has receded and you show no signs of fever.  You should be awake now”
The flickering candlelight plays over John's bare skin, amplifying its warm tones and revealing only teasing glimpses of his body. Both men are slightly overwhelmed by the pledge they have just made, a promise of marriage. In many ways it's sudden; they've only been a couple for a month or so but in the ways that truly matter it seems long overdue.
The amazing, helpful, supportive and kind Lockedinjohnlock has taken on the tough task of helping me to knock this into shape in the hope of turning into a podfic. I can't praise her dedication and kindness enough! She is helping to improve my writing and my confidence in it. I am hugely flattered that she has offered to look this over and (fingers crossed) podfic this!
that, Sherlock knows but he is so much more, too. The soldier is still firmly apparent but he is equally comfortable in the line of danger or reading a (very dull) book. This man's story runs very much deeper than the cover or even the first few chapters. His is a story that Sherlock would willingly spend the rest of his life discovering.
“No, the very mediocrity of him would make him stand out.”  Sherlock insists, leaning closer to John.  “He is here with his wife.  Who brings their wife to an important meeting?”
John feels desperate now.  He had presumed Sherlock would be the one to be overwhelmed. But with each new suck, kiss, lave and sigh, John can feel how wrong he was.  All of his cells are flooded with Sherlock; each new touch to his skin sends electric pulses straight to his cock.  The last of his self control snaps and he pulls at Sherlock 's hair, wrenching him away from his neck.  His hips pump frantically against Sherlock's thigh, seeking more friction. A pleasured gasp is pulled from Sherlock; John curses with desire when he sees his own desperation reflected in him.  Sherlock's eyes are heavy-lidded, his lips red and swollen, and his colour high.  His breath is coming in short gulps and gasps, interspersed with broken moans and calls to a deity he doesn't believe in.  John's deep moan draws an answering whimper from Sherlock and his hands once again trail over John's shoulders and arms.  John suddenly realises that part of Sherlock's utter focus on his neck had been Sherlock trying to ground himself, trying to retain some control over his own body and emotions.  John doesn't want that, he wants Sherlock to be acting on impulse, for them each to lose themselves in the other.   Swallowing and breathing deeply, John slows  down his frantic thrusting and drifts his hands down Sherlock's back until they are resting on his deliciously rounded backside.   John gently guides Sherlock's hips forward until his erection presses firmly against John's stomach.  The sensation of heat and hardness floods through him and his moan joins Sherlock's.  Squeezing and releasing the flesh beneath his hands, John silently encourages Sherlock to press against him. The feeling of Sherlock's muscles moving under his hands sends a shiver of pleasure down John's spine, such strength and virility under his control.  John doesn't recall ever being this aroused before and he knows it's only through his own sheer bloody mindedness, his own determined stubbornness that he hasn't come in his underwear already. He - they - have waited too long for this to rush it all now.
They share the compartment with only two other people; an elderly couple in simple evening wear, obviously returning from a night out at the opera.
Mary had managed to insinuate herself into Sherlock’s ‘work’, something that no-one else (other than John) had ever managed,
"I've missed you dear. We both have. So lovely to have you home." With that she turned and walked quickly back to her apartment, giving John a quick wave as she went.
He had explained the change to Mary the previous night, saying that he was working on a top secret case and that he would be unable to commit definitely to work at the surgery and felt it best that he just cleared the whole week.  He had mentioned that he might not be coming home until very late, if at all on some nights.  Mary had looked disappointed but said that she understood; he had felt bad lying to her but reasoned with himself that it was almost the truth. He was working a case - The Blogging Bridegroom - it was almost top secret, he had sworn Sherlock to secrecy and he was not going to tell anyone, not yet anyway.  He had tried to ease his guilty conscience by rationalising that, in the end the dance practice would make things better for Mary; he wouldn't look such an idiot when they danced and she would have no reason to be embarrassed by him.
“Hi,” It’s an inane answer but Sherlock finds it is all he can manage, that annoyingly reasonable part of his brain calling him an idiot, even as his lips curl into an answering smile.
John looks over to Sherlock, eyes wide, overwhelmed. Sherlock feels impotent and can only shake his head; he knows he can do nothing about Magnussen, or Mary, without further discussion with John.
In many ways she is still very much 'his' Mary, the Mary that he fell in love with. John can admit that it was love he felt for her, it wasn't the all-encompassing love he feels for Sherlock but it was love all the same. He doesn't believe it was a love that would have lasted though, too many things had already begun to irritate him about Mary before Sherlock had even returned. Tiny things, things that, when a relationship is strong and the love is deep, would have made no lasting damage but with Mary, these things had begun to grate on his nerves. John knows he is not a very patient man even at the best of times and his relationship with Mary was beginning to bring out the worst in him.
“Christ! The language on you. I think I've been a bad influence!”  John is still smiling when he leans in for another lingering kiss.  Sherlock thinks he could get used to the sensation of kissing a smiling John. “It was amazing.”
“No. Look at them.” Sherlock insists, reducing the limited space between them even further.  “Matching wedding rings, clothing style that unconsciously mimics the other.  It’s the same with their body language, everything indicates at least twenty-five years of marriage. Two children, both grown; I saw a photograph when he opened his wallet a moment ago.”
"Yeah."  Greg flicks a look towards where Sherlock and John sit before moving to stand nearer to Mycroft. "I've got an early start tomorrow.  Walk me out?"
"Sherlock, as much as I abhor sentiment I think you should contact him."  Sherlock turned his cold eyes on his brother, his slow glance taking in his brother's too rigid posture, carefully feigned indifference and his lack of eye contact.
"By unscrupulous I'm guessing you don't mean that she was like some sort of Batman? You know, punishing the wrongdoer, righting the wrongs?" John's ill-timed sense of humour raises a smile from Sherlock and confusion from Mycroft.
Finally Sherlock was able to return his gaze to John.  John was still standing just inside the doorway but now his hand was extended out towards Sherlock. Reaching for him but not making contact, just as it had done when Sherlock had stood on the roof at Bart's. The day when Sherlock realised that the only way to keep the man he loved alive was by leaving him.
"It's this part coming up that really makes me think, touches something deep inside of me, John." Sherlock's deep voice dragged John from his introspection to find him holding a fresh cup of coffee in his direction. Standing and accepting the cup John was suddenly grateful of his firm grip when Sherlock began to sing softly along with the song, his voice deep and warm, eyes closed, a light dusting of colour on his cheeks.  John watched, utterly bewitched, letting the words permeate his skin.
A slight movement from the bed alerts Sherlock to the approaching consciousness of the man ensconced upon it. The anaesthetic has taken precisely the amount of time Sherlock was informed it would to wear off.  His limbs protest when he stands, still weak from his own injuries and subsequent decampment from his hospital bed.  A bid to protect a dear friend, an ultimately futile bid.  He shakes his head to clear the image of a body lying on the cold, concrete floor of an empty house, in a pool of its own blood.  Now is not the time to be dwelling on those events.  A quick visual sweep of the bed reassures Sherlock that the person is suffering no distress as he walks, albeit more slowly than he is accustomed, to the door, dragging his drip stand along with him.  The morphine delivery is on as low as possible whilst still allowing him to maintain a clear head and a manageable pain level.
"Can I move my hands now John?" Sherlock's breath was ragged, his body flooded with sensation, but he would not rush John. He was savouring the sweet, sweet torture. Feeling John's nod against his skin Sherlock moved his hands down onto John's head, not guiding or pushing, but taking pleasure in the feel of John's hair beneath his fingertips. The differing textures and lengths amazing. Sherlock was savouring each kiss and lick, small groans and gasps meeting each caress, his hips instinctively rocking. John's head gradually moved lower, the anticipation of coming pleasures making both men impossibly harder.
During Sherlock’s continued analysis of the room John fidgets in his chair, plays with his cutlery and generally avoids prolonged eye contact.  Initially, Sherlock ignores this behaviour, deciding John is over-hungry or bored and as such his attention is wavering.  Eventually Sherlock realises that this is something more, this is John’s ‘I may have done something a bit not good’ behaviour.  His ‘I’ve pureed vegetables and hidden them in both your mash and Rosie’s’ look; his ‘I mistakenly messed up your experiment documentation but I’ve made us both a nice cup of tea’ look.  Sherlock continues his observations of the other patrons but surreptitiously shifts his focus to John.
John moves until his body is now over Sherlock's, his weight held off Sherlock's chest by his arms, their lower bodies pressed tightly together. John eventually breaks the kiss, ignoring Sherlock's gasped protests and nips along Sherlock's jawline, groaning at the sensation of stubble against his sensitive lips. Sherlock tilts his head up, exposing more neck when he realises John's intentions, putting extra pale skin on display for John to nip and kiss at. Their bodies move together, lazy waves of motion centred at their groins. As John slips further down Sherlock's body he allows more of his weight to bear down, still keeping clear of Sherlock's healing chest. Their cocks align and both men moan at the contact; John can feel the hot line of Sherlock's cock even through the layers of his boxers and Sherlock's pyjamas. He hopes that Sherlock can feel him just as blatantly. John rocks his hips, taking delight in the feel of Sherlock beneath him, sporadic trembles wracking Sherlock's frame. John laves the skin beneath his lips with attention; their height difference means he is level with Sherlock's collar bone, the loose line of Sherlock's worn t-shirt allowing John plenty of room for exploration. John has dreamed for longer than he can remember about kissing and licking Sherlock here and the reality of it is nothing short of spectacular. Sherlock's skin tastes sublime, slightly salty and musky and John salivates at the thought of how much more of Sherlock he intends to sample.
John's breath caught in his throat, did Sherlock know that is how John felt the moment he saw him in the lab at Bart's?
The kiss that follows leaves little doubt in John’s mind that Sherlock would also like to take this much further.
"Hi Molly, what's up?" John queries, wriggling to get more comfortable on the sofa, already missing the warmth of Sherlock's body.
"Nonsense, John. You needed the sleep and I didn't mind. Any mild discomfort I may have now will pass."
“John?” Sherlock’s voice is strained, his throat dry and scratchy, but he pays it no heed. Panic is starting to claw at his chest, shallowing his breath and aggravating his wound, still he refuses to allow his attention to be on anything other than John. John. His John. John who should have woken up by now. John who should be awake and aware. John who should be telling Sherlock to shut up, to go away; or nagging him to eat and get some rest. Instead John continues to sleep on - like some bloody fairytale princess, Sherlock thinks bitterly. Sherlock doesn't want a princess, or a prince; a short-tempered, short-statured, sarcastic, big-hearted ex-army doctor suits him much better, leave the fairytale royalty for those that have need of it.
"You're early. You altered your working hours." John felt the tilt of Sherlock's head as he spoke, the statement turning into more of a question.
Sherlock grins shyly before waving his hands expansively. "In the European firefly, it's only the female that glows, but the female is flightless! That's what I missed in the lab! They were all female carcasses in Lechner's pocket, but all had wings! This part of Austria has only been recently opened up to public access, it's been undisturbed for decades, lots of unique creatures have evolved here, including, it would seem, these glorious female flying fireflies!" Grabbing John by the shoulders he shoves him towards some of the trees. "Use your torch and search in all the hollows; it won't be in the ground as it would damage the gems, look at about mid-height, John. The hair gems are here!"
"What, in our history together, will have set precedence for that? She knows that I am a loner, trusting very few people and I believe she thinks your pride won't allow you to discuss it." Sherlock adopts his usual thinking position, hands steepled in front of his chin, fingertips resting lightly on his lower lip. "Just keep her sweet with tea and sympathy, Mrs Hudson; John and I will do whatever is required but you must let us know if you feel at all threatened, do you understand? I won't have you getting hurt."
Sherlock gives an eloquent shrug in reply, looking down at his hands when she frowns at him for too long.  She turns her concern on John, fussing with his sheets, allowing Sherlock time to formulate an answer.
." It is now John's turn to moan as he feels Sherlock's breath on his hand, followed by Sherlock's warm lips caressing him. The touch of a warm tongue between his fingers causes his breath to falter, before gulping in a deep gasp at the firm touch of a hand on his shoulder.
John scans the man in front of him and is surprised to see that his willowy build is more one of nature’s design than the ravages of substance abuse or poor diet and that, although he looks ragged and ill-kept, his clothes are old and worn rather than dirty and neglected, his skin weathered rather than filthy.
. The sensation is so much more than he's ever experienced before; he wants to look down, to see where his body is being tenderly held, but he knows that seeing his cock in Sherlock's mouth will be too much for his self control. It becomes apparent extremely quickly that Sherlock has indeed been doing his research; a firm tongue cups his length as full lips close around him. Long fingers trail up his inner thigh before a strong hand wraps itself around him; all sensation now centres around his cock, around Sherlock's ministrations. Each lick, suck and rub drives John closer to the edge and he fights against it, never wanting the moment to end. His hands have wandered into Sherlock's hair, fingers entwined with damp locks as he does nothing more than just hold on and ride the sensations. His head is pressed back and sweat is streaming from him, his hips are shallowly thrusting and his thighs are trembling from the effort of not giving in and thrusting hard. Groans are mixed in with gasped profanities as his climax edges closer and closer: he tugs at Sherlock's hair, the only indicator he can give that he is so close. Sherlock responds by taking him deeper, sucking harder, muted moans filling the hot air. "
John spent the first part of his morning rearranging his appointments, using his influence with the other doctors to take them over or simply moving them to another date. This meant that he now had the next week off and only needed to work the rest of the morning.
A short word of warning here, in this chapter Sherlock recounts his experiences at the hands of his jailers in Serbia.  I've tried to keep it non-graphic.
Before Sherlock can respond, John pushes up onto his toes and places his lips over Sherlock's. He pulls Sherlock deeper into the kiss with a firm hand at the nape of his neck. Sherlock's lips part beneath his and the kiss rapidly deepens, John sliding his tongue against Sherlock's, groaning at the sensation. He doubts he will ever have enough of this man, each touch and kiss makes him simply yearn for more. Sherlock adjusts the angle of the kiss, pulling John's pyjama-clad form against his naked body and John ceases to think, his body and mind running on pure instinct. He wriggles out of his pyjama bottoms, groaning as his erection brushes over the soft skin of Sherlock's thigh. Reluctantly, he breaks the kiss to pull his t-shirt off. He runs his hands over Sherlock's body, tracing the contours of firm muscles along his sides and over the subtle curves of his hips, before flattening his palms and pulling Sherlock flush against him. The press of Sherlock's erection against his stomach reinforces John's determination to lavish him with attention; he may not have Sherlock's research results to guide him but he knows the things he wants to do and his body appears to be guiding him on how to do them.
Sherlock looks far too alert, considering he had just experienced a rather spectacular orgasm but John supposes it's just another quirk of Sherlock's uniqueness, another facet to love. Bright eyes sweep over John's crouching form, lingering on John's erection.
"Better?" Sherlock's tone is intimate and warm, matching the sensation of his skin against John's.  John sighs and nods, rubbing his cheek against Sherlock's.
"More...... Oh God........ Sherlock, I need more." His words are panted into Sherlock's arched neck. Sherlock responds with a firm glide of his hips over John's. His elbows are now braced either side of John's head, his fingers buried deep into the pile of the rug, his face hangs down and he peppers John's skin with kisses before sealing his lips over John's, the kiss languid and slow. His hips move in the same rhythm, each sure stroke sliding Sherlock's open trousers further down his narrow hips and catching at the waist of his boxers. Slowly, Sherlock slides his right hand down over John's heaving chest, stopping only when he reaches the top of John's jeans. John arches up in an attempt at more contact but Sherlock simply flicks the button open and slides the zip down. For a moment he lets the back of his hand rest, hot and heavy, on John's abdomen; John arches again and again and uses one hand to push his jeans down to his thighs before grabbing on to Sherlock's backside once more. He clenches his buttocks and pushes up at the same time as he pulls Sherlock down, the resultant deep thrust causing the head of Sherlock's erection to escape the confines of his boxers.
"Early death?"  John raises himself up to look at Sherlock's face, trying to deduce what Sherlock is talking about.
“Yes, although…” Sherlock hesitates again.  “As a child I wanted to be a pirate.  I thought Sherlock sounded more pirate-y and it just sort of ….stuck.”  Sherlock gestures vaguely with one slim hand.
The action is enough to halt their dance and Sherlock looks between Lady Smallwood and John, bewilderment showing clear on his face.
“Morning.”  John responds softly, only just managing to hold back an endearment, amazed at how natural, how right, the change in their relationship seems.
Sherlock took John's continued silence in his stride. He had expected John's refusal  and was taking the slack jaw and sudden nervous twitching to be such.  He had been researching the importance of dancing in relationships for weeks and was eager to share his knowledge with John. He knew that he did not have many more moments left with John and had determined to make each moment memorable. Teaching John to dance had seemed like the perfect idea, it would give John a head start in his married life and allow Sherlock to gain an element of physical closeness he knew he could never otherwise  have.
"God help me, Sherlock, I would have chosen you. I'll always choose you." John's voice was gruff; the deep emotion held in check, but the words clear, the honesty blinding.
“I suspect that was purposeful, John.  To see which people are really committed and which people are merely making noise.  Although, I still fail to see how useful our being here is. This is something Mycroft could observe through his network of security cameras or, if he wants the more human touch, by sending one of his own people.  Someone whose face isn't known.”
"I'm sure we'll manage just fine, Sherlock." The answering twinkle in John's eye and his mischievous smile, all the answer Sherlock requires.
Sherlock steps cautiously further into the room, glancing around almost as if it’s his first time in the room.
He has always enjoyed John’s singing; on the whole, John has a respectable singing voice, his sheer enjoyment and enthusiasm making up for the random off-key wobbles.
“At this point in my life I’ve pretty much accepted the fact that I’m practically nocturnal.” Lestrade chuckles wearily, dragging his free hand over his stubbled chin. “Enough of the delaying tactics, Sherlock.  I need to know what happened from the moment you left this hospital to the moment you came back.”
It takes all of Sherlock’s self-control not to rut down on to the bed beneath him and bring himself to completion.
Looking down at Sherlock John's heart ached at the vulnerability he saw there. "For a genius you really do tend to miss the bloody obvious Sherlock." John's words were softly spoken but intense. "This thing that's between us? It's bloody perfect! Making love with you was honestly mind blowing, but having you here, beside me, in my arms, it's the best thing ever. I don't want this to be a one off. I want this to be a forever thing. Do you understand Sherlock? You and me, forever."
"It's a private celebration, Mrs Hudson."  Sherlock's rich baritone is laced with happiness, his eyes a sparkling bright blue, their gaze flicking between her and John.
Sherlock stops rifling through his bag to look at John, an unusual softness to his features. "No. I was going to stay in, work on the laptop whilst you slept. Order something John, then get some sleep." Sherlock finally grabs his toiletries and disappears into the small en-suite.
John makes a slight detour to talk to the concierge before rejoining Sherlock in the bar, where they have decided to have a relaxed lunch. Surprisingly, Sherlock merely raises an eyebrow on John’s return, allowing John to keep his secrets for once.  The happiness that John exudes as he eats his lunch is worth the extra effort that Sherlock uses to keep his deductions to himself.  It is obvious that John is keeping very much in role as smitten boyfriend, with his secret smiles and gentle touches, and Sherlock is more than willing to play along.  He is aware that when they are back in Baker Street it will be hard to return to a life where the only touches are those of friendship, where the meals they share are those as flatmates, not lovers; but, for now, he will enjoy the facade of a different kind of relationship with John whilst he can.
Time passes and John settles down in the grass, making himself comfortable, his arms folded behind his head, the sun warming his skin.  He lets the rare tranquility seep in to his pores, his eyes drooping to the sound of Sherlock talking quietly to the bees.
John’s voice sounds weaker than Sherlock would expect it to, even accounting for the barrier of the door between them.
"Read on, John." Sherlock, always the quicker reader, has already absorbed all of the information displayed on the page.
“That sounds … acceptable.” Sherlock sends John a deliberately flirtatious look in keeping with their role as loving boyfriends and is intrigued by John’s reaction - a slow lick to his lower lip and slightly dilated pupils.  “After all, isn’t that what boyfriends do? Feed you up?”
But he had begun to doubt his belief with the arrival of Irene Adler, then Sherlock’s engagement to Janine.
Turning the shower on, Sherlock waits for it to warm up, trailing long fingers over the faintest suggestion of stubble and decides to shave again.  If the evening goes how he rather thinks it will -
The incomparable Lockedinjohnlock continues to do an outstanding job readying this for being made into a podfic!
"Really? I rather hoped I could lend a hand." Sherlock looms over him, taking his face between his large hands, looking intently into John's eyes before meeting John's lips with his own. The kiss that follows leaves John breathless. It's searing in its intensity and in a few short minutes has John beginning to get hard in his trousers, desperate for Sherlock's touch.
"So," Sherlock watches as John steels himself for what he obviously considers to be a difficult conversation. John's shoulders pull back, his grip tightens on the cup and Sherlock can see the muscles at his jaw working as he clenches, deciding on how best to start. Equally fascinated and horrified, Sherlock admires the way that John's cheekbones became more prominent in the way that he knows means John is about to speak.
John can't quite hold back the smile that pulls at his lips. Here and there are photos of her cat, Toby and although her office is organised and efficient, Molly's personality has made its mark. Little cat figurines nestle amongst the medical books, a framed photo of Molly and Toby sits next to the light-box used to read X-Rays. A baby pink scarf rests over the back of a black leather office chair, it's softness at odds with the solid bulk of the chair. He sits in the chair that Molly directs him to, taking off his coat and jumper and rolling up the sleeve of his shirt.
John tilts his head and places light kisses into Sherlock's hair before wrapping his arm around Sherlock's shoulder and placing his other hand on Sherlock's thigh where it rests over him.
Sherlock raises a single eyebrow and somehow that is enough to break the tense atmosphere, quiet chuckles drift in the air and John rubs a hand sheepishly over the nape of his neck before tilting his head back and exhaling loudly.
"God, you're so amazing. Beauty and brains." John looks up as he speaks and catches Sherlock looking at him like
John enjoys his first experience riding a tram, the gentle rocking rhythm causing him to bump into Sherlock and on one memorable occasion make a rapid grab for him when they both lost their footing at an intersection. Shock had quickly morphed into laughter, only ceasing when both men averted their faces, sniggers muffled into the collar of their coats.
"Very well." Mycroft bows his head in acknowledgement, a brief look of approval flickering over his otherwise stern features. "I'm glad to see you have finally got your priorities straight, Doctor Watson. My brother needs you and England needs my brother. "
Fifteen minutes later a newly re-dressed Sherlock walks back towards John’s room, halting mid-step at the sight of Mary and Mycroft awaiting him.  He takes a few calming breaths before hitching on an obviously fake smile and moving to meet them.
Thanks to Iriya for their help correcting  my punctuation and grammar in the translations! Much appreciated!
The comforting sounds of tea-making fill the room but John still remains fixated on his hands, his mind seemingly miles away.  The clunk of the mug being put on the table alerts him to the arrival of his drink, pulling him back to the here and now.
“Sherlock, love?”  John intercedes, reading the signs of an impending long conversation.  “We had an early start this morning, let’s get booked in, unpack, grab some lunch and relax?”  He leans some of his weight against Sherlock, feigning weariness, his head resting against Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock is reading through the newly found notebook. Pages full of his spidery writing lie around his feet and his pen races across his Moleskine as he translates the secrets that Empress Elisabeth consigned to their pages so many decades ago. His feet rest up on the dashboard and the bend of his legs makes the perfect rest for the books. His dark curls are unruly from where his hands have been running through them and his lower lip is chewed red. Sherlock in research mode is a Sherlock deeply absorbed. Which is why, when one long fingered hand reaches across and briefly squeezes John’s knee, he reacts with a gasp. This provokes a low chuckle from Sherlock, who continues with his work.
He admits he had not coped well with the realisation that John and Mary were expecting a child, it was very much the final nail in the coffin in regards of John continuing to spend time with him; work with him.  Mary would, quite rightly, need for him to be at home to help with their child; would expect him to keep regular hours so that they could provide stability for their child. That, of course, had all changed when he’d been shot. John had been angry with Mary for so long - resenting her, resenting the child - that Sherlock hadn’t had time to process his own feelings on the situation fully.  John forgave Mary, as Sherlock knew he would, and the baby became a very real factor once more.  He thought he would ‘put up’ with the child, the way he had with John’s girlfriends.  As such, he had been ill-prepared for the flood of love that he had felt when he had first held her in his arms; crying and covered in vernix caseosa, none the worse for her sudden arrival in the back of a car.  An arrival he’d played an unexpectedly active role in.  He’d loved the days when John and Mary had visited, dropping exhausted on his sofa, leaving him in sole care of their daughter. Trusting him. He had taken great care to only call her ‘Watson’, thus always reminding himself to whom she belonged.  His heart had broken at the event of Mary’s death; not only at the loss of a woman he had grown to cautiously like but at the loss of John, with everything that he represented, and the loss of his goddaughter.
John sighs when Sherlock's arm rests over his stomach, the reassuring weight of it easing away the last of John's stresses.  John relaxes more deeply and is just on the cusp of sleep when he feels Sherlock's hand slip inside the front of his dressing gown.  Dexterous fingers paint soothing patterns on his bare skin and John wishes he could extend this moment indefinitely, the peace and tranquility lulling him back to sleep.
Sherlock continued to study John, his eyes narrowing as he tried to work out why John was avoiding answering him. John's body language was tense, closed down, his grip on the counter top hard enough to turn his knuckles white, his breathing deep and forcibly controlled. Anger? No, arousal.
Please forgive any mistakes you see in the text, my writing app is refusing to play nicely and I had to type the whole chapter directly into AO3, very tedious and I'm sure I've made load of mistakes!
Jesus Christ. John knew that this song applied to him utterly. How to be brave? He knew he needed to be brave enough, needed to take that one step closer, so that he would not lose Sherlock again.
“Welcome back, Mary.”  She smirks at herself. “Or should I say welcome back Angela?”  The name feels odd on her lips it’s been so long since she's gone by it.  She repeats it again, this time using her natural accent, the name still feels odd to her but she knows, given time, it will feel normal again.
“Sherlock, now, I need you now!” John begs, his head pushed back into the pillows, one hand tugging at Sherlock’s hair, the other flailing at Sherlock’s back, encouraging Sherlock to move up.
“Why did he confide in you? And why did you choose this particular weekend to tell me how you felt?”
"Everything ok?" John stretches for his phone and checks the time.  "Are you in pain? You're not due your meds for a few hours yet." John yawns and pulls himself up into a sitting position, weight resting against the pillows gathered behind him.
"Sherlock, I find this sort of thing difficult, and I need you to listen, really listen.  Can you do that for me? It seems that music has always been part of our lives and somehow you and I have always been dancing." Sherlock sighed as John pulled him closer. "Whether it's been the sound of your violin, the sound of the blood pumping through our veins or, more recently, the music we've been dancing to, it seemed appropriate that I used music to explain..... Well, just listen."
The dark brown leather boots sit at the edge of his bed and the Stetson rests on his duvet.  He had debated on going with a morally ambiguous grey, not knowing if in his real life he was more of a ‘good’ guy or ‘bad’ guy but had eventually decided on white, the traditional colour of the hat belonging to the ‘hero’, not wanting to get in to any deep and meaningful conversations about his hat at the party.  John had forgone the whip, the spurs and the guns as it had been politely, but firmly, stated on the invitation that weapons, real or otherwise, would be confiscated at the door and returned, if appropriate, at the end of the party.
John closes his eyes and forces himself to think over his relationship with Mary, to make himself dwell on thoughts and feelings that he has previously shied away from.
"Position John." Fighting to keep his voice even as John placed his hands correctly, one in his own hand, one on his back, Sherlock moved his own into position. The moment his hand made contact with John's shoulder the mad whirring in his mind slowed, changing gears to a lower, more bearable pace.
John has the distinct impression that Sherlock is talking about more than the new position the pillow has placed him in.
“That can be arranged.”  Mycroft makes a note in a small book that has been resting on the table next to him.  “With this in mind, I will inform Ms Morstan’s parents that her daughter died whilst AWOL from the military.  It may give them some much-needed closure over her whereabouts.”
John's eyes are darting between Sherlock's long fingers and his plush lips and he decides he's just too tired to deal with his whirling brain and seemingly out-of-hand libido.
Tossing the room service menu at John, Sherlock eases himself off the bed. "Order yourself something to eat. I'm going to grab a shower and then do a bit more research."
"No. My answer is no. I've already told you I'm not taking on any new work until after John's wedding. John is my main priority now." Sherlock's voice was cold but John couldn't help the warm feeling he had from hearing Sherlock say that he was a priority. A private smile hovered briefly on his lips as once again Mycroft looked in his direction.
"Sherlock. When you..." Mrs Hudson's voice broke. "When you..... jumped, two people died that day. You....... and John. It may have been your body broken on the ground but his very essence died in that moment."
Before John can react to the look so clearly shown on Sherlock's face it is gone, the usual facade back in place. John is almost convinced that he imagined the look, except for the way that Josef is looking between them. Something had almost happened there and Josef had witnessed it. Clenching and releasing his fists in an effort to calm himself, John follows the rapidly disappearing Sherlock along the corridor. Josef walks beside him, but thankfully does not attempt small talk, John is fairly certain that words are currently beyond him.
"Oh Christ, Sherlock."  John's body is flooding with heat, his heart pounding, the telltale tingle in his balls of an approaching climax.  John clenches his jaw to help maintain his control. His cock twitches as Sherlock exhales against him, John groans, gripping harder on Sherlock's shoulders. The idea of marking Sherlock's marble skin is hugely appealing to John and he allows himself to glory in the fantasy before feeling Sherlock's fingers flex on his hips.  John forces his eyes open, looking down at Sherlock,  he can read the indecision clear in Sherlock's whole posture.
John sniffs and pinches the bridge of his nose, blinking rapidly to try and suppress the wash of emotion he is feeling.
"What. Do. You. Know." Each word was carefully enunciated, Sherlock's fist clenching and unclenching.
Sherlock feels cold steel pressed against his temple and closes his eyes, at least he will die surrounded by the people he cares about; his family.
The nurse helps Sherlock move from his position on John’s bed before going to help John, reorganising the leads from the remaining machines and straightening his sheets.
He presses the tube of rediscovered lube into John’s hand. John takes the hint and pours some into his hands, massaging it with his fingers to warm it.
Feeling both emotionally and physically exhausted Sherlock rests his head on his forearms, leaving his hand lightly atop John’s.  He allows himself to sleep, secure in the knowledge that John is safe and receiving the care he needs.  Sherlock wakes an hour or so later when Lestrade pops in and says a few quiet words to John, before leaving to finally go home.  Before Sherlock drifts back to sleep once again Mycroft visits to say he is leaving but that he has stationed undercover agents throughout the hospital and that Mary remains under surveillance.
Since returning to John after two long years away he had come to realise how important John was to him. How he only felt whole when John was close; John's heart and his mind finally making one whole, living, breathing being.
, fireflies, but there's something odd about them. We don't get many in the UK, negligible numbers, really, but there have been more regular sightings in Austria. I need to discover what they fed on so I can trace precisely where they came from."
Magnussen’s words of unsubtle threat hang heavy in the stale air of the hospital, almost visible and, judging by the grim expression on John’s face, Sherlock is not the only one struggling against the foulness Magnussen’s visit has left behind.
When John’s arms begin to shake Sherlock alters his position and uses both arms to pull John against him, moaning when their cocks align.
"Luciolinae?" John takes a large gulp of his water and eyes Sherlock's plate, happily surprised to see how much has been consumed. Dabbing the napkin over his lips, John leans back in his chair, giving Sherlock his undivided attention.
Each toe is lovingly sucked and tasted as long fingers travel along the arch of John’s foot. Once that leg is complete Sherlock begins his examination of the other, this time starting at the foot, not stopping until he is once again nosing at John’s pubic hair.
"Michael Allen was transferred from a private care facility in Ohio to a private care facility in St. John's Wood, London, six years ago," he reads. The words begin to swim in his vision a little before a gentle squeeze to his thigh has him reading aloud again. John is amazed at how calm his voice sounds. "Michael is confined to his bed due to the effects of a fire at his home during his twentieth year. Michael had fallen down the stairs during his attempt to flee the fire, thus breaking his back. He was unable to leave the building unaided and as a result, sustained severe burns to seventy-five percent of his body, leaving him virtually unrecognisable."
I'm also going to take the opportunity to say thank you for all the wonderful comments, every single one is treasured and makes a huge difference to me, personally and artistically.
A cup of hot, sweet orange juice sits on his bedside cabinet alongside a thermos containing more of the warming liquid.
“Yep.”  Sherlock pops the P, attempting to keep the conversation casual whilst simultaneously hoping John will understand the import of Sherlock sharing his real name.
, John." The colour is still high on Sherlock's face, his intelligent eyes fixed solely on John and John feels empowered by the scrutiny.
Laughing lightly, Mary lowered their joined hands to her lap. "I'm not delirious John, don't worry. I meant I can read how you feel for Sherlock but it seems he can't.  How strange."
"I've brought myself to orgasm so many times imagining that it's you touching me. Your hands trailing over my body, your fingertips dancing across my skin, leaving trails of sweet sensation. Sometimes the fantasies are elaborate but my favourites are the ones that could be true." He squirms in his bed, his arousal presenting itself as a throbbing between his legs, a quickening of his pulse. "I'll imagine that I'm the one doing the touching this time. That you've just come home from a shift, you're tired, but not exhausted. I greet you with a kiss, gentle to start but then you respond, opening your mouth to me, welcoming me in. I back you up against the wall, thrusting my tongue into your mouth, my hips mirroring the motion against yours. Your hands are in my hair, mine are on your backside, tugging you closer, swallowing the moans that you make. The kiss goes on until we are both light-headed and breathless, desperate for more."
“And no-one thought to wake me and alert me to the news?”  Sherlock’s sleep heavy voice still manages to convey his irritation clearly.
“Boyfriend - do you have to use that juvenile terminology?”  Sherlock wrinkles his nose in distaste but does not let go of John’s hand as they wait for the lift.
Before John can articulate any thoughts, the waiter returns with a cardboard box containing, John presumes, more apple strudel.
After a few seconds of peppering kisses over Sherlock's damp abdomen, John crawls up Sherlock's body, hands and knees on either side. He leans and delivers a deep kiss, nipping at Sherlock's lower lip, chuckling at the sight of a flushed and utterly blissed-out Sherlock.
“Just remembering a case from a few years ago.  The one with the investment banker and the ballet dancer.”  Sherlock lies.  As always, he is able to recall case details at a moment’s notice.
"Did I understand that correctly? Is our waiter's name really Angelo?" John's face is almost comically surprised, it seems like fate is most definitely taking a hand in getting him and Sherlock together.
John didn't try to hide the tears that now escaped him.  He let them soak unashamedly into Sherlock's pillow, crying tears that both of them needed to shed. His heart bled for Sherlock; he wanted nothing more than to turn and engulf Sherlock in an embrace but he knew that Sherlock needed to talk, that it was part of his healing.  "They dragged me back to my cell where they chained me up, leaving me half naked and  I was arranged so that my arms were pulled out to the side.  I was too weak to support my own weight and more often than not I dangled limply from the chains, unable to sit or lie down. I was left like that for days, no food or drink, just the occasional check from a guard to ensure I was still alive.  Shortly after, the beatings started in earnest.  Sometimes they would beat me with rope, conducting their own sadistic experiments into what would bite the deepest, draw the most blood, take the longest to heal.  From time to time, infection would set in and in my delirium, I would call for you.  The guards would grudgingly nurse me back to health - after all the game would be no fun on a corpse.  They would taunt me with threats of what they would do to you if they got their hands on you.  How they would beat you, cut you ...... rape you... force me to watch."
"You really want to know?" His words are husky, his own want for Sherlock now clear in his voice. He studies Sherlock's face closely; when it is evident that there is no guile he licks his lips and delights in the way that Sherlock tracks the movement of his tongue. "I want to trace the shape of your mouth with my cock. I want to leave the wet evidence of my desire glistening on your lips, to see it shining on your skin before you lick it off and sample a taste of me. I want to slide my cock inside that delectable mouth of yours and feel it embrace me. I want to feel your lips slide along my hard length and I want to feel your tongue work me, teasing the head of my cock, tasting me. I want to see your lips purse tight around me as you suck and I want to see some of my release dribble from your mouth when I come, the rest I want to see you swallow. I want to taste myself on your lips and in your mouth, and then, I want to do the same to you. Christ, how I want."
"And a good morning to you, too, Sherlock." John doesn't even try to keep the silly grin off his face; if possible it only widens when the same happiness is reflected on Sherlock's. His youthful face, always the dichotomy, is wreathed in laughter lines and wrinkles as he smiles down at John, his eyes sparkling as they study him. Obviously satisfied with whatever it is he sees, Sherlock gently kisses John on the end of his nose, eliciting a shocked boyish giggle in response.
John's voice sounds wrecked and Sherlock can picture what he looks like. Forcing his eyes open he looks to see how fantasy John resembles actual John. He is flushed and his eyes are dark with arousal, chest heaving as he keeps his gaze fixed on Sherlock.
“You were in shock, John.  Mourning the sudden death of your wife, no-one thinks any less of you.”  Sherlock sips his tea, not looking directly at John in case he makes him feel even more uncomfortable.
He had spent the day tense, on edge every time John had passed him, blushing furiously when John had met his gaze or touched him. In the hospital their new intimacy had seemed easy, natural. Back in Baker Street, Sherlock was suddenly more aware of how much further he wanted things to go with John, how much more he wanted them to be. How very much more he'd have to lose.
"Guide me, Sherlock."  John's words are breathed against the delicate skin of his inner thigh even as his hands are placed in John's hair.  For a moment Sherlock panics, this is utterly new to him, he has never allowed - never wanted - anyone this close to him before.  Only when John caresses him once again does his mind still once more.  With each long, strong stroke of tongue on his penis Sherlock holds John's hair a little firmer.  When John takes the head of him in again, circling his tongue gently under Sherlock's foreskin, Sherlock tugs a little on the hair in his grasp.  The ensuing vibration from John's deep, pleasured moan encourages Sherlock to grip more firmly onto John's short hair and guide him so that more of his penis is encased in the hot warmth of John's mouth.  John moans again and Sherlock cannot stop himself from thrusting his hips up.  John's grip on his hips alters, then increases.  To Sherlock's wonder it is not to hold him still, rather the altered grip allows John to gently encourage Sherlock in his thrusts.  Tentatively Sherlock thrusts again, and is rewarded by another pleasured moan and deep suck of his penis.  The idea that John is gaining as much pleasure from this as he is is astounding to Sherlock.  He remembers vividly how it felt to have John in his mouth, hard and throbbing, how torn he was about wanting to keep John in his mouth for ages and wanting to taste him as he flooded him with his release.  How each moan, gasp and pulse from John had only pushed his own pleasure closer to the edge.
"John?" Sherlock reaches for John's other hand, inordinately pleased when John meets him half way. "Is there any reason to believe that Mary isn't pregnant?"
“True.”  Sherlock concedes.  “Although there was a time, and not very long ago in the grand scheme of things, when you could be heard to say ‘I’m not gay’ at fairly frequent intervals.”
"Yes, I am! I keep trea.... Hang on a minute, you got that reference?" The look of utter amazement on John's face should have been insulting but instead Sherlock found himself thinking how loveable John looked at that moment.
Sherlock’s eyes sparkle with amusement, his full lips purse briefly before his mouth relaxes into a satisfied smile.
"You do know you can't actually die of sexual frustration don't you, Sherlock?"  John chuckles, happy that they are still able to tease each other.
“I have very little evidence to support what I am about to say, John.” He warns. “Her accent is inconsistent, indicating she isn't originally from Britain or that she has spent at least some of her formative years out of the country. She is confident with a gun, her poise and aim indicating that it is likely to be something more than a hobby.” He unconsciously moves his hand to hover over his wound. “ Her poise and aim are perfect, speaking of intense training and years honing her skills. The skills of an assassin, in fact. Up until five years ago she did not appear to exist, apparently taking her name from a gravestone at that time.” Sherlock takes a breath, focusing on John. John looks exhausted but grim determination is clear in the set of his jaw.
"I can't change the drip for you Sherlock. I'll look after you at home, but let the good people here do their job. I will talk to them about getting the other stuff off you, though; give you a bit more freedom of movement. You've been coming in and out of consciousness for a few days now and they were able to remove the catheter before you woke earlier. You were lucky you were asleep; it's not always a pleasant experience for the patient. You're going to need some help either peeing into a bottle or using the loo." John gives a lopsided grin before kissing Sherlock's blazing hot cheek and leaves to go and talk to the nurses.
"Obsessive behaviour? Was he trying to control her life? Not allowing her out of the house? God, that's awful."
And that's the best you can manage is it? Really John I despair of you sometimes. Surely my blogger can come up with something more original than 'bloody big brain'! - SH
“Have fun with Nanny and Auntie Molly, okay sweetheart?  We’ll be back in just a few days.  Love you.”  He presses a kiss to Rosie’s cheek before passing her to Mrs. Hudson’s awaiting arms.  Sherlock doesn’t see the smile on John’s face as he leans in to press a kiss first to Rosie’s cheek then to Mrs. Hudson’s, but nothing escapes Mrs Hudson’s keen eye and she smiles fondly over at Molly who responds with a smile and almost Sherlockian eye-roll.
“He’s a strong man, Sherlock and a stubborn arse on top of that, he’ll pull through.”  Lestrade reassures, altering his hold on Sherlock’s shoulder to become that of a reassuring pat. Once again Sherlock finds the friendly gesture comforting rather than its usual source of irritation.  “You need to stay strong too.”
"Greg! Greg Lestrade you idiot! He's a good bloke Sherlock, learn his name!" John had decided to let the Mycroft comment pass, working instead to keep the mood light by resorting to affectionate name calling.
He was aware of how intimate he and Sherlock had become during their talk. Their bodies were still flush together and the merest of centimetres kept their faces apart.  One of his legs had slipped between Sherlock's and was resting between his knees. Slowly, John moved his hand from the curve of Sherlock's neck, where it had been resting since wiping the tears away, to the nape. Gently he moved his fingers through Sherlock's hair until his hand was cupping the back of Sherlock's head.  With the lightest of pressure, John moved Sherlock's head until they were once again resting forehead to forehead.  John held Sherlock tight against him, never breaking eye contact.  He felt Sherlock's free arm push under his body and press against his back,  felt the arm tighten as Sherlock allowed himself to relax into the embrace.  Finally, Sherlock closed his eyes and, tilting his head up, pressed a soft kiss at the point where his head had just been resting.  Sherlock then buried his nose in John's hair, inhaling deeply.
"What's the matter, love? Are you in pain? I can't give you any more painkillers, yet." He rocks Sherlock in his arms and presses kisses into the soft hair beneath his lips. Sherlock relaxes into the embrace but he can't stop the tears from coming. Years of longing and not being able to have, break through. Images of every time he should have said something but never did through fear of losing John. The heartache of standing beside John as he married someone else. And finally, the fear he had felt when he thought he was dying and leaving John alone, alone and in danger and never aware of how much Sherlock loved him. It all comes crashing through. He hides his face in John's neck and allows, if only for a short time, the fear, the loss and the pain to wash out of him. John continues to rock him, whispering nonsensical words and rubbing the nape of his neck.
"Just choose a bed, Sherlock. It's not rocket science." John's voice is soft and rich with affection.
"Nonsense. You are the one in the habit of romanticising things, as is evident from that inane blog you insist on keeping." Sherlock removed his hand from John's shoulder, waving it around disdainfully. "Ever the romantic."
With the same care, Sherlock slides his thumb over John’s lower lip, his breath catching when John allows his lips to part slightly.
Sherlock's tall frame suddenly collapsed, falling into his chair as effectively as if the puppet master had cut his strings. Leaning his face into his hands Sherlock took several deep breaths, trying to calm the churning inside, holding back the bile that now flooded his mouth and throat. His breathing was laboured and for a long moment he felt as if he were back in his torturers hands with no hope of escape. John, his John, was lost to him. He was too noble a man to abandon a child, a child he was having with a woman he cared for, loved even.
remember that I was going to suggest that you came and stayed with me and Mary whilst you recuperated, so that we could keep an eye on you whilst you healed, help you where necessary.
The wonderful Lockedinjohnlock is still patiently working her way through this story, knocking it into shape for a podfic!
“They're the people Mycroft told you he wanted watched.”  John answers calmly, face tipped up slightly, undergoing Sherlock’s intense scrutiny without flinching or complaint.
“I know something happened, Sherlock, and I know Mary is somehow involved. I’m not an idiot.” John insists, hints of his former stubbornness evident.
"Oh, I do exist then.  I thought the fact that I sent you a photo of your daughter last night would be worthy of a response, but apparently not." Mary's eyes are cold but her hands are grasped in her lap, whether resisting the temptation to attack or to prevent her from wringing them, Sherlock does not know.
“Take the left hand side, John.”  Sherlock walks round to the right side of the bed, pulling back the covers before sliding in.  When John continues to hesitate Sherlock speaks again.  “Your left shoulder rarely bothers you now, apart from a little stiffness in cold or damp weather; but you still prefer to sleep so that your shoulder is to the open room; this position kept it well away from the wall in the early days of your recovery with only a single bed to sleep in.  Since then you choose to sleep on the left side of a shared bed, unconsciously protecting your left shoulder and leaving your right shoulder free for a partner to rest on, should they wish to.  It also means you can turn to face your bed partner, perhaps sleep facing them, with no strain being put on a shoulder you still don’t quite trust, despite the fact you have almost a full range of motion and have full strength in it.”
Feeling exhausted from the sudden drop in adrenalin and lack of sleep, John can feel his eyelids drooping. The last thing he clearly remembers before sleep overtakes him is the steady beat of Sherlock's heart against his shoulder.
"Heartless, my arse." Sherlock opens his mouth to query John's statement but promptly forgets what he wants to say when John crushes their lips together.
“Oh god, Sherlock!” John grinds out between clenched teeth, sweat dancing on his brow, the intensity of the sensation overloading him.
Sherlock is a scientist, first and foremost, and as such understands the need to test a hypothesis.  This weekend - the whole ‘pretending to be a couple,’ could definitely work in his favour; Sherlock decides to study John’s reactions to proximity, to a touch or embrace initiated by Sherlock and, if it seems relevant, a chaste kiss.  Deciding to test his theory, he leans in closer to John.  Resting his hand lightly over John’s he waits until John looks at him; observing the way he swallows, the way his eyes dart momentarily to Sherlock’s lips, before leaning in further.  For a moment Sherlock allows how he feels about John to show on his face before pressing his lips, briefly, to John’s.   He pulls back to study John’s reaction, ignoring his own pounding heart and heated skin.  John looks gratifyingly stunned, before blinking and licking his lips, his gaze once again wandering back Sherlock’s lips.
The amazing, helpful, supportive and kind Lockedinjohnlock has taken on the tough task of helping me to knock this into shape in the hope of turning into a podfic. I can't praise her dedication and kindness enough! She is helping to improve my writing and my confidence in it. I am hugely flattered that she has offered to look this over and (fingers crossed) podfic this!
They walk the short distance to the bathroom, arms loosely around each other's waists, enjoying the pleasure such simple contact brings. Sherlock keeps glancing over at John, still almost unwilling to believe that it's all absolutely real. That John has left Mary, that Mycroft is having papers drawn up that will nullify the marriage, that John has returned home and that John seems to want, maybe even love, him as much as he does John. If it weren't for the slight itch of their combined semen drying on his skin and the ache in his legs, Sherlock is certain he would be able to write off the earlier events as a particularly realistic fantasy.
“Originally the job was given to a man named James Moriarty.”  She notices the flinch that Sherlock tries too late to suppress. “Yes, I thought that name might garner a reaction.”  She smirks.  “Apparently he succeeded in his task but paid for it with his death. Although he was rather more successful in killing himself than you were.” She smiles at Sherlock, almost as if they were friends sharing a secret, Sherlock shudders.  Mary places a cool hand on his bare shoulder and Sherlock tries not to pull away as she leans in more closely. “Whispers eventually reached my employer that perhaps you weren't as dead as you wished the world to believe. I was hired to find out more about these rumours and seduce a certain army doctor.  That was no hardship at all.” She leers into Sherlock’s face.
"I can mean them.  I do mean them.  I will always mean them.  Always."  At John's softly spoken, but heartfelt, words, Sherlock loosens his grip slightly on John's wrists, allowing John to raise himself up until they are resting cheek to cheek.  "Always, Sherlock."  The words are uttered directly into Sherlock's ear.
“Mmmm, delicious.”  Sherlock smiles, leaning back in his chair and swiping another piece of toast and some pâté, this time feeding himself, effectively breaking the moment.
Carefully, Sherlock moves from his bed, absently noting how much better he feels from letting his body relax when it needs to, and pours John a glass of water from their shared jug, placing it in readiness on John’s bedside unit.
"What was it you said last night, John? 'Half the joy is in the anticipation. Everything is better if you have to wait for it.' Believe me, John. You'll be ecstatic that you waited for it."
“Are you the family of Doctor John Watson?”  He queries, his accent is broadly East London but with the warm cadence of somewhere else; Mauritius, Sherlock surmises.
John eases himself further up Sherlock's body until his lips brush against Sherlock's hairline, peppering small kisses along the fine frown lines. John gradually moves down, giving a lingering kiss to the indent at the bridge of Sherlock's nose.
His mind drifts back to his final weeks with Mary; they hadn't had sex since she had shot Sherlock. Initially, it had been because he was busy tending to Sherlock, then it had been because he just couldn't bear to be in the same house as her, let alone the same bed. When he had returned, she had tried to initiate intimacy on multiple occasions, all of which he had gently rebuffed. He had managed embraces and the occasional kiss but nothing more. Mary's ire had grown at the same rate as her stomach. She had vanished more and more frequently and John was not as surprised as she had expected him to be when she finally threw in his face the fact that he wasn't the baby's father. She had looked triumphant when she had spat the words out, sure that she had won. It had hurt, it had hurt a lot but he was damned if he was going to let her see his pain. He had merely clenched his fist, done a quick about-turn and packed his bags. Within the hour he had left - his few possessions next to him in a cab. His first thoughts had been to run to Sherlock, but he hadn't. He had initially gone to a hotel and then looked for a cheap flat, available for short term rent. He had stayed in the flat for 4 months, organising his thoughts, clearing the clutter from his head and heart. By the time he finally accepted Sherlock's repeated requests to move back in, he felt more like the man he used to be, the man he was before The Fall.
Sherlock’s hands drop to his trouser fastenings and he hesitates briefly before stepping back over to the side of the bed, reaching out for John.  Confused, John lets Sherlock take his hand, breath hitching when Sherlock presses John’s palm against the front of his trousers.  A sound escapes John at the first feel of Sherlock in his hand, he doesn’t know if it’s a whine or a moan, only that it is a sound of distinct approval.
Once again, Sherlock feels a warm, broad palm come to rest on his shoulder, ordinarily he would take exception to how everyone feels like they have the right to manhandle him, but Sherlock cannot deny the comfort he derives from it.  Lestrade has moved to stand beside him, his body angled so that he manages to both block out the interference from the rest of the hospital and provide much needed, if rarely acknowledged, support.  Lestrade stands silently by, helping to ground Sherlock as Mycroft continues.
John turns on to his side, bringing his face into close proximity to Sherlock’s, his gaze shifts to the way that Sherlock’s hair lies in a crazy halo around his head.  “I assure you, your hair looks equally dishevelled.  Although, on you, it looks rather attractive, whilst I probably resemble a disgruntled poodle overdue a visit to the groomer.”
Weirdly this chapter didn't update on the edits as it should, luckily the ever vigilant LockedinJohnlock noticed!  Honestly, I'd be lost without her!
“Precisely.  Now sod off and leave me in peace.”  Tiredness and worry make Sherlock’s limited patience vanish even more quickly than usual.
The amazing, helpful, supportive and kind Lockedinjohnlock has taken on the tough task of helping me to knock this into shape in the hope of turning into a podfic. I can't praise her dedication and kindness enough! She is helping to improve my writing and my confidence in it. I am hugely flattered that she has offered to look this over and (fingers crossed) podfic this!
John's cry is loud and deep, shouted to the room at large. Sherlock's fuzzy brain mutters something about it being a good thing the windows are shut, as he registers the hot splatter of John's release on his stomach and penis. He manages to hold them up for a moment longer before his legs give and they tumble to the ground, a sweaty, messy tumble of weak limbs and sated smiles. They lie there for long minutes, each capturing their breath but never ceasing touching. John drifts fingers tenderly through Sherlock's sweat-soaked curls before drifting down onto his chest. Sherlock covers John's hand with his own, slightly shaky one, pressing it softly against his chest, just to the side of the bandaging.
Crossing back to the beds, John sits on the edge of the double with a soft groan, the mattress soft and luxurious.
The walk back to their cottage is peaceful, tranquil in only the way a wood at night can be. Small animal sounds snuffle into the midnight air and a cool breeze blows against John's cheeks, before ruffling Sherlock's hair. The walk back seems somehow longer than their walk to the jewel site, but John is not thinking of the time travelled, rather he is concentrating on the precious things he holds. In his right hand he is clutching a tattered canvas bundle, inside which rests old, yet valuable, hair gems; in his left he holds something far more precious to him, something priceless. In this, his dominant hand, he holds the hand of the man he loves; a man who, like him, has survived being broken and returned stronger for it, has learned to find his humanity and embrace it, and, so very much like John, has decided that the time has finally come for the long, lingering,
Lowering his voice, the surgeon continues. “I hope I am not overstepping the mark, John, but I, and other members of the staff, have observed that a certain level of animosity exists between your wife and others close to you, I take the liberty of mentioning this as no attempt has been made to keep this level of antagonism secret.
Anderson opens his mouth to protest but one look at John has him closing it quickly and conceding the papers. The first sensible thing that Sherlock believes Phillip Anderson has ever done.
"Don't pretend like you don't care, Mycroft." John is looking directly at Mycroft, meeting cold eyes and a pugnacious chin straight on. "England may benefit from Sherlock and me working together again, but don't think you can hide your true reason."
"John, you know I love you and it's because I love you that I'm saying this.  You're a good man John, and you deserve to be with the person that you love." Mary's gaze was unwavering but non-judgemental.  She saw John swallow, saw the guilt quickly sweep across his face, only to be replaced with confusion. "And who loves you, the way that he loves you."
Sherlock’s hips are moving of their own volition, gently rocking his penis into the answering hardness of John's. John moves away slightly, causing Sherlock to whine at the loss of friction. The whine quickly turns into a gasp when John guides Sherlock's hand down under the covers to his cock. It feels hot and solid in Sherlock's palm and under John's guidance he tenderly wraps his fingers around it. It takes up more room in his hand than he had originally suspected, proving once again that John Watson is ever the surprise. In theory, Sherlock knows what to do now. He has brought himself to climax on many occasions using a wide range of techniques, watched as others have performed it in, admittedly second rate, online pornography . Now though, with John's penis held almost reverently in his hand, his mind has gone blank. Sensing Sherlock's momentary loss of clarity John closes his hand over Sherlock's and guides Sherlock's hand along his length. Sherlock tightens his hold at the touch of John's breath against his cheek, an almost imperceptible moan hidden in its depths. Tentatively he sweeps his thumb over the head of John's cock, thrilling at the strangely familiar sensation. John's hand is still over his as he slowly explores John's length, letting his fist move down to the very root of John. A slight twist of his wrist and Sherlock is able to use his long fingers to explore the soft roundness of John's testicles; he groans deeply as he cups them in his hand, feeling their weight and heat. John's hand is slack over his, his breath now coming in hot pants against Sherlock's skin.
The look on Sherlock's face causes John's breath to catch; Sherlock has obviously licked his lips at some point and they now glisten in the late morning light; they part slightly in a secret smile, meant only for John. Sherlock's eyes are sparkling, bright blue-green today, and his voice when he speaks is teasingly intimate.
Momentarily losing his balance he was shocked to feel two strong arms wrap firmly around his body, pulling him flush against Sherlock.  "Put your arms around me John, it will help you keep your balance." Sherlock's voice sounded deeper, rougher to John's racing mind. He thought that he heard a hitch in Sherlock's breathing when he wrapped his own arms around him but dismissed the idea quickly.  It was probably not a good idea to let his imagination run away from him whilst he was pressed so close to Sherlock. He could feel the material of Sherlock's shirt against his palms and allowed himself to savour the coolness, desperately pulling his attention away from what other parts of Sherlock he was pressed intimately against.
“Yeah, needed the loo.” John looks remarkably proud of himself and it takes Sherlock a moment to process why John’s statement is wrong.
“John?  You know it won’t always be like this? I won’t always be like this?”  Sherlock finally replies earnestly.  “I’ll still get lost in the work.  Still want to spend time on my experiments.  Still be an arsehole from time to time.”
John shivers at both the declaration and the sensation of warm lips brushing against his skin, nodding before sliding away and grabbing his phone. He chooses blindly from the menu, not overly caring what he selects, offering an appropriate monetary incentive for the order to be completed quickly.
"A couple of times, nothing happened, but we were never awkward with each other. Last I heard he was married and father to twin girls."
"Right. Before this goes any further we need to light a fire in the bedroom, store the gems somewhere safe, clean all this dirt off ourselves, and.... "John holds up one hand, when he sees Sherlock getting ready to interrupt. "And....." He reiterates. "...I'm going to look at that arm of yours."
“Are you going to leave?” Mary questions, the weary tone of her voice indicating she already knows the answer.
Glancing at Sherlock's face, John was relieved to see that he appeared to be resting much more peacefully and he felt a sudden wave of exhaustion wash over him.  Reluctant to leave Sherlock on his own, fearful of a repeat attack, he lay down close to him, stilling when Sherlock snuffled in his sleep.  John heard his name escape Sherlock’s lips, its sound barely more than a sigh and saw Sherlock's hand stretching out, searching for contact in his sleep.
"Sorry? What for? He doesn't know who shot you, does he?" John feels a rush of anger directed at whichever member of their close knit team has broken their trust.
After what seems like hours, Sherlock finally opens his eyes. John lies, relaxed, beside him and somehow they are both still on their sides, faces level with each other. He takes in John's sweaty, flushed face and the way he seems so satiated and smiles. It's a smile that comes from the heart and the soul and he is relieved beyond words when he sees the same emotions reflected in John's eyes and smile. John raises one, slightly shaky hand and smoothes back the sweaty tendrils of Sherlock's fringe. Sherlock sighs and leans into the touch. It is only when he goes to return the loving touch that he realises that both of his hands are still rather intimately touching John. His left hand is cradling John's scrotum whilst his right hand is loosely holding John's softening cock. His hand is covered in rapidly cooling semen and rather than being disgusted with the sensation, Sherlock finds he enjoys it. Realising that John is probably now over sensitised, he goes to move his hands away, surprised when he feels John's gentle touch encouraging him not to move.
. But you know that I fantasise about that; about feeling your mouth around me, your lips and tongue working me." John's skin is flushed and his body tingles with anticipation. He aches for completion but is willing to play Sherlock's game a little longer.
“Mmmm,”  John sighs when they break apart again, his fingers trailing through Sherlock’s hair.  “As nice as this, I think we should head back in, grab some lunch whilst we can.”
John wakes slowly, taking his time to stretch; he enjoys the sense of peace that surrounds him. Really, it's such a shame that they are here on a case rather than a holiday; he'd love to spend such quality time with Sherlock, away from the demands of London. The thought of Sherlock makes John roll to face the single bed; he can't help smiling at the sight that meets him. Sherlock is almost completely wrapped in the sheets, only his face is on show, the covers pulled up round his head like a hood. John can't help thinking how beautiful Sherlock looks, even in sleep, dark eyelashes resting on flushed cheeks, full lips slightly parted and wayward curls resting on his smooth forehead. Perhaps sensing John's gaze, Sherlock wakes. There is plenty of time for John to look away but he finds himself fascinated by the scene before him. Eyelids flutter open, mouth widens in a yawn and finally the long, limber body stretches and breaks out of its cottony cocoon.
"Yes. Empress Elisabeth's, if I'm not mistaken. She was extremely proud of her hair John, let it grow very long; wore it in all sorts of elaborate styles. It really was her crowning beauty." Sherlock's long fingers reverently stroke the long lock of dark hair, before he wraps it up once again.
"I ...." Sherlock hesitates before linking his arms loosely around John's waist. "I don't want to shower alone. Would you, perhaps, care to share with me?"
"I know John." Once again, Mary met John's gaze, no judgement in her eyes, just sadness. Not for herself but for the love that she had almost ruined. "He needs you John.  Not just for the, I have to say slightly crazy work, but for himself. It's like you're his other half, John; you complete him and he completes you. He loves you with every fibre of his being. I care too much about both of you to stand in the way.  I'm letting you go John.... and I'm good with that."
Turning to follow them into the living room, John's gaze is arrested by the sight of Sherlock walking down the stairs. He is wrapped in a sheet and John barely has time to wonder where the sheet came from before he takes in the state of Sherlock's hair. It is quite obviously sex-hair, the curls springing every which way, clearly having been pulled and tugged; and if John can see that, he is damn sure that Mycroft won't miss it. More mortifying still is the faint pink colouring of Sherlock's usually pale throat; the after effects of John's stubble rubbing at the tender skin during their lovemaking. Sherlock meets his embarrassed gaze evenly, wearing the signs of their encounter proudly. Walking to stand in front of John, he raises one elegant hand and smooths down John's hair before tracing the line of John's jaw with delicate fingers. John leans into the touch and lifts his chin, silently asking for a kiss. He is amazed when that kiss is happily bestowed, in full view of their visitors. He becomes momentarily lost in the kiss, only becoming aware of his surroundings at the sound of a throat being loudly cleared. Sherlock leans into John a moment longer, apparently savouring the stolen intimacy, before gliding into the living room. John remains in the hallway a second or two longer before straightening his shoulders and following him.
"Yeah. That'll do." John is too tired to argue, it's easier to agree than try and sort it out tonight. He's aware of Sherlock's bewildered gaze, asking where their room is before Sherlock can speak. She directs them to take the lift to the fourth floor. Just before they walk away her eyes sweep over both John and Sherlock, lingering briefly on their bare ring fingers.
"I've got to go and heat the vegetables through for dinner, love." Sherlock smiles shyly and John grins as he sees Sherlock's reaction to the simple endearment. "A few more minutes and I'll be back in here with food, drink and some pain-killers. What more could a bloke want, hey?"
John has just settled back on the sofa when his phone rings, he's tempted to ignore it and continue enjoying the comfort that is Sherlock’s long body leaning against him. However, before John has the chance to make up his mind or even twitch, Sherlock picks up John's phone from the coffee table, glancing at the display before promptly handing it over.
“Mr Holmes,  I understand what you are saying but I am employed to ensure that you rest and recuperate.”  Gethin stands his ground, even though he would like nothing more than to see these two broken men spending time together.
Sherlock hums quietly in reaction to John’s touch, bringing his hand up to cover John’s before turning his head to press a kiss to John’s palm.  Sherlock’s lips are slightly parted and John shivers at the sensation of warmth breath against his sensitive skin.  John watches Sherlock intently as Sherlock continues his exploration.  Soft kiss follows soft kiss, occasionally Sherlock’s tongue comes in to play, peeking out to lightly trace a line or scar, making John feel almost breathless at the sensation.  Finally, Sherlock trails his lips over John’s fingers, tasting the tip of each one with almost unbearable slowness.
John took a step closer to Sherlock until he was only a few inches away, keeping his eyes fixed on Sherlock's. He could feel the heat radiating out from Sherlock and his own body burned in response. The fire in Sherlock's eyes did not deter him and the mixture of arrogance and vulnerability only served to make John desire him more. He could feel his cock hardening as he took a deep breath and placed his open hand lightly on Sherlock's cheek. Slowly, gently, he smoothed his thumb along Sherlock's full lower lip, relishing the soft texture of the thing that had featured heavily in fantasies for months.
Sherlock rolls off with a huff, long limbs limp, his arm raised above his head, curls damp and dishevelled. John leans over him to steal a kiss before sliding off the bed and going to get the flannel.
“True. But I no longer require the dressing, and I’m sure you would agree upon that fact with any other patient of yours. Anyone who wasn’t me. The outer layers have healed well and you said that if your tests came back clear you'd touch me without gloves. It's time for skin on skin, John.” Sherlock starts to undo his own shirt buttons, dropping his hands with a smirk when John pats them away and takes over. “Let's get really, really clean so we can get really, really dirty.”
The days pass slowly and John and Sherlock speak more about their lives before they met. Sherlock talks about boarding school and how it wasn't all bad.  He tells how his dormitory mates left him to his own devices after his second year there so he had plenty of time for observations.  That his 'A' level science teacher thought he was gifted and let him into the labs late at night to conduct experiments, always staying close by but never interfering.  How he had met that same science teacher at a night club a few years later and repaid him for his kindness with a kiss so sensual the man had come in his trousers.  John had wrinkled his nose up at that, imagining an ageing science professor.  Sherlock had clarified that the teacher had only been 24 when he taught Sherlock at 17 and that Sherlock was 22 when he kissed him, making the man only 29.  John had grouched a little, saying that 29  was a bit old to be coming in his pants like that and Sherlock had teased him, promising to demonstrate his skill as soon as they had the privacy.
"It is presently three minutes past one in the afternoon. I take it my brother is still fast asleep after yesterday's exertions?" Mycroft's words are dry and there's no sign on his features that he is implying anything more than the exhaustion caused by Sherlock's journey home but John still flushes, licking his lips when Greg's grin grows, quickly joined by Mycroft's smirk.
"I know you're awake, Sherlock. You never were that good at faking sleep." Mycroft's voice is distinctly unamused but Sherlock can hear a touch of something underneath, definite strands of relief and concern.
“More, Sherlock, I need more.” John begs, it doesn’t take a man of Sherlock’s investigative skills to realise that John is asking for more fingers, deeper, inside of him. He sucks John deeper as he manipulates a third finger inside, moving slowly until he feels John relax around him, his fingers sliding back and forth with more ease.
Stretching his arm out across the table, John slowly allows his hand to rest over Sherlock's clasped ones. He eases their grip apart and takes Sherlock's right hand in his left, then rests his right hand over their joined ones, allowing himself to caress the back of Sherlock's hand with his thumb. He watches as Sherlock turns his head to focus on their hands.
“Sherwock home soon?”  She queries, her wide blue eyes, so similar to her father’s, fixed firmly on his face.
“I can.  And I know you won’t risk repetition by arguing with me about it.”  He gestures to the wheelchair.  “This will make the journey back more comfortable.”
Presently, the sound of the violin drifted into the kitchen, the notes caressing his ear with the tenderness and skill of an old love. As the sounds wrapped him in their sensuous embrace John vowed to talk to Mary about their upcoming wedding.  Whatever it was, or could be, between him and Sherlock John needed to be in 221B for it to happen. He needed to be home.
John opened his mouth to argue but snapped it shut again when Sherlock put a trembling finger over his lips, closing his eyes John relished the sensation of it against his lips, the sensitive skin tingling at the touch.
"John?" Sherlock's voice is soft; John can't help but think how intimate it makes his simple name sound. Looking up from his coffee, he meets Sherlock's warm gaze. "You know that I count you as part of my work, don't you?" Perhaps sensing John's confusion, Sherlock hastens on. "I don't mean that I see you as my job, even I'm not that insensitive, rather, I don't need to choose between you and my work. You are equally important."
Eventually Sherlock switched the shower off and wrapping a towel around his waist walked back through the flat picking up his discarded clothes, feeling more charitable towards John's need for a tidy flat now. Slowly he walked to his own room and for once the world's most observant man failed to notice the obvious.
Nodding to himself, Mr Rajkoomar turns his attention more fully to John - he looks relatively healthy and has a good range of motion in his arm already. Tension sits heavy on John but years of experience lead Mr Rajkoomar to sense that this has very little to do with his patient’s physical well-being and rather more to do with his mental well-being.
Before he had known it, John was in his first serious relationship since leaving the army and feeling somewhat fulfilled.
A sharp pain in his index finger brings John's focus back to the document he is clutching. It is now crumpled in his fist, the staples cutting into his flesh and his blood marking the paper. He thinks it's somehow apt that Mary has finally drawn blood from him. He takes a deep breath, viscously suppressing the urge to pour himself a whiskey. Instead, he puts his restless energy into a few deep stretches, first bending down to his toes then stretching up high, forcing his tired muscles into submission. The slight ache directs his thoughts back to the sleeping Sherlock and he realises with a guilty start that Sherlock hasn't eaten today and it's now late enough for John to be considering bed. He knows, in the usual grand scheme of things, it's nothing unusual for Sherlock not to eat but it's intolerable whilst his body is still recovering; an unforgivable oversight on John's part.
An hour passes before Sherlock is called to the staffroom for his breakfast.  He enters the room and is unsurprised to find Gethin, his Mycroft allocated nurse, awaiting him.
"Ok. Tell me....." The words are unexpectedly husky. Clearing his throat he tries again, valiantly ignoring the enquiring look Sherlock sends his way. "Tell me about this case. Why are we in Austria, Sherlock? I know Mycroft has been in contact with you about a missing Austrian diplomat, but I distinctly remember you telling him it was dull and not worth your time...... and yet, here we are." John waves his hand about, encompassing the room and apparently all of Austria.
Sherlock tilts his head up, eyes the bright crystal blue of a summer sky meeting John's enquiring gaze. "Not my hair, although it is in need of a cut." Sherlock rolls his eyes, the 'obviously' not needing to be said. "The product range I use on my hair. I like you playing with it, it's relaxing."
“Uncle Mycroft!”  Rosie shrieks out happily, running to greet the austere man.  It never ceases to surprise John at how good Mycroft is at bearing Rosie’s exuberant hugs and shrieks.
"You are going to take the position of the dominant one John." Sherlock felt a rush of colour to his cheeks at the implication of his words, relieved only when he heard John's small chuckle. "The dominant one in the dance, John. Puerile." He couldn't resist giving John a soft smile before once again taking on the tone he adopted when explaining his findings. "I will dance the role of the follower."
John glances over his shoulder at Sherlock, his hand still outstretched under the spray of the shower. He quirks a grin even as his cheeks flush with colour under Sherlock's gaze. Sherlock's stomach flips; something he knows to be scientifically impossible but really couldn't care less about explaining now - not with an extremely naked and smiling John in front of him - and he reaches out until his hand is resting on the curve of John's shoulder. He decides that his hand look ridiculously large and spindly and moves to retract it, suddenly conscious of his lanky gawkiness next to John's compact strength and easy good looks. He doesn't get far though before John's small hand rests over his, stilling his movement. John pulls slightly, encouraging Sherlock to move closer. He keeps pulling until Sherlock is standing so close that his flaccid penis rests against the strong curve of John's backside. He breathes out a sigh at the contact, ruffling the hair around John's ear, causing John to pull his arm further forward, linking their fingers. Sherlock slides his other arm around John's waist and closes his eyes, cutting out the sense of sight and allowing himself to just feel. He can feel the warmth that John puts out, can feel as it works its way through his skin and seems to make a home in his very bones. He can feel the slight roughness of the hair on John's legs where it comes into contact with his own, the way it tickles as they sway slightly on each breath. And he can feel the way John's skin breaks into goosebumps when he leans forward and nuzzles light kisses onto the nape of John's neck.
Sherlock absent-mindedly rubs at his wound site and John carefully removes his hand, keeping the long, elegant hand clasped between his own smaller ones.
"Sherlock, I don't care where we stay, just find somewhere. If they've got beds, we stay. At this point it doesn't bloody matter if it's bunk beds!" John's voice is curt. He knows he is grumpy, but the lack of sleep is catching up with him. He had hoped to nap on the plane, but what with Sherlock's constant fidgeting on one side and the stuttered snoring of an old man on his other, John is feeling every second of his forty plus years
A magnificent Norse Pine stands in the centre, glittering with golden lights and sparkling red decorations; John makes a mental note to bring Rosie here to see it.
"I'll make some when I'm done, really don't think the sound of running water right now is the best idea!"   Mischief shone deep in John's eyes and Sherlock couldn't help but laugh at the image John presented in his overly large dressing gown.
"You. The dreams were about you." The words are gritted out between clenched teeth. "I dreamt about every time ........ every hurt you suffered, every wound you received, every time you died." John takes a deep breath before continuing, his grip tightening once again on Sherlock's arm. "Every time I lost you."
In the quiet afterwards Sherlock simply sits and holds John’s hand, his thumb rubbing reassuring circles on John’s skin.  Sherlock is exhausted now, his eyes scratchy and his ears ringing in the quiet of the room; the only sounds are the quiet whirs and beeps of John’s machines and they lull Sherlock to the brink of sleep, his eyelids drooping.
"England?" Snorted John, anger making his voice deeper, colder.  "England needs him? What about bloody Scotland, Wales and Ireland? Not to mention all the associated countries and islands our monarchy is supposedly responsible for. Hmmm?" John was now fighting to stay calm, where did bloody Mycroft get off? Trying to guilt Sherlock into doing something he didn't want to. "Or can they just wait their turn? Sit tight and get their arses blown off until bloody Mycroft bloody Holmes decides it's their turn? " The anger continued to churn in his stomach, the taste bitter in his mouth.
"Trust me, John," is all that Sherlock has to say on the matter. He washes his own hands before pulling John's into the water and cleaning them, working up a layer of suds between their skin. John gasps when Sherlock grips him in a warm, wet, foamy hand and holds Sherlock's waist for stability. Without letting go of John, Sherlock moves slightly so that he is sitting on the lid of the toilet and John adjusts his hands to Sherlock's shoulders. Sherlock keeps his gaze firmly on John's face as he works him, smoothing along John's cock, cleaning and teasing him. John doesn't even try to hide his reactions, letting them all show through, although he does stifle his moans and gasps, biting firmly on his lower lip. Sherlock releases his hold on John, rinsing the suds off his hands beneath warm, running water. Taking John back in his hands, Sherlock rinses the hot skin of John's cock until no suds remain, his skin flushed dark pink with the flow of blood that rushes to make him hard and throbbing in Sherlock's large hands. With swift strokes and twists Sherlock has John at the edge of his orgasm in what feels like record time. He digs his fingers deep into the muscles at Sherlock's shoulders and somehow Sherlock has the uncovered pot positioned in exactly the right place. John ejaculates almost violently, biting on his lip hard enough to draw blood in an effort to stop shouting out. Sherlock releases his hold on John, carefully covering the pot and placing it to one side before pulling John's clothes up off his thighs. He tugs at John's waist, directing John to straddle his lap before pulling him into a deep, lingering kiss, finally moving to nip along his jawline, stopping under his ear.
A haunting waltz comes from the CD player and she recognises it as the composition Sherlock has been working on.  It is beautiful and heart warming.  She puts her hands up to her face when Sherlock and John reach for each other, slowly beginning to dance.  Their movements are completely in time, their bodies perfectly in sync.  They glide around the floor as Mrs Hudson watches in awe; she had always known they were well matched, but it is only now that she realises quite how perfect they are for each other.
Sherlock suddenly finds it hard to breathe, the lump in his throat and pain in his chest battling for dominance. With difficulty he clears his throat and makes a feeble excuse to leave the room, not willing to let Mrs. Hudson see the pain her words have caused.  When he receives a few too many curious glances in the corridor he takes refuge in the small bathroom but avoids the sight of his reflection.  He tries to think about her words in a logical manner, attempting to identify the main cause of his distress.
"You could, but we both know that you thrive on adventure, as do I. Why put off the inevitable John?" A thrill of excitement ran through his body at his words, lingering in his chest momentarily.
“We never did get to dance together, did we?  Not properly anyway.” John says, a look of sadness briefly flitting over his features.  He moves so that he stands before Sherlock, his hand out in offer.  “Would you do me the honour?”
John only just chokes back ‘are you wearing any pants’, as it’s blatantly obvious that Sherlock isn’t.
What did Sherlock even know about being in love? Had he ever actually been in love? Experienced that gut wrenching fear when the person they love are hurt or suffering? Felt that surge of adrenalin that came from running at their side? The crippling heartbreaking numbness of losing them forever? The heartache of having them back from the dead, only to never actually admit your feelings? To have them in your life every day but not have them to yourself? Of course not.  It was only John who had experienced such useless emotions. Sentiment.
John blanches and grabs for Sherlock's hand, heedless of Mycroft's presence. Sherlock runs the fingers of his free hand through John's hair where his head is now pressing against the mattress. He can feel the tension running through John's body and ignores the pain in his hand where John is gripping so tight. Sherlock wishes he could wrap John up in his arms and remove them both from this situation, take them somewhere where there is no gunshot wound, no Mary Morstan, no nameless dead victims for John to mourn; somewhere where it is just the two of them against the rest of the world, as it should always have been.
“Good morning, Miss Watson.”  Mycroft does not bend down to speak to her, rather he peers down his nose at her, with what might charitably be called a smile on his face.  “Did you have a satisfactory breakfast?”
"Hi. I just wanted to let you know that I've got your test results back and they're showing all clear, nothing untoward. So...." John can almost hear her blushing down the phone line. "There's no need to be using prophylactics within committed relationships unless it is as a form of birth control or.. " A muffled giggle. "To lessen the mess of sexual encounters."
"That woman is a force of nature. Remind me never to get on the wrong side of her!" John remarks, grinning at Sherlock.
Laughing when he feels Sherlock’s cock pulse against him, a small drop of pre-ejaculate painting his skin.
"Morning." John stretches and yawns before ruffling his hair and pushing himself up into a sitting position.  "Been awake long?"
“Brother mine, I see you're out and about. Here for a statement of the case so far, are we?”  Mycroft tries one of his customary smirks but it comes out as a grimace, the pain he is still in, evident.
John stumbles slightly at Sherlock’s words, this small falter is extremely gratifying for Sherlock.  To know that he has the ability to make John feel that way with just a simple touch, some breathed words, is enough to make Sherlock feel much more able to deal with the way their relationship is changing.  To know that John is equally affected by Sherlock’s touch, Sherlock’s words, as he is by John’s, is strangely liberating.  Their relationship will be one of equals, neither having more power than the other.  His own lack of physical experience is irrelevant in the grand scheme of things; it doesn’t make him lesser than anyone else; than John.  They will learn each other, together; learn how to make each other pant, gasp, writhe and sigh, over and over again.  The thought brings heat to his cheeks and sets his heart racing; it’s a different kind of high to that which he is used to but one he knows he will become addicted to.  An addiction, Sherlock thinks, that John will approve of.
John exhales as Sherlock snaps to attention and swiftly exits the room, making John realise how shallow his breathing had been. Suddenly John wants nothing more than to get this case solved and to have some quality time alone with Sherlock - preferably involving a bed.
Rosie’s excited babbling is enough to tell Sherlock he has guessed correctly.  Rosie’s communication is still mostly a collection of random sounds and emphatic pointing but small words like ‘dada’, ‘mine’, ‘more’ and ‘nana’ are sneaking in, along with various animal noises.  Sherlock often ponders what Rosie will call him, he knows his name is rather a mouthful but the idea of being called something like ‘Shirl” ever again actively makes his skin crawl.
"In all seriousness, John, what is your instinct here?" Sherlock looks intently at John, gauging his reactions. Watches as he sucks his cheeks in, exaggerating his strong jawline.
Bloody hell Sherlock! I'm fine! I'm almost there! Give a bloke time to answer one text before sending others through! - JW
With the cool detachment that he has learned to employ in his roles both as soldier and doctor, John tucks his turmoil in to some deep recess of his mind, and turns his full attention on the man before him - absently observing that it is not only Sherlock who puts on a mask when events dictate.
, which, for the purpose of this meeting, means he is the Austrian High Ambassador for Antiquities. I believe you have some items in your possession he has an interest in. May we come in? Thank you." Before John has even formulated an answer, Mycroft has swept past him and into the cosy living room. Herr Brün following at a more sedate pace.
The rest of the short drive to Blackfriars Station is quiet but comfortable, each man content to watch the streets of London pass by.
"Look at me Sherlock! Damn it, I've seen you when you've gone without sleep before.  This is more than that. Let me examine you."
When Sherlock can finally speak, it is little more than a croaked 'John!' but his facial expressions and flushed cheeks make it very clear to John that his impassioned speech was very well received, if poorly timed. John once again feeds some ice to Sherlock; it's mostly ice water in the cup and he has to fish around a bit for some chips. This time he deliberately allows his fingers to linger on Sherlock's lips, his eyelids fluttering shut when Sherlock briefly sucks them in to his mouth. John shifts in his chair and surreptitiously adjusts his straining erection, blushing when Sherlock eagerly follows his movements.
"John! What's the matter?  What happened?" Searching John's face he was horrified to see pain etched on there. What had happened? What was John reacting to?
Sherlock moves his kisses to trace along John’s jawline, nipping at the sensitive skin beneath his ear before drifting down to caress John’s neck with open lips and tentative tongue.
Sherlock's whole body tenses and he slowly raises his face, eyes cast in John's direction. His cheeks are flushed, his neck and chest mottled red. The small amount of iris John can see glitters in the candlelight, his pupils wide, hair awry.
Thanks go to Heyerette for giving me suggestions of National Parks and then telling me about the holiday cottages.
John’s mood lifts a little when he sees his outfit all laid out and ready for the evening; he has been strangely looking forward to this party ever since the invitation got stabbed on to the mantlepiece.  It’s their first social event since he and Sherlock reconciled.
A snuffling sound from John rouses Sherlock from his thoughts.  The sight of John slowly waking, safe and warm, tugs at Sherlock's heartstrings and he can't bring himself to want life any other way.  Yes, he is slowly healing from a gunshot wound, yes, his best friend is working through betrayal but a resounding yes, he has John in his life in a way that he never thought would happen.  There have been kisses and embraces and the promise of more to come.  Sherlock looks on as John slowly opens his eyes, admiring the way his long golden lashes gradually part to reveal midnight blue eyes that almost seem to brighten when they focus on him.
John looks down into eyes that are uncharacteristically wide and pleading, bright blue flecked with gold, the dark brown freckle in his right eye standing out stark in the bright light. Sherlock looks so vulnerable, a state-of-being he rarely allows people to see, that John can no longer resist the need to touch him, to offer comfort however he can. John's lifestyle may have been violently altered by recent events but it was Sherlock's life that was almost sacrificed.
“Oh, I do so hope so.”  Sherlock teases, hiding his own nerves under light-hearted flirting, before heading into the bathroom.  He carries out all the things he needs to do with slightly shaky hands; Sherlock knows it’s a natural mixture of his excitement and nerves, but he still takes a few deep breaths before re-entering the bedroom.
“I’m staying out of this one, boys.”  He eases his weight back so that he is sitting more comfortably on the bed next to Sherlock. “I gave up years ago trying to understand the workings of the Holmes’ mind, too convoluted for a simple soul like me.”  He flashes them both a deceptively innocent smile before loosely folding his arms.
Nodding in agreement, Sherlock put the package back inside his jacket pocket. "It reminds me of you, John."  Sherlock's voice was so quiet he was unsure that John had heard him until he risked glancing across at him.  John's face was flushed, his happiness at being thought of, obvious.
John sends a silent thank you to Mrs Hudson for her preparedness when he finds his wash bag and some clean pyjamas.
Bringing his Melange to his lips, John takes a cautious sip, eyes closing in pleasure as the smooth bitter taste coats his tongue. "God, that's nice." His words are husky and when his eyes drift open Sherlock is eagerly watching him, his lower lip drawn in slightly between his teeth, his eyes bright. It seems John's pleasure is a shared experience, and doesn't that thought just ignite his blood? John's thoughts turn to each of them gaining pleasure from the other's reaction, a cycle of giving and receiving, culminating in orgasm. If John is very fortunate, the closeness will continue into post-coital embraces and sleepy chatter.
"You can't." A deep breath. "You can't keep leaving me Sherlock, I barely survived the first time you 'died', I was the bloody walking dead for almost two years. Ironically Mary helped me through that; put me back together like some broken statue. Bits were still missing, but I was at least recognisable as vaguely John Watson shaped. When you came back you had those missing bits with you and I was whole again." Here John looks up and unapologetically holds Sherlock's gaze, his eyes shining wet. "Then that.... that bitch tried to take you away from me again! And she almost bloody succeeded! You flatlined on that table, Sherlock, you were dead. You left me, broken and scattered."
They move together through the first few bars of the song, neither man says anything but neither do they look away from each other.
“Yes, I do.” John laughs nervously. “I’m still not very good at this sort of thing, though.”  He takes a calming breath, more aware of his own breathing than ever. “It seems obvious that you are comfortable with what has happened between us so far.  What I need to know is how far you are comfortable taking this?  The physical side of our relationship.”
"Thank you, John. There is no-one else I would trust my life with so completely." Sherlock can see the effect his unexpected words have on John; a small smile pulling at his thin, but perfectly formed lips, his navy blue eyes alight with happiness.
Pulling the duvet over them both Sherlock covered their now cooling bodies. "Obviously." Snuggling his head back onto his lover's chest he closed his eyes, smiling contentedly, both men drifted into an untroubled sleep.
"Putting up those stupid walls again. You don't need to protect us from you Sherlock, we know who really are and we love you. Don't you dare lock yourself away again! I lost you once; I'm too old to go through that nonsense again young man!"  The iron in her words convincing Sherlock of their sincerity.
"Preposterous." Sherlock announces, closing his eyes against the sudden vision of a very much alive Moriarty mocking him in this very living room, the back of his head missing but his eyes still sparkling with malicious delight. "Blew his own brains out on the rooftop of Bart's. You know this Mycroft, you had a team come and clean up the carnage."
The surgery had been an uncomplicated operation to close the wound site, repair the damaged muscles and to remove any splinters of bone. Sherlock tries to envisage the myriad of possibilities that could conceivably have put John back on the operating table.
So who wants to know what song John was listening to when Sherlock said yes? Here it is, please find it on YouTube too, it's a wonderful song.
"What do you see, John?" John knows that he will miss all the pertinent details but he also knows that his second-rate observations do truly help to fuel Sherlock's deductions.
Sherlock's mind was awash with self recrimination. He shouldn't have put John in that situation. He should have waited until John was completely free, unattached.
The taxi journey to Baker Street had seemed agonisingly slow and John had fidgeted all the way, earning many a concerned glance from the cabbie. Now that he stood outside 221B he felt strangely relieved, the thought of seeing Sherlock again calming him. Raising his face towards the open window he half expected to hear the sounds of the violin drifting down to him but it was eerily quiet.  No violin sounds, no mad detective chatting away to himself or Mrs Hudson singing as she dusted around the piles of papers. John smiled at a memory of Sherlock chastising her for her cleaning and then complaining a week later about the dust collecting everywhere. John decided that Sherlock must either be out or in his Mind Palace.  Deciding to wait for him to 'return'  John quietly unlocked the door, carefully closing it behind him, not wanting to disturb Sherlock if he was actually deep in thought. Mounting the stairs John avoided the creaky ones, he knew he was ridiculous being this careful, after all he doubted even a bomb blast would shift Sherlock from his Mind Palace.
It is only now, with his knowledge of elements of Mary’s past, that John is beginning to realise that Mary showed far too much interest in the events, had been too willing to let him spill out all his half-hearted conspiracy theories (some of which put Anderson’s wild ideas to shame). Upon Sherlock’s return, Mary had been the driving force behind John’s reconciliation with him, always asking questions about their cases - old and new; always wanting to hear stories of Sherlock’s time away and how he had faked his death and designed his return.
“Fascinating.”  Sherlock turns to mirror John’s position, his eyes sparkling.  “No matter how much I think I know about them, there’s always more to learn.  Such amazing creatures, so complex and sociable too.  I could quite happily spend my retirement years living in a cottage somewhere in the country, as long as I have some bees.  I’d spend hours studying them, caring for them.”
Growing more confident in his actions Sherlock runs the flat of his tongue along John’s length, from root to tip, flicking over the sensitive head. This is far from John’s first encounter with oral sex but he feels like he is experiencing it for the first time.
The arrival of a new day is welcomed by the bustling of the orderlies who are accompanied by Gethin, Sherlock’s ‘private’ nurse.
The arrival of their waiter prevents John from saying anything and he is secretly pleased at the interruption. Sherlock knows he can be a romantic, he teased him about it once after all; even gifting John with a small wink as he said it, but John is unsure how Sherlock would feel about being on the receiving end of such sentiment. Secretly, John believes that Sherlock is more of a romantic than he could ever be; the speech he gave about John at .... a past event ..... had almost moved John to tears, as had the gift of his music. John rouses himself from his musings to try and catch what Sherlock is discussing with their waiter. Once again though, the conversation is in perfect Austrian, so instead, he just enjoys listening to the cadence of Sherlock's speech and finishes his Melange.
"Ready, John?" Sherlock's bright eyes fix on John, reading so much more than John's discomfort. Eyes that are a light, clear grey today, luckily miles away from the bright sky blue they had been when Sherlock lay 'dead' on the wet, uncaring pavement. John gives a brief nod, lips pinched together, jawline pronounced and strong, determination radiating from every pore before both men push the doors open, entering the cool sterility of the morgue.
Slowly she walks up the stairs, wondering what her boys have been up to now.  Whatever it is, she is sure it will make her chuckle.  Walking into the living room she stops in shock, the furniture is all pushed back and the floor is surprisingly clear.
As always huge thanks to the magnificent Lockedinjohnlock and this chapter is especially dedicated to her and her love of fireplaces and rugs!
“John! What is it?” Sherlock is immediately on high alert, his free hand fluttering uselessly above John, anxiety tightening once more in his chest even as he fights to stay calm.
“Room 23, John.  Come along.”  He has no reason to still be holding John’s hand but he doesn’t let go, reasoning that it’s good practice for their case; he brushes away the fact that it feels extremely nice as irrelevant.
“Officially, it’s the hospital showing their appreciation for the work that you and Doctor Watson perform.”
All mistakes are entirely my own! Not Beta'd. Luckily I am a Brit so in theory it should stand the test of Brit picking!
"No! Well yes, but not in the way you're thinking."  John pinched the bridge of his nose before continuing.  "She could see I was conflicted.  Torn between where I wanted to be and where I thought I should be."  John glanced at Sherlock seeing the obvious confusion. "I wanted to be here with you, whenever it would be that you returned.  I'd intended to move back in, call things off with Mary, that evening that we danced, when we almost...."  John licked his lips before finishing his story.  "But after she was hospitalised I just couldn't leave her to fend for herself.  That's not the type of man I am."
"I am not overtired John.  I'm not still ill; it was appendicitis; it was treated. You're a doctor, you know exactly how well I am. You need to stop hiding from the truth John. You know who I mean. I love you, I honestly do, but not like he loves you, not like Sherlock." Mary kept her words even, calm, her grip on his hand firm. She felt as if a huge weight were being lifted from her shoulders.  She should have done this weeks ago, months even, the moment that she had seen how much these two had needed each other, loved each other, almost on the first night of Sherlock's return.
"So, Mary and I won't be needing you to be Best Man." John knew his words were rushed and poorly chosen but now that the moment had come, John's mind had gone blank, his mouth going into auto pilot and spouting out the essence of what needed to be said but lacking the tact that was needed.
John turns his attention away from the fire, eyebrows raised. "The fire? A good couple of hours yet I suspect. Why? Are you cold?" He twists in his chair to retrieve the blanket that rests there, preparing to cover Sherlock with it.
John pulls himself from Sherlock's slack grip and leans back until he is facing Sherlock, placing himself directly in Sherlock's line of sight.  John's navy blue eyes hold no guile and his face is open.  John's left hand is caressing Sherlock's cheek, his right resting on Sherlock's lower back, encouraging him to stay close.
John avoids the living room again and directs them in through the kitchen door, leaving the Tupperware box of cakes on the table as he passes, and straight down the corridor to Sherlock's room. Sherlock notices John's avoidance but he sensibly elects to stay silent, a gentle squeeze around John's waist providing some quiet reassurance. John guides Sherlock straight to his bed, leaving him sitting on the edge before moving the cactus from the bedside table to a bookshelf.
Magnussen walks slowly to the visitor's chair, taking time to wipe it down with a cloth from his suit jacket pocket, before sitting down and arranging his long limbs into a relaxed, but oddly refined, sprawl.
John returns to the room a few minutes later. Sherlock knows, without a doubt, that John has delayed coming back into the room too quickly to allow Sherlock some time to recover his usual, impeccable poise.
"Not a new case, our current one. Mary."  Sherlock meets John's gaze, watching as John gives a slow nod in acknowledgement before he continues. "The timing of Mary's involvement in your life has long bothered Mycroft.  Lestrade let it slip that Anderson had been 'raving' about crimes being solved across the globe, accrediting them to me and at one point, announcing very publicly whilst in a bar, that I wasn't dead."
Since the spontaneous hug at his sham of a wedding, John's thoughts have returned time and again to how little Sherlock initiates physical contact. Sherlock hadn't precisely frozen at the wedding but he had stilled, his breath shallowing. It had troubled John that a casual embrace from his best friend had been so out of the norm that Sherlock had been too shocked to respond. Since moving back into Baker Street, John had been unable to resist the temptation to touch Sherlock more and had been relieved at how well received these touches had been. A hand on the upper arm whilst chatting to a group, his palm to the small of Sherlock's back when guiding him out of a room and - John's personal favourite - a quick squeeze at the nape of Sherlock's neck, often when passing him in a morning or when sharing a laugh late in the evening. Touches that he revelled in whilst in the privacy of Baker Street. A few weeks before leaving for Austria, Sherlock had started to return these gestures, always fleeting and tentative but very much welcomed.
The Michigan police force spoke to the neighbours immediately after the fire. The Allens were described as 'good church-going folk, strict but fair with their easy-to-anger children.' Last week the Michigan police agreed to speak again to some of the people who appeared closest to the Allens. They have since said that Arthur Allen, the twins' father, was a short-tempered man who was seen to regularly beat Michael and belittle Angela whenever she showed any sign of independence or came to her brother's defence. They said they hadn't mentioned anything earlier as they did not want to speak ill of the dead." Greg pauses for breath and looks to John.
“Of the five surviving people, two have been very forthcoming and we have some interesting leads to follow up.  One remains on life support, the other two are being more reticent but I believe they will yield soon.”
to think about, and research, all the things I want to do to you, for you to do to me, for us to explore together. And I assure you, I'll be very good at putting theory into practice." He dips his head down and is rewarded with a deep kiss, their tongues teasing and tangling.
Mary felt John tense, saw his eyes go blank as he threw up all his emotional barriers, heard the denial in his voice. "He loves me? Mary I don't understand what you mean. I think you're overtired."  John tried to stand, to remove himself from the situation.  Mary continued to hold his hand, determined to anchor him, to provide a safe harbour in the storm of emotions he constantly tried to keep at bay.
"Oh yeah?" John's voice is husky, an appealing mix of just-awake and aroused. Sherlock leans into the hand that slides into his hair; the touch of John's fingers against his scalp delivering a sensuality Sherlock hadn't allowed himself to experience before John. "And what might they be?"
"I think we'd be better doing this in your bedroom or the kitchen, it's so damp in here I doubt the adhesive will stick." John's voice sounds loud after such an extended silence but Sherlock delights in hearing its warm tones. He had spent too many years with only the memory of John's voice to hush John now.
“Mary refused to leave but she showed no remorse, no emotion.  She said she hadn't intended to shoot John but she still hasn't acted like she cares that she did.  I’m supposed to be the uncaring sociopath but she is more unfeeling than I have ever been.”  He doesn't allow Lestrade to contest his assessment of himself, continuing to speak even though he knows Lestrade wants to speak.
John's offer to reciprocate in the bathroom had been met with a long and lazy kiss, broken only when Sherlock's eyes flashed open and he suddenly yelled 'Anderson!' much in the manner of Archimedes yelling 'Eureka!' Scant seconds had passed before Sherlock was scrambling out of the bath and rushing into the bedroom, leaving John giggling in the bath.
A quick shake of John's head and an impatient eye-roll from Sherlock is enough for Anderson to understand that he will not be privy to their investigation.
“It’s alright, John.”  Sherlock stretches lazily, noting the way John’s eyes widen as they skim down his body.  “I suspect it’s a habit for you to reach for someone when you share a bed.”
"I should really, Sherlock, you know the guidelines on wound care as well as I do." John holds up a hand to silence any protest and moves to stand between Sherlock's legs. "How about this for a compromise? I get some blood work done on me, make sure I'm clean and then we leave the gloves off? I'm sure between us we have a connection somewhere that can expedite the results. " He quickly pulls on the gloves and removes the sodden dressing from over Sherlock's wound.
John sorts through his small collection before settling on a bottle of mousse; he passes it over but allows his fingers to sweep slowly over Sherlock’s palm, his eyes lingering at the open V of Sherlock’s dressing gown and the hint of fine chest hair.
“What did you do to him?” Sherlock demands, one hand quivering over John’s wrist, seemingly just moving from taking John’s pulse.
The stranger steps in quickly and places a small, dirty hand on Mrs Hudson’s arm, the grip is light but it stops Mrs Hudson in her tracks.
"Phillip?" He keeps his voice casual, trying not to let the slight, unwarranted, jealousy he feels be heard.
"I feel like I should be apologising for that." John gestures towards Sherlock's arm. "I suspect it happened when I fell asleep on you. You couldn't have been comfortable; you should have woken me up."
