He lets his head fall back, takes a deep, burning gulp of air, lets it out again and drops his fingers into Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock reaches out and picks up the photo nearest to John’s right knee: John with his arm around a young boy, a local probably.  He sets it back down. “John, I—I said a lot of things yesterday, and…”
Sherlock takes his hand, lets himself be led back upstairs to the bedroom, laid out on the bed, and lets John root about in his bag for some lube, take him in hand, and stroke him slow, and tender, with kisses to his belly, and the inside of his thighs, until he trembles and shakes apart with a breathy moan, and lets John pull him close, even though they are both fully clothed, and haven’t cleaned up.
John arches a brow and watches his progress, admiring the view, and then feeling a little guilty for doing so, given Sherlock’s condition.
It’s Sherlock who tilts his chin, and presses them together properly, just hovers there, between awake and asleep, holding his breath, full, dry lips pressed to John’s wet, thin ones.
He has watched a few personal attention videos, and they were off-putting, weird, and some of them even borderline sexual, but this is Sherlock.
Sherlock wraps an arm firmly around John’s waist, cradles the back of his head with the other, and slowly tips him down onto the mattress and then props himself up on one elbow to stare down at him.
. You can choose your measure type by selecting the appropriate radio button at the top of the recipe page, which is handy.
He slides a hand down his thigh, back up again, dips down, and John spreads his legs for him, lets his fingers find their way between the damp heat of his thighs, behind his balls, and when he strokes a finger, gentle yet firm against the muscles of his perineum, John lets out a sound like he’s been punched, startled by the pleasure of it.
This time, Sherlock takes him easily, and John starts to slide in and out of him in rhythm with Sherlock’s wanking.
John sounds impossibly young, and Sherlock thinks it might kill him, this tearing off of the plaster, this seemingly necessary step.
He’s dreamed of this, breathing in John’s scent while his cock drags along his cheek, over his lips.
After a moment or two, John slides over, and leans against him as he reaches over his head for the measuring cup in the cabinet.
He just wants to be in the moment, because he’s just had the best sex of his life, with the one person, he suddenly realises, he loves more than he’s ever loved anyone.
And Sherlock pulls back breathes, breathes, “John…” and kisses him again, slow, and lazy, and sweeter than anything John could have imagined.
Sherlock walks up behind him, wraps his arms around his waist, and sets his chin on John’s shoulder to look down at what he’s doing.
Sherlock blinks down at him.  He still looks a little stunned.  “Dinner?  Oh.  Dinner.  Yes, fine.  Good.”
John sinks all the way down and hisses, and then stills, and Sherlock’s entire consciousness pulls in with laser focus to that one point, to the place where they are joined, and John is around him, hot, and slick and tight.
John stretches out one socked foot to nudge against the toe of Sherlock’s shoe, and when Sherlock looks down at their touching feet, and then back up at John’s face, he smiles.
It’s always there, it’s always been there, I’ve always seen it, but it was always easier, safer for you when it was me who didn’t do that.
John’s legs feel like jelly.  He slides down into Sherlock’s chair, comforted, somehow, by the warmth left behind by his body, and stares down at the screen in front of him.  He shouldn’t, he knows, but he scrolls up in the conversation for context.
John lifts his legs and lays them over Sherlock’s lap, and Sherlock looks down at them with surprise, and then back at John.
Sherlock looks down at him in an attempt to look scandalised, but only manages in coming off slightly drunk.
He slams into a particularly narrow opening with a grunt, forces himself through, and then gasps as he suddenly finds himself in a vast expanse, the meagre light from his phone finding nothing but thick blackness.
John sighs, deeply, heavily, as Sherlock slips into bed beside him, the thick, noisy dark of the strange hotel room, hiding them from one another, making it easier and more difficult all at once.
It’s always been this way with Greg, from the first night they met in an alley outside a club in Vauxhall, and Greg had talked Sherlock down from a bad trip, and then not even questioned it when Sherlock had leapt into deducing the cause of death on the corpse the Met had just fished out of the nearest skip.
John is clearly underdressed, but this doesn’t seem to bother Sherlock at all, and perhaps the way Sherlock is dressed makes up for it, because no one sees fit to mention it.
He stands at the window, parts the curtain and looks out at the patch of bleak, slate grey sky visible between the buildings and sighs.
In fact, I think you are the most interesting person I have ever had the honour of being acquainted with.
Finally, Sherlock spins about in the middle of the room, looking about like trying to remember if there is any more.
Sherlock sits down beside him, and does the only thing he knows to do, the one thing that has been allowed in the past.
The mahogany would have been cold, and hard, and unyielding, but the blanket is teasing new sensation from his body, even without moving.
Sherlock kisses the top of John’s head, while his thumbs rub soothing circles against his lower back, and he nuzzles his nose through his hair, slides his leg up between John’s to stroke the inside of his thighs.
Sherlock strides out of the office without waiting for a response, and feels somewhat gratified when he feels John fall into stride behind him.
His chest rising and falling as he catches his breath, and he is still sick, and the floor is cold, and…
“I assure you that we want to find the boy, and for this whole situation to have a happy ending, as much as you do.”
It takes a good quarter of an hour, but eventually John’s breathing returns to normal, and then deepens, slows, as he slips into a fitful sleep.
John blinks down at his plate, no doubt shocked at the size of the meal, given its price, and then spears a cherry tomato with his fork, and pops it in his mouth.
rolls onto his side, draws up his leg, and moves his fingers back, down behind his balls, strokes tentatively at his perineum.
John melts against him, and when Sherlock is finished kissing his chin, his lips, the corner of his mouth, when he has brushed his nose along John’s cheek, and his lips along his jaw, when he has kissed his temples, and buried his nose in his hair as he breathes against his forehead, he kisses each closed eyelid and he tastes wet and salt.
“Oh, and Sherlock, if this new little distraction of yours is another of those things that is going to end with me tracking you down in a dosshouse minutes before you succumb to overdose, do do me a favour and end it now.
John feels his cheeks warm at the memory, which Sherlock notices, of course, and looks inordinately pleased.
“And yet here you are, three days after our row, three days after you went M.I.A., and you’re higher than a kite.”
Mostly he wants so very, very much to believe that he will always have it, that it isn’t some fleeting dream, that it isn’t one of those joys, like so many others in his life, that are gone in a blink, leaving him broken, and raw, and alone.
He’s starting to leak now, it’s dripping down onto his belly, and hip and the mattress, and he’s hard, harder than he can ever remember being.
John hadn’t realised he was tired, but now he can feel the muscles in his body loosing, the thoughts in his mind dissipating, his grip on consciousness fading.
When he returns, he stops beside his chair, hovering, unsure, waiting, Sherlock realises, for his next order.
You can see every star, constellation, planet, distant galaxies like tiny smudges in a sea of glimmering light.”
John woke once, after surgery, disoriented and afraid, and Sherlock could only take his hand, and reassure him, and watch with relief as the after effects of the anaesthesia took him again.
John’s tongue is a lazy caress in his mouth, his hands exploring every naked inch of Sherlock’s body, except for the bridge he has not yet let himself cross.
Sherlock tries not to grow impatient at John’s seeming curiosity and gawking at literally everything, his continued awe over their surroundings.
And then Sherlock’s hand is wrapping around his cock, giving a long, languorous pull, and John drops his forehead to Sherlock’s chest with a strangled sound he’s fairly sure he’s never made before in his life.
He feels the headache bloom behind his eyes, and knows he’s shaking, and Sherlock sees it all too, nods like he understands.
Rosie rolls onto her back and starts kicking her legs in the air and singing a tune of her own creation, which seems to primarily be about waffles.
He wants to march back down the street, up the stairs to the flat, and—and pull Sherlock into his arms, but Sherlock still hasn’t offered to meet, so…
Sherlock crawls over the many messes, and disappears into the loo, returning in a moment with a warm, wet flannel.
John thrusts against the mattress, and Sherlock follows him down, but when he arches back up again, he stays put, his tongue plunging even deeper.
John’s lips spread into a smile, and Sherlock remembers how much he loves it, has missed it, thinks about how much he wishes John would kiss that careful, gentle joy into his mouth.
He comes hard, and wakes up in the throes of it, with a shout on his lips that threads out into a groan.
He goes across the room, and shuts the curtains, and then returns toes out of his own shoes and socks and quickly divests himself of his own trousers.
He can feel Sherlock smiling against his skin, feel his hands sliding down, over his hips, around to cup his arse and drag him close.
Sherlock’s cheeks inconveniently choose this moment to flush again, and he looks away, down at the pile of wood at John’s feet.
A doctor arrives much quicker than one would imagine one could that time of day in London, and Sherlock is momentarily grateful for his brother’s influence.
He imagines, for a moment, what it would be like to have Sherlock there with him, both of their seed mingling, pressed between their warm sated, bodies.
If you press hard enough, move in slow circles you feel something better than you’ve ever felt in your life.
He’s wanted this between them for longer than he can remember, and now he all but has it, and he’s ruining it!
In his wildest dreams he never could have guessed that John would want this, and certainly not so soon.
“It will serve her well in this household, Mrs. Hudson’s unabating social enthusiasm not withstanding.”
And it was fine, because for a long time I didn’t know what I wanted either, and then when I did it was too late.
“I though maybe you never jumped at all, and it was just a dummy I saw, or maybe you had a bungee, or…”
Well, you might think I’m a right prat when I try to put the thing together for you, so I guess it’s a bit of a risk on both sides.
The intertwining of their lives has always been made up of small moments, secret, stolen things in the midst of a reality that seems too bleak to comprehend.
He needs to say something, or do something before Sherlock gets the wrong idea, and gets that look he gets sometimes, the one that feels like it’s driving something sharp and acidic through the core of John’s heart, that makes him regret ever having been born because his existing means that Sherlock is hurting, and there is nothing more unacceptable than that, nothing more…
He feels John’s hand on his hip, easing him back down, a second hand on his other hip, pressing him into the mattress.
He wraps his legs around Sherlock’s hips and grinds up against his abdomen, letting the pleasure build, and build, until he’s teetering right at the brink.
“I was lucky Harry is between jobs, and could take her spur of the moment, on a whim. That won’t always be the case, and it might mean that I can’t be there with you on cases, or that we might miss out on cases altogether, and the responsibility will get to be more, rather than less, as she gets older.
Sherlock helps by shrugging out of his shirt when it is undone, and then John starts on the flies to his trousers.
Truth be told, he wasn’t even sure if it was something Sherlock was into, and so it surprises him now, here, out of the blue.
The coals in the hearth have all but died, but they’ve forgotten to pull the curtains again, and there is just enough light that he can see the way John’s eyes search his in the dark, looking for answers, wanting to help.
There’s nothing but the wind outside, and the last, clinging vestiges of something that feels almost like an emotional fog, treacle-thick and cloying, that seems to wrap tight around John’s throat, making it hard to breathe.
The adrenaline drop will come later, but for now he is a force of nature, fierce, competent, and brave.
influence at the Met, with the way Lestrade hangs on his every word out of necessity, with the way Sherlock constantly one-ups idiots like Anderson, and instead, here he is feeling every bit the bumbling teenager who’s just brought a boy home to dad.
In truth John’s heart is racing a million beats a second, his veins flooding with adrenaline, but not because of this lunatic, no.
Sherlock nods and presses in, all the way in, in one glorious, slick glide, that feels almost like too much, pain and pleasure mingling, “Ahhh, fuck…”
There is what appears to be a rather worn pedestrian path along one side of the road, but it hasn’t been cleared, and is deep with snow.
John’s eyes snap back up to the screen, just in time to see a shot of Baker Street, and the flat directly across from Speedy’s with a gaping hole where it’s front facade used to be.
Sherlock wants this, that’s clear, maybe wants it more than he understands, and yet there is a vulnerability in that, all that wanting, and this little act, the demanding brat, wanting it all, wanting it now…
Sherlock looks down at the scone, picks it up and then thinks twice and hands it to John, who grins.
John licks his lips and then nods, and Sherlock makes short order of the business, loosening and removing his belt, unfastening his trousers, pulling down his zip.
He forces his eyes open, forces himself to look back down at John knelt between his legs, and there is something about it, about the sight of John’s cheek resting against the inside of his thigh, the sight of his mouth hovering so close to the base of Sherlock’s cock that makes a fresh surge of arousal race through his veins.
They’re so close, and yet somehow the false divide of the internet has made the distance seem infinite.
He strides forward, and helps John to his feet, stares down at him, and then takes his face in his hands and kisses him.
John withdraws a little more, and it takes every ounce of Sherlock’s self-control to not follow after him, climb on top of him, pull him close, and…
He glances into some of the other rooms as he goes, a small study, what looks like a formal dining room that is mostly empty, and not being used for much of anything, it seems, and then, at the end of the foyer, where the light had been emanating from, a lounge.
Sherlock hears nothing from John all day, not a single text.  When supper time looms, Sherlock decides to order a takeaway, all John’s favourites.  And he’s grateful for the foresight, because come seven o’clock he hears the front door open and shut again, and a tread on the stairs, heavy, with a little hitch at the end that lets Sherlock know all he needs to about how things went at the hospital.
Sherlock reaches for the glass, once John drains it, and John hands it to him, takes the apple when offered, eats it when ordered.
“The other day, you came here to see if you could discover who I suspected. I refused to answer you. You then went to Mrs. Roundhay’s cottage, waited outside it for some time, and finally returned to your own.”
He sits down the edge of the bed the second they get there, and lets John push him back down against the mattress, and drown him in a flood of messy, desperate kisses while he grinds relentlessly against him.
But it still aches, hollows him out inside until he feels like me might cave in under the weight of regret, of missing John.
It’s the oddest, maddest, hottest, and yet most relaxing thing he’s ever experienced, because he can feel it!
But this afternoon the hearth is lit.  The lamps are lit. John is sitting in a pool of golden light across the lounge, at the table they use as a shared desk, and typing away at the blog he’s recently started after a particularly interesting case involving a beleaguered nanny and a missing daughter.  He seems focussed, engrossed. The traffic hums quietly outside. The rain patters against the glass. Sherlock only half pays attention to the cells swimming beneath his microscope lens.
moaned into his mouth, and then Sherlock’s tongue slides past the seal of his lips, hot and slick, and John lets go, lets it happen, lets their tongues tangle, lets Sherlock breathe into him, taste him, fill him.
Oh, the hunger is definitely there, but the way Sherlock looks at him in moments like these, is intimate, a little shy, something almost like awe.
Sherlock takes a moment to investigate the long line of portraits hung upon the walls, generation after generation of Holdernesses, stretching all the way back to the 17th century.
There’s nothing to do but wait, and hope, but doing nothing doesn’t seem like a constructive or viable option either.
Sherlock cants his hips and John lets his eyes slide shut, sucks in a breath through his nose and lets it out slow.
“Water will be fine,” John repeats with a sniff, and this time it’s Sherlock pressing a foot against John’s under the table.
“Let’s take a look then,” John motions for the boy to come over, and then glances over his shoulder at Sherlock.
It all comes rushing back now, with Sherlock’s mouth sucking bruises into the crook of his neck, and their cocks sliding along side each other while Sherlock ruts against him in a frantic, grunting blur, the sound of their wet bodies slapping against each other, filling the small, steam-filled room.
He hears Sherlock put the phone down, hears the soft shush of clothes being discarded, followed by the almost inaudible creak of a mattress.
He’s probably making a right mess of it, but he figures he’s sat through enough period pieces on the BBC with girlfriends past, to at least make a passing attempt.
He’s up and out of the chair and striding over to the far corner of the room before Sherlock knows what’s happening.
But, it made the situation more complicated, especially when I realised that we had miscalculated, and Moriarty potentially had snipers trained on you already.
And oh how he wants to shout, and rail, and cry that there is no place on earth so unsafe as a boarding school.
Sherlock goes and slides to his knees in front of John’s chair, slides his hands up his thighs, leans in.
He shoves it in front of Sherlock, causing some to spill over on the table, and then all but collapses into the chair across from him.
)  Paper cup of tea hitting tile.  “What the fuck are you doing to him?!”  Words.  Shouting.  “Can I get some security in here?!  NOW!  Get out, now, or I swear to god, I will…”
Sherlock opens his mouth like he’s going to contradict him, but then seems to catch himself, and shuts it again.
“And I thought—I thought, there’s no way a posh boy like that would ever be interested in a bloke like me, and then it seemed like you were, but you said you weren’t, and I…
But you’d best take your opportunities while you have them Captain, because they are gone before you know it.”
The thought that they should slow down momentarily crosses his mind, but then Sherlock is pressing down on him, full weight, wet body, rock hard cock, and his head drops as he cants his hips and moans loud against John’s forehead.
Just the thought of it has been sending little shivers of pleasure through him ever since, shivers of pleasure with doubt, and fear, and all sorts of dark, depressing musings following right on their heel.
There is a family portrait on the desk, as well, the size of a child’s hand, in an ornate silver frame.
Sherlock lies and watches his eyes roll around beneath his lids, luxuriates in the comforting, even cadence of his breathing, the way his nostrils twitch now-and-again, and the slight silver scruff around his jaw and cheeks.
He arches his back and pushes his arse in John’s face without even thinking, and John huffs against his damp skin.
Mycroft had caught him touching himself once, when he was barely fifteen, and rushed to tell their mother, who had proceeded to very seriously lecture him on how he was too intelligent for such base things, that it was a common, draining habit he would do best to avoid if he wanted to do well in school and develop his intellect.
John’s eyes rake the length of his body when he arrives, pausing on the waistband of his trousers, the straining buttons of his shirt, the long line of his neck, his mouth.
“If you are quite finished, Mycroft, I have better things to do with my morning than entertain your pontificating,”
There is comfort in what they have now, but there is regret there, too, regret over what they will never be.
It’s jarring then, to feel a set of strong arms clamp around his waist, to feel hot breath on his neck.
It all happens so quickly his brain doesn’t have time to catch up, and then a boot is hitting him in the ribs, and all he can do is curl tight, do his utmost to protect everything important, and hope beyond hope that John isn’t far behind him.
The first one is the photo of him and Sherlock at Mrs. Hudson’s Christmas do, both of them wearing their Christmas jumpers.
He tenses little, and Sherlock stops, traces the other hand up his spine, down again, rolls his hips upward again.
He lets John guide him through the corridors, every fibre of his being screaming to get out, to get somewhere quiet, and lonely, and dark.
“I’m not entirely sure that’s the sort of work out she had in mind, though it did involve both cardio and weight bearing exercise.”
He wraps his arms around his waist and pulls him back against his body, hoping that John will feel the effect his magnificent performance has just had.
He pulls back to Sherlock all but pouting, and laughs, and then clutches his head at the pain, instantly regretting it.
“He seems a fairly interesting bloke, and we’ve been chatting a little, and he’s be asking for my help with his research and some other things, and it’s be a much needed distraction, and it’s made me feel like maybe—maybe there can be a place for me back here.
Sherlock glances up from the floor, where he is sitting cross legged helping Rosie build a morgue out of Duplo bricks.
He reaches across slowly, lets his fingers tangle with the tousled strands—wavy, and a kaleidoscope of colours: gold, taupe, even a few silver.
His brain screams at him, to do the maths, to look at the statistics, to realise that chances are very good that this Moriarty person is somehow behind the whole mess, and that if someone as savvy as Irena Adler is that frightened of him, if Mycroft is telling him to keep out of it, if several people are dead already at the man’s hand, then the chances of John getting out of the whole thing in one piece don’t bear thinking about.
After two more trips they manage to get the majority of what is in the attic down to the ground floor, and Sherlock tosses off his dressing gown flops back on the sofa in the jeans and jumper he had on underneath with much more melodrama than is strictly necessary, John thinks.
It’s early yet, but the sun is starting to glow behind the room’s heavy curtains, and Sherlock can hear the muffled, distant sounds of the school starting to come to life.
He points at the chair by the hearth, and Sherlock does as he’s told without even taking his coat off.
But then it is a channel about sound, and his voice is a relevant part of that, so maybe it would just be perceived as helpful feedback?
But why did they die? I mean, it doesn’t make sense. If they both turn up at the shop and deliver the goods, why would someone threaten them and kill them after the event, after they’d finished the job?
John huffs out a small, affectionate laugh that lands on Sherlock’s cheek, and ruffles his eyelashes.  “Yeah.  You’ve been doing nothing but repeating everything I’ve said, for the last minute.”
Sherlock takes him easily, and with a skill that suggests he’s done this before, and yet he’s just said he’s never…
He stares at the telly for awhile, and then leans back, stretches out his arm behind Sherlock on the sofa.
And John can read so much in his eyes, so much that is unsaid, all the hurt, and all the struggle and all the unwavering love that got them both to this point, and when it becomes too much, he rests his head against Sherlock’s chest, and listens to the sound of his heart beating, strong and even, save for the tiny murmur caused by an assassin’s bullet, and he holds on tighter still, because they are living a future they were never supposed to get, and he knows now, with a certainty so clear it seems to ring through every cell.
Sherlock tosses some money at the cabbie (too much John thinks), and then strolls into the flat, casual as anything.
Half whisper, half murmur, and the sound and sensation sinks into John’s very bones, courses through his veins, sets every inch of him aflame.
It’s not usual for John, who, though not boisterous exactly, has a way of filling a room with his presence.
John watches as Sherlock leans in against the wind and snow, and shuffles through the already gathering drifts to the front door.
I mean everyone's a bit gay, aren't they, but what I mean is, I don't really...  Well, I have a bad habit of
John struggles a little, because he wants to, because that’s half the fun, because it’s making him harder than he’s ever been in his life, and if anyone would understand that he figures it would be Sherlock, and he does, he must, because he grins down at him, and just keeps him pinned with his weight alone, just with the fucking weight of his own body.
John bites down on all the words he wants to hurl out, bitter, and angry, and hurt, and all because Sherlock is right.
body, and he’s trembling, trembling, breathe coming in hot, desperate puffs against John’s forehead, one hand kneading John’s arse, frantically, his finger hesitating practically vibrating just inside.
His toes curl, and he arches his body toward Sherlock on instinct, coming all over his hip and shirt in thick, hot pulses.
Really there are better words with which to pad your vocabulary.” He descends the stairs with hurried steps.
A warm flannel over his belly, and trousers and pants removed, and blankets pulled up under his nose, and a body, solid, safe, and sure, pulling him in, holding him close.
John licks his lips and watches, rapt, as Science cracks open the large book, and smooths his hands (Christ they’re large!) over the fine quality pages.
“Mmm,” John hums against his neck, and then pulls back a little and blinks up at him, pulls his hand out of Sherlock’s pants, and wipes it against the front.
He thinks about his father, or anyone doing the things he’s just described to him, and he feels fierce, defiant, like he could kill, like he wants to.
Sherlock lifts a hand from beneath the covers and waves it about in an attempt to encompass all the nonsense John seems to think so necessary to his manhood.
The Duke’s butler hurries away, and leaves the two of them in an expansive gallery, bigger even than the school’s.
Sherlock swallows and nods, remembers the last time they were together like this, the weight of John’s body on his, the way he could feel himself settling and lighting up all at once, the way John’s body had moved against his, and a steady, rhythmic pulse, like breathing, like the sea, like life itself, and he wonders how John might touch him this time.
John can feel him, fully erect now, his shaft sliding along side John’s with each thrust, and John wants to reach down, to take them both in hand, but…
He aches to crawl up and under, his head against John’s chest, blankets pulled up like a cocoon, sheltering them from the cool air of the room.
There was a time John would have been taken aback by such candour, but Sherlock is different these days, has been for awhile really, and there’s something about the open, honest, but slightly tentative way he asks that makes John more amenable than usual to share.
Usually he is tolerated, and that’s all, but John has been surprising him since the moment they met, and so it still goes…
Sherlock is already in bed, sheets pulled all the way up to his nose, when John gets back from taking his meds.
On Friday Sherlock wakes to an empty bed, and to the sound of John chatting with someone in the kitchen.
Sherlock hums in acknowledgement, and shuts his eyes, a hint that she is being dismissed, and one he hopes she takes.
“Mmm, not the least of which is that you have someone to crawl into your lap and kiss you whenever you feel the need.”
He’s sitting at a small table beside a giant marble pillar, sipping water from the glass in front of him, and looking vastly uncomfortable.
Wilder’s feet dangle mid air, oxfords slipping against the slick rocks, desperately seeking purchase.
That, more than anything, underscores just how dangerous James Moriarty is, because there is no logic in what Sherlock feels for John and he knows it.
I climbed up to his room, and I told him I knew what he’d done, and that he was going to die the same way Bren had died, and there wasn’t a bloody thing he could do to stop it.
Marco appears out of nowhere, as if by magic, and John orders for them both, getting all the details right, everything exactly the way Sherlock likes it, and Sherlock is stirred, moved, hungrier than he can ever remember being.
On the contrary, John seems to crave it, being needed, almost as much as Sherlock craves being wanted.
John had done this, John had taken the time to prepare himself, to ready himself, and then he had been so patient, simply going about his morning routine, as though nothing was amiss, all the while hiding this delightful and slightly naughty secret just for Sherlock to find.
You walked, and you were wearing the same pair of trainers you are at present. You snuck up to the house through the side hedge, and threw the gravel in your pockets at the window until Tregennis opened it to you.
There’s a bit of a pause, during which he imagines Sherlock is doing his best impression of busy and failing.
Sherlock’s mouth waters, and he reaches out, looks up at John’s face, to be sure, and when he sees nothing but raw, open hunger there he trails a single finger over the the line of John’s cock, listens to his breath catch, and then release in a small huff.
He stokes the fire in the lounge as well, and then goes to the back door, and eases it open a crack.
The rock is horribly slick, but his socked feet are giving him more leverage than his shoes ever could.
Sherlock brings his lube-slick fingers around, and teases the edges.  John is stretched wide, and he flutters around Sherlock’s fingers, as Sherlock slides two in, slowly, carefully.  John presses back against his hand, taking Sherlock in deeper and moans again.
John looks down at his hands, small and safe in Sherlock’s, and he forces the words over the lump in his throat.
Still, it seems wrong, wrong somehow, because there is something—something about the whole situation that doesn’t sit quite right.
), the eating, the bathing, the stories, the prep for the next day (John even makes himself a sack lunch which Sherlock can never recall seeing him do before).
John just shakes his head, and draws two chairs up to the console table by the door to the back garden, throws open the window, and cracks the door.
He’s never wanted anything more, and he thinks, for a brief moment, that he should be ashamed of wanting this, wanting to lay himself down, lay himself bare, wanting to give over, give in, submit wholly and completely, but he isn’t, he realises.
I like that you like me in it, and if you’d like to get all kitted out like this again sometime, I wouldn’t say no.”
He takes the bottle of iodine away from him, grabs a tissue from the box on the back of the toilet, and starts to dab at the cut on John’s cheek.
He has the cab change routes on the spot, but is still unacceptably late, which means that the nursery has called John, who no doubt had his phone turned off because he was in therapy, and when they get no answer there, are obliged to stay late.
Sherlock forces his eyes open, slips his hand from John’s and reaches for John’s cock again, hoping he understands, praying he will permit it.  It’s incredibly intimate, Sherlock thinks, coming together, joined like this, and he’s so close, that he knows without a doubt, that when John comes he will be right behind him, but he needs this, he needs it to be together.
John has gone back to kissing his neck, his breath coming hot and quick against Sherlock’s skin, and Sherlock reaches up, and over, and rests his hand atop John’s head.
Sherlock breaks their kiss, dips down, and sucks hard at the crook of John’s neck, feels a frisson of arousal crackle over his skin at the sound of John’s strangled moan.
Sherlock is awed  that John is letting him do this, letting Sherlock touch him like this, draw pleasure from his body.  He wants to take it slow, savour it, but at the same time he is desperately afraid that John might change his mind.  Still. He needs to be sure.
You’ve just asked him to put a label on it, and if there’s one thing that man’s good at, it’s running from the obvious.”
Like the time he’d nicked a vein in uni, and bled all over Victor the first time they’d shared a bed.
When they get back to the flat, John offers to go get Rosie from Mrs. Hudson, and Sherlock heads up to make them both a cup of tea before bed.
Nothing had worked but a glass of whiskey, and the solid, cold comfort of his service revolver tucked away in his desk drawer.
He’s quiet as he enters the loo, strips out of his trousers and pants, and when he pulls back the shower curtain, John does jump in surprise.  He’s soaking wet, skin pink from the hot water coursing over his body.  Sherlock is hit with a wall of scent.  His own shampoo, the salt of John’s skin, the tang of his bar soap.  He steps into the shower, and John takes a step back, and then Sherlock crowds him up against the cold tile, and John hisses as the icy porcelain makes contact with his warm skin, gasps as Sherlock’s cock, hard and leaking, slides over his abdomen.
It opens up a vast universe of possibilities, secret fantasies that John has rarely if ever indulged because they seemed almost more foreign than exciting.
Sherlock’s heart stutters in his chest, even as his brain rails against the evidence set before him: candle light, a proper dinner, a bottle of wine.  Perhaps John has gone out to the pub and brought a woman home?  But, John had said three months ago—no more girlfriends.  He’d said he was getting too old, and didn’t have the energy for dates, and pick ups, and the game of it all.  Still, today had no doubt been very trying…
He smiles at the constant stream of humming, and he pretends to be asleep when John slips back into the room and the loo beyond to wash up and brush his teeth.
When he’d slipped from bed and toed into some warm socks, flung a dressing gown over his pyjamas, and padded to the bedroom window, it was to the sight of at least a foot of white blanketing the back garden, and fat flakes still floating down from the heavy skies.
He sniffs, and looks over at the sunshine vainly trying to make its way between the crowded assortment of flats across the street to shine in his window.
But Mr. Science is being a dick, and so he can’t even turn to that without wanting to hit something.
“I don’t deserve to be so happy,” he whispers to no one in particular, and Sherlock chooses that moment to let out a remarkably loud snore, given the nasal strip he’s wearing.
John fumbles for the hem and starts to pull it off, but Sherlock swats his hands out of the way, tears it off himself, and then goes for John’s.
The house does turn out to be a waste of time, the crime scene having already been thoroughly investigated, and the police having destroyed anything useful. The local constabulary also proves most unreceptive to help from ‘
Especially Sherlock, and Rosie, and he thinks he’s gotten fairly good at knowing when Sherlock is feeling embarrassed.
And then his eyes are flitting away, back to his experiments, and John is pushing away from the wall, a grin on his face to match the one still ghosting across Sherlock’s lips.
Rosie’s caught a cold, which probably means that they all will, mostly because Sherlock seems to have zero qualms about germs passing via bodily fluids, and lets her rest on his chest, and wipe her snotty nose all over his shoulder and neck when she’s fussing.
Perhaps he has given up the bed upstairs and moved into Sherlock’s bigger room and bigger bed on the main floor.
He wonders what it must have been like for John, as a child, John who is clearly tactile, who craves the press and crush of other human bodies, to grow up in a home with an unaffectionate mother, and a violent, abusive father.  Would anyone have ever done these sorts of things for him?  Would he have been bathed, slowly, gently, with care?  Would he have been tucked in at night with stories, and a kiss to the forehead?  Would there have been winter evenings by the fire, tucked up on his father’s lap watching Christmas movies, or pats on the head, and praise from his mother when he made particularly good marks in school?  Sherlock imagines not.
Unfortunately, John and I have just had a little sample of your husband’s handiwork, and we’d much rather freeze our fingers and toes then succumb to what the local papers have rather ridiculously been referring to as
He wonders what the future might hold, if she will stay at Baker Street, or if the two of them will find a little Sussex Cottage of their own.
John’s mouth drops open further, and when he licks his lips again, Sherlock is mesmerised by how wet it is.
Sherlock’s whole body goes rigid for the briefest of seconds, and then he lets go, goes liquid, reaches out for John’s body for support, and kisses him back with a clumsy desperation that makes John giddy with joy and relief.  He smiles against Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock pulls back, brow knit, cheeks pink.
John goes into the kitchen, and starts to make tea, and Sherlock drops into his chair, curls onto his side, and watches him.
By the time John turns down the aisle in question, Sherlock is already standing in front of the multicoloured display, arms crossed over his chest, considering his options.
John’s hands, hot and strong, splay against his lower back, press just enough to keep their bodies close, just enough to make John’s intention clear:
John’s brows furrow a little, but he doesn’t ask anything further.  “Mmm. Bit small, but nice. Big enough for us.”
He toes off his shoes, picks up their bags, and heads toward where he assumes Sherlock must have gotten to.
Sherlock sighs as dramatically as he can manage, twists away from John’s embrace, and curls up on his side, facing away from him.
John wants to protest, on principal, but he supposes that Sherlock isn’t entirely wrong, and it seems he’s starting to drift off, so best to not start a row now.
When they reach the restaurant, John holds the door open, and then heads straight for the window seat, they’d sat at that first night.
Sherlock tosses the shirt on the floor, and reaches down for John’s belt, unbuckles it, and then uses both ends to slowly drag John closer.
He groans loud into the empty room, spills hot over John’s hand, and then turns to jelly beneath John’s frantic thrusts and thrills at the sounds John makes the, ‘uh, uh, uh’ as he ruts faster and faster against Sherlock’s thigh, the bitten off, ‘Fuck!’ as as the first burst of his orgasm explodes through him.
“I’m sorry, I must have missed the part where anything about my and John’s life was any of your business.”
John walks about the parlour, running his fingers over the hearth, the bookshelves, the faded chintz sofa.
John doesn’t have time to dwell on it, because Sherlock’s hand starts to move, and his head starts to bob, and his mouth is hot, and wet, and the suction he’s providing is just abso-fucking-lutely right, and John realises with a jolt, that he is much closer than he’d realised, and that it’s not going to take much, much of anything at all before he…
John huffs out something that almost sounds like a laugh, but which quickly devolves into something much different.
It takes them several trips to get all the pieces of all three hives stacked neatly in a corner, and John’s trouser legs are soaked through to the knees by the time they’re done, because it is heavy, wet snow, and he’s worked up quite a sweat with all the trudging back and forth.
I’m not going to lie and say I don’t like it, want it, even need it sometimes, but honestly, I’m pretty shite at it.”
And a fondness that makes John’s breath catch in his throat and more shockingly still, his cock stir in his trousers.
John closes the windows just as the wind kicks up outside knocking the garden gate against the fence, and rattling the loose panes in the window over the sink.
You don’t have to prove anything to me, and you don’t have to put your life at risk just to keep me interested.
Well, he’s not sure what they are, but they share a flat again, and there are nights of John picking out films he thinks will amuse Sherlock, and Sherlock deducing the plot in the first 5 minutes and then shouting at the telly for the rest of it, there are late night picnics of Thai takeaway in front of the hearth, and there is the sound of Sherlock’s violin lulling John to sleep again, and John ignoring body parts in the crisper again, and Mrs. Hudson’s tea waiting whenever they happen to get up.
Some bloke kitted out like he’s on his way to a Comic Convention, taking down a thief outside a tiny corner shop.
It seems that SensoryScience’s channel had kept playing until the battery died, and it picks up at a different video.
He’s only reached the third button of his shirt when John is spinning him around, pushing him against the wall, and overwhelming him like the surge of an oncoming flood.  Sherlock hears the glass covering the art on the wall behind him crunch a little. He pulls back enough to let it fall to the floor, and then gives as good as John, crowding forward and pushing him up against the closed door of the wardrobe beside them.
It’s drying out nicely, and so he adds some more baking soda and makes a note to vacuum it well later.
For once in his life it’s something Sherlock is beginning to miss.  Oh, he would never press the issue, or even broach the topic at all.  John has been through things Sherlock can scarcely imagine, things he can’t bear to think about, and far be it for him to take even the slightest hint of John’s bodily autonomy away from him.
He expected he would be more lost in the moment, but instead he is distracted, hyperaware of everything: the smell of John’s shaving cream still on his skin, the softness of John’s t-shirt beneath his fingertips, the way John’s eyelashes are tickling his, the dryness of John’s lips and the contrast of the wet heat at the seam of his mouth, the way his own heart is racing with furious anxiety at all the unknowns.
Need to get some protein into her to counteract all that sugar, or you’re going to have a little cyclone on your hands when I go out later.”
He shrugs out of his jacket, and throws it over the coffee table, undoes one more button at the neck of his shirt, shifts a little to make sure his trousers are straining, just so.
He sucks in great heaving gulps, sobs into the darkness, and still he can feel the warm, wet of the blood pooling beneath him, sucking him down.
John slides away from the table and marches back toward the loo, head down, hands balled into fists at his side, and with a slight hitch to his gait.
He’s tempted to get up and collect it, but Mrs. Hudson’s warm chicken dinner is starting to take effect, and he feels drowsy, limbs heavy.
John fiddles a little with one of the buttons, and Sherlock wonders if he might unfasten it, but after a minute, he just lays his hand flat against Sherlock’s chest, and looks up at him.
He turns and stares down at John’s scowl, at his head of still sleep-mussed hair, at the way the t-shirt he’s wearing stretches across his chest, revealing nipples peaked from the cold.
She doesn’t know what it is, and she’s less concerned with the code itself than she is with who else is interested in it.”
A landlady who is more generous and tolerant than she has any business being, and even—an extra bedroom upstairs, if you were so inclined.”
The sleet outside has stopped, and the wind died, and Sherlock can just hear the softening sigh of the sea through the thick walls.
He’s looking at Sherlock in way that is making warmth curl and pool in his abdomen, making his mouth water, and his body coil tight in anticipation.
And once again John thinks Sherlock’s mum must be horribly picky if she thinks his playing is unacceptable, because it sounds beautiful beyond belief to John.
His hands come to rest on John’s hips, thumbs tracing crescent moons over his hip bones, and he kisses back.
The announcement finally comes at the beach, with them standing in the wild, winter wind, the sun glinting off cresting wave-caps of foam, and Rosie digging about in the tide pools.
Sherlock takes in the droop of his shoulders, the loose fingered fist resting on the mantle, the way he favours his bad leg.
And here they are again, Sherlock suddenly realises, John playing out with Sherlock what it is Sherlock had tried and failed at with him.
In his mind, John kisses him, reaches down to palm him through his trousers, murmurs unintelligible things in his ear, that set Sherlock alight all the same.
Sherlock’s head snaps down, and he watches, tears streaming down his cheeks, as he comes, and comes all over John’s chest, his body squeezing so tight around John’s cock that it’s almost uncomfortable, and John grips his hips even harder, and thrusts twice more, before coming so hard he goes dizzy.
But Sherlock just slides his hands up under John’s jumper, and rolls over, pulling his body atop his.
Sherlock sighs loudly, pops up from his chair, and snatches up his plate, which he takes into the kitchen, and dumps in the sink with a clatter.
After a few seconds, Sherlock sidles up beside him, never one able to resist his own sense of curiosity.
He considers going to Regent’s Park again, but he doesn’t want to brave the tube, and it would take too many buses.
Sherlock’s fingers are rubbing against John’s scalp now, sometimes stroking, sometimes fluttering, sometimes simply sitting, warm and heavy against the crown of his head, while Sherlock murmurs ear to ear.
“I think he suspected it even before Harry, but afterwards he, he made sure I knew it wasn’t acceptable, not in his house, every chance he got.
He would love to crawl into a tight, dark hole and not come out until he is sober enough to have his masks all well in place again.
John doesn’t say anything to that, just stares, and then reaches out and gently squeezes Sherlock’s shoulder, before getting to his feet with a hiss of discomfort.
And John drops his eyes immediately, looks down, away, not just because of the danger it would be to Sherlock, but because every glance, every time their eyes meet is pain.
“So what do you want me to do, because he’s shut me out this last week—doesn’t FaceTime, doesn’t call, barely even answers my texts.”
He stares down at his phone with a feeling of loathing so overwhelming that all he can think to do is toss the thing across the room, as far from himself as he can manage.
He kisses him again, and again, tastes the salt of his own tears mingling with the sweetness of Sherlock’s mouth, and suddenly he’s a desperate, clinging, frantic ball of need, all over again.
It was this precious, secret thing, and I always felt like—if I acted on it, it would—it would sully it somehow, take some of the beauty out of it.
John jerks his chin in acknowledgement, and follows on Sherlock’s heel as he heads back down the street.
A puff of a breath explodes over Sherlock’s neck, cool against the damp of John’s tears smeared against his skin.
John shakes his head.  “Not right now.” John’s eyes rake over every inch of him he can see.  “You okay?”
“I had a gun, and I put the stuff in the diffuser, and I went back out the window, shut it, and sat on the roof, and watched him die.
Sherlock puts her to bed, and when he comes back downstairs it’s to John sitting in his chair with a glass of scotch in one hand, and a book in the other.
What he wants, what he really wants is to crawl into the bed with John, to pull him close, and promise him that nothing like this will ever happen to him again, as long as he draws breath.
Sherlock deepens their kiss, moans again, shifts his hip just a little, and something in John breaks. With a soft grunt and whine, he finally shifts and presses himself against Sherlock’s leg, thrusting against him frantic, desperate, until he tenses, shudders and shouts, rocks himself through it, with a series of long strangled moans that make Sherlock’s skin burst into gooseflesh, and toes curl, and his cock throb in sympathy.
Irene throws up her hands in frustration and defeat, and Sherlock can’t help but feel sympathy for her situation.
John thinks that maybe he could come just from watching Sherlock’s face, shocked at how much pleasure he’s feeling, experiencing a prostate orgasm for the first time.
“It seems you already have, Mrs. Roundhay, but since you’re here, perhaps it’s best we do as John says, and come in out of the cold.”
In dreams John’s mouth anoints every inch of him, lighting small fires over the landscape of his body.
Sherlock observes, as though it requires stating, as though John isn’t suddenly half hard, completely pliant, and willing to do anything Sherlock asks.
He licks his lips and drops a hand to his hip, and then John is there, standing at the door to the lounge, face flushed, coat folded over one arm, and still held in front of himself.
John stops mid sentence, and Sherlock hurriedly shrugs into a dressing gown and heads out to the entry to find out why.
Come marry me, and then you can take me on this top secret, last minute honeymoon you’ve arranged, and make me come as many times as you like.”
It doesn’t take long at all, and then suddenly John’s tongue is filling him, not very deep of course, but it’s enough to make stars pop in front of his eyes, to draw a gut-deep groan from his throat, and to tip him precariously over the brink.
None have proper titles, just dates, and a series of numbers afterwards, that John can’t make head nor tails of.
It’s unsatisfactory, but he learns enough to determine that the boy’s sympathies in the split had lain with his mother and that other than being inexcusably absent in his son’s life, Holdernesse is quite fond of the boy, and quite innocent.
But you have to trust me when I say I’m okay, and give me a few minutes to figure that out, sometimes.”
It doesn’t seem to matter now, though, because Sherlock has started to thrust back against his finger, taking what he wants, and John pulls out, chuckling at Sherlock’s whinge of irritation, and then slicks his finger with more lube and pushes back in.
His brother sits a little straighter in his seat, grips the handle of the umbrella in his hand just a little tighter.
She’s got the Watson temper, and she’s started making him pay for it when he leaves her for more than a day.
“Made popcorn,” John offers from the futon, lifting the paper bag in his hand in a gesture obviously designed to draw away Sherlock’s gaze as John’s eyes drop briefly to his shorts and flit away again.
The drugs are often much better at that than continuing to drown himself in fantasies of things that can never be his.
You said,” (and he slips into his best impression of John), “Don’t you even think about it, Sherlock!”
Could just look at a person and tell you everything about them: their profession, where they’d just flown in from, how many siblings they had—hell, even things only their therapist knew.
She seems to drift, and John is almost back to sleep, when she rubs her face over the front of his t-shirt, and pokes him in the chest.
John takes his antibiotics, and a pain killer and then goes back to the lounge to tuck into his own meal.
If Sherlock were to turn his head, just a fraction of an inch, he could press his lips to the soft skin just behind John’s ear.
John lets out a long-suffering sigh, and frowns before slamming his coffee mug back on the counter, and going to answer it.
It makes him realise how easy it was, how willing he’s been—after everything, after all this time, and all the denial, and all the loss, after all the anger, and grief, and resignation.
In fact, taking things that far is strictly forbidden, so it takes the pressure off, makes Sherlock feel like perhaps he can enjoy this for what it is, without having to navigate the usual minefield of human relationships and expectations.
Returning to the lounge, he locks the phone and sets it on the desk, and then grabs his coat, and goes out.
He gets up and pads to the loo, tosses his soiled pants in the sink and cleans up with a flannel as best he can.
Was planning on giving it to you Christmas morning, but then there were the crackers, and I remembered last Christmas, and figured now was the time.
But now they’re stuck here, in the middle of nowhere, in the most unfortunately timed storm in recorded history, and everything is falling apart.
And John is still so much of a wonderful, near miraculous mystery that Sherlock feels very fortunate, indeed.
“In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort.”
He listens for any sort of sound from downstairs, and when he hears none, licks his lips and palms himself experimentally through his trousers.
And Sherlock doesn’t know whether he means him or the Sherlock John had kept as companion in his head when Sherlock was dead.
One of Sherlock’s hands disappears, but the other stays where it is, one finger, stroking along the crack of John’s arse, while he arches up against John’s body from below, his cock a hot, hard pressure in the crease of John’s thigh.
Evidently finding it to his liking, he sinks down beneath the swiftly mounting layer of froth with a shiver and a sigh.
His balance shifts, and John moves, and suddenly Sherlock’s thigh is between John’s legs, and he can feel—everything.
“It means it was more than good,” Sherlock reassures him.  “It means I have never previously had an experience quite like it, and I would very much like to see if I might have another again, sometime very soon.”
John goes quiet for a moment, and then his fingers are weaving between the strands of Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock’s whole body lights up, tingles, comes alive.
He recognises one of the officers from two days prior by his trademark scowl as he drives past.  Sherlock grins cheerily and waves, relishing in the way the man sputters, and turns away in a huff.
Sherlock crawls back on top of him, sits back on John’s thighs, and dispenses a little of the lube into his hand.
It takes him a minute to get the phone propped up in a spot where he’s in frame, and it won’t tip over.
Needs him to know how much this has meant to him, that John wants to be with him in this way, that John was willing to wait out Sherlock’s wholly unnecessary histrionics about marriage and weddings being a waste of time, wholly unnecessary, foolish even.
“Oh come now, if you know who I am then you know there is no need for that sort of delicacy around me.
He’ll make a cheese toasty for himself, and maybe just some hot toast for Sherlock, and they can both have soup.
It coils tight and hot in his belly, and makes him press his mouth to Sherlock’s chest, tongue tentatively reaching out to taste the bathwater beading up on his skin.
He’s confident he won’t let John down, and by the way John is panting, and fisting his hair as Sherlock sucks at his hip bone, he’s fairly certain he’s proving himself just fine.
She is clearly thrilled by this detail, which is unsurprising as she has been going through what John has dubbed her ‘pink period’ for over six months now.
He gets to his feet, and completely ignores Sherlock as he passes, moves on to Arthur who is still clinging to his father.
I still have to go to Acton at 3:00 to meet to the estate agent, and if Rosie doesn’t get to see the African exhibit there will be hell to pay.”
John smooths a hand along the side of her head, carefully examines a couple of the worst looking bruises.
His brow is knit, mouth pressed together with guilt, and suddenly Sherlock realises that the guilt he had seen earlier wasn’t about Watson, but…
He pulls back and fumbles about on the top of the sheets until his finds the condom, tears it open, and rolls it on.
“Ms. Thompson said to tell you that she is willing to conduct your session via Skype if you prefer.”
She flounces into the room, staring slightly agape at the wood-paneling, and velvet-flocked, brocade wallpaper that adorns the walls of the small ante room.
Sherlock gives John’s hand a small tug.  “Come here.” And John does. He rolls onto his side and lets Sherlock tuck his head up under his chin, lets him breathe into his hair, and trace a finger the length of his spine.
He buried his nose in John’s neck and breathes deep, moans, and John feels his body start to respond.
It isn’t until they are in the back of the ambulance on the way to the hospital, that Sherlock looks over at John’s hands trembling and clenched into white-knuckled fists, and reaches out.
“You won’t.  You like doing these little things for me.  You just also happen to like complaining about it.”
A wave of cold hair cuts through the homely warmth of the room the minute he opens the door, and Sherlock tucks his knees up under his chin with a scowl.
There’s a slight breeze up in the open, and as the clouds skitter by, their shadows trail over the pastoral patchwork below.
He opens his eyes again, watches, feels the gentle brush of fingers over skin, feels it set his whole body to humming, even as it sends him deeper.
It whites his brain, wipes it clean, nothing but the explosive pleasure of the moment, the flood of chemicals coursing through his body, the strange, vulnerable feeling of his cock pulsing in his fist as he spends all over his belly and chest.
Sherlock nods, and turns to look at John again.  He’s smiling in earnest, now, and Sherlock chuckles.  “Were you really worried?”
The light outside the windows is turning a slate grey with the encroaching dawn, but the storm gives no signs of abating.
“Wanna see you,” he says again, slides his hands downward until he reaches the top of Sherlock’s pants.
He pushes away the sudden temptation to drag it out, long, strung-out minutes of threading together stories, keeping himself teetering on the brink, hungry, and thirsty, and wholly, emotionally engrossed.
Somehow they get out on the street, and they are halfway down it, when John realises that Sherlock is propping him up, arm around his back, body pressed steady and warm against his side.
Sherlock rumbles in his ear, knowing how John loves it, knowing what it does to him, and that’s all it takes.
Sherlock nods toward the nightstand on his side of the bed.  “In the usual spot. I got more lube yesterday, too.”
Sherlock shrugs out of his coat, scarf, and gloves, and leaves them in a heap on the floor, before beginning to strip John of his own outerwear.
It is the combination of firm, set mouth, wrinkled brow, and flared nostrils that means she is done with words and about to turn to action.
John turns back and grins, a slightly filthy thing that sends a shiver down Sherlock’s spine.  “Yeah?  Okay.”  And then he disappears down the hall, and Sherlock hears the click of the door, and the sound of the water turning on, and he feels like he can breathe again.
Sherlock groans in response, and wraps his arms around John’s waist to pull him back against his body.  They don’t fit well this way, their height difference makes it impossible for either of them to get what they’re hoping for, but Sherlock runs his hands over the planes of John’s chest, the soft flesh of his belly, kisses his head, and the top of his ear, his shoulder, and anywhere he can reach.
He would read me a story every night before I went to bed, and then he would choose five vocabulary words from that night’s chapter, and draw them on my back, and I would have to guess.”
John reaches down and fastens his seatbelt as Sherlock slowly accelerates and carries on his way down the snowy road.
His hips are completely still, but his erection is pressed against Sherlock’s hip, and Sherlock can feel it throb and twitch with each new sound he makes.
John glances up like he has no idea what Sherlock is asking, and then opens his mouth wide, stuffing the entire cracker in at once, while piling cheese on a second one.
John stares down at the menu in his hand, and then up at the ornate ceilings and crystal chandeliers handing above them.
He’d ordered the shower to give himself some time and space to think, to consider how best to diffuse John’s anxieties and concern over his sister enough for him to let them go for a few hours, get a decent night’s sleep.  He knows what he would choose if it were him, but he is not John, and it is likely that John might not appreciate the same things he would.
His lips are in John’s hair, and John’s are against his chest, breath warm and even, tickling the sparse hair there.
It’s always there, it’s always been there, I’ve always seen it, but it was always easier, safer for you when it was me who didn’t do that.
When he gets back to his flat, his landlady, Mrs. Hudson, is just heading up the stairs with a tray of tea.
All this online business has been fun, necessary even, but John feels stuck, unsure if he’s even really wanted, and it would be nice to know, good to know.
John’s hand retreats again, and he tangles their limbs, one thigh sliding up between Sherlock’s, pressing against his erection with just enough pressure to keep him half hard, if he shifts now and again.  It aches, but it’s pleasant, too, and John is letting him touch, and explore, to trace fingers lightly down his spine, and press soft kisses into his hair, and after a few minutes John begins to recover from his post-orgasmic torpor, and to respond in kind, with lazy, sloppy kisses to Sherlock’s neck, a gentle kneading of his arse, and contented, breathy sighs against Sherlock’s skin that seem to light him aflame more than any of the other sounds John had been making earlier.
Sherlock wants him here at his side, he’s made that amply clear, on more than one occasion since John moved back, and that’s enough.
John’s face does something Sherlock can’t interpret, and then he is opening the cab door, ducking inside, and Sherlock’s heart plummets.
“If you insist on continuing this relationship with my brother, then I’m afraid you and I will be meeting a great deal more often than this.”
But if the stories are true, then the murder of Geoffrey Edwards isn’t the first to have occurred between these walls, and John is rather convinced that they may just have some otherworldly companions following them about the narrow corridors, through the great galleries, and currently, beneath the rain-mottled glass ceiling of the conservatory.
“I’m standing in the middle of the fucking street at six in the bloody morning, because I came all the way across town to see if you were okay, to see why we keep doing this, and I find you higher than a kite, and then am booted out on my arse, and yet I…
Sherlock knows John well enough to know he must be getting close, and there’s something rather intoxicating in that, the thought that what John feels for him, his voice, his body, his touch, has reduced John to this, his John who is usually so buttoned up, so restrained and careful, is coming apart in his arms, and so quickly, too.
The evening sun coming through the windows will fall over his body perfectly if John gets home in the next few minutes.
It’s hot, and wet, and absolutely filthy, and John has never had a partner who has done this for him before, so it is also a novelty, every sensation a surprise.
Thought I’d try something new, something that would make it last, because I knew you would be equally creative if we were ever to…”
Listen, I’ve just come through a two year rough patch, and I’m not especially keen on being permanently driven out of my wits.”
He tries not to think about her in the end, when the cancer got bad, and all her beautiful hair had fallen out, and the wild, wondrous light in her eyes had dimmed.
Middle aged, bit stodgy, darkish, thinning hair, three-piece suit that makes him look more like a banker than some all-knowing, all-seeing puppet master.
Sherlock snatches it up, and then opens it gingerly, as though it contains something of infinite beauty and value.
He’s regretting all of his life choices, and wishing that he was anywhere other than where he is currently sitting (John’s prim dress, thin, wet lips, and distractingly expressive eyebrows notwithstanding).
Somehow John’s trousers are gone, and he looks down to see himself flushed, and hard, and exposed in the icy cold.
John sucks in a quick breath, lets it out again, and turns on his heel to look down at Sherlock sitting on the edge of the bed.
“But, sometimes he’d get in a mood, and he’d always push me away, except for the times he didn’t, and I lived for those moments, because they were the only times I ever felt really alive.”
John sucks in a breath so suddenly it sounds like a gasp, and Sherlock inches a finger across the gap between their hands to hook it hesitantly over one of John’s.
What possible motivation could this insignificant man so far from the school and with no obvious association to Holdernesse have for killing him?
When his phone rings, he’s just finally dropping off to sleep, and it wakes him with a jolt of adrenaline.
“Well then, I would think that you would be clever enough to see the value of love over ‘in love’ whatever that means.
Somewhere in the back of his head Sherlock knows this is John stalling, not wanting to give up control just yet (not ready).
“Until you texted me this morning, until I came over here, and saw you again, and you knew how I take my coffee without me even having to tell you, and you were inviting me to run off on some adventure with you, and then—god help me, I…”
And John lets himself be stripped bare, grateful for the fire he’d built earlier, and which is still burning brightly in the hearth, as Sherlock sits up, cheeks pink and hair wild, and starts to divest him of his trousers as well.
Sherlock slowly shifts his leg back, instantly misses the hard, hot line of John throbbing against him, but John doesn’t surge forward, or tell him to wait, to stop.
“In my favourite one, you would stop for a minute, surprised to see me, but then you would hold my gaze, and go back to what you were doing, and you would…”
He wants something modest, something out of the way, and something firmly built that can withstand the sorts of winter storms that blow in from the sea this time of year.
He gazes over at John’s lax mouth, at cheeks flushed slightly pink in sleep, and at limbs that tremble in small intervals, and wonders at the sheer force of everything he feels for him, and the fact that he is sitting here contemplating catering his work just to suit John’s needs.
Sherlock presses in, slowly, as deep as he thinks can possibly be comfortable, and John doesn’t look away for a moment, not even when his mouth drops open, and his breath starts coming in quick pants, and his body grows impossibly warm against Sherlock’s.
Sherlock shifts his hands a little on the next upward stroke, curls his fingers around John’s hips, presses the pads of his thumbs against John’s hipbones, gasps when John pushes into his touch.
Please note that this chapter earns it's explicit rating.  Please heed the new tags listed below.  If you've been reading me for awhile, you're probably familiar with my brand of mild dom/sub.  This is definitely not full on BDSM, but I do like to play with a mild dom/sub dynamic, especially the psychology and healing aspects of it, because I see it sort of inherent in the characters relationship.  It's pretty tender and gentle, but if this is something you can't deal with at all, then feel free to skip this chapter.  I don't think you will miss out on anything really big.
He’s rather mortified at the bite in his eyes, at the way the image of his brother swims in front of him.
John drops his head and smiles at the sound of Sherlock’s voice, before dashing across the abandoned road, and climbing gratefully inside.
Wish you could all see him in action, but I think he likes to keep his real life and his channel here separate, and it’s not my place to expose all that.
He lifts a finger under his nose, sniffs like he’s inhaling a line of coke and then laughs when John scowls.
He motions down the length of his broken body, and he means more than just his body, Sherlock knows.
He feels quite ridiculous, a grown man acting like a callow school boy, but John seems just as tentative, and there is a kind of comfort and camaraderie in that.
They sit in silence looking at one another, and it feels for one horrible moment, like that day at Bart’s, all those years ago, When John had held Sherlock’s gaze as he stepped off the edge of a roof and plummeted to his death, tearing John’s whole life apart in an instant.
Sherlock’s spine straightens, he blinks, his cheeks pink, and his face takes on the sort of pliant, sheepish expression that is usually reserved for his mother’s more demonstrative tangents.
He sucks in a shaking breath, blinks once, and then sits up so suddenly, John thinks he’s been bitten by something.
It gives John the opportunity to look, just to look at soft, freshly washed curls, no product, lying in soft waves about his neck, over his ears and forehead; at large, elegant hands, carefully adjusting the microscopes focus, and full lips wrapping absently around the rim of his teacup, and the long, pale column of his neck, which he stretches a little to the left and right, no doubt working out the tension left from a day of sitting hunched over his experiments.
John’s voice breaks, and he has to swallow hard and blink back the moisture swimming in his eyes before he continues.
I only fished your ungrateful arse out of the Thames in the middle of the bloody night, in the middle of fucking January, but okay.”
John stores the knowledge away for a later date, and watches dry-mouthed, as Sherlock’s fingers drop to his belt.
“What’s left of an old family estate.  We don’t use it much anymore. I doubt anyone will think to look for us here, and it belongs to my mother, so if we had need of—assistance, we could have people here in a snap.  I’d only have to reach out.”
It’s a world all its own, a world of Sherlock’s making, and John wonders how long Sherlock will leave him teetering here, and why he wants it, why it feels so fucking good he could cry (
He sits back a little, and he looks drunk, John thinks, curls a riot, cheeks still flushed, eyelids heavy.
Sherlock ignores him, goes back to whatever it is he’s doing with shaking hands and slightly dilated pupils.
Sherlock glances over at him again.  It’s not like John to need so much reassurance after they make love these days.  This did mean something different to him, that’s clear.
John checks the current time on a wrist watch, which Sherlock finds incredibly ‘John’, and unpredictably endearing, without being able to explain why.
It’s a rollercoaster of emotions, none of which he can really identify, and all of which seem all-encompassing and larger than life.
Sherlock throws a hand over his head with a sigh, feels the phone vibrate in his palm, and quickly snatches it back.
Sherlock smiles, and lets his eyes slide shut as John fists his hair, and tugs lightly, just the way he likes.
It’s all new to him, John reminds himself, and hasn’t John been right where Sherlock is before, and hasn’t he been shamed and embarrassed for it, and didn’t he swear he’d never do that to someone he cared about.
Sherlock shudders out a series of tiny thrusts as he spends the last of his orgasm, and then collapses atop John’s body with an exhausted whimper.
He can feel the shock ripple through Sherlock’s body, for a moment, but then he relaxes again, melts into it, and lets John explore his mouth, slow, and sweet and lazy, before he pulls back again with a smile.
He dashes into the cottage and back out again in seconds, and then hurls the offending diffuser into the nearest tangle of brambles.
When John finally strolls back into the kitchen several minutes later, Sherlock is just ladling the soup into bowls and spreading the toast generously with butter.
He does pull at John’s hair now, as he feels his balls pull up, and the thing that had been building in him reach its zenith.
John is clearly angry, but it’s a mild, fond sort of thing, not the kind of pent up ferocity he had unleashed on their suspect in the alley earlier.
John rolls his hips a little, which is a rather pleasurable affair, given the location of Sherlock’s thigh between his legs.
Sherlock dashes across the sand, scoops Rosie up as she lets out a squeal, and then carries on back to the tide pool.
And then he winks, and John giggles, and Sherlock chuckles as he finally plunges his hand into the night stand and comes out with a condom and a half-empty tube of lubricant.
panting and moaning his name, over and over, like some sort of mantra, and John can feel it coiling tighter, and tighter, his hand a blur over his cock, and Sherlock thrashing about on the bed, like he must be nearing his own climax, but that can’t possibly be, because…
He steps back and lets the two strange men assess Sherlock, stabilise him, and load him onto a stretcher.
But his body and eyes are silently telegraphing so much collective trauma that Sherlock’s brain has trouble keeping up.
But tonight.  Tonight John brought a bottle of wine to the table.  Tonight John cooked them something a little more substantial than sandwiches, soup or risotto.  Tonight John had lit a candle at the table, and turned the lights down low, and Sherlock can’t help but wonder if it means something.
There isn’t time to think about it, because then they’re stopping in front of John’s car, and John is putting Sherlock’s bag in the back along with his.
Sherlock wants to hate him, but his body is singing with the contact, the sweet tug on his hair almost overriding the pain of the headache starting to develop.
John nods, and Sherlock lifts his other hand to rest atop the other, smoothes his hands down the length of his arms and then steps forward to wrap his arms around his waist, and pull him close.
There’s something different about him, Sherlock realises, a lightness, a lack of inhibition and self-consciousness that Sherlock can’t ever recall seeing in him before.
They seem to have very real, adult conversations, Rosie with her halting, toddler speech, and Sherlock with his usual, rapid fire verbosity.
John is crashing around in the kitchen, and Sherlock imagines how he probably looks just then, mouth a straight line, brows a delightful wrinkled V, eyes dark and flashing, as he struggles to hand-light the hob, slams a skillet on top, and adds some butter, cracks some eggs.
John looks down through his post-orgasmic haze, and can see the front of Sherlock’s trousers, tented and straining, the way Sherlock is stroking the inside of his own thigh, subconsciously.
“Hmm, that’s good, because I thought maybe we could prop it up on the mantle and enjoy it while we’re here.”
He remembers the first night Victor came to his room, in the dark, trembling all over, blonde hair askew, hands ice cold, and begged to be allowed to sleep there.
The pillow John brought over from the sofa drops to the floor behind him, and then he feels the warmth of John’s body, as he steps up behind him.
This time John presses his lips fully against Sherlock’s, pulls back, and dips in again, anointing his lips with the softest kisses, tender, tentative, careful, and Sherlock isn’t sure who they’re being careful for.
It’s likely they’ve got someone letting it right after us this time of year, and they’re probably city people who just have a service cleaning it between tenants.
I’m a consulting detective who often encounters the dead or wounded, and who quite frequently has run-ins with dangerous and violent criminals.
“Fresh starts, new relationships, new environments, they can provide a much needed distraction and provide a kind of reset sometimes.
But he can’t breathe, and he can’t be calm, and he can’t not be scared when John is bleeding, when John is dying, when everything in the universe seems to be aligning to take him away in the very moment he’s got him back.
A little lull in the storm in this chapter.  Figured you could all use a little sweetness and breathing space.
Sherlock carefully extricates himself from the futon, and heads to the loo, and then fetches his coat from the closet on his return.
But what I am saying, is that when the sort of touch modelled to you from your earliest memories is only violent, it can cause your approach to expressing emotion physically to get muddled.
“It is a bit much.”  John leans back in his chair, and stretches with a slight wince, stares out the window at the slate grey nothingness for a moment, and then back over at Sherlock.  “Good day to stay in and do nothing.”
Finally he sniffs loudly, and rolls away, turning his back on Sherlock, and descending into tense silence.
John squeezes Sherlock’s upper arm, eases him onto his back, stares down at the wrinkle forming between his brows, and presses his thumb to it.
"Funny, I’d say it’s this Moriarty bloke who abducted me and strapped me to enough Semtex to take out a van that’s a danger to me, not you.”
Eventually they reach a relatively clear spot where they can see what has so captured the carrion crow’s interest.
And then John is kissing him again, hands braced either side of his head, thighs clenched tight against his hips, as he kisses, and kisses, and kisses him.
Sounds mad, but I just wanted to do something he had no say in, wanted to take something back somehow.
He grabs his preferred brand off the shelf, tosses it in the basket with the two boxes of condoms, and then takes the other items from John’s hands and puts them in the basket as well.
The other children have let him know that again, and again, and he’s tried to be like them, tried to fit in, but it just never seems to work out.
Can’t think, can barely keep his mind on the sensation of Sherlock’s hand sliding up his chest, fingers hovering over his lips, hands cupping his face, thumbs tracing the knit line of his brow.
The carriage isn’t all that crowded, relatively quiet as far as the tube goes, and he fishes his phone out of his pocket.
John squeezes Sherlock’s arse again, and pulls his shirt out from beneath the waistband of his trousers, reaches up beneath, and drags the blunt of his nails over Sherlock’s back, feels his skin bloom into gooseflesh, relishes in the gasp, and the whine it draws from Sherlock’s lips.
John jumps at the sound of Sherlock’s voice, much closer than he had anticipated, turns, counter pressed against his lower back, and stares up at Sherlock looming over him.
, but what would he even say?  What would happen once he got there?  The whole situation is awkward, and awful, and it is no one’s fault but his.
Sherlock pokes violently at his eggs, willing his body into submission, trying desperately not to panic that’s he’s ruined everything already, before they’ve had even the slightest chance to try again.
“What I said last weekend, all of it was true, but it was mostly because I couldn’t imagine the flat without you, couldn’t bear to remember all the months you weren’t there.
I believe he may have gone to the edge of the park where he was met by whomever it was who arranged the meeting.
It feels too great a thing for chance, and for one brief moment, Sherlock almost thinks he could believe in some divine force in the universe, how else to explain such undeserved and breathtaking extras?
Thinks of the night sky in the desert, thinks of sea glass eyes, thinks of falling down, falling in.
John jerks his head once in assent, and then uncaps the lube and spreads a generous amount down the length of Sherlock’s shaft.  It’s slightly cool, and the sudden jump in temperature sends another other thrill of pleasure racing down his spine to bloom hot and molten in his abdomen.  “Feel good?” John is grinning, and Sherlock can only nod as John gives him a long languorous pull, and then another.
John hurriedly disrobes, and wonders how he got from terrified to even say the words ‘I love you’ to climbing stark naked into a tub across from the object of his affection, all within a few minutes.
John does the same, and then slides back and pulls him into his arms, spooning behind him, arm wrapped around, stroking Sherlock’s chest.
The Duke is absolutely adamant that as few people as possible be taken into his confidence, and this whole situation has already gone so far beyond the bounds of discretion, that one can hardly allow you and your colleague to running about the countryside, stirring up all sorts of rumours.”
That being said, it was coming from a caregiver and guardian, the only person a child has to model love.”
This is softer, slower building, and it just sort of sits and simmers, low and tingling over every inch of his body.  It's soft, and sweet, and heady.
John pulls a trouser leg down over his skate, gets to his feet, and pushes out onto the ice, praying that he remembers how to do this, that he won’t fall flat on his arse and embarrass himself in front of the local ladies he’s already had quite enough of.
His thumbs trace the inside of John’s thighs and John feels himself growing hard, so hard his trousers are starting to cause discomfort.
He dispenses an adequate amount of lube on his palm, waits a moment for it to warm, and then reaches beneath the sheets to wrap a hand around himself.
Mycroft sticks the tip of his umbrella onto the sedan floor, and stares down at it as he turns it in slow circles.
A small softness around the middle, two pockets either side of the base of his spine, a little in the chest.
One of those late Spring days that starts off cool in the morning, but almost feels like summer by noon.
Sherlock must sense it too, because he finally pulls back, licks a stripe up John’s half hard cock, and then rests his chin on John’s hipbone, and stares up at him.
The world goes oddly still and silent.  He can hear the afternoon traffic racing by outside, the tick of the clock in the kitchen, Mrs. Hudson’s radio playing a floor below, but in this room, between them--utter stillness.  They have both forgotten how to breathe.
All this time he’s been seeing Sherlock as the hesitant one, the inexperienced one, and he’s wanted to do right by him, gentle him into it, take their time, but perhaps he’s had it all wrong from the start.
Currently he has John tucked in on the sofa, with the television pulled over, and Raiders of the Lost Ark on Netflix.
He watches John pick up his trousers, fold them, and lay them across the chair by the wardrobe, watches him draw the curtains in front of the window, watches him walk to the door, and shut it—still inside.
He folds down the collar, disappears for a moment, and then returns and places a hand, warm and slightly slick against the base of John’s neck.
John pulls away, and when his eyes meet Sherlock’s they are intent and serious.  “I want to be yours.”
He hurries after him, reaches out, pulls their bodies together and presses his face into Sherlock’s neck when he lifts his arms to wrap around John’s back.
But now the daylight is waning, and even though it’s early it seems there really is nothing to be done but to nap.
Later Sherlock goes down to see if Mrs. Hudson needs anything before her sister arrives later in the day, while John packs their overnight bags.
Sherlock’s heart flutters in his chest for a moment, and he wonders why it aches as much as elates him.  John means it. He knows he does. But he looks—sad about it.
Their eyes meet, a moment of shared horror, and then Sherlock stumbles back, stumbles away, somehow manages to scoop the gun off the deck, where he’d set it down to strip John of the vest, and scrambles to his feet.
Sherlock’s lungs burn, and his knuckles feel bruised from knocking and scraping against the narrow walls as he races through.
There’s a brightness to her eyes, a knowing turn to her mouth that Sherlock recognises, and can only admire.
He does as he’s told and sits when John points to the teak bench set up beneath the shade of an old elm.
Sherlock swallows down the unexpected wave of emotion that clenches in his chest and bites at the corners of his eyes.
Mrs. Hudson had brought out the play dough just as he was leaving her flat, so she and Rosie will be occupied for awhile.
Tenderness is difficult for him now that he has opened himself, and laid himself open, so raw and exposed, to Sherlock’s regard.
He hears a hurried shuffling and then John’s footsteps fall in behind his.  And there is a kind of comfort in it. It is a little like old times, he thinks, those first heady, half-mad days, when John would have followed him straight into the fires of Hell if he’d so much as hinted he desired it.  It feels a little like the pieces falling back into place, all the trials, and pains, and missteps of the last decade slowly starting to set themselves to rights.
He’s just finished getting it arranged to his satisfaction when he hears a crackle from the record player, and Sherlock joins him by the window as the first, soft strains of ‘White Christmas’ fill the room.
Holdernesse looks down at the ground for a moment, before looking back up and meeting Sherlock’s eyes squarely and with confidence.
“About why you lied—to the front desk clerk, this afternoon, when we were checking in.  Was that for my benefit, or hers?”
And then John is inching closer, so close that Sherlock can feel John’s breath on his neck, so close that if he tilted his chin, just a little to his left, his lips would brush against John’s jaw, and—and—and….
Sherlock motions between the two of them, somehow trying to sum up whatever it is he has felt between them from the very moment they met.
Indulging this need is something he had decided to quit cold turkey after his first face-to-face encounter with James Moriarty.
When Mike says he hasn’t heard anything, and the newspapers turn up nothing new John convinces himself that he’s being paranoid and needs to at least try to get on with some sort of routine.
John leans back against the counter for support, watching him, drains the glass in one smooth motion, thumps the glass back down on the countertop and stares and stares.
But I’m going to remind you you said that at three in morning, when you’re whinging about being cold.”
“Do you think that the environment in which you met had anything to do with the depth of affection you held for one another?”
He jerks his head toward his shoulder, and his voice catches, even as his brows knit into a knot of pain at the memory of something Sherlock knows he may never be privy to.
Sherlock stares down at John’s small, white, trembling finger pressed just below the scar his late wife’s bullet had left.  “It was something about today,” Sherlock explains calmly. “The case. The ambush, maybe.”
With a heavy sigh he swings his legs over the side of the bed, and sits there, elbows on his thighs, and rubs his hands over his face.
And so John goes, and the woman steps back and ushers him into homely, dimly lit foyer, with a soft and somewhat feminine paper on the walls.
John smiles, the crooked little smile that Sherlock loves so much, and then gets to his feet, and heads for the wardrobe.
He hears the scrape of the shower curtain against the rod as John steps in, and he forces himself not to picture it in his mind’s eye.  Every cell of his body is drawing him down the hall to the bath.  To strip naked, to pull back the curtain, step beneath the steaming spray and push John back against the cold tile.  Would John welcome it?  Would the element of surprise work in his favour?
There had been years where he could only dream of it, a secret fantasy he was hardly even willing to admit to himself and now, here they are, and here is Sherlock telling him he loves him like it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
A particularly strong gust of wind sends a wall of sleet clattering against the windowpanes, and he shivers on instinct.
And the bench a few meters away, at the edge of the slightly raised outline of what he imagines must be a garden bed, would have been exactly where William stood as he painted.
Sherlock almost wonders if he’s fallen asleep, but the cadence of his breathing isn’t quite right for it.
He bites through his lip trying to stifle his moans, and prays that Mrs. Hudson is too busy putting up her shopping to have heard.
His hand slips over Sherlock’s knee, and when he squeezes Sherlock feels it all the way to the tips of his toes.
When Sherlock finally makes his way back upstairs, arms burdened with a box of still-warm scones and crocheted afghan Mrs. Hudson had apparently made to distract herself in the months after his death, it is with a mind overflowing the brim with new data.
He says something and gets to his feet just as the maître’d calls Sherlock over to sign for the transaction and return his card.
“And maybe that’s not what you wanted to hear, and maybe you want to just put the rewind on this, go back and forget I ever said it, and if that’s the case, then okay.
It’s a deal Sherlock would have taken himself, if offered, so he can’t think too ill of her for it, but still it smarts.  It smarts that he once again let his brother dictate his actions, and once again it has come back to bite him, and not just him this time, but John too, and that is unforgivable.
John shouts Sherlock’s name, and then keens and keens as he spills over Sherlock’s hand, pulses, and squeezes around his cock, pulling him deeper, drawing the pleasure from Sherlock’s body like a musician drawing a symphony from a violin, and Sherlock is lost.  John’s body draws the pleasure out of him, in long, aching draws, and Sherlock hears someone sobbing and thinks it must be him, because there is nothing but overwhelming pleasure, and then John collapsing on top of him, all tears, and sweat, and come, and Sherlock doesn’t know where John ends and he begins, and it is the most perfect moment of his life.
He can tell he’s trying to control himself, and he wishes he wouldn’t, he wishes he would just fully let go.
Hugs, and kisses and general good-byes are said, and then Sherlock is trying to balance all of Rosie’s things, while also holding tight to her hand as they descend the stairs from Harry’s flat.
Some of what Sherlock had been playing earlier in the day when he was at the cafe, or possibly even many of the times he has been at the cafe.
John’s brows lift, but he doesn’t have to be asked twice.  He goes, lies on his back, throws his hands over his head, chest heaving and eyes bright, and Sherlock can barely make his legs work, but somehow manages to find the lube, and make it to the bed, to crawl on top of him, sit back on his thighs and reach for John’s cock.  He’d dispensed rather more lube than probably necessary in his haste, but John doesn’t seem to mind the slick squelch as he thrusts up into Sherlock’s fist.
“You’re my best friend, and I’ve spent the better half, the best half of my adult life with you, and I love you like a friend, and like a brother, and like the miracle I never expected because I never thought I deserved it, and maybe I don’t.
And then suddenly his nose is nudging at the top of Sherlock’s cleft, and in one bright, glorious moment, Sherlock’s stomach flips and his heart skips a beat as he understands John’s intentions, realises what it is he wants (what it is he’s thought about fantasised about), and it’s the exact same thing Sherlock had hoped, but never dared ask for.
A few minutes later, the water is roaring, plumes of steam curling up to the ceiling, and John has just turned to root through the bath things someone has been kind enough to leave by the sink, when Sherlock strolls in sniffing the air delicately.
When Sherlock comes back he’s got the tie to John’s fleece dressing gown in his hands, and John feels his skin prickle to life.
John snaps his attention away from the muddy-green, linoleum tile of the lab, and up to Sherlock’s face.  It’s neutral.  He’s focussed on whatever is beneath the microscope he’s fiddling with.
John’s hand is pressed against Sherlock’s chest, and he feels a hum of a response vibrate through his hand.
John regales them with the details of his internet sleuthing earlier in the day, and finds a raucous audience in the men around the table, all save Huxtable who has been looking more and more constipated with every passing moment.
And when Sherlock smiles back, he feels the weight of so many dark, and lonely years drop from his shoulders, he feels something inside him open wide and flood with relief and joy in equal measure.  “Yes.  Me too.”
They lie quietly tangled together long enough for the light to change in the room, long enough for John’s body to protest the rough treatment, and for him to grow cold even with Sherlock’s warm body tangled with his.
Sherlock supposes that it’s better than the rage that had been simmering just under the surface, moments before.
It’s overwhelming, and vulnerable, wild and a little chaotic.  It’s everything John can’t afford at the moment.
The Culverton Smith business had been on the television for weeks, along with his and John’s involvement, and everything that had come with it.
We should be home in time for tea, and I imagine that Mrs. Hudson will have something special in store.”
Sherlock’s tone is firm and fond, and it has John reaching for the bottle of wine and refilling his glass.
John wants to kiss him, but he’s afraid if he asks Sherlock to lean down, the angle will become impossible, so instead he just strokes him faster, starts to rock his hips in a rhythm, and hopes he knows, hopes he feels it, feels that John means it:
He can hear the slight amusement in Sherlock’s voice, and so he tries to relax, wipes his mouth messily over the salty skin of Sherlock’s chest, runs his hands up Sherlock’s ribs, all the time resting against his chest like he’s half drunk, and Sherlock’s body is the best bed he’s ever had in the one place that’s every felt wholly and truly like home.
He strides over to the tub, fishes the bottle of his bubble bath out of the bottom, and turns the water on.
Sherlock takes the plate from the tea table and starts to eat the fried eggs, and toast John’s miraculously procured.
He’s wrapped up warm, on John’s orders, and he had been feeling well enough today to spend some time on his hair.
he pulls John tight against his body and starts to thrust in earnest, tries to keep stroking him, and fails.
Everything this past year has seemed a miracle and privilege, but this most of all—getting to touch Sherlock whenever he wants.
There is a pause of several minutes, and then Sherlock reappears, holding a half-empty glass of water, which he sets down somewhere in front of himself as he sits back down and folds his dressing gown over his lap.
He undoes each one, and then reaches out for Sherlock’s hands, holds them briefly in his, before turning them over and loosing the buttons of his cuffs.
* The focus here is on how Sherlock was affected by his friendship with the child being abused (both boys being the same age, and the abuse occurring off-and-on when the boy was 11-13).
He goes, but mostly because he can smell all the scents of home rushing out the door to meet him at once: ginger biscuits and furniture polish, the slight mustiness that all old buildings in this part of London have, Mrs. Hudson’s light, flowery Lily-Of-The-Valley perfume, and John…
He had been punishing him, and the longer it had gone on, the more he had felt as though he was punishing himself as well.
He’s tracing a finger over his chest now, staring down at the buttons of his shirt, like he’s contemplating loosing them.
A line of police and emergency vehicles sail past them on the narrow lane as they make their way back to their own cottage.
For a moment he thinks John is going to decline, but when Sherlock rocks his hips again, and their cocks drag against one another, John leans forward, reaches over Sherlock’s shoulder, and then brings his hand down between them with the bottle of lube.
It seems that it is the more overtly intimate or erotic things that you have difficulty with me initiating.
Sherlock just shrugs, and there is no way that John could have registered the non-verbal response, but he sighs anyway.  “Maybe I should start making you clean them, mm?”
It’s Mrs. Hudson who opens it, face a mask of worry, a grinding cacophony of violin sounds, loud enough for even John to hear, pouring down from the floor above.
Sherlock lets his own slide shut again, blocking out the grey dawn, slowly illuminating the world outside.
Sherlock nods, and watches John closely to see if he will offer up any resistance, but he sees no sign of it.
Sherlock decides that his forty-sixth birthday is the perfect time to take a case he has no business taking, and to wrap it up by falling into the Thames.
John’s hand darts out, as though reaching for Sherlock’s cheek, but then drops to his shoulder, instead, giving it a brief squeeze before he sits up and swings his legs over the side of the bed.
And then, just as quickly as he came, John is gone again, tossing breadcrumbs in a bowl, depositing four chicken breasts in a bag, rolling up his sleeves to pound them flat.
Drops his violin from his jaw, and stands staring at John with a look he can’t interpret writ all over his face.
Sherlock’s stopped now, and is stooping at the side of the path, poking about in the mud and slush with a single finger.
And he hates himself so much he wishes that Sherlock Holmes had never had the great misfortune of meeting John Watson.
He scowls when John opens the door, and John starts a little at the sight of him, pauses, and then walks away.
But it isn’t until John sinks to his knees between Sherlocks’ legs, runs his hands over his thighs and presses a kiss to the inside of his knee that Sherlock realises what his intention is.
John gives him a wink, and delights at the colour it brings to Sherlock’s cheeks, is satisfied with the loud pop, and the way the contents tumble to the floor (
The god damned, bloody tease, but didn’t John ask for it, and isn’t he, on some level, in some weird way even he doesn’t understand, loving it, even now.
But not the clean, bright sent of Pear’s shampoo and Palmolive soap, warm wool and fresh brewed tea, no this is the stale, unwashed smell of the sickroom, the unmistakeable reek of alcohol, old newspapers, and unwashed dishes.
And Sherlock looks like he doesn’t know how to respond to that, like maybe he doesn’t understand it at all, and all of a sudden John is angry, fiercely angry at all the people who have ever made love, and care, and friendship feel like crumbs Sherlock had to struggle, and grapple and beg for—himself included.
But the man merely moans, and then tries to prop himself on one elbow, before promptly vomiting violently onto the pavement.
“If you will provide your banking information to my interim secretary, we will have the funds wired to your account today.”
Sherlock turns around and then stops dead, stares down at John on one knee with the simple platinum band in his palm, and blinks.
A still, heavy, white blank of a space, and Sherlock is peripherally aware of John’s mouth moving against his, slow, hypnotic presses, and pulls, the brief sensation of John’s tongue teasing along the seam of his mouth, not pressing, just ghosting there, sending Sherlock deeper, and deeper.
He can hear Mrs. Hudson hoovering downstairs, and somewhere on the floor, either his or John’s mobile vibrating.
He digs deep, because it’s important, because it matters, and Sherlock has been the brave one today, so unbelievably brave, this is the least he can fucking do.
He’s managed to get himself in quite the fix, and when all is said and done he’s not sure he’s up to the challenge.
“In the beginning it was because I was concerned for you, and then I kept going, and it’s been—helpful.”
Sherlock’s hand returns in short order, cupping the rise of his arse, kneading, until it’s joined by another, and John can feel the added slickness of the fingers that tease down the cleft of his arse.
And John is left blinking in confusion as Sherlock shoots up off the sofa, and returns to the kitchen.
They spread a blanket out on the bed, and all the food on that, and Sherlock laughs, actually laughs, at the tacky, festive way they’ve decorated the cardboard boxes the food’s come in, and the bows tied around the chopsticks, and the two Christmas crackers stuffed in the top of the bag with their order.
John’s arms are slipping around him, holding on tight, and he’s rutting against Sherlock’s body like he can’t get close enough, can’t ever get close enough.
It roughs and jostles him, it wrestles him to the lawn and weighs him down until he is begging for the ground to open up and swallow him whole, to end the never ending cycle of pain that is too much, too enduring.
Sherlock sounds short and petulant, even to his own ears, but he can’t seem to help himself, and he feels small, and stupid, and wholly overwhelmed at how badly it all went, and all he can think about is getting out, away, some place where he can just be quiet, and not have to think about any of it.
“And perhaps punishing myself for not seeing until it was too late, and putting you in that position in the first place.”
He remembers the weight of his body atop his, the warmth, the way he’d slept like a baby, and had no business doing so with insurgents in the hills, and them right in the line of fire.
Sherlock is different from anyone he’s ever met, refreshingly frank, surprisingly truthful, and he wonders for a moment if this is a second chance.
He’s shivering all over, cold no doubt, from having left his coat with Arthur, and being so damp from the cave.
He pulls at Sherlock’s hair, trying to pull his head back, but Sherlock reaches up, gently holds his wrist, let’s him know it’s okay, it’s alright, he wants this.
He wants to ask if he is alright, but words still refuse to come, and so he rolls over slightly, pulls John into his arms, and John lets him, seems to curl into his warmth willingly, but still, he is silent.
He simply holds it there, letting John thrust into it, the slick slide of John’s shaft against his palm, the inside of him gripping Sherlock’s cock, John’s moans and Sherlock’s whimpers mingling as their pleasure builds, together, slow, but sure.
He cards a hand through Sherlock’s hair, and presses his lips to his forehead, feels Sherlock relax against him, his arms sneaking up to slink under and drape over John’s waist, to pull him close.
John reaches down and undoes Sherlock’s flies, waits for his trousers to drop, and for Sherlock to step out of them, and then pushes him down to sit on the edge of the bed, and drops to the floor, presses his face to the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, presses his nose, and mouth against the soft mound of Sherlock’s flaccid cock, through the cotton of his pants, and breathes.
Sherlock just wraps himself more tightly in the blanket draped over his shoulders, and stares into the flames.
Sherlock draws in a shaking breath and does, and John forces a crooked smile in return.  “You don’t have to save the world, you know.  I love that about you.  I love that you want to, that it’s important to you, but…  It doesn’t matter to me that you solve them.  It’s never mattered to me.  What matters to me is that you want to, and I love you.  I love you whether you solve them or not.  I’d love you if you wanted to give the whole damn thing up.  So just—stop doing this to yourself.”
John snorts, and then leans back against the counter and drains the glass in his hand in long, thirsty pulls.
It’s between lunch and rush hour, so though the streets are busy, they’re not as busy as they will be later, and he’s not in the centre of the city anyway, so there’s always less bustle here.
John skids the car to a halt in front of the pub and they both dash to the front door, the Duke and several rather burly members of his staff right behind them.
He feels a nudge against his arm, and glances quickly over at John and then away again, knowing it must be obvious, must be written all over his face, and he doesn’t know what to do with it, he wasn’t prepared, isn’t ready to face the onslaught of emotion that having John home is inexplicably arousing.
Sherlock prises his hands from John’s and reaches up to cup John’s face, to feel the solid, warm presence of him, to stop the trembling, trembling he isn’t sure is coming from John’s body or his own hands.
Every muscle in John’s body is taut, and his cock is hot, and full, and twitching against Sherlock’s tongue, and Sherlock wants him to let go, just to let go for goodness sake!
She tells him about her falling out with her sister, and their subsequent reconciliation, and then she tells him about John.
“Sherlock?  Sherlock…?”  John sighs.  “Listen, this doesn’t have to change anything—unless you want it to.”
And John must see the confusion written all over Sherlock’s face, because he steps back out of the cab again, snaps briefly at the cabbie, who’s trying to hurry him, and jerks his chin toward the interior of the cab.
John rolls his head against the cushion and glances around the small and homely space, mostly one room for cooking, eating, living, and then two bedrooms off the main area and one loo.  “What is this place?”
John growls against Sherlock’s neck, relishes in the way their slick bodies slide against one another, and Sherlock’s hands and knees keep slipping on the wet tile, making his body crash against John’s in unexpected ways, almost knocking the wind from him, making him giddy, and keyed up, and desperate for something, anything.
She stops crying at the sound of his voice, sits up, stares at him quizzically for a moment, and then giggles wetly.
John actually manages to eat his full half of the lasagna, as well as a salad, bread, most of the antipasto, and two glasses of wine.
Sherlock’s lips part, like maybe he’s going to say something, but then he presses them closed again.
“Tuck it in the knot of your school tie, lens downward, and then climb down here, between me and the wall, that way you’ll light our way, and if you slip, I’ll stop you.”
The plink, plink of residual rain dripping from the eaves onto the metal drain pipe outside their room.
Sherlock shifts a little beneath him, and when John’s hand reaches his chest again, when his palm drags over one nipple, Sherlock speaks.
Sherlock thinks that perhaps they should get up, start off for the small villages at the border of the park, but John makes no motion to do so.
After several minutes his breathing slows, and deepens, and Sherlock keeps on, slow, gentle passes of his fingertips.
John bites down on the inside of his cheek, stares down at his lap, and clenches and unclenches his fist.
That’s probably going to seem slightly clinical and weird at first, but over time it becomes habit, and you won’t notice it so much.
It’s not exactly as Sherlock takes it, but it’s warm, and strong, and bracing, and Sherlock is glad for it all the same.
“Well that would take further investigation, and since my doctor has just ordered me to stay in bed, We are both quite out of luck, it seems.”
Sherlock crosses his legs and turns toward him on the bed, reaches out both hands, and John takes them, or rather lets Sherlock take his, small and trembling, and wrap them up warm in the shelter of his own.
Sherlock has to piece together how John’s body might look based on what he’s already seen and observed of him clothed.
Sherlock breathes against his neck, fingers through his hair, lips against the damp, leaking corners of his eyes.
John tries again, and Sherlock presses back harder, palms pressed to John’s hipbones, and John feels his balls pull up in response.
At first John thinks it’s fear, and feels a wave of shame, but in an instant the shadow is gone, only to be replaced by something altogether different.
He sits back in the passenger seat and stares at John as he navigates London’s late morning traffic.
He slides his hands over the length of John’s thighs, and hollows his cheeks, and finds a rhythm, and John lets out a strangled whine that Sherlock thinks might be the end of him, then and there.
“The last few years.  I’ve missed you.  And now you’re back, I—I don’t like being too far away.  It’s—illogical, I know, but I’m afraid you might disappear when I’m not looking.”
If he could just rise to the challenge and be the same way, then maybe, maybe this time wouldn’t have to be like the times before.
After a moment or two she curls on her side, lays her head in his lap and sticks her thumb in her mouth.
Sherlock finally asks when the man’s visible irritation becomes more than he can continue to ignore.
And John wonders how it is that this tiny drop of praise from Sherlock’s lips can make him blush like a callow school boy.
He barely gets a half block when he sees a familiar long-coated figure exit a nearby cafe and head down the pavement just ahead of him, head held aloof, all confidence, the set of his shoulders and length of his stride telegraphing cold indifference.
The day John finds the syringes in the the desk drawer, they’ve both been running on empty, running for weeks, running in circles, away from one another, and he’s hardly got anything left.  He doesn’t have anything left for this.  Not this.  Not now.
Sherlock leans in, hovers for a moment, mouth barely touching John’s, tasting his breath on his tongue, and then he parts his lips and kisses him, the smallest taste, tongue sliding almost imperceptibly along the seam of John’s lips.
There is one tense moment, when Sherlock goes rigid with shock, like maybe he doesn’t know what to do with the fact that this is John initiating, John wanting, John finally extending the sort of easy affection that seems to (surprisingly) almost come naturally to Sherlock.
Once the flames catch, John stands there for a moment, rubbing his hands over the fire, warming the front of his body, and when he finally crawls back beneath the blankets, he’s like a human bedwarmer.
Sherlock’s warm, the hair at his groin slightly damp from having just washed, and his nipples are peaked and hard against John’s chest.
He keeps fidgeting in his sleep. John is lying on his good shoulder, but still, his one leg hurts him, and on his back is probably better.
John struggles, just because he wants to see what will happen, what Sherlock will do, and he doesn’t disappoint.
He wonders if he slept, how much time has passed, if Mrs. Hudson has gone out to play Bridge as she usually does Tuesday nights, or if she might still be home, might have just a little more of her excellent hot cocoa.
John is quiet, so quiet that Sherlock finally glances over at him. There are unshed tears in his eyes, and Sherlock aches to tell him it doesn’t matter, he doesn’t care, John can be the one in control every time they come together if that is what he wants, if that’s what makes him feel safe, but then—it seems to bother John, and so…
John’s head turns toward the lounge where Rosie is so quiet Sherlock wonders if she’s even still there.
He’d managed to figure out how to turn off YouTube alerts while he was at the library, at least, so this has to be a text.
It’s all the sweet anticipation of youth, the way he’d dreamed of this long before it had ever been a reality, all the heady hopes and fantasies of those early years, before he’d lived the reality, before love had disappointed and broken him.
Fresh tears leak from the corners of John’s eyes, and when he looks down at Sherlock again, his eyes are full too, his lips wet and stretched around the girth of John’s erection, his cheeks scarlet, and suddenly John wants him closer, knows without a shadow of a doubt that he wants to be in his arms, looking at him--honest, and open, and real when he comes.
He was fed, and encouraged to bathe, and change clothes, and he had had the pleasure of one or the other of their company for two days before he got up and announced he was moving out.
“You were a ray of light in the darkness, a spark when all excitement had seemingly gone out of the world.”
There is his father smiling softly, still somewhat befuddled that it’s a man Sherlock is finally marrying, but never one to begrudge his child happiness, he is glad, all the same.
John walks close, his hand occasionally brushing against Sherlock’s, making Sherlock’s fingers twitch and itch to reach out and take John’s hand in his.
And then, suddenly, he hears a familiar shout, the slap of shoes on pavement, and then the sound of fists on flesh, of a large body being easily felled, and a shout of agony.
But each individual has to decide for themselves if they will let that shadow and inform their life choices.”
He had been thinking of nothing but getting to Arthur, blind, once again, to John’s concern, anxiety, to the very raw trauma that he himself had caused all those years ago.
They’re old, possibly pre-war, but they’re warn in that way that suggests a kind of homely comfort, and Sherlock can tell John is pleased.
John huffs out a laugh at his own words from earlier being fed back to him, and hugs the pillow to his chest, trying desperately to not imagine Sherlock doing this with someone else—anyone else.
One of those types who was born into wealth and then ended up hard up on his luck, and was never quite able to accept that.
They don’t talk much, as John’s hearing makes that difficult in a crowded restaurant, but it’s one of the best dates John can recall ever having been on, and when they are walking home, walking close through the still crowded streets an hour and a half later, John reaches out and takes Sherlock’s hand in his, looks up at him, sees his surprise, and smiles.
He wipes the frankly alarming amount of tears and mucous from his neck (and less successfully from the the collar of his shirt and new dressing gown), and then wipes it from her face as well.
The same heavy, wood panelling on all the walls, wool, winter-weight curtains, and a huge fireplace which already has a fire crackling invitingly in the hearth.
“A doctor is coming,” he repeats stupidly, placing a hand on John’s back, perhaps as more a comfort to himself than anything.
John sits up, gets up, comes around his side of the bed, and sinks to his knees, takes in every visible inch of Sherlock in slow, thorough examination.
When the food is finally in the oven to bake, John turns around, leans against the counter and looks at him.
They sit in companionable silence, listening to the crackling of the flames in the hearth, and the soft whisper of evening traffic outside.
The sound of the evening traffic outside is slightly muffled by the pouring rain, and Sherlock’s chest surges with a sudden wave of fondness, of rightness so strong it’s almost unbearable.
Not sure if that’s right, but sometimes it’s hard to sleep, or make my mind stop, and Sensory Science—well, his videos have been really helping.
When he finally pulls back to stare down at him again, John is breathless, and can feel the warmth infusing his cheeks.
“Maybe?”  John sounds more than a little incredulous, but there is an edge of a smile in his voice, as well.  He’s not angry. He’s—amused?
Sherlock feels it build, molten hot in his centre, feels his balls draw up, and when he comes he comes so hard it surprises him.
“And while we’re on the subject, if I were ever to pursue romantic or sexual interests outside this arrangement, which I cannot fathom, I can assure you that my partner of choice would not be a woman.  So, if you could stop making wild and wholly unfounded assumptions, that would be—good.”
John reaches out and takes his hand, guides him into the next room, stops in front of the hearth, where a fire still burns, low but warm.
He’s tempted to reach down and take himself in hand, try to somehow bring himself past the brink, but on the other hand…
But Lestrade must know more than he lets on, because as Sherlock turns to go hail a cab in the wee hours, he slaps him on the back, and smiles, and says, “It was time.
The Duke, his Italian wife, and the boy—thin with his father’s wide, pale eyes, and his mother’s dark, wavy hair.
John presses his cock between Sherlock’s cheeks, it’s uncomfortably dry, and he needs to get a condom on and lube, but…
“Is this going to be another year of you trying desperately to work up some holiday spirit, and then getting angry at yourself, when you can’t?
It makes John angry sometimes, how beautiful he looks, mouth lax, a perfect bow, curls flopping over his forehead, neck stretched out long, and bare.
It’s a simple platinum band, with an embarrassingly small, square-cut diamond embedded flush, in the centre.
John can hear it in his voice, in the slow, lazy way he makes his way around his flat, makes himself a cup of tea, sits down somewhere in his lounge.
He feels wrung out, frayed around the edges, and his mind is a buzzing, muddled mess precisely when he needs it to be its most exacting and precise.
I’ve promised him you’ll make good, and if the honour of your only brother’s word, or a powerful man’s reputation doesn’t motivate you, then at least think of the child.”
If not for the fact that he’s just finished a case, and has little need for his brain, he would be berating himself for such adolescent internal negotiations.
“If this man, Hayes, is the one who murdered Heidegger, then it is a fair assumption that he was hired by James to abduct Arthur, and it is also a fair assumption that he knows where Arthur is.
This morning was the slipperiest slope they’ve encountered since that day, but here they are talking about it, dealing with it, stripping naked, and letting the warm, fragrant water of the bath help to wash away the last of the fear, and the anger, and desperation.  They’re handling it.  They’re keeping their promises.
Sherlock’s teeth scrape slowly across the line of his jaw, and when he reaches John’s other ear, he sucks the lobe into his mouth, and hums deep against his skin.
Sherlock is doing his best at appearing scandalised at the suggestion, but the fact still remains that he’s skittish, and tense, and is walking a great deal closer to John than he normally would.
Sherlock glances over his shoulder to see a rail-thin, middle aged mouse of a woman, poking her head out of the window over the pub door.
They’ve hog-tied him, and from the screaming pain in his muscles, it seems like possibly just tossed him where he lies, and left him there for hours.
His phone is still buzzing, non-stop, and he wonders how on earth so many people have found his video so quickly.
Perhaps he is unable to sleep and he is up reading one of the cheap spy thrillers he so favours, or watching some crap thing on the telly.
“Hello,” he whispers back, slides his hands up John’s thighs, around his hips, pulls him in a little closer.
“This,” John says, slipping his hand from Sherlock’s hair, to smooth down the side of his head, thumb moving in a crescent against his cheek.
And it’s so human, Sherlock’s desire, so beautifully vulnerable and human that it lights something up inside John, a fire that he thinks must have been lying dormant for years, just waiting for a breath of oxygen to bring it roaring to life, because it’s burning white hot now, and John wants to say ‘fuck it’ to slow, and he would if not for the fact that Sherlock had said…
It comes out raw, and bitter, but Sherlock feels every bit of it, and can’t be bothered to try and soothe his brother’s ego.
For a moment he thinks John is going to hit him, and then he thinks he might cry, and finally he feels a deep, aching regret when John’s shoulders drop and he steps away, turns away, drops to his knees and starts gathering up the pieces of the half-assembled toy from the carpet.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, just continues to follow in John’s wake, the blades of his skates clacking together, as he holds them by their laces, and lets them hang by his side.
After I got shot, couldn’t do that anymore, and the thought of being a GP, treating strep, and piles, and head lice all day, wasn’t all that appealing after three years as a trauma surgeon in the desert.
He presses his face deeper into the pillow, sees John across from him at Angelo’s the night before, hair combed softly against his forehead, eyes almost black in the candlelight, the line of his throat trailing down to a brief glimpse of chest, just below his clavicle.
John’s lips break away from his, eyes heavy-lidded he nudges at Sherlock’s jaw with his nose, and then dips in to kiss his neck.
Sherlock turns, holds his gaze while he dons his scarf, and then steps forward and leans down to plant a brief kiss to the top of his head.
And Sherlock is amused and more than a little awed at how easy it all was, and that the potential of takeaway seems to have easily trumped any other announcement of the evening.
“I guess I didn’t really think this through, and I’m not sure what else to say except, SensoryScience, if you see this, somehow, I hope you are recovering well, and if there’s anything I can do while you are, just let me know.
It doesn’t take long for a cab to stop, and John somehow gets himself, his bag, and his cane into the back seat and settled.
A man who heals for a living, and who would be horrified to know the things that Sherlock had done in those early days when he’d felt lost and adrift.
When John appears at the door to the lounge he looks exhausted, dark rings under his eyes, and a grey pallor to his skin.
He huffs against Sherlock’s neck at the sound of the moans drifting through the walls, and the loud natter of Mrs. Hudson’s telly, turned up much louder than usual, a floor below.
He takes a step closer, can feel the warmth of John’s freshly washed body radiating out, drawing him closer still.
After awhile the taps in the sink turn on and then off again, John appears in the bedroom doorway and stares down at him.
He’s gone and done this to himself, and he’s terrified, but god help him, he doesn’t regret a thing.
And black wool trousers fit to perfection, pulled taught over lean, sinewy thighs, the purple shirt from the fur pillow video, the gaping, straining buttons.
If he’s quiet it gives the illusion of anger, or even pettiness, rather than the truth—the reality that if he were to open his mouth in an attempt to reply, all that would come out would be a choked sob, followed by more which he knows would swiftly escalate out of his control.
John comes for the playing almost more than the food these days, but now here he is being interrupted by
And maybe he’s getting way ahead of himself, because really they’ve only done a bit of kissing, but somehow he feels that Sherlock would never judge him, not here, not when they’re like this, and it’s wonderful.
He does sit down and dig in, because the food does smell good, and the case has now hit a bit of a snag, and he needs time to think—really think—and that will have to wait until he’s caught at least a few hours.
“I’m a doctor.  It’s what I’m supposed to do, and she’s my own sister, for Christ’s sake, I should…  I should be able to…”
He blinks up at Sherlock staring down at him like some wrecked angel, curls limp and damp with sweat, bare chest flushed pink, nipples peaked and…
John Watson continues to prove the exception to every rule, and despite all his better instincts, Sherlock is completely fascinated.
Occasionally he will bring a fork full of food to his lips, but for the most part he’s only picking at it.
There has been a kind of safety to it that he’s been taking for granted, and now all of that has been stripped away, in an instant.
the things he’d been through, all the things that are constantly rising to the surface, and pushing between the cracks, no matter how well he’s doing, no matter how hard he’s trying.
He sits up, throws off the blankets, climbs out of bed and starts digging around in his suitcase for something other than the pyjamas and jumper he’s wearing.
Ella scribbles some more on her notepad, while John glares daggers at her over the rim of his travel mug.
She said she wanted me to build a life for myself, first, and it was meant to ease my way into my retirement.”
There is a kind of comfort in that, in knowing that he is not alone in his regard, that when it comes down to it, in a moment of danger, when running off nothing but pure adrenaline, John’s instinct is to kill rather than let Sherlock come to harm.
A small pink suitcase sitting open on what looks like the same black leather chair from The Hobbit video.
Mrs. Hudson had attempted to plan a surprise party, despite the fact that John warned her it would be a bad idea, not to Sherlock’s liking, that he’d figure it out within a day.
He was my firstborn son, and as such, I had a duty, an obligation to give him the sort of life that position promised.
“Understanding the seriousness of what was happening, Herr Heidegger raced out of the room in pursuit, and knocked the sherry glass off of his desk in his haste.”
follows in his wake, without argument, without resistance of any kind, and when they finally burst out of the dark stairwell, through the tiny door and into the warm, homely glow of the kitchens, John spins around and grabs Sherlock by both arms, searching his eyes frantically.
Sherlock breathes deep, inhales the scent of sweat and sex on John’s palm, and then presses his lips there, licks a hot, wet swath over John’s skin, tasting the flavour of the two of them mingling there, and rocks his hips again.
John takes the bottle from him, and dispenses a little, reaches around and takes Sherlock’s cock in hand.
John feels his cheeks flare, but after a moment of dashing madly, careening through crowds of irritated and astonished people, the wind and snow biting against his cheeks.
And John doesn’t even know what he’s doing, what he’s suggesting, all he knows is his heart is hammering in his chest, and his mouth is dry, and there is a warmth starting to slowly spread through every inch of his body.
Sherlock reaches down, and wraps one hand around his own cock, giving it a long, languorous pull, as he reaches up with his other slick hand, and smoothes it over his chest, smearing across peaked nipples.
He manages to sweep some of the snow up and dump it in the sink in the kitchen, but has to soak up the melt with a flannel.
Sherlock blinks down at the cup of steaming tea that’s just been pushed under his nose, and then looks up to find Sally Donovan staring down at him, eyebrow arched as though in challenge.
Stopping to take notes seems a step too far, but pausing now and again to make mental notes, seems acceptable.
When John’s hand lifts, and his fingers weave into Sherlock’s hair, he pushes his face into the crook of John’s neck, and breathes in the scent of him, until his heart calms, and the image of John lying in a pool of his own blood fades from his mind.
If he managed to go in feet first there would be the slap and sting of the water, and then the slowing of his heart, the shock of it, easing his passage, making the drowning so much easier to bear until the frantic struggle at the very end.
John’s lips part, the tip of his tongue, appearing for only a moment along the edge of his lower lip, before he sucks in a breath and
John slips his fingers out, and brings them up to his mouth.  Makes a bit of a show of slicking them up, and then plunges back down again, in again, and slides deeper.  Sherlock’s legs suddenly turn to jelly.  The burn, the stretch, the sensation of John pushing deeper, slowly, slowly, so achingly slow.  John’s breath is ragged, and Sherlock can feel him pressed hard and twitching against Sherlock’s thigh.
It’s taken every ounce of John’s courage just to get where they are, just to do what they’ve been doing, and now this.
But Sherlock is pulling him closer, and his hands, his fucking beautiful hands are cradling John’s head like he’s something precious, and fragile, something that needs (
He stops then, fingers gripping white-knuckled around Sherlock’s belt, pulls away from the kiss and buries his face in Sherlock’s neck.
He’ll come again in just a few minutes, and John hopes that maybe they can come together, but for now he’s willing to string Sherlock’s pleasure out as long as he can bear it.
Because the longer he does, the emptier he feels, and the emptier he feels the more he wants something, anything to fill the gap.
They right the hives, and then carry them to the shed where they’d parked the car, and pile them to the side.
John clicks send, presses the button for his floor in the lift, and then realises what it is he’s just said.
In his current state John could chase himself to completion in seconds, but he holds back, and Sherlock doesn’t have enough mental space to consider it.
It seems to help, and after what seems like an eternity, the head of John’s cock finally pushes inside.
Despite his resolve to remain impassive to the change he can feel something shifting between them, and it is affecting him more than he would like.
Sherlock’s shirt parts slightly, the cold air of the bathroom stealing beneath and between, peaking his nipples and drawing gooseflesh over his skin.
He’s glad too, for John’s wandering foot, which continues to seek out Sherlock’s beneath the table, whenever the coast is clear, a pleasant, steady anchor that seems to ground Sherlock rather than distract him.
He hardly has any memories of his mum, but he does remember her reading to him, now and again, before he went to sleep.
He sucks in a shaking breath, blinks once, and then sits up so suddenly, John thinks he’s been bitten by something.
John’s reply is low and almost reverent, and Sherlock wonders, hopes, chastises himself for his stupidity, tries not to worry, and is so distracted by the fact that John is staring at him, that he almost misses what Ms. Sterndale says next.
Getting his hopes up, leading him on, making him believe in something just to make money, and not even caring in the least about the effect it might have on his mental health.”
Mr. Posh is tapping his perfectly buffed nails against a bamboo cutting board, and wearing a dark blue shirt this time.
He kisses her soundly on the forehead, and then bounds up the stairs, only stopping once he gets to the landing to lean down.
There are paintbrushes inside, a scrap book of pressed flowers, and on the last page of that, a newspaper clipping of an obituary.
John hisses at the sharp stab of pain in his thigh, as he follows in Sherlock’s wake down the small footpath through the woods.
They’ve seen things they never wanted to see, and they’ve survived things no one should have to survive, and they’ve lost—oh how they’ve lost—so very, very much.
It’s the worst sort of crying, the kind that wracks your bones and wrings you dry, and Sherlock thinks that maybe John isn’t just crying for what he’d just been through, but
John frowns at the boxes just behind the boxes Sherlock had been pointing at, all of which are labeled ‘CHRISTMAS’ in neat, block letters.
He’s known it, but it was easy to ignore with John safe in London, under his brother’s weather eye, and Sherlock half a world away with a purpose and a goal.
John hisses, and when he closes his fingers around it and gives a tentative pull, John grunts like he’s been punched in the gut.
And I stood there, and I stared at this pathetic, unkempt grave, and I just—I don’t know, I just felt so fucking angry.
It is clearly too big for John, so either something he just likes to wear to bed, or something left by a previous client (or lover?).
I understand if this now makes this story a hard ‘no’ for you.  I really do.  Please don’t feel badly if you want to stop reading.  First and foremost I want you all to be safe.
He can’t seem to get Mycroft’s voice out of his head, the idea that Sherlock won’t say no, won’t protect himself.
“They're knickerbockers, John, and I got them at the National Theatre Costume Hire Store on Brixton Road.”
Sherlock is overcome at the gesture, and horribly irritated that he didn’t catch the significance himself.
Lunch at Speedy’s perhaps, or maybe a case at the Met, or maybe he would just invite him over to the flat, or they would agree to meet in Regent’s Park.
They had been tracking the threads of Moriarty’s criminal web for years, without knowing who was at it’s centre.
He’s vaguely aware of Sherlock taking up where he left off, taking himself in hand, and starting to wank furiously as John drives himself closer, and closer to the edge.
John is hard, and twitching in his trousers, erection so hard it must be bordering on painful, but he isn’t chasing more sensation, even though Sherlock’s thigh is right there, firm, muscled, unyielding.
It’s something John never thought himself capable of—either of them really, but here they are, and they’re doing it.  They’re loving one another, and it’s a gift.
You’ve made something indescribably beautiful from the pile of detritus that long stretch of years before you arrived had left behind.
Finally, he hums and cranes his neck to glance over his shoulder, instantly regretting it with a hiss.
He can hear him sigh, like maybe this is as good for him as it is for the viewer, and it’s strange, and delicious, this, chatting with Sherlock on his phone, while he watches his hands, and hears him breathe, and sigh, and lick his lips on screen.
That’s longer than most marriages John knows of, including his own short lived and disastrous one, a few years prior.
Sherlock spins around, looking for a place to put it, but John has already set his own mug back down on the small table beside the futon, and is returning to his side, hand outstretched.
The hum at the end of the sentence is tight.  John is going to break. Sherlock can feel it in the air.  The crackle of electricity before a summer storm. “Mm. Perhaps you should.”
He paces his flat, momentarily considers getting a cab and going over there, but that would probably just make things worse.
When they go back to the car for their sack lunches, John realises he’s forgotten them on the bed back in their room.
You deserve to know it was a choice, not a mistake, not a regret, not a last resort, and that night, if we’d…
