“That could work. Thursday, when you’re setting up, if Dean goes with you, Gabriel and I can bring lunch out, and ask Sam to meet us there around noon? Garth, if he’s available. Dean can introduce Sam to his support system, and Sam can talk to a few other people who work with the center, if the job with us is what he really wants... We’ll have plenty of fresh air. And we won’t overlap with the actual training. Unless you would rather wait until after the training weekend?” He asks Dean, stroking his forehead now.
“Yeah, probably. I don’t know… I don’t know how long he looked after that, I really don’t. I like to think, you know… that he kept at it, not just because Bobby would never let him in the door without you. But I don’t know. He disappeared after a few years… after I went to college, I never saw him again, neither of us did. I don’t know what he ever really found, if he got in trouble with someone else, or if it was just… dad. Getting into his usual trouble.”
“Nah, it’s stopped. But if you keep talking, you’ll start it up again.” He takes Cas’ hand and brings it to his lips. “I’ll get you later, sweetheart, don’t you worry about that. Better not get erased from existence before we get to…”
Dean changes into his pajama pants-- ones he’d chosen, ones he’d bought for himself at the store, he’s still not quite over that. When he’d first moved into Jody’s, she’d had some clothes for him, and they hadn’t been so different from the things he used to wear when he was free. Jeans and henleys and flannel, and a sturdy jacket that stood up to the weather pretty well, some basic sweats and undershirts that he’d slept in, and those things were all comfortable and he liked them, but it was an embarrassingly long time before he realized he could pick things out for himself. Even with money to his name.
“For your operation-- heard you were keeping some folks fed, so Benny and I put together a little care package. We all figured you probably pass on some vegetables now and then but you might need some meat.”
Not that Cas is sure what the point was, but it wasn’t about the number of people staying at Jody’s.
“It’s open!” He calls, and holds the water glass steady at Cas’ lips but lets him guide the tilting.
“When you…” Dean sighs, Dean leaves off his attention to Tybalt in order to bury both hands in Cas’ hair, holding him in place. “You?”
“Not like that, huh?” Sam folds his arms, but there’s no edge to the question, only a little amusement.
a mate. But that’s who Cas is, he can feel it, and it’s not something to be afraid or ashamed of, he’s not uncertain about making it happen… it’s just figuring out the timing. He’s pretty sure they should talk about it when he’s not half-dressed and already wet, something they should discuss all clear-headed. But he knows that even without a claim carved into his skin, he’s Cas’ mate, and Cas is his.
want to seen as anything but an omega. The journey towards personal healing is one thing-- being perceived by strangers out in public is something else.
It would sound… Dean might misconstrue, it could make him uncomfortable. Cas thinks it’s safe to call them friends, and Dean is more a freelance worker that he has an arrangement with than he is employee, perhaps, but… whatever murky grey area their relationship exists in, between friendship and work.
. One who forms the highlight of Cas’ week, whose approval he seeks, whose smile makes him smile, whose laugh makes him laugh.
, he just leaps to his feet and takes the stairs at a run, practically flies to the door before his brain can kick in, and even when it does…
“Hey, I’m married, not buried. No, I kid, I kid-- definitely not coming onto an employee. Just wondering if you’re a farmers’ market kind of guy.”
The other man nods in agreement, and it’s not as if Cas didn’t know, that this would once have been an undreamt of luxury, but he still aches, not at the reminder, but because of how casually they can discuss it. How naturally.
“You can break the universal alpha instincts down into what I like to call the three Ps. Protecting, Providing, Partnering. Sometimes there’s a couple more Ps, but we’ll get to that later. Like I said, these won’t look exactly the same from alpha to alpha-- there are a lot of ways to protect and provide for the people you care for, but I think it’s safe to say you have those instincts.”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas says, apparently sensing the moment the threshold between sleep and wakefulness is crossed.
“I guess not. He won’t bother you out in the garden, but there won’t be any fur in the air to worry about, when you come through the house.”
He doesn’t make a big production out of it, crying. A couple big sobs, and then it’s just intermittent sniffling, tears that hit the pillow or soak into the collar of his shirt, the shaking of his shoulders. He gets it all out, the tears run dry, his throat feels thick and his head feels stuffy but he’s a little bit lighter.
“Yeah. Yeah, maybe. Look-- Earlier, when I… um. I dunno, just, maybe you should know. It’s not-- It’s complicated. My life wasn’t so good before, you know? I mean Alastair was
“She’s good at that.” Castiel nods. “Tybalt is a donskoy, that’s why he’s hairless. And… you knew where my cat got his name just now, that’s… not the same as needing to know something for a job, exactly, but it doesn’t hurt.”
“I would never take advantage of Dean, no matter where he might be in regards to a heat cycle.” Cas squares his shoulders, stands up straighter than his spine is used to-- though it feels good to let his spine lengthen out a little, for once. “But… I’ve offered him his choice of any room he want to sleep in here.”
“You’ll work it out.” He says, when Dean doesn’t unfreeze to answer. “Sometimes it takes time to know. But… you’ll work hard for it when you find it.”
“Nothing in particular, I think I just get overloaded from the whole… array. C’mon, I’ll walk you back to your place while these two get cookin’.”
“No, you’re not. But the sensory input will help ground you. Dean… if anyone should apologize, it’s me-- I didn’t… I didn’t take the potential for small accidents into account as I should have, I thought that a relative lack of alphas would be enough, to limit any distress, I should have thought about the effect it would have on you if another omega was hurt or frightened in even a trivial way.”
He wants to turn to him, or reach out to him, but he’s pretty sure that the whole reason Dean chose the truck to spill his guts in is that Cas has one hand on the wheel, one holding his burrito, and both eyes on the road.
“Okay, well, you’re… an asshole, for believing in us like that.” Dean says, but his arms had unfolded through that speech and his hands are on Cas’ cheeks. “And you gotta stop with the speechifying. Only so much of that a man can take.”
It’s nice, being tempted-- not fully aroused, and anyway he thinks he’s too tired out for that, but… tempted at all, like this, getting to appreciate the view, wanting just to touch a little, to know whether Cas has sensitive spots he’d like Dean touching, to know… to know how it would feel to kiss his way across that chest, to run his hands over bare skin, to touch the way he wants to, just… above the waist stuff.
of the center, Mister Winchester,  not a ward. Even if that were not the case, suppose I had been mistaken, suppose I had pushed you in front of the wrong Dean because I was working from incomplete information and a genuine but underinformed desire to do good?”
“I can’t have done that, I don’t have healing powers. I don’t have any powers. Cas doesn’t have powers.” He frowns. Cas doesn’t have powers… except that he can still see Dean’s soul and stuff, and not anyone else’s. Which doesn’t exactly help Dean make any sense of the situation, but it’s less freaky if it’s something the both of them have and not just something he can do now.
On Friday, Cas had been a little surprised to be able to get out of bed-- grateful, given the state of things on the other side of the farm, he was hardly going to ask his pregnant brother and equally pregnant sister-in-law to pick him up, but surprised. He’d thought he would be paying for the obstacle course run the next day.
“I was not… terribly surprised by it. You were a pleasure to grab. And anyway… we’ve been saving each other.”
“So you grew up without movies, too? Oh man…” Dean shakes his head. “But you’ve seen Star Wars since then, right?”
Jack’s helped him re-settle onto his own side of the bed, rather than the center of it. He’s left room for Dean to lie down with him. He’s also gotten him under the blankets, though Cas is still holding onto Dean’s shirt.
The anticipation is just buzzing under every inch of his skin as he waits for his appointment, Cas’ hand heavy on the back of his neck, warm and reassuring.
“When you were, uh… gone. Gone-gone.” He coughs. “Dean got a fake call. Lucifer, using your voice to get let in.”
“Not since he struck the deal. Doesn’t mean he’s never been-- Just… since then. Couldn’t let himself be, not really. Couldn’t… he couldn’t ask for anything to get too good. And every time he felt himself get too close, he’d have to remind himself of… of the bad shit, of something he’d lost or something he didn’t think he could have. God, can you imagine? Can you imagine getting to be a, a dad, and… loving your kid so much you’ll give your life for his, and… and you can’t even let him make you happy? Every time-- every time you teach him something new or give him something that makes his face light up, you gotta pinch yourself, remind yourself of the worst pain you ever felt or the worst thing that might happen, because otherwise some goo bitch ganks you and you don’t get to be there for that kid?”
“Yes. I think finding a garage that you feel comfortable working in might be an obstacle, but I believe that any vocational training you would need, you could get. I believe you could do the work. But if that’s not what you want to do with yourself, there are other things out there.”
With Rowena, they’d both been in the position of keeping their scents neutralized while working with omegas when they met-- even before joining their work at the center, Rowena’s private clients were often omegas, too. They got to know each other as the two alphas in Gabriel’s life without scent coming into it. Sam doesn’t bother with masking his scent around the farm, even now that he’s building up the habit of blocking it for work.
“It causes fewer fights than Monopoly.” Cas smiles, and wonders if he could invite Dean to join them, if it would be strange or if inviting people to things is normal and his family would like him to. Or… if Dean is the person they would want him to invite, if inviting people to these things is only normal when it’s the person you’re dating.
“Sure thing.” He says, and lets himself be drawn in. Locks the door behind them and strips down to tee shirt and boxers, watches the ceiling as Cas changes back into the old sweats and the Icarus tee.
And what do they do when he does? He’s still working on convincing himself there’s even a point, and the best he can come up with now is that he’d be throwing Cas’ life away twice if he didn’t try something. But what? He doesn’t have a whole lot of fight left in him… he doesn’t know how he’s still living.
“I think I can understand that.” Cas says, so steady, so free of judgment. He likes that. Cas doesn’t rush to coddle him every time he opens up about shit that’s bad. Maybe because he and Jody have both been trained to deal with trauma and the people who’ve had too much of it. But also because that’s just Cas-- he cares, and he’s gentle. He loves Dean so much he aches just to think about it sometimes, and he’s always ready to protect him when he can, when Dean needs it, but he trusts him, too. And he knows what it’s like, he’s seen shit, he’s grown up being controlled just as much as Dean ever was, even if the details are different. He knows being messed up over something sometimes doesn’t mean you’re falling apart, and he knows sometimes… sometimes you just gotta be able to talk about your messed up shit like it’s normal. Because it was his normal, and he can’t have a big chick-flick sobfest every time he wants to open up about one little thing.
“Mm. Well… I used a salve Rowena gave me. They’d already faded some by then. It nearly erased the lesser ones-- you can only see them in the right light. The stab wound… is what it is, but it used to pull and itch sometimes, and using the salve, now I hardly notice it the way I used to..”
allowed to come down to the center even if you’re not actively planning a raid, you know.” Jody rolls her eyes at him, and he shrugs. “Just something to think about. So. How’d this guy work out for you?”
“When I started… It’s different.” He sighs, moving onto the raised bed with his carrots-- not raised enough, and he digs his knuckles into his lower back. “I’m not… I can’t do everything I used to do, there’s no point in me coming around when I’d be the opposite of a help to you.”
“We’ll have to, won’t we? We’ve promised something.” His lips grace Dean’s forehead, feather-light. The center, mirroring the kiss Dean left him with when he was resting up before, and then just over one eyebrow, then at the hairline… tiny kisses that spread out patternless from that center point like he means to cover every inch. “And until then… Close your eyes…”
He brings the Lincoln over to their new garage, after they get back, relying on his cane for the tour of the property. There’s already a chicken coop, and a small barn, in addition to the little detached unit, there’s plenty of room to expand… to make Angel Farms into a real farm at last. A small one, but a real one. More fruit trees, chickens… maybe a few more raised bed planters so that he can up the number of things they grow while still being able to rest the soil in each. Perhaps some other small livestock, sheep or goats… it would be work, but they’d be handling it together, and the little detached unit looks like a perfect place for Rowena to work out of.
omega’s suffering and end them as well. It had been a frightening thing to feel, he’d been almost outside of himself, logging all these impulses, these emotions, like it was a stranger. The possessiveness was the part that terrified him most, more even than learning that he was capable of killing someone-- that part had been defense, he could have dealt with it, moved on, eventually returned to the field… but he’d been thinking of the omega he’d acted in defense of as if the man
He’d say something stupid, like ‘thanks’, or ‘I’m sorry’, something stupid like ‘I love you’, and it wouldn’t sound sweet and profound, it wouldn’t sound like Cas’ ‘I love you’, but wouldn’t Cas know, that he meant it? He’d hold him. He’d hold him, and yeah, he thinks if he kissed him maybe it would be just about right, it would be the thing he’s never let himself look for because Dean’s got one thing in common with Cas, he never imagined himself being
Cas eases his wings back slowly, so that they don’t disappear from around Dean all at once-- they’d learned the hard way not to do that. He nudges gently at him a few times with them in the process, one pollex finding Dean’s cheek.
. It’s not about how painful it is or how long the pain lasts, it’s about giving Castiel control, it’s about the fact that sometimes he needs something to ground him, and it can be a light sting, a sound that rings out in the room, heat rising to the surface of his skin… sensations to keep him in the moment, but a pace that’s outside his control-- a pace Castiel sets, because he knows what Dean really needs.
“I know I was… you know, I was kind of… chicken-shit, about the whole… So I gotta thank you for getting the band back together, you know? Because the thing I want, the thing I’ve always wanted… you gave me that, Cas.” Dean’s voice wavers as well. “And now… I mean nothing’s, you know, we haven’t gotten anything, uh, finalized. I don’t know, you know, for me… it’ll probably take a lot of paperwork and references and shit, and it’s not like we’ll be working together-together, but still… part of the same team, that’s more than good enough for me.”
“That’s good.” His hand slides back down, the heel of his hand rubs a firm little circle, just above the waistband. “That’s what I asked you to do. You never do enough for yourself… just for yourself. What do you like about them?”
“It’s friggin’ weird having your doctor give you, like… medically recommended sex toys.” Dean snorts. “Got a list of reminders for eating and stayin’ hydrated and like… when to take lukewarm baths and crap, but... at least whatever happens with it, I’ll be alone and I can just… take care of me.”
He sees him out before going back to the bed, crawling under the covers and resting one hand over Cas’ heart.
“I’m in touch with Dean’s brother-- or, he got in touch with me. About working with the center. I thought I should talk to Dean before I said anything, but… this isn’t one of those cases where Dean needs protecting from a relative, it’s just… How to handle it should be his choice, ultimately. And… and Dean will decide what he needs to, but first, he’d like you to meet Sam, too.”
He can count the times someone drew him a bath past the age of four on his fingers, and it feels weird at first, watching Cas pull the little cushioned stool up to the tub so that he doesn’t have to bend over and strain his back in order to fuss with the taps, or to measure out epsom salts, or test the water as it fills. But it’s a really good weird, like maybe this is what having an alpha’s supposed to be, maybe when you work hard and your muscles start to ache, you should expect the person who takes care of you to run you a bath. He pays attention, to the number of scoops of epsom salts Cas uses, so that he can do it right the next time Cas hurts, the next time a bath might help him.
By the following Saturday, Sam is moved in, and growing comfortable enough with his temporary lodgings-- still settling in, and not in a rush to find a dog, with the idea that he’ll still be looking for a pet friendly apartment, but he has taken to the chickens, and he and Rowena have been talking about sheep…
, but uh… he ain’t the whole reason a broken beer bottle had me hitting the deck. I’ve been unpacking some shit lately. I’m not always gonna be-- it’s not gonna be close to the surface all the time, it’s just… Ten years of my life, I had a bad friggin’ hand getting my ass handed to me for the slightest thing, or for no thing at all except I was… I was the one it was okay to beat on. And during that time, I didn’t have to
“There. That’ll keep you warm.” He touches his hair. “Warm enough. Now I’m gonna sit right here while you sleep, and I ain’t moving an inch ‘til you’re doing better.”
He only takes his hand from Dean’s to be able to help him sip a little water, and to feed him Good and Plenty, from a box he’d had in one of the big pockets of his trench coat. Dean kisses at his fingertips, before holding up his hand to silently demand it be held again.
“Don’t sell yourself too short there, stalwart protector. You know, Jody’s told me some stories about some of your exploits. Pretty sure I’ll be safe with you.” He winks. “And, you know. If it’s not such a good day, I’m not so bad myself.”
“I don’t need him to. I just need someone who can follow basic directions, is in possession of a work ethic, and isn’t allergic to bees.”
“We’ll look together if you like… if there are others you know you would like, or if you just want to show me where you found these.” Another kiss, the brush of feathers across his bare back when Cas brings his wings in closer around him. “Is there anything else? Anything else you want?”
Cas is in the middle of following Rowena’s instructions on the apple pie when Sam comes in with Dean, looking a little worn out, but soft-edged and glowy, too. He’s never really taken notice of that kind of thing, whether or not you could tell if someone was just coming off a heat, never considered it, but if there is a ‘post-heat look’, then Dean wears it well.
“Have I told you lately how much I love you?” He asks, pulling Cas in for a proper kiss. “Yes, okay, pants and then bacon.”
“Don’t get me wrong, it sucks, but…” Dean takes a pause, a deep breath. “It’s not as bad as I thought. And… I got the option to take pills, not do it again, if that’s… you know, if that’s what’s right for me. Maybe… go a few months knowing it won’t happen, and then see how I do without ‘em again.”
“Do you think you’d like more apple trees?” Rowena asks, as they pack back up at the end of Monday’s market.
“You should keep ‘em. I mean-- you should keep the shirt. We can get you better pants later, but-- the shirt’s yours.”
“I don’t own enough stuff to need the truck.” Dean snorts. “Let alone fill up a room. Cas’ stereo cabinet’s got plenty of room to move my records in, and… that’s most of what I own. Coupla books and some clothes, not like I got any furniture or nothing.”
And the man the Winchesters have painted a picture of to him doesn’t seem capable-- of devaluing Dean, yes, he’d been all too capable of thoughtless cruelty and harm, he doesn’t need to have been behind a decade of constant suffering for Cas to find his treatment of Dean unforgivable. But making the deal and relying on things to go smoothly while he sat at a bar, to lie to the rest of his family about it… To have held onto the money for months before sending it on? No. That does sound like more than the elder Winchester was capable of. If he’d been sitting on it for months in order to keep a secret? That doesn’t track with what Cas knows.
“Yes.” He wipes gently at Dean’s tears, feels a couple of his own slip free. Finds himself grinning when Dean reaches up to return the favor. “I never dared hope, that I could find my way back to you. Even with the chaos in the Empty, I… Oh,
for being an angel-- and I don’t got any less faith in you now than I ever did, I just-- You’re you. And you believe in me and I believe in you. Exactly how you are, whatever you are. But I need you, Cas. I can’t lose you.”
“Don’t be.” Cas hands over one of the honey lollipops, and lights one of the small ‘sample-sized’ candles, so that the scent of honey-lavender replaces that of spilt beer. “And try that.”
“If you believe for a moment that I could leave you now… please tell me where I’ve failed. How should I love you better? There is
“This really… this isn’t how I saw it going.” He offers. “I never would have… I mean, it was a risk for all of us, but I-- I’m sorry. I know you just got him back. I know it… it took you two long enough, to get this far. Look, Dean, for what it’s worth…”
“Sammy.” Dean pulls Sam down, head to his shoulder, rubs broad circles over his back. “Cas is the reason I didn’t punk out on this whole thing-- Ever since… ever since this all happened to me, okay, I can’t… I can’t tell you how bad it was. Or how much it’s fucked with my head. I’m not gonna… you don’t need to know all that shit, you really don’t. Any time I woulda asked, Garth or Jody or anyone woulda helped me find you, I just… I couldn't get over myself enough to pick up the phone. That’s on me, thinking you would be okay without me.”
Sam, surprisingly, fills most of his plate with the salad, forgoing the barbecue chicken entirely. Dean’s plate looks like the exact inverse, a lot of meat, some potato salad, and absolutely nothing green. Cas has given Gabriel a plate with some of everything, but he’s not exactly surprised when his brother is just picking strawberry pieces and cucumber slices out of the salad and leaving the rest.
“And you send food over to Jody’s when she’s got a full house. Last winter when Bess was gettin’ kind of anemic, going into her second trimester, you brought us a bunch of spinach, too. You know, it doesn’t stop at just pack, you provide for your whole community. And people appreciate that-- even when you don’t come in much in person, everyone knows you take care of folks.
“It’s a good, reliable, ordinary car.” Cas insists, and because the universe is like that, when he turns the key, the car does not start.
Dean gives Jack a few movies to choose between, as they get settled in. The Dean-cave has changed, in the years they’ve made the bunker home-- become more of a family den, with the addition of Jack to their lives, the two recliners swapped out for a couch, a couple plush ottomans. It’s not the retreat of manly relaxation he’d once envisioned… but aside from the lack of a beautiful ultra-hi-def TV, the things that aren’t as he once envisioned are better. And if he’s honest, the old clunker they have now is just fine for watching movies made before ultra-hi-def was a thing.
“Tell me?” The muscles in his abdomen jerk and heave with the enormity of it, even when that light touch no longer raises goosebumps in its wake.
“Not your fault.” He shakes his head. “I haven’t… been affected that way in a long time, thinking about it. But… I try not to think about it often. You’re allowed to be curious about my history with the center.”
It still would have been worth it, and of course he had taken reasonable precautions, avoiding the things that would hurt him the most, but the level of exertion was still one he hadn’t been at since back when he was leading the team himself. And yet, Friday, he’s fine. He updates the bees on general progress around the farm before smoking them to collect their honey, he gets some work done helping with nursery preparations, he feels fine.
“Now you’re talking.” Jody nods approvingly, which helps settle the anxiety. “So, you got a favorite character yet?”
For a moment, Dean doesn’t act, just looking down at the shears in his hand, but he shakes himself out of his thoughts, holding the bucket beneath and trimming away the segment Castiel has presented him with.
That part, he never told anyone about. Garth had talked him through the aftermath of having taken a life, and the everyone else on his team had been quick to say it could have happened to any one of them, in a moment of panic on a raid gone wrong. Gabriel had been reassuring, in his own way, when Castiel had confessed that some of the guilt came from the fact that he’d killed this man on a raid to rescue strangers, but he hadn’t done the same to the guard he’d fought to save his own brother. Well, okay, Gabriel had laughed at him, but it had done the trick. He didn’t tell anyone about the man’s scent or the effect it had had on him.
“I hate knowing it’s like that.” He mumbles, after a while. “Hate how… gross it feels sometimes. How it feels like there’s some… like there’s still something from back then that’s a part of me.”
“Sammy grew up. He-- he went to a real university, he became a lawyer, and… He’s not a kid anymore. And if this is the shit he wades through for a living now, then he… he knows what happens to sixteen year old omegas when they get picked up and sold off. How do I look that kid in the eyes, when he… How am I supposed to be strong for him again now?”
“Oh.” Cas goes red, his brain playing a few pertinent word on repeat. “Yes-- yes, I understand. I’ve… I’ve also been, uh… I know the drill with having those… healthcare discussions. From the other, the other perspective. Absolutely take the time you need.”
“We’ve only got so much office space, with everything else we need to be able to do with the building, but you’ll be sharing a space with our research team-- these are the people who, primarily, help to track down cases of trafficked or imperiled omegas, Charlie heads that effort in addition to providing IT support.” He gestures between the desk they’ve managed to set up for Sam, and the one Charlie is working at. “And she can help you with anything you need on the research front as much as the technical side.”
“Oh shit…” Dean squeezes at the base of his dick, but the rest of him is twitching in sympathy now, the muscles along his inner thighs tightening and his leg bouncing harder and his abs jumping, his whole body protesting holding off now. “Um, that’s-- I mean, yeah, just-- that’s not something friends
They trade wet touches, stroking over each other’s forearms, pressing their palms together to measure their hands against each other. Cas shifts his stool over to be able to lightly massage at Dean’ chest and shoulders, and he squirms a little when Dean trails a light touch up his ribs, cooling drip of water rolling down his side, but he smiles, too.
“I think Jody will be behind me, but I wanted to talk to you first, even though I know it’s… like, you don’t have to approve me or whatever. I just…”
. Well there goes any admiration Dean might have felt in watching him on Thursday, because clearly he’s not capable of even that much now, without… without completely falling apart, without forcing a healing omega going through a very emotional time into the position of having to care for him. Dean has the physical strength to haul him in to the couch, but he’s still fragile in some ways, he still relies on those around him to provide a sense of security as he’s healing, and Cas was one of those people. Now?
“Yeah. I, um… I talked about driving lessons. With Garth, he thinks it’s a good idea. Haven’t asked Jody about it yet, she’s been busy.”
he is. He’d thought it was big enough when he was just getting a glance at the thing clothed, but hot damn… who knew? It’s
“Oh, way luckier than I deserve.” He brings their hands up to his lips. Doesn’t really kiss Cas’ knuckles, just holds them there a moment. “I’m saying I like you. I’m saying… you sit with me on the couch after we pig out on my favorite foods, which are
“Good, good. Um… at some point I’m gonna need to take some personal time, so… I don’t know if that’s gonna interfere with our Saturdays.”
“How can we run out of water? You just… boil it, man. There’s water all over the place, it’s still gonna rain some of the time and we get more water. Starving is gonna be a problem, ‘cause I don’t know shit about farming and it’s a little late to learn, and hunting and fishing are out because there are no animals. So I mean we’re boned. Are we done hugging?”
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m sure it is. He’s just been… agitated, I guess. I can’t blame him. It’s not something we’ve really talked about, or… wanted to.”  Sam shrugs, wincing.
“Touche.” He drags Cas’ hand to rest on his shoulder, above the level of the water, relaxing at the contact, at the way Cas immediately starts rubbing over his skin in gentle sweeps of the thumb. “We do have the present. And you can touch me, if you want to.”
Cas wraps his arms around Dean, and Dean does the same, the both of them meeting for a slightly longer kiss. It might just be his imagination, but he could swear he tastes those stolen bites of apple on Dean’s lips.
“I was used as a weapon against you today. He learned that hurting me would provoke a reaction. I regret that I was the cause of your pain. I think that’s a reasonable feeling to have.”
. Sure, there are some cool flash examples framed behind the register, but there’s also a couple of real paintings. Not like… shitty classy paintings, like a trippy melting astronaut in one and a badass unicorn in another, and a naked chick rising out of the water, but it’s in a swamp… okay, he doesn’t get that one, beyond ‘naked chick’, but it’s good, like… it’s Frazetta-y.
The whole thing would have been a disaster, except Dean didn’t treat it like one. There had been some brief tension-- Cas elected not to point out that Dean and Tybalt had very similar reactions to the smoke alarm-- but once Cas ushered him out to the porch to breathe in some fresh air, Dean had relaxed.
“My old man taught me a little. He, uh, wasn’t gonna take me to get a license or anything. But he still taught me, in case there was an emergency or something, while I was-- just in case of any kind of emergency, I guess. License would’ve been more freedom than I could handle, that’s how he put it. A waste.”
“Yeah. Yeah. It’s… this is a real nice set-up. I’m just happy working with my hands, outside. Get kind of sick of sitting around, but… dunno.”
“I mean, he… If he’s back on his feet to join us, I don’t think he’s… I don’t think he’s an angel anymore, or it’d still have him.”
was the center and back to Jody’s. Saw Garth at the center. Got help with the GED through the center. Number of people outside of Jody’s pack I even talked to I could count on one hand. But… I used to like people, you know? I used to… I used to like going to school, when I got to. I used to like… you know?”
“I just didn’t want to wait to talk to you, after I spent yesterday with Sam, and with calling Bobby, and with… with really getting things figured out. I just didn’t think that the chance I’d get to talk to you was going to be like this.”
They talk a little more, about music, about going out, about what it’s like to try and re-start an interrupted education. And others drop in and out, people talk about groups and classes offered through the center and what steps they’re taking to control the paths their lives are on. It does seem like a positive thing, Dean’s loosened up, warmed to the other omegas he’d been anxious about mingling with before, but Cas can’t banish the weight on his heart so easily, as the mixer eventually breaks up and people start to head out.
He leans back enough to give Cas a grin-- delight, mischief, surprise, interest, pleasure, happiness-- and a sweeping look.
“This is… a fantastic sensation.” Cas breathes the words out, his head falling back, the line of his throat a thing of frigging beauty.
Cas and Dean get to know each other more, opening up about things both trivial and personal-- and they start spending a little more time together.
She wipes his shoulder down first, alcohol pad cold against his skin, before Cas carefully turns up his sleeve and takes a little ink pad to his hand. He wraps it around Dean’s shoulder, just as he must have done the very first time. He folds his clean hand into Dean’s, they both squeeze once, before the artist readies her tattoo gun.
He nods, slipping out of his boxers, leaving them and his pants tangled on the bed with the rest of their discarded clothes.
He is, as ever, content to slide into the center seat, comfortably sandwiched between the two important alphas in his life, and he lets Castiel pass him Tybalt’s basket, holding it in his lap. For the duration of the drive out to the market, Tybalt moves back and forth between sling and basket, making his opinions on the route known.
“I see.” Cas’ eyes crinkle up at the corners, a light in his eyes that does something to Dean’s heart, something like the opposite of what almost happened to it only a day ago. “Well that is something to look forward to.”
spending time outside and doing stuff with my hands. I feel a lot more like myself, even though god knows I never grew up with a garden. Didn’t even have a yard most of the time, growing up. We, uh, moved around a lot. Extended stay motel suites, where ‘suite’ just means there’s a table and a hot plate in one corner, stuff like that. But it still feels right, like… my head can get clear and I can feel normal.”
“You don’t have to thank me. But I mean, that’s… that’s the thing, you know? I’m… all this, the therapy and shit and working out that I’m not what my old man raised me to think of myself, and I’m not what Alastair tried to make me… don’t get me wrong, it’s good to know what I’m not, but… it’s better knowing what I am. I’m good at fixing things… and I’m good at taking care of people. I forgot that about myself, for a long time.”
“You know, rub one out? Beat the meat? Shake hands with the one-eyed bishop? Take a solo ride on the bologna pony?”
Dean’s eyes fly open, he pushes himself to sit. Sam had expected a wide, happy grin, maybe a punch to the shoulder before the hug, a growly ‘never do that again’, laughter and a few hotly denied tears. He had not expected this-- the way Dean launches himself into Cas, the way he just falls apart, dissolving into tears he doesn’t bother to pretend he’s not crying.
“I think I-- I think I need to come…” He pants, fingers winding into Cas’ hair. “I can-- I can go and rub one out real quick in the bathroom, or… you can watch me.”
Dean wouldn’t be the first omega the center’s rescued who can’t have children, after the ordeal of… well, whatever tortures might have come with captivity. Some suffer a permanent loss of fertility, others merely find the idea too tied up in the trauma to be able to try. He’d never asked him something so personal, and he certainly can’t prod now.
“Yes. Yes, you’ll be right as rain soon, won’t you, my little lamb?” Rowena coos, the wailing coming to a hiccupping stop-- if only a temporary one for now. “They’ll both be past it before long.”
“Uh-huh…” Cas’ voice is breathy, barely there, and it’s liquid sex, it’s deep as thunder and sweet as honey, it’s gravel in a velvet bag, it’s everything a voice ought to be when it’s hot in your ear and coming out of the person you’re desperate to bring off.
“And for today, uh-- well, Cas has gotta run me back to Jody’s, but… maybe I’ll be back another week.” Dean adds, faux-casual. Cas hears the request for what it is, Dean’s day has been long enough.
“Mm. Well, there’s plenty of space between us and the nearest house, I suppose.” He nods, attention split between the conversation with Rowena, watching Gabriel through the sliding glass door, and watching Dean fuss over the pot on the stove. He’s never actually seen their nearest neighbors, thanks to a combination of fencing and trees, though he knows the closest house is somewhere to the right of Gabriel and Rowena’s, and he thinks it’s a smallish cottage with a fair amount of land. “Perhaps they’re parents themselves and they know it passes.”
“I don’t really-- The butchers at the farmers’ market sent that along for you all. But I’ll tell them next w-- well, if I go… I’ll pass it along when I see them.”
“Good. I did good.” He nods-- Cas would have gone with him, he knows, would have driven him there. He had worried that he would be a little too in his head if he knew Cas was watching him do the full tryout for the strike team, though, and Sam had driven him out and been his cheering section.
“Nah, nah, it’s… it’s like, a luck thing, now. Starting to feel like we really can’t die until we do it, so… don’t wanna jinx this thing if you’re gonna be putting it on the line.”
So when I do finally finish this I'll probably write at least one other finale fix, but I have a list of other ideas I want to tackle.
“Or Sam and Jack return without you, and I… I have not come this far to lose you, not like that. Please, Dean… if I asked
“Finding what you want to do with your life isn’t always easy. Not everyone has a great purpose drop into their laps. But you’re in a place where you can start thinking about it, that’s… that’s something.”
“Mm. There are lotions, though. If having me touch them wasn’t an unpleasant experience, I could… You’d still have them. I wouldn’t be taking away any badges of honor. But… I could do that for you. With you. If it’s something that would help.”
“Sure. There’s a line out the door, I’ll just start the free-for-all. Ladies, come and get a piece. Hell, fellas, too. Why not?”
That changes things immediately. Sam brightens and rushes over to fuss proudly over his brother, cheery and animated as they discuss the strike team-- all three of them swept up enough on the excitement now that the conversation isn’t exactly coherent. Sam is repeating what Dean had told him about his upcoming tryout as the three of them finally get Dean’s clothes into Cas’ washing machine.
“The thing?” Cas feels like he’s missing something, and for a moment he curses trying to do this over the phone, but if anything he thinks it would be worse in person.
. I measured you against heaven and made my choice. I think it possible we have both set the bar rather high. But… I believe we will be good.”
. In all Sam’s history of loss, there’s not a single one Dean honestly thinks he could hold up against Cas, say ‘I understand’, and be right.
Gabriel grins at his expression of disgust and discomfort, and only grins twice as hard when Rowena gives his backside a swat in passing, on her way to grab another crate to load in.
“Well… like a dip. Although you could also use it as a spread? I’m not doing as good a job of selling it as they do, but then, I’m… There’s a reason I’m not usually the salesman.”
His phone rings, and he resents that, too, doesn’t know what the hell Jack’s got to call him about or where from, doesn’t
“Yeah… doc told me there were options, but… dunno. Think I shut down when he talked about, uh, ‘excising damaged tissue to encourage a cleaner healing’, or whatever. Anything after that was just noise, you know?”
Sometimes, it’s easier to leer when they aren’t touching, for both of them, but sometimes touch is such a big part of what makes them feel safe… it’s something they still need to navigate, but that’s all right. They’re on the same track with it, they’re unwinding at the same pace.
“Uh-uh. Nope. Not fucking doing that again. I don’t know how many times I gotta tell you, Cas, you don’t get to die on me.”
“That was… it feels like a long time ago.” He shrugs, though it can’t really be much more than a year since. “It’s just… it’s just a matter of time before someone breaks it, it’s not important-- I’ll be very glad for whoever does, they’re a strong team.”
“Damn straight.” Dean nods. “You can dry a man out and you can send him to rehab, but you can’t make bacon stop tasting like a salty, crispy little slice of heaven.”
This, apparently, is too much of a question. Castiel can relate-- he never had plans, or ambitions, before Gabriel needed him, and opened his eyes to how many others might need him, too. He was simply an extension of his family, their will, their brand of faith, their choices for all their children… it hadn’t occurred to him that he was allowed to want something else. When he was suddenly free of them, it took time to figure out what to do for himself. At first, he existed for the dream of the center alone, and while he stands by it as the legacy he’d be proud to leave in the world, and the most important thing he’ll ever do, while he had begun to learn to make choices, it still wasn’t the same as having his own life.
There’s a knock on the door before he has the pills in his hand, and he sighs. If this is going to be any kind of a conversation, he’s not ready for it, but if this is for Cas…
“Wait, do that again.” Sam says, which means he had not just let himself out after the hug like he should have.
There’s not a lot of room, to be lying side by side on their backs, but there’s enough. At least for a little breather. Cas’ hand finds its way to Dean’s, he laces their fingers together. One little squeeze, one answering squeeze back.
Castiel blushes a little, at being called ‘kiddo’ in front of-- well… a part time employee? Someone to whom his organization provides a service? Whatever Dean primarily is, he feels very strongly that ‘person to be called kiddo in front of’ is what he’s
“Great, all right.” Dean shifts in his lap, he feels sparks again. “Take off your coat and stay a while?”
Things remain quiet, until Gabriel and Rowena roll in with a small gaggle of shoppers, slipping into the booth to help with the next round of sales.
Dean nods slowly, sucking his lip into his mouth as he mulls it over. Finally, he shoots Cas a slight sideways smile.
Cas hums and nips very gently at his neck, not too close to the scent gland. “The leather in your scent gets stronger… and you start to smell more like cinnamon. I find it… it makes me want
There’s a little wince, subtle but not so subtle as to escape notice, when Dean realizes he’s just criticized Cas’ family, and crudely at that-- even knowing Gabriel, knowing that he and Cas broke away from that family for a reason and that neither of them did much looking back once they were free.
Garth has been training Sam on some of that-- even if his job isn’t supposed to bring him into contact with any heavily traumatized omegas, he’s taken to learning as much as possible, and it’s not a bad idea, one never knows… but Cas suspects he wants to know more about Dean’s journey, now that he can be with him through the next steps.
“Glad to be back.” He nods, sweeping past Sam and gliding down the stairs, all grace and speed as he makes a beeline for Dean.
“I’d love to check it out, meet some people. I have Monday off, yeah-- Dean was going to help me look at apartments, but if you get back to me about the place you know, then… maybe we’ll skip some of the less promising ones, and come by the market instead. He can show me around.”
“Mm-- yeah, they feed us real good. We take turns working in the kitchen, too. It’s all good. You know… it’s, um… it feels fair, the way she runs everything. I guess you know about that, huh? She made it sound like you were kind of… up on all this stuff.” His eyes flicker between Castiel and his own plate.
“Yeah, well… I, um… I didn’t think we should be around each other, until… you know. ‘Til this  is over. But… I dunno. I dunno why I’m calling you. I didn’t want things with us to be about, you know, hormone shit. I just needed to tell you, I guess.”
, he wants to say, and can’t. Can’t, because it’s… it’s an enormous thing to say, even if they’re not exactly secret, even if he could say it to Cas in private. Can’t, because Sam doesn’t have that option. His shot at a happy ending depends on beating Chuck, or bargaining with him. And Dean doesn’t know which is crazier.
“Yeah, I guess the last unit in this pet-friendly place got snatched up, so… We were gonna check it out Monday, instead he’s just gonna come over here and look at the place when he picks me up. He’s gonna want a dog, though. All that space for one… he’s always wanted a dog.”
There’s not enough time in the world-- definitely literally now-- for Dean to move past this, but he nods and waves Sam off, because he hasn’t got the strength to do anything else, he hasn’t got it in him to move, and he just wants to cry alone. He can’t hold it off any longer, the terrible understanding of all that he’s lost, and he doesn’t want to do this in front of Sam. There’s something almost physically painful in crying in front of someone, and it’s not always unbearable, if that someone is Sam. There are pains and griefs he could let his brother carry him through. This isn’t one of them.
“My brother isn’t coming back. It’s been ten years, I… No, I’m just here to give someone else the help that I wish he could have gotten.”
“Yes, we’ve got to take some things over to Jody’s house. Oh-- Benny wanted me to tell you he’s got a marinade at the trailer?”
“The machine is at mine.” He nods. “Grab your things and I’ll set you up. And-- my spare room is free, if… if the couch doesn’t pull out.”
“Oh, maybe.” She gives a little shrug and a secretive smile. “We’ll see how it goes. I suppose it wouldn’t hurt to sell a few wee hats and booties to fund our parenthood program, if I’m ever short on new bairns to put them on through the center.”
That’s fair-- Michael had broken with Lucifer, once, but even though it was over the time Lucifer tried to sell Gabriel, it wasn’t really to take Gabriel’s side… and ever since, Michael and Raphael have been difficult at best. And after Naomi… well, Castiel and Gabriel both have enough reason not to go back.
to you, in a way that’s never happened before, not for me. And when that man put his hands on you, tried to keep me from getting you clear, I killed him. I didn’t even think about what I was doing. At least, even if someone else in that place had found him and administered emergency care, he’d… he’d have been brain dead, that’s enough to feel a very complicated kind of guilt about. But I certainly didn’t do anything to… to try to minimize the harm I’d done. At the time, I wouldn’t have. At the time, the only reason I didn’t do more to make sure there’d  be no saving him, is because it was more important to get you out, so you could be cared for.”
He has to adjust his grip on his cane before he can stoop to pick Tybalt up, depositing him back on his chair to keep him from rushing out into the garden and getting in the way, and he’s given a disgruntled look, but no real argument.
“I feared for him… I felt his desperation and I was so certain… When Jack sent me back, I landed rather far afield, so I called immediately, but...”
“It would have been worth it… forgive me, my death would have been worth it, for you. Forgive me, it always will be.”
“Want you to mark me again.” He begs. Kisses at Cas’ jaw, at the little cleft of his chin, waits to be kissed back. “Want your handprint on me.”
It’s definitely the stupid part of Cas agreeing to that, though he might have agreed anyway, just from the way Garth and Jody and Donna all light up at the idea of Dean taking on a new challenge.
“And we’ll be able to help with the work of tending it all, too, of course.” She leans up to kiss his cheek. “I’m looking to get a few chickens, at least.”
“C’mere. You can come up a little higher. You can touch my dick if you wanna.” Dean nods. He likes the word ‘dick’, for it-- granted, it’s small and the only function it can be said to have is Dean gets off when he touches it, but he likes that, too. It’s a part of him no one ever ruined, ignored in favor of the places someone else could fuck. True, he still hasn’t always felt like getting himself off, but this is something that’s only ever been his, and now sharing it with Cas is his choice.
Dean doesn’t quite doze, but he’s at rest, and Cas is loath to abandon him if he’s providing any help. He tenses when Jody comes in, worried about what they might look like, but she just raises an eyebrow and doesn’t protest, or ask.
Garth eventually makes it to the other side after him, muttering a soft ‘oh boy’ at the monkey bars-- still, he’s not truly daunted. Even if his arms are sore after the ropes, he has fun with this part.
“You don’t have to talk about it, I know it’s a fantastic friggin’ sensation, I’ve done this before.”
“Now nothing. We don’t have a plan. We don’t have a weapon. We don’t have a bargaining chip. We got nothing.” Dean frowns, but he lets Sam help him to carry Cas, Jack hurrying ahead to let them back inside.
“I could… it is an incredible waste of my powers.” He says, between slow kisses, and a light scrape of his teeth across soft, warm skin. He drags his tongue higher, until he feels the rasp of stubble. “And I think it would be more fun to use my hands on you.”
He’s just sorry Dean didn’t have anyone to do the same for him, back when it might have made all the difference.
He can’t possibly be hearing what he thinks Dean is telling him, that he’s responsible in part for his first heat since-- since everything. There’s a twist of
“Dean? You found him? You know what happened to him?” Sam asks, before he’s even finished getting the word out, he can hear the creak of a chair-- he thinks as Sam lurches to his feet from it, it doesn’t sound like he’s collapsed into it. “Is he-- oh, god, is he--?”
“I’ll bother him for it in a bit. And I want to pick up a basket of cherries, I think… but we’ve got things handled here.” Rowena gives Dean another warm smile. “Thank you for stepping in this morning, I can certainly see why my husband’s been so keen about your prospects. Seems you’re a man of many talents.”
“But I’m not… I’m not, you know. I’m fucked up and I’m never gonna have a picket fence kinda life and I’m never gonna have pups of my own, or… or any of that. And I guess… I guess I never thought I would, but it’s different. Because I used to tell myself I didn’t want it. I used to hate being an omega so much. And after everything, it’s like… now I got people telling me all those doors I thought were closed because of that, it’s not so black and white, it’s not all the shit I was raised with, but… but I’m still never gonna have it.”
“Nah, it’s… My old man fixed cars, when I was real young. Before my mom died, back when he could hold down a job and stay sober. And sometimes he’d do it for a little while somewhere, after that. He grew up in a garage, his, um, his stepdad was a mechanic. And my uncle. He, uh… he had his own place, ran it himself. Spent a whole summer there once, best summer I can really remember. I think about my uncle’s place? I could work in a garage. Pull parts from the salvage yard and fix up classics, like the ones I first learned to work on… I think I could like it, feel at home there. But I think about my dad, following him to work on the weekends and being called ‘champ’ and ‘little man’, when I was maybe eleven, and the guy who gave me my first beer, and getting grease-stained and following him around carrying a tool box big as Sammy woulda been… and I think about how I was the same kid, after I presented, but these other guys weren’t looking at me the same way, I mean grown men who used to talk sports and cars to me, and… the fights he’d get in. The empties hitting the wall, back at home, because another job let him go. And you’re right, that’s the friggin’ obstacle. I can’t be in a place like that. Even if I pass, even if they never smell me over the pills and the soaps and the engine grease, it won’t change things. It won’t change how that kind of man looks at other omegas, or how they talk. How they’d talk in front of me, if they didn’t know. And I can’t.”
“I’ll take Jack. We’ll… we’ll make some soup, or something.” Sam says, though they don’t leave without handing Dean the towels, one wetted through with the hot water.
He and Cas get escorted over to a chair by a tiny gal with a cloud of silvery-blue dyed hair, in ripped jeans and a band shirt, and one of her arms has some kind of weird cool medusa, and a bee-themed tattoo that makes him think of Cas, which makes him feel like he can trust her. ‘99 Problems’ runs around her wrist in a delicate script, green ink vivid against her skin. Given that the place is called ‘99 Problems Ink’, he can only figure she’s the owner.
“Yeah.” Sam whispers, pressing his forehead to Dean’s. “I get it. Jody’s trained for trauma stuff. Plenty of families want to do the right thing, but it doesn’t mean they’re ready to. I get that now.”
He rolls his eyes, but there’s something fond in the line of his smile. “Dean, I could carry your car up a flight of stairs, provided there was enough room to maneuver it.”
“Well, why don’t Gabriel and I keep you busy until he’s done with it?” Rowena rises, taking Sam’s arm and tugging him up and after her with what seems like extraordinarily little effort. “Step into my office, dearie, I need a big, strong man to help me prepare some medicinal teas.”
They pause, leaning in the doorframe together and staring each other down, arms folded, and it strikes him that this is their first fight as a couple, really, and he has no idea what to do with that, but so what else is new?
“And what good’s trying supposed to do us, huh? We can’t read the damn book. Is it just gonna be trial and error until he doesn’t think us trying is funny anymore? And that doesn’t even start on how we get everything else back if he doesn’t want to deal.”
“I see. And you… Your intent, is it to remain here, doing tiring, all-too-thankless work, or is it that you hope to find your brother so that you can take him home?”
Cas offers to draw a bath for Dean after a long day earning his place on the strike team... then he offers to keep things fair.
They head out back and get to work-- more breaks to drink something, now that summer’s in full swing. The galas will be ready to harvest soon, and then it won’t be too long until the cameos and then the gold rush apples… It will take a few years for the new trees to mature and start producing good fruit, but he can already envision an apple season that begins mid-August and goes through to the end of October, different varieties… The bees are buzzing in the cameo tree and around the roses, birds are visiting the feeders and the birdbath, singing out their claims on the territory while they work, and Rowena joins them to gather some herbs and help with the roses, Gabriel brings lunch out to all three of them on the patio, where the four enjoy a slight breeze, and the shade of the vine-covered arbor over the table, the climbing roses also in full flower.
? Look, no tricks, no stabby-stabby, I’m here offering to kill my own brother, or-- or be killed, or whatever it is you
“No. It is. Because I knew… I knew what was… We didn’t have time for anything else, we had one shitty plan and he told me… he told me. And I knew I couldn’t… if I stopped him, we would both die, I would still have to watch him die. And I knew…” He gulps down air, his shoulders shaking. “I knew what he wanted. Summon the empty at the right moment, take Billie with him. Spare me, so one of us could make it back to you and Jack to try and save the world. He knew it was a suicide run the whole time… I just-- I don’t know. A part of me hoped… hoped if I could make it back we both would. I think he knew when he said he’d go with me that he… A part of him knew. Maybe not what would happen, but-- knew that he’d die for me, at least.”
“I know Sam said all of us are only human now… but I don’t feel that way.” Jack says, and when Dean turns back to him and Cas, he sees the wide-eyed little kid look on his face. Kind of look that reminds him of when Sam was just little, in spite of himself and in spite of the fact that Jack looks nothing like Sam at age five or… or whatever.
“I want good things for you, too. Picket fence things, or… something close to it. We’re gonna get her back, we’re gonna figure it out. It’s gonna be you and me, though. Whatever you need me to do, I will do it, but Cas stays here. Maybe Jack can… look out for him. Maybe if we die trying, they can look out for each other. In an empty world… forever… Nah, we gotta fix this.”
“I’m sure. Before the market day is over, we’ll have to pick up some more to send back with you. There are some other small farms, of course, that do different kinds of produce, one that does flowers. There’s a coffee kiosk, a place that does organic garden supply… Down at the end of our row, there’s a woodworker. There’s a couple of bakeries, a knife sharpener. We’re right next to the, uh, Hummus Guys, and I think it’s a microbrewery to their other side.” He gestures past the large booth next to them, and the young men finishing setting up the trays of ice to keep their products cold.
Dean hums around his first bite, looks like he’s fighting the urge to let his eyes drift closed as he rolls that bite over his tongue, and the second bite follows before the first has been swallowed. For all that Cas had very little to do with the quality of the sandwich as compared to any other, he still takes some pride in that.
He nods, and Dean gives them both a rinse, before he works up to it, his hand loose around Cas’ half-hard cock, the two of them side-by-side on the bench, the stone smooth and cool against Dean’s heated skin… It’s an awkward position, but then, he’s not here to get Cas off, this time. He just wants to know how it feels to get a hand around him, the weight and heat of that cock in his hand. He doesn’t tease too much, doesn’t want to accidentally take it too far, but it feels good to know. It feels good to be trusted to touch without taking it too far.
So much for comforting… so this is it. Dean has plans. Plans with his real family. Much as Cas doesn’t want to face those facts, he owes it to Dean to listen to him, he can’t bury his head in the sand until the day Dean’s gone. He owes that to himself, too, to be as prepared as he can be. And it’s not as if they couldn’t be in touch, maybe… maybe Dean could text him movie recommendations, or bands to listen to, and they could talk about those things long-distance. He could send pictures of the farm and of Tybalt, and get pictures of Dean at home, settling into his dream career…
And it feels like the man Castiel might have wanted if biology was no factor in it, if he hadn’t been wired to respond to the scent of an omega. If he had been a purely visual creature. Dean is an omega, granted, but more than that, he is that man. Tall, with work-roughed hands and good shoulders, smelling not of pheromones but of the outdoors. A
“Okay, but I think you’re not used to this thing where you could die, very easily. Okay? You were real hard to kill a couple days ago, and how’d that go?”
At least with Rowena he doesn’t have to explain-- his youth was a desert wasteland where popular culture was concerned, all media was carefully vetted. He didn’t see a movie until he was fifteen, and even then, his first experience with one was nothing that would challenge the worldview imposed upon him. Hell, the first time he ate pizza he was in college. It wasn’t just pop culture he’d been walled away from. Lucifer and Gabriel were the rebels, back then, the ones who sought out secular entertainments, forbidden information. Castiel’s rebellion had been deep baked in his bones, but it hadn’t come with rock and roll music or sneaking into movie theaters. Even with how long he’s been off in the world with his brother, he hasn’t really caught up on very much.
“Mm. You’ve made your life’s work around helping omegas who have faced heir own serious trauma at the hands of the kinds of alphas who use biology as an excuse for cruelty. You’ve always been
Cas blinks once. “I’m afraid I don’t understand. You’re required to kiss me, because I am underneath a plant?”
“Anyway, I just wanted to give you the heads-up. If something opens up before next Monday, then it’s business as usual, but maybe you could ask someone else for help if we can’t make it? We can leave the big stuff in the truck, so you only have to load product, you could ask some of the folks from the market for a little help setting up if you’re okay to sell alone.”
“You’ve done brisk business today-- that’s almost all the candles.” She remarks, perching herself in Gabriel’s lap, perfectly content with three chairs to four people.
“Yeah.” Dean’s gut clenches and flutters at the sudden wave of heat from those words. “You… you could touch me in some new places, if you want to. You want that, Cas? You want me to show you?”
Dean licks his lips, and looks down at the package in his hands, before finally putting it in the fridge.
They’ll have to work something out with someone, if Dean means to break into a new career now-- having Gabriel and Rowena right
“Well… here.” And then Dean’s phone is playing music, tinny over the speakers, sitting on Cas’ nightstand. “Better than nothing. I got the balm Rowena told me to, do you need help with it?”
“The market’s different, it’s… we work next to the same people for a season at a time, we barter sometimes… The only other place I really go is the library.”
“Watch out, Cas.” Dean teases, pausing and looking him over, the picture he makes standing in the doorway. Like he really is this little awkward nerdy guy, and not a powerful and awe-inspiring angel of the lord. “Hang out under the mistletoe like that and you know what might happen…”
But, now Dean has the confidence to go after what he wants, and to have Cas meet him with his own desires, and it’s a marvelous stroke of luck that those desires are… on a low simmer.
“Hey, Cas.” He angles himself enough to kiss Cas’ cheek, before he sits up. “You want an aspirin? Something to eat?”
“I’ll text Sam to keep Jack out a little longer.” He promises, and being wrapped in those wings makes up for the loss of one of Cas’ hands on him as he does so. “He already knows he’s on dinner duty.”
“Yeah. Maybe… maybe we’ll go shopping. Maybe we’ll, dunno. Get some new blankets or something.” Dean snuggles in. “Make a nest on the couch to watch a movie from?”
“I do, Dean. Look, yeah, I don’t want all the painful details, I don’t… But I’ve been imagining the worst for a decade now. I just… I want you to tell me about your life.”
. I never knew… when I was a kid, and when I was a-- when I went through all that, I didn’t know what this’d mean, but I do now. Means I got someone I can… lean on, with decisions. Someone I can talk shit out with, knowing you’re always gonna have my back. If I can’t make a decision, you’ll be there to help me, with all that practical stuff. If I can make a decision, you’ll be there to back me up on it. Every day isn’t you carrying me out of a warehouse, but every day, you have my back. For the normal stuff.”
“I mean, we won’t talk about this later, because friends… don’t. And we’re not mentioning any of this in front of Sam!”
. Cas’ mouth goes dry, his heart hammers. If he didn’t habitually keep his scent neutralized, Sam Winchester would probably think he was sitting across from a crazy person. The boy in the photograph, not so unlike the little child Cas had once imagined when standing in Gabriel and Rowena’s nursery, the boy with the full, freckled cheeks and the bright green eyes, that’s
“With the baby.” He doesn’t hesitate a moment. “He told me about how they’d been trying, and how it wasn’t certain for a while, but… he trusts her to protect their children, even if she’s never been in a physical fight before-- and I believe that. But more than that… she’s so careful with everything. Everything she’s learned as a midwife, she’s putting into making sure that they stay healthy and safe. Even before all this… she tempers him. He’s always been the wild child, and I’ll admit, when he first brought her home, I thought this was going to be a disaster-- they felt like… well, you know that, uh, air of sheer chaos they put out. I was so sure it was going to be a mess, but… but in reality, they learned how to be more… careful. Grown up. She can be the kind of wild and fun partner he wants, but underneath that, they’re alike in the right way-- they’re both capable of caution and planning, even if you’d never guess it to look at them, and they bring it out in each other somehow, they… they stabilize. And… they’ve both had hard times. I know her life as a female alpha wasn’t always easy, and I know she’s faced tragedies, and I think… after what Gabriel went through-- not just being held captive, because I know he was… when I got to him, he wasn’t in bad shape, but the betrayal coming from our family, that part… I’m very glad he found someone who could understand some of those same feelings, just coming from another direction. Someone else he could heal with. I think she’s been good for him.”
“Jody is far more of an expert than I am when it comes to long-term rehabilitation work… but I’m aware of how she does things. When the center was… Before we had real facilities, before most of the people we work with now, she was one of the first to join Gabriel and I. She would keep her ear to the ground for any news, any potential trafficking operation the police weren’t going to move on. I took on the job of planning our strikes, and she and I would go in together. We took care of the people we saved in our homes-- Gabriel was living with me then, he did… he was better at that part than I was. Jody, though… she does it all, it seems like. We were lucky to cross paths with her.”
“Not the kind you have to worry about. Promise. If it ever was, you’d be the first we’d tell. Just… routine, but the kind of crap… you know, you put it off and you put it off, and then one day maybe your mate tells you it’s not the kind of thing you’re supposed to put off, but if you both go in together it’s less intimidating, so you schedule a couples’ pap smea--”
Where that comes into play, for this story, is that at birth, it's impossible to be certain about whether a child is a beta or not, because betas can have ambiguous genitalia but still wind up IDing as male or female (or not), depending on... well, all the same reasons people in the real world, intersex or not, vibe with their genders. Alpha (cis) males, however, are born with a very UNambiguous set-up. So, Dean spent his childhood hoping to be a beta and have at least a little acceptance if not approval from a father disappointed not to have an alpha male oldest son, and Cas similarly spent his childhood knowing he would be an alpha or a beta, but not an omega.
“Sure. I hear that.” Dean follows him in, and through to the back garden, pausing to rub Tybalt’s ear. “Your raw chicken’s got a sweater?”
And so he prods at the hurt of that loss, he digs two fingers into the open wound of Cas’ absence and asks himself what he would do, and what he could feel.
“Dean…” And then there are lips, trailing along his jaw, a kiss that stops short of reaching his mouth, but it lingers, tender and intimate. Cas bears some of his weight on his arms, still lying atop Dean, and it’s not exactly ‘sexy’, or he doesn’t think it’s trying to be, but it’s a lot. “I promised you I would be here when you woke…”
The coffee is ready, when Jody arrives, and taking the tray back to the kitchen to fix three cups gives Castiel something to do with himself, when he starts to worry he’s poor company, that the silence between them must be getting awkward now. She’s sitting beside Dean, the two of them talking softly, and when he gets back in, he sees Tybalt has taken up residence wedged between them, purring up a storm as Dean grants him tentative pets.
, he clearly doesn’t think he’s entitled to know everything about Castiel’s health, it’s just a question.
“I used to want to be Han, when I was a kid.” Dean admits, while digging the bed for the tomatoes. It’s the Saturday after they’ve finished the trilogy, and the last frost of the year is behind them-- at least, Cas is pretty certain-- so today is all work and no movie. He’s not sure if he’s sad about it or not. He’d enjoyed watching movies with Dean and Jody, enjoyed making popcorn and serving drinks, and how easy they both made it to ask questions about this universe they were both so familiar with, or offer opinions about plot points and characters. But… he doesn’t miss it too keenly, when he and Dean are out working side by side, getting the hard work done to plant for summer, to harvest a little of the spring crop-- such as it is-- before the time comes to let those beds rest. Dean doesn’t balk at digging, or at spreading compost. If there’s a job Dean balks at, actually, Cas hasn’t found it yet.
“Well, well, well, what do we have here?” She greets, swinging the door open wide and waving him in-- apparently his scent remains neutralized enough, at least for her current crop of omegas.
“I believe we were in agreement last night. When this is over, we both end up in the same place. What better way of ensuring it than by my being at your side?”
Dean snorts. “Man, I don’t know how you turned out so decent. Sounds like some serious don’t-drink-the-Kool-Aid shit.”
They don’t lay every detail of painful childhoods bare, he doesn’t think it’s in either of their natures to do so. But it’s enough to know on some level they commiserate. That there’s more than enough common ground between alpha and omega here-- roles neither of them fit, roles that they only ever disappointed their fathers in. Granted, Cas was never going to present as an omega, there was no real ambiguity at his birth. If he had, though… well, if he had, Lucifer might have sold him off on a whim along with Gabriel, but if that didn’t happen…
“Because.” Another raised brow. “Your brother knows what you’re like-- and he knows you know what he’s like. Would you have listened, if he’d offered to send a pretty young omega lad ‘round to your place to do some work?”
“He’s got his sunscreen on, so if he needs to take a walk around, he’ll be all right. I’m going to grab his basket and then we can go.”
“It’s a nice little set-up.” Gabriel promises Sam, over lunch in his and Rowena’s eat-in kitchen. “Safe, secure, he’ll have a bed and a bath and a TV, and if anything about it gets distressing, all he has to do is pick up the phone in the room, he’ll have a direct line to see his doctor or talk to his therapist. They’re gonna make sure he gets his meals, gonna make sure he gets all the clean sheets and towels he needs, it’s really going to be okay.”
He does, Cas supporting him with a firm hand when his legs wobble. From the front, he’s a prettier sight than he’d been before, when he’d been admiring himself on his own. His eyes are wide and dark, his lips are flushed, and so are his cheeks. His nipples had been cute before, sure, but now they could cut glass. He’s not really
“I think my kicking-down-doors days are behind me.” He snorts. “I’m probably going to need surgery by the time I’m fifty, I’d rather not need it by the time I’m forty, if I can help it.”
“I don’t care if you show up in a bathrobe, just show up. You know, with how early you turned in, even you should be able to function at this hour.”
“Yeah. Yeah, Sam said he thought… He thought to get out, you had to become something that didn’t… belong.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I do.” He closes his eyes, gives into every soothing little touch, the gentle way Cas’ fingers tug at his hair just that tiniest bit, the way that it grounds him. “It-- it’s okay, if you say it. That you think I’m…”
“Sammy?” Dean’s voice cracks. He slides out of his seat, comes to kneel beside Cas, one hand gripping the leg of his slacks tight. “My Sam, he’s here? He… he’s a lawyer? He found you, he came here? What-- what is he like?”
He throws himself into working alongside Dean-- neither of them will accept a paycheck now, Sam is working in exchange for rent-free digs, and Dean insists he just wants to, as a friend, and to help ‘pay Sam’s rent’. Cas watches the two of them play-wrestle over the hose, while giving the chickens water, both of them soaked by the time they’ve finished, and so Sam drags Dean over to the detached unit, both of them emerging in dry clothes-- though in Dean’s case, it’s a shirt that hangs off of him just a little, and a pair of jeans belted and cuffed to provide an acceptable fit.
“You said Rowena’s not a fighter, you feel that’s why she and Gabriel have treated you like pack leader. But you think she’s a good alpha for your brother, right?”
Anyway, feel free to scream with me in the comments, like... as much as I'd love to know what people think of my first SPN fic I am also down to just talk to other people who are emotional about this.
“Can you pause that? Turn that off maybe? It’s getting to me, man.” He gestures to the computer, chalking his own half-chub up to all the tinny moans and the occasional glimpse of titty. “I can’t believe I have to give The Talk to an angel. Okay. It’s okay, Dean-o, you can do this.”
“Yeah. Yeah, you’re right. I’d never forgive myself if I just… if I let him think I was dead just ‘cause I punked out like a little bitch. Or if I let him think it’s that I don’t want to see him.”
“Look at this, I’m not fishbelly white anymore, too. Spent so long living in a box, not even a window to look out of, I forgot I was a freckly little kid before… So, you know. I don’t want to quit what we got. The arrangement we got. It’s just… right now at Jody’s it’s me and the girls, you know? And they’re finishing high school. Well, guess we all are, but they’re actually going to school. And Alex already knows she wants to do medical school after, she’s applying for all these scholarships. Krissy’s getting it together. And I’m the old man with no ideas, nothing.”
“Okay.” He swallows, turning back to look at Cas instead of the mirror, to see the sharp focus in those blue eyes-- even when it’s not about sex, he gets so intent, his pupils so wide, always looks ready to devour him… “I mean, it’s… real good. You can do whatever you want to it.”
Jack is kneeling next to them now, eyes wide and wet, uncertain. Dean can feel Sam at his back, a moment of hesitation before there’s a firm, steady hand on his shoulder.
Dean shrugs. “Dunno. Never, um, never grew up around any animals… I get a little allergic to the fur, I think. Guess that’s not a problem here, huh?”
On Saturday, Dean walks Cas through making a couple of ham-cheese-and-spinach omelettes that don’t end in disaster, and they eat them out on the porch while watching the birds and the bees.
“I…” Cas swallows, closing his eyes. “I had a… a chemically-assisted first rut, when-- when I didn’t go into it naturally.”
“I am sorry-- I’m… trying to learn to cook. You’ve probably figured out just how disaster-prone I am in the kitchen by now. It’s… a lot of salads and peanut butter sandwiches, around here. I managed to burn spaghetti once, and… I grew up in an environment where I was not… expected to learn to take care of myself. To be fair, Gabriel wasn’t, either. Which is about the only fair thing I think you can say about the rest of our family… When we wound up on our own, it was…” He snorts, gesturing with his sandwich. “I do some pickling, and I’ve learned how to make a couple kinds of candy, mostly because my sister in law can be a very patient tutor… but it felt like it would be an imposition to ask someone to teach me to cook, the candies are business, really.”
“Then I’m gonna.” Dean tucks his face into the crook of Cas’ neck, laps at the scent gland once, twice, like he needs to get past the neutralizing effect of his soap. “You  know the job, and you know me… you and Jodes and Donna can’t all be wrong.”
“Hey, Cas, so what’s this about you holding the record on that obstacle course?” Dean asks quickly, cutting off Sam’s question to him about his life.
“You’ll do a good job. I may give you a hard time about being irresponsible, but you know… you know it’s… You helped me turn out decently-- and you know no one else in our family did. You’ll do a good job with a child of your own.”
“Dean. Look at me.” Cas’ voice is gentle, his hands are warm, and Dean wants to keep his walls up, but he can’t help himself. He can’t refuse him. “There… I understand… there have been times when my actions have broken the faith between us. To ask you to believe in me now when I am… less than what I was, is an enormous thing. To ask for you to have faith at all, when our creator has turned on us, when time and time again you have been asked so much of and repaid in pain, maybe that is too much. But I believe in you. I believe in us. All of us… I have faith. Not the faith I was made for. But the faith I was made for was shaken. This, this thing that I feel now? It may be the only solid thing.”
“I… had forgotten, tasting. Enjoying. It appears now that my body requires food, I find the process very enjoyable.”
“Oh, no, it’s going to be a natural birth.” Cas shakes his head. “Rowena has everything planed out.”
“Come.” He says, quiet and steady, and Dean would follow him into Hell, what’s he going to do, refuse to follow him through the bunker?
But… he could stay, later. When he runs the bath, when Dean gets into the bath, Cas might stay, and might look at him, or even touch him. Not without permission, but Dean is ready to give him permission.
Sam walks in through the other doorway and Cas flits off, leaving Dean standing there, aware that his brother is staring. Which is absolutely unfair, because Dean’s not the one who was hanging frigging mistletoe in the bunker.
It’s Thursday when Cas’ phone buzzes, Dean’s name-- and little seedling emoji-- lighting up his screen, and any calm he’s managed to regain over the last two days vanishes.
The first time Cas set a salad in front of him when they’d stopped for lunch, he’d thought he would hate it but he was hungry enough to eat it anyway, but he hadn’t hated it. The greens are still his least favorite part, he doesn’t think he’ll ever truly like uncooked spinach or kale. But… he’s learned that he likes spinach when it’s in a lasagna or an omelette, when there’s enough cheese and maybe some meat. He’s learned that he likes kale when it’s crisped up and hit with garlic salt, even though he refuses to admit it in front of Sam and puts on a show of complaining that kale chips aren’t chips and they only have them because he’s such a good and caring big brother.
“Hm? Oh, well… it’s not really-- Yes, thank you. It’s… Some days I need it and some days I don’t-- sometimes I have it just in case. When you met me, I was in a flare-up, but… I’m afraid my recovery isn’t linear.”
“It’s all right.” He moves to place himself in the other chair, between Dean and the source of the sounds-- and smells-- that have set him off. Down at the microbrewery’s booth, apologies and reassurances are being exchanged, glass is being carefully disposed of, but Dean’s in his own world and Cas isn’t sure how much of that is reaching him. The scent of distress from that direction is already clearing up, but Dean… “Dean, you’re safe here.”
“Yeah?” Dean uncurls, rises to his feet and stops the music, before coming to take the box off of Cas’ hands.
It’s not as bad as he feared, with the blood cleaned away. The bruises look less livid than he expected them to get. He still wishes he could have taken the beating on himself, but it’s heartening. And as he sings, Cas just… lets himself drift a little. Barely winces when Dean has to touch something tender. Lets himself be prodded to check for broken bones with only the slightest grunt of protest. Sighs, even, when Dean washes and dries parts of him that hadn’t been walloped to hell and back.
Set-up is something they’ve gotten good at, in the time they’ve been doing this together, and even with Tybalt’s supervision, it all gets erected quickly. Castiel sets Tybalt’s basket and travel food and water dish up beneath one of the tables, and hooks the leash to his folding chair, before he helps Rowena and Gabriel with setting out their wares-- jars of honey, of course, and the candles and balms Rowena makes with the beeswax and some of his herbs, but also some little confections and the last of the jams and pickles from the last year. It’s too early into spring to have much to offer on the fresh produce front, but he does have a couple small pots set out with vegetable starters, taken from overcrowded beds, and all in all it’s a promising start to the season.
Cas laughs. The puppets are definitely a quirk, but sometimes a helpful tool. Garth had not stooped to using the puppets with him, when he’d been getting some fairly intensive counseling, but the times that they’ve rescued small children, the puppets help. As something soft and friendly to talk to, or to talk through, or just to hold onto.
“I came to Earth as soon as I could, where is he?” He demands, before Sam can bring up testing him before letting him through. “Your brother prayed to me in unbelievable agony.”
“One on the house to get them hooked and then you’ve got to pay?” Cas raises an eyebrow, making Benny laugh.
Tybalt makes a predictable nuisance of himself, as Dean rubs camphor into the small of Cas’ back, his shirt pushed up just enough to allow for it. Dean has warm hands, pleasantly rough in the right way, strong and sure. A working man’s hands… Cas sighs and tries to relax. He wouldn’t call himself grateful for the intense pain, but if he has to say one thing for it, it makes it very unlikely that he’ll react inappropriately to Dean’s hands, no matter how good they are.
“Usually very light on unmated alphas. It’s-- I know I don’t instill the most confidence as a stalwart protector, but there’s nothing there you’d need protecting from, really. And you could... if it’s too much too fast, you can call Jody and I’ll take the rest of the day on my own. By the time I have to pack everything up again, Gabriel and Rowena should be able to join me.”
“Spoon-- So that we both fit in this bed, and don’t wind up breathing into each other’s faces all night, if we were facing the same way, would you rather be holding me, or like, me holding you, or…?”
“One of them.” Gabriel chuckles. “Yeah. Yeah, that’ll be weird. But it’s… I think it’s good. I don’t want to suddenly realize I lost my chance one day, you know? I want… I want us to have a family. We came from rough places, in our own ways, and we deserve this.”
“I’m awake.” He coughs, looking studiously into his coffee cup and hoping that was Sam’s ‘you’re the worst person before ten AM’ voice and not Sam’s ‘I need to know less about your sex life’ voice.
“Let him go!” Dean manages at last, hoarse, pushes himself off the ground. “Let him go, asshole, you need me to give you what you want? Let him go.”
Cas laughs, and does not point out that out of all of them, she’s the one with the most prior farm experience, the only one to have actually dealt with any part of the processing of any sort of livestock, and that while she’s protective of the flock of hens, she’s been completely unsentimental about the plan to dispatch of and eat any chicken that should happen to grow into a superfluous rooster.
“And don’t worry, he’s been in good hands.” Gabriel promises. He takes Cas’ arm just to offer a little balance as they cross the field. He hadn’t needed his cane, but uneven ground is a little harder to stay stable on, and even if he isn’t reliant on the help, he appreciates the comfort.
He’s known him so long now, how long… how long had Cas known, or suspected, that what he felt was love,
Dean doesn’t know exactly what his touch means to Cas, beyond the obvious, but he knows what Cas does for him, the unshakeable safety he finds in his arms and the peace that comes with feeling a steady heartbeat under his cheek or his ear, when he’s sprawled half on top of him. Cas is a side-sleeper, mostly, and he uses a careful arrangement of bedding to keep his hips and spine in alignment, but sometimes he likes to rearrange the nest that is their bed so that he can lie on his back and feel Dean’s weight press him down into the mattress. And they’ve figured out how to make Dean a part of that careful arrangement, too-- sometimes he’ll be flopped over on his stomach on his side of the bed and he’ll feel Cas throw a leg over his own, and that, too, feels safe.
Dean closes his eyes, as Cas traces his fingertips lightly over shoulder and collarbone, as he caresses his way up the side of his neck and along his jaw, and he only opens them again when Cas’ touch leaves him.
“Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, for asking me to come fill in, it’s… it’s good.” He nods, one eye cracking open just enough to look sidelong towards Cas. “I haven’t been
“I got rooms I remember, even if I’d rather forget ‘em.” He says, when he thinks Cas has closed his eyes. “So… you know. I get that.”
“I’m terribly sorry, I’m filling in for my brother.” He apologizes, when someone else is admitted and he doesn’t have a resume in front of him. “It looks like he didn’t get me your papers, but please have a seat, I’ll find them.”
“No. Not at all. I don’t know how he looked when he first came to us, but I do know he’s been putting on some healthy muscle, he’s gotten his color back… I really don’t mean to worry you in any way, about how you’ll find him. I’m not the expert, when it comes to that side of things, but he has had experts guiding his recovery-- people who specialize in healing from trauma, some of whom have been where he’s been, to some extent. He’s… I just want to assure you that healing isn’t a lonely process in a sterile environment. A lot of people imagine something like a hospital setting, and… that’s where most people start, but the goal is full, normal, lives. I… I very much hope that you finding us like this is going to help Dean along that path. He… he deserves that. The job is also yours, if-- if meeting with some of the team leaves you feeling like this is what you want to do. You still could help a lot of people. But… but of course Dean will be your first priority now, and… I just wanted you to know, the job is also yours, but you’d be free to take some time before starting.”
“Dean, I really need you to snap out of it for me.” Sam takes his shoulders, giving him one gentle shake.
Despite his earlier treat, Tybalt has a great interest in the box from the butchers, and the drive becomes a test of wills, with Gabriel holding the box in his lap and Rowena holding the cat in hers. His protests are vocal enough to make conversation not worth the bother, as he’s prevented from finding the chicken he knows to be near. Under the circumstances, Cas thinks swinging by Jody’s on the way home is a reasonable measure-- though the task of taking the box to the door is still pushed onto him. He’d have to get out of the truck anyway, if Gabriel were going to take it, without having to juggle a determined Tybalt.
“Mince, like… meat? Like a pie crust filled with meat?” Dean shoots his brother a betrayed look for having had meat pie without him. “I didn’t hear about that, was that good?”
Cas makes the mistake of looking over to Dean, as they pull into Jody’s drive, sees the softness of his smile and the green of his eyes, the gold of his freckles.
“If the scars ever really bother you-- physically or otherwise-- there are treatments that can minimize them, even when they’re not new.”
Jack settles at Cas’ other side, where he can stay close, where he can look to him frequently just to be reassured that Cas is there and doing fine, an impulse Dean understands well. Holding onto him, being able to lean into each other, it feels like it’s the tether keeping him this side of sane.
“My sweet boy…” Cas continues to pet at him, to help him sink down into the feeling of being his, protected.
“I was eating an apple when you called. I didn’t have anywhere to put it down.” He blushes fiercely at the inference. “I’m not-- I wouldn’t--”
“I was hoping we’d get this place. Wanted you to be around for the kiddos, you know? Call me soppy and hypocritically old-fashioned, but if I’m gonna be the one who’s preggers, I’m gonna want  another alpha around.”
He can’t look. He’d thought he could bring this up as a hypothetical first or something, but no, he gave Cas an ass-first view of the whole damn fetish.
“Dean…” Cas catches his hand. His grip is weak, but it holds Dean just the same. “We both get to be happy.”
“There…” He whispers, gives a sad little smile. Then, he scoops Dean up like he weighs nothing, and Sam hurries ahead to get the door to Dean’s room open, follows along and pulls Dean’s boots off as Cas gets him laid out on his bed. “He needs his rest.”
After a while, he lights a candle and dims the lights, and they continue the exploration of each other’s chests. Cas doesn’t dwell on Dean’s scars, neither of them seeks out anything sexual, but it feels good just to touch and be touched so intimately, with so much care. To be touched in ways he forgot were possible, at least for someone like him.
“I hope you find something.” Cas nods. A place that could be theirs… it could be a good investment, and they’d have the privacy that apartment living lacks, especially if they were in his area, where properties tend to be separated by swathes of land and curtains of trees. He might only have so much to call his own, but his neighbors to either side are set well away.
It’s not that he can’t-- it’s not that he wouldn’t! Dean’s also helped remind him how much he likes being around people, no matter how awkward he is with them. Outside the structure of the market, where he knows all the other vendors and knows what kinds of interactions can be expected, he still enjoys people. He’d still enjoy being in a position of offering someone… something. Security, whatever way he can provide it.
The look Cas gives him is grateful, almost worshipful, and Dean slips out of his robe, turns his back on Cas to hang it back up and lets Cas see.
“What do you do when you can’t… can’t protect someone, the way--?” He groans, head dropping into his hands, fluffy shredded bits of tissue getting in his hair as the larger torn pieces float to the carpet. “I don’t
. I won’t pretend it doesn’t bother me to think of how much you suffered, but… your life is so much more than that now, and I can’t let myself get lost in the past when we have the present.”
, exactly, you know… sometimes you want to think about something a little first, right? Figure it out real slow?”
“This is really disappointing.” Chuck clicks his tongue and shakes his head and telekinetically snatches Cas from ten feet away, swings him around from where he’d been creeping up from behind and slams him to his knees on the ground, between where he stands and where Dean is. “I mean, it’s like you guys think I’m
“You’re not supposed to apologize for getting your ass beat. Dammit, Cas, you-- you’re apologizing to me? When I’m the reason he pulverized you so bad?”
They’d be the only pack with three alphas, but… maybe that would work. They’d tackle things democratically.
There’s really not much else to worry about after lunch-- they wind up watching some game show, waiting for Jody to show up. It’s something Cas hasn’t seen before, some kind of guessing game more than one of knowledge or skill, and it’s clearly an old re-run, maybe a couple years older than he is himself. He does find he enjoys it, though, laughing as Dean relaxes slowly into shouting his own answers at the screen.
“I’ve never done this before. Felt… this, before. I… I told you about my previous experience with ‘therapy’, with Naomi. It… I’ve never-- My family wanted me to be more ‘alpha’, and if anything, they achieved the opposite. I have no idea how much is my own lesser inclination and how much comes from the… trauma, I’ve experienced. I’ve never been in rut, not really.”
“... I should say, I am not afraid that I put myself at undue risk by taking an active role in this plan. I am only afraid of seeing my family hurt-- of losing you. Making a plan where I can do something, to protect you, Jack… Sam? This is not something I am being pressed into, Dean, I gladly volunteer for the chance to save the world with you. And for you.”
“Hey… hey, don’t-- I wasn’t going to let anything happen to him. Granted, I didn’t expect him to drink himself into a coma when I left, or I wouldn’t have gone, he seemed… you know. It was hitting him hard, but he seemed okay. He wasn’t putting on an act for me-- I didn’t think he was putting an act on for me-- when he told me he wanted me to go out with Eileen.”
Male omegas, according to his father, weren’t marriage material. If you had one that you kept on the side, you’d take advantage of his heat cycle and legitimize any offspring as being through a ‘surrogate’, and he’d be his own child’s wet-nurse before handing it over to your wife because it would have a better life that way, as one of a rich alpha’s heirs… it would have been a disgusting enough way to look at a person even if one of his own sons hadn’t been essentially breeding stock by that token. If it hadn’t been for Lucifer, and then Castiel, Gabriel likely would have been brokered into surrogacy with another family in their social sphere. He’d have had the same comforts he was raised with, a place in a pack, with the same lack of freedom he’d always bucked against… he’d have had some measure of security, but he would have hated it.
Cas’ instruction had been simple-- While he was at the farmers' market with Sam and Jack, Dean was to do something for himself. Something just for him.
“We could even get another chair.” Cas adds drily, though the idea of Dean becoming a regular part of his Mondays is sweet and bubbly.
“Is this all right?” He asks, as he straddles Dean’s hips, a fraction of his weight settling against him. It makes him feel safe, having Cas over him like this-- not pinned down, or trapped, but protected, and he’s told him as much during cuddle sessions, but he’s not surprised to be asked again now.
At which point Sam really feels like this is, or should be, a more private reunion. But he should probably be the one to clarify something before he does bow out, because it’s just hit him what the real problem must have been.
“They Jerry Garcia fans?” Dean says, withdrawing a little into himself when Castiel doesn’t react correctly.
He winds up explaining his rotation system while they work, which crops need to be planted and harvested when, how he keeps seeds from his crops each year for the next time and how that makes the generations hardier and better suited to their environment, the purpose behind leaving the raised beds fallow some of the time and general soil health… Dean listens attentively, nodding when he comes to a self-conscious halt.
“How sore are you?” Cas asks, coming up to cup his jaw in one hand-- and he has perfect hands, so warm and so careful, and work-roughed from the garden… the opposite of the hands that used to touch him like a thing to be used, that used to hurt him. Cas is always so careful with him-- not too gentle, not like he thinks Dean will break, but careful, like he’s always gauging how much tenderness Dean needs, ready to be gentle or firm depending on the touch he needs.
Okay, Dean has opinions about dicks, Dean has strong opinions about dicks. Dicks other than his own. Lots of them.
“All right.” Cas sounds pleased, in a shy, surprised kind of way, and he gives Dean’s shoulders a squeeze before his hands fall away, so that they could move back to the bedroom.
“Oh-- right, right. Sorry. I’ve-- This is my first interview.” He manages to make himself look small, for all that he’s anything but. His youth helps with the puppy-dog-eyes apology, an odd tactic for any alpha, but especially one that would tower over Cas if they were both standing. But… one that might serve him well here.
Nervous, but he thinks normal people get nervous about the first time a lover sees everything. He thinks normal people still deal with insecurity, when they’ve got scars. And the idea of soaking his tired muscles is pretty nice…
“You’ll do great.” Jody adds, clapping him on the back. “You’ve got the all-time record holder to coach you.”
“You are my priority. I… I would like to act on that now. And… when my work is complete and things are running smoothly without me, I would like to… I would like to grow old, with you. Live out the rest of a mortal life. Know that when it’s over, something just as good waits for us, know that our family is going to be complete one day. Until then… we might try and have a little bit of paradise here on earth.”
With Sam making his exit, Castiel turns back to Dean, taking in ever detail of the man he loves. Drinking in the love that radiates from him now, a love he’d been so blind to.
“Unless you have something very surprising to tell me, I wouldn’t offer my opinion.” She arches a brow, gamely ignoring his answering groan. “It’s nothing to do with that. It’s just our sweet wee Gabriel happened to mention, as he was helping you with the garden…”
“Not just meat. But mostly it’s meat.” He nods, and he follows Dean into the kitchen, watching him unpack the box and set to putting everything away. “I don’t know-- If there’s anything you particularly like, I can pass along the request?”
“I always come when you call.” He smiles. The barest little uptick at the corner of his mouth, but on Cas, it speaks volumes. The warmth in his eyes, the unmasked adoration.
. More to the point, he’s known Cas so much longer, whatever they have, different as it is, is so much deeper, so much
“And then things will be right back to normal-- or what passes for it around here.” Rowena nods. “He’ll come ‘round for supper once he’s feeling up to it, we’ll have the first apple pie of the year. I do hear tell that’s a favorite.”
Sam is fretting right along with Cas, when Jody lets them know Dean’s down at the center taking up one of their heat rooms.
to recommend. When we work on this, it’s always going to be okay for the answer to be nope, not happening. And you’re always going to be in control. No harsh chemical ruts, and no pushing yourself to do something you’re not comfortable with because it suits someone else’s normal.”
“Dean. I’m not sure-- I never tended to him when he came here, so I don’t know when… I know he had it rough. He had a lot to work through, and he’s come a long way. But he’s kept himself shut away, where he hasn’t had to speak to anyone who wasn’t a…”
“Oh-- I was supposed to be showing you to the laundry.” Cas says faintly, he and Dean untangling from each other. He waves Sam in, coloring faintly under the look they’re being given.
, but she was… well, female. Which… You should know, I-- I’m not a very sexual person. And that’s probably-- I think we might both rather take some things slowly. But… the thing that matters to me isn’t that you’re an omega and I’m an alpha, it’s that you’re a man, and I‘m a man. I… I like that about you.”
The world is back. Chuck’s just a guy, doomed to what everyone, more or less, gets. Everyone’s okay, Bobby and Charlie and everyone,
“That’s really great, Dean.” Sam pulls him in even tighter for a moment. “I was so worried, after all these years, that… I don’t know what. But-- That’s just, really great. God, I need to call Bobby.”
“I don’t know what I want, Cas. Sure as hell don’t know what’s best for anyone.” He says at last, his voice rough and muffled. “What if he doesn’t want me?”
“You’d both do anything, for family. This family. The one he chose to be a part of. Brought Jack into. You’re both kind of… you know. Protective dad type. Self-sacrificing.”
“That’s good. That’s… was always afraid he didn’t get enough food to-- he was always late hitting his growth spurts, he was-- he was always little.”
“Behave.” She calls back over her shoulder, though there’s no expectation in her tone of his doing so.
