Dean snorted a laugh, lowering his head bashfully. “Aw, shucks, Cas. I’ve never been called a food god before.”
. Over the last few days the word felt like it had a new meaning. In the past, going home meant an empty apartment and sub-par take-out with Gabriel, reading the same books he’d already read over again before climbing into a cold bed. But now, home was something to look forward to. It was kisses and home-cooked meals, laughter and shared pillows. It didn’t matter that he and Dean split their time between their separate homes—it didn’t matter where they were at all. Home was anywhere. Home was everywhere. Home was wherever they were, as long as they were together. And Castiel couldn’t wait to get home.
here, you’re just putting us through hell—” Sam’s bellows rang through the house drawing Dean and Castiel out of the kitchen.
“Just Sam, actually,” Sam added, shaking Castiel’s hand in turn. “You must be Castiel.”
I'm so happy to *finally* be able to call this complete! Thank you all so much for all the kudos and comments! This story is my Baby and it's bittersweet to finally come to the end, so thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed all the fluff and feels!
Eileen gave him a wink and nodded.
“Alright, Cas, you do the driving,” Dean said, pushing a shopping cart in his direction. Castiel accepted it willingly, leaning forward on his elbows as he followed Dean through the aisles. “I’m thinkin’ burgers,” Dean said, looking around the produce section. “Ever made your own burgers?”
Castiel chuckled when they reached the empty lobby, stopping to turn toward Dean with amusement.
“Dad? What the hell are you doing here?” Dean sounded angry and Castiel couldn’t help but feel embarrassed. He felt like a teenager that had gotten caught sneaking into Dean’s window in the middle of the night.
“I love you, too.”
“Don’t worry about it, kid,” Dean said with a laugh of his own, leaning toward Jack just a little as he spoke. So what if Cas’s arm was pressed warmly against his side as he did so? Cas didn’t seem to mind, and Dean was comfortable. No big deal.
Sam rolled his eyes as he pulled a piece of paper from one of the canvas grocery bags slung over his arm. He held the flyer out to Dean who took it groggily and peered at it with one eye closed.
He turned his hand, intertwining their fingers. Dean’s eyes softened and Castiel smiled. Everything was green.
Dean’s cheeks turned pink at the thought. “I hope so.”
John gave him a small smile, pulled the door open, and headed out.
“Dean,” Cas sighed, barely audible over the storm that still enveloped them.
Sam and Jess had been spending most of their free time together since she arrived on Tuesday. After picking her up from the airport, they’d spent the evening catching up over Christmas cookies at Jess’s parents’ house. Sam divulged to her all the things that had haunted him over the last few years, and Jess had wrapped her arms around him in response. They’d fallen easily back into old habits like Jess holding onto Sam’s arm at his elbow as they walked together and Sam dozing off during a movie on the couch while Jess ran her fingers through his long hair.
“Dude, he put highlights in his hair,” Sam mused. He paused, considering how much he should divulge next. “His date with Cas, um, went
“I am not fragile,” Castiel groused when Donna had finally released her stranglehold. She was a lot stronger than she looked, he thought.
“Meg’s on her way,” Ruby stated without looking up from the text she was reading. Her face twisted with disapproval as she scrolled on. “Her date’s meeting her here.
“Shut up, Cas.”
He’d learned by now that Dean wouldn’t let him down, even if they did move a bit too fast. When they reached the landing, Castiel used his new key to unlock the door so Dean could kick it open.
Dean jumped visibly and Castiel had to hold back a snort of laughter.
When the doors to the elevator opened on his floor, Castiel was somewhat surprised to find Gabriel. “Why are you here?”
“What, Dean?!” he finally shouted angrily over the rain, pulling his wrist from Dean’s grasp. “What do you
“I—I mean, I don’t mean—I mean, yeah, unless you—I, uh—if you wanted—”
home. He didn’t date, he didn’t hang out anymore… and then… he met you. And it’s like…” She sighed and eyed Castiel as though she were studying him. “It’s like you reminded him how to live. It’s only been, what, two weeks? Cas, he’s a new man. He’s out of the closet. He stood up to his dad. He’s talking to his friends again. He’s
Charlie hopped up and pulled Dean and Cas into a hug. “You guys are gonna be fine. Just maybe don’t start making out at the dinner table and taking your clothes off in the kitchen, hm?” She grinned before she moved over to hug Sam tightly too. “And you… we’re gonna have a talk soon.”
"Oh, um... yeah," Jo answered, still in awe.
Castiel laughed at Dean’s outburst, leaning into his shoulder as he did. Jo covered her face with both hands in embarrassment, but quickly shifted gears. “So, you guys are looking awfully cute and cuddly. How’s the first date going?” She leaned forward on her elbows, resting her chin in her hands.
“Mmh, you haven’t met Dad yet, though. A little shopping to do first, huh? That why you didn’t join us for breakfast?” His knowing smirk was enough to make Dean drop his head and scrub a hand over his face.
At a loss for words, Dean nodded and hurried into the passenger side of his father’s pickup.
He’d barely gotten the words out before Dean had hurried off, dragging Castiel behind him by the hand. Sam rolled his eyes in amusement as they disappeared into the house. He made quick work of stacking the boxes and followed behind a few minutes later.
“I’m pretty sure this isn’t the best place for you to be right now,” Castiel said, standing off to one side. The man didn’t answer immediately, though his eyes surveyed Castiel as though trying to decide a plan of action.
“Hey, Charlie,” he greeted, but before he could continue, she cut him off.
Dean crawled forward, searching blindly. “Cas! C’mon Cas, buddy… please tell me you’re okay… Cas, please…” His concerned yell had dwindled into a whisper as he reached out for him. “Cas… c’mon…I need you.”
last night… Charlie, he’s been so happy this week. Happier than I’ve seen him in years.”
This was going to be the best bet he ever lost.
Castiel quirked a brow, amused. “Game night,” he repeated.
Castiel hesitated, but a voice came from the front door before he could respond.
“Fine—fine! We can go. But if I die, I’m coming back to haunt you both.” He pointed reproachfully between his brother and his boyfriend.
Castiel surveyed Dean’s face a moment before deciding to continue. “He’s kind. Charitable. He cares a great deal about his family. He visits his grandmother every weekend.”
They bumped shoulder as Cas slid beside him to wash his own hands. “A twist?”
“I’d love that.” Cas stepped forward, leaving a lingering kiss on Dean’s paralyzed lips before sliding into the passenger seat.
, Dean thought. After all, he had experience on the receiving end of a good blowjob, and he knew what
Castiel stared, watching as Dean carefully placed each pillow.
He grabbed Cas by the wrist and spun him around to face him. The rain had flattened his usually wild hair and his clothes clung to him. For a former angel, he seemed so small and Dean felt a rushing need to protect him from the harsh human world.
“Shut up, you like it.” Castiel could hear Dean’s smile.
This time he didn’t hold back the laugh as he typed out his response. Dean looked around the bakery, finally spotting Castiel at his table near the back wall just as he pressed send.
He had to admit that the look on Dean’s face was one of pure adoration, and it was reflected right back in Castiel’s. Even when Dean was with Lisa, before things went south, Sam had never seen him so enamored.
Sam huffed a laugh. Brady had been Sam's best friend until he tried hooking up with Jess behind his back. Dean had nearly beaten him to a pulp when he found out. Ruby glanced up, but said nothing.
“Come again, Charles. I didn’t catch that last bit there.”
Castiel arrived at his building just before dark. Dean would be coming to pick him up in just two hours. Usually Castiel was quite calm about first dates; he’d been on plenty of those. But he was less accustomed to second or third dates. And although they’d agreed that lunch at the hospital, coffee at the bakery, burgers at Dean’s, and the night they met at the bar were not
“Hello?”
deserved it.” Castiel had never seen Charlie angry, but he could see her hatred for John Winchester written all over her face. He could hear it in her tone. “He made Dean promise to look after Sam before he left them the first time—told him that Sam’s life depended on him. He was just a confused kid that had just lost his mom. And Dean being Dean, he managed for almost a year with John being mostly gone, but when he was about 15, he got caught stealing food. That’s when Bobby realized that John was M.I.A. so he started keeping an eye on them. Eventually he took them in. Even now, though, their dad—he’s got this way of getting in their heads! He had Sam convinced that he had to stay here for him, had to be the one to hold the family together, and that keeping the ‘Winchester tradition’ alive was the responsible thing for him to do.” She shook her head in anger. “Such
Cas’s fingers found solace in the back of Dean’s hair, holding him as he deepened the kiss. Dean melted into the heat of it, taking refuge in knowing that no matter what came of this sudden shift in their relationship, this was worth it. When their lips finally parted, neither moved away. They stood in one another’s arms; their foreheads resting together.
night they’ve spent together,” Sam added with a mischievous smirk. Dean shot him a half-hearted glare.
Dean and Sam followed their father down the stairs in silence except for the sound of their heavy footsteps on the old staircase. In the living room, Sam sat in his corner of the couch with folded arms, glaring at his father. Dean sat in his usual armchair and John sat on the closed recliner, scrubbing a hand over his face.
Cas—needed the closeness and the contact. He kissed Castiel’s shoulders while his thumbs traced the shape of those prominent hipbones. He guided them backwards toward the bed until they collapsed onto it. Dean pushed Castiel onto his back and slid his hands down the man’s smooth naked body to take hold of his erection.
Dean waggled his brows. “A few days to sow the seeds of love, eh Sammy?” He glanced quickly at Castiel looking for his reaction before grinning up at his little brother.
“Is that so?” Sam said, leaning forward on his elbows. Dean narrowed his eyes at the mocking tone.
Charlie hurried to her friend’s side, wrapping him up into a hug. “I knew it,” she said, and Dean could hear the smile on her face. “I’m so proud of you, Winchester.” She squeezed him tight before gripping him by the shoulders to face her. “Now, tell me everything.”
Using one hand while the other continued its trek up and down Castiel’s clothed shaft, Dean tugged at the button of his own jeans. Taking the hint, Castiel hastily unfastened them, sliding them down until Dean was able to kick them off. Castiel slipped his fingers under the waistband of Dean’s boxers, hesitating before pulling back from the freckled shoulder he was kissing to look for Dean’s reaction.
Once settled in a few hours later, Castiel felt much more at ease than he had in ICU. Now that he was in a private room, he was no longer limited to only two visitors at a time. Gabriel and Meg were perched on top of a small countertop that ran beneath the window. Chuck and Anna had taken up residence on a cushioned fold-out chair and matching ottoman. Dean had claimed the chair at Castiel’s side without challenge, and Castiel silently thanked his family for it.
Castiel tilted his head as he shrugged one-shouldered. “We
before. When I lived back home in Illinois, my dad loved cooking for us, so I never really learned how. Then I went to college and lived off cafeteria food and pizza, and now that I work at the hospital, it’s still pretty much cafeteria food and pizza.”
He looked like he could use at least another hour or two of sleep.
Sam raised his brows in confusion. “So? Go take a ride. Sounds like fun.”
The keys were dropped on the small table near the entrance, although from the sound of it, they’d slid onto the floor, and the door was kicked closed. They dropped their jackets on a chair, each too occupied with the other to be bothered with hanging them. They somehow managed to find the couch, both kicking off their shoes along the way. Castiel sank down on the center cushion as Dean climbed onto his lap, straddling muscular thighs and trailing warm, wet kisses down his neck.
“I hope it’s okay,” John began. “Dean came up with the name, and I have to say, it suits her. She was definitely
“What about my bike? Was—was it destroyed?”
He hadn’t realized what he’d said until Sam wandered back through the kitchen doorway carrying a take-out menu. “Cas? As in Castiel? From the Roadhouse last night?”
Castiel smirked and obliged, washing his own hands before standing at Dean’s side as he opened the packages of ground beef and dropped them into the bowl. He pulled out a few containers of spices from a rack above the stove, dumping in generous amounts without measuring. Then, without warning, he grabbed Castiel’s hands and shoved them down into the meat.
Gabriel was immediately at Dean’s shoulder. “Cassie? Buddy? You in there?”
Dean slept more peacefully than he had in quite a long time. The sun was fully up and streaming through the gauzy curtains by the time he groaned into consciousness.
“…good to see you’re awake. I’m Dr. Hendricks. You were in an accident today. Can you tell me your name?”
After meeting Ellen last weekend, he had learned that Claire was her niece, but he hadn’t even considered that, at the very least, she’d probably
Castiel could hear the weak hope in Dean’s voice. “I hope you’re right, Dean. But even if you’re not, we’ll get through it.”
“Ohhh, yes,” he laughed as he slid off of his perch. “Get ready, big boy!”
, he scolded himself.
He paused to smile at the picture he’d taken of Castiel cooking breakfast in Dean’s t-shirt. His heart filled with happiness every time he looked at it. Hell, it happened every time he looked at Cas. He danced around a thought that he wasn’t quite ready to admit to himself yet, though this particular thought had been sneaking into the forefront of his mind more and more often lately. He let out a sigh and rolled his eyes at himself. Checking the time again, he decided that he’d just head in to work early because he couldn’t sit around any longer.
“I—I don’t know what he heard. I didn’t know he was standing there,” Sam said quietly, more to himself than to anyone else. “But he just left. He was already pissed at me, and then I—,” he scrubbed his hand over his face.
He stopped at a table in the dining room to carefully arrange the food containers in his bag when he noticed Meg and Gabriel. There was another man at the table with them, and Dean’s stomach dropped into his feet. He’d never seen the man before, but there was no doubt in his mind about who it was. In fact, the first thought he’d had since Anna had arrived was that it was only a matter of time now until he’d cross paths with Castiel’s dad.
"I know where I have and haven't been and it sure hasn't been the closet like you." Cas muttered, burying himself in his book.
"Why are you here, you should be in class." Cas said is a tone as cold as the coming snow and Dean's heart broke.
"Now that's not fair. I just wasn't in the mood!"
Cas took it hesitantly and opened it. It was a holographic bookmark that changed from Harry Potter to Draco Malfoy.
After class Cas tried to get out as fast as possible, but Dean managed to catch him.
"Awesome." Dean gave Sam a fist bump before turning to Cas. "Ready?"
"Cas?" He said nothing. "I can see your shadow under the door."
On the practice field, the cheerleaders had just finished practice. Meg, Ruby, Bella, Lilith, and Lisa were who he recognized, but- more importantly- he saw Castiel sitting in the bleachers trying and failing to focus on a book instead of Dean.
Cas took off his shoes and sat on his bed with his knees to his chest. He was tired; not physically but emotionally tired. Dean sucked. Winchesters sucked. Hell, all boys sucked. Cas just wanted to sit alone in his room in silence forever, but of course he wouldn't get to. There was a knock on the door.
"You weren't in chem." Dean said, almost asking.
Dean took a second to process what Cas said, but when he did, he looked angry and pulled Cas with him to an empty part of the hall. The moment they were alone, his face changed to sadness.
They wanted him to sit out next weeks games to make up for plastering centerfolds onto the Biology classroom ceiling.
"Calm Me By Your Name," Dean asked and Cas just glared at him over top it. "I know I was an asshole, Cas and I'm sorry. I'm not making excuses about how my dad raised me or anything. I'm just sorry."
When Cas opened his eyes, they met with the forest green of summer trees. He saw what use to make him wonderfully happy but like fall, the green's warmth was gone from his mind and replaced with cold.
"Ok Dean. Do you want to start with Algebra two, Bio, or US history?" Cas asked, sitting next to Dean.
"So I was thinking, since I'm not playing tonight, how 'bout we watch it together. It doesn't have to be a date or anything-"
"Hey Dean, what do ya say we have a private practice tonight?" She says, trying to push her chest out as much as possible.
"Not now Lisa." Dean made it to the locker room and closed the door in her face.
"You're always in the mood Dean."
Cas felt the bleachers shake and looked to his side where Dean had just sat.
"Mr. Winchester, I see you enjoy your time in the office since you seem to be asking for more. Now be silent." Mr. Roman glared at Dean, he hated him.
"He's mad at me."
In his dresser was his favorite blue sweater and a flannel shirt Dean had given him after Ruby had dumped soda on him.
"The Hell? Of course I like it! It's you," Dean rolled his eyes, giving Cas a small package.
The next morning Cas woke up to a knock on the door and flowers behind it.
"Since I live in one place and I'm not just going to have to move every 3 months." Dean was starting to get irritated. What right does Castiel have to act like he knows why Dean does things? He doesn't have a clue about what Dean's life was like.
"Clothes," Cas said, confused.
"Not now Lisa. I need a shower."
"Dean, look. I got a hundred on my Latin test." Sam showed his brother the test proudly.
"It's fine, Dean. You don't like me, I get now. Just leave me alone if you hate me for liking you that way. You'll get a new tutor and-"
Cas rolled his eyes and brushed his teeth.
"No joke!"
Of fucking course that's where it was. Dean was tired of Gabriel bullshit pranks on him.
way."
Dean took a deep breath and stomped his way to the track around the football field. When he got there, a saw a small figure sitting under a tree a few yards away and then he knew where he was going.
"Hey Cassie," Gabriel said as he walked over with Sam with him, "is Dean in there?"
Dean groaned and left. He was half tempted to ditch class, but remembered that a certain blue eyed boy was in his current class. With a grin, he waltz into finance 101 with Mr. Roman.
Dean jumps up and smirks at Cas, making him blush.
"Fine. This clears my record, right?"
"Or maybe we should talk about how you turned down sex with Lisa to spend time with me, Mr. I'm straight." Castiel says with annoyance. "Algebra, biology or history, Dean"
"Oh nothing, just asking if sweet cheeks over here enjoyed my work in the Biology room." Dean smirked evilly as Cas hid his face in his hands.
Feeling stiff from sitting on the floor, Castiel twisted his body, stretching his back and shoulders before standing. Dean’s eyes followed him as he paced around the room, admiring the framed photos on top of an old wooden dresser. He smiled at a picture of two young boys, clearly Dean and Sam as small children, holding sparklers as a young John Winchester smiled beside them. In the next frame was a pretty blonde woman in a flowered sundress. Castiel saw Sam’s eyes when he looked at the woman, but her expression, a sly and perhaps mischievous smirk, was all Dean.
“I should finish packing up these books,” Castiel said, sitting himself on the edge of the bed before Dean had to ask him to stay behind. “I’ll be right here,” he said reassuringly. He gave Dean a meaningful look and a slight nod, trying to wordlessly tell him that he should at least hear John out.
The shop was larger than he expected it to be. He wandered through rows of knick-knacks and novelties, and he browsed shelves filled with colorful toys. A cute stuffed bee with curly antennae caught his eye and when he picked it up, he smiled at the words “Bee Well” embroidered onto its wing. He tucked it under his arm as he moved on to peruse a spinning tower of cards and envelopes.
There was a fire behind Dean’s eyes that felt as though it were boring into Castiel’s soul. After a pause Dean leaned in close enough to lightly rub his nose against the side of Castiel’s.
“Easy, there. He’s still a little fragile,” Dean finally said with a pat on her shoulder to distract her from her current grip around Castiel’s neck.
Dean opened a drawer and tossed Charlie a bottle of Advil. “Yep.”
“Yeah, what was that about?” he asked keenly. Sam gave him a pointed look and Dean finally rolled his eyes and nodded. “Okay, well, yeah, I know exactly what it was about, but I mean… I’ve never heard him talk like that before.”
“No, definitely not,” he admitted, leaning back into the soft leather of the Impala’s seat. “But you—you're all... bright and shiny.”
, Castiel thought to himself, amused and enjoying the way Dean sounded saying his name, even if it was a shortened version that the man had adopted.
Cas sat staring at the empty doorway curiously, wondering what on Earth Dean was up to.
Dean chuckled.
Without answering, Castiel stepped closer and wrapped his hands around Dean’s waist. He pulled him closer and kissed him, and Dean felt like he was vibrating with electricity. The kiss was slow and hot, and his hands found themselves on Castiel’s chest, fingertips brushing along his collarbone. Their bodies pressed against one another, and Dean relished every point of contact. Castiel’s hands felt strong on Dean’s back; his chest was firm and solid, broader than Dean—such a different feeling from the fragility of a woman; his lips were soft, eager and welcoming, pressing against Dean’s own as though they were made to fit together. He could feel Castiel’s body responding just as his own did, and the hardness of growing erections brushing together in their jeans.
With his eyes still shut and his walls quickly crumbling, Dean whispered back. “Come with me.”
“You’re a good man, Cas,” Dean smirked, as he leaned back into the cushions again, not bothering to move back to his end of the couch.
“So, my fridge really is empty right now,” he said before asking in exaggerated seriousness, “How do you feel about grocery stores?”
Dean shot a quick glare at Gabriel, but Chuck only looked him up and down, verifying the statement.
Before he knew it, his collection had gotten a bit out of hand.
Dean sunk into the chair beside the bed, reeling at the sight.
They didn’t make it more than a couple of steps before they were wrapped up in one another again. They clawed and pulled at shirts, dropping them along the way as they stumbled toward the short hallway just beyond the kitchen.
,” he hissed in Castiel’s ear, “Please.”
“I don’t think anyone really gets it.” Sam chimed in when he returned to pass out the beer. He gave Dean a raised brow and a knowing look, nodding at how close he and Cas were sitting. “Leave some room for Jesus, huh guys?” he teased.
“Hey, uh, you guys hungry?” Sam asked, finally remembering the reason he was standing there. “There’s a diner a couple buildings down. My treat.”
“She’ll survive the night,” Dean answered through a mouthful of sandwich.
“Oh! Hey!” Charlie grinned as he stepped aside to let them in from the rain. She looked around, as she hauled her bags onto the kitchen island beside a stack of pizza boxes. It appeared that Castiel was there alone. “I didn’t see any cars in the driveway, wasn’t sure anyone was here. Where’s Dean?”
“Um, hey, Sammy,” Dean responded nervously as he sat across from his brother. “We—I… wanted to talk to you about something.” Cas set Dean’s coffee in front of him before settling beside him.
“I should get inside to my husband,
The brothers made their way inside, kicking off their boots at the door and slumping down in their self-assigned seats, Sam at one end of the couch with feet crossed on the old coffee table, Dean on the armchair opposite a matching recliner. The recliner was where John sat, though on most days it held little more than coats.
“I still don’t get it,” Jack said, squinting at the screen as though if he looked at it hard enough the meaning would come to him.
With his teeth brushed, his face washed, and his hair flattened, Dean ambled down to the cafeteria for some coffee. He was pretty familiar with the place by now, so after he poured his coffee, he made a beeline to the warming cabinet tucked in the corner where all the good stuff was hidden. He grabbed two bear claws—one for himself and one to bring back to Castiel. They weren’t as good as Donna’s, but they were better than most of the crap that passed for food around here in the morning. With Sam’s ever-present voice in his head nagging him to eat better, he grabbed a container of sliced fruit and yogurt for balance and paid for his breakfast.
As Castiel stepped outside, he headed toward the bench that he’d sat on the first time he’d ever seen Dean. Tonight, however, the bench was occupied by a man in a thick leather jacket. He recognized him immediately and supposed that it was the eggnog that gave him the courage to continue his path.
Bobby cut him off, “To what? Give the boy some good advice?” The air in the room grew heavy with tension.
Castiel wondered how a touch so barely there could make him feel so much.
Cas tilted his head slightly, waiting for Dean to continue, but instead the hunter leaned forward, tucking his hands inside of Castiel’s trench coat, not for the first time, wrapping his hands around his waist. He planted a long sweet kiss on familiar lips. “Love you, Cas.”
“Give them some time,” she said. “You don’t want to go back there yet.”
Then he met Jesse and Cesar.
“He’s gonna be okay,” Dean answered. “He’s awake. Wants pie.”
“Is this your mother?” he asked.
Dean could feel the warmth of Cas’s back facing his own, and while distracted by his drowsy thoughts, he’d inched ever so slightly closer to the center of the bed. Cas, apparently, had done the same thing because they were suddenly pressed back to back. Both tensed momentarily, but when neither moved to recreate the space between them, they slowly relaxed, letting their weight meet in the middle as they drifted off into sleep.
Dean before or that she would be at the party tonight, though it seemed like there weren’t many people that
Sam leaned his head out of the door. “And this isn’t a real car?”
“Oh, no,” Castiel pleaded, holding his hands up in surrender, “No, please don’t.”
“It’s perfect,” he breathed, still in awe.
“Then, as long as I live, I’ll never stop kissing you.”
Castiel couldn’t wait to get home.
“Dean? What are you—”
“Is that Castiel?” the voice repeated.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Cas wants us to take a ride on his bike tomorrow.” His tone made it clear that he thought that this was a terrible idea.
Castiel hid his smile behind his own helmet before starting the engine. It had been a few weeks since the last time he’d ridden, but the noise and the vibration were familiar and welcoming. He eased into motion and Dean’s hands gripped tightly at his sides. As they carefully pulled onto the road, Castiel guided the bike toward his favorite two-lane highway with Dean snug against his back.
“For what, Sam? What can I say to him? If he could have—if he had
It felt like hours before he finally turned onto the street where Dean lived, but just ahead of him was a pair of familiar taillights. He skidded into the driveway behind the Impala, quickly following his son toward the steel staircase.
Castiel looked to Dean, curiosity in his eyes.
“Cas… I’m so sorry. I—I should have been there, I shouldn’t have agreed to go see Lisa, I shouldn’t have let you go…” He buried his face in his hands, leaning forward to touch his head to Castiel’s hand. He was on the downside of his adrenaline rush and the onslaught of guilt and fear were drowning him now.
“Dean, I have some dough chilling in the refrigerator. There’s filling just over there,” Ellen gestured at a bowl of cherry filling waiting on an empty section of counter, “you boys go on and assemble those pies for me, hm?”
“What? No. Calm down, geez. It’s just—,” he sighed. “My dad’s back,” he said solemnly. “And he’s being, well, his usual self. Thinks I’m an ungrateful asshole. Dean hasn’t said a word since he got here.”
Castiel kissed him quiet. “Boyfriend,” he confirmed. They beamed at each other until Castiel finally reminded Dean that he still had to get home.
Dean bit his lip before giving a one-armed shrug and ducking his head a bit. “I figure Cas doesn’t have the bike anymore and we’ll be living together, so…” He trailed off, turning his eyes back to Castiel. “Makes sense.”
With another roll of his eyes, Castiel shoved Gabriel into the hallway, closing the door behind him.
Dean straightened as he slammed the trunk closed. “I, uh—we didn’t make any plans or anything, but—I dunno.” His hand rubbed the back of his neck. It had been a nervous tell of Dean’s since he was a kid, but Sam didn’t need the tell to know that there was an internal struggle going on in his brother’s head.
“I can give you a ride,” Gabriel offered.
Dean’s heart was racing. It wasn’t his first kiss; hell, he’d kissed plenty of girls. And yeah, it was his first kiss with a man, but that wasn’t why his heart felt like it was humming like the wings of a hummingbird. It was because
“Slow down, honey,” Missouri said, her voice patient and soothing. “The doctors are running some tests to see if he needs to be taken in for emergency surgery. Are you a relative?”
thought Sam.
The pair sat side by side in quiet contemplation on the stairs for what felt like a long time. For Castiel, the day had so far been bittersweet. While he was definitely interested in the man that sat nervously beside him, Dean’s confession changed things. Castiel had been worried that the man was straight, but being in the closet wasn’t much better. Deciding to proceed with caution and refusing to allow himself to be hurt in that way, he turned to Dean.
“Dean, I don’t want to make the same mistakes he did. I want to be there for him. I don’t want to be that person that just stands by and watches him drowning. He needs us right now. He’s making the effort… I want to give him the chance. I"m not saying forgive and forget--I just want to, I don't know... move on.”
Dean returned his grin and leaned down to squeeze his hand. “Me either, sunshine.”
“It’s fine,” he repeated to himself as he headed home. “Just fine. Fine, fine,
“Yeah, that Mrs. Beale seemed pretty shady.” Dean shifted on the bed to get more comfortable. If he happened to have leaned a little toward Cas, well, it was just because he was listening intently. “Ooh, what’s up with Johnny Drake?”
“Oh. Yeah, I, uh, met Anna earlier.”
Almost lost in the downpour, Dean spotted a Cas-shaped figure moving down the driveway. He didn’t hesitate. Instead, he jogged off into the storm. Cas had gotten a decent head-start, but after a few very wet minutes Dean caught up.
While they waited, Castiel and Ellen chatted about his family and his work at the hospital, happily discovering that Ellen knew his favorite patient Jack through her niece, Claire. Dean stood quietly at the counter, watching them share stories. Castiel threw occasional glances his way, and the fondness on Dean’s face grew with each look.
“Alright, Sammy,” Dean nodded with a smile. “Congratulations. When’s moving day?”
“Sam, hey, are you okay?” He smiled. Even though her voice reflected worry, it soothed him.
“Good. Well, I, uh… I guess I’ll see you in a little while for game night, then.”
Dean’s brows were pinched in a hard, straight line as he let the information sink in. Surely, hearing that Ellen and Bobby were helping their father gave the news a little more merit. They remained quiet until Sam pulled the Charger into the driveway and killed the engine.
Confused, Dean tilted his head. “What is it, Cas?”
Dean looked down at the keys in his hand. “I didn’t want you to worry about it, Cas. I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want—I didn’t want you to think it mattered, because it doesn’t. And when I thought I might lose you—I…” He let the sentence drop and they locked eyes. “Lisa wanted me to leave you. Told me I was done
“Yeah, sunshine, I got your pie. I’ll bring you some when I come back in a few hours.”
. He wanted to run to the man, but also knew that he probably shouldn’t. Just looking at Dean was both confusing and settling, somehow, and he didn’t understand it. He didn’t understand any of it. The colors were blinding.
“Thank you, Bobby.”
Gabriel disappeared back inside with a smirk as Dean caught up to Meg. Neither acknowledged the other, but they walked silently down the stairs together. They continued through the lobby and out the front door side-by-side before Dean finally broke the silence.
“Get dressed.”
“So, who’re we telling we’re gay?” she asked, having overheard the boys talking while she walked up. She thought Dean would have seen her approach, but he’d seemed oddly lost in his own head.
Dean heard giggles from the direction of the couch but ignored them as they finally made it through his bedroom door, and he kicked it closed behind them. The lamp on his nightstand flooded the bed with a warm light as the pair made their way toward it, shedding the rest of their clothes as they went.
When Dean reached him, he immediately turned, pinning Castiel to the wall.
“This is Castiel,” Jack said, gesturing toward him. Apparently, Jody needed no further explanation as her smile widened.
“Dad’s.”
“Eventful, huh?” Jo gave Charlie a curious look, but the redhead steeled herself.
When that torturous shirt finally fell to the bed, Dean sat up from between Castiel’s knees to mouth at his stomach and chest. He felt gentle hands cradling his neck and fingers finding their way into his short hair, sending little sparks of electricity down his spine.
Dean’s optimism was infectious. Castiel gave the slightest nod. “Okay.”
“It is,” Castiel confirmed, “but there isn’t much of a story yet. Keep practicing and I’ll give you an update next week. You’re making progress, Jack. I’m proud of you. Keep working on your balance, okay?”
“Apple turnovers,” he explained with a grin. “They’re basically pie-to-go.” He was pleased to see Castiel smile, exchanging a kiss for the bag as they headed out of the apartment.
Every morning, Dean found himself at Castiel’s side until those blue eyes opened unto the world. They didn’t speak about this new routine, and Dean would vehemently deny it, but this was easily his favorite part of the day.
.” He felt himself getting emotional, the gratitude and love for these people bubbling to the surface. He looked around at them all, recalling all the little things that they’ve done, things that had changed his life.
Castiel ducked his head down a little to catch Dean’s green eyes with his blues. “I’d love to come to dinner, Dean.” Dean nodded in relief.
“I’m sure the promise of a blowjob in the kitchen had nothing to do with it,” Castiel said with a disbelieving smirk.
Dean held his hands up to stop him. “It’s fine, Sam.”
“’Course,” Dean responded, “You said you’d have work for me in the kitchen, unless you wanna issue a reprieve.” He gave her a winning smile and she chuckled, swatting at him with a dish towel.
“Y’know, just because I sleep with them… that doesn’t mean they’re what I’d call ‘my type,’” Dean rattled on, determined to set Castiel straight. “I mean, I have standards. Besides, they don’t even really know me. They just see me as this mysterious stranger that they’ll never see again and I—”
Gabriel waved his brother’s exasperation off. “So, tonight’s the night with Dean-o, right? Should I wear my noise-cancelling headphones?”
“—yep, looks like at least a couple of busted ribs. We’re gonna do everything we can to get you comfortable, but for now I just want you to relax.”
Without speaking, he took Dean by the hand, leading him into the bedroom.
When Dean reached across the table and covered Cas’s hand with his own, he was blinded with emotion again.
Sam chuckled pointing toward the front door of their childhood home. “Yeah, unless you wanted some coffee and pancakes first. Jess is inside making breakfast.”
Sam asked, signing since reading lips would be tough at this angle.
twenty minutes later.
“Dean Winchester," Dean offered, shaking Castiel’s hand in greeting, “and Sasquatch here is my little brother, Sammy.” The man’s hands were strong, but gentle, and Dean felt silly for thinking such a thing.
“I’m definitely still drunk,” said the muffled voice under the blanket.
“First my Batman mug, then my shirt, my soap, my holster, my
Getting settled in together was easy. As it was, Dean hadn’t left Castiel’s side in over a week, but he found that he didn’t want to. Dean had initially worried that sharing a space had sounded good in theory but would be a regret once they were home. But every time he looked at Castiel he was overtaken by a fresh wave of happiness that quickly washed away any doubt.
“Huh? Yeah, yeah. No, I’m good. I just—I wanted to talk to you about something.”
He ignored the call and laid the phone on the table. Turning his attention back to Lisa and doing his best not to explode, he growled out a response. “What the fuck are you talking about? Experimenting?”
“Yeah, man. Try one,” Dean answered. Before he could wonder what on Earth made him do it, he picked up a piece between his thumb and forefinger and brought it to Castiel’s mouth.  Cas didn’t hesitate to take it, his lips just barely touching the very tip of Dean’s fingers, and the sound that he made… well, Dean secretly didn’t hate that either.
“Anna Novak, Dean Winchester. Dean, this is my sister, Anna.”
“Let’s, uh, not mention this to Sammy either, huh?” Dean said, only half serious.
are going to be ready to host game night.”
“I won't complain, but I can see how that might make for awkward dinner conversation,” he chuckled. “The drive over might be a little difficult, too.”
“That’s awesome, Sammy.”
Sam didn’t answer but nodded slowly as he opened the door to carry his thoughts home with him.
“We’re going out tonight, yes, but we’ve seen each other several times this week already,” he answered casually, choosing to ignore the second question.
, but—I don’t know—he’s just easy to be around.” He felt his cheeks start to go hot. “And it’s weird talking about it with my little brother.”
Cas chuckled and Dean’s chest swelled with the sound of his enjoyment.
he thought
Sam exhaled, touching his forehead anxiously. “That’s, uh—that’s mine.” John frowned but had no further interest in the vehicle.
He painted the warding sigils with a quiet confidence. He’d be trapped inside this abandoned warehouse as long as the sigils were there, trapped and powerless, but the rest of the angels would be locked out. They didn’t understand. They thought he was broken—a defect that needed fixing.
The sky was a dusky pink when the bike pulled into the spot labeled 3C. The air had gotten colder as the sun descended and Dean shivered as he removed his helmet. He looked around the parking lot, and while it was gated and secure, it offered little protection from the elements.
Castiel seized the opportunity and swung his leg over Dean’s lap, settling on his thighs. Dean looked surprised for a moment but wrapped his arms around Castiel’s neck pulling him down into a warm, slow kiss. When they finally separated, Castiel straightened to stare into those green eyes—those
She rolled her eyes, but changed direction to follow Dean into the parking lot. They stayed quiet for much of the drive, with the exception of Meg’s directions. Once they’d turned into her neighborhood she let a little smirk flit across her face.
“I’m not worried about the fucking bike,” Dean bit at him. If he had to take his frustrations out on someone, he figured his dad probably deserved it anyway. John’s attention remained on the road.
“Yes, sir?”
“Wow,” Sam remarked with a small laugh. Dean threw an annoyed glance at Meg who was now flirting with a stout man in an expensive suit.
“And you didn’t tell anyone?” Sam asked mirthfully.
“Wait!” Dean waved his hands to stop her. “Please keep in mind that Jo is like a sister to me before you start spilling details.”
Jo’s expression turned stony as she stepped a little closer. “Know
Dean was slowly waking up, now, squinting his one open eye toward the newcomer. “Huh?”
After a few more minutes of painful small talk, the infamous Meg finally walked through the door. Much like her sister, she was small and dark haired, with a sullen look about her. Just behind Meg stood the man that Dean had shared a laugh with in the parking lot. He had apparently been waiting in the late November chill for Meg this whole time and that already made Dean like her even less.
When they finally left the bar, Charlie tugged Dean off to the side as everyone said their goodbyes in the parking lot. “We need to get together for lunch, Winchester,” she demanded.
John rubbed the back of his neck. “I know it doesn’t change anything... but since I met Castiel, I've realized that you boys are just… just doing fine without me. And I realized that you’ve been fine without me for a long time—”
Jess laughed. “Don’t be jealous, Sam. You’re crashing on his couch. Let them have their alone-time while they can.”
Sam gave Jess all the details of the night and of his ongoing efforts in reapplying to Stanford. He’d been in contact with the school and there was a chance that his previous acceptance combined with the classes he’d been taking as a part-time student could help him with his scholarship applications if he could take on a few extra classes in the spring term.
Dean ducked his head in laughter, coming out of whatever fog he’d been in. “Does she know that she wants you yet?”
When she finally released him, Dean rubbed his neck. “Well, he’s still pretty busted up and he’s got some more tests and stuff to go through.” He pointed a thumb at Gabriel, “Cas and Gabe are banishing me from the hospital until the tests are done, so uh, I’m gonna need a ride home.”
Dean was halfway through the second sandwich by the time John finished cleaning up. He turned to lean against the counter as he watched Dean eat.
Castiel was still in shock as he watched Dean’s contribution to the nest. “Dean—you don’t have to—I didn’t think—”
“Yep. Cas Novak, meet Mary Winchester.” He let out a quick deflating sigh. “She would have loved you.”
, Castiel thought. But as the evening progressed he felt Dean relax and though he wasn’t sure if he’d just imagined it,
Sam shuffled into the kitchen and called, “Hey, you hungry? Wanna get burgers or something?”
Dean leaned playfully against Castiel’s shoulder as he laughed, attempting to regain his composure.
“But Dean, I don’t have—”
Dean grinned. “Your place or mine?”
He turned toward the voice to find a tall handsome man in blue scrubs, flipping through the chart that had been hung near the entrance of the room.
“I mean, I don’t want the details or anything—
“Don’t worry ‘bout it, buddy. Just that, uh, personal space thing we talked about a while back,” Dean said shortly, wanting to move as far away from this conversation as he could get.
As the night came to a close, Sam slipped into the backseat of the Impala, insisting that Castiel take the passenger seat up front. He felt the weight of tension slipping back over his shoulders as he wondered whether his father would be at his house. Probably not. But when, then, would he return? He wondered if he ever would. They were halfway home before Dean’s voice pulled Sam out of the whirlpool of his own thoughts.
“I, uh—,” he looked to Dean and lowered his voice, “Dean, I’m here for you, no matter what. But if you’re not ready to—”
When he came to a shelf of ceramic figures, he paused. There was a large statue on the center of the top shelf—an angel with beautiful white wings slumped over and weeping. He thought of all the people that had been in this shop before him, of all the patients that hadn’t been as lucky as Castiel. It was a lucky twist of fate that Castiel was still here at all.
He hummed along as he collected bottles of soap and towels, tossing them in a bucket, and by the time he was hosing the suds off the hood, he was bouncing back and forth on the balls of his feet, shaking his hips to the rhythm of
to find some hand soap and towels and cleaned themselves up before heading back downstairs. The diner had a classic ‘50’s vibe with red vinyl booths and a checkered floor. They slid into a booth and pored over their menus.
he realized
“Well, he
, he concluded.
Castiel Novak was not a morning person. He slapped his phone as his alarm sounded on Sunday morning, covering his head with his pillow. He didn’t always work on Sundays, but today happened to be his turn in the rotation. He finally hauled himself out of bed and lazily pulled on his scrubs after the second alarm before dragging through the rest of his morning routine. He was still feeling groggy when he threw on a warm fleece jacket with the hospital’s logo and grabbed his messenger bag as he left the apartment.
There, they sat in a cozy curved booth. Castiel worried that Dean would shy away from touching in public, so when they first sat down, he made sure to leave a gap between them. However, the space quickly grew smaller and smaller until they were shoulder-to-shoulder and knee-to-knee. Dean suggested some of his favorite entrees and they ordered a variety of dishes to share between them. Castiel found Dean’s enthusiasm for food endearing and was surprised when he even reached over to feed him a bite of brownie à la mode from his own fork.
brave.” Castiel could feel the anger bubbling in him, and he knew that he should stop, but he couldn’t stop himself.
On the eighteenth morning, when Dean slipped into the room, there was a creak of springs. Castiel had shifted to one side of the bed, still curled under his blankets. With eyes still closed, he patted the space beside him. Dean hesitated for a moment.
Dean scowled at Castiel’s grin, but eventually rolled his eyes in defeat. “Yeah, okay. I’ll meet her. But dude, you definitely need to get a car one of these days.” He sent a quick ‘OK’ to Lisa and dropped his phone back into his pocket without waiting for a response.
He stomped the gas pedal, wanting nothing more than to get out of this car and lock himself inside his home and hide from the world for a while. It only took a few minutes before the Impala was kicking up the gravel of his driveway and he was hurrying up the steel stairs.
John’s returns always weighed heavily on the brothers, but this time felt different. Sam had finally made up his mind and decided to take back his life, but why did it feel like he had to betray his father to do it? And Dean—Dean had just stepped onto a brave new path. He didn’t want to see his brother crawl back into the shell he’d been living in for the last two years now that he’d finally found himself. It was all new, but it was already clear to Sam that Cas was good for Dean. Cas made him happy.
… but… they’re just gonna have to deal with the fact that I’m not taking my hands off this ass for the rest of the night.” Castiel barely managed to hold back a laugh as Dean gave his ass a squeeze.
“That’s because I’m never leaving it.”
Castiel squinted, searching for his voice. “Cas-Castiel. Novak.”
Dean answered with a wink. “I know, sunshine.”
He felt silly, like a teenager with his first crush, like he could just
Castiel leaned forward to kiss Dean sweetly on his lips. “I told you—whatever happens, you’ve got me.”
“Sam?” Ellen’s voice sounded concerned. She and Bobby were both staring at him now, waiting for whatever it was they were missing. When he explained what had happened, about possibly outing Dean, Ellen covered her mouth with her towel. Bobby, however, looked angry. While the men had once been best friends, John had changed, and when Bobby became the guardian of Sam and Dean, he’d also become their protector.
“Dean... I, uh, see Sammy’s told you about my little project. I hope—I hope it’s okay.” There was a question in the way he said it that made Dean nod. It was a small movement, but Sam could tell that there was great appreciation in it.
Being awake was difficult, and Castiel felt like he’d run a marathon already, so he once again allowed himself to be swallowed up by the fog. He didn’t know how long he’d been out of it, but later, when his body still ached but had stopped screaming in pain, a pair of voices drifted in through the mist that made him reach for consciousness once more.
that if you’d been home last night. You were with your pretty boy again.” It wasn’t a question. He wiggled his eyebrows but didn’t wait for a response. “Anyway, I’m pretty sure she did it on purpose. She wanted to do this thing with her blood pressure cuff and a—”
Brave.
Both looked at the group again, just in time to see Dean laughing wholeheartedly at something Castiel had just said. Castiel beamed at Dean in response.
“Come on, Dean. Please?” Sam pleaded.
Somewhere in that shared smile, there was a silent agreement. Their usual tension softened, and Dean was surprised when it was Cas that moved to rest his arm on the back of the couch, just barely brushing along Dean’s shoulders. He was even more surprised to find himself tucking his feet up onto the couch as he slid in a little closer. They sat in a comfortable silence with only the occasional commentary from Dean, filling Cas in on the details of Dr. Sexy’s latest conquests, until Dean’s eyelids drooped shut and his head fell to rest on Cas’s shoulder.
been spending a lot of time with Charlie,” Dean responded as he stood, taking Castiel by the hand. “C’mon, we should go find a table. It’s getting pretty crowded and Jo’s neglecting her patrons.”
They chatted for a while, catching up after years apart. Jess and Cas got along famously, sharing a similar sense of humor. After they placed their order, Jess gave Sam a nudge with her elbow and a look that was clearly encouraging his to say something.
Okay, guys, this is it! The last official chapter! I hope this wraps everything up for you all, and you can expect the Epilogue to follow soon.
“Man, lunch at the hospital is fun,” Dean laughed. “I might have to come more often.”
Dean and Cas were still in their own little world when Sam approached their booth. He wondered how he hadn’t seen it sooner. It wasn’t like he didn’t see that their relationship wasn’t like other friendships—a profound bond, as Cas had once called it. But now that his blinders were off, the gleam in his brother’s eyes, the smile on the angel’s face, the way they just seemed pulled to one another… well, he felt like his well-honed investigation skills had failed him on this one.
Later that afternoon, the trio of hunters carried themselves to the ‘man cave’ and collapsed into their usual spots in front of the flat screen. Dean and Cas each sunk back into the cushions of the old couch while Sam’s long legs splayed out from a large bean bag chair on the floor.
. He’d hoped for a conversation, grasping for some kind of connection, some string that he could hold onto before they were gone forever, but instead, everything he’d done wrong, every mistake,
Dean shot back a quick ‘
After a few more minutes, Castiel steered the bike into a parking lot beside a small deserted picnic area. As they pulled their helmets off, Dean’s beaming smile caught Castiel’s attention.
“Oh. Uh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, that sounds good. I, uh—I’m gonna go jump in the shower, so I’ll leave the door open for you.”
As they headed toward the Roadhouse now, Dean stopped to greet one of Ellen’s employees. The man that Dean introduced as Ash was sporting an elf-ear headband over a spectacular blonde mullet. The ears were only the tip of the iceberg as he opened his coat to show off a green tunic and candy cane striped tights.
He looked once more at Sam’s new car. Dean had to admit that it suited Sam. He admired the dark blue paint, stepping closer to peer into the windows. The interior was black leather with neat stitching.
“It was John’s idea,” Gabriel explained. “Sam called me and we had to work through the red tape to get the bike back without you finding out.”
“Well… I guess if it’s gotta be a douche-mobile, it’s not terrible.”
,” Dean hissed as his hands found their way back into Castiel’s unruly hair. He allowed the muscles time to relax as he licked another stripe up the underside of Dean’s shaft. The loosening grip on his hair was the indicator that he was ready for more. Castiel pulled his fingertip back to the entrance before plunging it a little deeper. Gradually, he worked Dean open and inserted a second finger. He made up for each push with a tight suck until he couldn’t go any further. He sat up to see Dean’s face and was rewarded with a lust-filled gaze, flushed cheeks, and parted lips.
“Don’t be stupid, Castiel,” Gabriel said as he gingerly patted the cast wrapped around his brother’s lower leg. “This wasn’t your fault. We’re just glad you’re okay. He shrugged one shoulder and gestured at Castiel’s injuries. “Well, mostly okay, anyway.”
? It felt exciting, amazing and warm,
Dean waved goodbye to his brother as he dropped him off in front of their childhood home. Sam lived with their father, John, though it wasn't unusual for John to be absent for days, even weeks at a time. He’d currently been gone for eleven days since the last time he’d shown his face at home. After the death of Mary Winchester, Sam and Dean had essentially lost both of their parents. At fourteen, Dean had tried taking on the role of ten-year-old Sam’s caretaker, but in the end, it was John’s friend Bobby that stepped in as their guardian.
“Okay, okay. Yeah, it was my fault. I got tied up on a phone call, lost track of time.” He could feel the heat in his cheeks as his face reddened.
finish before the end of the race, however,” she narrowed her eyes and wagged her finger, “drinking and driving will
They sat together on the dusty floor, Dean stroking the back of Castiel’s hair while the angel rested his head over the hunter’s racing heart. “Cas, what happened?”
future. A
“Shut up, Sam, I’m trying to tell you something here. Okay. So, uh.” He hesitated, trying to figure out where to start. “I like Dr. Sexy.”
Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean’s back and guided him back inside, leading him to the couch. He pulled the blanket over the both of them and they sat quietly wrapped up in one another’s arms for a long while.  It was Castiel that finally broke the silence.
is my future. And you? You can go to hell.”
“You okay over there?” Dean asked, amused at his friend’s dishevelment.
(See the end of the chapter for
Now that the crowd had thinned, she excused herself from the table, and perched on a stool near the center of the bar. Jo smiled as she made her way over.
Castiel’s face split into a wide smile as he reached for Dean’s collar, ignoring the pain of the movement as he pulled him into a kiss.
. His coming out had been sincere so far, but tonight felt like new territory. Even as he speculated, Castiel couldn’t help but feel optimistic.
Dean sat up to face him. They locked eyes and he leaned forward, pressing their foreheads together. “Cas,” he breathed, “I—I don’t really know where this is going, but, uh… I just—I don’t want to stop yet. I mean, it’s cool if you don’t want to—”
“Hey, uh, Sammy,” Dean said, looking back up into the rearview, “why don’t you come stay at my place for a few days? We can stop and get some of your stuff and your car and you can come crash on my couch for a couple nights.”
“L-Like… I got h-hit by a truck,” he said hoarsely.
“Hey, Clarence!” Meg gave him a tipsy smile and wave. Castiel smirked at the difference in demeanor of the currently rosy-cheeked Meg. She, too, was indulging in the eggnog, and her usual standoffish attitude seemed to have taken the night off.
Dean took in a deep breath. Castiel was right. He didn’t hate Sam; he kinda wanted to right about now, but he knew he could never hate him. In fact, he knew that Sam wasn’t the problem at all. He felt so many things that it was overwhelming, but there was only love for his little brother. The image of Sam’s pleading face was painful, and he knew that he had to make it right.
With a half-smile, Dean opened the passenger door to get out, but turned to address his brother once more. “I like the car, Sammy.”
Ten minutes later, they were driving through a quaint little old-fashioned town, each looking out the windows in search of a motel.
“I brought pie,” Dean said, holding up the bag in a lame attempt at a distraction, before making a split-second decision to just dive in head first. “Also, I, uh—I think I might like dudes. I mean, I do. Um. One dude… specifically.”
Ellen spun on her heel to look at them. Barely hiding a smile, she shook her head, brandishing a large knife as she spoke. Castiel suddenly saw the mixture of sweet but scary that Dean had tried to explain on the way over. “No.
to. I guess I’ll see how it goes. I mean, I tried with Sammy but I obviously didn’t do a very good job. For a smart guy, he sure can’t take a hint. Will you, uh, help me—I mean, if I need—if I can’t—” He stopped his stammering with a frustrated sigh, his point clearly made.
The pair turned in unison to find a pretty brunette in a cream-colored sweater-dress. There was confusion across her face and what Castiel thought seemed like hurt in her eyes.
“Mm. Well, someone that looks like you, laughs like you, and cooks like you is definitely some kind of heavenly creature.”
They considered their options. Castiel’s place was a worse option since he lived in a third-floor walk-up. He wasn’t supposed to use the crutches yet because of his mending ribs. And he desperately just wanted to be
Dean understood now what Sam meant when he said that what made Dean happy made him happy. Without realizing how miserable they both were, they’d both been going through a pretty rough few years, and suddenly it was all changing. He felt invigorated, like he could take on the world.
Dean parked the Impala outside Charlie’s townhouse and killed the engine, grabbing the bag he’d brought with one of the pies that he and Castiel had bought yesterday but forgot to eat. He had just reached the door when his phone vibrated in his jacket pocket. He knocked before pulling it from his pocket as he waited for Charlie to open the door.
“Oh, uh—yeah, of course,” he managed. He wasn’t trying to be rude or to brush the young man off. He just didn’t know what to say in these kinds of situations. He was never good with words.
He leaned down, pressing the slightest kiss against Castiel’s temple before he whispered a barely audible,
“I do,” he admitted, “but it never hurts to remind you.”
When Cas looked at Dean for an explanation, Dean shrugged. “It’s your first day as a human… Happy Birthday.”
Castiel snorted. “I appreciate the concern, Dean, but it’s all I’ve got.”
he thought,
Cas smiled at the growing panic on Dean’s face. “Dean.”
“Oh,” was all Castiel could manage, but his eyes were locked on Dean.
“What? What the hell do you want?” Dean stopped short when he saw the look on his father's face.
“The truck’s fine, Dad. It’s just a bad alternator,” Sam answered stiffly. “Gonna replace it and give the truck back to Bobby for the garage, so he can send some of the other guys out on parts runs since I’ve decided to take on a few extra classes.” Dean had ducked his head into the engine bay, keeping himself out of the conversation, but Sam could see the tension in his movements.
“It’s fine,” Castiel said, finishing off the first glass. “She just seemed… angry.”
Sam chewed on his lower lip. It was true. John Winchester was not the type to lay his feelings on the table, at least not in his experience. Then again, John Winchester hadn’t had a lot to say to either of them at all over the last 10 or so years.
He checked all the usual spots—the library, the war room, the kitchen, the conservatory, even the storage room where their hidden dungeon still sat empty. He was starting to get worried when he found the shooting range empty. He hurried back upstairs to check the garage. Sure enough, the large metal door at the end was open and the sound of the rain echoed through the room.
“Hi! I didn’t expect to see you two here,” he greeted with a grin. When Dean moved to stand beside him at the end of table, Claire’s eyes widened, and her mouth opened in disbelief.
“Well, hey there, Clarence,” Meg drawled as the large steel doors slid open. She stood leaning against the back wall of the elevator car, holding a lollipop between her fingertips. “How’s your pretty boy?”
“Of course, Dean.” Castiel squeezed his hand.
“I’ve read the books, Cas. I know what this is, okay? I get it... You don’t get to do the whole—,” he gestured upward, “—the whole Heaven thing.” He paused to take a deep breath and turned back to the blanket. “I want to help.”
“She grows on you.”
“Dean, you are
Dean could feel the rise and fall of Castiel’s chest, but he had no idea how meaningful the motion was.
That caught the attention of both Sam and Jess, and Castiel’s faced dropped ever so slightly. Castiel and Lisa hadn’t exactly gotten off on the right foot when they’d met at the Christmas party, Dean remembered.
“Mmh, you’ve got me, Dean. You’ve got me,” he responded breathily between the kisses and licks he lined down his length.
“Oh!” Castiel’s jaw dropped in shock for a moment before giving Dean a narrow-eyed glare that vowed vengeance as the man buckled over laughing.
Charlie could see suspicion crawl over Jo's face, raising a brow and twisting her smile. “Wait a minute… Red, am I missing something important here?”
“Oh, I, uh—I haven’t asked Cas yet, but—”
. Maybe—”
, he thought happily. A hint of a smile must have creeped onto his face, because Ellen tilted her head ever so slightly.
When the pair finally headed back inside, the kitchen was a bustle of activity.
“Hey, the shape of the equipment doesn’t matter as long as you know how to operate it. Why have limits?” Gabriel grinned and Meg narrowed her eyes at the man. Castiel leaned on his elbow, hiding his face in his hand, just waiting for the conversation to be over.
John stepped forward, countering, “
“You know, this morning when you sent that first text at the bakery? I was staring at my phone trying to decide when to call you. To, uh, ask you out on an actual date.”
“Then Dad and Bobby did all the hard work,” Sam continued. “Dean was the last to find out, but he got in on some of the finer details.”
“Yes. Yes, he does,” Dean quickly nodded, having had to endure listening to drunk Sam many, many times over the years.
’s a physical therapist down at the hospital. We, um, met at the Roadhouse a couple nights ago.”
happy.”
Sam nodded, then spoke when he remembered Charlie couldn’t see him. “Yeah. Well, now I’m worried he’s gonna let my dad get into his head.”
“Wait, what?! Your first date was just on Friday!” Charlie prodded Dean’s shoulder accusingly. She lowered her voice to an audible whisper. “You put out on the first date, didn’t you?” Now Dean’s face was just as pink as Castiel’s.
So, John started attending the meetings. Three days in, he found himself avoiding his empty house by staring down another glass of whiskey at the bar, flipping his chip between his fingers as he did so. Thankfully the bartender noticed and made the decision for him, removing temptation from his grasp.
He didn’t even hear the door slide open behind him and didn’t look up when Sam sat in the chair that Miracle had just abandoned. Sam didn’t have to ask what was going through Dean’s mind. It was plainly written on his face.
They were finally home.
Dean felt ill. The picture on the flyer showed Miracle—
Dean laughed and rubbed his neck shyly. The motion became more endearing each time Castiel spotted it. “Ellen, I’d like to introduce you to Castiel Novak. Cas, Ellen Harvelle.”
Castiel turned his eyes to Dean as well and there was a definite shade of panic over his face.
great.” Dean held up his hands to stop her.
“Dean, I know you. I know who you are, inside and out. I know you’re a brave, kind man. You are passionate and stubborn and confident. You’re sensitive, even though you don’t show it. You love your family and you would sooner put yourself in harm’s way than see them suffer even a little. You’re incredibly smart even though you don’t always believe it. Your soul is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. And you chose
By the time the stars had taken over the sky, Dean had a decent bonfire going. He and Castiel sat wrapped up in a blanket on a wicker loveseat that had been dragged over; Castiel’s leg rested on the top of a wide upturned log.
thing as Dean was.
“Dean? The case?” he prompted, thunking his coffee mug on the diner’s table a little harder than necessary.
want to do. And I’ll be damned if anyone is gonna say otherwise. You got that?”
with a man now.” He moved a little closer to Castiel so that their arms pressed together.
Dean was talking animatedly, leaning forward laughing at something he’d said. Cas leaned forward as well, smiling fondly at Dean’s amusement. Their feet were just barely touching beneath the table and neither did more than glance upward for a moment when the waitress delivered their drinks.
. “Cas.”
“Well, you and Cas obviously enjoy spending time together, so we want to get to know him better, too… and Charlie has declared it game night—” Sam smirked as Dean groaned, but even though he was looking at the ground, Sam could see his brother’s smile. “—and you’re hosting.”
the sexy new boytoy?” she asked, incredulous.
“I swear, Cas, for as long as I live, I will never get tired of kissing you.”
, he thought. “So, what’s the plan? Three dudes check in to the honeymoon suite together? That might draw a little attention.”
When they turned into the driveway of their childhood home, Sam was relieved to see that his Charger was the only vehicle in the driveway.
Ruby looked up from her phone, one eyebrow quirked upward. “What do you care? You interested? I could probably still make it happen, you know.” She held up her phone up to imply that she could easily arrange such a tryst between he and Meg with a simple text.
“Will do,” Dean answered, hugging his friend tightly.
“They’re great kids,” he said truthfully, “and Jack has made tremendous progress with Claire’s help.”
Dean sighed and his voice softened. “I know, Cas. I’d just like to keep it that way.”
Sam’s lip curled up into a half-smile. “Honestly, I think I knew before he did. Remember Lee Chambers from high school?”
“There you are, Cassie!” Gabriel draped one arm around his chuckling girlfriend, showing off an inappropriate Christmas sweater with a nude Santa holding a gift box in front of his crotch and bold letters that read
The fourth morning, Dean found Cas’s door open a little more than the previous day. He didn’t know why he was drawn to watching the man sleep, but as he leaned on the doorframe, he couldn’t deny that he was. Maybe it was the way he sometimes stretched across his bed and other times curled up like a cat on a chilly night. Maybe it was the rhythm of his breathing or the flutter of his lashes. Maybe it was the tiny smile that spread across pink lips.
Charlie rolled her eyes. “Sam,” she said, as though this were explanation enough, but Jo seemed to understand.
“Who’re you texting this early in the morning?” he asked Sam curiously.
John sighed and ran his hands over his face before leaning forward to rest his elbows on his knees. Castiel expected fury and contempt when the man turned to face him, but instead he looked resigned.
It was Gabriel that stood and patted Dean on the shoulder. “Dean Winchester meet Chuck Novak. Dad, Dean—Cassie’s pretty boy.”
“Okay, what about her?” He pointed the neck of his bottle toward a curly-haired woman nursing a cocktail as she sat alone at a table.
He flicked the towel at the headlights as he swaggered back around the front of the Impala, picking up motion in his hips and shoulders as he wiped the water spots from the chrome. When he straightened up to dry the hood, he peeled his damp t-shirt off, tossing it somewhere behind him.
Sam waved him off. “Dude, no worries. It wouldn’t have worked out anyway. Besides, we traded in two bad dates for a new friend. I think that’s a pretty good deal.”
“Dean, typically… typically a nest is built by an angel and his
They stayed on the phone talking about Stanford while Sam gathered the rest of his clothes, tossing them into the duffle, and Sam listened to Jess talk about her classes as he packed his laptop and books into the backpack he carried to classes. When Sam had loaded his things in his car, he connected the Bluetooth and they talked about Jess’s winter break as he drove over to Dean’s place. When he pulled into the driveway, rather than gathering his belongings and heading inside, he reclined his seat as they continued their conversation.
“Of course, I’m the guy. Right, Cas?” Dean grinned proudly with a wink at Castiel before turning back to the girl. “I know you… Jody’s kid, right?”
“Mmh, I think we’ll need more time for that kinda fun, Cas. I’m already running late.”
to be better than any existence without Dean Winchester in his life.
—but,” he placed a long, warm kiss on one side of Castiel’s jaw, “if this is okay with you—,” he placed another kiss on the opposite side, “I’d, uh, like to keep going for now.”
“Glad you could join us,” Ellen greeted, eyeing Dean as he entered the kitchen. “Hi, Charlie. You two help Jo and Sam set the table. Dinner’s ready.” Both, grateful not to have been subject to Ellen’s inquisition, gathered up dishes of food and carried them out to the dining table where Sam and Jo were already arranging plates and utensils.
be a family.”
“Not very much... I know that Bobby and Ellen took Dean and Sam in after their mother passed, and Dean didn’t have much confidence in how tonight would go. I don’t think this is what he expected, though.”
Dean finally pulled the Impala into the driveway and Sam hauled himself into the passenger seat. “Dude, you’re late. Ellen’s gonna kill us.”
Finally finding his voice after wiping the tears that threatened to roll down his face, he addressed the man. “Bobby?”
“Yes, and can we please not make a big deal about this?” he asked, knowing full and well that there was no escape from the conversation.
“So… you and Clarence.”
Charlie’s jaw dropped in offense and she gave him a shove. “Oh, come on! It was a first date! We just kissed, geez. What kinda girl do you think I am?” The look on Dean’s face answered that question, so Charlie continued. “Okay, I know what kinda girl I am, but I was on my best behavior! We went to Romano’s and ate dinner, then went back to the Roadhouse and—” She mumbled the end of the sentence so that Dean couldn’t understand what she’d said.
“Good enough for me.”
Dean considered the information. The air was cold outside, but the streets were still safe and clear. All this time he’d worried about the roads, he hadn’t considered the other drivers on it. “It wasn’t his fault,” John added. “His bike looked pretty mangled.”
Sam stared at his brother. It was as though he could see the thoughts forming in his head.
He dropped his bag on the end of the bed, fished out some sweats and hurried into the bathroom to shower. Once behind the closed door, he leaned forward on the sink and stared at himself in the mirror.
“Possibly.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said with a sideways smile of his own.
That’s what Castiel was willing to sacrifice. Forever.
He knew where the meetings were held because he’d been to them before. And though he hadn’t told his family about his attempts at getting sober, it turned out that it didn’t matter anyway. He’d failed all those times, and to numb the pain of failure, he’d just drowned it in more whiskey. He didn’t just fall off the wagon; he’d gotten run over by it.
Castiel got up first, offering Sam a hand and pulling him up to his feet before moving over to where Dean sat against the wall. Jo and Charlie had swept into the room after John’s exit, and now Charlie busied herself calming Sam while Jo hugged her mother who’d broken into silent tears.
“Nice to meet you, Castiel. And samesies!” She flashed a toothy smile. “The gay thing, I mean. See that gorgeous girl behind the bar? She wants me.”
When he couldn’t feasibly hide in the bathroom any longer, he ducked his head and returned to the room. Cas had already changed out of his flannel pants and was pulling on his shoes. He looked up at Dean and gave him a small unperturbed smile as though he hadn’t woken up with his face pressed against Dean’s chest not more than fifteen minutes ago.
Indeed, he’d been given a soul in exchange for the sacrifices he’d made to save Heaven—a thank you from Chuck, no doubt. It wasn’t that he hadn’t felt things before, but human feelings were just…
“Cas, that—that was… wow.” He grinned with fondness in his eyes.
When they finally pulled apart, the corner of Castiel’s lip quirked up mischievously. “You know,” he prodded a finger playfully at Dean’s chest, “I believe I owe you something.” He slid his fingers into the waistband of Dean’s boxers and sunk down to his knees. “You wore the shirt I picked to the party, and I made a promise. I’d hate to break that promise.”
a little worried when I saw you here with
Donna took a deep breath and straightened herself, “Well, anyway, I’m just glad to see my two favorite customers back again.” She gave them a kind smile and moved back behind the register.
“Not so scary after all, is it?” Castiel smiled smugly.
“Is he gonna be okay?” John asked when Dean couldn’t.
He didn’t have to think about it long. Castiel already knew what he wanted to do,
—she was
But secretly, Sam didn’t hate it.
Dean had already agreed, though he would probably need to be reminded that he had done so. Castiel stood up and reached out for Dean’s hand. Confused, Dean hit a button on the remote control before letting Castiel pull him up from the couch.
While everyone else retreated to the living room, Dean slipped out the back door and sat on the edge of the porch. He pulled his phone from his pocket and checked the time before dialing Castiel’s number.
He raised a brow and quirked up the corner of his mouth as he looked back at Jess. “Y’know, you might be right.”
be in love. Hunter and hunter, together through the good, the bad, and the ugly of it all. Dean almost wished he’d never met them, because they’d planted a tiny seed of hope in him that had been growing ever since.
“What’s the story with Gabriel’s girlfriend?” she asked apprehensively, in an almost-whisper. “Did she actually set his bed on fire?”
Dean was frozen to the floor. All the blood had apparently abandoned his legs and gone straight to his crotch. It was completely unfair that Castiel should be able to completely destroy him with one little sentence, but hey, he wasn’t complaining either.
“You think your dad would have a problem with Dean being bi?”
They laughed through a magnificently bad movie, though Dean and Sam had to initially explain to Cas and Jack why sharks being sucked up into a tornado was so funny. When the credits started rolling, Sam stood to grab the next round of beer.
In the center of the garage, a motorcycle was up on a stand. Disassembled parts sat stacked on one side alongside a few freshly refurbished pieces that were propped up near a workbench. Sam watched as understanding washed over his brother’s face.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said, almost in a whisper, dropping his hands to rest on Castiel’s shoulders.
When Castiel finally rose from the bed to dispose of the condom and fetch a towel to clean them up, Dean’s eyes followed him, wanting—
Dean rubbed at the back of his neck. “What about my place? There’s plenty of room for you—I mean, there’s lots of space in the garage. There’s plenty of space. I, uh… I can keep her safe for you. I mean, if you wanted—”
Charlie stopped untangling the nest of wires in her hands to look up with confusion. “How
“N-Not what I was going to s-say,” Castiel said with a hint of humor in his voice.
“This is my boyfriend, Dad,” Dean said matter-of-factly, overcoming the shake in his voice. “Yeah, I figured you probably wouldn’t really be on board with it, but you know what? I don’t care.”
“Shut up, Sammy,” he bit back, though a hint of a laugh escaped.
Dean scratched the back of his head. “I dunno, Sammy.”
Castiel didn’t need to be told twice. He shifted his position, sliding his hands over the perfect curve of Dean’s ass, up to the waistband of his boxers before sliding them downward. Dean kicked them away as he worked Castiel’s boxers off as well.
“Anytime, sunshine,” Dean said with a grin as Castiel exited the car.
After being cooped up in the hospital all week, the cold air was refreshing on his face. Castiel was carefully positioned into the passenger seat and Dean loaded their things into the trunk. When, at last, they pulled into the semi-secluded driveway, rolling to a stop before the garage door, rather than opening the car doors, they both stared ahead, frowning.
Life has been hectic, as it gets sometimes, but things are calming down, so I've finally had the chance to give this baby some attention. <3
“Mmh. Better.” He said, sinking into the pillows. “Not as good as sleeping next to you, though.”
Dean surged forward. Their lips crashed together, probably too hard, but there was a sense of urgency behind it, a desperation—a
Gabriel let Dean’s response sink in and he nodded. “Have a good date, Dean-o.”
Eventually, they relinquished their grip and finished dinner with good-hearted conversation. Bobby seemed more offended by the fact that Sam planned on replacing his old truck than he had by the fact that Dean was dating a man, which Dean mused over for quite some time until he remembered that, technically, he and Castiel were not dating.
Dean fiddled with the sunroof, refusing to let Sam see the anxiety he was currently wearing like a mask. “Uh, yeah. But, I mean, we’ve hung out a few times, so no big deal.” He wished he believed his own words.
“Dean, I can explain,” he tried when they reached the door, but Dean only shook his head.
Castiel considered it for a moment before relenting.
The warmth of their kiss reflected the spring sky, and Dean felt all of the pieces of his life fall into place. It felt a little like restoring a car—or a ’77 Harley. He had been put back together piece by piece, handled with care, restored and revived as the old parts of his life and the new came together. And finally, he was whole again. Different, but better.
“Me, either,” Dean said quietly. When Castiel’s brows furrowed in confusion, he explained, “I mean, I, uh—haven’t had any overnight guests in a long while either.” He rubbed the back of his neck.
He was pleased to see the twinkle return to those green eyes just before Dean crowded behind him, reaching around him to unlock the door himself and planting a kiss on the back of his neck. They stepped inside and pulled off their coats before Castiel slid his arms around Dean’s waist, giving him a pensive stare.
, Cas,” Dean said breathily from his back, “Get over here.”
Dean had expected the message to be from Charlie or maybe even Jo since Castiel and Sam were already in the same room, but he was surprised to see Lisa’s name at the top of the screen.
Castiel looked up, confused. “What?”
“Two!”
making pie.”
When he was done, he tiptoed back through the bedroom and out into the kitchen. He couldn’t cook as well as Dean, but he’d learned the basics over the last few weeks, so he figured he’d get breakfast started. He rummaged through the refrigerator to find some eggs and bacon and he shoved a few slices of bread into the toaster. He was moving the last of the sizzling bacon to a plate with a pair of tongs when Dean finally emerged from the bedroom.
Sure enough, there were a handful of people with cash in hand waiting impatiently along the bar, throwing frequent looks their way. Jo shrugged, passed them each a beer, and said, “On the house. Call it a first date discount.”
, John had said.
Dean smiled up at Castiel and shrugged. “It’s been a hectic weekend.”
“What? What the hell do you want?” His tone was angry, but John ignored it because finally, Dean turned around.
Dean just furrowed his brow and shook his head. They’d been through this already.
“Fine, fine! I’m going! I have my own date to get ready for anyway.” He wiggled his eyebrows suggestively. “The hot nurse that gave me her number. Totally wants me. You know, on second thoughts, maybe you boys might wanna go back to
thing—we both know it isn’t you.”
Sam shook his head as though he were shaking his thoughts into some kind of order. “I wanna show you.” He stood, motioning for the door. “Get your jacket and take a ride with me.”
“Aww,” Charlie cooed from somewhere nearby, drawing the attention of the rest of the room toward the gift.
Castiel laughed and nodded. “It’s fine, Dean. Go. I’m not going anywhere.”
He decided to delay the inevitable by backtracking through the cafeteria entrance door to duck into the gift shop next door. Christmas was just a few days away, after all, and all of Dean’s original intentions of doing some shopping this weekend had gone out of the window the moment his father had tracked him down in his driveway yesterday.
“No,” Dean responded angrily. He stood, pulled a leash from his jacket pocket and hooked one end to the collar around Miracle’s neck and gave the other end to his brother. “Bring her home. Her family needs her.”
Was he saying—?
“Alternator finally kicked it,” Sam answered, straightening up and wiping his hands on an old red rag. “What’re you doing here?”
, his slick hand found its way between them. Dean sat up on Castiel’s thighs, allowing him to take them both in hand. They moved together, heavy breathing and quiet moans filling the room. Their eyes locked, and Castiel could feel them both getting closer to the edge.
That was when Castiel noticed a thin, black lanyard draped around the bee’s head. At the bottom was a silver pendant, engraved with an angel. He turned the pendant over and ran a finger over the words there, reading aloud. “
Castiel lay on the narrow bed, attached by tubes and wires to a number of beeping, humming, and hissing machines. While his helmet had protected his face, it hadn’t changed the fact that he’d had to bear the impact of the car and then the ground. His hair was its usual mess, but the blue eyes that Dean longed to see were shut tight while a sturdy neck brace held his head still. He was covered in scrapes and bandages, and bruises that Dean knew from experience as a mechanic would only look worse before they got better. On his left leg, a fresh cast covered him from his knee to his toes and it was propped up on a thick foam pillow.
“I know.”
“Should we get some breakfast?”
Dean hugged Castiel a little tighter. He reached out to touch the edge of another frame. This photo was much older, but Castiel recognized the black Impala parked behind a young John and a very pregnant Mary.
“It means she’s
“Mostly because I’m gay and this is my place of employment,” he answered nonchalantly, settling into an empty chair. “Why are you here?”
Castiel hadn’t really known what to expect from this “date." He certainly hadn't expected to spend the last few hours having great conversation with a fun group of people, give or take a certain few, for what he truly hoped would be the first time of many more to come. Sam was smart and witty, although Castiel suspected he may be hiding some pain. Charlie was funny and charming with her bold personality. And Dean… well, he certainly never expected Dean. While the man seemed to be cocky and confident on the exterior, there was definitely much more beneath, and Castiel wanted to learn so much more.
The voice came from somewhere to his left. When he turned to find its source, he spotted Claire and Jack in a booth waving. Castiel tugged on Dean’s hand again to signal a detour, and he followed along willingly.
Dean’s spirits lifted when he saw the corner of Castiel’s lip twitch upward.
Back at the garage, Sam sat in the parking lot exploring all the buttons and gadgets his new car had to offer. A few of the other employees had come out to admire it, and Sam was glowing with excitement. Dean couldn’t ignore that happiness, and reluctantly sat in the passenger seat.
Castiel’s eyes widened as he stared apologetically at his friend. “I’m sorry. I—I didn’t mean that. I don’t know why I said it.”
you ever decide to forgive me, I’ll do better. Hell, I can’t do any worse. I… I love you, boys.”
Dean seemed to already know the answer to that question, though, because he made a beeline toward the door that led to the garage. He knocked twice before opening the door, nodding to someone inside, and stepping back with his eyes on Castiel. He smiled and tilted his head toward the opening.
Doing as he was told, he opened the bag, grinning as he pulled out the stuffed bee.
Cas turned and started walking away again, leaving Dean gaping at his back for a moment before he pulled himself together. Cas may not have been human for long, but he wasn’t oblivious. He was just as much a part of this
He stood from his chair, giving Castiel a tentative smile, just enough of an upward twitch to show that he was okay. When he reached the man, he wrapped his arms around his neck and melted into him as strong arms enveloped him. In that moment, he felt safe again.
Dean would later blame that look for what happened next.
Castiel swallowed hard as he allowed Dean to explore. The man had a way of moving his lips across his skin that absolutely destroyed him. And the sinful little hums and moans had Castiel throbbing in his jeans. When Dean paused at the button on his waistband, looking up with questioning green eyes, and a low “
Dean’s chest swelled seeing the two interact. He loved them both, and if they could be brave enough to take a new step in their relationship, maybe Dean could be brave enough to take new strides as well.
Together they unloaded the groceries and carried them up the staircase. Dean unlocked and kicked open the door and they both dropped the bags onto the large stainless-steel table that served as a kitchen island. Now unburdened, Cas perched on one of the round stools and took a moment to survey the place. Dean had apparently done the same as he was now quickly scooping up a trail of clothing that led from the front door and down a small hallway just off the kitchen.
“For what, Dean? I can pretend to be married to your brother. It’s just a case.”
As expected, the room matched the rest of the place—plush pink carpet and striped wallpaper. However, what was
to shut up?” Dean blushed and Sam laughed. “Dean, relax. You two—you’re good together. Really.”
Dean fell backward, holding himself upright with one hand as the other shielded his eyes. “CAS!”
“He’s gonna be alright,” he said as much to himself as to Gabriel, though his voice was hoarse and cracked. “H-he’ll be okay. Th-the doctor… he said—he said he’ll be okay. I won’t leave him. I’ll do w-whatever it takes. I’ll do—I’ll do whatever I have to do for him to be okay.”
The dog,
Castiel cleared his throat with a slight shake of his head, directing his words to Charlie. “I’m a pediatric physical therapist.”
and Dean had no good reason not to allow himself to enjoy it. When he turned his head, he couldn’t hold back a smile. Cas’s eyes were locked on the screen, his expression focused, absorbing the ridiculous story unfolding on screen. Dean would be satisfied just to watch Cas watch television all day. He eventually nudged Cas with his shoulder, but when he looked, Dean had nothing to say. Instead he just smiled. And when Cas smiled back, Dean didn’t hate it.
The paramedic frowned. “He’s got some injuries and he’s unconscious. The sooner we get him to the hospital the better. Do you want to ride with him?”
Still in a sleepy fog, it took a moment for the greeting to register. He spun around to find apple green eyes and a bright smile.
He ignored yet another phone call, this time from Sam, and made his way back to the counter. Donna, apparently overhearing most of the conversation, had his pie boxed and waiting for him while she stared daggers at Lisa.
Dean looked up but didn’t say a word. He shook his head slightly. Castiel moved to sit beside him, reaching over to run a hand across his shoulders in an attempt to comfort him. Dean leaned sideways and Castiel draped his arm around his back.
“Of course, Dean. I can’t wait to meet them.” Castiel leaned close to bump his shoulder, looking him in the eye with a fond smile.
.’ You won’t have to do this alone, you know.” Dean looked at him fondly, eyes glossy. “Now… I’m going to order some pizzas. You’re going to make sure there’s enough beer. And
“So, uh—you’re sure about this, then? I mean, this is what you want?”
Sam’s jaw clenched and released as he set his eyes on the glass bottle in his hand. Dean hated seeing him this way.
There was a moment of comforting silence between them before Jess replied in a low voice. “I’m so happy to hear that, Sam.
“I don’t think we’ve been introduced,” Charlie said, directing her attention toward Meg. “Charlie Bradbury. Long-time friend of these handsome fellas,” she made finger guns at the brothers.
what he wanted right now. He tried to ignore the little bites currently being left along his neck and shoulder, and instead reminded himself of the weight in this moment for the man in his arms. The idea of becoming a heat-of-the-moment regret for Dean was enough for Castiel to reign it in.
He leaned forward to leave a line of kisses on Dean’s spine, just brushing against Dean’s entrance as he did so. He straightened as he lined himself up, gradually increasing the pressure, pushing little by little until the head of his cock was inside. Hearing Dean’s sultry groan, it took every ounce of self-control he had not to plunge in too deep. He waited patiently, allowing Dean’s body to adjust as he ran his hands up and down his sides, cherishing the smooth skin and the flex of his muscles.
Castiel grinned.
He jumped when he heard a knock at the door and hurried to answer with bare feet and untamed hair. He knew it would be Dean on the other side, but his heart still skipped a beat when he swung the door open and laid eyes on him. It was amazing how Dean could make a simple black shirt over a heather grey tee and jeans look so good, he thought. Shaking himself out of his reverie, he leaned forward to greet the man with a quick kiss and stepped aside to let him in.
“Dean. Dean, wait. Dean!”
“Oh, Castiel, look at you. How are you?”
“Good. Alright, Castiel, we’re gonna take good care of you. I just want you to relax for me, okay? We’re gonna take you in for some x-rays and scans to make sure we’re covering all the bases. So far it looks like you’ve got a concussion, a broken ankle and—”
“So, it’s true,” she said accusingly, her eyes locked on Dean.
Dean furrowed his brow in confusion. “Cas—”
“Well, mission accomplished,” he responded with a wink and a smirk, bumping him with his shoulder.
“D-Did you get my pie?”
before rubbing at his eyes with his free hand. After the emotional day he’d had so far, he was mentally exhausted, and the idea of being in the car with Sam for the 30-minute drive to Bobby’s house brought an instant pang of tension across his neck and shoulders. He knew his brother would hold no judgement, would be just as accepting as Charlie had been, but Dean couldn’t figure out why it just seemed harder to tell him.
As they reached the end of the rails, Claire stood, offering her boyfriend his crutches. “So, what’s the story with the new guy? I mean, I’m assuming it’s a guy.”
He climbed the stairs to his hallway, passing Gabriel’s apartment door on the way to his own, only to find that the door to his own apartment was already unlocked. He rolled his eyes as he stepped inside, and just as he expected, he found his brother making an absurdly large sandwich in his kitchen. “What are you doing here, Gabriel?”
hate Dr. Sexy and he was actually a
He hadn’t really meant to say it out loud, but there was relief in letting it out. He was grateful for his brother’s simple glance, not really wanting to talk about it. But after Ruby left with Meg tonight, Sam realized that they were disposable to one another, each just a warm body keeping the other occupied while they waited for better. But for Sam, better had already come and gone, and he missed her.
He was right, Sam recalled. John had thought he was being secretive about going to the meetings before, but every time he fell back off the wagon, he’d just drunkenly curse them as a waste of time.
“What’s wrong with you two?” he asked as he approached.
“No, but I do have a lot of take-out menus,” he offered. Dean spun on his heel to stare at him in mock horror.
Cas pulled his bedroom door shut behind him and tested the lock for good measure. He’d heard Dean shouting and figured it was better to lock up than to risk Dean tearing apart his room in search of his missing possessions. He was halfway to the library when Dean came stalking down the hall like a tiger hunting it’s next meal. He hoped to pass by safely, but his hopes were quickly crushed.
“Come on, hot-stuff, those margaritas are calling our names,” Dean said loudly so that it would echo up the stairs.
“It was an accident,” Sam explained apologetically. “We were just talking, and I asked Dean about—I mean, I mentioned Dean and Cas’s date, and—” He deflated. “I messed up. I’m so sorry, Dean. And Cas, too. I didn’t mean to throw a wrench in the gears.”
future,” he fumed. “She said I’d done my experimenting and it was time to move on and find
“I don’t know where his head’s at,” Bobby admitted, his voice revealing the disbelief behind his words. “I don’t know what he’s tryin’ to accomplish. I just… don’t know. Now, I’m not excusin’ what he’s done. He’s wronged you boys and he’s wronged me, too. And I’ve tried, damn it, I’ve tried gettin’ through to him. I’ve given him every chance, I’ve—” He rubbed his eyes tiredly, giving up on his thought.
The mood was considerably lighter for the rest of the night. Charlie and Jo joined them shortly after when Jo’s shift ended. Dean and Castiel sat side by side with occasional bumps of their shoulders and knees. They mused about bad dates they’d been on in the past and filled Castiel in on their favorite funny stories about their little circle of friends. Dean called for a toast when Jo finally admitted that she and Charlie would be going on a date tomorrow evening.
He chuckled as he assessed the mess they’d made. Castiel’s keys were on the floor beside the entrance table and their jackets crumpled into a heap on a chair. He found their shoes strewn across the living room floor. Once he’d taken care of the mess, he programmed the coffeemaker to start a pot of coffee for Cas to wake up to, and finally slipped out the front door.
. Stupid name.”
Sam raised a brow, amused. “I know, Dean.”
Dean didn’t even like dogs.
He couldn’t wipe the smile from his face. “’Night, Cas.”
“Castiel,” Dean said, eyes locked on Bobby’s patient stare.
“Idea?”
“Okay, yeah, I know. I just… Too early in the morning. Wasn’t ready yet,” he admitted sheepishly.
“I’m okay with that.”
, he thought. He navigated through the tables and chairs, settling across from Castiel. He was dressed down this morning, in an old blue tee that emphasized the bright blue of his eyes, Dean noticed, and a pair of black jeans. His hair was still a little damp and somehow stood up even more than it had last night.
“That one?” Charlie pointed lamely toward Jo whose cheeks were now a bright pink.
“Sam told me what happened. He’s very worried that you hate him.” Dean scowled, but Castiel shook his head, speaking calmly. “You don’t hate him, Dean.”
After a while of chatting, Charlie decided that she officially approved of Castiel, and seeing the fondness growing on Dean’s face, she just knew. He’d never mentioned being interested in men before, but she had suspected for a while now.
After a few minutes of stop-and-go traffic, he saw flashing lights on the shoulder of the road. As the traffic slowly bottle-necked around the accident, he first saw paramedics speaking to a young woman with her hands over her face standing beside her damaged Toyota Corolla. It took John a moment to figure out what it was she’d hit. An old Harley caught John’s eye, lying on its side in the street, heavily damaged.
John dipped his head, hiding a fleeting smile. “I… I owe it to him,” he said.
An hour later, Castiel had washed up and dressed nervously, spending more time than he usually would picking out an outfit that wasn’t too casual, but didn’t look like he was trying too hard. He settled on a pinstriped button-down and dark jeans—neat but not overdone.
Dean’s unfortunate reaction was to pull away quickly, leaving Cas looking confused and a little hurt.
The funny thing about seeds is that even in the harshest conditions, they will always seek out the sunshine.
Castiel was back asleep before he could respond, and Dean was satisfied to just lay beside him and watch him doze. It seemed like they didn’t get enough of this kind of free time. Since they’d met, their lives had been a nonstop obstacle course of work and personal obligations, but right now none of that mattered. They had time to just
Dean nodded at her words, leaning back into the sofa cushions. He pulled his phone from his pocket, smiling again. He handed it to Charlie, allowing her to read the messages he’d told her about from the bakery and the latest about Gabriel and Meg.
“Dude, did you stay out here all night?” Sam asked, a note of concern in his voice.
“And sometimes I dance to Taylor Swift while I’m washing Baby.”
When the Impala’s headlights illuminated the interior of the car, Sam sat up and checked the time. It was well after midnight, which meant that he and Jess had been on the phone for over two and a half hours.
Dean reached within the pile of blankets and pulled out the stuffed giraffe, placing it safely on the edge of the circle.
Castiel leaned in for a kiss before teasing, “Mm, you really like game night, huh?”
Two hours later, it was Castiel that woke first. He allowed himself a few minutes to study Dean’s restful face before slipping out of the bed to brush his teeth. He grabbed one of Dean’s t-shirts along the way to the bathroom. Dean’s shirts were so well-worn and soft, Castiel had started ‘borrowing’ them every chance he got. Dean didn’t seem to mind, though. In fact, he rather seemed to enjoy seeing Castiel in his clothes.
“Oh, Cas. Cas, no. Cas. Really. This is the start of the rest of your life, dude.”
Dean and Cas each looked at the other with raised brows before Dean shook his head. “Uh, no. No, we’re just passing through.”
“So, uh… can I walk you up?” He cringed inwardly.
Dean shook his head. “I’m not gonna be the creep that asks for the room
They headed back outside and Castiel settled into the passenger seat while Dean tucked the wheelchair into the trunk. When Dean slid into the driver seat, he didn’t start the engine. The silence lasted only a moment before Dean deflated. “Go ahead. I know you’re thinking about it. Just ask me.”
“Mr. Winchester?”
Castiel nodded, but the look on his face showed worry. He sighed. “He’s upset about how it all happened, but he’s holding it together.”
Once outside of the city, they rode between vast flat fields that had turned brown in the winter chill until they turned onto a road that curved around a calm gray lake. The air felt damp, so Castiel slowed down to keep an extra careful eye for stray ice patches. Dean, however, seemed to finally be relaxing and enjoying the ride. He squeezed at Castiel’s thigh, getting his attention to point out a deer near the water.
“Group hug!” Gabriel and Anna sang in unison.
“Of course,” Castiel smiled, eyes shining brightly. “I can’t wait.” Dean grinned back.
“I’m good, Charlie. For now, at least. Once I work out all my shit, I’ll deal with him, but for now I’m good. But Dean… I don’t know. I don’t know if he’s ready to deal with this yet.”
Dean hadn’t quite recovered yet from the man’s sudden appearance. His mouth opened, but no sound came out. After a moment of gaping like a goldfish, it was Castiel that spoke.
“What? Hell, no! I just meant--” Dean stammered. He hadn’t even met this Meg girl yet, but he already knew that he was not even remotely interested.
“Okay, Dad.”
“Dean, what are you—”
As they returned to the others, Dean hugged Jo goodnight and Charlie swept Sam into a quick conversation about a class that he was currently taking. Dean stepped away toward Castiel, rubbing his hand over the back of his neck.
Dean leaned forward, closing the space between them. They kissed long and slow, ignoring the whistles and catcalls of the small crowd that lingered outside the entrance. In no hurry to part, they sat with their foreheads pressed against one another for a minute, just enjoying the closeness. Castiel wished they were home, curled up in Dean’s bed.
Dean hesitated for just a moment. He immediately knew the answer to this question, but he wasn’t sure how to approach the fact that this was all totally new to him.
“No! Don’t act like you don’t know what I’m talking about! Where is it?”
“Hey,” Sam said when they still hadn’t noticed him standing there.
“Oh, I’m so happy to finally meet you!” She beamed, reaching for his hand. “Claire and Jack have told me all about you!”
Jo and Charlie jumped into the conversation, singing their praises about Castiel as well.
she was seeing.
Castiel flashed one more smirk up at Dean before giving him what Dean later called the best ‘rise-and-shine’ he’d ever had. With blowjob and breakfast a success, the two spent the rest of the morning curled up on the couch, still in their underwear, watching episodes of Dr. Sexy. Dean sat at one end of the couch while Castiel rested his head in Dean’s lap. The fingers carding through Castiel’s wild hair were gentle and soothing and probably the reason he had zoned out more than once already.
Dean’s demeanor steadied as he stepped forward and rested his hands on Castiel’s hips. “Cas, you don’t have to be nervous. Who wouldn’t like you?”
He and John sat quietly in the waiting room for what seemed like ages before Meg reappeared and waved him back through the door. She led him to a cubicle of a room, curtained on one end for privacy. When she slid the curtain aside so that they could walk through, Dean’s heart plummeted.
When they finally broke apart, they took a moment to just be in the moment, Dean’s fingers still cupping Cas’s jaw as they stared breathlessly at one another.
“I could eat,” she answered, dropping her notepad and pen onto the countertop. “But I know your brother won’t turn down a meal.”
“I know how to take care of myself,” Dean said, annoyed at the implication.
“Shut up, you like me,” Dean said, reaching around Castiel to pay for both of their drinks. “I see why I’ve never noticed you here in the morning, now. You’re like a grouchy… grouch.”
go back to my place,” Dean blurted with a slight shrug. Castiel just stared for a moment and Dean worried that he had overstepped. “I mean, if you want to, y’know, hang out for a while.”
Dean’s eyes felt like they were boring into the side of Sam’s head. “Sober,” he repeated. “And how long is that supposed to last? He’s done the meeting thing before. Hardly lasted a week.”
Dean’s eyes widened and he stared like a deer caught in headlights. It took him a moment to recover himself, scrubbing his hands over his face and straightening up his clothing. He didn’t, however, realize that his hair was standing up on one side from sleeping against Castiel’s side all night.
“Look, I’m not here to fight,” John said, the hardness in his voice ebbing once again. “I—I’m here to… to try and fix what I fucked up.”
John shoved the man’s arm away from him, pushing forward once more toward the ambulance. By now, they’d loaded the stretcher into the back bay. As the driver closed the doors, John caught him by the arm.
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel assured, taking note of Dean’s fidgeting. “I’ve, um, been a little nervous anyway. Having you here might help.”
“What’s that like?”
“Dad.” John could hear the contempt in his son’s voice, but there would be time to worry about that later.
Dean chuckled and shook his head as he set the dishes in the sink. “C’mon, let’s get you to bed.”
Charlie’s voice was thick and sounded as though she were fighting back tears. Afraid he may shed a few tears of his own, Castiel pulled her into a hug, holding her close for a full minute.
“What the fuck is this?” John asked, glaring from Dean to Castiel, then turning to face Sam and Bobby again.
“Okay, well, what’s he doing
“Don’t suppose we’ve really been introduced,” the man said, ignoring the statement. He reached out his hand, though Castiel didn’t take it, so he dropped it back to his side. “John Winchester, and you… you’re Dean’s…”
With a roll of his eyes and a smile, Castiel sat up, pulling Dean up along with him. “Yes, Dean, ‘
“C’mon. Let’s go tell him,” Dean said, leaning in for another kiss before pulling apart and intertwining their fingers. They turned to head inside, stopping short at the sight of Sam just outside the front door.
,” she sighed happily.
“What I mean is, you’re both living your lives. You’ve found someone to build a future with while I’m just stuck. I’ve been nothing but a thorn in your side that you’ve both just learned to live with and I—I don’t want to be that. I deserve to just drink myself to death and die alone, but I don’t want it. You boys are my reason to live. And I want to see you be happy, in love, starting families of your own, and I can’t—I can’t fix what I’ve done and I won’t ask you to forgive me, because I don’t deserve it, but I promise you, I
the hot nurse Gabe’s having a ‘night in’ with tonight, huh?” he teased, throwing his arm around Castiel’s shoulders.
The sun streaming in between the open curtains lit the room. Dean hadn’t really bothered to look around last night, but now, as he lay in bed enjoying the pleasant warmth that was Castiel curled up beside him, his eyes surveyed the room, taking in little details. It was neat and simple, but it was very
Eileen slid off her bench seat and moved to sit beside Sam. It was harder to talk this way, but here they could both watch the pair across the room. “Just watch,” she said.
“Man, it’s good to have you back,” Dean said on an exhale. “You, uh—you’re lookin’ pretty rough there, buddy.”
be tolerated! Your kart must be at a complete stop before you touch the bottle. I’ll be the police officer for the first round, and if I catch you drinking and driving, there will be
“I can’t—I can’t just forgive him for what he did, Sam.”
With that, they gathered the pies and a serving knife and joined the others at the table. Dean was thankful when everyone began filling their plates over small talk and occasional laughs. While Sam, Jo, and Charlie argued about the Christmas decorations, Bobby engaged Castiel in a conversation about his Harley.
Castiel nodded.
Dean set two beers on the table and watched with quiet interest as Castiel bit into his burger. When he took his first bite, the reaction was exactly what Dean had hoped it would be.
“Okay,” Dean repeated, switching lanes to take the next exit.
“I said it’s fine!” Dean bellowed, his brows pinched in anger, though he wasn’t sure exactly who or what he was angry about. He slid into the Impala, turned the key in the ignition, and made his own way out of the driveway, Sam frozen in place.
Dean flinched. “No! It wasn’t like that! I mean—Cas was the one that said I should go. I told him—I told him I wouldn’t go, all he had to do was say the word and—just hear me out, please.”
“Thank you,” Gabriel said when John finally reached out and shook his hand, though he just stared in confusion. “For going out of your way to get Dean here so fast,” Gabriel clarified.
Castiel braced himself against the cold as he turned onto the main road. Time slowed down as the little red car breezed past the red light. The car narrowly avoided a collision with a delivery truck, swerving into the other lane.
Castiel stood wordless, staring into that beautiful face, glad to have been so wrong.
“Beer run,” he answered simply. “He moved my bike inside when it started raining, and I stayed here to accept the pizza and to let you guys in. He should be back soon.”
They made it to the third floor, a quiet tension building between them, but halfway down the hallway they both stopped walking. There was a repetitive sound—
Sam turned his attention to her with a skeptical look. “Love? It’s a little soon, don’t you think?”
Pulled from his own barrage of questions, Dean finally shook his head. “No—I mean, yeah. It’s fine. It’s, uh… it’s Lisa.”
, he thought as he pulled on his shoes. “Well, you do have a point there.”
Dean’s eyes twinkled a stunning green. “It’s a date, then.”
“Yeah, yeah. Let’s, uh—let’s get going, huh?” Dean stepped aside and waited for Castiel to lock his apartment door. They walked in a nervous silence toward the stairs, throwing occasional glances back and forth as their hands brushed against one another. The pair made it to the top of the stairs when they ran into a familiar petite woman in a long red coat with dark wavy hair.
… Want you, Cas.”
“You took it. I know you took it,” Dean accused, pointing a finger at his brother angrily. “I want it back!”
“And you thought my necklace was too much,” Castiel whispered to Dean as they managed to find their way inside.
waiting for him. He felt breathless and dizzy. It took him a moment to realize that Castiel had his phone in his hand and Dean’s own phone was vibrating in his pocket. As he retrieved his phone, Castiel zipped up his leather jacket and climbed onto a sleek gray motorcycle that Dean hadn't even noticed in his distraction, pulling on a matching helmet. Dean’s eyes followed him as he started the engine, waved a goodbye, and pulled off into the night.
“Depends,” Ellen answered, still brandishing her fork. “Who does ‘we’ include?”
booked, I hope,” Dean said, leaning forward with a charming smile.
“Is that Castiel?”
?” he asked, confused. “Wait, I thought he told me before he went to see you...?”
“Nothing,” Castiel sighed contently. “I just can’t wait to get
After the third episode, Castiel was starting to feel restless. Free days like this didn’t come along often and he wasn’t used to having nothing to do. But today, at least, they could do anything they wanted, he thought.
“No, thank you. Thank you all for taking me in tonight, especially after I ruined your date, Sam,” he replied.
After getting lost in a sudden wave of panic—
again. And you did that. You gave me my friend back.”
“Hey, come help us decorate,” Jo called with a grin, but Dean placed a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and shrugged.
“I know, okay? I know how bad I’ve screwed up. I know I don’t—I don’t deserve to even be here talking with you boys right now. Trust me, I’ve been doing some soul searching. And for what it’s worth, I’m sorry. I’ll be sorry for the rest of my life. I’ve, uh, apologized to Bobby and Ellen. Let them give me the earful I deserved. Hell, it took me three days to get Bobby to even answer the door. And if you boys never forgive me, I wouldn’t blame you.”
The loft was beautiful, and Dean’s hand-built touches were evident throughout. Large windows with wide wooden sills lined one side of the open room, looking toward a wooded area. The fall leaves made for a picturesque view. The walls were the same red brick as the exterior of the building and the floor was a smooth plane of polished concrete. The kitchen was a mixture of stainless steel and wooden surfaces with shiny utensils and cooking gadgets that Castiel didn’t recognize hanging from hooks along the wall. A wooden dining table with vintage metal chairs sat near the wall of windows and on the opposite side stood tall wooden bookshelves that surrounded a large television mounted to the wall. A very plush leather couch and armchair, a vintage floor lamp casting a pleasantly warm dim light, and a wooden coffee table sat across from the television, and before he could stop himself, Castiel was envisioning long cozy movie nights with popcorn and warm blankets.
“You good?” Dean asked, low enough for only Charlie to hear.
Dean let out a sigh as he draped his arms around Castiel. “No,” he said as they locked stares, “not now. Right now, there’s something else that I want…”
Dean woke up in his own bed when the cold air sent a chill up his spine. He pulled his blankets back around him and settled back into the warmth of his bed, smiling to himself as he wrapped his arms around Cas’s warm body. He’d been right all along.
He pulled himself back to his feet. After grabbing an army green bag from his closet, he began rummaging through his bedroom and bathroom, stuffing things into it. When he was satisfied that he’d collected all the necessities, he jumped into a not-quite-warm-enough shower. He was still rubbing a towel over his damp hair when he emerged back into the kitchen.
likes
“Hey, I got a gift for you,” Dean said quietly enough that only Castiel heard. He pulled a bag from the gift shop out from under his chair.
Cas had decided he should start behaving more like a human after a case went awry when a wraith caught on to his lack of human habits, and ever since then, he’d become very interested in food. He’d apparently come to realize that not all molecules tasted the same, and he was always eager to test out new foods whenever he got the chance.
“Gabriel,” Castiel interrupted, not wanting to hear the rest of that sentence. “She drives you crazy. I get it. Is there a point to this story?”
“Of course, we will,” Charlie volunteered, followed by a deep nod from Jo.
He took Cas’s hands, pulling him toward the bed. They kicked off their shoes and pulled off their jeans before slipping under the covers and into one another’s arms again. As an angel, Cas still didn’t need to sleep, but he put up no argument as he wrapped his arms around Dean, pulling him close to his chest.
“I promise.”
“So, terrible?” Jack asked, taking a few steps before standing to balance once more. “I guess she wasn’t too happy to find out you’re gay.”
“Really? As loud as you two were last night, you’re telling
On Thursday, Dean’s phone pinged, and he smiled as he reached in his pocket to check the message. His smile faded just a little, though, when he realized that the text wasn’t from Castiel, but from Sam.
Castiel didn’t immediately answer, but when Dean finally looked up, he hadn’t been expecting the wide, soft smile and
Dean turned to face him, green eyes locked on blue. “Yeah, I—I just—look, before we go in there, I just wanted to—” Dean closed his eyes tightly, trying to gather his thought and Castiel’s head dropped sadly.
, I’m late.”
Dean thought. “So have I.”
Dean let out the breath he’d been holding.
“I’m still not so sure about this, Cas,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck nervously as he stared at Castiel astride his Harley. Castiel shoved his extra helmet into Dean’s hands anyway.
The anger had ebbed from Gabriel’s face, but he seemed curious. “And what are your thoughts on that?”
Meg craned her neck to whisper into Castiel’s ear. “We’ll be getting somewhere ourselves as soon as we ditch this dump,” she hissed, pecking a kiss on his neck and squeezing his thigh once again. He straightened up quickly, pushing her hand away. He had to put a stop to this now.
Gabriel twisted his face in thought for a second before nodding, “Yeah, okay, you’re probably right about that.”
The car had barely stopped when Dean jumped out of the driver’s side, a mix of worry and relief somehow mingled across his face.
Castiel’s bed had been shoved aside. In the center of the room, blankets, sheets, and a variety of things that Dean recognized from around the bunker were arranged in a circle on the floor. He could see his missing pillow and his favorite red flannel that had gone missing last week in the centermost part of the circle. Along the outside, there were random objects lining the perimeter: his Batman mug, Sam’s headphones, candles and assorted bottles…
“You’re a cuddler,” he said with a smirk.
Sam sat on an old wooden porch swing, checking the clock on his phone once again. Dean was running late. He cast a glare at the broken-down pick-up in the driveway. It had been Bobby’s truck before he gave it to Sam for the purpose of picking up parts for the garage, but Sam was grateful. Just after graduation and finally in charge of his own life, the truck meant freedom. But as he looked at it tonight, it seemed quite the opposite. His father’s house, Bobby’s truck, a job he didn’t want, a life that was so far from what Sam had intended, it barely felt like his own anymore—he felt trapped.
“You should call her,” Dean finally said just before he pulled the Impala into the driveway. “Just say hey, y’know. See how she’s doing.”
Dean refused to let himself react, so he kept staring at the floor. He couldn’t look at his father’s face right now. He couldn’t speak to him. Not if he wanted to keep his resolve.
Anna stood just enough to place a kiss on her younger brother’s forehead. “If he’s everything you’ve told me he is, then I’m happy for you.”
Dean let his head drop down and hit the steering wheel with a groan. “How did neither of us think about the stairs?” There was amusement mixed with the exasperation in his voice. When he sat up to share a look with Castiel, they both broke into a fit of laughter.
, he thought. “Maybe,” he said.
He laughed to himself as he looked around the place. The kitchen was a wreck. Dean and Jo had drunkenly decided that they needed dessert after their pizza and had attempted to take a shortcut by making cookies in Dean’s waffle maker. Castiel’s helmet had found its way onto the coffee table. Charlie had worn it, taking her role as police officer quite seriously, though eventually Sam had to take away her shot glass. There was also a trail of clothes leading toward Dean’s bedroom where Sam assumed his brother and Castiel were still asleep.
Dean bristled. “What—why—I mean, why Cas and me?”
There was a pause and then Dean wrapped him in his arms. The fullness he’d felt before now felt like it was overflowing, and blinding white. What—what
the garage,” Dean answered, patting the steering wheel as they came to a stop, then pointing to the staircase along the left side of the building. “I live above it, though. Shoulda seen this place when I bought it. It had been empty for years. Had to bring it back to life. It’s come a long way.” The pride on Dean’s face as he looked at the building was enough to convey its worth.
Castiel moved closer, his fingers hovering over the freshly painted gas tank. The tank was a smooth, glossy black and a silver pinstripe curled into hand-painted letters.
The small salesman standing beside Sam’s open door bristled, but didn’t dare argue, instead directing his attention to Sam and muttering about horsepower and torque.
“Thanks, Sammy.” John responded, and he truly sounded grateful.
. Like, what do you find attractive? What do you like?” Dean slid his stool a little closer so that they were elbow to elbow. “Okay, look at her, right there. The one in the blue.” He pointed toward a curvy blonde in a tight dress chatting with a shy-looking man at the corner of the bar. “Do you find her attractive?”
Dean peeked through the window overlooking the driveway, watching as Castiel’s Harley disappeared down the street. He tried to convince himself that he was just worried about road conditions, but in reality, the change in routine was just jarring. Without the extra stop, he had another half-hour before he had to leave for work, so he plopped onto the couch and pulled out his phone. He scrolled through some old text messages, checked the weather again, and flipped through his photo gallery of interesting cars and candid shots of his friends and family.
, Dean was a cuddler and he wasn’t even ashamed of it.
Castiel’s heart fluttered. Dean’s tone wasn’t sexual—no, this was something else, and Castiel felt the same way. Since they’d met, a moment hadn’t gone by that Castiel hadn’t ached to be with him. He had questioned whether they were moving too fast, but he and Dean seemed to be on the same page with this whole thing, and he wasn’t about to hit the brakes now.
Dr. Hendricks stifled a laugh and continued. “We should be able to get you a bit more comfortable soon, but we’ve got a few more assessments to take care first, now that you’re awake. Think you’re up for it?”
“You asked me not to,” Cas shrugged. Dean gave him a grateful smile before moving to collect his ingredients.
Dean clapped Sam’s shoulder as he got to his feet. “I’ll, uh, give you kids some alone time.”
But then, Dean Winchester works best under pressure.
He pocketed the phone again, finally exiting the Impala, and made his way up the steel stairs that led up the left side of the building to his front door. Once inside he felt a sudden onset of exhaustion. He hauled himself toward the bedroom, leaving a trail of clothes along the polished concrete floor, until he dropped into his bed wearing only his boxers.
Castiel turned his eyes to Dean, and they stood staring for a moment. Charlie sensed that there was a silent conversation happening right before her eyes, and a moment later, Dean reached back into the refrigerator pulling out another bottle. He opened it and set it in front of Sam.
“I dunno. I like it,” Dean challenged with a glare, his tolerance for Ruby already dipping dangerously low, “It’s better than some douchebag name like Brady.”
He winked, satisfied with the sudden blush that proved he’d at least gotten an ounce of revenge.
When Castiel’s brother Gabriel arrived, Sam stood and greeted him warmly before relaying the series of events that had brought them all here. He was caught off-guard when Gabriel approached to shake his hand.
They both shudder thinking about the sweaty cupid ‘handshake’.
“Sam and Eileen do.”
“No way, he was a butthead.”
Dean squeezes his eyes shut and they breath together in the small space between them.
Jack gasps and slaps a hand over Dean’s eyes, nearly poking one out in the process. “Close your eyes, Daddy!”
“Is that right?”
“You don’t have to marry him and you don’t have to be friends with him,” Cas says, ignoring Dean completely, “but you do have to give him a card and some candy.”
“Not the point; the point is that I didn’t think I would ever like your dad and now we’re married. Things change.”
“I love you, endlessly, Dean Winchester. For everything that you are; the good and the bad. From the moment I saw your soul in hell, so bright it was almost blinding, I knew I would never be the same. You breathed life into me, gave me meaning and purpose, taught me the value of love, and you did it all, selflessly, simply by being the man that you are.” Cas draws him close, presses their foreheads together. “I can never give back all that you’ve given me but I promise you will have my love until we are nothing but a forgotten memory, and longer still.”
“I gave it to you because you never had one before and also you’re the best daddy ever, who makes me yummy chocolate chip pancakes and cheeseburgers and does funny voices for bedtime stories,” Jack explains.
They break apart when two tiny hands push at their faces and Jack tells them to knock it off.
“A butthead.”
“Yes!”
“You making it yourself or is it bagged?”
Cas glares at him. “I expect you to eat a healthy portion of salad along with your pizza tonight.”
“‘Fraid so,” Dean says with a shit eating grin.
He’s expecting a goofy kiss like the one he gave Jack but Cas uses his thumb to tilt Dean’s chin just so and kisses him deeply.
He oversees the careful labelling of the cards, reminding Jack to double check the list of names anytime he spells something wrong and corrects a few backwards letters. They debate who gets what card and Jack complains that he has to give one to Tom who keeps cutting him in line.
Cas makes a sound of agreement and softly strokes the back of Dean’s neck, sending shivers down his spine. “You make a fair point. In all honesty, I don’t want to do anything extravagant but I would like to take the opportunity to remind you how much I love you. Am I allowed to be sappy for a moment?”
“Ugh, enough,” Dean groans, shoving Cas’ smiling face away. “You aren’t allowed to say anything even approaching romantic for the next twenty four hours, capiche?”
Dean smiles and bounces his eyebrows at Cas, who rolls his eyes but can’t hide the small curl of his mouth.
Dean’s heart beats a little faster. “Oh yeah?” he says breathlessly. “Not gonna lie, that seems more like a present for you.”
After the valentines are carefully put away and they’ve had dinner (plastic free and edible, which Cas seems proud of), Jack gets a bath and is tucked in bed. Dean and Cas spend the rest of the night sprawled out on the couch watching reruns of Doctor Sexy and drinking beer. Party city.
Cas hums and leans over Dean, forcing him to lie back on the couch. “Well then I suppose I’ll just have to do whatever you want while you wear them.”
Shit, that should not be so hot.
“C’mon, man,” Dean says, dropping his eyes to the couch.
“And why not?”
“Okay, okay. So you sayin’ you wanna celebrate now?”
“Yes, right, a butthead. While I agree he is a butthead, unfortunately I think you need to be the bigger person. Maybe this will even convince him to stop cutting in line and you two can be friends.”
“Yes, well, the holiday has become so bastardized that I suppose renaming it wouldn’t hurt.” Cas squints at the box the candy came in. “Does no one find it odd that their children are passing around cards demanding others belong to them?”
“Daddy! It’s for Valemtime’s Day!” Jack yells excitedly, hopping off his chair to hug Dean’s legs.
“Sweet, now let's stick some candy in these bad boys and call it a night.”
“While I agree that Tom is a-- what was it you called him?”
When they finally break apart for desperately needed air, they both pretend they aren’t sniffling like little girls.
“Happy Valentine’s Day, I guess.”
“Wait, there’s a extra, what should I do with it?”
Cas lifts an eyebrow and stares him down. “What would you call it, Dean?”
“I hope I didn’t disappoint you by not planning anything,” Cas says, picking at the label on his beer.
The glare intensifies.
“Perhaps your father will help you write your classmates’ names on the cards while I get dinner ready.”
Jack grumbles but does as he’s told. Dean’s legs are starting to fall asleep but he’s become increasingly aware of how fast Jack is growing up and soon-- way too fucking soon, if you ask him-- he won’t be sitting in his lap at all so he silently resigns to not feeling his legs for the next ten minutes.
“Nice try, kid.” Dean taps on the card in front of them. “Get to writing.”
Jack tugs on his sleeve. “Daddy, did you like doing valentine’s stuff in school?”
“It’s pronounced valentine, Jack.”
“I love you.”
“You never know,” Dean says. “I didn’t like your dad when we first met, but I think he’s a pretty okay guy now.”
“Dean.”
“We are, but we never actually discussed it and I…” Cas pauses and tilts his head. “I think having Jack around and seeing the world through his eyes, experiencing things in a new way, it makes me wonder if we’re not missing out on some of the little things.”
Dean sits down and pulls Jack into his lap, flipping through the little pink cards. “I don’t know that you’re supposed to think about it that hard, dude.” He comes across a card that reads ‘kiss me’ and holds it up. “This, on the other hand-- they’re five, what the hell do they need to be kissin’ for?”
“You’re a little kiss monster.” Cas leans in and presses a big, exaggerated smooch to Jack’s cheek. “How was that? Did it satisfy the beast?”
“Hush, I’m allowed, I’ll have you know. My husband gave me explicit permission.”
“You can’t-- you can’t just say shit like that,” he whispers.
He gives Cas a quick kiss. “You trying to give the kid a sugar rush or what?”
“I thought you said you didn’t plan anything?”
Instead of looking annoyed, Cas just looks fond. “You know, it’s ironic that a man as full of love as you are is so quick to dismiss any sentimentality. You are a fascinating creature.” A thumb sweeps under his eye where he’s got permanent dark circles and settles at the corner where his lines get deeper every day. It makes Dean want to squirm but he holds still under the reverent touch. “Perhaps that’s why I never stood a chance.”
Cas points at Dean. “He gets that from you.”
“Alright, I’ll do babysitting duty. Just make sure you take the plastic off this time.”
“Hey, we appreciate lots of the little things-- like you not cooking frozen pizza with the plastic still on.”
“Is there anyone who’s not in your class that you’d like to give a valentine to?”
“Nope.” Dean never got cards but he did get invited under the bleachers a few times in high school to unwrap a different kind of present. He’s not telling him that either, though.
“Because it’s not true, first of all.” Cas opens his mouth to argue but Dean covers it with his hand and hurries on. “You’ve already given all of that back and more. God, Cas, if it weren’t for you I’d have been dead years ago. I needed to stick around-- to take care of Sammy, to stop whatever or whoever was trying to end the world next-- but you… you made me want to live. Really live, not just survive, you know? I fuckin’ love you, man.”
'No, I like it,' he assures him. 'It's very pleasant when it's so slow. Almost like a massage.'
Castiel shakes his head.
'That's okay,' Castiel grabs his hand and places a few colorful band-aids over the cut. 'This will do for the night. We'll just wash up and we can go to sleep.'
'Oh,' Castiel sounds thrown off, but his reluctant devastated scent turns to a surprised one. 'Of course. But are you sure it's what you want? I thought you weren't in the mood to go out anymore.'
'Dean?'
Castiel's eyes stray to his every so often, and at some point, Dean gives him a tiny thumbs-up. Alpha's lips tighten like he tries to hold back a smile, and Dean fights a grin of his own.
'Surely, there are,' Dean replies easily. 'All alphas in the staff room are watching, I assure you.'
'You're always careful!' Dean assures him. 'You never hurt me.'
'How do you feel today?' Castiel asks and takes a bite of his pancake. God, it's good.
'Oh, yes,' Castiel turns the radio on. He tends to forget; he doesn't really care if there's music in the background. He likes to immerse himself in it in a quiet place, at home preferably; in the car, it just often feels like unnecessary noise. But Dean doesn't seem to think so, as he switches the stations until they hear someone "shredding it like cabbage" as Dean calls it with delight. To Castiel, it's just a very fast guitar... he thinks. Then, another song comes on, and it's even louder and more aggressive, and Dean turns it up with a gasp.
Alpha stands up instantly from where he was anxiously sitting on the couch, waiting for them. Sam and Dean walk downstairs together, and then Sam opens the front door.
'What?' Dean cranes his head but of course he can't see anything. 'How the hell did you do that, alpha?'
'Oh I'm the one who makes it complicated?' alpha raises an eyebrow at him, but he sounds amused. 'You know I wouldn't have mated with you without a word, Dean.'
They don't speak. They're two bodies seeking pleasure, two bodies on fire, two bodies becoming one. It's so deliciously slow, too, Dean doesn't know what to focus on; alpha's mouth and hand roaming his body, alpha's other hand trapped in his, fingers brushing his chest; alpha moving leisurely inside him, slipping out, stopping altogether, sometimes. It's so good it almost hurts, and it's just like Dean wanted - Castiel's everywhere, in him and above him and around him, and Dean doesn't worry, doesn't think, he just gets lost in it.
Except, no. He keeps telling Dean that he needs time and that he has it. And that Dean should
'I- I like music?'
'I have something important I need to talk to you about,' Castiel says, and closes the door. Dean stays by it, when he takes a few steps forward.
Dean parks in their usual spot and when he turns off the ignition, he stares at the keys longingly before handing them to alpha.
'We can celebrate every month, if you want to,' Castiel rubs his thigh affectionately. Dean loves the touch.
He feels Castiel's confusion, and he's being led to the hallway, the door closed behind them.
my shoulders,' he tells Dean. 'That is how it's done, yes?'
'Do you... prefer sweet drinks?' he asks, tentatively, and sits next to Dean with his breakfast. 'I've always heard omegas enjoy them. But then you asked for black coffee and just... you know you can drink or eat whatever you want, right, Dean?'
Before he can reply, Dean can smell alpha get furious, shocked, sad - all of it, and it's so intense, it's pure instinct when Dean turns around to him and grabs his arm, as if he can hold him back.
'I mean - please -' he adds, hoping to soothe alpha, but he's interrupted.
'There's nothing easy about it!' Dean yells, indignant. 'You think I
'About my dad and what we were doing. It was like a family secret. You're the first person I've ever- and now it's gonna ruin everything.'
'Well, it's come to my attention that tomorrow's our first month anniversary,' Castiel announces, pushing away the plate. He's finished. 'Would you like to celebrate by going out to dinner?'
Dean and Castiel look up, and Dean freezes in place. It's Sam, standing in the doorway. How much has he heard? How much has he seen? Dean wipes his eyes, violently, and looks down on the tiled floor. A pitiful sniff still gives him away. There's no hiding the fact that he went to the bathroom to have a breakdown like some teenage girl. Sam steps forward, and he cringes away. He feels small and stupid. He's supposed to be the big brother. He's supposed to be strong.
Castiel's not even set the pace yet, but he stops moving, and Dean immediately lets go.
'Alright,' he concedes. 'But you
'Because I know you're not actually planning to leave,' Cas replies, and comes over and sits down, opposite from Dean, with his own white mug with the motel's logo. He stares at the cup for a moment, Dean's silence seeming to rattle him. Slowly, his smile fades. 'Or do you?'
He arrives home just shy of six. He kind of expects Dean to be huddled on the couch, asleep, but he finds him kneeling in front of the door, instead. He forgot to tell him he doesn't need to do this anymore.
'Safe as fuck,' Dean nods, trying to sound comforting. 'I know what I'm doing.'
Castiel comes in within minutes, and he beams when he sees him.
But at least, the son of a bitch paid the price.
'I spilled some water, alpha, I'm so sorry,' Dean rushes out, and Castiel comes closer, his black shoes appearing before Dean's eyes. Dean cringes, bracing for a kick. He hopes it's not under his jaw cause then he could lose his tee-
He sighs, lying down next to his omega and holding him close. Dean sighs back, as if content, and pushes his head against Castiel's shoulder, needily.
There aren't many rules meant to help omegas. In reality, Dean can only think of two. First, alphas aren't allowed to damage his face. The rest of the body is fine, how convenient - but since omegas change owners pretty frequently, they need to look somewhat presentable. Alphas can't also kill them. Bad for business, Dean suspects, or a way to ensure that omega population won't just cease to exist. The second rule is that if an omega wears a collar, they can't be assaulted by anyone they don't belong to.
'Dean.'
when i first decided to post this fic - god, it was something i did on a whim cause i wanted to try new things. i was scared to publish my writing, i was never gonna publish my writing, i never did that before. destiel was my secret guilty pleasure, i didnt talk to any other fans about it. but when i decided to take the Leap, i thought this fic was good enough to post - but i wasn’t sure at ALL. i feel like writing is my thing, but with no objective feedback, it was hard to tell if i was right. my internet experience so far was that people love to drag you, so i honestly expected hate for a)characters not being in character, b)a/b/o not working the way i wrote it, c)my english sucking ass. still, i liked this fic, i liked it a lot. so out of all my half-formed WIPs, this is the one i decided to post and hopefully work on more, if people were interested.
'He never caught the killer, cause when he left me, it was to go after him again. It was supposed to be just two days on my own, and it really felt like we were getting closer. But my dad - well, he wouldn't pick up the phone, and I ran out of beta pills, so as soon as I'd leave the room, someone would notice me and report me. I decided to drive to my brother's.'
'You look classy, alpha,' he says, dazed, and Castiel thinks he can smell a tiny bit of arousal, but maybe it's just all the steamy scenarios he's imagined minutes before.
'But there were some times when-' Dean starts, a faraway look in his eyes. Almost immediately, he glances at Cas and clears his throat. 'Nevermind. Think I'm drunk. I know you don't like to hear about this shit.'
'Yes,' alpha agrees, nuzzling his neck, mouthing at his bite. 'Very nice.'
'Yes,' Castiel assures him. He starts the engine and pulls away. 'She says she's very happy you're doing better. Doesn't need anything from the shop.'
to mean different good than it does; whatever, Dean thinks, a little irritated, today's been too much already, and it's barely past noon.
Dean's broken ribs are a problem, and his tattered clothes, and his hunger and lack of money, and being forced to work for an alpha who owns him. That's a problem, not Castiel's crush.
'I think he couldn't,' Castiel muses, like he's trying to remember something. 'I think the belongings from before are owned by the state. For the time being, I keep them, but once you go back to the center, they belong to the state and then to the next alpha, and so on. I should not be able to get rid of them. I think there's a penalty - if you'd let me, I'd go look for the papers and check-'
There's a pause. Was the honorific wrong? He should address her by her designation, but he doesn't know it, he just feels so helpless.
'So every time we were together, you never experienced pleasure?' the alpha sounds wrecked. 'I was just... inside you and-'
When Dean steps outside, confused, sad and terrified, Castiel feels like his body's vibrating with the need to call it all off and just hug him, despite what he's already decided to do, despite what he knows is logically better for him. He glances at him, just once, and Dean's looking at him, silently begging him to let him come back, and Castiel's chest aches so badly, he almost -
'Did Novak do something to you? Do you need help?' Sam sounds hectic, now, and pissed off in a new way, a way that Dean's not experienced from him. Sam was always angry but he proudly wore it on his sleeve, never hesitating to tell dad what he thinks, never hesitating to sulk and brood and show everyone how unhappy he is. This is different. This is some colossal, terrifying anger, but hidden right under the surface, under the cold steel of his voice, simmering dangerously. It reminds Dean of Alastair, and he hates it.
Castiel takes out a tissue from his drawer and wipes his fingers. 'You have a website to test.'
'Maybe when we get home,' Castiel agrees, a little teasingly, and Dean, his beautiful Dean with flaming cheeks and sparkling green eyes and lips wet and swollen from kissing, nods and drops his eyes bashfully. But he's grinning.
Dean feels embarrassed but still too sleepy to really get scared, so he just bends forward, upper body braced on the front seats, and presents best as he can. Castiel frowns behind him and spreads his cheeks gently.
- 'I didn't know,' he admits. 'I'm at work a lot. He's not out today, he's sick.'
Dean looks up from his crouch where he's been tying his sneakers. Castiel stands above him, looking hesitant, with the collar in his hands.
'Yes,' Castiel confirms. 'Because the users
He should talk to him. He should tell him he heard everything, confront him. He should find out what it really is, whatever they have between them.
'Of course.'
'So, what's up with you?' Dean asks casually, like they're not up in the middle of the night, lost and scared. 'You've been crying.'
to sit down next to him and embrace him, and maybe make him scent him so he knows he's safe, but he's not going to force him.
'Oh,' Dean does understand
'I am
His hands are shaking when he picks up the phone, and not just because of the fever. Dean knew he's been coming down with something for a couple of days, but he didn't expect it to be that bad. Managed to hide it entirely from the alpha, or at least it seemed so. Castiel didn't talk and acknowledge him much so it was hard to tell.
The bottom line is: Dean’s not in love with him, and he plans to leave.
of confidence.'
'Hm?' he asks absently, not ready to face Dean yet.
Then, Castiel's finally in bed, and someone tucks him in with care. He sighs into the duvet. It smells like someone he loves.
Dean hums, too busy stuffing his face with potatoes to answer. He didn't realize he was so hungry. He finishes in record time, while Castiel just stands there and watches him. It would creep him out, but he can't find it in himself to care. The alpha seems approving, too, which is a nice change.
'Thank you,' he replies, and opens the fridge to have something to do. He takes out all the ingredients; the meat, the oil, the eggs. He could probably fry zucchini. He feels the alpha's stare on his back, so he keeps his eyes lowered. Suddenly, the man is right behind him, and he touches his shoulder. Dean stiffens. Okay, so alpha's horny
'I'm going to bed,' alpha says, and Dean's mouth hangs open. 'You clearly need space. We'll talk tomorrow.'
, and we made no progress. That was when dad called.'
Castiel kisses him some, and ruts his cock against his back, slowly. Then lower, and lower, and between Dean's cheeks, the head catching on the rim. There's no consistent rhythm, but finally, alpha enters him - but not in one go, like before. He's in and out, in and out, and Dean feels speared, and he still wants
does, but then remembers the bruises on Beth's body
'Yes, alpha,' he agrees, too nervous to be embarassed, but not to be sad. This time he didn't even want to apologize, he just wanted to show he can still do things. The rejection stings bad, but he just lowers his head not to let the alpha see. It's futile, though; alpha's full attention is on him, so of course he realizes. He can probably smell it, too.
Castiel groans and puts an arm over his eyes. He feels Dean shift in his embrace and look at him.
, alpha,' he says, shuffling closer without thinking. 'You look
'You can do anything you want,' he whispers, staring into the blue depth, transfixed. Kind kind kind.
to get something across.
'I didn't want there to be a scene,' he mutters, dropping his eyes. 'Shit like that happens all the time, and I don't mind.'
'Well, I do it now,' Dean replies flippantly, looking everywhere but at Sam.
'No, no, that's great, Dean,' Castiel gives him back the notepad. 'Write more.'
'You wanna go upstairs?' Castiel asks, finally, not sure how much time has passed. 'Dean?'
'No,' Dean shakes his head, smiling fondly. Leave it to Cas to ask the most humiliating questions and make them sound sincere. 'It's just... I don't know. I'm happy, I guess.' He laughs, because he can't believe it. 'I'm happy, I just wish I could - I don't know. Not feel so... scared, all the time.'
'Yes,' he admits. 'I believe I have been pranked.'
"Oh. Okay," Dean replies slowly. "Fine. I'm grounded, now," he chuckles weakly, and Castiel sighs and runs a hand down his face. "But you can come see me at the house. He's gone tomorrow between eight and twelve."
'I'll protect you,' he promises, keeping his hand firmly in place as Castiel laughs as well, eyes shining, and speeds up again. Dean feels so light, he doesn't remember ever feeling this light around anyone.
a mess. His cock is hard and wet with precome, probably has been the entire time they were sitting on the couch.
'I was wondering, how did you find me?' Sam asks slowly. 'Yesterday, you called me, but how did you catch on? Did Castiel tell you we met, or-'
'Maybe,' Dean grumbles defensively. 'So what if it is?'
And would that be so weird? He didn't want to ruin his property, right? He's put some money into Dean. So maybe him caring about his health was just ensuring he wouldn't have to be fixed a lot, like he was doing with the cold.
'I don't know, I don't know,' Dean shakes his head. 'I'm really scared. Is this real?'
But it's still
Castiel wipes his hand on the covers, and moves to lean over Dean. Dean knows what's coming now - the push of the blunt head of his cock - but he doesn't dread it. He feels loose and ready down there, anticipates it, even. But Castiel doesn't do it, not yet - first, he props himself up on his elbows above Dean, and then closes the distance between their faces, kissing him again. His lips move to the right, leaving a trail of soft kisses on Dean's cheek, along his jaw, and then Castiel sucks on his ear lobe, grazes it with his teeth. Dean feels his cock make a tiny twitch, and he moans again, stifles it instinctively. This feels
'W-why-' he rasps, then clears his throat. 'Why were you worried about me, ma'am?'
'Yeah. The guy killed her and then set the house on fire. But my dad - there were other things. Sigils, signs drawn on the floor and the walls. He was, my dad said he was chanting Latin over my brother's crib when dad went in. My mom was bleeding on the floor. What the fuck, right?' Dean chuckles weakly. Nothing amusing in it, just years and years of sadness and loss and bitterness.
Dean frowns. Yeah, does sound like the IT job alpha has, but...
hi! i know it's been 2 months this time. ive been sick on and off, so this chapter took me the longest to write. thats also why i have been slow responding to comments and didn't get back to some, but i wanna thank you all, cause i read them all and i love hearing what you guys think and it's so awesome to hear this story has really moved you, that some of you reread it, that you wait for updates. i hope this chapter was worth the wait! honestly i had those scenes and the plot twist (?) planned for so long, i no longer know what was supposed to be the plot twist, but i hope it came across lol.
'Exactly,' says Castiel. 'It was very unexpected.'
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean gapes at him with his mouth open like a fish out of the water and Castiel feels some tasteless satisfaction.
'I have an idea,' he says. It might be a terrible idea, but it might also be good. 50/50 chance, and he hopes he lands the latter. 'Every time you wanna thank me, I have something I want you to do.'
'Medicine,' Dean mutters and stares at his hands. 'Don't think I'll make it past the second semester, though.'
'I d-didn't mean to freak out,' Dean whispers, wiping away the tears, but they don't seem to stop.
Castiel grabs Dean by the arm and leads him away. They walk through the office, their steps quiet, leaving behind battered Wilson and various stationery and files littering the floor. Dean eyes alpha, and alpha glances at his own hand in the small of Dean's back, propelling him forward. It's covered in blood.
He didn't wonder what he deserved; he didn't wonder what he wanted. He yearned for something, sometimes, but that was just it, daydreaming, nothing else. He didn't need to take chances. As long as he was good, and he knew how to be good, he didn't need to wonder.
Castiel doesn't like where this is going, it's like Dean's not really in the present anymore.
'Cas,' Dean scolds him lightly. 'Man, I'll get a job. I'm serious. Let me go back to the garage, or look for something new. I can pitch in, I mean, I live here too.'
'I didn't even say anything,' Charlie defends herself. 'You're just funny, Castiel. It's a gift, you don't have to be so surly about it.'
He thinks alpha smells freaking excited when he pulls back.
'I thought, since we're going out-'
'We have different shifts,' Castiel bends down to unpack his laptop.
'In that case I think I'm definitely dropping right now,' Dean declares seriously and Castiel snorts and smacks his chest lightly in such a warm, friendly way, Dean's heart stutters and he stares, eyes wide open, a dopey smile on his face, and that's it, he leans close and kisses alpha before he can lose it.
The alpha leans in and bites him, hard, and Dean chokes on his tongue trying to stifle the scream but a pained sound still makes it past his lips. The pain fades almost instantly, though, and the bite burns pleasantly, instead, and it feels like his entire body is pulsing with it. It aches but it's a good ache, and Dean relaxes. This is his alpha, now. His scent becomes much more insistent, all of a sudden, as well. The smell of comfort and mate are dominating, and that's new, with Alastair it was more... stale, and cold, but this - this is warm, it makes him feel warm.
'Of course,' Castiel replies easily and Dean loves him for it a little bit more.
,' Wilson pants, with a big amount of anxiety. Like he's only realized he might get hurt
He unlocks the car and Dean sits down, hopefully no longer worrying about staining the seat; Castiel zooms through the streets, just below the speed limit, because he still wants to live, and Dean both drives him crazy and grounds him the way he keeps his hand on his thigh, occasionally stroking it with his thumb.
his body alight with pleasure-
Mother steps in after Michael and they go straight to his living room, looking around. Castiel stares outside for a just a second longer, his fingers curled around the doorknob, wishing with everything he has that he could just run away, like he did back in the day.
He voices it like it's a question, so Dean nods mutely, and takes off his shoes and the coat and the collar. Then, he's led upstairs, and there is a bathroom and a spacious bedroom with a king bed in the middle. It has a pretty comforter and Dean runs his fingers along it absently as the alpha turns around to open a drawer.
He expects Dean to be hurt or scared, but Dean just frowns and straightens up, gingerly.
'I'm sure you do,' Castiel placates, putting up his hands, hoping to steer the lighter away from the fuse before it's too late. 'I just didn't think you were the kind of person who would pursue it-'
His nose nestles in the crook of alpha's neck on instinct. Smells like home.
But with Castiel... Dean wants him to succeed. Alpha deserves it. Though right now, he seems a little shocked at Dean's outburst. 'Sorry.'
'Well, yeah, of course,' Dean replies, shrugging, his cheeks pink with embarassment in addition to the flu. 'I know I messed up. I tried to fix it, and I called you because I thought maybe you could forgive me, just this once, but now I -' he scrunches his face as he feels a sudden coughing fit coming, and he can't keep it away. He coughs and coughs and coughs, and it's wheezing and ugly, and when he finally stops, his eyes sting with unshed tears and alpha's holding him. He has his hand on his back and another on his arm, and he's saying something, but it's hard to make out.
'Sure, would be cool,' Dean smiles back at her, but he's anxious for alpha. At least the introductions are over, thank God.
to soothe his mate. Dean sits by the kitchen table. He's pale and there are circles under his eyes.
So Castiel stops in his tracks. Dean's wary, but he looks relieved once the alpha focuses on him. He doesn't seem to be phased by the other man's horrible remarks, more like - it's more like he doesn't
The restaurant is luxurious. A valet escorts Castiel's car, which is something he's really not used to, and when they step inside, he feels underdressed. They make their way through a baroque hall on the lush red carpet and reach the waiter that asks for their name and leads them to their table. Castiel feels more and more uneasy, as they're sat under the huge chandelier, glowing in the light. There's a lot of people around, chattering, all of them wearing either elegant suits or exquisite dresses. The piano can be heard in the distance. At least no one's made a fuss about Dean.
'We weren't fighting over anything work-related,' Castiel replies smoothly. 'And I am not employed here anymore.'
Ketch is pissing everyone off. He shoots down all the ideas people come up with and keeps trying to undermine their hard work, and it's done in that high horse fashion that seems to get on everyone's nerves. At some point, Henry pushes the cupcake container to him, and Ketch just stares at it revolted with a sneer.
Dean does. He steps into Cas's embrace again. They stand there for what feels like eternity, and Castiel doesn't even know where to start, what to say; but holding Dean close feels good. It doesn't fix anything, he knows that, rationally; but it feels like if he holds him close enough, he can protect him from the whole world.
'Ah, during school, am I correct?'
'People send their omegas there to discipline them, so it is a punishment center. Just a different kind, cause they don't beat you.'
Dean definitely does not nuzzle alpha's neck, and definitely does not tighten his hold, because he's scared and overwhelmed and kinda wants to call the whole thing off and go home.
'Well, if you like everything, there's plenty to choose from. Just write four more for me, Dean, can you do that? There are no wrong ones.'
'Yes,' Castiel nods sincerely. He doesn't know what's going on in Dean's head, but his eyes are full of emotions, at least for the two seconds before Castiel has to direct his attention back on the road.
Dean relaxes at once.
'I dunno,' Dean murmurs, swallowing it. 'Weird. Never ate anything like it.'
'Thirteen?!' Castiel exclaims. He processes that for a while, longer than Dean's expected. Then, he says, and sounds astonished: 'Dean, you are... extraordinary.'
'How have you been? You're not hurting anymore?' alpha asks, taking off his shoes and hanging his coat by the door. Ugh. Dean doesn't really wanna talk about it again, but it does hurt some, and it's The Rule, so he has to tell.
'No,' Dean replies. 'No, I don't think so. I think I just had to - had to get out. Sometimes, things don't feel real and it makes me wanna cry, Cas, I'm so scared.'
'What do you think, Dean?' Alastair insists. Dean startles; he almost never uses his name, feels so weird to hear it in his voice. He just shakes his head, refusing to rise to the bait. But maybe it's not a game. Doesn't seem like one. Seems like this entire trip, Alastair's in a genuinely good mood. 'Oh, come on. I know you'd rather be a beta any day,' he rolls his eyes. 'I just don't get
'Of course, take a seat,' Zachariah gestures to the plush chairs facing his desk. 'Is this about the project?'
Dean curls into himself.
'What do you mean grabby?' Castiel interrupts him, disturbed.
'Uh, guys,' Charlie interrupts them, holding up her iPad. 'I think you should see this.'
, the letters spell. Castiel runs his fingers over them; they used to shine gold when Dean first got it and he refused to wear it, and then Alastair caught him trying to cut the letters with a kitchen knife, but one lesson later he knew not to do that ever again. But the paint was gone after the first year, and by then Dean was already ignoring it. He's pretty sure Alastair forgot about it, too; he used to tease him, but that was back when Dean was barely trained. Back when he cared about what his collar looked like, not about just having it on.
'I have tutoring classes every Thursday. You could come then, it would help you with your writing. You have a for and against essay during your finals.'
'Number two, I think,' he replies. 'It's a little more... tangy? Than the others.'
With that in mind, Dean's finally able to fall asleep. Alastair is there, as per usual. But Dean realizes that he's slept at least twice without seeing him, and that's more than he hoped for, plus, he has other things to worry about. Alastair's dead and maybe he's making his life and dreams a living hell, still; but Castiel is alive, and he's the best thing to happen to Dean ever, and if he beats him up tomorrow when he loses it, it'll never be the same. Dean considers his plan one more time in the morning, before Castiel wakes, but he has to do it. He can't let himself feel safe unless he does it.
'I went to the pharmacy yesterday and asked about it. They said it is pretty common if the knotting lasts so long. We can use plugs to make you stretched more, so-'
'Yeah, okay,' he agrees, and grabs a red marker. 'Hey, why'd you get this job, anyway?'
'I'm fine, alpha,' he replies, quietly. 'Can I, uh-'
do it again, and that it'll end differently next time.
(See the end of the chapter for
, why Sam, why  Sam's
'Tell me about it,' he says, but for the first time that day, he doesn't look sad. He seems genuinely amused by Castiel's comment.
Cas drops his eyes, suddenly bashful.
'What's wrong with my heater?'
He opens the laptop again. Sam's still smiling in the photo. He looks his age, and Dean studies his face. There's something... something off. He knows his brother, and he can tell something's troubling Sam, or maybe something's been troubling him for a while. It's in his eyes, or in his slightly sheepish expression, some reluctance in the smile, and all of it tells Dean that he's trying to be nice, but he doesn't feel like he's all there. Something Dean can relate to, a lot.
'It's nothing,' Dean says defensively, tensing up. Castiel doesn't remember the last time he's seen him this jumpy, this
His cock softens right away and Dean feels miserable. It's over. Castiel might not beat him up, but he'll probably dress up and go to sleep, fed up with Dean's nonsense. Or maybe he'll just fuck him to be done with it.
He sounds different. He sounds so, so different, Dean wouldn't have recognized him from the voice alone. He's a man now. No longer sixteen.
But inside, he
Boulderplains is
'Yeah, I will.'
what Dean's doing. His hands travel down alpha's chest, then, lightly skimming over his nipples, and the tattoos,  and his muscled stomach. Dean kneels. He thinks Castiel's gonna protest, for a moment, but he seems to discard the thought, and watches Dean as his fingers go up and down his calves and thighs in wide strokes. His gaze gets a little darker, and Dean thinks -
It only gets better from there. They see polar bears and hippos, and rhinos and elephants and penguins, and they hold hands the entire time. Then, they stop in front of the Reptile House.
'Yes!' he grins. This is not bad at all, it's almost like getting a Christmas present. He thinks. 'I was so happy to get this one,' he tells alpha excitedly. 'It was so warm when I first got it. It was after I had pneumonia and the docs at the center told Alastair to get me one for our first winter together.'
'So you wanted to study...?'
Castiel braces himself for the wave of devastation and anger. It comes. He lets it pass.
'I don't want to scare you,' Castiel sounds completely devastated and it makes Dean turn around to look at him.
Castiel comes closer.
'Shh,' alpha says and cards a hand through his hair. 'I have to open it, to see if we're throwing it away. But you don't have to look.'
'Which one?'
'Dean,' Sam says. Fuck, Sam. Sam's seeing all of this, seeing him come apart to the very core, seeing him be
'No, never! But it's not the same. We're not the same.'
Dean blinks. His face screws up like he's going to cry, though he doesn't want to.
'Isn't that too scary for you?' he asks, and Dean feels his fists clench. Part of him wants to shove all the horror flicks in Castiel's face, so that the man would appreciate something else than goddamn giraffe mating rituals, or whatever.
Only then, Dean realizes what he's talking about - the asshole from before, from the shop. Dean's already forgotten about it, too lost in the weird, new feelings that he was experiencing moments before, but Castiel remembered. He remembered and he checked if Dean was hurt, even without telling him. Even as they were both hard. Jesus Christ.
'Dean,' he says, alarmed. 'Why didn't you tell me you were hurting?'
'Wait!' Adler marches up to them, and puts his hand on the door, blocking the way. Castiel and Dean stop, abruptly, and stare at him. 'Listen. You gotta work with me, here, Castiel. I can't fire Wilson, I need him, but maybe there's some other compensation we could come up with? For example - I know how crazy you are about that project of yours. I can make it happen right now! Hell, I'll call Dick Roman himself, get you the best design team. What do you say?'
- Dean scurries back, runs into a chair and trips, taking it down with him. His bare ass hits the ground and now it really hurts, and he curls up into a ball, a familiar position, and protects his head. It means he's not protecting his lower body and he's shaking, waiting for the pain, not hearing anything but his ragged breathing, making a wheezing sound where it's trapped in the hot space between his elbows and the ground.
Dean does it, stiffly, but Castiel pulls him closer with his free hand and he gets the memo and wraps his forearms around his neck. There's still enough distance between them that he could see what Castiel's doing, but he's not gonna. He's gonna stare right into his eyes.
'Good,' he says. 'It smells delicious, I can't wait to see what you've picked. I'll drive us to a place where I used to go years ago, I hope you're going to enjoy it.'
Castiel disconnects the call and Dean realizes he forgot to tell him a fact. He'll pick something and have it ready for when the alpha arrives.
Dean thinks and smiles. He really hopes the tea will help alpha chill out. The family thing was bad enough, and they talked a little but it's only been a day, but then the box... Dean wonders if maybe it left alpha feeling as bad as him. Cause alpha keeps trying to make everything nice, and life - or Dean - keep shooting him down.
'I just wanna have sex,' Dean complains. 'Why do you have to make everything so complicated?"
He decides to think about it at home.
‘Oh, no, don’t be so harsh on him,’ Zachariah waves his hand in the air. ‘Look, sometimes omegas just see alphas they like, and they act inviting.’
Castiel picks at his slice but sounds interested when he inquires:
It sounds unreal. Just yesterday, he thought all this... it wouldn't have happened. He thought the killer was at large or dead cause he got old, he thought dad was long gone, Sam was away living his sweet lawyery life with a mate and some kids.
'Shut up, that's pathetic. Get us that beer,' Alastair snarls and steps over his trembling form, goes back to the couch and joins his friends.
'Oh, that's alright,' Castiel replies. 'If you prefer - I wasn't sure if you'd like to do it. I'm not much of a cook myself.'
'No, it's fine,' Dean's actually intrigued. 'Can I see?'
'Yes,' he says. 'Wanna see them koalas.'
'I apologize,' he says, his voice low. 'I'm disappointing you.'
'Here,' he points to page 42, a big photo of a red Mustang. 'This one was my favourite. I must've spent hours just staring at it. Well, not at once, but you know. It's not better than the Impala, nothing is, but I thought it'd make a good getaway car.'
'You really are great at this, pet,' he told him, and Dean smiled hesitantly. He knew Alastair didn't really mean the zombies. He meant all the right moves Dean had pulled that let him get the job. 'Wanna play one last round?'
