Your letter, smuggled to me by Mycroft’s PA amongst his latest papers, makes it clear that I may have overestimated the ease with which you would move past my demise.
With the sharp crack the sound of a shot rung off the hard surfaces of the room and blood blossomed at Molly’s shoulder, spreading quickly into the water around her. Molly screamed.
There’s nobody I can talk to about this, Sherlock. We didn’t talk about it while you were here, and even if you weren’t dead, we probably still wouldn’t. But the ghost of you keeps climbing into bed with me and Mary, and it has to stop. It’s got to… or I’ll go mad with the guilt I’m feeling.
Sherlock nodded with a huff of frustration, his eyes steadying and clearing, “Yes, I’ve taken my birth control. Yes I give my consent as an adult Omega. Yes, I accept that whatever happens in this heat is with my full permission and
Sherlock stopped, uncurled his clenched fingers before continuing more calmly, “My people have grown up, John. It’s the hunters that remain in the dark ages.”
They sat there like that, pressed together and trembling, slick with sweat and release, panting and gasping, hearts thundering against each other for long minutes, until finally, John lowered his head to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder, placing gentle kisses against the skin there as Sherlock leaned against the headboard, arms lax at John’s waist.
“You were cutting it fine,” John struggled to keep his voice level against the tide of pheromones washing over him.
Finally, Sherlock shifted a little, lifting his sticky hand away from John’s now flaccid cock and hesitated, holding it carefully in midair, seemingly unsure whether it was alright to wipe it on the sheets or if that would seem impolite. John rolled onto his back and, noticIng the confused expression on his face, chuckled easily.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed as the look of menace began to drop away and was replaced by curiosity, gesturing slowly he asked, “May I?”
A dark, velvet chuckle echoed at John’s side and something blossomed in John’s chest that he seemed, happier, more settled.
John grinned at the restoration of something like normality between the two of them, “Alright, if you’ve finished what passes for flirting with you two…”
John’s not sure how they got here. No, that’s not entirely correct, he thinks. He knows how they got here, and he even knows when it started. He’s just not entirely sure how they got…
Ella said this would help, she was wrong. I’ll never be over you, but maybe I can be beside you. Maybe if I’m careful, and Mary never realises, I can sometimes pretend you’re curled behind me, warm, and lean and pale. And I can feel your fingers on my skin and your laugh at my back. And you’ll chase the nightmares away.
The pieces clicked into place as he cracked his eyes open expecting, and confirming, that he was indeed in Sherlock’s room and wrapped in the sheets of Sherlock’s bed.
There was a long quiet pause during which John rapidly considered other options for where he might be able to grab a few hours of rest if Sherlock continued to refuse entry. Finally, there was the snick of a lock and Sherlock opened the door only enough to allow them to talk quietly through the gap.
John chuckled, “Oh, you have no idea,” his tongue appeared briefly, swiping the middle of his bottom lip and Sherlock groaned, “let’s get rid of the rest of these clothes, yeah?”
“I rather think Mary would be more appropriate given the delicate nature of the matter we’re discussing… Sherlock.”
John’s face fell and the eyes, so moist and soft, hardened in a moment and he dropped his head with a sigh, “Right… S’ok, didn’t think… was right…”
“C’mon, into the bedroom with you. I’m not taking you against the wall for our first time.” He helped Sherlock toe off his shoes and rid himself of his ruined trousers.
John’s hand curled to a fist, knuckles resting on the timber, fighting an internal battle between want and should. He lifted the fist and hovered an inch above the sounding board of the door and gritted his teeth. With a harsh huff of breath, he pulled his hand away and turned to lean his back against the door as he slid down it, frustrated tears threatening to rise. Their time was past, his commitments made. He closed his eyes and let his head drop toward his knees as exhaustion, both physical and mental sapped the last of his strength and he slipped into an uneasy sleep.
A complex combination of expressions darted across Sherlock’s face. Shock, a trace of anger and sadness before he settled on something more interesting, something John hadn’t seen before.
Sherlock put down the page he’d been reading and gestured to the floor near him, “You should come here, it will help me explain.”
“No… ‘M not finished,“ John mumbled, “you’re… “ he leaned out to tap on Sherlock’s chest and sighed deeply, “why aren’t you…?”
I know you felt me tense, I’m sure you expected it and had the plan all worked out in your head. What would you have done if I’d pulled away and out of your bed? Would you have let me go… coaxed me back? We’ll never know because I didn’t pull away, did I? I let you hold me, snug against your chest. Curled up behind me, your ridiculously long legs stretched against the backs of my thighs, and both of us ignoring the way your public hair was pressed against my arse cheeks.
If he hadn’t been watching for it, he’d have missed the firm hand Sherlock ran over his fly and the quiet moan that he detective couldn’t quite suppress as he stepped from the car, turning quickly away to hide what he was doing.
John dropped his eyes, “I didn’t know if I still belonged there anymore. This isn’t about me, Sherlock. This is because I broke something, and I need to try and make it right for you. This is so you know that sometimes, things can’t be fixed, but maybe they can be replaced by something else. Maybe something better.”
John couldn’t suppress the sudden laugh at the memory, “Yes… yes, I think one at a time might be best for everyone.
“They found her at the aquarium,” Lestrade’s voice was barely audible, “Just come, soon as you can. Please.”
Sherlock’s fingers fisted in the woolen fabric of John’s coat as he leaned forward, seemingly wanting to pull the shorter man closer than physical limits would allow. With a deep growl he rumbled against John’s mouth, “Off; take your coat off.”
“I know, but at least he already knew we were there. He’s promised an answer by the morning. Now…”Sherlock had started the reflexive rubbing of his thigh again, “if you’d like to excuse me, I’d appreciate it if you could just get into bed and go to sleep because I’m apparently going to be spending the evening masturbating in the bathroom.”
imagine… almost believe that we…” He leaned his forehead against the cold glass, “but that’s done now, no sense in dwelling on fantasy notions.”
“Now wait a minute!” John didn’t like the way this conversation was heading. It seemed that any credit John may have earned for saving Sherlock’s life had been forgotten.
quite enough. This experiment has been an utter failure. I think Mycroft was right all along, sentiment is
The tension fell from Sherlock’s limbs and he was suddenly pliant under John’s hands, all resistance surrendered, “Yes… please, yes.” he whispered.
There are certain words that set John’s hackles on edge, ones that can spell injury and death. Gun….drug…explosions…knives. Rolling Sherlock gently, the severity was clear to see. A long, deep gash ran through the coat, Sherlock’s shirt and through the pale skin of his torso. Within the rapidly spreading blood, John caught a glimpse of ribs and worse.
There was something altogether peculiar, Sherlock thought, about the way disrobing in front of a man you intended to become intimate with differed from disrobing for purely practical purposes. His arms suddenly felt too long, and his fingers seemed oddly stiff as they worked buttons and laces free. It made no logical sense, he told himself, the mechanical function of –
Sherlock panted behind him, face pressed to John’s neck and placing sloppy wet kisses whenever it came into reach, and whenever John’s hips flexed backward, he’d grind forward, tilting his own hips to slide his cock along the groove of John’s arse, and John could feel the sticky wetness of pre come dampening the fabric separating them.
“The urge has gone. It appears to have a limited lifespan,” he pulled his hand out from under the covers, grimacing a little at the mess still clinging to his fingers and waggled it experimentally, “some residual stiffness, but it appears to have left no ill effects.”
He checked his reasoning again, replayed the scene once more to be sure and the answer was clear. All the evidence pointed to John’s unwavering loyalty. There was just one last step to take.
“Still. It doesn’t seem to matter that it feels like I’ve rubbed the top layer of skin off, I still have this… urge,” there was a hiss of pain and Sherlock rolled to his side, curling in on himself in an instinctual effort to protect himself.
He found John serenely reading the previous day’s papers, a peaty curl of smoke wafting from the pipe clamped between his teeth. The soft light from the gas lamp brought the sharp point of his knuckles where they held the newsprint into sharp relief.
“Well, that’s disappointing,” Sherlock pouted in mock dismay, “I was rather hoping you’d like me to stop so you could fuck me.”
“… and pleasure, I should have mentioned that. It was for me, in any case.” Sherlock leaned his head against John’s fingers where they carded through his curls.
And so, gradually, normality returned. A new, better kind of normal, with carefully balanced duality that fulfilled his very soul. Truly blissful times with his darling, socially acceptable Mary. A life where she was free to pursue fulfilling, intense work with Mycroft, and came home to his strong supportive arms and solid bedrock of their marital home, and he spent quiet afternoons with roast dinners and was able to indulge his nighttime need to coddle, and cherish. At the same time, he had a life with his beloved, reckless detective; days of danger and risk, mixed with nights of passion and abandon. If he thought it wouldn’t be tempting fate, he’d feel guilty at his good fortune.
Sherlock remained dedicated to the slide under the microscope lens until John reached out to gently touch him on the arm, at which point he jerked back as if struck and rose to step away from the table.
With another glance at his watch, he finally sighed in resignation and paid the bill, heading down the hallway to knock on the door of their shared room.
“A couple of hours. I’ve been reading.” He indicated the now closed file on the coffee table between them, “Are you willing to discuss it rationally?”
“Gonna come, Sherlock. Oh God, you’re gonna make me come,” he managed, as his hips finally gave up resisting the urge to lift from the bed, pushing himself through the ring of Sherlock’s fingers.
He got nothing but a rigid nod of the head in reply and the silence continued until Sherlock huffed a frustrated breath and pulled off to the side of the road.
Sherlock’s eyes widened as he cleared his throat, “Yes, of course, yes. I’d never presume to expect you to stay that long. In the future Mary will, of course, take priority.”
He dragged in a longer breath, more controlled, “John, as tempting as that is, I’ve waited too long to let you skip a course.”
Sherlock granted John one of his rare contrite looks accompanied by a nod, “Possibly it would have been prudent for me to share that the lock on that door is broken somewhat earlier.”
John took the opportunity to put some space between them and rubbed his neck, surreptitiously checking for blood on his fingers.
“Alright…” John chuckled, “I know better than to argue with you. Draw the curtains while I hang this up.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, “No,” he said decisively “No, I wouldn’t do that to you,” he cocked his head thoughtfully, “actually, I’m not sure I
as he stood in the sitting-room, hands fisted at his side, quivering with adrenaline and the need to remark his mate.
“Then what, Holmes,” John’s voice softened, using the stillness of the small hours to encourage an atmosphere of confidentiality.
“M-Must be… insane then,” John’s head fell heavily back against Sherlock’s shirt, “Because I t-t-trust you.”
Sherlock’s door closed behind him, granting the privacy and safety of the solid wood between them, blocking the urge to reach and touch further, and John drew in a harsh and ragged breath as he leaned against the barrier.
Almost two hours later, Sherlock hadn’t reappeared and John had polished off his risotto and picked all the tomatoes from Sherlock’s now cold pasta dish. He’d finished both his first Scotch and his second, as well as Sherlock’s and he was running out of excuses to hold the table.
The two men stared at each other, bristling and edgy until Sherlock’s eyes flicked again to the file on the table, “What’s that supposed to be?”
With trembling fingers, John gently pushed Sherlock’s hair away from his face and lay back on the bed, surrendering utterly to whatever Sherlock planned, “More… please.”
John shivered under Sherlock’s needy grasping at his shoulders, “More than ready… my jeans are ruined” he glanced at where they lay in a sodden pile behind Sherlock. “Fuck, Sherlock. We could have had this for the past three months.”
And he knew John was holding himself back. Simmering below the surface, clear for Sherlock to deduce was the soldier he knew John to be. Trained, prepared and simply awaiting the call to arms.
Barely a minute of scrabbling later, and they tumbled back onto Sherlock’s bed, skin-to-skin. There was a moment when the reality of the situation seemed to simultaneously hit home to them both, and they stilled, staring into each others faces, breathing hard but searching each other for some sign that this was real until Sherlock lay a palm against John’s cheek and without a word, John took it and kissed the palm, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s face.
John’s brittle expression softened minutely as the corner of his mouth tugged upward slightly, “Course you did, don’t know why I was surprised.”
Sherlock tipped forward to crawl toward John, “I definitely think you’re overdressed. Let me help you with your coat… sir.” Without making a move to undo the button, he settled his fingers at the top of John’s shirt, waiting for permission.
There was a moment of fumbled searching until John’s hand settled on Sherlock’s hip, urging him downward with a soft chuckle, “It’s fine, Sherlock. You can’t support your weight like that for hours, and anyway,” John continued to tug him downward until their hips slotted together, “the more the merrier.”
I lean across him, chest to chest, and push. One arm around the wrist of his outstretched arm, the other across his clavicle and palm down on his shoulder joint, flexing away the cramp.
I wonder if you’d remember how it all began. That cold winters night when I was finally defeated by my own demons. Would you remember that dark night when I finally surrendered and stood in my underwear, shivering with cold, and fear, and adrenaline at your bedside? Remember how you turned over under your blankets? I remember; I remember how in the dim light, you raked me over with your eyes, deducing my soul and then soundlessly lifted the edge of your sheet and wordlessly beckoned me in.
“Oh,” Sherlock bit out the exclamation with something like awe as he felt their erections bump together as the chill between them was banished.
“Shower… and then I have an extensive list of other things I want to try,” Sherlock murmured as he reached to turn the doorknob.
Sherlock nodded, pulling his robe off his shoulders and then smoothly lifting his t-shirt up over his head as John briefly stood to finally rid himself of his jeans.
“Right,” John took a step back, his shoulders lifted as he considered their options, “let’s look around and see what we can find to keep us warm.”
Instantly awake, John froze with terror and shuddered at the throaty groan from the man at his side.
With a fluidity and speed belying his fluffy jumper image, John was out of the chair and driving Sherlock backward into his own before Sherlock even considered what response would be appropriate. He found himself pressed back, John’s right hand tight around his throat.
John wasn’t faring so well, having been awoken from his position slumped messily at the foot of Sherlock’s door. For a moment Sherlock’s eyes had flashed with regret before he stepped lithely over him and strode to the sitting room calling back over his shoulder, “Awake Watson, Mrs Hudson will soon be here with our breakfast. It wouldn’t do for you to be lounging around as if you’d slept on the floor.”
lose me,” John repeated firmly, laying a gentle hand at Sherlock’s jaw to ensure he maintained eye contact.
John drained the last of his scotch in one gulp, “Sherlock… I’ve wanted to… share a meal with you for some time.”
It should have freaked me out; it does when anyone else touches it. But you were so gentle, so careful. Tracing first with fingertips and then thumbs, testing how the skin moved and resisted. I could tell you were comparing the feel of the scar to that of the skin around it, walking the lines with your fingertips. Then, once you were done, you lay a flat palm over the mark, as if to obscure it. I though that’s what you were doing, wondering how I’d look without the deformity. But then you kissed the top of your hand where it lay over the ruined skin.
who have a few pints with, call each other an arsehole and then it’s all fine the next day. I told you once, long ago; I don’t have friends. There’s never been anyone who spared a kind word for me,” Sherlock looked down at his hands, flat and tense on the table, “… until you. You came along and called me
Without a word, Sherlock rose and stepped to the door, closing it against the chance they should be overheard before he returned to his seat, “This concerns your husband.”
“I’m beginning to think this plan has several flaws,” Sherlock said, voice bouncing back off the cold metal, “not least of which is that I appear to have underestimated the physiological consequences of this particular situation.”
Sherlock scrabbled to comply, pushing up onto his knees, face crashed against the pillows so he could awkwardly hold his own arse cheeks apart, displaying himself to John’s greedy eyes.
They don’t understand, if there was nothing going on between us, why I’m still grieving. Greg (Lestrade… you git), Molly, Harry, the rest; they were all great for the first six months. But slowly, and with a greater or lesser degree of frustration they all told me to ‘get over it.’ Molly probably held on the longest. She seemed to understand that you’d single-handedly brought me back from the dead and without you by my side I’m like a ghost, forever doomed to walk the Earth alone.
With a long waking breath drawn through his nose, the detective's eyelids opened and he looked blurring toward the doctor, “John?” He mumbled on the intake of breath before shaking his head a little and correcting himself to the more formal, “Watson?”
Slowly, Sherlock focussed on him. Yet his face remained blank and his voice was flat when he finally responded, “Oh, I didn’t realise you were here.”
“Begin with tea; tea always helps,” Sherlock nudged the cup closer and John enfolded it with both palms. Sherlock was right, the heat against his hands contributed to ground his whirling thoughts and in a very literal sense, gave him something normal to cling to.
John huffed out a long, slow breath and forced the tension from his shoulders. Whatever was going on, he needed to trust that if Sherlock said it was safe, then it was. After all, when the situation was dangerous, Sherlock never hesitated to highlight it, shortly before running toward it.
“Yes… no. Sorry, I’m not making myself clear,” he huffed in frustration at his inability to articulate what he meant, “It’s you, Sherlock, It’s always been you. I’ve just noticed it more recently, imagining those hands, those amazing, tactile, brilliant, agile hands, and imagining what they’d feel like on me. It’s not your hands; it’s the idea of what you… could do to me with them.”
Sherlock smirked, his eyes bright and wicked, “Perhaps just a little taste then, just to rouse the appetite.” Sherlock bent to release the button and eased the zipper down.
Sherlock had expected some repercussions from their exposure to the DNA altering compound and the heat that followed. But he hadn’t anticipated this.
Perhaps sensing something of Sherlock’s anxiety, John murmured quiet endearments, to low to even make out the words and gently covered Sherlock’s fingers with his own, slowly guiding the buttons through the holes, one at a time, pausing between each to allow Sherlock to gain a measure of calm at the movements.
Sherlock turned around, looming, his warm breath drifting over John’s forehead, his eyes were dark, haunted and hopeless.
“Or friends. It’s small-talk John. It’s how we get to know each… Oh damn it, I’ll start,” Sherlock leaned forward in mock concentration, “So… you have a girlfriend?”
Sherlock managed only two more circuits with shaky fingers before he spread his fingers wide against the middle of John’s chest and pulled him back ward with a groan, burying his face in the short hairs at a the nape of John’s neck and holding him tight.
“Thought we were discussing you, not me.” John shifted where he leaned back against his chair, rolling the ice cubes around in his scotch glass.
His fingers tighten in my hair and I gasp, opening my mouth further and he delves back in, clearly intent on taking up residence in that wet hollow. I can feel him smiling, even around his kisses. He is happy, I realise, deeply and irrepressibly happy to be here with me, sharing this and nothing more. Our hips may beg to differ, but the way he is totally involved in the plundering of my mouth tells me that this is something John Watson enjoys in and of itself.
As John’s eyes held Sherlock’s, the detective opened his mouth and uttered the words that would change their world forever…
John rolled onto his back deciding that if, at last, they were going to talk about this, he’d like to at least be able to make eye contact, “Sherlock, there’s nothing
“John,” Sherlock ground out under his mouth, “yes, this, John… like this… I need this,” Sherlock moaned as John’s fingers tightened in his hair, tugging well past the point of gentle, “Oh! That,” he managed, “dear God… Yes, don’t stop, please don’t stop.”
“Well, yes,” Sherlock paused and then forged on, “but before that, I told you… I told you that you were my only friend. Surely you understood… surely?”
Silence fell in Sherlock’s bedroom, The sound of John’s rapid breathing the only reprieve. Now that the truth was out, Sherlock had ceased the fraudulent rise and fall of his chest and there was a new layer to his preternatural stillness.
Sherlock returned sometime after midnight. John wasn’t sure exactly when, as he hadn’t moved from his spot on the sofa. His eyes were gritty and his throat raw, and when Sherlock eased quietly, almost apologetically through the door, he lifted his head and hoped his eyes didn’t show the pathetic desperation that he felt deep in his bones.
John reached out to lay his hand on Sherlock’s where it was still wrapped in its cocoon of red cloth, “God, yes.”
“In that case, I never want anyone else. I just want you, doing that… forever.” John panted, gasping for breath during Sherlock’s short respite.
You ask me why I moved away from you on that dark and emotion-laden night, whether I wish you’d followed my movements and pressed for more. You know the answer to that already John. You were always in lock-step with me, barely a pace behind me at every turn. So, in much the same way that you had reached your limits; so had I. Trust your instincts, John, they’ll never lead you astray.
“He’s just sitting here,” Molly’s voice was hushed, muffled in a clear attempt to conceal her conversation.
“There,” he said, as he double checked the lock, “wouldn’t do to have unexpected visitors in the morning.”
“Seat… sit… now,” Sherlock mentally pushed, just a little and Molly seemed to blink and move toward the chair as if on auto-pilot.
Sherlock raised a hand to rub at his eyes, before running his fingers up and through his tangled curls,
There was no response from Sherlock, who simply jotted some observations in a small notebook and continued his study.
“What’s the problem,” John muttered around the pipe stem, lowering his paper, “too many thoughts spinning around in that big head of yours?”
Sherlock grinned, realising that as the initial wave of frantic lust was slaked, he was becoming able to temper his mindless rutting with more purposeful actions. After the previous three days of heat with John, his mind palace had helpfully stored away a treasure-trove of untapped detail on what his Omega wanted and needed. With access to his rational mind, Sherlock was able to combine it with his Alpha’s stamina and drive, playing John the way he played his beloved violin.
“As often…God, yes… as often as we want,” Sherlock reached blindly behind himself to fumble in the side table for a condom and lube.
“Stay there, Sherlock, or so help me I will END you, I swear it.” John’s hand moved carefully to the gun at his waist.
“That was a good night, Sherlock, thanks.” John huffed around a high pitched giggle, “For giving us a second chance, I mean.” He looked to the man on his left with a smile.
John settled more comfortably, now lounging against Sherlock, his hand shifted from Sherlock’s throat to nestle in his hair, “No more mind tricks. I mean it, Sherlock. You said last night was about trust.”
Sherlock seemed suddenly to realize himself and brushed away the tears, clearing his throat thickly, “Agreed. It won’t be easy, you understand that?” He rubbed his fingertips together as if concentrating on the bloody fluid between them, but John knew his focus was entirely elsewhere.
They stumbled through the door laughing and panting for breath, much like their original first night together. There’d been no mislaid cane this time, and no breathless cab  chases through the streets, but the buoyant mood was startlingly similar as they leaned against the wall in the downstairs hallway.
"The fall of the British Empire would be close behind,” the laughter threatening the corners of John’s mouth and the wrinkles blooming at the corners of his eyes bracketed the reply.
and doesn’t mind me keeping eyeballs in the fridge. Someone who would grieve for me for two years and then forgive me for not being dead. Someone who made a mistake and hurt me, but wouldn’t let me walk away when I was ready to give up. Yes, someone like that would be my type.”
“We should have gotten something to eat.” John reached to refill his own glass, missing the bottle on his first grab.
The silence sat, pensive and loaded, John breathing a little too loud at the prospect of Sherlock touching him, getting some attention for his increasingly demanding erection and Sherlock still fidgeting in the other bed.
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer but nothing came out. His reserves exhausted, he stumbled the remaining steps to his room before closing the door behind him. Throwing himself face down on the bed, he buried his head in the pillow and desperately muffled his screams of anguish.
At the feel of Sherlock’s skin on his own, John moaned again, Sherlock’s name contained somewhere in the sound as Sherlock’s hand began to move.
Sherlock was once again in his chair, hands relaxed on the arms and simply… sitting. He’d been there for four hours. John’s voice was rough with disuse, which probably meant they’d gone yet another day without any words exchanged. Sherlock had once warned him that he went for days without speaking, but enough was enough.
John’s eyes narrowed thoughtfully at Sherlock’s discomfort, “On one condition, if you won’t answer that question, then you must concede to answering another.”
“I think you do,” she flipped open the cover, “he’s been killing for years, John, right under your nose.”
Without warning, the reality of the situation came crashing over them as John looked down at Sherlock, prone on the rug, chest bare and rosy flush stretching up his neck to his face. The scar from the bullet that had almost taken him away still showed, a pale divot on his chest. John gasped a stuttered breath and swallowed hard.
“Of course I want you home.” Sherlock’s gaze flicked up, eyes shining in the dim light from the vehicles, “Of course.”
John turned in the cage of Sherlock’s arms, laying the bowl aside in favour of placing his hands on either side of Sherlock’s face and drawing him into a deep kiss, “Perfect.”
The laugh, when it came, was unpleasant and his eyes narrowed even further, “How comforting it must be, to not remember. But don’t worry, John, I have my own methods for deleting unwanted material. Those little, irritating
Sherlock turned, the sheet grasped against his chest in one pale hand as the other closed the lid of his laptop, “Hmm?”
The room seemed unnaturally quiet without Molly’s presence to warm it. But of course the full horror, Sherlock thought as he first glimpsed the sheet covered body on the autopsy table, was that Molly was here after all.
John scratched idly at the nape of his neck, “I didn’t want people thinking you were the cause of…” John coughed, “you know… Mary.”
“Oh,” Sherlock’s eyes flicked briefly toward his own bedroom before his lips tightened, “of course. Night John.”
John stroked a thumb over Sherlock’s cheekbone, wanting nothing more than to keep this soft, sleepy look of satisfaction on Sherlock’s face forever, “I don’t mind. If it helps, I’ve wanted to do this for months.”
Finally having given himself permission to succumb, John’s fingers breached the boundary separating Sherlock’s pyjamas from his skin and ran his nails up Sherlock’s lean back, delighting at the way Sherlock arched against him in response.
Sherlock weighed the harsh honesty of John’s words together with the rictus grip on his sleeve. Calmly and firmly he reached down and unfurled John’s fingers one by one as they stared at where their hands touched. Once detached, he held John’s hand in his own as if unsure whether to let go.
“Can I talk to you?” John folded his morning paper and put it aside, his heart hammering in his chest.
And he was so quiet, Sherlock thought. While they both knew that with Mrs Hudson downstairs, and the house settled for the night, they would need to watch the sounds from upstairs, this was ridiculous. John was approaching the taking of Sherlock’s virginity with something like monastic worship.
John considered for a moment, “No, but he was like that this morning. I tried to ask him but he shrugged me off. You want me to come and get him?”
“Yeah,” Lestrade looked thoughtful for a moment, seemingly in two minds about saying something before he decided on a simple nod and turned to leave.
“Alright.” Closing the book he’d been reading while eating breakfast, he gave John his full attention.
The look on Molly’s face was equal parts relief and disgust. Having had all the facts and evidence lain out before her in typical Sherlock fashion, it was abundantly clear that there were holes in the evidence. Also clear was that the Hunter hierarchy had been completely taken in by the plausible facts at hand and hadn’t looked deeper.
“Christ, Sherlock,” John arched against him, desperate for more skin, more touch, more of everything, “close.”
I wake to John wrapped around me, or perhaps I’m wrapped around him. It’s hard to tell, with our limbs entwined under my rich sheets. I’m warm, comfortable and with John’s cheek on my shoulder and his breath bathing my chest in gentle waves, I am unmistakably aroused.
It was a near thing; the professionalism. When John eased through the door, he was confronted with the almost unimaginable. Sherlock’s bed was strewn with tissues, and the man himself was naked from the waist down, a situation that would probably have been more arousing had the top half of his flatmate not still been swathed in a crisp white shirt and his suit coat.
Sherlock swiftly calculated the risk inherent in committing to an unknown compared with the certainty already in play. He rapidly considered a dozen plausible explanations as to how John might have ruined his bed while skirting around the inconvenient truth; that the smell of John lingering on his sheets was distractingly arousing. In the end, he simply winced and nodded.
“I most certainly can,” and with a nod to her two guards, they lifted her and pitched her off the edge. The two tanks dropped swiftly, the cables linking them to her ankles unspooled as they sank to the bottom of the tank, briefly jerking Molly’s head below the surface before she furiously waved her arms in the water to keep her face above the surface.
John checked the notes again, her name was Justine Miller and she’d been an unremarkable assistant to an equally unremarkable office manager, “Was she important to you in some way, Sherlock?”
As John felt the first rush dissipating, Sherlock shifted his fangs against his neck, barely moving them and John arched again, helpless as the shudders gripped him again and he cried out in ecstasy as his still hard cock tried vainly to respond a second time.
“Fuck.” John whispered and quietly left the room, ascending the stairs to his own. Slipping inside he threw the stake on the bed and slid down the wall to sit on the cold floorboards in the dark of his room, alone with his thoughts and his failure.
“Good,” he ducks his head to lick at a nipple and I shudder in reaction, “I’d hate to be the only one.”
“JOHN!” Sherlock shuddered around him, squeezing and milking him as he felt warmth spread outward, deep inside the detective’s body.
“Now, please,” he begs and I relent begrudgingly. Watching him like this is an indulgence, one that I am revelling in, but I am in danger of losing sight of the fact that his pleasure is my priority. My fingers slip out easily and I am in position before he has a chance to bemoan their lack.
John sat transfixed by the way Sherlock’s hand disappeared and reappeared at the hem of his jeans, the sight inexplicably filthy, “No… “ he managed shakily, “No, I think we should enjoy the meal together.”
“I know,” John murmured back, picking at flaking paint on the handrail, “of course, it’s not that I don’t –“
“Jesus, how drunk did I get?” Even the sound of the gas jet under the kettle seemed abnormally loud.
“Look John, I can’t keep on like this,” he gestured at his crotch, “I can’t work, I can’t think, I can’t even go out in public. I need to know what they’ve done to me.”
Sherlock answered with an easier nod and a somewhat wicked smile, “Oh, I’ve heard cuttlefish can be quite adventurous, given the right circumstances. Truce?”
Sherlock looked at him thoughtfully, “About two weeks, probably. Your entire blood volume needs to replace itself,” at John’s horrified look, he added, “sorry.”
Sherlock sighed and for the first time, John recognised it for the conscious behaviour that it must be. Without the need to breathe, the huff of frustration required a determined act. John smiled ruefully at the realisation.
“Sherlock…” John felt the need to protect his friend from whatever inebriated declarations may be imminent.
“Sherlock…” he nudged the sleeping man as best he could with both arms trapped, and Sherlock stirred, eyes opening and head lifting from its pillow of John’s chest.
It started one night after a particularly long and wearing day at the clinic. The usual stream of runny noses, aches and pains, and requests for prescription refreshes had been punctuated by an overly large man who’d stumbled as he left the consulting room, causing John to reach out a steadying arm. The result had been the poor man putting his not inconsiderable weight on John’s bad shoulder, a nasty bruise for the patient from the impact with the doorframe, John’s wrenched shoulder socket, and a nagging twinge in John’s lower back.
“Just…” Sherlock sucked in a breath through his nose, “You said that, when you called me… when you were drunk.”
“Dull. Honestly, I think they only invite me in the hope that you’ll come along and say something unforgivably rude.” John sat heavily in the  chair opposite Sherlock.
The corners of John’s mouth turned down yet further, and something dangerous flashed in his eyes, “Yes, thanks for that. And I
Sherlock eased a hand under John’s foot, lifting it to rest on his thigh, “I’m not sure, I think perhaps I might just enjoy watching you… eat… to begin with.”
“There you go, I’ve got you. We can have this at least,” John murmured against Sherlock’s hair. With its daily coat of Macassa washed away when he’d prepared for bed, the curls were short and soft and John indulged in the feeling for a moment, entirely at a loss as to how to proceed.
“I’m yours, John. Body and soul,” he hissed, “brain and blood, and there’s nobody that you need explain this to.”
John shrugged in resignation. It seemed oddly unfair to stand on principle when Sherlock could have simply ended his life while he snored opposite him.
Sherlock set the kettle on the hob, “I know, that’s why I want to talk to Molly. I need to run some tests on the samples.”
“Mmmm,” Sherlock nodded, a frown etched on his face, “the chemicals must have been tainted.” He turned to glance down at John,
they were going. I’m not quite as sure as perhaps I would have been before that case with the bride. For all I know, your brother has her out doing his
The door of the flat opened, then closed and Sherlock leaned gratefully against it, curls damp and eyes glistening.
“Well, he does that Molly, he’s at Barts all the time,” John continued separating clothes into piles.
“Too late,” he murmured, “already regret… sh’d have… ages ago.” John was absently stroking the silk of Sherlock’s robe, smooth strokes against the fine weave, “Want’d you…” he trailed off, staring at his hand.
“Molly Hooper,” Sherlock’s silken voice at her shoulder sent a reflexive shudder though her small frame as the tray of samples slipped from her fingers.
John methodically folded the newspaper and put it aside with exaggerated care, “It’s not what I’d call a
Sherlock sighed against John’s mouth, feeling his fangs beginning to descend as warmth built slowly under the onslaught of John’s kisses, “anything else?”
Greg looked thoughtful as they watched the pale man in the Belstaff, “You know what it’s like? It’s like he’s turning back into who he was before you came along. Reserved, distant, and uncommunicative. I’d almost forgotten what he was like back then.”
Sherlock had the file sorted the way he wanted. To John’s increasingly bleary eyes, the last three versions had looked much the same as the previous five, however Sherlock assured him the new configuration indicated more of… something…
Sherlock appeared in the doorway, hair damp and in nothing more than pyjamas and robe. He took several measured steps to halt in the kitchen, “What’s happened?”
“No, don’t do that. You know something. Something you think I ought to have worked out for myself. I’m too tired for this, just
“Yours, John. I’m here. I love you, I should have said.” Sherlock looped his arms under John’s thighs and lifted them, noting with delight the wet stain already on the sheets below John’s arse. “So ready for me, look at you.” Sparing a final glance at John’s face, vulnerable and needy, he shifted forward and as he slid smoothly in, John dragged in a long breath, seemingly drawing him deeper as he pushed into the warmth and tightness.
“Well then I’m as much an idiot as… you…” John paused to look carefully at his bond-mate, “Sherlock?”
Because I have imagined it, Sherlock; so help me, I have. I’ve imagined that I was as brave as you always thought me to be. I’ve played out scenarios where, instead of us settling down and drifting to sleep together, I’d turned in your arms and pressed my lips against yours. I’ve played out scenes where your fingers continue their exploration of my skin, moving down my chest, teasing at my navel before wordlessly asking permission to breach the elastic of my underwear.
There was a rumbling chuckle and the edge of the sheets parted from his bed like the tide receding on a beach, “Hop in.”
But there are some things that, although John and I have never discussed it, will never be shared beyond the four walls of 221B Baker Street.
“We’re not supposed to let you bite us, we’re supposed to kill you. Alright,” John sat heavily in his chair, “what’s proximity anxiety?”
"I knew I'd lost you the moment you slipped the ring on her finger.” Now he’d started, Sherlock didn’t seem to be able to stop the words pouring out, “Quite right too. A man of your age should be married, start a family, seek out all those things that are normal and… acceptable.”
The man whose name had been shouted so enthusiastically simply hummed contentedly and gripped a little firmer at John’s hips, controlling the thrusting that threatened to interrupt his rhythm.
Sherlock barely glanced down before hitting the ignore button again, “It’s not important. Let’s talk to the nurse about when you can hold your daughter.”
I shift my head minutely and nudge the top of his head with my chin. There’s a murmured grunt as he begins to wake and realise where he is. With a slight turn, he presses his lips to my shoulder and settled in closer, his arm laying a familiar claim of my chest.
“Let me try this another way. Someone who used to be important to me showed me this analogy several years ago. See this bowl?”
“Are we through playing, Sherlock? No more games, OK?” John murmured without a trace of humour. He ground his hips downward, delighting in the way they moved together through underwear and pyjamas.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied absently, “yes, I’ll just… I need to… umm. Just going pop up to the room for a bit. You go through and I’ll meet you there, alright?”
“Not funny, Sherlock. Not funny.” John turned and rattled the doorknob again with similar results, muttering over his shoulder, “I can’t believe you—“
Our hands have found comfortable resting places on each other’s bodies. Mine on his hip and chest, his is buried amongst my curls and the other nestled tight against my shoulder. Our legs are restlessly shifting against the others, perhaps similarly hesitant to advertise the need we’re both clearly feeling to press and rut together.
pin you to the bed, but you need facts right now, and the fact is… I can’t promise happily-ever-after. Relationships aren’t like that.”
He still didn’t mention it as it became a night-time routine, as Sherlock willingly sacrificed hours to simply sit and run idle hands over John’s back in seemingly meaningless movements.
“Only the second anniversary of the death of your wife and child,” Sherlock didn’t gild the words, “nothing that would possibly prompt… thoughts of self-harm, then?”
I’ve misjudged the situation badly, John. My brother (who I now concede is rarely wrong) said that caring is not an advantage. It appears he may have been right.
“I’m not a very good artist. Look, that long thin one with the scarf,” he gestured to one near the top edge, “That’s you.”
“I’ve no idea,” Sherlock smiled fondly and took the scotch glass from John’s hand. It was empty and he had hopes that without the reminder of the tumbler in his hand, it might remain so.
John let the overly familiar use of his first name slip, “Go to bed, my dear Holmes. Your back won’t thank you for a night in the chair.”
Sherlock’s hands dropped away, “I’m sure you remember me saying that, at least,” his mouth tilted up in a careful smile.
“John, we’ve ALWAYS been who we are, Hunter…..Vampire…John…Sherlock….None of that has changed. All that’s changed is that we’ve admitted it to each other. It’s one less secret for us to conceal from each other.”
“We’ve had far too much to drink,” Sherlock regarded the almost empty Scotch bottle sitting next to him.
It was bad enough that it had all been done after that same ex-assassin had shot Sherlock in the chest.
“Only if I can have a goodnight kiss.” John responded without thinking, before belatedly realising it could be terrible mistake.
“Oh, John,” Sherlock’s voice dropped, and John shivered at the edge of the dark promise it held, “I came back with so much more than a magic cloak.”
By the time John mounted the 17 steps and dragged himself through the door, over to the sofa and collapsed upon it face down, he’d been tired, sore and hating the world.
More often than not, John would give an internal shrug of surrender, shed his jeans and crawl back under the warm covers for a few more hours.
It’s hours later when the kisses, still leisurely and gentle, slow to a stop, having never escalated to more. I can feel that mine are swollen, and suspect they may even be bruised and red with stubble-rash, but if not for the exhaustion that’s dragging us both under, I doubt I would be stopping even now.
Sherlock nodded in surrender, looking up to smile wickedly at John where he stood over him, “Do I at least get a bed-time snack.”
“I’ve got you, you’re home now,” John mumbled, making quick work of pulling Sherlock’s shirt off before starting on the catch to his trousers as Sherlock rubbed his bared chest against him.
John chuckled darkly as he shed his shirt and jeans, pulling off his pants with them. Crawling onto the bed, he lay down flat beside Sherlock and tugged the detective around to face him, “Sherlock…”
John moved a hand down to cover Sherlock’s where it rested over his groin, already twitching with the need to stroke, “It’s alright, Sherlock. I’m really OK with this, promise. I want to be here.”
There were many things the two of them didn’t talk about: John’s unquestioning loyalty to Sherlock, Sherlock’s inexplicable need for praise from John, the way Sherlock’s violin playing soothed John’s nightmares, the way Sherlock’s eyes would soften when John placed a cup of tea next to the detective while he was working on a file, the way that John’s favourite biscuits seemed to appear on the side counter after a particularly bad day at the clinic, and the deep, rough way Sherlock murmured thank you when John draped a rug over him while he was brooding on the sofa.
And in any case, his inner voice chided, it wasn’t as if his natural inclination tended toward men. He was married, and happily so. He conceded that Sherlock’s lean form and graceful movements may give some men pause to consider him attractive, and the glossy sheen of his hair and startling eyes may give some men cause to stare. But on the occasions that John had reached to straighten a collar or brush a sooty mark from a prominent cheekbone, that was just to preserve the untarnished image he’d created of the refined genius in his stories. Nothing more.
“On a scale of one to ten…” John ran gentle fingers through Sherlock’s hair and noted how Sherlock arched into his touch, “how close are you to stripping me here on the stairs.”
John tried to slow the erratic beating in his chest at the determined, hungry tone in Sherlock’s voice.
Sherlock could have screamed in frustration. Each small movement John made was measured, he inched forward as if he were stalking prey. Constantly checking Sherlock’s eyes for signs of doubt, with Doctorly concern etched in his face.
He saw the ripple run through his mate’s shoulders at his name on Sherlock’s lips. Slowly he turned toward the man on the stairs. John’s eyes were red and bleak as they met Sherlock’s.
. The file’s a fake, Molly. They’re not my kills.” With a rustle of papers, Sherlock was between Molly and her desk. John glanced back to where he’d been, reassuring himself that there wasn’t two of him.
“Sherlock, I’m home,” John closed the door behind him and knelt to unclip Gladstone’s leash, watching as the Bulldog trotted off in search of food.
It feels odd to put these words on paper, not knowing if it will reach you and not quite sure if it was best that it didn’t. But you deserve the truth; I owe you that, even now when it may not matter.
“Ambulance, John…go get an ambulance.” Sherlock muttered, trying to push him away, “Go to the end of the alley and call.”
He was moving before he quite knew what he was doing, whimpering as he heard the door of the flat close. Throwing open his bedroom door hard enough to dent the wall he thundered down the hall, wide eyes confirming the flat was empty. His legs buckled as the cloying, delectable scent in the sitting-room flooded his nose and suddenly nothing mattered more than trying to get John back in the flat, with him.
All the while he’d thought he could feed the fire in his soul with the remaining embers of his friendship with Sherlock Holmes. Unacceptably rude, unacceptably abrupt, and unquestionably, and in society’s view,
“I did,” Sherlock circled a long arm around the small of John’s back, seemingly content to let him cling, “are you still determined to do this?”
“S’fine… s’perfectlyfine,” John clutched at the sheet on either side of him, unsure whether touching Sherlock in response would be welcome.
John tensed and his breathing rate picked up at the sound of her name on Sherlock’s lips, “Why Molly?”
The foot, that had been idly jigging at the end of his crossed leg stilled and John lowered his newspaper, “S’cuse me?”
think me unaffected by this,” when Sherlock tried to back away, John tightened his fingers bunching the fabric in a fist, “I’d give you everything you want, and gladly. It mirrors everything I want, but you’re right, it’s
“I’m sorry, John, but if you need someone to coddle you and skip around harsh realities, then you’ve chosen a very poor flatmate, surely that’s been abundantly clear for several years.”
Gently stirring his tea, John gingerly took a seat on the other side of the table, “I can’t remember much after we finished the curry. Was I much trouble?”
Sherlock whimpered, “Mine,” as his movements stuttered erratically and John swept a thumb up and over Sherlock’s tip feeling him swell and jerk in his grasp as warmth pooled over his hand. With a grunt, John thrust twice more and tensed, Sherlock’s name falling trembling from his lips as his muscles locked in ecstasy.
“Now where are you going?” Sherlock was on his feet before John had even swung his legs to the side.
John stepped closer, near enough to reach out and touch if he dared, “You had… are you saying you had
Silence fell. John wasn’t sure where Sherlock’s head was at, after the morning, but it seemed like progress.
“I’m saying, my very dear My Holmes, that I am, on my own unable to fulfil all my husband’s capacity to love. However, by some fortuitous happenstance, there is a strong, honourable, trustworthy person that he holds dear to his heart and that I find eminently suitable to meet those needs for which I lack the capacity,” and now Mary blushed too, “the… physical attributes to satisfy.”
“You know, if you planned to stay, Watson, you should have brought a change of clothes at least,” Sherlock dunked a shard of toast into the buttery yellow hole of the egg.
At Sherlock’s words, John realised that he was sobbing silently, tears running down his cheeks as he desperately tried to pull air into his lungs. Sherlock was looking down in concern, brushing the tears away with his thumb.
For a moment, John struggled between acquiescing to Sherlock’s attempt to distance himself, while his instincts shouted that if he let the man go now, Sherlock would never again allow his guard so low, and never allow John to peer so closely at his heart.
It was good to see a sliver of humour creeping back into Sherlock’s tone and he encouraged it with a chuckle, “I dare say for someone with your encyclopaedic knowledge that may well be true. Will you indulge me in granting something I’ve wanted for some time?”
“Gladly,” John pushed forward again, tugging Sherlock’s full lower lip between his own and sucking gently, lipping at the smooth flesh for long minutes until Sherlock caught on and started to mirror the action.
Sherlock glanced around at the deserted park and smiled, whispering, “Where’s that thirst for danger that I find so intoxicating? But perhaps you’re correct, perhaps now I have you in a more amenable mood, we should continue this at Baker Street? Provide you with some more memories for those dark and lonely nights?”
“A week… “ John mumbled through gritted teeth, “He goes into heat in a week. If I don’t kill him before then, he’s mine.”
“You obviously enjoy this. I’m simply suggesting that you remove your shirt to allow me better access. From my own selfish point of view, being able to see the edges of your muscle groups would make this more efficient.”
With a dismayed squeak, she swung the door shut and went for a very long coffee. When she returned, the drawer was empty.
“You’re a doctor, John, you know what I have planned. You’re going to take off your coat and jumper, which we’ll use together with both our trousers to insulate ourselves against the cold metal drawer. We’ll use my coat over us, the wool will help conserve our body heat.”
John and Sherlock fell into an uneasy silence, the emotional upheaval of the day catching up with them both. Finally, John nudged Sherlock’s shoulder with his own and murmured, “I meant it, you know… about Rosie.”
to be here at all. Was this… “ John gasped as Sherlock ran his fangs over the now taut bud in his mouth, “… was this your plan for me all along?”
“No, you don’t understand. He’s not at the gas chromatograph, he’s not at the fume cabinet, he’s not
The sound around them faded into the distance as they sat together, breathing quietly and John’s shivering settled further, tucked against Sherlock’s shoulder, cheek pressed against the thick fabric of his Belstaff..
“Touché, you knew I knew,” Sherlock’s troubled frown cleared to a small smile, “but I didn’t know you knew.” In a flash, the smile was gone again, “There’s always something.”
As he opened the door to his bedroom, he paused and said, very clearly, “And then perhaps I won’t be a… how did you put it?...
Sherlock went still at John’s words, staring down into John’s flushed face and dilated pupils before his mouth twitched, lifted at the corners, and an aborted laugh burst from his lips. Raising his hand to his mouth to suppress any further outburst, he looked down, eyes crinkling, “Oh, John! I’m sorry…” He chuckled again, settling his hands at John’s waist, “
Sherlock huffed, “That was four years ago. For God’s sake, John, why on earth would you give that more weight that everything that’s happened since then.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Then go… report to your handler and come back to me, we have… things to do.”
“Brilliant,” Sherlock grinned, releasing John to dart to the doors, the click of the lock satisfyingly decisive before Sherlock turned back to where John stood against the kitchen table. To the casual observer, John was calmly unbuttoning his shirt, but Sherlock noted the tremble in his fingers as he fumbled a button through the hole. Stepping close, Sherlock placed his hands on John’s hips, “John.”
“So… c-cold,” John mumbled, pushing his face into Sherlock’s neck, trying to leach some of the heat from him, “Probably going to lose… consciousness… soon.”
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand, “And I suspect I gave it the attention it deserved. In any case, I’m sure Mrs Hudson will relish the opportunity to cook for an appreciative audience again, I fear I don’t pay her cooking the attention she feels it deserves.”
John looked into his pale eyes, for the first time seeing all the hope and fear that Sherlock usually kept so tightly guarded, “I thought we just had.”
Suddenly, he wished he were home with Mary. It was easy there, simple, unsurprising. He’d been grateful when Mary Morstan had entered his life offering stability, acceptability and an avenue to society’s normal expectations. She had been acceptably attractive, acceptably intelligent, acceptably pleasant and so John had found himself
Laying the injured forearm back in Sherlock’s hands, Sherlock leaned down and dragged his tongue over the gash. The relief was immediate as tingling warmth spread from the site and John could feel the tug of skin drawing together and knitting. Sherlock laved the skin one last time and mopped up the remaining blood, finishing by wiping his mouth with the back of his hand before looking at John.
.’ Shortly after, with John’s hand over his mouth to muffle any cry that might escape, Sherlock stuttered and pulsed and John murmured encouraging words that felt altogether too clinical and not at all satisfying.
They stayed like that for a long time. Long enough that John’s knees began to complain and Sherlock, perceptive as ever, eased them forward on the chair, “Now, can we talk about this?”
“Quite to opposite, actually.” Sherlock returned to his worship of the skin where John’s neck met shoulder and John shivered when he felt a moist tongue touch and then retreat, “It makes you rather more difficult to resist.”
John winced and tried to pitch his voice somewhere in the flippant range, “Yeah, sorry. You just… I’ll get a rag, or something.”
In the dark of my room, with my girlfriend beside me, I’ve imagined our bodies tangling together, warm and yielding in some places, firm and hot in others. There have been times, Sherlock, when I’ve been afraid of calling out your name in place of Mary’s. There’s nobody else in the world I can share that shameful secret with except you. God, how I wish I’d been brave.
“Yeah, but not like that. You found out what she was doing, uncovered the plot, but… people would think…”
John reached to grip the sleeve of Sherlock’s robe, forestalling any further movement and stepped up to stand close, his voice dropping to whisper intimately, “Do not think for a moment that my feelings are relegated to the past, Sherlock. While it’s true I’m married, and I owe her my fidelity, do
“You don’t understand? Some things aren’t meant to be understood, John. Some things simply are,” and with the slightest of tugs, the remainder of the fabric seemed to billow and flow upward, uncurling, rising and circling Sherlock to finally drape across his shoulders and settle down the length of his back.
John was still sitting in his chair as Sherlock leaned against the kitchen bench, trying to clear his head with lungfuls of smoggy London air, “Sorry” John whispered quietly.
“Sherlock, you should drink something,” John patted the motionless feet in a way he hoped was comforting.
Sherlock, against John’s better judgment, had the flamboyant red cloak cut up and sewn into the lining of his Belstaff coat. Something that, according to Sherlock, caused it to pout for over a week until Sherlock finally conceded to sleep in it for several nights. From that point, it wasn’t unusual for the already dramatic flapping of the coat to take on truly epic proportions and the collar was now almost permanently in the showing off up position.
Spooning; that’s what they call it, Sherlock. It’s what women expect their partners to do on sleepy morning lie-ins. It’s what I’ve done with women when I was lucky enough to get invited to stay the night. It’s
The warm wool of Sherlock’s coat above them and John’s clothes below surrounded them in familiar smells as they shifted and moved in the enclosed space, elbows connected with metal sides, bringing sharp hisses of pain, followed by giggles at the ridiculousness of their situation. Hips rolled and rocked, hands moving on sweaty skin as they worked out how they fit together. The pitch blackness robbed them of their primary sense giving sound, and scent, and touch greater prominence and importance.
The words tasted vile as he forced them out, but a drunken shag with John was a recipe for disaster, “No. I think it would be best if you went alone.”
hunter so much closer to home. Given she’s not my hunter, she must therefore be your handler. It’s the only thing that makes sense.”
After the first couple of crime scenes, where John had been sure that some overt symbol of depravity must be inked on their faces, and he waited nervously for every passing person to confront them and brand them pariahs, his nervousness had started to calm. Even Mrs Hudson failed to remark on the frequency with which John elected to spend the night rather than go home, and slowly, finally John ceased jumping at every passing remark that could be construed as hiding judgement.
Sherlock ran his fingers through John’s damp hair before coming to rest at his cheek, “Not in the slightest. I may have been in the throes of passion, but I meant what I said, John. I want everything, but I have no desire to seek it from anyone but you. If that’s alright.”
Sherlock nodded again and in a tiny voice said, “You never came to me… since your heat, you’ve never asked.”
Flinging the door open, he launched himself toward the landing as he heard the front door open, Mycroft’s voice in soothing tones encouraging John toward the waiting car.
Silence fell in the room, both men staring at each other and seeming to struggle as to the next logical step, given their resolution. Finally, John pushed himself to his feet and moved to the door, each step away from the bed more difficult than the last.
“J-John…” Sherlock’s shaky voice quivered, clumsy hands trying to unfasten John’s shirt buttons before weakly dropping to his sides in defeat.
Realising that sleep was likely to elude him for the remainder of the night, John rose from the warm sheets, splashed his face with cold water from the ewer and, once the very noticeable evidence of his rather stimulating dream had abated, pushed open the door and returned to the sitting room.
to, and yet,” his hand clenched again, “I can’t seem to stop, and once I start… well, things progress to their inevitable conclusion.”
“You…” John’s voice cracked, and he wondered when he’d turned into a Regency romance heroine, “you left.”
He shifts against me, tilting against the pillow under him, and I shuffle my knees closer together, adjusting the angle to allow me to cant my hips with greater force.
“God, so much. I want you so much.” The voice at his neck was broken and ragged, “You have no idea.”
Greg may have laughed if the situation had been less serious, but there was something deeply disturbing in the way Sherlock prowled the crime scene. With the exception of replying to Greg’s original text, Sherlock was yet to interact with a single member of the team. He’d arrived, got to work and avoided making eye contact with anyone.
“Careful,” His hand shot out and grabbed the tray as it passed her hip. She hadn’t seen him move and she knew, at that moment, her cover was blown utterly.
There was something crawling on John’s neck. With the reflexive brush of a man half asleep, John’s hand rose to swipe at the offending bug only to end up tangled in curly hair. The events of the previous night came rushing back and with them, the reality that Sherlock was snuffling at his neck, nose pressed against his skin.
“Well, strictly speaking, all babies have blue eyes, and I could just as accurately have said that she appears to have Winston Churchill’s chin. But yes, I do think there’s a similarity between your eyes that goes beyond mere coincidence.”
John drew to a halt, realising that Sherlock had likely just got caught short and needed to relieve himself until he saw Sherlock’s’s shoulder hunch and begin to move in short abortive jerks with a very distinctive movement.
, and as Sherlock watched her sipping at her tea and sitting in John’s chair, he desperately tried to deduce the level of the cataclysm that was about to befall them.
There was a stuttered intake of breath and Sherlock shifted uneasily, tugging away to create some space between them, “No, there’s no need, I shouldn’t…”
Sherlock panted, and John was sure the look he was given was supposed to be stern, but came across more as desperate, “You’re a very bad man, John Watson.”
John clenched his hand slightly, bunching the fabric of Sherlock’s robe before gently releasing it again, “I’d… “ John stumbled on the words, “… if you… if you only… “ his eyes were soft, searching Sherlock’s face and suddenly, the detective knew what he was trying to say.
“This is somehow – messier – than I expected,” Sherlock wiped up as best he could and John laughed again as the sheet threatened to stick to his hand and Sherlock frowned at it.
“Of course you are,” Sherlock smiled gently,” your perception of reality has been rocked, and you’ve identified the source of the threat to your understanding of the world as this cloak. You’ve reacted exactly as I would expect you to, John. But I’m telling you; there.is.no.danger.here.”
“So, in other words you lack the impetus to return home,” Sherlock’s mouth quirked up at the corner.
There was something different in the air, and John felt that Sherlock must surely hear his heart hammering. The low-level thrum of arousal ticked up a notch to a less easily ignored drumbeat, carrying blood southward and making John hyper-aware of each brush of fingers.
John mimicked the words Sherlock used at Angelo’s, his voice rough, “How would you want this night to go, if you could do it over again?”
Molly sighed in frustration and pulled open the bottom drawer of her filing cabinet, grabbing a folder and slapping it down in front of him.
“Are you still alright? You’ve gone very quiet, my dear man.” John’s voice startled Sherlock back into the room, and he opened his eyes to find John standing quietly in front of him, brow furrowed worriedly.
“S’ok, I’m here. I’ve got you, you gorgeous thing,” John tilted Sherlock’s head to rest against his neck as he pushed Sherlock’s sticky trousers down his thighs, “Look at how wet you are already, you’re going to be so good, Sherlock, so good.”
“I shouldn’t want this…” John found his hands inexplicably tugging at Sherlock’s sleep-shirt as his hips stuttered restlessly against Sherlock’s.
John chuckled softly and closed the book he’d been reading, marking the place carefully with a soft leather bookmark, “I assume I’m welcome to use my old room?”
John moaned and Sherlock felt the moment that he finally gave himself over to his desires entirely. Shuffling forward on determined knees, John pressed himself forward impossibly harder, rutting with abandon, and Sherlock wondered in some distant part of his mind if his soldier had forgotten where he was, and who he was with until -
John put the glass down and leaned forward, serious for a moment, “Yeah, you do…All the time. I’m good at my job, Sherlock. I have to be.”
The next two weeks were awful. Sherlock drifted around the flat like a ghost. Often gone before John woke up and returning long after he was in bed. Mrs Hudson, ever vigilant, had done her best to give the two men some space. Casseroles mysteriously appeared in the fridge, clean linens on the doorstep. More than once, John had retreated to her cosy kitchen when the mood in 221B became unbearably tense.
Silence fell on the room, broken only by the hushed sound of their breathing, both hitching slightly at the potential.
“That… I dunno, “ John knew Sherlock was pushing him, forcing him to articulate his thoughts, no matter how much he might want to obfuscate, “that you were… in the way.”
Sherlock moved away somewhat reluctantly, before finally crossing the room and tugging the blinds closed. Turning back, he found himself confronted with the broad line of John’s back, clad now only in shirt sleeves as he reached to fold them over the back of his chair. The dense white cotton fabric pulled taught and curved to outline the strong shoulder muscles and arms.
If he’d known that his trembling first steps would be followed by these consequences, he’d not have been so quick to reveal his inexperience.
The the disapproving look tightened further, “Damn it, John! I knew we should have pulled you out. You’ve been hopelessly compromised for months.”
“Jesus, Sherlock… “ John managed brokenly as pinpricks of light flashed behind his eyelids, “This isn’t normal.”
John watched the flush rise on Sherlock’s cheeks and surmised the unspoken words, “Ahh, I see; and what was my response?”
John shook his head, “That’s just fucked up, Sherlock. How can I want to bolt from the room and screw you at the same time? It doesn’t make sense.”
John looked over at where Sherlock had pressed his palms against his eyes, and wondered if he was horrified at his volume of disclosure, or fighting the beginnings of a truly well-deserved migraine.
, he thought. In fact, there was a fire and spirit in the new Mrs Watson that Sherlock respected most highly; and wasn’t that part of the problem? While John had been surrounded with shallow, simple-minded examples of the fair sex, none had been able to compete for his attention. Mary… Well, Mary was a force to be reckoned with.
” Sherlock was gently tapping his cheeks, bringing him back to himself, “I’m sorry. Listen to me John, I’m
“You and Mary... Before we knew, I mean. I tried.” There was a note of sadness behind the words, gently slurred with the alcohol.
John rolled over with a groan. His first thought was that he was suffering from a particularly bad hangover but the absence of the usual odours of sweat, and booze and cigarettes disabused him of that notion. Nevertheless, the furry tongue and splitting headache spelled dehydration and that was rapidly followed by recollections of the previous night and Sherlock’s feeding.
He spread a hand wide on the shiny door, the rich brown of the varnish catching what little light there was. He imagined Sherlock on the other side, despondent forehead bent to touch the wood, warm breath creating little patches of condensation on his side of the door. It would be so easy to knock, or to let himself in. He’d lead Sherlock to the bed, push him down… or let himself be pulled down… and forget about the world outside the door.
There’s a relieved sigh, the damp skin on my chest pebbling further with John’s exhalation and he moves his hand to my own erection, his shorter more robust fingers touching me with long practiced experience.
a struggle,” he murmured as he watched John silently unfurl a single finger to suck it into his mouth and Sherlock moaned weakly.
“This…” John managed, opening his eyes and staring deep into Sherlock’s as they sought release together, “this is what I need… Partners, equals,” John paused and grabbed a gasping breath as their rhythm began to falter, “knowing you’ll keep up with me, whatever I want.”
John lay on his back, his chest heaving as his heartbeat calmed, “Very good… very VERY good. But… shit… “ John shook his head, “What WAS that?”
Mary doesn’t hold me like that. Even after the nightmares (they’re back, by the way). She rubs my back and says
And then, when the shuddering stops, there is a featherlight brush of lips at my temple and he leaves me to sleep.
As long fingers gently encircled his cock and gave an experimental tug through the fabric, Sherlock gave a tight hiss behind him and ground out his name, “John, Never thought…”
“You’re a fucking miracle, Sherlock. Look at you, taking me. I think you might even be able to take my knot. Do you want it? Do you want to be the first? Nobody’s been able to, you know, it’s too big. But not for you, my gorgeous Omega.” John was babbling as he pounded into Sherlock, his fingers bruising the skin as John moved to grip harder, “I’m never letting you go, you’re mine now, ruined for everyone else.”
I am scorched, burnt, destroyed, and yet made anew by this man as my eyes widen and light envelops me and I am rising phoenix-like, arching and crying out in joy at the man who holds me in his hands both figuratively and literally.
A huff of relief ruffled the hair around John’s ear as Sherlock murmured, “It’s like scratching an itch you can’t quite reach,” He pulled gently at John, testing out his reactions, “or the first cup of tea after a case has been solved.”
“Thank God,” John replied, feeling as though a weight had lifted, “because I’m not sure I could give you up anymore.” John released his hand to lean back and rest a palm on Sherlock’s hip, reassuring and firm, “We’ll take things at your speed, Sherlock. Whatever pace you want, slow as you want.”
The use of a colleague’s first name was the height of familiarity, most would even go as far as to say impropriety. Sherlock would never, NEVER, use John’s christian name so cavalierly. He’d never done so in private and CERTAINLY never publicly. To do so would be scandalous, and John –
“I want to come to you; ask for you without feeling like it isn’t me making the decision. Does that make sense?”
Mycroft had been angry; absolutely burning with barely suppressed rage. While the team had begrudgingly accepted that once John’s heat had hit, there’d been little chance of the outcome being other than the two of them ending up together, Mycroft was furious that Sherlock had bonded with John. As it turned out, John was the first Omega male to present, and the lab team had been practically buzzing with plans to match him with a number of Alpha females they had back at the lab.
“She gave the maid the week off. With no-one to cook or clean, this seemed the ideal solution,” John delivered his rationale with a hint of humour, “I did mention it to you, Holmes.”
Sherlock’s typing slowed, and in the vaguely conscious part of John’s mind he realised that his flatmate was now methodically typing one handed, the other continuing the rhythmic swipes and erratic patterns across shoulders and back. He imagined the furrowed brow and tight line of Sherlock’s mouth at the inefficiency of his progress, and yet the soothing patterns continued, dragging him deeper and deeper into a blissful state of relaxation.
“I like dessert,” John reached to palm Sherlock through the thin fabric, “let’s have dessert!”he said frantically as Sherlock calmly gripped his wrist and moved his hand away.
The points of Sherlock’s fangs breached John’s skin and Sherlock gave a broken cry around John’s skin, and bit down. The two men shuddered against each other, their twin orgasms ripping through them as they clutched desperately, holding each other in place as they shuddered and twitched together.
“No, it’s not that. He did that while he was staying with me. He’s here, John, but he’s not… here,” Molly paused, “Sorry, that’s not very clear is it?”
John remained crouched, looming over Sherlock’s prostrate form in the chair, “And I am. So, if this is going to work, we’re going to need some rules.”
While he waited for the water to boil, Sherlock turned back and wordlessly regarded John gasping for breath as the laughter subsided, before pouring the water over the teabags and bringing both cups to the table, taking a seat on the opposite side.
“You’d better be ready.” Sherlock mumbled against John’s collarbone, currently being used for balance as he toed off his trousers and socks, “because I’m not going to be able to wait.”
John sat reading the morning paper, a cup of tea absently cradled in his other hand. Carefully designed to make him appear the picture of unthreatening, he’d today chosen his favourite oatmeal jumper and a pair of indulgent blue and green stripy socks.
Sherlock thought of the critical role Mary played in the machinations of his brother’s schemes, “Indeed. Most irregular.”
“Do it. Do it, John,” Sherlock’s voice was rough and John could feel the bed moving with little dipping movements as Sherlock’s hips shifted in sympathetic thrusts in empty air, too tender to stand any friction at all.
Well, thought John, that was as close as he was going to get to a request to reciprocate and he lifted his hand that lay between them, groping in the dark at Sherlock’s hip until it was clasped firmly in Sherlock’s free hand.
The tip of Sherlock’s tongue darted out to brush at his lips. The sight should have horrified John, with the recent memory of his blood running from Sherlock’s mouth. Instead, the delicate touch of pink to his bottom lip was unnerving; almost erotic and he felt his breathing skip as his heart gave an erratic lurch in his chest as a wave of carnal longing swept through him.
A final push, a tug, a twist and I’m there, teetering on the brink, chewing at my bottom lip and lost in the way he’s looking at me, staring at my mouth and I tilt forward to catch his mouth with my own, my shuddering moan lost within his own as the pleasure overwhelms us both. It never matters who reaches the finish first, the other is close behind, dragged as if connected by handcuffs.
Sherlock’s head dropped, hiding his eyes, sweaty ringlets clung to his brow, “John… please,” he murmured desperately.
Sherlock eased away without haste and rose from the bed, “I’m far more interested in the contents of that file. The cases against me are almost perfect, if not for that misstep on the Baskerville date even I’d have been willing to consider me a killer.”
“Comfy?” Janine looked at her, smiling as she watched the water lapping over her mouth and nose as the gentle waves of the tank subsided again.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply and, finding nothing to dispute John’s words, closed it again with another sad nod.
Sherlock’s eyes widened before he gave one slow blink at John’s lack of surprise, with a sigh of frustration he offered, “I don’t know, that’s when I woke up and called out to you.”
This, Sherlock thought with an inward sigh, is the John that takes his wife to bed. Careful, attentive, verging on submissive. With despair, he realised that he was failing Mary, failing all three of them. This wouldn't calm the tumult inside John, and would never satisfy the very need that Mary had sent him to quell.
And as was alway the case, John found himself running after Sherlock Holmes, and trying to wipe the grin from his face while doing it.
Sherlock stood as smoothly as his quivering muscles would allow, “No need. I packed for you this morning.”
Sherlock blinked, his eyes fluttering as he processed what John was saying, brow furrowed until finally, his gaze cleared, and he asked in a voice deep and sultry, “You want me to touch you?”
“I should never have taken that corner so fast, I should’ve been more careful.” John sat at his side on the hard hospital chairs.
A stern shake of the head aborted John’s movements, “Stay where you are. You won’t bother me and…” Sherlock smiled again, “..I’ve fed…so I won’t bother you.”
Sherlock growled and steadied himself, kneeling between John’s spread legs. Gripping John’s thighs he snapped his hips back and forward again, delighting in the way he could already feel his knot beginning to tingle where it was being forced time and again against John’s hole.
. If John were completely honest with himself, he’d known that even as he retrieved the stake from the bottom of his army locker. Just the thought of Sherlock’s eyes, those uniquely opalescent eyes opening in shock and betrayal as the stake was driven in only to dim and close as the light flickered out. Just the
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open and he lurched upright in his bed, the sheets tangling around him as he shouted the single slurred word into the dark, “JOHN.”
“Yes,” John replied resolutely, “now more than ever. I was incapacitated, Sherlock. I actually couldn’t function with you gone. We can’t live like that, can we? Not if we’re going to find Kitty Riley.”
Lestrade looked up from the oddly too small figure on the table and the moment their eyes met, Sherlock knew the truth. Molly, our Molly, is gone. His hands fell away and he felt the sudden bite of despairing tears. He stepped toward the table, covering the space quickly until Lestrade reached out to still his progress.
And yet his mind-palace seemed to disagree. When presented with the imagined scenario, his subconscious John had merely commented, shrugged and moved on. How likely was it that this flesh and blood version gently snoring opposite would react the same way.
By the time John had pushed himself back to his feet and followed the detective, Sherlock was ensconced in his chair; knees were drawn up to his chest and hands in thinking mode beneath his chin. The red fabric sat accusingly between them on the coffee table and for the first time, John saw how substantial it really was.
Sherlock paused in his doorway and shook his head, “You’re too tolerant, Watson. You should not encourage this, not now I know there was a time once, when you felt the same.”
You made me better, John, and I wish there was something I could say to ease your pain. But I was never good with feelings, any that I did have were for you. We just didn’t get our chance.
“Yeah, yeah I want that. Christ, yes,” John whispered against his mouth, “I might need a moment to, you know, recover.”
The trouble was, the detective thought, this wasn’t what either of them wanted. Sherlock, now committed to his course wanted to simply cast himself off from the shore into the tumultuous storm of the ocean and face the challenges like a bold adventuring pirate, come what may.
“I’m not asking for promises, Sherlock. There’s never any guarantees,” a single tear rolled down her cheek, “I’m just asking you to try not to hurt him, and if you don’t trust yourself to follow your heart, then follow his. He has such a big heart, and it needs both of us to keep it whole. Let me be the wife society needs him to have, the mother of his children, and soft arms to lose himself in. I know he’ll look to you for excitement, danger, and the freedom to ask for things he feels would shock me.”
John smiled at Sherlock’s dilated eyes and the flush on his cheeks, “Then we’d better get back inside.”
His fingers tentatively circle my scrotum and venture backward. There’s no need for words, the question is clear.
John’s mouth fell open under the barrage of bitter words, “I don’t understand. Who’s hurt you, Sherlock. What happened?”
He opened his mouth to apologise again, but Sherlock stilled him, raising a hand to halt his words before he could begin.
With now practiced experience, Sherlock managed to reposition them so they could comfortably catch their breath while they waiting for Sherlock’s knot to release them. He raised a shaky hand to wipe a bead of sweat that was threatening to roll into John’s eye and John grabbed at it before he could pull away, placing a tender kiss on his fingertips.
I’m not sure how long I lay there before I turned on my side, away from you. It didn’t seem long, but time has a way of changing perceptions. Were you waiting for that, Sherlock, for me to roll over? Was that your plan? Was it your signal to scoot up behind me, slide a long arm under my pillow and gather me against you?
Sherlock meanwhile was easing himself from the bed, poking distastefully at the mess on his abdomen and chest, “I’m going to have a shower, I appear to be coated rather thoroughly in your ejaculate.”
John turned on the log to face him, “No, Sherlock, this is serious. There’s some things I need to say, and it’s taken me a while to be ready to say them. But let’s start with this, I do trust you with Rosie, and Mary did too, while we’re on the topic. You’re great with her, and you know it.”
John’s breath hitched as Sherlock again zeroed in on the pale, soft skin of his underarm. He couldn’t suppress the shiver as he felt Sherlock shift behind him, shuffling closer giving access to a better range of movement.
Sherlock raised his hands to his face, now rough after nearly 36 hours without shaving, covering his mouth to hold in the wail of disbelief.
John had seen the gentle machinations of Sherlock’s brother in the process and although thanks had not been asked or offered, John’s gratitude was clear in every conversation with Mycroft following the incident.
John’s bed isn’t as forgiving as mine. His queen-size doesn’t offer the generosity of my king and, quite frankly, my sheets are far better. But for quality of sleep, the gentle rumble of John’s almost-snore lulls me into a deep and restful oblivion that is unmatched.
John chuckled a little awkwardly, “Always.” He paused as a flash of hurt brushed Sherlock’s eyes in the dim firelight, “No, don’t take it that way. It’s just…” John searched for the right words, “You fill a room, Sherlock. Even when you’re not there.”
“There’s only one undiscovered country I’m interested in tonight, and that’s yours Holmes,” John rasped roughly.
John stood in the doorway, deep, dark rings under his eyes and a deeply dissatisfied line to his mouth as he stared down at the irritatingly silent detective.
Bag hanging from his hand, John looked up in resignation, “Please what? Sherlock, I don’t understand.”
John’s jaw dropped, just a little before he silently turned and rattled the handle. Not surprisingly, with the exception of a disappointing rattle, the door failed to shift.
Nodding numbly, he returned to his buttons, cursing the way his normally nimble fingers refused to cooperate And staring down at his shirt..
John frowned and sighed, “Alright. Rule one… Never call me hunter again, I loathe it. It isn’t who I am, Sherlock.”
“Oi, trying here. You know I’m not good at this,” John took Sherlock’s hands in his, “So, yes. Missed it all, wanted you for ages,” he paused thoughtfully before nodding, “Yeah, ages.”
Certainly there was more physical affection. John, seemingly unconsciously, stood far closer at crime scenes. He could feel his Doctor’s eyes follow him as he moved about rooms and, most annoyingly, had increased casual touching by an almost inconceivable amount; lingering fingers when handing over teacups, the brush against an arm or hip when passing through doorways, a hand at the small of his back to guide him in a particular direction.
And with that Sherlock fell quiet, adding a slow blink in John’s direction as if waiting for enlightenment to strike his flatmate.
“You’ll return to Mary, I’ll remain here, we’ll see each other at crime scenes and our lives will continue much the same as they are now, I would assume,” The clipped words were toneless as Sherlock studied the newspaper, face tight.
John hummed in approval and lifted his head, eyes dark and drunk on the power he had over the amazing creature below him, “And that’s why you can have me. “ With a tilt of his head, he brought his exposed neck to Sherlock’s mouth and pressed, hard.
but I need to go. I know this hurts, but you asked me for this, you asked me not to feed on you. So I need to
“Damnation,” John shuffled forward on his knees, pressing himself forward trapping Sherlock between him and the headboard and crowding against him, all signs of the gentleness from the night before gone without a trace. Leaving one hand fisted in the taller man’s hair and circling the other behind his neck, guiding his movements and preventing Sherlock from moving away, John muttered “this is…”
Sherlock rolled onto his back, eyes wide and mouth open, and stared at the suddenly very Alpha male crouched on his bed.
“God, yes,” John managed roughly as he leaned forward to sink his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, messy and unkempt with the previous day's coat of Macassar, pulling their lips harshly together.
It was sudden, surprising and after a shocked gasp, entirely welcome. If it had been left to John, they’d have been shagging on the rug ages ago and he was quietly pleased to see he wasn’t the only one riding the knife-edge of desperation. John mumbled Sherlock’s name on a breath, warm and wet into his friend’s mouth. Part question, part request and Sherlock’s hand came up to curl at the back of John’s neck, tugging him closer.
John couldn’t stifle a rough chuckle at Sherlock’s eagerness as he took the stairs two at a time and through the door to their sitting room, unsurprised to see the lanky detective hot on his heels, closing and firmly securing the door behind him.
“No plan, John. Hopes… “ Sherlock’s hands ran in restless waves up and down John’s side, never venturing beyond the edge of his pyjama pants, “ …idle hopes, and maybe dreams.”
. Nevertheless, this new behaviour fascinated him. The only possible cause that made any sort of sense was some sort of delayed reaction to their visit to Baskerville. Perhaps the excitement of the case had left him with some unresolved arousal. It was, however, unprecedented for Sherlock to do anything so… overt as touching himself in public, much less actually masturbate on the side of a deserted road seemingly unconcerned by John’s presence. For all that Sherlock had peculiar ideas about personal space and appropriate standards of dress when visiting royal palaces, this just wasn’t something he did… ever.
“For… “ John waved a groggy hand around, “this… all of… of this. You… this… “ the eyes closed again.
“Mmmm,” Sherlock hummed and made notes on one of the pages before pausing and looking up at where John was shuffling toward the door, “wait, what?”
“God… More, Sherlock… Yes.” John’s knuckles whitened where they gripped the headboard, pushing back as hard as Sherlock pushed forward. Sherlock knew the signs well by now, the erratic breathing, the slight wriggle in John’s hips as he sought just the right angle, the way he thrust through the circle of Sherlock’s fingers, the rhythm faltering as his eyes screwed shut and his mouth dropped open.
. “An ambulance can’t help you…you know that.” John stood and had a quiet moment of smugness as Sherlock’s eyes followed him in confusion.
“OK, no forcing me… or MOLLY!” John hissed, “Or anyone else we know, for that matter. That stuff can do damage, Sher… Christ, how many times have you done this to our friends?”
“Yes, I suppose you have. Sorry, I hadn’t noticed,” Sherlock’s gaze started drifting again until John stepped in front of him.
John could see Sherlock was on the edge of laughter too, the lines beside his eyes crinkling with good humour above his twitching lips.
Sherlock landed roughly, regretting it immediately as John was swamped with water and his head briefly disappeared beneath the surface.
With a final moan and lurch of his hips, Sherlock went rigid and started to come, his hand giving one stuttering tug before warm wetness spread between them in a series of pulses. John gasped his name, the smell of sex suddenly so pungent in the enclosed space pushing him to his own climax.
The signs of Sherlock’s impending heat were all over the flat. There was a pile of bottled water stacked in the kitchen, endless packets of beef jerky and fruit rollups on the bench and fresh linen and towels strategically placed next to Sherlock’s bed, John’s bed, the sofa and even in the bathroom. John had never been privy to the preparations Sherlock undertook prior to his ‘confinement’ but it was clear that Sherlock intended to celebrate his heat in style. For John’s contribution, there was a large cardboard box next to Sherlock’s bed labelled
Sherlock merely grunted, and tugged John toward his bedroom, refusing to relinquish his hold, and backing them down the corridor and through the doorway, sprawling them both onto the bed when the backs of his knees hit the side.
“Alright,” he said slowly, “What you’re saying is ‘stand down, Watson.’ Fine, I’ve stood down. Now explain… and I think you’d better use small words.”
Sherlock mad a non-committal noise and didn’t mention John’s valiant attempt to drink himself into intensive care the previous year. That had been… more than a bit not good and Sherlock had sworn that if John felt the need to embrace alcoholic oblivion again this year, it would be under his supervision.
There was an awkward moment where the two men regarded each other, clad only in their underwear and shivering violently before John seemed to come to a decision and pushed past Sherlock to crawl into the narrow cavity, rolling to lay on his back, “Well, C’mon. Get in here, before I change my mind.”
The noise that woke John was more a whimper of pain than a moan of pleasure. He opened his eyes and rolled to his side, looking to the twin bed beside his own. In the dim light, he could see the indistinct mound of covers indicating that Sherlock had tried to go to bed at some stage, although the tossing and turning clearly showed he wasn’t asleep.
“You’ll be waiting until I’m in my grave and you’re prowling the next century,” Molly looked up at him, a sparkle in her eyes.
“But there are still lines, John, and I’m just as terrified of those new lines today, as I was of those in our other life. I can’t lose you, John”
Sherlock obliged, rubbing a thumb over the slit again, gathering the wetness there and spreading it, “I’m sorry I used all the lube.”
Still, it came as a surprise, one chilly Winter morning to wake to the familiar feel of fingertips drawing circles on his bare shoulder, tracing the now familiar outline of the ridged scar tissue there. It was clear that at some point, Sherlock had returned to bed to escape the chill of the flat, breaking their unspoken routine of this only being a bedtime habit.
John stalled an inch above Sherlock’s lips, watching as the man’s eyes flicked between his lips and his eyes, craning his neck upward, reaching for contact that John withheld.
“Yes…” muttered John and Sherlock’s Alpha roared in triumph, drunk on his ability to please his Omega, he pulled John toward him again, relishing in the slight vibration of John’s skin at the force of his thrust. John gasped and reached back to grab blindly at the headboard, bracing himself and nodding with eyes closed, “Again…” he shouted.
“I could…” the hand that was doing such delightful things disappeared momentarily and John whined at the loss until he heard Sherlock spit wetly and the hand returned, slicker and resumed stroking.
Sherlock resisted the urge to breathe a sigh of relief as he internally celebrated the dodging of a rather catastrophic bullet. This he could handle; this he could address in a manner that maintained the illusion that he sought no more from John than friendship.
“Oh my God,” John’s hips arched off the bed, already seeking friction against his cock, “that can’t be a proper use of your powers.”
“Gerroff,” he slurred into the sofa cushions as Sherlock settled in beside him and he heard the hollow sound of twin cups being set on the coffee table.
“What a shame. It looks like we’ve both learned just how much you matter to him. What did he tell you when he sent you into the lion’s den to gather information while he played happy families with the Watsons? Did he tell you that you were
And while we’re on that topic, since we’re being honest with each other… that was about the time that you shifted your hips away from me. Was it my imagination (or my idle hope, perhaps) that my reaction may have affected you? Is that why you put some space between us? If it was… thank you. I’m reasonably sure that you spooned up behind me, naked, was about my limit that night. I doubt I would have reacted well to your erect cock nudging my arse, despite all the other scenarios I’ve imagined in the months since.
Something in the tone obviously helped because Sherlock’s distant look cleared and he instead focussed on him, heaving a sigh before glancing at the bed and blushing, “Something’s wrong. I…” another twitch of his hand, “this will sound ridiculous but I can’t seem to stop touching myself.”
I saw you as the strong one, you see. The steady hand at my back, the gun pointed resolutely, the stubborn tolerance of my continual vagaries. Quite honestly, John, I thought you’d be well rid of me.
With a frustrated huff, John rolled on to his other side, only making the situation worse as the familiar odours wafted up again.
But, as Sherlock sniffed carefully at the air, it seemed they’d need to have the conversation in more blunt terms, and soon.
John felt great. Well, apart from the irritating need to constantly monitor Sherlock’s location, mood, skin color, height, weight, eye color, socks, hair length. Everything, really, just… everything. There wasn’t a single moment of the day that John’s focus strayed from the brooding vampire. The niggling need to tend to him, care for him,
John’s mouth fell over as he looked in astonishment at Sherlock’s comically petulant face nestled at crotch-level, “You’d what?”
,” Sherlock growled, the rumble resonating through John’s chest before he was pushed away, “I need to go now, or I won’t be able to make myself leave,”
“You’re suffering proximity anxiety.” Sherlock said flatly as if that should explain everything. When John continued to look blank he added, “Surely you know this, what do they
Shivering badly, John took a moment to clutch at Sherlock, desperate for the warmth against his sodden skin, “F-Fanc-Fancy meeting you h-here,” he managed through chattering teeth.
With a nod, he motions me to take my time, and with a breath I shift, rocking against him and delighting in the press of our flesh together. Soft and rigid at the same time, slippery and rough, a cavalcade of sensation for my brain to lose itself in.
Sherlock blinked slowly, “Perhaps you should leave the detective work to me, at times Watson you are only marginally more effective than Scotland Yard.”
“Angelo’s! Dinner, John. We have reservations!” The vibrancy, missing for the past weeks, was suddenly back. Sherlock’s frenetic energy gathering John up in it’s maelstrom.
mean; just grateful not to be alone in my room at the top of the stairs. I was just so thankful that I could hear another person breathing, chasing away the spectres of my fallen friends in a foreign desert.
And I need to. You’d understand that, right? That if I don’t find a way to let you go, you may as well have dragged me off that bloody roof with you.
When Sherlock lowered his steepled fingertips, night had fallen outside the windows of 221B and Mrs Hudson had clearly been in to light the gas lamps. Opposite, John sat quietly, deeply engrossed in whichever book he was currently reading.
seen Sherlock not doing. Instead, Sherlock resumed his diligent concentration on the road until they arrived at the tiny hotel they were staying at.
At the top, the very pinnacle of the list was the unspoken rule that they discuss neither John’s sex life, nor Sherlock’s lack of one. Even though Sherlock was quite blatantly doing everything in his power to scare off any potential partner, they must not, ever, discuss it. Even if Sherlock wandered the flat in a sheet, all lithe grace and elegant pale lines and John’s eyes watched the way he moved and bent, it wasn’t to be mentioned. Even if John leaned over the detective while he was deep in his mind palace and ran a fond hand through dark curls and Sherlock unconsciously arched into the touch like a cat, they must never, under any circumstances, talk about it.
I’ve never consciously wondered what another human being’s mouth tasted like. Now that I know, I find myself content never to taste another. Fresh with minty toothpaste, I’m unsure whether the tingling is simply from that, or something more quintessentially John-flavoured.
“They’re not very good bees, John.” He said, turning it over in his hands, feeling the weight of it.
“I want you… “ John leaned to one side, whispering into Sherlock’s ear, “I don’t want some act… some reserved, carefully judged version of how you think I want you.” John nuzzled closer and sucked his earlobe between his lips before continuing, “I just… need… you.”
Sherlock tipped his head to the side and closed his eyes, dragging in a long breath, “Dear God, how I wish I could delete things from other people’s heads. It’s past midnight, Watson, can’t you just let it drop?”
John only had time for the words, “Time for wha—” before Sherlock opened a beckoning hand toward the fabric and, impossibly, it unfurled to reach toward his hand allowing his fingers to close in the densely stitched edge.
Watson sighed gently, shifting in the chair and turning slightly to the side, settling deeper against the plush fabric. Sherlock should wake him and send him home.
Remember my nightmares? Remember when I used to shout so loud Mrs Turner’s married ones would complain? Remember how we got them to stop? That’s what’s haunting me.
“And what about this?” John licked a line up Sherlock’s neck before latching on and sucking hard, “It always seemed to me that you’d like that,” he chuckled as he pulled away and Sherlock shuddered under his hands.
Just the thought made the base of John’s cock tingle, the thought of pushing impossibly deep inside his Omega, stretching him beyond his limits until they were locked together, “Jesus, Sherlock, I want to, but are you sure?”
“It could be, if you wanted it. But I didn’t think you did this,” John squeezed Sherlock’s hand slightly, “sentiment and all that?”
John may be slow, and somewhat simplistic, but even he would be unable to miss the very clear signs of Sherlock’s very physical response whenever John began speaking of such things and Sherlock’s errant thoughts were left to cast his faithful Doctor in the role of romantic partner.
Sherlock licked and nipped at John’s mouth, duelling with John’s tongue as it flicked out to delve into Sherlock’s mouth. John brought a hand up to push under Sherlock’s t-shirt, working his way up the ladder of his ribs to thumb over pebbled nipple. John whimpered in encouragement as Sherlock’s shivering worsened, seemingly on the brink of simply pushing John to the floor. At the thought, John groaned and began trying to shove his jeans down one-handed. Without looking, Sherlock lay a large hand on John’s hip, stilling his movements, before briefly canting his hips against John’s side and pulling away, panting shakily, their temples pressed together.
Sherlock’s brow creased and he leaned forward in the chair, “I’d expect we go on much the same as before. We chase criminals, catch bad guys, you call me brilliant and I forget to tell you how important you are to me. What needs to change?”
“Shhh, just relax and let me take care of you,” John murmured, kissing Sherlock gently on the lips before going back to his silent manipulation.
“Is that alright,” the voice behind him asked softly, “That I’m so close to you… and aroused? I’m not overly familiar with the protocol here.”
“God, sorry,” John slid his arms around Sherlock to roll them onto their sides, “Damn, that snuck up on me.”
“John, I’m trying to… Oh, to hell with it,” Sherlock slumped against John in defeat, “Alright, we’ll stay here, alright?”
“Bedroom, now,” John mumbled into his mouth, “or we’ll be finishing this here and I really don’t want our first time, after so bloody long, to be up against the kitchen counter.”
John’s hand eased away from his waist as his shoulders loosened marginally, “Go ahead, maybe it will bring back some memories,” he sneered.
This chapter is very much a 'thank you' to Esbee for her comment reminding me to ensure the power dynamic between these two remains in balance.
John had knelt up and sat back on his heels, gloriously naked and presented for Sherlock’s perusal. There was not a scrap of hesitation or embarrassment in his posture, comfortable and in control of the room. From the nest of ginger-blonde curls at his crotch, his cock thrust out, so long and heavy that it leaned away from his tight abdominals.
“Sherlock… “ John’s voice was thin and cracked with desperation, “Let me touch something, me… you… anything; for God’s sake,
He took several steps down the hall before adding, “I’ve packed those new silk pyjamas, they should be less irritating when…” Sherlock paused as he was swamped with images of the last time and leaned heavily against the wall, “…after.”
The truth was, all he wanted to do was fall at John’s feet and drag his mate to the floor with him. But if John had wanted him beyond physical necessity, he’d have said something in the intervening three months. Clearly their bond-bite was nothing more than a convenience to John, and if his doctor would prefer to spend his heat with… even the thought caught in his throat… someone else, then that was his right. Sherlock needed to respect John’s choice if he was to stand a chance of retaining their friendship. He’d take what he could, he thought bitterly. He’d take
And what he could do was incomprehensible. If John had called Sherlock amazing and brilliant before, words like unbelievable and astounding joined them in his repertoire. While Sherlock still considered his logical, deductive reasoning his greatest weapon, it was hard to look past the magical talent he could now bring to bear when the opportunity called for it.
“I’ve got you, John,” Sherlock tugged John’s prone form up a little higher, and tried to reassure them both, “The police are coming soon. Everything will be OK.”
We shift on the bed, neither releasing their proprietorial grasp, but manoeuvring for optimal access and end facing each other on our sides, John’s straighter form to mine more flexed, bringing our faces and hips into effective alignment and meaning that I’m still within reach of John’s capable hands. Practice makes perfect, and this is a routine we’ve practiced enough that awkward conversations and blushing fumbles for lubrication are behind us.
Striding across the room, the Doctor plucked the slide from Sherlock’s fingers, placing it back in the tray before taking it and putting in in a nearby fridge.
John had asked, more than once, why Sherlock never desired a romantic partner. The agonising truth that he could admit to himself in private was that desire had already set up a restless, unhappy home in his soul, however doomed to failure that attachment may be.
“Get out here. Get out here now!” John stood square in the middle of the lounge, fingers gripped tight around the file.
Sherlock shook his head. This was a dangerous path to walk down, even in his imagination. Any hint of such a relationship meant disgrace at the least, and more likely incarceration and worse. The world may be changing as the nineteenth century came to a close, but sodomy and those that practiced it were not just frowned upon, they were pariahs.
“Hurry –,” The word was cut-off as John’s mouth filled with water and Sherlock tore at his coat, flinging it to the ground as he grabbed the end of the rope and threw himself over the edge, skidding down the walls of the well, trying to slow himself with the soles of his shoes
Sherlock rolled them over, pressing John’s shorter body beneath him and proceeded to map every inch of his skin, worshiping with eyes, and tongue, and fingers, methodically shifting down the bed and devouring each new area as John mumbled, and cursed and tried to tug Sherlock back up where he could get at him. But Sherlock wouldn’t be deterred, treating John with every bit as much focus as a crime scene, and all John could do was submit to the onslaught. When Sherlock finally took John in his mouth, it was all John could do not to scream with the sheer joy at the feeling, fisting his hands in Sherlock’s curls as Sherlock bobbed, and sucked and rolled his tongue over the sensitive head. He could feel Sherlock hands, those beautiful, glorious, magical hands, pressing his hips down onto the bed so that, even in this, John was completely at the mercy of Sherlock’s ministrations.
John slipped his fingers amongst Sherlock’s curls, burying them so that the golden skin disappeared under dark waves, “… You’ve always said… “ John gasped a ragged breath, hips thrusting up uselessly, seeking friction that wasn’t there, “… I thought…”
Sherlock had stilled at the words, a fine shiver of nervous energy making his hand tremble within John’s, “Is that what this is then, a relationship?” He asked carefully.
“That’s my Alpha.” John cemented the behaviour with praise that shouldn’t have made Sherlock flush with pride, yet did anyway, “So smart. Not just some mindless machine. Come here…” John gestured with open arms, purring with happiness as Sherlock fell against him, solid and heavy against him.
Sherlock reached out gently touch John’s knee, “You should already been feeling the benefits of being closer again, calmness, a sense of security?”
There was silence for a moment, but Sherlock knew John was still there from the tantalising scent easing under the door. Finally John’s voice came, oddly stuttering, “Right… fine…OK. I’ll umm, see you in a few days.” The sound of footsteps receding sounded like gunshots on the timber floor.
It was bad enough that Sherlock had needed to take him in again, like a stray puppy, after Mary had been taken into custody; the baby that was never his had been fostered out to a better home than they’d ever been able to give her.
“And you’re a sociopath. Except we both know you’re not, and we both know I’m not straight either.” John couldn’t resist any longer and he arched his hips against Sherlock’s hand, hoping he’d take the hint.
Sherlock shrugged, “Who knows. I’ve heard cuttlefish can hypnotise their prey so it doesn’t escape.”
You say you wish you had been brave that night. You are the bravest man I have known, John Watson. Far braver than me, and I’m coming to think a good bit smarter too. You were always the better man, John, and I am made greater for your part in my life.
“Jesus, Sherlock.” The thought was overwhelming, to claim Sherlock as his, always his, forever, and John’s stokes faltered as he desperately tried to tamp down his climax “Christ, yes. Of course, yes. But not like this, OK?”
“I think I just proved that I can.” He chuckled against Sherlock’s check where his face was cradled.
John awoke the following morning pleasantly achy and unpleasantly warm. As expected, Sherlock was nestled against him, exactly where he’d been when they finally succumb to exhaustion. What John didn’t expect was for the two of them to be wrapped in Sherlock’s Belstaff, sides tucked securely around them both and encased like a red lined woolen sausage.
Sherlock stopped his pacing and looked back at John, his expression softening, “No, I suppose you don’t. It took me a long time,” he returned to the table, “so long… I thought I’d never get back to you.”
Finally lifting his face to make eye contact, Sherlock stood suddenly, the chair toppling backward behind him to crash to the floor, “What would you have me do, John, I can’t have you.” As his voice broke at the last, he grabbed a salt cellar from the table and hurled it across the room to shatter against the wall before striding down the hall to slam his bedroom door behind himself, effectively ending the conversation.
“You’re doing fine, more than fine,” John murmured, “If this is you not knowing what to do, then God help me when you work it out.”
As John bent to retrieve his suitcase from the foyer, Sherlock hissed roughly, “leave it,” as he pushed the shorter man toward the stairs with clear intent.
John shrugged behind his tumbler, taking a sudden interest in the way the dim light reflected of the amber liquid, “Dunno really, lease expiry date, expectations… reputation.”
“No, you’re right, of course, and Mycroft would be right too. I’m not… kind to myself around that date.”
John reached for the teacup, but Sherlock flinched back when it was offered to him, his eyes narrowing and shoulders tense.
John cleared his throat roughly, glancing down at Sherlock’s feet, where they were rubbing gently against his jeans, “Can you?” he whispered.
“Not with your face mashed into a pillow, when I bond you, it will be with you in my arms. I want you cl-close to me, surrounding me. I wa-want to be touch- touching you all…
His eyes meet mine, seeking confirmation and I give a tight-lipped nod. With anyone else, they may take my look as reservation. But John knows me, and sees it as the tightly restrained passion it is.
“I keep dreaming you’re there, with me,” now his desire was unmasked, Sherlock seemed more willing to admit the magnitude of the truth.
“I let you feed on me, and… well, that started off a chain of events that I’m not sure either of us was expecting.”
“Jesus, Sherlock, what the fuck was that?” John’s voice sounded wrecked to his own ears, gravelly and raw.
Any concern he’d felt that either Sherlock, or Mary, or both, may develop some feelings of jealousy had disappeared like so much smoke in the wind. Both his partners had never been happier and any awkwardness that he’d worried may occur when they happened to be in the same place had come to naught. In fact, it seemed that the topic of their shared Doctor gave them a common grounds from which they had begun to build a truly stable friendship.
though, does it. Hoping that if you wait long enough, pay enough attention that maybe he’ll turn that thousand watt smile in your direction.”
“Come on, John. We’re already late,” Sherlock was hailing a cab as John lagged behind on the pavement.
In fact, to Sherlock’s frustration, John chose the third option, which was to return to their status before the fateful trip to the lab.
The paper didn’t move, eyes remained hidden, “Yes, I’m sure you would. However, I have things I need to… do.”
“I think we can both agree, after your stag night, that one of us drunk at a time is more than enough.
John took the hand and let himself be pulled up, clinging pathetically to Sherlock’s lean frame and leaning close to nestle against the thick Belstaff coat, nuzzling in and smelling the vague musk and cigarette smell that never quite left the fabric.
“John?” The voice came from much closer, and he hesitantly opened his eyes to find Sherlock standing in front of him, “Are we going to talk about this?”
John turned to where Sherlock was tucked against his shoulder, face inches away, eyes warm and bright. He could feel Sherlock pressed, hot and hard against his hip even though the denim. There was a subtle twitching and quivering wherever they touched as Sherlock ruthlessly controlled the nervous adrenaline coursing through him and something of John’s awe at his restraint must have shown in his eyes as Sherlock suddenly groaned and captured John’s lips with his own.
Sherlock had begun fidgeting in his seat around five minutes ago and it had now gotten so bad that the steering was beginning to waver alarmingly.
“I’d not begrudge you that. You need not fear judgement from me, not when I’ve been plagued with a similar affliction.”
John’s face did something complicated, shifting through confusion, offence, and embarrassment before finally, thankfully his expression lifted at the carefree joy alight in Sherlock’s eyes and he joined him in easy laughter.
“And…umm… how would it start, this meal?” John shifted, his own feet now stroking at the side of Sherlock’s thigh.
John folded his newspaper and placed it aside with fingers that only tremble slightly, “I should make you wait.”
“Let me finish, because you probably don’t… see, I mean.” John frowned, his lips pursing thoughtfully, “It’s a terrible time for our boys, over there. What happens to them, emotionally, physically. And remember, they’re grown men, with… habits… private habits. On occasion, disabilities, injuries would deprive them of their hands, or freedom of movement and,” John coughed, “well, on occasion, one would ask for… a hand, so to speak.”
At the image of Sherlock, his hand slick and moving, John’s heart pounded, and his cock was already thickening in anticipation at the thought of what he was about to suggest.
“Oh, I hope so, I really do, for your sake. But let’s give him a little nudge, shall we?” He stepped forward and reached down into the pocket of Molly’s lab coat, drawing out her mobile phone.
John’s brow creased, “Yeah, that’s what I thought you said.” He shook his head, “Still doesn’t make sense… What?”
“Oh Christ, John,” Sherlock lifted his head to bring their mouths together, sucking one of John’s lips harshly between his own as if suckling on it. One of his hands was curled over John’s shoulder, clasping almost hard enough to bruise as he drove himself through John’s hand and against his cock.
“Not sure, ‘cause I’m going to keep saying it until you listen. I was drunk, what I said, whatever I might’ve done was way out of line and… I’m sorry.” John tried to put every shred of sincerity he felt into it.
“Thought I had… “ Sherlock squirmed, rubbing his trouser-clad arse against the wood of the door, “… another hour.”
“Mmmmm,” John hoped the sound would be taken as affirmation, coming as it did as part whine, part moan.
John frowned and thought the remainder of the conversation through. He’d assure Sherlock that whatever his sexuality, it was fine. Sherlock would agree, and brush John off with a comment about being married to his work. Change it, Sherlock had said.
With a glance at the mantle clock, John raised a hand to cover Sherlock’s, “You look done-in. Will you try and get a few more hours sleep before dawn? We can talk more in the morning.”
“It was one night, Sherlock. You said it yourself, loss of blood, exhaustion. There’s no reason… ” John rubbed idly at the fading mark on his wrist.
“Because,” John snuggled closer and placed another gentler kiss on Sherlock’s bemused lips, “it’s about trust.”
, I can feel him, too big and yet finally aligned to the size of the impact to my life. Overwhelming, all encompassing, always around me, and now, beautifully, within me as well.
from me. You’re a wonder to me, the depth of that hidden heart, it’s always astonished me, Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock chuckled back darkly, “I can see we’re going to have to talk about vampire instincts. When hurt, we tend to bite.”
John couldn’t find it in his heart to disagree. Sherlock’s naturally cooler skin temperature came as a soothing balm to the heated flush of his skin. “I shouldn’t be here.”
John took a quick glance at the detective, at the high flush on his cheeks contrasting with his eyes, the usually light ring almost consumed with the dark pupils. “Steady on, old boy. Plenty of time.”
Opposite, Sherlock sat, hands templed beneath his chin quietly regarding the conundrum that was his flatmate.
John’s sudden intake of breath brought his chest into contact with Sherlock’s fingers again with another tingling brush against the raised nub.
Sherlock looked up, his mouth turned up in a wry grin, and John found himself remembering how those lips felt under his.
, to now know it’s not. At this moment, Sherlock was on the other side of that door, alone, and tired, and…
Sherlock growled and lifted his head to look seriously at John for a moment, “Promise me…PROMISE we won’t go back to how we were again.”
As John reached the corner he scrabbled at the bricks in a practiced attempt to slow himself and pivot around the corner into the alley.
hear it, playing over and over in his head. Deep, rich, and broken with surrender. John had never heard such a sound pass Holmes’ lips and, with an unexpected pang of regret that took him by surprise, conceded he likely never would.
John nodded slowly and drained what little remained in his glass, before placing the glass aside and turning back, “What do you think I’d have said?”
John began to giggle, which quickly devolved into laughs that shook them both as Sherlock continued to try and get an arm free and the coat, with its mystical cloak as lining, tugged them back together.
Sherlock had naively hoped that in this second heat he would be able to retain some semblance of control. He’d intended take his time with John and pay homage to his mate’s body in the way he deserved, but at John’s needy whimper, something broke within his mind and his Alpha instinct roared to life. Grabbing at John’s hips, he ground deeper and as the whine was repeated, pulled back to thrust forward again, harder the second time.
Not sure why I’m writing this, to be honest, you being dead and all. But Ella’s suggested that one way or another, I need to get the shit that’s in my head out, or I’m not going to be able to properly move forward, with Mary.
Sherlock sighed, “That wasn’t right. Look… I’ll make this simple, because you’re clearly struggling to keep up. Should have expected it, you being… not me, and all. We’re starting again, John. Clean slate… new bowl. So
“We are not a couple who seek out the normal in life, and as such, I find myself more interested in what makes myself and my husband happy far more than what is considered proper. Do you understand, Mr Holmes?”
With an angry huff of breath at his own weakness, he turned onto his back and tucked his errant hands underneath himself, “Stop it, Watson. Idle fantasy leads to nothing but ruin,” he muttered to himself as he began stoically counting sheep.
John stumbled into Sherlock’s bedroom and flicked on the lights. As expected, Sherlock was sleeping, or what passed for vampire sleep. The urban legend of vampires sleeping during the day was yet another myth perpetuated by the vampires to help them ‘pass’ in human society. The truth was that most vampires didn’t sleep often, but when they did, they slept hard. Sherlock was no exception.
Finally, John raised their joined hands and slowly pressed Sherlock’s fingers to his mouth, his moustache brushing as thin lips touched down on each one in turn as Sherlock’s mouth fell open with a surprised, panted breath.
John’s hand dropped away as he took a step back, alarm widening his eyes, “No! And stop deducing me when I’m half asleep, Holmes. It’s not… helpful.”
Sherlock looked at the arrayed packets and bottles in front of him. Oblivion in tiny capsules and tablets. With trembling fingers he picked up the pen and tapped it on the paper and began slowly, methodically to keep his commitment to his brother.
. Angry at the time lost, the opportunity and even the danger. The idea of tapping into Sherlock’s hidden passion, needing to keep it quiet, perhaps having to lay a firm hand over those plush lips to silence an unrestrained cry of exultation. Arousal fizzed through John’s veins and pooled low in his groin.
Sherlock’s last remaining disappointment at having to leave the file was salved by the delightful blush that rose in John’s cheeks.
On any other day, John may have challenged the action, asked what the hell Sherlock was doing, perhaps made a weak and increasingly implausible objection. As it was, the careful, undemanding touch was like balm on frayed nerves and he settled for a deep, thankful sigh and relaxed.
John arched his hips upward, and was rewarded with an answering thrust from Sherlock against him, another groan smothered by John’s mouth.
“No, stay down, I want you like this, or I’ll leave you here, dripping and desperate,” John pumped away over and over, “I could do this forever, hammer into you until you’re bruised and broken. Would you like that?”
“God… Sherlock,” the hushed entreaty slipped from his mouth as Sherlock’s hands continued to roam, circling slightly lower on his chest and then returning to drag across his nipples again before starting another circuit.
“Until the morning then, doctor,” Sherlock breathed the words in a low whisper and considered the faint tremor in John’s grip at the tone. Looking more closely, he took in the continued tension in John’s shoulders. The uncommon discomfort in his proximity to Holmes’ person. There were signs of adrenaline that shouldn’t be evident at this late hour and straight from a restful sleep.
Hurry, Sherlock thought desperately, where the hell are the police? “Don’t be ridiculous, John. You don’t want me taking care of your daughter,” he shook John gently, urging him to remain conscious, “no sane person would trust me with a child.”
. He looked at where John was peacefully ensconced in his chair, reading his newspaper, naked knees and shins visible below the lower edge.
Sherlock’s eyes shone in the dim light, huge pale pools only inches from John’s, “I know that, and it’s not because I have to prove something, or other rubbish. I just want…” his words trailed off, “I’ve waited so long, and I thought we’d missed our chance. I want this, I think I
“I does help, John,” Sherlock whispered, “It helps to know I’m not alone in this struggle,” John’s breath hushed across his damp knuckles, “and it
“But it is, it already has, you have to see that?” John’s fingers inched toward Sherlock without conscious thought, until John frowned and moved them back again, “Whatever we say to ourselves, you have to admit that our hand was a bit… forced… on this?”
Sherlock smiled lazily, his fingers spread over the thighs of his pyjama pants, “Something delicious,” the word rolled from his mouth like cream, “something we’d take our time over.”
“Christ, Sherlock!” John grabbed desperately at the sheet as Sherlock’s head dipped down and engulfed his cock again.
“This would be easier without the shirt,” the comment came one night without preamble and without warning and John tensed under the roving fingertips as Sherlock’s words whispered into the room.
“She’d been shot. They found her in the tank,” Lestrade’s voice cracked again, “The fish… the fish got at her. They say there were sharks.”
Finally, Sherlock cleared his throat, “Do you remember how I resolved the issue of Moriarty’s death?”
Eventually, Sherlock simply huffed and the corner of his mouth quirked up. Closing the book he’d been reading (one handed) he put it aside and said, very slowly, “John… Take your shirt off.”
“No please, let me continue, I’m not blaming you… either of you.” Mary reached and took Sherlock’s upheld hand between her own, leaning forward in John’s chair, “My father, as you may know, was something of a specialist in areas of… the heart. When his papers were left to me, I came to believe, as he did at the end of his life, that a man cannot change his true nature and that in rare cases some men, very special… exceptional men are so filled with empathy for their fellows that his heart is too full to be restricted to the love of a single person. My John,” she paused and then corrected herself with careful emphasis, “our John, is such a man. You’ve seen his heart, how full it is of compassion for mankind. Is it any surprise that he has so much love in his heart that a single partner would not suffice?”
“And as such, Mr Holmes,” She paused to pluck a thread from her gown, “as a man who also… seeks out the aberrant… I ask you if you will grant my husband, and therefore me, a boon.”
“Mmmmm,” The contented noise ceased when he realised their predicament. He gave a huff, “Oh, for God’s sake.”
Sherlock lay buried under rumpled sheets, the stark whiteness only serving to provide additional contrast to the inky curls and piercing eyes. John wanted nothing more than to collapse back toward him and bare his throat to Sherlock’s pillowy lips. The logical part of his brain firmly advised that this was
And so it continued, albeit now without the shirt, night upon night. If such a thing as a routine existed in Baker Street, the nightly giving and receiving of gentle touches became one. John didn’t understand it, didn’t question it further, and if he were absolutely honest with himself, became more reliant on it to end his day and soothe him to sleep as the weeks passed.
“They always will,” Sherlock steepled his hands below his chin, “What about specifically, this time?”
“And you… “ John placed an enquiring hand on Sherlock’s foot, already bare at his side, “would you have the same, or something different?”
John’s movements are becoming erratic and I relinquish my grip on one hip to begin stroking him in time with our thrusts. Although he is looking at me, I can’t honestly say if he is seeing me anymore. There is a faraway look in his eyes that speaks of being at once apart and yet at one with the universe. I know that place well.
“Perhaps we could agree to a truce,” Sherlock offered tiredly, “or at least a stalemate.” Sherlock looked at the man in his bed, “You’re too weak to run, and I’ve had my fill of your blood tonight.”
An easy silence fell. John had moved back to Baker Street over a week ago, almost six months after Mary’s departure. The truth had finally come out about Mary and the baby, and with all the delicate handling of a royal scandal, John’s wife and the child that was never his had been quietly removed from John’s life, London, and probably England.
A wordless nod and an answering clasp of his fingers was all the confirmation John needed to tug him down the hall.
“You needn’t concern yourself; I wouldn’t feed without your permission.” The smile dropped away as he frowned, “I thought I’d made that clear last night?”
"Tell me this won’t ruin us, John? Our friendship, I can’t risk that... even for the chance of it being more,” he murmured brokenly, “Tell me to stop if there’s a risk.” Even muffled against his skin, there was an unfamiliar tone of fear and desperation in the voice.
"God, Sherlock, your hands," John rasped out, unable to resist the urge to push himself through the circled grip.
Sherlock managed to turn his head to glance at John over his shoulder. His eyes were feverish and bright, but there was something deeper there, hidden in their blue depths, “I’m sure, make me yours, John.”
“Not at all, my dear man, I take your hesitation as an indication of the depth of your feeling regarding the importance of this moment,” John tugged Sherlock’s fingers up to lay a soft kiss to the knuckles. “No-one else has ever seen you so adrift, and I am almost overcome that you would let me see you so.”
“Of course,” Sherlock put down the short-bladed knife he’d been absently turning over in his fingers.
But as John considered what that wicked grin might mean this time, he reflected that the key word in that thought… was
, we’re going to all take a seat and quietly discuss why someone is trying to frame me and expose vampires… and hunters for that matter… to the general populace.”
I consider reassuring John that if it wasn’t OK, I certainly would have stopped it by now. Instead, I sink back against him and continue the gentle, unhurried exploration of each other’s mouth that we began some ninety minutes ago. I can’t quite remember what started it, perhaps it was a certain look upon his face that I deduced meant he needed a damn good kiss, or perhaps it was a particular way my lower lip pouted. Whatever the case, we’d met somewhere in the middle and continued on from there.
No, he thought as John handled hiss cock like it was the finest eggshell china , this isn’t how I imagined this at all.
John blushed and took the seat next to her, “Not as such, no. They weren’t exactly,” he searched for the right word and settled on, “non-consensual.”
Sherlock didn’t let him finish. Instead, he walked into the room, brushed past John and leaned to lift the bundle lovingly, clutching it to his chest before pivoting and walking back through the door and down the hall.
The sudden erratic pounding in his chest came suddenly and brutally, and John found he couldn’t breathe. The room faded to gray and then white until he felt Sherlock’s strong arms around him, and his name being called from what seemed like far away.
Sherlock slumped bonelessly on top of him, breathing hard, the fine tremors of aftershocks twitching through them both.
John could feel the heat rising in his cheeks, his lips had parted and he wet them with his tongue, “Really?”
“Hellfire, Sherlock, I want…” John leaned his forehead against Sherlock, eyes squeezed shut as he canted his hips against Sherlock’s tight abdomen.
“Wouldn’t mind,” Sherlock mumbled blearily, drunk with need, “Just fuck me, for God’s sake. I need it.”
“Yes, I suppose we are.” Sherlock eased his hands, which had been gripping the arms of his chair, around John’s waist, “dictate your terms, hunter.”
Molly thought there was something odd when she arrived at 7am and spotted Sherlock’s files still open on the desk, but no sign of the detective. It was only 30 minutes later when she did her morning rounds that she opened the door to the drawer.
At the movement, Sherlock groaned and his fingers tightened around John’s shaft wringing an answering sound from John. John moved his hand from Sherlock’s to encircle his wrist, tugging it to the waistband of his boxers and pressing until it slipped underneath and over his erection.
John’s hand slipped from Sherlock’s hip around to rest at the small of his partner’s back with a small whine, “God… stop moving.”
There was clear frustration at himself in his tone. This was becoming a regular occurrence, John appearing in the dark of the night to reassure himself that the bloodied images were spectres of the past. The sounds of war now overlaid with images of my own crumpled form on the sidewalk haunted him.
Our faces are inches apart and John is practically shouting into my mouth, obscenities laced with gasps of pain easing to grateful moans as the muscles give up their rictus grip on him.
“Put that down, John. Very carefully,” Sherlock’s deep voice came from the doorway, threat evident in the tone.
“You’d have been right,” Sherlock edged back slightly, panting hard. “John, I know I said we’re starting over, but if it’s alright with you, I’d like to skip the four years of foreplay this time and get straight to the sex.”
“Some lessons can’t be learned in class.” Sherlock moved to nuzzle at John’s neck again and John helplessly lifted his chin encouraging the touch.
John shifted again as he lost what little traction he had on the slippery floor of the well, and clutched harder at the back of Sherlock’s shirt, throwing his arm ver Sherlock’s shoulder to try and get slightly more height above the surface of the water.
Sherlock was still staring with wonder at the bowl as John left the flat, grinning, “Of course, yes.”
, will you?” John asked, peppering the skin visible at the neck of his shirt with firm, sucking pulls of his mouth.
His voice has become a series of grunts, little huffs of breath catching on his vocal cords in their frantic flight from his lungs. It won’t be long now and I begin to give myself over to my own rising swell of desire.
He rolled to settle back against Sherlock’s still pyjama-clad crotch with a breathy sigh as the touch of Sherlock’s fingers returned, now more intimate than ever, flesh-on-flesh. John could feel the slightly rough callouses from where his fingertips held down violin strings as they pressed against his over sensitive skin.
Whatever Sherlock had planned to say was cut short as John gave the taller man a rough shove, tipping him onto his back and crawled to loom above him with a growl, “Sherlock… “
Sherlock lifted the cover of the file and removed a single sheet of paper, holding it out for John to take.
“Yes,” Sherlock responded firmly, “that’s right, John, you need to take care of Rosie. Listen to me, John, they’re almost here. Stay with me, John.”
“All the better for seeing you, and hearing you plan to spend the day,” Sherlock answered, pushing himself up to sitting heedless of the way the sheets puddled around his bare torso.
Sherlock pressed a cup and a slice of toast into John’s hand before heading into into the bathroom himself, “Five minutes John, then we’re out the door.”
But Sherlock pushed ahead, “And then, Moriarty… I know you don’t accept that what I did, but you must know why I did it?” He turned to stare at John, hands beseeching and the volume of his voice rising, “you MUST.”
– Yes, seductive and brilliant. John had been woefully unprepared for the sheer genius of the man. The quicksilver thinking, the insight into the humans around him; It was intoxicating to walk in Sherlock Holmes’ world. John was as much addicted to Sherlock Holmes as the vampire was to the blood. They both needed it to survive.
Pressing hot kisses down Sherlock’s neck, John nuzzled his nose deep in his Suprasternal notch and breathed deeply, mumbling “What do you want Sherlock?”
His strokes are strong and sure and mine are smooth and melodious, giving both what the other desires. I need John’s calm confidence and firm insistence, and he needs my delicacy and ability to instantly deduce what he needs on any given night. My mind stills; surrounded by sensation, sound and smell, and the world contracts to the deep blue eyes that fill my field of vision, as this man who has entirely consumed my world stares at me like I am the centre of his. We are, at this moment, each other’s everything.
Distantly, he heard the sound of John’s bag falling to the floor of their entrance hallway. Lifting his head he saw John standing, mouth agape staring up at him. “Wait… Not ‘what I want’?” John took a shaky step forward, there was a flash of something very much like anger in John’s eyes, “Not… what…I…want?”
Leaning close to John’s ear, “Sorcerer Supreme,” as all John heard before Sherlock was casually gesturing and arcane symbols burst to life at his fingertips, weaving around John and noticeably clustering around his groin. With a gasp of disbelief, John was again erect, the satiation still warm in his muscles, but his arousal back at his peak.
“Sit down, John. Before you fall,” Sherlock took a single unthreatening step forward, hand upraised to point at the kitchen chair just to John’s right, and with shaking legs, John slumped more than sat in it.
Single child, lived alone… nothing odd there, had been killed while walking home from a work event one night. No witnesses…
“Oh, God.” John exhaled a relieved breath that caught as Sherlock trailed the backs of his fingers across the already damp cotton exposed within John’s flies, “Sherlock… “
Sherlock sucked in a ragged, gulping breath and John pulled the man to him, enclosing his lean frame in strong arms. Putting a hand to the back of Sherlock’s head, he pulled it down so it was cradled in the crook of his shoulder as Sherlock sighed and some of the tension in his shoulders eased at last.
to find my spare clothes still in my wardrobe upstairs,” John gave him a fond but exasperated look as he took his seat and as simply as that, their dynamic was restored. The easy banter and jibes cushioned with the underlying solidity of their friendship, “This looks lovely, Mrs Hudson.”
His mind-palace was a useful but often troublesome thing. The repository for all manner of carefully hoarded mental flotsam, it was a wunderkammer of epic proportions. As it grew and expanded with every passing year, his ability to subconsciously connect unrelated pieces and deduce a plethora of unexpected information was both a blessing and a curse.
Sherlock sat silently, fingers steepled under his chin watching John as he went over the sheet again.
Taking a fortifying sip, John weighed his words, avoiding Sherlock’s eyes, “Well, you know… people still talk.”
John’s stomach dropped. With a sick feeling he realised that Sherlock had probably been suggesting a repeat performance as a method to control what now turned out to be a temporary ailment. He silently cursed himself for exposing his long-held desire for his flatmate.
As Sherlock slumped against him, virtually using the doctor’s stocky frame to support him, John felt the taller man’s warmth bleed into him. Unlike his wife, Sherlock’s frame was lean, muscular and altogether lacking in the feminine curves of Mary. He could feel the sinewy strength in the muscles that ran either side of the detective's nobbled spine and found himself idly tracing their length before a strangled noise from the man in his arms stilled his hands.
The hands at John’s back tightened as Sherlock groaned, pulling the shorter man tighter against him as he fought the urge to bite down, “John… don’t.”
The blonde-grey head turned and once again, the lids parted, “No… I mean it,” he said seriously, the effect somewhat weakened by his tousled hair and high colour, “you’re… that other thing… ummm… nice.”
John hissed an indrawn breath and jerked away from where Sherlock’s lips were so close to his ear, “Not here,” he muttered, and snatched his hand away, “are you
John doubted he’d been this hard in his entire life. He could feel his cock twitching and bobbing, uselessly crying out for attention that Sherlock seemed determined not to give. Instead, the vampire was systematically taking him apart piece by piece.
“No John, I know you won’t be able to act, not with his saliva in your system. I just ask you not to intercede.” She stepped away from them both, edging toward the desk.
“No, he’s fine here. He doesn’t take up much space,” she gave a weak laugh, “I’ll make sure he doesn’t starve, but John…”
“Then I’d share yours, if you’d let me.” Sherlock eased off John’s other sock, tossing it into the darkness behind him.
… coming!” The images of Sherlock wrapped around him were finally too much and with a howl, John drove forward as his knot swelled and locked him inside Sherlock’s quivering body, wringing Sherlock’s own climax from him with a startled cry.
“I’d have thought you’d understand the risks of touching potentially contaminated equipment, Mr Holmes.” He turned around to face them both, “Now, if there’s no other specific questions, I think it’s time you left.”
Sherlock snuffled a noise that could be construed as either agreement or not and wandered into the sitting room, finally throwing himself down into his leather chair.
“Fair enough,” John got up, wincing as his knees protested the hard floor and sat instead on the coffee table between their chairs, “In the interest of full disclosure, If I’d had the slightest idea you were interested, we’d have been having this conversation years ago.”
It didn’t take long, and John watched enthralled, as Sherlock steadied his stance, the roll in his shoulder picking up speed before he suddenly curled forward and then shuddered violently, wobbling on his wide placed feet. Finally, there was a movement, presumably as he refastened his trousers, squared his shoulders and walked back to the car, pushing past John on the way, flushed and avoiding his eyes.
John licked his lips, swallowed and closed his mouth, and then, for good measure, his eyes, not wanting to see Sherlock’s rejection any sooner than absolutely necessary.
You say you are haunted by the meaning of the kiss upon my own hand, where it lay against your back. The reason is simple, and I’m surprised you didn’t deduce it (have I taught you so little). I was expressing my gratitude to the scar, John. That memory of trauma that troubles you so much was my saviour. Without that wound, you would not have been under my touch that night. It brought you to me. Remember that when you look at it in the mirror; that I was forever thankful for that tangle of puckered skin.
God I miss you, I miss what we were, and I miss what, eventually, I think we might have been. I miss the cozy nights at 221B, and the frantic running through the streets of London. I miss the fingers in the fridge and the violin at 3am. I miss your wild hair and that freckle on your neck.
It seemed like an age before Sherlock heard the whir of helicopter blades, and even longer before Greg Lestrade’s worried face appeared, framed in floodlight, at the edge of the well.
With a muttered curse, Sherlock swung his long legs out of the bed and paced back to the living room.
Sherlock’s new bee was detailed and anatomically accurate. It resembled pictures in biology texts, wings picked out in exquisite detail, legs so finely rendered that the hairs were visible.
They stared wordlessly at each other for long moments, both needing the silence to gather their thoughts before a hint of tears rose in Mary’s eyes and she whispered, “Will you do this for me, Sherlock? Not just for John, or for yourself. I fear for John’s health, his mental wellbeing if this need remains unsatisfied, and I simply couldn’t bear to lose him”
Sherlock’s hands fell helplessly to his sides as John wove his way to the door and made his shaky way up the stairs. He stood watching the man he loved most in the world, and wanted since the day they met, begin his lonely trek, one step at a time, and felt utterly helpless to make things right.
“No you don’t. You’re trying to convince yourself, but all the same your hind-brain is screaming to run, just like mine’s screaming to chase. But you’re resisting it, as am I.”
“What the fuck is wrong with you two?” He muttered to John, “He hasn’t said a word to you all afternoon. In fact, he hasn’t said a word to anyone. What’s going on?”
Sherlock’s entire demeanour changed in an instant, softening and relaxing under John’s hands, “Accepted. Next?”
Sherlock settled back in his original position, ear against John’s chest as if listening to his heartbeat, “I would think so, it’s been dropping hints for months.”
By the time they’d finished, both men were blowing warm breath onto their fingers in an attempt to stave off the chill.
perhaps,” John paused for a moment and thought, “No, I’m not entirely sure I’m even surprised. You’ve always been an anomaly; The great detective, so out of touch with people. Able to surmise and deduce the finest detail and yet completely oblivious to the human condition. Appearing so cold and aloof and now, all the while hiding all…
I know I shuddered, I may have actually whimpered. It was just so intimate, and I was confused. But you saw that, you saw everything, didn’t you. You chuckled low in your throat and smoothed your hands down over my arms, firmly enough to be comforting without being construed as arousing.
John stepped back, tensing slightly, “It doesn’t matter. Come on, up you get; Doctor’s orders, the clock’s just chimed two so you should get a few hours.”
“Oh God, oh yes, yes,” John’s rhythm had gone to hell as he chased his orgasm, but Sherlock’s hand remained sure and strong, pushing him up to the brink and over it. With one last stuttering thrust, John cried out and his muscles spasmed, clutching the handful of curls in his hand as he cried out and Sherlock moaned in his ear. He felt the wetness hit his abdomen and on Sherlock’s fingers as he stroked him through it, extending the pleasure as burst after burst coated the space between them.
that I need her to curl up behind me and hold me like you used to. But I can’t ask, because then I’d have to explain why.
“Most of the day, I’ve been trying to ignore it.” Sherlock moved to the kitchen, hoping the fresh air from the window would make the conversation more bearable.
Sherlock’s mouth lifted wryly, “See, I told you that if you spent enough time with me, your deductive abilities would improve.”
In response to his nod, the warm breath of Sherlock’s relieved exhale flowed over his neck and Sherlock wriggled closer again, still not quite flush, but close enough that every time he shifted his arm to trace another path down John’s body, his chest would lean to press against his back and the tantalising nudge of Sherlock’s cock returned to the back of John’s underwear only to disappear again as Sherlock rocked back.
“No! NO! Don’t. I’m alright, it’s good, So good, SO GOOD!” Sherlock stilled, shivering, “God, John, SO good.” With a hitching breath, he began to shift, rocking against John gently and then with more purpose, “John…”
Something complicated and unsure flashed in Sherlock’s eyes and was gone again, but not before John saw it.
He hit breaking point quite suddenly one unremarkable evening in 221B, triggered by nothing more than Sherlock reaching for his coffee without looking, misjudging the distance, and knocking it off the edge of the desk. Like lightning, he reached, grabbed, and juggled the mug, finally managing to hook a long, agile finger through the handle, stilling its decent before it hit the floor.
“There’s something else, isn’t there. Something’s still bothering you. Tell me, you know you can tell me anything, surely?” John lay a hand on Sherlock’s thigh before removing it as Sherlock started at the touch, “Sherlock?”
But this… this felt like the ultimate betrayal. Once again, searching Sherlock’s room for drugs because Mycroft, Mycroft, thinks that it might be a danger night, for some obscure reason.
“I told you that I imagined us there, in that time; a tool to help me solve it,” Sherlock raised his eyes to look at John beside him.
Gone were the casual smiles, the easy laughs, the rumpled flatmate sprawled in his robe. Replacing him had been the tightly buttoned detective; physically and emotionally. Always in his suit, Sherlock had become a stranger in the flat, and John had reached the end of his patience.
John’s lips thinned and there was a twitch of his moustache, “I’ve been gone a month. Good God, Holmes, what could you have possibly done to my room in a
Throughout, Sherlock paced restlessly around the emergency vehicles, the flickering red and blue lights washing the scene of colour. The moment John eased himself from the rear of the ambulance, blanket around his shoulders, Sherlock was at his side urging him toward a nearby log.
John sighed in the doorway and placed the tray carefully on the dresser before coming to the bed and crawling onto it, straddling Sherlock’s prone form with his own and letting the sides of Sherlock’s borrowed robe part to reveal his naked form beneath, “Now listen,” he started firmly, “Mary obviously didn't make it clear, so I’m going to. There won’t be any priority in this arrangement. I have Mary, and I have you. Mary is more than content with this arrangement and is far happier knowing that when I am at home with her, she has my full attention and devotion. You’d be surprised how many of her lady friends bemoan the burden of an unhappy husband under their feet. So there will be no more talk about which of you I favour more. For God’s sake, man,” John’s voice dropped, rough with suppressed anger, “did I not make it clear what you mean to me last night? Do I have to show you again?”
John considered his reply, “I think perhaps I’ve been ordering off the wrong menu. I find I’ve been checking out something a bit… spicier?”
Honestly, Sherlock has expected some sort of reaction. His money would have been on a sexuality crisis, although with the knowledge of John’s true calling as hunter, some sort of meltdown should have been triggered by that too.
Having apparently sated himself with John’s nipples, Sherlock’s exploration had sought and found every erogenous zone on John’s upper body. Spots John hadn’t even been aware of had been touched and teased to the point where the slighted brush of fingertips set off full-body shudders through the shorter man. Whenever that happened, Sherlock would smile, a hint of pointed teeth breaching the curve of his lips, and move on to the next undiscovered location.
“Sorry?” John pulled his head away for a moment, looking up wickedly at Sherlock’s face, “What were you saying?”
“Mmm, there’s a pretty significant update,” He rolled up his sleeve to expose the healing wounds there from the night he saved Sherlock in the alley.
John stared at his face, trying to concentrate around the rising tide of orgasm as he kept up the steady rhythm Sherlock needed to finish, “Mine, Fuck, I want that. I want you to be… “
Standing smoothly, he dropped his door keys into the red and white bowl that took pride of place on the hallway table. They rattled briefly before settling next to Sherlock’s set. The painted bees were practically invisible now, rubbed off over years of use, only the barest scraps of yellow and black paint flecked the still vivid red. There was a chip on the rim where an unfortunate scuff with a saucepan hidden in washing-up water had left it the loser and signaled an end to it’s glorious career as a breakfast bowl. John gave it one last habitual brush with his fingers before he walked down the hall and through the door to their well lit sitting room.
John reached to the floor and picked up the bowl Sherlock had smashed two weeks before. He’d collected all the large shards he could find and methodically glued them together. It’s wasn’t pretty and it was by no way complete, “I tried my best.”
Their world changed, and yet remained oddly the same. Sherlock told him he was the Sorcerer Supreme (a ridiculously indulgent title that didn’t surprise John in the slightest) and began wearing an odd eye-shaped pendant under his (still too tight) shirts, one he called the eye of asparagus, or Aspergillus or something like that.
His movements stifled, John simply moaned and ground his shoulders down onto the mattress, “God, your mouth. Should’ve known, you’re made for this.”
He’d expected Sherlock to lapse back into silence and return to his experiment, which by the smell was something to do with burning feathers, but instead there was a nudge to the top of his head as Sherlock somehow managed to squeeze between it and the arm of the chair.
Sherlock barked a short laugh and some of the tension left the room, “No. No, I daresay that doesn’t cross the fish’s mind.”
“I have an idea,” Sherlock stood in the middle of the room, his breath fogging the air, “but you won’t like it.”
John returned with two remarkably familiar tumblers, both carrying an inch of good Scotch and an ice-cube. The way the lamplight shone through the amber liquid buffeted Sherlock with another way of memory and he shuddered as his hand closed around the cut crystal.
“Oh, I see,” Sherlock said quietly, tugging the edges of the sheet a little closer together only serving to expose a long leg with a dusting of dark hair.
The gas-lights had been turned to low, and shadows loomed large in the corners of the rooms, hiding their own secrets from view
“You’re laughing…” John queried softly, “That’s a new reaction. I’ve had gratitude, I’ve had surprise, I’ve even had regret. I don’t think I’ve ever had hysteria.”
“God, look at you. You really are mine, aren’t you?” John dipped a finger into Sherlock’s dripping hole, running it around the already puffy edges as Sherlock gasped and pushed back, “My little Omega, hungry for an enormous cock. I’m going to fuck you so good you’ll
John had never seen a vampire cry, and now he knew why. The tears that were welling in Sherlock’s eyes were tinged with red and looked entirely inhuman.
There’d been a truly awful night when they’d sat together on the sofa to watch Inspector Morse. Without thinking too much about it, John had remarked that the Inspector had no chance of solving the crime when the scene had clearly been tampered with. When there was no reply from Sherlock, John went on to say that with a gunshot wound to the head, there should have been brain matter spread half way across the floor and then went on to mumble about stupid TV censors.
The response was nothing more than an amused chuckle and Sherlock crawled back up John’s body, parting his lips to drag his sharp canines up John’s sternum as he made the journey. John keened and bucked up his hips at the confusing mix of threat and indescribable pleasure.
“I’d have thought you’d have left several hours ago, won’t Mary be waiting for you?” the detective asked; the question clearly not a suggestion.
“Ahh,” a sharp look of discomfort crossed his face as he averted his eyes, “that may be problematic, Watson.”
John smiled fondly, “I’m immune…” he ducked his head down and placed a very firm kiss on Sherlock’s pated lips, “… you idiot.”
“Hey,” John tapped his cheek, “Hey, look at me. We’re OK, yeah. This doesn’t ever have to happen again. Not if you don’t want it to. I know you don’t do… this”
“Fine.” The spell was broken as Sherlock pivoted on his heels and strode back to the laptop, still nude and John was finally able to assess his prize from the rear. Full, yet muscular, an arse made for fucking, and John intended to do just that. He could already picture his hands holding Sherlock’s flesh, kneading and pressing, tugging the luscious globes apart to make way for him.
Sherlock turned the interplay over and over in his head. The careless use of Watson’s name had been surprising enough to garner a response, even as his mind-palace cast them in the urgency of a final confrontation with his nemesis. And yet, his friend, his ally, his champion, and he must concede he’d cast him as at that had, in the end, not been surprised that this was not Holmes’ first lapse.
“Tsk, tsk. No password, you really ought to be more careful about security, Molly. You never know who could break into your private data.”
“I wondered if you’d wake, how are you feeling, dear chap?” John smiled over the cups and plates from the doorway as if nothing at all unusual had happened the previous night .
They lapsed into silence again, and John could feel the cadence of a heartbeat where his back pressed against Sherlock’s chest and the solid press of Sherlock’s erection was a welcome distraction where it pressed against his arse.
“That really was well below par, wasn’t it?” John lay a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, eyes sparking, “Let’s try this instead, then.”
, except, now they do apparently. If Sherlock reacted badly, he could pass it off as just another one of his idiot ideas, only fit for
“I don’t know what I want,” Sherlock muttered before shaking his head with a wry grin, “No, that’s not quite true. My problem is that the vast majority of things I want are far beyond acceptable bounds.”
Sherlock gave up the struggle and the rich chuckle resonated around the room, “Heaven forbid; our breakfast would be unsalvageable.”
Do I wish we’d been more, had more, done more? Quite simply, yes; but time caught us out. I don’t believe in reincarnation, but perhaps we’d have had the time we needed in another life. Perhaps in that other life, we’d have bridged that ever narrowing gap after a case, your hands had lingered a little longer on my skin after patching me up, and perhaps, at long last, we could have given Mrs Hudson back that second bedroom. Just know that I did want it, John.
The voice seemed to come from a long way away and yet when John opened his eyes, Sherlock was crouched near his left elbow, a cup in his hand. With horror, John realised he’d fallen asleep in the presence of the vampire he’d very recently threatened to kill.
, this is a world away from alright and I try my best to nod wordlessly in a way that expresses a more appropriate descriptor.
Bringing yet another cup of tea, the last four remained untouched on the coffee table, John carefully lifted the vampire’s legs and settled himself on the sofa beside him.
“You interested, or is that just a passing thought,” John’s trailing fingers down my ribs. It’s exquisite.
“These,” John lifted Sherlock’s hands in his, turning them slowly in his, “I mean, they were always amazing; playing the violin, at your microscope, on a case. But now,” he stroked his thumbs over Sherlock’s palms and the detective shivered, “Jesus, now they’re incredible. What you can do, Sherlock,” John’s voice dropped to a hushed murmur.
As Sherlock dithered in his study off the lounge, idly checking on flasks and beakers, the crisp rattle of glassware prompted the doctor to turn in his chair to peer into the gloomy room asking, “Couldn’t sleep either?”
With a groan, John took in Sherlock’s wide, glittering eyes, the shallow rise and fall of his chest as he pulled in ragged breaths and the way the sheet had tented at his groin.
Sherlock looked up without raising his head, making him look unaccountably young to John’s eyes, “You mean that,” He said, wonderingly, “you truly think no less of me?”
John shouted over the sound of the shower as he stepped in, “But they had your DNA, that’s why you were tagged with the kills.”
His heart was pounding, breath short and stuttering in the near darkness of his bedroom. As he reached to flick on the bedside lamp, a worried reply came from beyond the ajar door, “Sherlock?”
It wasn’t that the bed was uncomfortable, in fact the opposite was true. The feather pillow cradled his head just so, curling around his face and releasing a lingering scent of Sherlock’s woodsy aftershave whenever he turned. When he closed his eyes and shifted, it felt almost as if the man himself had cupped his cheek and leaned in a little too close.
As John shifted again, an unasked for image accompanied the lingering scent of Sandalwood and sweat and he groaned at the thought of jet black hair, free of its daily coat of Macassar, bouncing against a pale forehead and the blue eyes wide with passion. John briefly ran a hand down the length of his own torso and indulged for a moment the thought of how the whippet-thin body of Sherlock would feel under his fingers instead.
John blinked, stared, and blinked again as Sherlock stood calmly, his hand still grasping the material, thumb stroking it like a long missed lover and smiling down at it.
“Good, that’s good. Look, I’m going out for a while. I promised I’d meet Greg for lunch. We’ll talk later, yeah?”
“And my alternative is the married to my work speech? No thanks” John tried to ignore the way Sherlock had said masturbate.
I sigh with contentment, my head pillowed on John’s chest, his fingers still carding idly through my hair as I listen to the steady thud-thud of his lion-sized heart under my ear.
“It’s enormous. It’s… Jesus, “ Sherlock whispered, “… It’s beautiful.” He reached for John, “I want it in me. Please, John, please fuck me. Fuck me now, “Sherlock was tugging at John’s arm, “John… PLEASE.”
Sherlock turned his head to rest his cheek on John’s chest, clearly listening to his heart beat, “That wasn’t what this was about.”
On one particularly memorable night, John had missed his footing when running full speed down a set of stairs and had tripped on a loose nail, or his own feet and had only enough time to think, “I’m falling” before he was heading face first toward the concrete nearly a flight below. When he opened his eyes a heartbeat later, the gray floor was less than a centimeter in front of his nose, and he was suspended just above the rock hard floor.
Sherlock’s eyes widened marginally as he slowly matched John’s smile, a soft chuckle eased itself between John’s lips. Within moments, his own baritone laugh joined his partner’s as the tension broke.
“Have,” Sherlock corrected quickly before laying his clenched fist against the glass and making a frustrated noise at his own seeming inability to even moderately censor himself.
“Mycroft, I assume,” a small smile was forming, edging itself forward in spite of his resistance,” and this one in the bottom of the bowl?”
Sherlock looked up, his brows rising as he realised that in his weariness he’d said the last out loud, “Ignore me, I mis-spoke.”
John whimpered and cleared his throat to try and respond in a tone more close to normal, “And you saying things like that isn’t helping the situation.”
“What’s so important about this one?” John glanced down at the autopsy sheet of a seventeen year old girl. She’d been found near Scarborough in Northeast England. The details were specific enough to leave no doubt in John’s mind that this had been a vampire kill.
And this plan had been perfectly serviceable until Doctor John Hamish Watson had entered his life and, shortly after, set up residence in his heart. He’d hoped that with John’s marriage to Mary the infatuation may ease, but instead he found himself mentally speculating as to the nature, frequency and satisfaction of the Watson marital bed.
John couldn’t help the glance downward, to where Sherlock’s genitals lay, not quite hidden behind the hanging front of his shirt. Sherlock coughed loudly and he flicked his eyes upward again.
John became aware that Sherlock was gently licking at his neck. The tender strokes of his tongue salving the bite and numbing the skin as it healed the breach.
“You’re magnificent, you know? I can’t believe you’re here.” John raked down Sherlock’s body with his eyes.
There is cloth against my skin, damp and warm and my blurry vision confirms that we are both spent. I spare one moment of regret that I missed that moment for him, before he is again curled around me and we rest.
He opened his mouth wide, trying to pop his ears and shook his head to try and clear the pin-pricks of light that were fast becoming a snowstorm.
Over and over, he drove into John, each time gaining a cry from his lover, each one a little louder, a little more lost than the time before. Seeing the mess John’s cock was making against his abdomen, glistening pre-come smearing wetly, he released his hold on one of John’s legs, freeing up a hand to reach and stroke in time with his thrusts.
Hands now free, John spat on his hand and managed to slip it between them both, circling his fingers around them both, gaining another hissing gasp as Sherlock’s pace became more determined.
Sherlock was down at Barts, but due back anytime, so John had been thorough but efficient in his search. The sock index had yielded nothing, and all the usual nooks and crannies were similarly empty. He’d just about decided there was nothing to find when a floorboard near the corner of the room gave an ominous creak under his foot, and his stomach plummeted with dread.
Molly was dragged through a series of doors and up a set of stairs, finally emerging by the side of the large tank at the London Aquarium. Through the water, highlighted by the internal lights, she could see the largest of the residents, rays, sharks, and groupers as they swum lazily in the water.
Lestrade stood silently to one side, face haggard and eyes clearly red from crying, although they were dry now.
In the end, he did scream. It was inevitable, he supposed. The pleasure rushed up and over him, swamping him like a tiny boat in a storm, and he heard himself crying out Sherlock’s name, voice hoarse and ragged and through it all, Sherlock held him, in his hands, in his mouth, and in his power. When John came back to himself, Sherlock had crawled back up his body and was sprawled on his chest, grinning at him like an enormous erotic cat and John kissed him, tasting himself on his tongue, and wasn’t that the sexiest fucking thing ever?
I think briefly that we are always like this; me forging ahead recklessly into the unknown, he more measured, more risk-averse. Always ensuring I am attended and cared for whereas I would likely tumble us into disaster.
“Yes,” Sherlock stood suddenly, frustrated, “But I didn’t believe it. Or, if I did, I didn’t understand the possibilities inherent in the statement.”
For my part, it is a feeling of coming home. The closest to belonging and being welcomed that I have ever experienced and I am suddenly alarmingly close to overcome by the sensation. I freeze for a moment and John, alert to my mercurial moods even now, sees my plight and manages to still his movements, laying lax and motionless, giving me time to regroup.
“No, you were quite clear, I just didn’t understand your meaning. How did I…ruin your bed?” John’s brows furrowed in interest.
They’ve moved me, John. I no longer know where I’m being held, which means any chance of escape is virtually gone. This is likely to be the last opportunity for me to put pen to paper, so I’m honour bound to make it count for something.
John shrugged, “Don’t care. Lay there and stare at the ceiling for all I care, up,” he waggled his fingers expectantly.
“Come here,” John leaned forward and gathered Sherlock into his arms, crowding against him and slotting his chin over his shoulder to nestle chest-to-chest.
I know you were drunk, and I know you don’t remember, but for some reason, logic doesn’t seem to be helping me here. You can’t take those words back, and I can’t seem to forget them. So the only choice I have, if I’m to stop them tearing me apart, is to stop them
“Hello,” I place a matching kiss to his grey-blonde hair and roll over enough to make my current state beyond question.
“No! We don’t do that, Sherlock. We don’t EVER do that again.” John stared down unflinching, his deeper blue eyes hard and flinty against Sherlock’s paler kaleidoscope.
