His shadow appeared and a moment later Tony’s body slammed into him. Steve instantly wrapped his arms around the younger man into a bone crushing embrace. Tony was shaking and his legs collapsed beneath him. Steve held onto him and carefully lowered him down. His elation immediately turned into concern as he felt sobs wrack Tony’s body so badly he could barely breathe.
“And he only spoke with his employer over the phone,” Natasha added, stepping behind Bucky. She did not sit down but placed a hand on the back of Bucky’s chair. She continued, “We pinpointed the phone calls but they were all made from a disposable phone. The person he spoke to sounded male and had an American accent. The Chameleon was able repeat his voice flawlessly but neither of us recognized it.”
“When I was younger, I smuggled a lot of stuff into the city and I am absolutely positive there are aliens among us. So much so that the other guys pegged me for one of those conspiracy nuts!” The man laughed and Steve’s brows pinched together in confusion. He noticed and he gasped, “I’m Solo, like Han Solo? Don't tell me you've never seen Star Wars?”
[The only person who could have loved you-!] One of his voices began to lament. Wade ignored it the best he could but he felt sicker for it.
“You coming, Parker?” Eddie asked, holding the door open for him. The other interns leaned forward and openly stared at him.
Peter smiled at his teammates and assured them all he was fine as they asked how he was. Eddie came out of nowhere and Peter exclaimed, “Eddie! When did you get here?”
So sorry for the wait but the space time continuum is a bitch and I had to make sure everything adds up correctly so it'll all make sense in the end! :)
Nearly everyone in the room jolted up sharply and looked at him in amazement. The last to do so was Howard Stark, sitting up in the middle of the machine and covered in black grease. As soon as his dad’s eyes fell on him, he grinned excitedly.
Whatever the other interns were put through in their remedial classes, made them all stop talking as soon as Peter entered the labs. Even Eddie was eyeing him nervously.
Steve smirked at his friend’s acting ability. Had they really been dating he could see Tony doing something like this. Steve looked over his meat patties and sighed, “Just one.”
She watched his body. He didn’t move. He didn’t breathe. He was dead. And she was alone again but, it was so much more worse because she now had the knowledge of love and James.
Bucky slowly circled the mat Natasha and Peter were working on. Natasha had instilled a work ethic into Peter so he did not pause to greet his uncle though he did puff up his chest and hit with more force. Natasha ignored Bucky but grew tenser and her gaze angry.
“M’ ok,” Wade mumbled, seeing the revulsion in Peter’s eyes. Peter began to hyperventilate again just seeing Wade in this state. Wade’s fingers twitched against him as if to somehow comfort him.
Tony pathetically grasped at Steve’s chest. He couldn't be gone. He couldn't have killed him. He was Captain America, a super soldier, it was Steve! He was indestructible!
Peter sighed heavily thinking of the debt he and his aunt were getting into. Maybe he shouldn’t have such a light course load…the longer he was there equated to a longer bill.
Steve smiled in response and Tony knew right there that it was a very nice smile, probably one of the top ten he'd seen in his lifetime.
Peter smiled warmly at the men as they shared a private moment, imagining their honeymoon. He aspired to have the relationship they shared and he and Wade created something very similar. In the years to come, he could easily envision himself sinking into Wade’s arms and being happy from just imagining spending time with him and only him. Wade wasn’t just the love of his life. He was his best friend.
Using the skills his aunt taught him, Peter silently avoided his uncle’s notice and crawled across the ceiling to the stairwell. He noiselessly jumped onto the stairs then lightly padded up the rest of the stairs and went to his room.
Peter paused in his struggles and then countered, “Then how did you survive without me in the first place??”
“I’ve never wanted to be serious with anyone until I met your son,” Wade countered, his voice level and devoid of his usual cheery nature. He was being serious right now. He wanted to convince Peter’s dad how much this meant to him.
Tony slowly lay back as Steve just as slowly crawled onto the bed and lowered him onto the mattress. He moved just as slowly as Tony did because he probably was not wanting them to separate anymore than Tony did. The constant touching was a life line that would probably take days to cut.
Howard groaned some more and then sat up. Still rubbing his forehead, he groaned, “My mind was spinning with the implications of the Palladium but then you mentioned there was a man in the suit too?”
Peter felt his Pops tense beneath him and he lifted his head to see what was wrong. He was going to look at Pops but was instantly distracted by the look of utter devastation on Uncle Tony’s face.
“No,” Ben said, shaking his head. “No, they made me a part of their family just as they want to do with you. Please, Mary. Just give them a chance. They’re good people and your son is a fantastic boy…
“Okay, good!” Steve replied. To Coulson, he said, “Thank you, I can’t imagine how much this is worth!”
Steve chuckled and strolled out of the bedroom. He looked up and saw Bucky was still asleep on the couch. Steve motioned for Peter to be quiet and whispered, “Uncle Bucky is still sleeping.”
“That’s up to Tony,” Steve stated, interrupting Tony’s babbling. Tony’s face grew lax with shock and Steve reassessed what he said and added, “That is…if you want to?”
The Tower was several city blocks away and they walked them all. The stroll felt refreshing to Steve and he loved to watch Peter’s reaction to everything. He made sure to meander and not walk his usual pace so Bruce could keep up with him. The scientist could handle the walk as long as Steve did not move too quickly. It was not too hard for Steve to do it with Peter pulling at him to stop and let him touch or look at something closer. By the time they reached the Tower, Peter was absolutely exhausted.
When they reached the community floor, Peter was gasping incoherently between his giggles. Peter had wiggled in his hold and hung upside-down in his arms. It was only after Steve stepped into view of the kitchen did he stop tickling his son. Peter sighed deeply and hung heavily in his arms like a ragdoll.
Peter immediately shot to his feet and hurried away from the table. He let Steve lead him back inside as he placed a gentle hand on Peter’s shoulder. Peter spared one glance toward Tony and Wade before he went inside. He couldn’t see Tony’s face as his back was to him but his shoulders were hunched.
A few days after the wedding, Pepper emailed him the file of the photos and video from the wedding. He, Steve, and Peter all snuggled together on the couch to view it on their tv. Peter quickly grew bored and they had to cut the viewing short…so they didn’t see one picture in particular until Pepper had it couriered over.
Tony pulled him into an embrace one last time and Peter slipped away before he could get any more emotional.
As soon as he sat up, the AI stated, “Good Morning, Mr. Brock. Due to a security breach, you will need to stay confined to your room until it is resolved. Would you like me have someone bring you breakfast?”
Eddie sat up straighter, his attention totally diverted from what was in front of him. He had no idea who Wade was, of course, so he asked, “How’d you meet him?”
Steve smothered his chuckles and Friday announced, “Peter has returned to the Tower and wishes to know your location.”
“What, no greeting for me?” Natasha asked as she stepped out from behind Coulson. Peter screamed with excitement and launched himself at his aunt. Natasha caught him with a laugh a spun him around.
“I love you too,” Steve cupped the back of Tony’s neck and leaned in, staring hopelessly at him. He pleaded, “So stay with me.
Tony glared at the young man the entire time, causing Steve to glare at Tony. It wasn’t this kid’s fault he needed to collect samples from Steve.
“SHIELD has yet to post anymore information to their servers. However, it has been noted that Agent Coulson had been assigned the case.”
They explored each other’s bodies, mapping out the new territories and looking for what brought the other pleasure. Peter eventually cracked open the lube and his fingers made their way into his entrance, reservedly at first as he was obviously unsure. There isn’t really a social etiquette for putting one’s fingers up another person’s ass so Wade encouraged him along with whispered praises and reassuring moans.
He could barely see Steve’s fortified expression through his tears but he knew his stepfather. Steve would not let him go until he was dead. Which was more than likely going to happen and there was
The new pants he was wearing were instantly soaked as the surf crashed against his shins. He took several steps into the water so that, even with the tide, he’d always be in the water. Tony and Pepper wordlessly watched him from the shore, close enough so that only the strongest of tides could brush foamy water against their toes.
As soon as Marcel sat down, Steve whispered, “If I weren’t dating Tony, I would kiss you right now.”
Around them, the white steam from the hot water hid them from the outside world. It was just Wade and Peter there.
"Of course," Wade murmured. "I don't want to bring an end to us. You made me happy and, well...Vanessa, my late fiance...I always used to say she made the world smell like daffodils and, well, Pete...you make it all smell like gardenias..."
Over five years later, Richard and Mary Parker died in a plane accident and their department was bought out by their partner company, Oscorp Industries. Stark Industries did not even try to attempt buy back their old biologic department. The article stated that Stark Industries was no longer interested biological sciences and, at the time, was the only interested in expanding their industrial weapons sector.
Tony’s eyes suddenly were not meeting his and a telltale flush crept along his cheeks. Tony was uneasy and Steve already felt a little better. If Tony was flushing from shame then he knew what he did was wrong. Maybe he forgot to tell him? He probably was not expecting to find Steve having a panic attack so it’s quite understandable that he was somewhat distracted!
Tony’s grip tightened on him slightly but he made no immediate rebuttal, a sign that he agreed despite eventually stating, “You being here to comfort me is enough…”
Steve’s chest warmed as he imagined the freedoms being gifted to Peter. Out of everything, he’ll love that the most.
Howard removed his head from the oven, feeling a little dizzy from the gas, and gasped, “There’s gas leaking all over this place! We need to get out!”
"I'd rather die a hero than live as a monster," his host reasoned and Venom screamed in frustration.
Tony shook his head and said, “I…I don’t know. Mary and Richard told me to never reach out to him and I gave them my word I wouldn’t. At first, I didn’t really care. I only cared about me and I drank on his birthday to honor him in some twisted way…But now I drink to drown my sorrows…
Steve’s eyes stayed on Tony only long enough to see him skid to a stop. Tony had not been expecting the move so Steve was not surprised to see a look of shock strewn across his face and half his fake beard fall off.
Tony nodded and slipped off the top half of his uniform and then pulled off his shirt. Steve openly stared at the arc reactor. Tony had yet to meet someone who hadn’t. But, Steve then tilted his head to the side and he stated, “Before we bandage you, you’ll need a bath.”
“He’s good too,” Peter retorted. He didn’t say another word until his coffee was poured and he was able to have at least a third of the mug.
She spun around on the balls of her feet and left Tony. Tony watched her go with both surprise and confusion.
“You shouldn’t put your faith in me so blindly…” He murmured, no looking at her. “My failing to defeat the trigger words just once can be an irreversible,
As Tony walked away, Jim chuckled, “His drill sergeant probably popped a blood vessel with that one…”
Tony held his right hand out to Peter and the younger man reached out but physically jerked as he looked down at Tony’s arm. Tony did have has hands down Steve’s pants only ten minutes before so he flushed, assuming something embarrassing had stuck to his flesh. But, his arm was as bare as basically the rest of them. Tony turned over his arm and asked, “Everything alight?”
Steve left his side for only a moment and returned with two plates of steaming goodness. He let Steve pull him away and they squatted down a nearby alley to eat in peace.
Wade picked up his head and grinned at him. Peter took the opportunity to kiss him again and Wade pushed into it with a relieved sigh.
“When there’s more than one Avenger, yes, but I think this is more for you,” Tony whispered with a large smile. Steve had not given a single comment or interview since the media learned of Peter but, even before that, he rarely did interviews. He'd
As Tony turned on the water to the shower, Steve removed all of the sheets from the bed, wadding it up for the washing machine. He seemed determined to take every article off the bed. A soldier through and through
Eddie chuckled and said, “I guess not…Though, you clearly trust me with some hefty secrets since I know your number one secret now.”
Peter was fine. He was back to sleeping and Wade was resting beside him, sitting in an armchair beside Peter’s bed. His head was nestled in the crossing of his arms on the bed and Peter’s hand rested on top of one of his biceps.
His joy doubled as Steve took his place beside him and pressed his hip against Tony’s. Would this overjoyed reaction always be like this? He didn't think he would ever not be grateful to not have Steve back.
Tony’s eyes twinkled and he stopped what he was doing to lean into Steve’s side. He placed a single finger on Steve’s jaw and pulled him in to kiss him…but not before he whispered into Steve’s mouth, “…that I love you.”
He tried to slip away all cool, but Tony called after him, “Which eye? Seriously? Is the eyepatch a prop or do you have a super computer attached to it??”
“This is the opposite of help!” Tony hissed and sat himself up fully to better meet Steve’s eyes. He refused to look at his father and this position was better to avoid his gaze. Tony continued, “I fixed the initial problem! I have done
“Sweeeett,” Tony said, his mind already planning to make Steve something similar as soon as they got back. “Now walk ahead of me so I can watch your ass in action, my commando Commando.”
Peter led him over to the section where the interns had reserved seating, conveniently near the stage. Most of the others were there already, Eddie included, and his friend did a double take when Peter and Wade came up. Eddie stared at Wade’s skin openly and Wade went quiet, obviously noticing the scrutiny. Peter frowned, already missing hearing Wade’s happy prattling.
“Peter…I know what I’m saying right now sounds impossible but I think you can learn to accept too. Maybe you can’t do it right now but, eventually, you will be able to move on.” Peter looked crushed and his gaze dropped as he peered dejectedly at Tony’s chest. Bruce whispered, “…I’m sorry. I know this isn’t some kind of instant magical cure-all but change takes time.”
“I’m going to check on Master Tony and the Missus,” Jarvis stated, tucking the shotgun into a safer position in the crook of his arm. “Will you be alright alone a moment, sir?”
“I just need to check your memory. The crash may have given you a concussion or rattled your brain,” the doctor explained. “I ask these questions of everyone who gets hit in the head. You displayed an odd reaction to the phone. How about where you are from?”
Steve held Tony’s gaze and slowly pulled up his shirt, flexing his muscles and rocking his hips slowly as he did. His skin prickled in the damp, cool air and his nipples hardened into perky beads. It was only when he met Tony’s eyes that he finally shivered. He dropped the shirt with a snap and bit down on his lower lip. Tony visibly gulped, drawing a smirk from Steve.
“Jarvis…” Tony whispered, his voiced edged with tension. His mind still back in the past and, with the projection of his father in his mind’s eye, Tony asked, “Is there any information out there on a Winter Soldier?”
She gently crooned something to him and helped him sit up. She just as gently took the bottle of sleeping pills out of his clutch and put them on the counter.
“I’m a grandpa,” Howard gasped, clutching his heart, not noticing Tony’s discomfort. He laughed, “Tony, your mother is pregnant with you right now and I can barely cope with how I’m going to be a father nonetheless a grandfather!
Steve's eyes trailed over the destruction left of the Avengers Facility. The building was unrecognizable. Everything they had built there had been destroyed.
Steve’s entire face pinched as he smiled and held back his tears all at once and he gasped, “Our…Our vows?”
He jerked away from him – more afraid of being recognized than staying by Tony’s side. He scrambled back and Tony’s eyes rolled back into his head and he passed out.
“Thank you,” Steve sighed. It was all he could do for the two of them. At least they would be somewhat ready for her wrath.
At one point, Steve kicked off his shoes and loosened a few buttons on his shirt. With Tony talking like he usually did, Steve forgot he was on a date with him and was able to relax.
They stared at each other for a long moment, both shocked to see each other. They both moved in to kiss at the same time and pressed their bodies so tightly together it was like they were trying to become one.
When they entered the ballroom, people spread out in search of their graduates. Peggy’s keen eyes found him quickly and they all repeated their congratulations to the teenager. Maria showered Tony’s face with kisses and Tony begrudgingly took it with a fond smile. When Tony turned to Howard, however, that smile disappeared and he held out his hand to Howard like he was one of his subordinates and not his son.
After Natasha guessed his sexuality, she sent Steve a number of articles and links to websites. All of these items confirmed that what he was experiencing was normal and he was not the only person who had such feelings toward people of the same sex. It was the most amazing thing Natasha could have given him. He had always hated that part of himself but, now, he realized he did not have to. He was not a freak, he was normal.
Tony smirked and drew his shirt over his head with a quick snap. Tony asked, “Did you just correct my language?”
“Steve is that person who can do it,” Pepper continued as if Tony never spoke. “He loves all of you.”
Tony’s mouth was drawn to Steve’s like there were magnets in their lips. He pressed his body into Steve and rubbed his hips. Steve did the same and they stimulated each other as their genitals brushed one another.
Tony nodded then joined his friend on the longue chair. Steve scooted aside to make room for him but it was still a tight fit and Tony would snuggly fit between Steve’s thigh and the arm of the longue chair. Steve’s eyes were shifting around them nervously. He kept looking up at the buildings that circled the yard as if he expected to see the people watching them pop out at any moment.
Both Tony and Steve looked to Coulson and their relationship problems were instantly put on the backburner.
Steve was fated to die and Tony accepted that. What he couldn't accept was what was happening between had to fizzle and die just because of that too. Steve was destined to never fall in love, but, maybe Tony could help him find something close to it …it wasn't going to be permanent but it'd still be something…Tony had many flings like that in his life. It’d be all fun and amazing but it’d eventually perish and they’d part as friends. Steve would have that relationship he craved before he died. Tony could give that to him at least.
Peter left Wade’s side and walked up to them with a happy smile and wide-open arms. He hugged them both and gasped, “You would not believe how happy I am to see you two. Did Friday tell you what happened??”
Steve turned off the shower with a renewed sense of purpose. He wanted Tony. He should try Tony’s way. Maybe it was all he needed.
“But he’s going to leave you so you should just stay with me,” Bucky stated. “Why even consider going back?”
“I need to test some things with the symbiote remains on you,” Bruce murmured and motioned for him to sit at the examination table again.
Howard couldn’t meet her gaze as he added, “You should get your own apartment too. If you continue to live with me then you’ll be at risk too.”
At the moment, Tony was lying on top of Steve with his legs bracketed around the super soldier's hips. Steve had already untucked Tony's shirt and his fingers were digging into the flesh of his back. In response, Tony rubbed himself against Steve, moaning into his mouth. Steve tried to push himself up, maybe to get their bodies closer together, but, he ended up making them wobble and roll off the small couch.
Steve leaned closer to him and whispered, “Truthfully…I’ve been wanting to ask you out for a while…I just didn’t know how to broach it. So real couple…if you don’t mind?”
She huffed out a weak excuse for a chuckle and whispered, “You are wrong on both accounts. The names you listed are all names the Academy gave us. I want you to tell me the names we had before the Academy, the names we spoke only when we were alone…”
He and Steve dressed quickly after that, though Steve paid him back for the pinching with a light tap on his bottom as he strode past him. They smirked at each other and then joined hands and walked out together.
Tony barely interacted with Steven, but he felt like he got a sense of his character in their limited interactions and felt certain that he was not on par with Obadiah or the Ten Rings…in fact, by the tone of his voice, it was the opposite Tony was getting from him. Heck, their first meeting was of Steven jumping into his life, trying to save him.
Steve chuckled and walked in direction of an exit that would deposit him somewhere in Flatbush. He needed to get out of New York, that was for sure. And he was going to California, there was no question about that either.
“But what if you deflected from the Americans? They’ll kill you before either of us could ask for sanctuary, and
The gunshot made Tony jerk so violently that anyone watching would have guessed he was the one that was shot. But it hadn’t been him. He scrambled up as the Red Skull straightened up and returned his gun to his hostler.
Steve closed the door and then turned back to Tony, pulling him into another embrace, needing a recharge. He was in a fragile state and Tony’s presence was the only thing keeping him functioning at the moment.
“Good,” Tony murmured, his warm gaze slowly traveled up his neck before his eyes locked with Steve’s. His eyes flashed with an unknown emotion. Tony ran the tip of his tongue over his lip and Steve’s mouth went dry. Was it really so wrong to want to taste where Tony’s tongue had just flickered across his mouth?...Just only for a moment, just a taste…
When half of Steve’s face was covered, Schmidt hovered over to him again and whispered to him alone, “When I finally empty you, the first person I am going to have you kill is your soulmate. You will hunt him down and
Bucky withdrew a gun from his coat then opened the door with a quick swing. He charged in and Steve reacted automatically as Bucky’s back up. He followed him in and wished his old friend had given him a gun.
Bucky seemed a little stunned by Pepper. Receiving clothes and the news of a beach trip was a lot to pile on him all at once.
“Oh, I’d love to but I don’t want to risk another relative hating on me for practically deflowering their precious boy.”
“–It was pa-palladium?” Steve drove on, not wanting to hear it and he repeated what he heard from Tony’s sarcastic question to Jarvis. Steve did not let go of Tony, but turned to Peggy and asked, “Do we have anything like that? Maybe Howard?”
The monster followed them outside and she heard him ask, “She was the one he was training from the Black Widow program?”
Jarvis had followed its master in stealth mode all the way from the base. It watched the exchange between the two men and, when its master smiled at the Captain, the suit slumped forward as it suddenly powered off with an unexplainable power surge. The armor shuddered and its armor’s optics spasmed with several different color variations, making the armor visible for a few seconds. The armor shifted and its surface area changed as metal moved and implements grew or shrunk. The changes to the suit were minute but were enormous on a quantum scale.
Bruce stepped up next to Steve and they both traded confused and ashen expressions. Bruce wasted no time and knelt next to Peter and he elaborated, “Crawl on the walls. No one else can do that, Peter.” Bruce picked up one of Peter’s hands and ran his fingers over the palm of his hand as he squinted at the flesh.
The man didn’t move nor could Steve tell if he was conscious. He was lying face down and his long, dark hair was obscuring his face.
Bucky’s chest was heaving as he gasped for breath and he was refusing to meet Steve’s eyes by staring at a point above Steve’s shoulder. He looked confused and scared. Steve tentatively reached out and grasped Bucky’s arm. He whispered, “I am fine. I-I understand, Buck.”
Tony was able to mimic the frequency that hurt the partial symbiote on Steve but they were not sure if it would have the same on the actual symbiote or what would happen to Peter. But they had to try nonetheless.
Seconds passed for Steve what was an entire day for Tony and then they were back in the dreamscape, looking at each other.
Tony stepped up to him menacingly and hissed, “Y-You were dead. You know that means that everything you owned is now mine!
Coulson wouldn’t tell him any more about the man that had saved him other than that he had been an agent of SHIELD.
“Tony, you need to get out of there,” Steve hissed, ignoring his observation. Large portions of the house were falling in the ocean.
Tony rubbed his back and murmured something sweetly to him. He could tell Steve was upset and it hurt Steve all the more.
The door slammed open and the Iron Patriot stepped in. Steve lowered the shield and was about to ask Rhodes what was going on when the other man raised his armored hand and pointed it at Steve. His palm glowed then shot out a blast from the repulsor.
When Peter was just starting to wonder if this was a bad idea, Harry asked, “Do you want to play Mario Cart?”
Both Peter and Wade turned bright red and squawked questions about their future daughter. But Cable did not turn to them or answer their questions. He looked at Tony and Steve expectantly.
Under the frigid water, Tony did last minute calibrations to the underwater pipe that would house the final electrical connection to his tower and then covered them with a plate of metal. He narrowed the beam to his palm repulsor and sealed away the precious materials.
Tony inhaled deeply, to steady his voice. Steve’s stipulations came to mind and Tony replied, “Remember those rules you gave me? I-I…I can’t…” Tony huffed and shook his head. He couldn’t say it.
“I know, J,” Tony waved off his AI but the suit remained where it was standing, watching Steve and Tony with an unwavering gave.
Tony held out his hand and said, “If you swear to me you will, then it’s practically a done deal. Captain America never goes back on his promises.”
“Shh,” Ben shushed him. “Come. Get up. You should not sit here. Tony would not want this. Let’s go to your floor and get Peter some ice cream.”
They took him to their precinct for questioning on where he went after the cameraman’s murder. Steve did not object but he didn't know how he was going to handle it. He could not tell them about Bucky but they would want to know where he was this entire time. He had been missing for almost eight hours.
Steve smiled warmly at him and cupped his face and Tony automatically leaned in and their lips touched in a long needed kiss. It felt like years since he last kissed his soulmate but his mouth was familiar as when they had last touched. Their kiss was pretty chaste considering the lack of tongue action but they pressed their mouths into each other’s like they were sharing their last breath.
Pepper helped prop him to his feet and led him into the living room where she deposited him on the couch. She knelt before him and cupped his face.
Steve didn’t seem to mind the extra shadow and helped Tony out wherever he could.  Most importantly, he didn’t steal Tony’s small ration of candy.
“I doubt it will go away. It’s an extension of me now. My brain knows I cannot live without it so I cannot will it away just like you can’t will away your arm…”
Bucky holstered his gun and slowly stepped off the desk. He grabbed the chair tucked into the desk and dragged it over to Steve’s bedside. He sat heavily onto the sparsely cushioned chair and glared at Steve.
Steve pulled Tony into a half hug and he relaxed in the super soldier’s embrace. Maybe Steve was right. Tony wouldn’t get rid of Jarvis and there was probably a plausible explanation as to why Friday was here. Jarvis was indestructible. He was too big for a virus to take out and was spread out through so much hardware that he wouldn’t lose him even if the main CPU at Stark Industries was corrupted.
Tony’s leg was twitching nervously as he peered out of the window at the wondrous view of Venus as the ship orbited it.
Tony smiled sadly at his son and crossed the room, sitting next to him. How was he to provide comfort at this stage? It wasn’t every day his once happily, solitary son was now the top trending topic of the modern world all because he was Tony’s child.
Harry was brought up to Peter’s room by his dad. Dad was worried but he and Peter already had talked about it so he wordlessly left them alone. Harry stood in Peter’s doorway, staring at Peter with large eyes. Peter stared back, sitting in his bed, still wearing the old shirt of Pops’ he had slept in.
Tony picked up a screwdriver with a grin and said, “Awesome, now bring me up those specs from the reconstruction.”
Bucky couldn’t stand this. He couldn’t wait till they were done marching and they could begin their search for Zola…only then would he finally be able to help them.
As Steve humped into Tony’s hold, he dug his fingers into Tony’s ass and encouraged him to move with him.
A week after his confession, they were making love again, this time Tony was facing him as he pounded into him. He stared up at Steve with such affection that Steve could easily mistake it for love.
Tony happily flushed as his emotions surged up into his chest in a fluttering cloud of warmth and excitement. The old hopes and dreams he had smothered and pretended were not there resurfaced. At that moment, he knew he and Steve could do it. They could be happy and fall in love. He was no longer alone…and he’d never be alone again.
They were a few weeks old but it clearly showed that they were not the first to discover Cap’s final resting place.
He tried to block out the memories at first and only think of Pops. The guilt alone he felt for what happened to Pops would have crippled him with the utmost despair. Pops begged him not to blame himself and Peter tried but there was no denying that a good portion of this was his fault.
Especially when he woke and then turned to the man in his bed and still feel as fulfilled as he had the first time he woke.
Steve frowned but did not correct him and May’s brows pinched together. Wade put his hand on top of Peter’s thigh and lightly squeezed it. Peter tipped his head toward Wade and spared him a small, thankful smile.
“By the way he jumped two stories without any assistance, I doubt he is no one,” Coulson retorted smartly.
Yet, no matter how much Venom ate, he could not quench his hunger. It was an endless cycle of eating and hungering. He was damned. The Goblin had done something wrong and flawed the symbiote’s genetic code. It seemed as if he could never stop feeding.
Whoever they were, Steve still had manners so he held out his hand and replied, “I’m Steve, Steve…Carter.” He flushed slightly from using Peggy’s surname and he hoped the doctor would not notice.
“…Tonight may very well be one of the last nights we spend together,” Tony stated aloud what was on both of their minds.
Steve collapsed with him in his arms and then curled around him as they slid down a few stairs until they came to a stop. They pulled back enough just to peer at each other and Tony’s fingers dug a little deeper when he met his soulmate’s eyes.
Natasha had finished her tea and the newspaper since then and returned to her quarters to go through some reports. Bruce also finished and returned to his lab, muttering something about gestation periods. Clint was back on the couch, with his feet on the coffee table, and his hands twisting all over the video game controller. On the television screen his soldier was shooting at zombies.
“No,” Steve gasped, his mouth dry. “Y-You don’t have to….” Steve clenched his fists then asked, “Did he leave because of me, Jarvis?”
The clink of a gun being cocked grabbed both of their attentions and Howard let out a huge sigh of relief when he saw his butler standing at the other end of the kitchen with his shotgun. Jarvis had the gun pointed straight at the intruder and, in a murderous voice, stated, “You have ten seconds to leave this property before the authorities get here but only five seconds to leave before I justly shoot you where you stand.”
“…He had to watch the person he loved most in this world die in front of him…” Tony paused and reached over to tightly grasp Steve’s hand. He whispered in a rougher voice, “To be given a second chance at that love is more than a blessing…it’s a gift, I’ll forever cherish it.”
“H-He’s p-p-pl-laying catch up,” Wade assured him but his haggard voice drew Peter’s worried eyes back to him.
He was sitting across from her and he paused in eating his oatmeal to look at her. He wordless studied her and then, without understanding, he dryly repeated, “Natasha.”
“SHIELD was able to figure out where he was staying, we should check it out,” Natasha said, looking at Bucky. Bucky nodded and they left together without another word.
Steve sat down next to Tony and sarcastically sighed, "Sadly, he's afflicted with the inability to stop being a jerk."
Tony was finishing up the arm around the same time Pepper returned. She came down into the workshop wearing an expression of bafflement and carrying a large box. As soon as they were within earshot, she gasped, “Have you two been down here all day?”
Tony turned on the intercom again and, with his heart in his throat, Tony asked, “Peter? Can you hear me?”
They kept it a secret, knowing the Red Room would see them as compromised but, eventually, they were discovered…
“I don’t need to listen when the truth of the matter is sitting on my couch half naked and learning more about the future every second they are here!!” Peter waved in their direction and then gasped, “You brought my parents back from the past before I even existed!! Do you have any idea the ramifications that could cause for me? Not to mention the Avengers
Tony looked to Steve and Steve knew it was time. He motioned to an armchair and asked, “Can I sit down?”
Tony stepped into his suit with a grim expression and his sorrow burned away in his fury. Whoever disturbed Steve’s grave was not going to live to see another day.
DUM-E was still sitting next to the car and dutifully pointed the fire extinguisher at the man and released the burst of fire squelching chemicals. Tony almost laughed aloud at the situation. Before the intruder could move, he coughed madly as he inhaled it and blindly staggered to his feet as he pitifully called out, “
So this is kinda the end and the remaining chapters will be epilogues to follow them in their journey getting married, adopting Peter, and, yes, even facing Thanos, all the way to that moment when they are at that point in the future when they are in space and are notified that their past selves have arrived...
Bucky clapped his shoulder one last time and they traded sad but meaningful glances. Bucky left his side and strolled over to Tony, calling out, “Hey! Gay boy! Where’s your belt?”
Tony chuckled and then cupped his face and drew him into another kiss, this one more drawn out and tender. Steve sighed again but this time it was with content and he lazily returned the kiss. Their tongues lapped at each others and their lips tingled under the light mutual caress.
“Tony!?” Steve gasped, grasping his arm. He caught Tony as he stumbled back from the suit, clutching at his tightening chest.
They had already discussed the next test for them to be holding the experiment close to their body to see if it would react any different with being so much closer to the person it was meant to be protecting. How would it react differently? Would it react faster? Would it push the danger farther away?
Bruce reached out and lightly placed his hand over Tony’s. He whispered, “Nothing survivable, but we’re still looking.”
Steve didn’t take his eyes off him as he approached but started to he pull off his clothing, slowly, as if he was afraid to startle Tony. Little did Steve know, it would not be him doing the pouncing, but Tony.
Tony sat across from them and Peter glanced nervously at his dad, wondering what was going on in his mind.
The Soldier’s steely eyes stared into his and he pulled the trigger once. Tony jerked as the bullet pierced through his armor. His arc reactor shattered, sputtered, and then he everything grow cold as it went out.
Tony sat up swiftly and didn’t seem to notice Bruce’s exclamation of surprise. His eyes spanned the entire room, looking for the one person who was not there.
Jarvis knew where he wanted to go so when the doors opened Peter did not have to say anything, the elevator moved on its own. He went down and he guessed he was being taken to the workshop.
Steve inhaled sharply but he reasoned it was not Tony. It had to be Pepper using Tony’s old phone. Maybe they had finally found the body or she was calling to reminisce. He instinctly grasped Bucky’s hand as he opened his voicemail and saw a message from Tony’s phone nestled among the other callers looking for him. Steve selected it and braced himself to hear Pepper’s grief stricken voice.
Thor had flown in and landed on the balcony outside the community room. Just as Jarvis informed them of his arrival, Thor came in, took one look at Peter, and went straight to Steve, picking him right off the couch.
He could feel his mind slipping. He needed nutrition. He needed rest. He needed to heal. But, most importantly, he needed to escape.
Jim has passed away in action not long after Steve’s plane had crashed and Dernier had more recently passed from old age. They all shared a toast to their fallen comrades and the former Commandos sat down and told their once dead fellows what had occurred in their lives since they had “died.”
Steve’s arm was lying on his dad’s shoulders and both of them were smiling ecstatically. His dad waved at the camera and said, “Hey, Pete! I just wanted you to be the first to know! He said yes! Now say hello to your new step-father!”
Steve was maybe a few hundred yards from Tony when he looked up to him. His eyes were glistening with newly shed tears and Steve wanted to comfort him so badly that he felt his heart pull in his chest in the direction of the boy.
Bruce unsteadily stepped to the side and Tony sat up straighter to give Bruce enough room. Bruce’s feet tapped loudly on the linoleum floor as the entire courtroom watched him slip away. As Bruce walked up the main walkway, he stopped shaking but his head fell down from his melancholy. Steve looked to Tony and they locked eyes. He saw Tony was at war with himself from wanting to stay there with Steve and going to help his conflicted friend. Steve nodded him on and Tony shot to his feet with a grateful expression.
They ran over to the hole and looked down, expecting to see her splattered on the ground stories below. Miraculously, she had landed on a shipping container being moved by one of the cranes. She hung dangerously off the side, pinned by the metal.
“He’s alive…” Steve gasped, still shocked by the fact and Bucky stiffened as he finally realized what was happening.
“Yes, all this is for you!” Steve said. Peter scrabbled to get out of his hold so Steve put him down. Peter’s ran into the room as fast as is stubby legs could move him, squealing with delight as he parted a mountain of balloons on the floor.
Jarvis did not impede him in any way nor said anything about his phone call. The AI must have heard it but kept his opinions to himself.
Usually, when Tony was in his arms, Tony was his everything. He’d concentrate on the weight of his limbs, the closeness of their bodies, and the feel of his smile in their kisses. His every moment in Tony’s arms was spent loving one another and nothing else mattered.
Tony’s eyes flickered to Steve and they both smiled as their gazes made contact. Beneath the table, they had been discretely playing footsies and Tony couldn’t be happier.
Howard’s gaze was locked onto Tony’s face. These were probably the last moments he was going to be seeing him until he was born and it was a sorry sight. Was this Tony’s fate? Was this his end?
Wade looked surprised by his laugh and turned his barstool to fully look at Peter. He regarded Peter curiously. He probably was not used to strangers warming up to him so easily.
Natasha let go of him and shoved a hard object into his chest. She kept her hand over it and her fist in his chest so he could not see it. Steve assumed it was her gun and tensed. Natasha never pointed a gun at him, nonetheless held it point blank against his heart. She growled, “This morning Peter got it into his head that you were with Tony. He wanted to know if you were ever going to come back.”
It made Tony want to touch him all the more and not just for show. He wanted to claim the man before him and let everybody know that Steve Rogers had let Tony touch him where no other in this century had ever touched.
Pepper stepped away to rejoin the lawyers. With her gone, Steve came back to his side and lightly grasped his forearm.
The machine hummed to life with his hands buried deep in its mechanics under the chair. It glowed with a blue light, similar to the one his arc reactor gave off but…darker.
As Steve fell unconscious, the last thing he felt was Bucky lifting him onto his shoulder and beginning to carry him away.
Steve motioned to all the bags and said, “Is this really all for us? Do you need help with anything?”
Jarvis walked up to his side and stated, “That was extremely dangerous, Sir. I know you like to take your own life in your hands but now the fate of the entire future is at stake. You cannot seek idle flirtations here.”
Yeah, he wasn't going to listen in. He leaned away from Steve and looked at anything else except for his boyfriend and the phone he held.
He was in a frigidly cold room and had been stripped naked so had no protection from the icy air or floor. He curled into a ball and willed warmth into his limbs as he trembled violently.
Peter’s head snapped over to Steve, who stood behind Tony, and he gasped, “Please, don’t tell me he’s serious.”
Upon mentioning of Tony’s name, Steve immediately fought back a flush and the memory of “Captain Handsome.” Steve ran his hand over Peter’s soft hair and glanced up at Natasha. He tried to be elusive as Natasha whenever around her but he knew he let something slip by the look in her eye.
“And I am the happiest man in the universe,” Tony countered. Steve grinned and opened his eyes to stare at their clasped left hands, hovering high enough for him to look at.
He technically was not in Los Angeles but on the outskirts in Malibu, right on the coast. The booklet itself was a little too expensive for him if he wanted to get the shoes too. He solved the problem by saving it all to memory and then returned it to the stand. He went to the counter to pay for the shoes but paused by the clothing and grabbed a cheap shirt to replace the plaid one he was wearing. It was much warmer outside in LA than in had been in Colorado and Hydra was looking for a man fitting his description in this shirt.
Wade was approaching them and he seemed fine despite having his arm ripped off 10 minutes prior. Wade had made him go to Tony and had assured him that losing his arm was “just a scratch” and it’d grow back. Steve took him at his word at the time but was that really possible??
Tony was instantly enraged. Who would dare touch Peter?? And what did they do to him!? Peter looked like he saw a ghost! He demanded, “Who is he!? Who put a hand on you??”
“Oh, yes I do,” Steve murmured, gladdened by the flirtatious tone of Tony’s voice. He hated that Tony still felt even the remotest pain. After everything Tony had been through, Steve wanted to give him everything and make him the happiest person alive. He deserved no less.
“My suit is hiding in your shed and I also need a computer,” Tony grumbled, sounding miserable. Steve accounted it being hungry. Jarvis informed him Tony hadn’t eaten since yesterday morning, before he had…he’d spoken with Steve at his apartment. Merely thinking about it made his heart squeeze painfully.
Tony was an extremely smart boy and had already skipped ahead by two grades in school by age eleven. Tony loved discussing the new things he learned and, in the dreamscape, he would recreate the workshop his father had given to him. It was small but filled with dismembered computers, large crate of hand-me-down tools, and was just so uniquely Tony.
Harold followed him and Peter stupidly pushed a door that was supposed to be pulled. He stumbled into the glass but corrected his footing, feeling like a duckling out of water with his awkward footing. Harold grabbed him by his shoulder and pulled him back to help straighten him.
Steve woke with a hiss and snapped his head in the direction of his son’s voice. Peter sat next to Steve, sleepily rubbing at his eyes.
Tony ran away to the bathroom as soon as he was able and stuck his head under the faucet. All he wanted to do was touch himself to release the pressure in his cock but every time he closed his eyes all he saw was the horror in Steve’s eyes and it made him nauseous.
Peter’s Spidey Sense was still tingling, making Peter’s hair stand on edge, and he murmured, “Guys…I don’t think –.”
Tony’s image was still half faded and, at first glance, everything looked fine. Steve sagged with relief. Maybe Tony wouldn’t note the peculiar incident in the long run.
To Tony, Vision stated, “I cannot take you as well but the quinjet will arrive in an estimated 30 seconds.”
They’d always end up snuggled together at the end of the night and Steve would fall asleep first and then would wait for his soulmate appear in their dreams.
Tony was in the kitchen leaning against the counter, trying but failing at being inconspicuous as he watched the Winter Soldier. He was sipping some coffee and when Steve walked in he lifted his mug and said, “Morning, beautiful.”
Tony moved them so they were leaning into each other, hip to hip. He draped an arm across Steve's back and rested a hand on his shoulder. Steve did the same and found his face only inches from Tony’s. They exhaled at the same time and their warm breaths intermingled between them.
“Just a little tender,” Peter promised both of them. He sat himself up, propping himself against his backboard and continued, “It just feels like a really, really bad sunburn all over my body.”
“Hey! Death Ray!” Tony yelled to get the man’s attention. The man’s head snapped over in Tony’s direction but he couldn’t tell if he understood his sarcastic call due to the oxygen mask covering his face. The man clearly noted Tony being on the enemy force as he fired at Tony almost instantly. Tony jumped behind an upturned Jeep and then lifted his ray gun and fired back.
Remorse coursed through his system as he considered using the blanket to contact Bucky but a need overwhelmed that remorse. It was the same need he felt when he ran after Bucky, despite Tony’s protests and his own rationale. It was the same need that propelled him to the elevator.
Peter had inherited his mother’s thick, brown hair, her thin form, and her wide smile. From Steve he inherited Steve’s sky blue eyes, his square chin, and all the characteristics that made him a super soldier: his strength, speed, and fast healing. From Hydra, the cause of Peter’s birth, he had inherited gamma-radiated Spider DNA and with it the ability to stick to walls and a precognitive sense that warned him of danger.
Fury silently left them alone and, with his eyes still closed but his hand tightly grasping Pepper’s, he began to whisper his tale.
As Tony planned, he determined Jarvis would probably become worse in his grumblings but, he wouldn't try to stop them. Tony was his master and he would obey him. Tony could handle his AI's commentary. He’d loved and lost many times over a lifetime. Another name added to his ledger would make no difference, even one as great as Steve Rogers.
Tony’s head snapped up and he gasped, “I am considered one of the smartest people on Earth, no, strike that! –In the universe! I am one of the smartest people in the universe and am in no way an idiot!”
“Now, you woke sooner than I thought you would but now you are going to have to move yourself instead of us moving you. Or we will kill your friend.”
As Happy closed the door behind him, Steve gently picked up one of the patriotic straps and smiled sadly at it. How could he have ever hurt him? Tony not only cared for Steve but Peter as well. He was near perfect…
Steve crawled back up his body with a happy grin fixated on his face. He fell into the sand at Tony’s side and Tony grinned goofily at him.
Tony pushed himself off the bed and murmured, “I’m going to take a shower and then you are going to get the sponge bath the doctor ordered.”
“Remember, hold your head high, Steve. You are innocent,” Pepper stated as the car slowed to a stop.
Steve should have known that was going to be Tony’s response. He was bold and forthcoming as ever and it made Steve smile at the coals.
It felt like every bone and muscle in Tony’s body was bruised. But he never felt so good before as the warm food filled his stomach.
How did Norman know? It was one of SHIELD’s best kept secrets! No one but a select few knew who Peter’s real mother was and even less knew how Peter’s birth came about. Steve only found out four years ago when Peter was two and…
They all looked to Tony and he refused to meet any of their eyes. He didn’t know what to think anymore. He was a mess of anger, resentment, depression, and…and well whatever it was he was feeling to hear that Steve loved him. It was mostly confusion, but…but he was also a happy-sad too which he didn’t even know was an emotion until that moment and…it hurt more than everything else…
Apparently, in this alternative future, Bucky was a super soldier because of the experimentations preformed by Zemo while he was held captive. Bucky…
A surge of bravery ran through Steve and he kissed him, his lips lingering long enough to steal some of Tony’s warmth. It was the first time Steve ever kissed a man. Tony’s lips were as soft and warm as a woman’s but his goatee scratched him every time either of them moved. He drew back and Tony leaned forward with an objecting noise to try and stop Steve from breaking the kiss. Steve laughed and pushed him away. He asked, “Till next time?”
“…Sir,” Jarvis said and then paused, an unusual occurrence for the AI. He continued, “A video file was sent to your personal email. It’s of Captain Rogers. I did not think you should view it alone.”
The only time they spent time together was at dinner when he, Tony, and the rest of the team all ate with one another. It was a loud affair as the team bantered loudly back and forth. As always, Thor was the loudest of them all and usually Tony rivaled him in the noise department but today he was much quieter. Not absolutely silent, but it did not seem like he was trying to keep up with Thor. They reminisced old battles and focused on the funnier ones. They avoided talking about recent events, which Steve was absolutely grateful for.
Steve shook his head and didn’t meet Tony’s eyes as he said, “I’m a man who’s just wandering right now…I lost – I lost my fiancé recently and…” He tried sticking as close to the truth for it to be believable but, as he said the words aloud, he was transported back into that moment: Tony on the ground, the hole in his chest, him gasping out final words of love, before –.
Peter rolled the word “agreeable” around in his mind for a few minutes. He picked up his head and lay it on his arms as he peered up at his uncle. Uncle Bucky was already staring at him, his eyes were studying Peter just as Peter’s were studying him. Finally, Peter asked, “Do you think she will like me?”
Marston sat down on his chair with a heavy sigh and turned to them saying, “Wow. I think they’re excited to see you two.”
Steve thought back to all the weeks he spent worrying over and mourning Tony. And of the months Tony spent mourning Steve…
Steve couldn’t stop touching him after that and the feeling was mutual for Tony. He wanted to go straight to bed but Steve murmured something about feeling bad about ignoring their team. Using Jarvis, they called everyone together for lunch.
Tony smirked and excitedly gasped, “I corrupted you. Dear God in heaven, I have turned your favorite son into a deviant!”
“We found him in the plane, he’d been frozen in the ice, and, when we started to defrost him, his vitals returned with the warmth. We tried to wake him in a controlled environment but broke out, calling my men ‘Hydra’ and has disappeared into Brooklyn’s underbelly. Do you understand now why I didn’t want Barnes in the room?”
“That’s right, jerk,” Tony happily replied and bittersweet memories of Bucky and Steve’s playful bickering came to mind. He got to his feet and said, “If we’re not going to walk down memory lane then let’s look over your arm and get it off of you before you start to prune. Pepper will bring us some grubs and then we can all discuss your living arrangements for the foreseeable future, alright?”
As the boy grew, he showed remarkable progress and powers. Hydra excitedly whispered about finally being able to destroy Captain America. Norman would have no part in it their inane plans of revenge. It did nothing to further his research.
"Sorry for letting you slip on the secret identity deal?" He didn't mean for it to happen but he bet Peter also blamed him for what happened!!
Steve lifted his hips as Tony pulled off his clothing and kept his eyes locked with Tony’s to gather courage from him. He could not help but groan as his erection slid free. Tony’s eyes dropped to his crotch then returned to Steve’s gaze glazed with an added lust, he clearly like what he saw and Steve felt empowered by it. Tony slid Steve’s slacks and briefs down to knees and paused to kiss his inner thigh. His kisses continued downward until he reached the clothing around Steve’s knees. Once there, he slowly slid down the apparel, kissing him as he went. Steve trembled and felt mortified because he knew Tony could feel it. He flexed his fingers, not knowing what to do with them. He wanted to cover his crotch to hide his nakedness, he wanted to give into his secret wanton nature and touch himself as he watched Tony gradually strip him, and he wanted to touch Tony and make Tony feel just as turned on as Steve was. There was so much he wanted to do but he did not know how to act.
He tossed the toast on a plate and handed it to his grinning mate. Tony took the plate and stood up on the tips of his toes to steal a quick kiss.
Jarvis took Peter’s grounding to heart and when Peter tried to turn on the TV it would not power on. Next he tried his tablet but it would not unlock. Then he tried his phone but met the same results.
He brightened his repulsors and then brought out his arm, shoulder, and even the thigh guns and launchers. It was a menacing sight that made the majority drop their weapons. Those few who initially did not drop their weapons did so when they saw the fight now was hopeless without the advantage of numbers…
“I got him a bus ticket to Los Angeles myself. The bus left twelve hours ago. If you leave now, you might just be able to meet him there.”
dad. He is your family. I wish we pressed that upon you more,” his father sighed the last bit and shook his head dejectedly. “We’ll talk about this later…”
Wade pulled his mask a little lower so his nose was no longer showing and murmured, “Diving right into the serious stuff…”
Fighting the Chitauri had been easy, compared to trying to help people in the aftermath… it was the hardest thing Steve had ever done.
Bucky regarded him curiously and stated, “From what I remember, you are the exact opposite of selfish…”
Steve shot Tony an apologetic look and turned back to his son before he could reply to Tony. One of Peter’s hands was resting on the couch and he was turned toward Steve. He asked, “Is dis awive?”
The man pinned Steve down then surprised him as the armor opened and he fell out on top of Steve. The armor continued to pin Steve down and Steve gasped lightly from the stranger’s body impacting him. The man’s body was strangely hot, the heat burned through his uniform and sunk into Steve’s skin.
It would be hours until he saw Wade again. He could spend that time as your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, but Peter didn’t feel like he could expend enough energy to take down criminals.
He heard the blast of air that resonated from the hammer a millisecond before it knocked him off his feet and threw him into the wall behind him. All the glass in the room shattered. The machines and furniture were all thrown away from the hammer and into the walls like Tony. The only reason Steve’s bed did not move was because Thor had gotten a hold of the railing at the foot of the bed with his free hand and held him there. Alarms went off, the unsuspecting people in the affected area screamed, and the lights in the room flickered before everything went dark.
“Already got it covered,” Natasha announced, cutting up some fruit and Wanda watched her hands with a grin.
Steve leaned into his side and greedily absorbed his warmth. He was still only in his boxers and he did not realize how cold he had gotten until Tony touched him.
“You should have seen my dad’s reaction,” Peter sarcastically retorted and Logan snorted. Peter asked, “Not that I don’t mind seeing you…but what are you doing here, Logan?”
“I’ve got morning wood,” Wade teased, rocking his hips so his erection would rub the general area of Peter’s genitals. It was an immediate wake-me-up for Peter’s entire system. The only barrier between him and Wade were his thin boxers and whatever underwear Wade was wearing.
The choice was obvious, but it was far from easy. Bucky hated to see both men struggle with the resulting emotion pain and recent events made it so much more worse…
“Mr. Stark, Mr. Rogers, the detectives need to collect Mr. Rogers’ DNA to compare it to the sample Ms. Tyler gave.”
“I don’t see you stripping, babe,” Tony teased. Steve’s gaze was drawn back to Tony and in his eyes he did not see disgust but desire, sprinkled with a dash of mirth. Tony did not see the deformity, he saw Steve and only Steve. He was teasing him like he always did and it made the unease in his stomach blossom with steady warmth.
By the end of the month, Peter was going to be three-years-old. Steve could barely phantom it. It was going to be Peter’s first birthday with Steve. Steve had wanted it to be a memorable affair but Steve had completely forgotten about it because of the drama with Bucky and Tony.
Coulson sat opposite Captain Rogers, on the hard, metal chair, and said, “Yes, that was me. I’ve been looking for you for a long time.”
The battle was quick but brutal and they just barely kept the helicarrier flying. They got Barton back but Loki had escaped and Bruce had Hulked out and was gone.
Tony began to rhythmically hump Steve. The friction of his cock sent indescribable waves of pleasure throughout Steve’s body.
"We're coming," he promised and hung up the phone. He looked up to find the entire team staring at him and waiting. Steve's eyes spanned over all of them and landed on Clint. He smiled at his friend and asked, "How much room you have in the quinjet? Bucky and Natasha need a ride out of France.”
Steve hugged himself for warmth and clutched his gut. He felt sick, like the salt water was sloshing in his stomach. He wanted to vomit it up and gasp for a breath free of sea water. The ice was freezing his limbs, stiffening his muscles…
Bucky grinned cheekily at the shorter woman and then nodded down the hall to where the elevator to the beach was and said, “I figured I could show you the finer art of beach walking.”
“You promised me before that you would not leave me for him but I have a feeling you can’t promise me that again,” Tony said with an uneasy smile.
Tony instantly froze and, for a moment, Steve thought he was dead. The gun almost slipped out of his fingers and a scream caught in his throat.
“Think of it as a party decoration!” Tony said with a grin. The entire floor was decked out in bright steamers and balloons. There was a huge cake with the Avenger’s likeness on it and around the giant bunny were a number of presents.
Peter scrambled after him but, by the time he got out from under the table, Wade was gone, leaving Peter with a tingling patch of skin on his face and a racing heart.
Tony dryly said, “Yeah, I made that little surprise if he or something like him ever happened to show up again…” Tony ran his hand through Peter’s hair and whispered, “I’m glad I did…”
He was grateful for the shirt and the flip-flops because they were tools in getting him closer to Tony. He picked up his tread as he ran. Tony was closer than he had ever been and Steve had no idea his condition and every moment wasted was another moment wasted without Tony.
Steve sighed heavily but did not counter what Tony said. What could he say? He was right Bucky was unstable and he himself said he was not in control of himself. What if the Soldier came out again?
Steve didn’t care about whoever SHIELD was. He looked past Natasha and into the seemingly empty house and asked, “Where is Tony?”
Natasha’s free hand let go of Bucky’s strangling arm and she threw back her fist, punching Clint square in the face. Clint yelped and fell off her, clutching his nose.
Tony watched his father go and waved to him as he left. Howard did not get a happy ending...Tony hoped he was not cursed with the same fate...
“Great…” Bucky groaned. “I’ll see both of you at breakfast. Don’t take too long getting dressed or being any more ‘gay’ than you already are…”
The Hydra soldiers fired immediately and Steve ducked his head down, bringing his face over Tony’s with centimeters to spare. Their breaths intermingled in hot gusts and all Steve could think about was the sensation on his lips from where Tony’s lips had touched his just seconds ago. He could feel blood rushing to his cheeks but could not look away from Tony’s piercing gaze.
He slammed into the Red Skull and pushed him into deep the wall. It cracked around him from the forceful impact but Schmidt seemed unaffected. He grinned up at Tony and murmured, “Ah, the Captain’s soulmate. Did you come to save him? Do you want to know how often he called out to you while I hurt him?”
One of the suits flew up to him and Steve told it, “You would not believe how happy I am to see you.”
He felt Wade’s heart racing beneath his touch but Peter’s heart was beating faster. He felt a stirring within him, something he hadn’t felt in years… Peter pushed himself up and hovered over Wade.
Thor praised the bacon beast and wanted to get a hunting party together to find it. Tony was trying to explain they could not hunt for the domestic pig but got a glint in his eyes as he began to talk about the wild pigs in the southern part of the country. Steve ignored their conversation and hoped nothing ridiculous will come of it.
Tony bit down on his lip, not liking where this was going. He reached forward and grasped Steve’s hand as he countered, “That is why I suggest entering this knowing it will expire. We can have our fun and then look back on it fondly, but, in the long run, it won’t change us. We will still do what history expects of us. You’ll remain in the 20
For once, Tony had no witty reply. He just smiled at his soulmate, grateful he was there and the same man, despite the Red Skull’s attempts.
It all would be so much easier to understand if the Captain could explain it but the man was barely breathing. He wouldn’t be able to help the Soldier.
The mass rose and Venom’s face appeared with a hiss. It leaned toward Wade and Peter with a growl and Wade hit a wall and couldn’t possibly pull Peter any closer to himself.
Tony shook his head and replied, “And give the board members the chance to send me another thousand e-mails? I don’t think so…”
As I was writing this chapter and because I am so devious, I realized that I can make things so much worse... so I did. >:D
Had it always been like that? Had the notebook always been filled with formulas to save Tony? Had his Aunt Peggy always torn out the last pages to give to Tony until he returned? Was his traveling into the past always fated?
Tony slid his hand behind Steve’s neck and shrugged as he murmured, “We’d have come out eventually. Might as well get an early start on it.” Steve smiled and Tony’s eyes sparkled. Tony asked, “Want to make the front page with me, babe?”
The robot nodded its head and then, to Steve's absolute shock, its face rose, revealing a flesh and blood man.
When they came again, their bodies were slick with sweat and other substances but they curled into each other with happy sighs.
“No, he won’t,” Steve interceded, turning to him and placing his other hand over their joined hands.
As soon as the car screeched to a halt, Tony gasped, “I think I pissed myself.” He was holding onto the car with a white knuckle grip. His laptop was forgotten with a bullet hole smoke inhalation the screen.
Steve meandered through the crowd and looked for anyone anxiously touching their soul implant like he was.
Tony smirked down at his lover and his reaction to the warming lube. Tony usually did not use them but he wanted to surprise the super soldier and surprise he did. They switched places so Steve was the one laying on the mattress and Tony was the one above him. Tony wanted to take the lead in introducing Steve to lubricant for the first time and his fiancé had excitedly jumped at the chance.
Thanks to all who have been reading, subscribed, bookmarked, commented, and left kudos! Your support is dearly appreciated! :)
Pointing at the knives, Peter teased, “Are you angry about the laundry or are you just happy to see me?”
“Father-dearest, won’t you please tuck me in tonight,” Peter retorted with an obnoxiously, annoying, squeaky voice.
“…I was never given a second chance at a new life and if he’s willing to take it…I want him to have it.”
Mary placed the crumpled photo on the desk beside the monitor. It unfurled and revealed the smiling faces of her targets. She focused on the boy’s face, so much like her own, and almost felt guilty.
She studied his calm nature and the routines he practiced daily like it was an alien custom. She picked it apart, trying to understand him, his motives, his feelings, anything, but the man was like a blank slate. Sometimes he caught her staring. His dark blue eyes would suddenly peer at her through the partings in his loose hair and he’d stare at her until she looked away. His stare was so steady and intense that it would make her feel unsteady.
Steve suddenly could not rub his fingers against Peter’s hand anymore. They were stuck. It was not sticky, he just could not move them. It was as if he and Peter were connected by two extremely strong magnets.
Tony dreamed up different scenarios involving Steve as he worked on the menial tasks Panzer had left for him. Most were innocent as he imagined different ways to flirt and win over Steve…though, a few were not so innocent. It was fun and distracted him from the pain of being torn away from his home and family…
Wade happened to clear his throat at this point, reminding them of his presence at Peter’s side. Flushing slightly, Peter cleared his own throat and murmured, “MJ, may I introduce you to Wade…my boyfriend and Wade, this is MJ, my best friend…”
He made a noise that was a combination of a startled gasp and a stifled scream. Unsurprisingly, the clip slipped out of his grasp and he crashed down to the level below.
Fuck, he was horny. He hadn’t slept with anyone since Steve and it’d been so long since they made love. Just touching his naked chest made him so hard.
Tony lifted his face shield and greeted his late cousin’s wife with a smile. He said, “Hey May, how’s it going?”
As if the fates were listening, the van jerked violently forward as they were hit from behind. Everyone was pitched forward and Steve instinctively reached out to Tony. He wrapped an arm around his chest, acting as a human seatbelt.
Yet when Venom made his move to eat the mugger, his body exploded, and Steve saw Peter for half a second. Bruce paused the video and Steve could almost make out his son in the pixelated video.
Steve felt the symbiote hit his back as it rebound back to him. This time he felt it crawl over his back as it tugged at his skin. Steve staggered from the sudden weight and Tony caught him.
Peter was currently leaning into Steve’s leg with his tiny arm wrapped around it, watching his parents kiss with an indifferent stare. It wasn’t the first time he’d seen them do it and it certainly wouldn’t be the last.
Steve’s hand froze over Peter’s folded shirt then he carefully picked it up and turned to Peter. He walked up to him and said, “Arms up.” Peter obeyed and lifted his arms. Steve pulled off his shirt then slid the pajama top on. Steve fluffed down the ruffles then paused with his hands still on Peter’s sides. He explained, “Uncle Bucky is not feeling too well and he feels better when he’s near me.”
Much later that night, Tony lay in bed with his tablet open on his lap. Steve was just finishing brushing his teeth and happened to glance into the bedroom and saw a look of extreme concentration on Tony’s face. Steve finished up in the bathroom and as he stepped back into the bedroom, Tony’s face instantly cleared. He quickly turned off his tablet and placed it on his bedside table.
Steve groaned and dropped his head into his hands. He moaned, “What else can we do?...I just want to go home…”
“Thinking,” Tony agreed. He paused and picked up Steve’s left hand. He carded his fingers through Steve’s fingers and whispered, “I love you, Steve. I was thinking about how I have never loved someone as much as I love you. I was thinking about us, Peter, the Tower, our safety, our lives...
“It’s a burner phone. SHIELD doesn’t know about it so Hydra doesn’t know about it. Only two know the number. Clint is one and the other just called me.” Natasha held out the phone to Steve and said, “He’s on the line right now and you need to talk to him.”
He tried not to let his hope show. He did not want Peter to become infected by it and add to his own. If it ended up not being her he would be crushed.
Tony grinned and stepped back into his suit. It folded around him and he opened his arms to him as soon as he was totally encased. In his metallic voice, he said, “Come here.”
Steve surprised him as he suddenly picked him up and pressed their hips together again. Tony groaned and wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist. Their underwear was their only barrier but it did nothing to stop the heat coming off Steve or feel the hard press of his erection.
The symbiote glanced at Wade and then turned back to Brock. It didn’t take long to make its decision. The SHIELD agents yelled in startled exclamation as the symbiote jumped onto their detainee. Venom took form wrapped around Brock and then easily knocked aside the agents and hissed at the gathered superheroes.
No one paid him much attention. Tony dressed differently so as to not attract attention. He wanted this date to be a normal date like Steve wanted…and people asking for his autograph or a picture was not usually a part of a good date.
Peter cried harder and Tony rocked him, humming a nonsensical tune to try to comfort him because he knew with the depth of his grief he could not speak anymore.
Tony sighed heavily and ran his finger over one of the scars around the reactor. He might as well check up on it…it’d been years since he had gotten the last scan. The reactor failed him a few times since then, when he’d gone through his palladium poisoning…the metal shards probably moved since then.
Howard sat before him with a sigh and smiled at him. Tony hesitated to think it but…he looked almost proud?...Of Tony?
“All I ask is that you let me shadow you guys and have the opportunity to snatch up the Tesseract and use it to get back home.”
She threw him the remains of the bullet and he caught it. With an empty heart, he opened his palm and peered at it. He began to shake and Peter nervously rubbed his dog tags together upon feeling his father’s trembling.
“So we time traveled again,” Tony jumped right in, leaning into Steve’s side like he had done several weeks before. Tony continued, “Haven’t gotten married yet though. Well, we went to the future so we did get married then, our future selves, not us. Don’t worry, you’re invited to the wedding, Eyepatch, we couldn’t do it without you!”
“I go here all the time, Cap,” Tony replied. “It’s the only place a guy with a reactor in his chest can get any proper washing in.”
The sudden revelation sent a cold sensation to run up his toes all the way up to the base of his neck. Steve doubled over the bed, catching himself on the mattress, as the guilt suddenly crippled him.
“She really is alive??” Steve hissed, stepping closer to Norman. Millions of questions streamed through his mind but mainly he wanted to know, why did no one know?
Bucky dropped his gaze as he thought back and then he whispered, “That’s right…you stayed behind with…Steve…”
Kilian paused in front of Tony and Pepper. He raised his arms to either side as he victoriously stated, “No more false faces. You said you wanted the Mandarin, well you’re looking right at him. It was always me, Tony. Right from the start. I am the Mandarin!”
“I want to try it the other way next,” Peter countered, his eyebrows dancing with mirth. Wade’s vision spiraled for a second as his endorphins surged even more with Peter’s suggestion.
Steve started talking, letting the words flow from his mouth with no abandon. He gasped, “I truthfully do not know how I feel about Bucky. I fell for him when we were teenagers and I repressed my feelings for years. I may still be repressing them.” Tony tensed in his hold and Steve spun him around and grasped his face, he hissed, “But I do know how I feel about you, Anthony Edward Stark. You make me feel like I can be true to myself. You make me feel like I can fly! When I think of us, I think of a future. And w-when I think of you I get all hot and bothered…” His last comment drew a smile from Tony like he had hoped. He blushed from the audacity of his confession and whispered, “I’m sorry I was an idiot. Please, forgive me.”
Tony gasped when their lips met as if he were not expecting it. Yet, not a moment later, he hummed encouragingly and dug his fingers into Steve’s scalp to draw him in closer.
Rogers' jaw clenched immediately and Peter’s Sipdey-Sense went haywire for half a second. He was about to push himself away from the table when it suddenly stopped. Rogers inhaled deeply and then exhaled very slowly and his jaw relaxed.
”In this future...” He paused, considering his next words. He couldn’t reveal too much or he might clue them into their deaths. He slowly continued, “In this future, Steve is thought dead but was really captured by Hydra and...” He gulped dryly as he imagined it and he met Steve’s eyes as he whispered to him, “They torture you...for years...they break you and make you their agent.”
