Sherlock frowned but nodded, and John took his hand. They walked, just a bit faster now, skirting the edge of the pond, until they reached the far side. There, hidden from view by the the vegetation, a thick blanket the color of hay lay stretched on the ground. Roses, still on the stem, were strewn all over. A low, flat stone nearby held a candle to Naamah, already flickering lazily in the open air. The first of the wax rolled down its deep pink pillar, a shade shy of the colour of Elua’s anemones. Sherlock drew in a breath. His blood beat faster in his veins.
Sherlock came out of his shower, spotted the old photographs immediately. Still wrapped in a towel, hair still wild and damp, he flopped down on his bed, biting his lip.
John trailed along in silence through the winding stone corridors, registering none of his surroundings until at last she led him into what he could only guess were her private quarters.
“Like hell we are. Did you not just hear what I was saying?” John let out a testy snort, a bull ready to lower his head and plow forward.
Sherlock told himself. This was biology 101, and Sherlock wrapped himself in it like a blanket, safe and familiar.
The lights all blacked out--the power was cut. It killed the deafening wail of the klaxon, too, and Sherlock’s ears rang in the new silence. Night-blind, Sherlock reached out, grabbed John’s hand. Despite the cold, despite the darkness and the dire situation, John gave him strength.
“I don’t even want the files anymore, I just want you to fuck me!” Sherlock clamped his mouth shut, eyes wide in surprise. Had that really come out of his mouth?
But Sherlock turns, looks at him, squeezing his hand slightly--as if he is all too aware how fragile this exact moment is. “Hear me out--that would be enough.”
But tonight the faint strains of Sherlock’s violin seeped through the walls, a formless tune he couldn’t place. His hand shook as it held the water glass to his lips. He squeezed it tighter, willed his heart to slow, for the panic to subside.
"They should warn every tattoo artist about anguissets, I think," he said with a laugh, clapping Sherlock on the shoulder. "You squirm like a bloody squid."
Eventually Sally collected herself long enough to cast a critical eye on Sherlock. He knew what she saw: corset splattered with her fluids, garters and hose askew, panties still pulled to roll and bunch mid-thigh, his own cock hanging free and unattended. He was so aroused he was sure he’d crawl out of his feverish skin if he didn’t get off soon.
The dominating character slid back over Victor's features, his jaw set firm, his chin aloft. “You will not move. You will not make a noise unless it’s to use your signale or else tell me why Irene sent you. If you do well, I’ll give you a little reward.”
John didn’t waste any time grabbing his hand and dragging Sherlock back to his bedroom, where they proceeded to spend the remainder of the evening going over the... ah... terms and conditions of the winnings.
Sherlock clenched his teeth, regretting by the second entering into this asinine dare. This was the sort of trouble they only got into when the dearth of cases stretched into mind-numbing tedium.
WHEN HE GETS home--well, back to the cottage--his finger slips as he plugs in his phone. It unlocks. His finger slips again and again until he has the screen pressed to his ear, warming against his air-chilled skin, and a familiar ring pulsing in the pitch black.
Then the blade pricked a taut nipple and Sherlock bucked so hard he swayed on the chain above, utterly helpless. The flechette whispered against Sherlock’s skin, obscenely sharp, parting it so cleanly Sherlock nearly didn’t feel it.
Sherlock fought the urge to roll his eyes. This had been volleyed as levity, but had fallen inelegantly in the centre of the crowd, a juvenile attempt at morale-stoking.
Cecily and Frédérique, who looked up from their food, halted their chewing long enough to consider, but they both shook their heads.
The cost. Hundreds of lives? Two countries? Did his own safety, body and soul, outweigh that? Was it a guilt he could carry?
He wanted to stay awake, at least long enough to make it to eleven and gloat mercilessly, but he wasn’t sure he’d be able. No matter; he’d set an alarm for the exact end of this farce shortly after they’d solidified the bet.
Before he could finish making his excuses, however, London’s finest finally arrived on the scene. The wail of sirens overtook the noise of the street.
"--and it was that that led us here. We wanted something classic, clean, and a little more masculine for you, but something that still paid homage to your calling and its heritage. What do you think, Mr. Holmes?"
Now that was unexpected--Irene hadn’t mentioned anything about a birthday present, aside from his debut. What else was up her sleeve?
It made John think of the dream he’d had, where Sherlock had worn nothing but chains and a bronze mask. He clenched his jaw and remained silent.
John hit send before he changed his mind. He stood and stretched, checked the time. He had just enough time to grab a shower before they left for the assignation. And though it still sent tremors of unease through his core, John felt calmer than ever he had in the hours leading up to any of Sherlock’s other assignations. That in itself was a blessing.
Sherlock did, ignoring the bite of a diamond, pressing sharp and merciless against his kneecap. Just before Jim lifted Sherlock’s arms, Sherlock recalled the room’s layout. Dangling from the centre of the ceiling, a large hook hung on a thick chain, which rattled as Jim tugged it toward Sherlock’s makeshift manacles.
The day of his interview dawned fair and bright, an idyllic late-spring morning whose warm breeze promised the start of something new. Sherlock refused to take it as a good sign. He was far too logical for that sort of nonsense. Even still, the hope that fluttered in his chest was undeniable.
and before Sherlock returned, heralding so many uncovered truths that did nothing but rip equilibrium from him once more, rob him yet again of a good thing he’d worked so hard to grasp.
this thing?” John asked, the dread already seeping in around his edges, electrifying his bones with the urge to move, to fight.
The first few times John called, unable to speak for the way the glass wedged itself in his throat, each subsequent repetition of his name
“I happened to notice something the other day at Mrs. Hudson’s. Rather a few things, honestly. I know you bought those jeans for me, John. And I just wanted to tell you how much I appreciated them. Appreciated watching the way your thighs flexed, tight and strong. I can’t stop thinking about them, actually. Not your jeans, but all that muscle you’re hiding on your lower half.
His chest ached. The knowledge that John had died--died defending Sherlock from his own desires, if he were honest with himself--it crushed him like the weight of the sea. If he thought about that long enough, it would drown him.
So far John had made a complete arse of himself, of that he was certain. He fell into parade rest just outside Victor Trevor’s door, unable to do more than replay his stupidity from before. The embarrassment and anger banked in Sherlock’s eyes, the mocking sympathy in Regina’s voice. It was enough to twist John’s stomach until he sought comfort in prayer once more.
Sherlock’s head swiveled quickly to face John, and he dearly regretted the action The pain flared worse still, before settling back into its previous throb.
Not that anyone else would’ve seen it, of course, but then they didn’t know Mycroft the way Sherlock did.
After the message sent, he registered his mistake. His thumb hovered over the screen as he stood, unable to decide if he should correct or not.
“What a lovely surprise,” a man in a charcoal suit and simple black domino drawled, his voice somewhat heavy from drink. “I’d recognise that half-done
Still, Sherlock drew himself up, standing as straight and as strong as he could, despite his lingering injuries.
Sherlock waved him off. “No. It’s--you’re fine. Moriarty knew you’d come, and we’re still glad to have seen you. Don’t trouble yourself over it too much.”
“Whooo!” a feminine voice cheered, and when Sherlock pulled back, Sister Molly and an elderly Cassiline woman were grinning from a second-storey window. The elderly woman winked at them, and Sherlock couldn’t possibly fathom why.
” Brother Rocaille fixed him with a hard stare as the other elders, save Brother Vincent, murmured in dissent. “Do you deny this?”
Sherlock stood, pulling John to his feet. “I propose, for now, we… get acquainted. I would very much like to relax with you. It’s late, and I know we’re both exhausted. Do you feel comfortable coming to lie down in my bed?”
John nodded, unsure of what to say to that. Of course he had. He would honour that last remaining part of his oath until his very last breath.
“Your call, darling. Though I’ll admit, I’ll miss you terribly. Best customer I’ve ever had.” Ames couldn’t hide the fondness that suffused his jibing. Then a mock-wistful tone coloured his next words: “I knew our time would come to an end eventually.”
Scene after gruesome scene becomes apparent rather quickly: countless gardens lay desecrated in flour and toilet paper; very few faux spiderwebs, fake ghosts, or balsa-wood tombstones are left intact. The gory innards of many tasteful pumpkins are splattered on stoops. Innocent jack-o-lanterns lay in pieces, their once-joyful smiles now fragmented and stretched like the death-grins of skulls. One house had been home to a cheerful scarecrow--but the poor thing had been decapitated, removed from its post, and impaled through its abdomen, its head resting atop its body like a grim spoil of war.
Without a room number or a key-card, there was only one way to use that disparity to his advantage. Only three Houses prevented their servants of Naamah to meet their patrons in the hotels--Alyssum, Mandrake, and Valerian. It would be a simple sham.
With shaking hands, Sherlock let fingertips trail along the fly of Lestrade’s trousers, straining around his erection. It seemed huge. Sherlock had never been this close to another person’s prick before.
Sherlock, grasping the round support beam loosely with those long fingers, shifts until he is partially blocked behind it. Silence, more than four seconds and barely less than an eternity, stretches out; John thinks to himself,
Sherlock had an easy way out, he knew. He’d finally win this ridiculous bet and be done with it, but he’d sacrifice this new development, the one where John laid his hands on him in ways that left Sherlock’s ears buzzing. He met John’s eye and didn’t blink.
Jim’s answering grin was something dark and dangerous. “Good.” He extended his glass forward, clinked it against Sherlock’s before tossing it back. “
The way his thighs quivered, his rhythm haltingly slow like he was forcing himself to steady his pace, John could tell Sherlock was already close to finishing. It shouldn’t have been
Just seeing her like this--open and soft--was a gift Sherlock had never expected, not even as he’d goaded her in the office at the NSY, not as he’d answered her email or made his way over to her flat. And yet here it was, offered to him as a reward of good service.
It isn’t until they have left the city entirely, when the streetlights have faded and the highway stretches long and dark, that Sherlock shifts in his seat to pull a photograph, old and dog-eared, from his trouser pocket. He is without Belstaff, as even Sherlock must admit the weather in late summer is too oppressive for such a dramatic article of clothing. He bends the photo slightly with his free hand and props it on the dash.
Connie scribbled this all down on her notepad. “Y’all from outta town? We don’t get too many British people out in these parts.”
And not just them, but the others, too: it was the purity in Azza’s pride and the conviction in Camael’s sword, Shemhazai’s joy of the unknown, the wholeness in gentle Eisheth’s touch, and the absolution in Kushiel’s lash. Perhaps even the sacrifices Naamah made for Elua.
This extracted a laugh from Sherlock, who felt it in his stiff muscles. “Greatly exaggerated, I assure you.”
AGAINST ALL ODDS, it is not a bullet that kills John Watson. It is not old age, or sickness, or his own hand. It is the death of a child that was never his.
"Here I’ve thought you were unwilling to go to female patrons. Colour me surprised. She's quite good at what she does--almost as good as me." With a wink Irene rose, plucking the missive from Belfours from the table. "I'll contact her and get the contract drawn up."
How Sherlock rose to his feet, he didn’t know, but he did, and he stumbled behind John, trailing him into the kitchen.
Irene’s wolfish grin was back. “That’s more than most can pick off Jim. You’ve done well.” She looked to Jim then, rolling her eyes fondly. “You can let him go now, love.”
Sherlock swallowed hard. Was that what his assignation was, a parting gift before Amelia went back to Paris?
“I’m going to skin you, pet. I’m going to flay every last bit of your skin from your gorgeous frame, and I’m going to treasure it for a very long, long time.”
He did not expect laughter, deep and genuine. Lestrade shook with it until tears threatened to spill from the corners of his eyes, and Sherlock did cover his face in the crook of his elbow then.
“I’d ask you to stay for breakfast, but I’m sure you’ve got more important business to attend to,” Jim drawled as his eyes flitted up over Sherlock’s shoulder.
Her hair, blonde and already greying at the temples, was pulled back into a low ponytail. Sherlock could tell by the way she clasped her hands and pursed her lips she had something rather important to say. Then her eyes fell on the bottle, and she frowned.
“Okay--” Felippa closed her eyes in thought. “I’m guessing they’ve got a few covering the hospital still, waiting for us to come out. And the rest are probably at the
Irene stared dumbly at the fabric wadded in her hands. She looked back up to him, her expression sliding from dumbfounded to shuttered. “I believe you may have just set a new record for the value of a patron-gift, in London or elsewhere.”
After several minutes it became terrifyingly apparent no one was coming for him. He couldn’t even hear the shuffle of movement past his presumably locked door.
“What are you staring at? Come here now.” Victor rose and braced his knuckles against the surface of his desk, the predatory menace plain in his voice, in every rigid muscle on his frame.
“To what? To prevent me from being the plaything to the ludicrously wealthy? You aren’t the only one with an oath.”
Perhaps it was just Victor’s nature. Or perhaps Sherlock had softened him, had succeeded in whatever scheme Irene had in mind when arranging their assignation. At present, Sherlock really couldn’t make himself care either way.
He pushed away the memory of the dream of Sherlock bound in golden chains, of sweat-damp bedsheets twisted in his fist, the hitch in his chest as he listened through the shared wall of their bedrooms--
that bastard would threaten Frédérique’s family. Just because he hadn’t spoken to them since he’d taken his vow, just because he’d taken the House’s name--it didn’t stop his love, his desire to protect his sister and mother.
The night grew later, winding from dancing and revelry to the pageant of costumes, and Sherlock took in none of it. He didn’t take in the Eglantine actress costumed as the Old Crone, hobbling forward in rags, propped on her gnarled cane, as she made her way to the dais at the front of the great-hall; he only barely registered the Gentian horologist crying out the seconds, declaring the new hour and the new day, another Eglantine actor dressed as the Sun King entering from the side of the room and bending to kiss the Old Crone. Sherlock knew but didn’t observe, as the Old Crone straightened, a victorious call as she cast off her rags and the mask of age to reveal a young maiden. The beautiful symbolism of a year’s darkness giving way to light was completely lost on him.
Sherlock folded his arms across his chest, and John couldn’t help but smile to see the way Sherlock fought against the urge to deny being called on his bullshit. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John, picked up another creamer pack, and gingerly placed it upside-down on top of the fork where it intersected with the spoon. Just as he was releasing it, John finally answered.
So Sherlock went on pretending to be oblivious, allowing himself to enjoy this rare moment with a patron. It was odd, certainly, to have Wilkerson cuddled up against him--the act felt too intimate, too close, even for someone he’d just had very thorough sex with. He did appreciate, though, was that Wilkerson’s attention to detail included aftercare that sought to be emotional as much as it was physical. It was just awkward, considering there was very little basis for them to share an emotionally intimate moment.
Outside, a slight chill had permeated the predawn air, the first John had felt since they’d arrived. It was glorious. A few birds had begun their song, a distant whistling twitter that struck John as slightly surreal.
Three days before his first assignation, Sherlock found John in the kitchen, at ease for once while he made a pot of tea. He’d just finished his morning routine, the physical training taught to Cassilines to perfect their duty: John’s hair was still sweat-damp, clinging to his forehead and the nape of his neck. His skin had lost its flush, and his body moved with a certain languor Sherlock never saw in the Cassiline. The unguarded slant of his shoulders, the way the morning light streaming in from the large window haloed him in whitish overcast light was surprising--as was the genuine smile after his first sip from his mug. It was odd, seeing the person beneath the veneer of sulking Cassiline.
He lifted a heavy hand, prodded the tender flesh where his head had met the wall--hair, sticky with something viscous--petroleum jelly?--and gauze. Likely protecting sutures.
“Elua, please!” Sherlock pushed himself up and wrapped his fingers around the back of Lestrade’s neck, crushing their mouths together. He came at it with no skill, no delicacy, just the hot wet slide of lips and teeth and tongue, and broke off long enough to whisper into parted lips, “Just please, please fuck me.”
Surprisingly, he wept for himself, too. For the things he’d experienced at Jim Moriarty’s hands, the torment of being torn between lust and loathing. He knew there should be no question, there should be no what if, but that was the worst of his curse, and it would always be inside him.
took like, an entire day just to make sure I could connect those exact dots and use it logically. I've been sitting on that for what, like twenty million chapters? SO GOOD TO FINALLY EXPLAIN MY BRILLIANCE, lol.
John feels grateful then, that Sherlock is there and at least minimally more sober than himself, the two of them floating in lazy circles, side by side in a slow orbit, just the way they’d done most of their lives.
“Believe what you like,” Moriarty crooned softly. “Doesn’t matter, does it? All it would take would be a few well-placed emails, I think. Brother Vincent worries about you
The thrill of that, though, the slight edge of danger that came with brazenly sporting an erection outside a client's pre-arranged scene--that didn't make matters any better. Quite the opposite, really. Sherlock fought to keep his breathing even, to appear as calm about the situation as he possibly could. He drew a deep breath, steeling himself against the surge in his pulse, and twisted in the mirror to get a better view of the temporary arrangement of his marque. After a slight pause and a discreet cough, Ames snapped back into motion, offering a small hand-held mirror to aid in his inspection.
I do not like repeating myself, especially when the question borders on heresy. It is not yours to question Cassiel’s will. Do not forget that. You have sworn a binding oath, John. If you doubted then as you do now, you would have been better served not having sworn it at all.
But rather than explain himself, he darted forward, cupping Sherlock, who fought and lost to not go rigid at Jim’s touch, which burned like a brand against Sherlock’s most sensitive places.
“nó Jasmine,” Sherlock answered. It would be safer to keep his name clear, and was common for adepts to take their House-name if they wished to protect their birth name in the digital age. “Call me William.”
But then Sherlock swam forward beneath the shadow of the dock, less than a foot away from him. John’s heart kicked up to triple-time against his ribcage, the air suddenly too thick with humidity to breathe. He tried to look anywhere but straight ahead, but Sherlock’s face was so close it demanded his attention, those eyes just catching a reflection of the light off the water, the rest of his face a work in shadow-on-shadow. John gulped in a breath.
Silence cascaded to settle between them, uncertainty shifting in the fog. John lifted his Scotch, inspected it. The amber liquor sloshed, but wasn’t distracting enough to break the awkwardness. John
He and seven other angels--Anael, Azza, Camael, Cassiel, Eisheth, Naamah, and Shemhazai--left Adonai’s court to follow at Elua’s side.
“How’s that? Enjoying yourself so far?” Wilkerson traced his fingers along Sherlock’s ribs idly as he asked the question.
John turned to direct the impact away from the back of his skull, but caught cheek and ear. The side of his orbital bone and pain exploded in a way he’d not experienced in a long time.
Sherlock leaned out as far as he dared, trying to find their forms in the dark. Who was this, talking to John?
, Sherlock had taken to puttering around the townhouse in his pyjamas. John had stepped out, insisted on a walk to clear his head.
The ride back to their hotel was interminable. Eye contact connected and skittered, landing momentarily before dancing away. It was the irresistible draw of one to one, and the bewildering urge to keep from being caught, even though permission had been freely given.
Did it matter where the flower had come from, really? It was a small reminder of Elua’s first tenet:
The difference in the shadow beneath the dock and out in the open, though, became more apparent once he’d done so. What little light there was illuminated Sherlock like some kind of water nymph, ghostly pale, his cheeks and lips ruddy from exertion. Inexplicably, John felt his heart kick up a notch, and it had nothing to do with the wrestling nor the race.
Among the sweet smell of hay and the faint odor of manure, came a scent like apples basking in sunshine, sweet and warm and full of flavour. Sherlock closed his eyes, breathed in deep.
Though John was given little more than a perfunctory nod, Jim and Amelia greeted Sherlock as warmly as any guest of honour, rather than a servant of Naamah.
But what good would that do? How could he look to Anael, or hope to build a new family and nurture it, when he’d dedicated himself to Cassiel? And was that to imply the Brotherhood didn’t serve as family enough?
As Sherlock left the temple, the desire in his blood transmuted, fizzing into a kind of hope, a kind of joy he’d never felt before. Not since the Kusheline priestess had pricked his finger, had named his affliction a blessing. For the first time in ten years, he felt like his choices were more right than mere logic would allow, and he had no idea how to quantify that experience.
Helen straddled him, leaning forward to pull a foil wrapper from beneath her pillow, which turned out to be a condom. She tore it open with her teeth and rolled it onto him slowly, gingerly, all too aware of his precarious state. She offered him an apologetic smile, which made Sherlock chuckle.
Sherlock nodded, and Sister Roberts rose from her chair, looped her arm through his, and led him back toward the lobby.
John wasn’t sure what to make of his own head as he navigated back to the main entrance; he’d been damned and honoured, cut loose and bound to a fate that had been a long time coming. And that was all with the assumption that what he was doing was, in some part, the
“That’s quite commendable,” Jim said, “but you’ll need to sit guard outside the door like a good little puppy. I didn’t pay for
But Sherlock backed away, the mask and chains still binding him in heavy bronze, but his eyes shone with curiosity. Would John succumb to this weakness in his blood? Wouldn't it be fascinating to find out?
The thick, blunt strike of something flexible caught Sherlock across the upper thighs. He cried out.
Tomorrow he’d be a fully fledged member of the D’Angeline elite, and free to choose his patrons at will. He would be free to approach Jim Moriarty as an equal.
"Sleep well?" Sherlock asked, pleased to note the way his sleep-rough voice rumbled in his chest. Irene had mentioned several times it would be a lovely commodity in his assignations.
Out in the sanctuary, beneath the stars and Elua’s stone gaze, John and Brother Vincent hung back, stayed under the covered perimeter, shoes on.
He spun to see Mrs. Hudson frowning at him in amusement, and he realised he’d utterly tuned her out in favour of watching his flatmate do all the bending and lifting. “Hm, yes?”
John’s mentor made a noise, covered his face to contain his pain, and John walked away, not once hesitating or looking back.
“Shhhh.” Jim stepped away, retreated to the cabinet inset in the wall, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s. “I will spoil you
Sherlock rolled his eyes. He wouldn’t be fooled this easily. Of course John would do something as stupid as this, if it meant trying to win the bet. Sherlock sighed and touched John’s shoulder, the one that carried his scar and still clicked loudly in the cold weather. Then he pointed at the blanket on the floor and frowned. Then he gestured between John and the couch, and made sure his face read,
Dianne leaned back, and Sherlock could feel the weight of her eyes coasting over his skin. “Tell me, what will you take as your patron-gift? I have paid generously for this assignation, but I wouldn’t dare ignore Naamah’s traditions.” She trailed a silver-lacquered nail down the length of his upper arm. “Name it. It’s impressive you’ve lasted the entire night as our plaything!”
Sherlock nodded to the phone, a slight tic. That was all he could manage. The flight wouldn’t be long, an hour or two at best, but if he could manage, he desperately needed a nap.
Billy races ahead of them, weaving between groups of children with sacks full-to-bursting with candy, pointing out the destroyed decorations. Sherlock glances back at Sally before darting off after.
But then he caught Sherlock’s gaze as his ward came back to the surface long enough to scan his surroundings. He couldn’t quite read what was writ there.
Confused onlookers had already begun piling out into the street, alarmed at the explosion. In the distance, the wails of sirens from police boats sliced through the night air.
Siovale was once the province believed to host the angel Shemhazai, whose sphere was a passion for knowledge and ingenuity. Anyone who knew anything about D’Angeline society--such as one of Naamah’s most notorious servants--would recognise the admission for what it was. It went without saying that a family which traced its ancestry to Siovale would be the type to offer their children the widest array of education they could afford, including something as simple as various foreign language studies.
“Such a simple thing. But it goes deeper, doesn’t it? You wouldn’t have picked it unless the word meant something too precious to forget, too beloved or too painful, efficiently jarring from the sexual identity. Possibly both. The name wasn’t a person, wasn’t a thing. A pet?”
will need to do, right here on Elua’s green earth, if you hope to learn how to better cope with what you’ve come through and the way it’s changed you.”
Sherlock rose at once and came to kneel before the pair as per Irene’s expectations, though his gaze rose in challenge to the man’s face.
The true art of the flechette comes from its design, its implementation. Sharper than a surgeon’s scalpel, handled with the sort of care that comes of
Cassilines honoured no other holiday; Elua’s vigil was paramount. John had come along tonight on the impetus that there would be no chance to hold the vigil.
Sherlock was absolutely certain he would burst if he didn’t ask Irene immediately what that little tidbit of information meant. Just one word, one name.
After the last of the plates had been cleared and a simple sweet digestif had been served, Jim finally turned his gaze to Sherlock, bidding him to finish. Sherlock put away the violin and approached the table. As long as he’d waited for this, time slowed to a crawl now, each detail demanding his notice.
John is more broken these days than before Sherlock had found him after the military. So while he understands exactly where they are going, exactly what they are about to do, he aches for the memory of that much youth, that night of laughing and feeling more alive than he ever had before. That yearning twists his heart tight with guilt. This little trip won’t make John forget Mary. Nor the child he’d lost when she died.
John would keep Elua’s vigil, but it would only be to pray he’d someday have the chance to kill this bastard.
An hour or so after he’d eaten, when the day’s cycle of panic began to build and his thoughts ran rabid, a quiet knock sounded, four hollow booms against the old metal door. A moment later, the click of the key in the lock, and Luca reappeared in the doorway.
well, I'd planned on doing stuff today, but apparently I'm just going to watch bellydancing on youtube. That's me sorted.
John took it as permission. He let his hand trail upward, and when his fingers edged beneath the thin cotton of Sherlock’s shirt, Sherlock let out a harsh breath through his nose; John’s skin was burning up, a brand that Sherlock would gladly wear the rest of his days if he could. Reflexively, Sherlock jolted, his nose bumping John’s.
“We’re going out,” Sherlock answered. Whatever he’d taken from John’s statement was not nearly enough for Sherlock to reconsider the mission.
They counted the first twenty-four hours from the nearest hour that Sherlock had agreed to the damn bet, which put it at eleven p.m. each day. The first hour wasn’t terrible. Sherlock found a suitable experiment to occupy his mind, and John seemed content to leave him to it, opting to use the time curling up with whatever trash novel he was reading lately.
Sherlock was already poring over the menu when John sat down, which surprised him. Out of curiosity, he grabbed the other laminated mat-like menu and gave it a once-over. Beyond the eponymous waffles, there were such gems as “Bert’s Chili,” and “Alice’s Iced Tea.” (Iced tea, of course, had been one of the more blatant culture-shocks they’d suffered since coming to the region--the stuff they served here was more like cheap, cold, tea-flavoured syrup-water, over-brewed and left to sit until it had brushed elbows with rancid in a rather unflattering way.) Good lord, they even served t-bone steak and eggs.
Naamah’s service had led four adepts to reclaim some love of self, though the execution was reprehensible. It had led Sherlock to bringing them justice against Elua’s most sacred blessing.
His is a slow solo waltz, where the only spin is in his head as he moves closer to his destination, the small all-night store at the far end of town.
It was all confusion, he knew. He had never known this sort of pleasure with another person. It was only natural he would respond to someone so keenly honed to Naamah’s gifts, wasn’t it? That was no excuse, though. Not this meaningless lust, never this--he would never be fit to serve if he carried this in him. Yet another failing, he knew.
The cat-in-cream tone suffused John’s voice again. “Sounds dangerous. All right, you’re on. I could do with a week’s silence from you.” And then the insufferable twat winked.
She’d been walking home alone from a friend’s. It had been her night off. She didn’t think to keep her guard up once she’d gotten back to Knightsbridge. He’d grabbed her before she could scream, had carried her away.
Rather than asking, Wilkerson looked down at Sherlock’s groin, taking in the slight stir of interest at being bound at the wrists. He met Sherlock’s eyes, and gave a slight nod. Sherlock nodded in response.
Sherlock took a millisecond to consider. The man was devoid of any pleasing aesthetic, and his only lure was the novelty of the scene he’d just played out with Sherlock. Would it be as enjoyable a second time, if Sherlock knew it was coming?
Additionally, the name “The Songs of the Forty-Eight Hours” is an invention of my own and refers to “The Counting of the Hours,” which is obviously a canon name, as well as “The 48 Methods” in Ba Gua Zhang, which are a series of poems each linked with an “aspect of body alignment, application, or strategy.” Since Cassiline fighting style is based loosely on Ba Gua Zhang, it seemed appropriate to link these two together this way.
Braver now, John parted his lips, let his tongue run across the spot. Sherlock made a noise, took the hand he held earlier, and did the same to John.
Over the course of the week, another distraction presented itself in the form of his newly appointed Cassiline guard.
A near-hungry smile curled Jim’s upper lip. “So this is who all those rumours are about, love?” His high, Irish lilt sounded like music in Sherlock’s brain.
“What if I want to make you come just like this?” John asked. “You’re close, I can see that myself.”
In response John laughed and tugged them down for him until they reached his knees, at which point Sherlock lost his balance and toppled onto the bed and laughed with him.
So he busied himself with an ongoing project, tinkering with known aromas and compounds, attempting to design a pheromone-based cologne based on each of the House flowers. He’d just paused to sketch out an equation to account for the chemical composition, an attempt to work out that key ingredient he lacked, when his mobile buzzed on the table beside him.
IT HAPPENS TO be the first day of spring when the garden is no longer enough to drown out that siren call. He has taken to bathing again, to shaving, though the bags under his eyes remain bruise-tender and dark. He still swallows glass each time he remembers, but at this point he’s discovered Scotch will make it go down somewhat smoother.
Curiosity got the better of John, and he was thankful for his light steps as he crept to the top of the stair, just hovering around the corner. Sound from the kitchen carried up the narrow passage beautifully.
and the other traditional texts of Naamah’s trade, Irene had him studying anything and everything from the patterns of an ever-whirling geopolitical climate to the most far-flung languages. Tumbling classes, various martial arts. She insisted that each intellectual pursuit was best matched with a physical one. She tested him after dinner parties on his ability to observe the details of clothing, conversation, and body language her guests offered, and taught him to draw inferences on his findings. She taught him how to tell and how to spot a lie. Though their personalities and natures sometimes clashed, Sherlock found himself genuinely appreciative for all that Irene demanded of him.
“The assurance of the head priestess of Kushiel’s Temple in London, the evidence of an abnormality in my iris, and the unnerving urge to be your whipping boy despite my very certain predilection for men, Ms. Adler.”
In my haste to get this to you with out letting another moment pass, this one goes un-beta'd and only barely edited. It's a bit short, but then it's all John really had to say to me about things.
The shop was a far cry from the last tattoo parlour Sherlock had visited, which had been for a case. Where that one had been covered from floor to ceiling with garish band posters and framed vintage B-movie stills and furnished with mismatched furniture in a dizzying array of neon animal prints, Irene’s tattooist worked in a clean, well-lit studio, done in cool colours with sleek furniture in the waiting room. Music, upbeat and unrecognisable, played over the speakers, but it didn’t hide the drone of the tattoo gun.
John didn’t bother with a response, drawn in to the music, the electric heat building between his body and Sherlock’s. It was its own form of foreplay, even now when the conclusion was foregone: the glancing brush of palm on skin, the pressure of hips meeting before gliding back, shared breath, the thrill of relinquishing the self to the moment. And when Sherlock dipped his head to steal a kiss, John was dizzy with want.
Frédérique saw the patron, and recognised Jean-Julien well before he was recognised in return. The way it made his heart thump!
When he could feel his toes again, John propped himself on his elbows. “Come here--I need to see you.”
That in itself was a prospect whose wide horizons left John stunned at the view. They had time, all the time in the world.
His timing couldn’t have been more perfect if Elua himself had shoved him on his way. Although he couldn’t see him in the centre of the thick crowd, he heard Sherlock cry out,  “Jim Moriarty!”
Sister Roberts smiled, serene and thoughtful as she studied the mouthy teen before her. Her deep blue eyes raked over Sherlock until he felt she could peek within the cracks of his personality, suss out every last one of his faults. For a moment Sherlock wondered if this was how other people felt when he shot off deductions about them in the middle of the dining hall at school. When she caught and held his gaze, he couldn’t breathe.
“With my mum tonight. We normally have a date night each week, and sometimes I enjoy a night in while he takes his own personal time.”
And still, he could imagine a future: days of intrigue and long nights filled with the lash, the paddle, skin and sweat. Jim could consume him body and soul and Sherlock would thank him for it.
that John had chosen Sherlock over his life’s work. Sherlock would see a broken, failed warrior limping back like a wounded puppy, desperate for a gentle voice and a warm hand. All for a desperate kiss on an abandoned island during the middle of a firefight.
Through Uni he watched as peers succumbed to their hormones. Sex became a tool for connection, for manipulation, for gains of all kinds. And that wasn’t necessarily a misuse of sex, merely the most uncorrupted way of viewing it. While the opportunity didn't present itself so readily in the chemistry department--Sherlock had, after all, driven away anyone foolish enough to give him a second glance--that didn’t mean it was too late for him try various other routes.
Sherlock lapped at his cock, only taking the glans into his mouth while looking up through his lashes to catch Victor’s eyes. Victor gave a frustrated grunt, tangling his hands in Sherlock’s hair. “Open that pretty little mouth, whore.”
Sherlock was so surprised he forgot his contrition, his embarrassment, long enough to actually look at Jim’s face. There he found a mischievous smile, a wicked glint to Jim’s eyes.
As Sherlock and an ever-reticent John stepped from their car, the morning that greeted them was bright and mild, promising to warm up as the day progressed. Ahead, the house sat tucked between hills whose grass had just hit the first vibrant rush of spring. Gleaming white fences closed in the extensive pastures, skirting the hills and dividing the meadows as far as Sherlock could see.
His hands flew up to clasp Jim’s biceps to keep himself steady. But then his curiosity got the better of him and he pulled back.
London had gifted them with a miserable summer rain that washed the dawn sky white-grey. His training clothes clung to him, slick and taut. Before they'd gotten back home, a downpour had pummeled the earth of Irene’s little courtyard, bruised the lavender and gardenia. Loam and floral cloy swelled in his throat. Sleep-deprivation submitted to livewire adrenaline--sweat in the eyes and pulse in the ears. John's chest heaved from his exertion. The air tasted green--life, life, life.
He quaked, every muscle in his body a juddering mess, breath ragged and erratic as the last of that grief and guilt escaped him. It wasn’t until he grew quiet, until he grew still, that the priest touched the back of his head.
Honey and the faint taste of apples exploded on Sherlock’s palette, and the fluttering wings of a dove pulsed in his throat, in his head.
“He was supposed to be here,” Dianne interjected. “He declined last minute. Honestly, I was relieved.”
Sherlock leaned forward, letting his chest brush across John's shoulder as he reached for the teapot. "May I?"
She twitched her head in assent, as if the whole thing were a bother to her. But he saw the way her body went a touch more rigid, even slouched against the doorframe. He’d done well.
If the fire burned a little brighter after that, John wasn’t one to complain. By the time he remembered the disposable camera he’d stuffed into his knapsack, they were well and truly drunk.
When he got to that same spot, John nearly cursed: the width of the filing cabinet drawers on the desk, combined with the space for the desk chair, made the opening much smaller than comfortable. Helen, petite as she was, could’ve easily fit through it, but he was somewhat bigger. He crouched and slid through, leaning back to contort his shoulders and head away from the drawers, the gap of which was so narrow he had to keep his head turned to the side. Unfortunately, this meant he had to grip that part of the desk, which shifted just the slightest bit, throwing off his balance. He bumped, just barely, into the stack of books and froze, watched them wobble precariously. Even the slightest noise--let alone the calamity of heavy books crashing, which would invariably topple against the stack of boxes on the other side, sending them over like dominoes--would have bollixed the whole thing.
It ripped open scars he thought long-closed: the years following his parents’ death, when he wanted nothing more than to train as a Cassiline just to find the drunk driver whose car had careened headlong into his parents’.
When Sherlock comes it’s like falling off a building, irreversible and so intense it makes his stomach flip in the best way possible, every muscle in his body locking down so hard his hips, his calves, his toes cramp, and Sherlock’s final cry is a drawn out thing of beauty: equal parts ecstasy and regret that he’s done so quickly.
Sherlock met her gaze, held it. He gave a little nod and she smiled. Then she peeled back, turning to the swarming guests.
Over the breakfast table several hours later, Sherlock ignored his tea as Irene questioned him about his assignation with Wilkerson. Even after a scant few hours of sleep, that assignation felt like days ago to Sherlock, with all that had happened afterward.
to endure pain. They whimper like dogs, cringing away from it, only for the sweetness after.” He placed the glasses on a table, and truly invaded Sherlock’s space. His breath puffed against Sherlock’s lips, peppermint. “You embrace pain. You beg for more no matter how much you fear it. All your other patrons may want to explore the former, but it’s the latter that
When Sherlock came forward six months later, no one questioned why John’s world had been turned on its head. And with the way he’d insisted helping with the wedding, the way he’d been nothing short of perfect the entire time, John saw too little too late he wasn’t the only one for whom the past two years had been heartbreakingly enlightening.
I hope all y'all involved in the school system, either as faculty and staff, or as students, or parents and friends of those within have had a good time, and that the transition from summer back into the grind goes well. Don't forget to check out the links in the end-end notes, for more info about the other junk I get up to around the web, if you're into those sorts of things. I love you all, and I'll see you soon!
And his body! Pale and scarless, carved of stone and layered in the softness of skin, it begged to be touched. John found his calloused hands roaming along narrow shoulders, wiry biceps and trim waist.
Besides, he still had no factual reason to protest the accommodations. Moriarty had not, to John’s knowledge, actually ever acted out of turn with Sherlock, and the precedent of his standing in the Knight Court and among Irene’s household would be enough to vouch for them going to a simple party. He would still be on-hand for when they came back here--and John fought not to shudder at that thought.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Her mother, Roxanne D'Arbos, is currently pushing forward several trade agreements to Parliament."
As they stepped inside, Sherlock blinked rapidly to adjust his eyes to the dim lighting, which was near-pitch after the overcast sunlight outside. The heat was stifling, and they tugged their coats and scarves off, only to find an attendant waited to receive their garments. Apparently they kept it overly warm on purpose, though to what end Sherlock wasn’t sure.
She huffed a sigh. “Sherlock, I came out to talk to you about--” She smiled, tight and lopsided, unsure how to proceed.
Upstairs, only one door stood ajar in the well-lit hallway. Old portraits lined the walls at intervals, and deep, plush carpeting silenced Sherlock’s footfalls. He shivered, almost wishing he still had the protection of the Belstaff, as his hand hovered just shy of the door.
Sherlock stared at it a long moment, rolled his eyes, and accepted the bottle. He tossed it back without hesitation and then made a face. “The 27 is better.”
Unable to form words, Sherlock nodded, his eyes drifting up to meet Lestrade’s, whose cock was still wedged firmly against his face.
Instead he opened his mouth to speak, unsure of whether Sherlock’s confession warranted reaction or equal admission. Then a single memory floated to the surface, the very beginning of his fall.
And then it all clicked into place--of course he’d never seen John wear them before. John must’ve bought them the last time he’d gone out, must’ve hidden them in his briefcase or another bag of shopping. Which meant he’d bought them, had worn them specifically for all the little favours they did him, just for Sherlock.
“What’s this?” he asked as he struggled to open it. The parcel had no names, only a hastily-scrawled heart and a healthy application of tape.
John had been an utter fool to think he might find happiness and contentment staying by Sherlock’s side, serving the anguisset as he made his
When he woke hours later, the sun had not yet risen, and the shadowy curl of his patrons still enveloped him. But they stirred, blinking awake and smiling lazy smiles, intent upon him like a rare prize.
"Don't, don't. Save your manners for your clients. I can appreciate that you're as ready to see it as I'm ready to show you, darling."
“Patience, patience!” John said playfully. He leaned back, squeezed more of the gel lube in a thick line along the shaft of his cock, and after few quick strokes to spread it around, he lined himself up at Sherlock’s entrance.
Went into another language for dialogue in this chapter for reasons that'll make themselves apparent quite quickly. If you're reading via computer, the hover-text will work. If you're on a touchscreen and the context isn't enough for you to decipher, check the end notes for translations. I did attempt to build enough around the lines to give context, but I know sometimes it's still tricky (and since I'm the one writing it, I may make contextual leaps since I already know what everyone's saying).
The Cassiline Brotherhood was kind enough to wait another month, until John was discharged from the hospital, before calling him to a joint D’Angeline and London enclave. It didn’t matter that months of physical and mental therapy would be forthcoming, nor that an added gift from the trauma had manifested in his knee, a psychosomatic response that left him cane-bound and aching.
What if John had found him dead in the cell, a broken heap in a dark room, after having come so far, having fought so hard?
Jim gave Sherlock an appraising look, his smile sharklike, but his words were for Amelia. “Your birthday is the perfect excuse to share this little treat before you and Mr. Chamberlain return to the continent, I think.”
Sherlock took it all in, tried to to tune it all out with the constant bouncing of his knee. Irene noticed, laid her hand there to still him. It didn’t stop his bounce or his nerves.
With that Sherlock brushed past, eager to escape, eager to lock himself away in his bedroom where things made sense. Away from Victor’s warmth and the John’s icy stab of glares, where his violin would play, his feet would pace. Where he could think about this bloody case without his head getting done in by one man he’d slept with nearly six months prior. Where he could clear his mind of it all in preparation of his looming assignation with Jim and Amelia.
“Hey, language!” Sally snaps, but it’s obvious it’s more of a habit than anything. Sherlock knows she has younger twin brothers.
Belgravia at half-three in the morning stretched long and quiet; even on a Saturday night its residents were far too restrained to indulge in raucousness that late. Above him the light pollution stained the night sky purple and hazy; shadows coalesced and pooled in alleys and overhangs, beneath bushes and across stoops shrouded by porticoes.
“S’at what I think it is?” A new voice curled up from an alleyway beside them. “All manicured, pretty enough to be a girl? One’a dem French whore-boys, innit? Who’s this, your boyfriend?”
When they reached the perimeter of the scene, Lestrade gave them a distracted nod as he carried on with a few of his crew. Beside him, Sally simmered.
in pain, wrenched hard at the sockets, above his head. His still-sluggish pulse pounded deafening brass drums in his ears.
"You're--you're saying yes?" Irene punctuated the question with a short, sharp laugh. It was impossible for her eyebrows to rise any higher on her forehead. "You actually want to go to her?"
I wouldn’t have done this if it weren’t for MLC (MapeLeafCameo) feeding a plot-bunny. Those plot-bunnies wound up being more like Tribbles. Sorrynotsorry. ;D
“The other two murder suspects.” Mycroft let out a soft hum. “Yes. I had imagined they might be a possibility. I wasn’t sure, though, and John had his orders.”
John snorted while Sherlock suppressed a grin and felt his cheeks warm. Then he felt John’s fingers tugging something free from his hair. It was a little cluster of leaves from one of the rose stems.
“What the--” John broke off, and then he looked up at Sherlock in surprise. “It’s from Elua’s oak, isn’t it?”
The red spot in his eye hadn’t helped with the bullying, before Sherlock learned to bite back and quicker. After numerous doctors gave it up as an benign manifestation of the heterochromia, his parents did their best to just ignore it.
Even before the Brotherhood, he’d been a poor kid from the outskirts of the city, and it never mattered how friendly he was, how diligent or honest he made himself, it was never enough to compete with the popularity of his peers. It certainly didn’t help that his sister had taken her own status as a social butterfly and used it to careen headfirst into a whole slew of messes--drunken rages, screaming matches with his parents, the entire debacle of being caught behind closed doors with her “best friend,” a girl three years her junior.
John couldn’t stop the pained noise that escaped him as he jerked back. He moved his shoulder with care, trying to push past the ache, the tight clench of the injured muscles surrounding the wound. It felt like his ligaments and tendons threatened to revolt. John closed his eyes, tried to steady his breath.
Sherlock cleared his throat, opened his mouth to speak, but then remembered better. He fumbled for a piece of paper and wrote down his reply.
It had taken every ounce of restraint to neither break Moriarty’s teeth nor throw Sherlock over his shoulder and haul him back to the safety of their house, honestly.
Irene laughed, shaking her head. She drew the parcel from behind her and offered placed it on his bed. "No, nothing like that. I did some research--what do you know of sangoire?"
One offer came in that spring, however, that caught his eye: Helen Belfours, a director at the D'Angeline embassy, whose better qualities had less to do with her job and rather more with having been a contemporary of Irene’s during their time in Mandrake house.
Sally clenched her jaw, her eyes darting between Sherlock and her superior officer. She huffed once and turned on her heel, stalking off.
John had no idea what to do with that--Moriarty had done a complete 180 in a wink, had swerved from anger to charm, edges smoothed.
Irene went all out for Sherlock’s birthday and debut. She’d rented out a private art gallery, its current works’ theme centred around sensuality and sexuality. Paintings and photos lined the walls, colours rendered in warm flesh-tones of all shades, the curve of bodies slotting together. As a setting for any other sort of party, it would’ve been garish, awkward. But to celebrate a servant of Naamah’s debut in service and society, it was rather brilliant: the setting would serve perfectly to build the tension and desire in the atmosphere that Irene would prefer.
John frowned more deeply, tilting his head a little. John's pupils dilated as he looked at Sherlock, and his cheeks were flushed—desire radiated from him even in his confusion. Sherlock could feel his breath on his face, the heat of it, could almost taste it. So
He wants to open the door and see Sherlock like that. He wants that version of Sherlock in his room, in his bed, but he just can't make his body move to open the door. He hears quiet footfalls on the stairs a few moments later and curses himself for missing his chance.
He's already half-hard and he blushes scarlet as Sherlock's gaze moves to his crotch. He swallows around the lump in his throat, trying to get his voice to work, but before he can say a word, Sherlock has pushed his face into the gap in John's jeans, breathing in deeply. John bites back a moan and his hands clutch at Sherlock's shoulders, mostly because he doesn't know what else to do with them, but partly because he's so conflicted about what is obviously going to happen next. He doesn't know which he wants more: to push Sherlock away or to hold him close, close, closer.
Mycroft left the room to ruin some lives and Sherlock stared at John, lying in the hospital bed. He looked down at his own shaking hands holding the Reverie device, hands which would never touch John in the way his virtual ones just had. His lips were still tingling from the kisses they'd never shared, never would share. His heart was still pounding with the thrill of having John in his arms, happy and pliant and
Sherlock trailed off, maintaining intense eye contact with John for a long moment before looking at the fire and taking a sip of his whisky. John cleared his throat quietly.
John turns, his jaw clenched, his body held stiffly. The desolate look on Sherlock's face makes his heart feel tight, but he ignores it, because if he takes notice of that he'll crumble.
Sherlock stretched out on the couch, his arms above his head, pointing his toes, his back cracking noisily. John watched with his slice of toast halfway to his mouth, forgotten for a moment, before blinking and looking away. Sherlock didn't miss his reaction, getting a gentle buzz from the attention.
John stares at that message for a good, long while, an internal debate raging as to whether he should send it. Would he be giving too much away? Would Sherlock mock him for it later on? Has he ever really missed anyone quite as much as he misses Sherlock right at this moment?
John had moved his hand to the back of Sherlock's neck, pressing his face into the pillow as he pushed relentlessly, smoothly, all the way inside him.
John dipped his head to lick along the shaft of Sherlock's cock again and curled his fingers inside of him at the same time. Sherlock's whole body clenched.
Sherlock felt a hollow in his gut, thinking of John sleeping in his bed, mourning him, wanting him—making the decision to go into a virtual world for as long as possible to be with him. The thought that this could have been where John died was like a stab to the heart.
The John in his arms groaned softly and kissed him back, opening beautifully to him, holding him closer, giving him something he'd never thought he'd have, an aching desire carefully hidden and cherished in secret. The kiss became more, possessive, Sherlock making the most of a chance he'd never have again, pressing John down on the bed and tasting his jaw, his neck, the hollow between his collarbones, before returning to his lips for one final, sweet caress.
He looks at Sherlock’s bedroom door, thinking for a long moment before pushing it slowly inward. John has never been in Sherlock’s room before and he’s interested to see what it’s like, all of a sudden. At least, he tells himself it's just idle, inexplicable curiosity.
He moved to kneel between John's thighs once more. He opened a condom with his teeth and rolled it onto his cock with a light touch, John openly staring. Then Sherlock frowned and looked down. The condom had broken, just the ring remaining around the base of his shaft and a flap of torn latex hanging like a ruined flag. Sherlock made a noise of annoyance.
"Nothing," Sherlock said, his eyes still closed, ashamed at wanting what was clearly a mistake to last just a little bit longer.
"Again, this isn't something we're getting a choice about," Charlie said. "Our London office have requested the source code and are preparing a tablet as we speak."
Two and a half years ago, John Watson watched as his best friend, Sherlock Holmes, threw himself from a building to his death.
"You know this is a new jumper, because I bought it yesterday and you saw me take it out of the bag when I got home. What's with the compliments?"
. I'm giving you carte blanche with my body and all you want to do is touch me?" Sherlock said in a voice that wasn't as bossy as it was trying to be. "Have at me, man!"
I had the potential to... carry out. Deeds which were necessary, but will always be a stain on my conscience. Things I
Sherlock fell silent downstairs an hour or so ago, the mournful strains of his violin fading to discordant plucking of the strings and finally to nothing. John wonders what Sherlock is doing, whether he's reading a book, using John's laptop, performing bizarre and ethically questionable experiments in the kitchen, or god forbid, sleeping.
John broke the kiss after a couple of minutes, breathing hard. "Sorry, couldn't not, with you lying there looking like that."
Sherlock's eyes narrow as he snaps the lid of his violin case closed without looking, his attention focussed on John.
"It's strange, being here again, after being in the Reverie for so long," John said quietly. "I keep expecting Mrs H to come upstairs with Rosie, but then I remember..."
"I borrowed your stethoscope. I hope you don't mind," Sherlock murmurs over breakfast a couple of mornings later in a tone which clearly implies that he doesn't care if John minds or not.
Sherlock, of course, misses the hard edge in John's voice as he turns and shrugs out of his coat. A small self-sealed bag of white powder falls from Sherlock's coat pocket as he hangs the garment on the wall. Both men look down at it for a long, silent moment.
Sherlock bobs his head faster, breathing noisily through his nose, making little muffled moaning noises which buzz right through John's body. He's taking John apart, piece by piece, first his certainty about his sexuality, then his restraint and now his control. John thrusts his hips against Sherlock's bobbing head, his breath hitching with each sharp inhalation, fighting hard to suppress the whimpers and moans bubbling up in his chest.
"Good?" John murmured, rubbing his thumb in small, gentle circles against the underside of Sherlock's shaft.
Sherlock let out a lost groan, grabbing at John, pulling him closer, John straddling him on the chair, sending Sherlock's own whisky glass flying. John grabbed hold of the collar of Sherlock's shirt and pulled hard, tearing the front open, Sherlock gasping into his mouth.
Sherlock nodded and slipped his hands into the pockets of his coat, listening to John's breathing, watching the clouds of virtual mist with each exhalation.
As John slowly pulls the tight sheath down over his aching cock, he stares at the penetration and imagines it's Sherlock's tight arse taking his thick shaft. A shudder of furious lust goes through his body as he starts pumping his hand.
"So..." John starts, the falters, the look on Sherlock’s face not exactly encouraging him to continue.
The next morning there was a doctor with John when Sherlock arrived.  John introduced Sherlock as his 'partner', leaving exactly what kind of partner he was unspecified, which gave Sherlock a small inner twinge. Sherlock sat and watched as the doctor tested John's reflexes, his muscle strength, went through his blood test results.
John pulled back from the kiss again and tore his vest top off, over his head. Sherlock's eyes roamed over his chest, the patch of pale chest hair, the nipples the same colour as his lips, the scar tissue on his left shoulder, the sparse trail of hair leading down past his belly button...
As he leaves the pub alone, John doesn’t see the tall figure cloaked in the darkness of a doorway across the road, watching, his pale face tight and worried.
John blinks and sits up, stretches his neck and looks down at his phone in his hand, frowning before cancelling the message, saving it to drafts. Mycroft indulges himself in a private little smile, giving John the distinct impression that he knows what the message contained.
John moves away again after confirming that the hair in the victim's grasp does not belong to the victim, which he's sure Sherlock didn't need him for, as the hair is ginger and the victim is, well,
"Of course," John says, a little defensively, unconsciously plucking at the front of his shirt, "Why wouldn't I make an effort?"
As quick as a flash, Sherlock has moved away, striding purposefully into the sitting room while John just watches, his knees still shaking.
’ expression on Sherlock’s face and adds quickly, "I mean, as more than just a... friend with benefits?"
All too soon the smile was gone, but Sherlock felt its after-effects, could almost smell the sunlight on his skin. He sat, sipping his coffee and enjoying the evidence of John's returned appetite (trying not to concentrate too much on his mouth).
Without meaning to, John wonders if Sherlock is unbuttoning his shirt at that very moment, preparing for bed. Perhaps he's done that already and is slipping out of it, exposing miles of pale skin, throwing the shirt carelessly into a corner. John feels a guilty thrill go through his body at the thought of his flatmate undressing. A part of him is horrified at the interest his cock has started showing in the images in his mind.
You disappeared the morning after we... after we slept together. You didn't think about how that would look? You'll forgive me if I see a connection between the two things."
"Or not," John said, distracted, his hand automatically going to Sherlock's arse, fingers trailing over Sherlock's rounded, clenching cheeks before delving between to tease with his fingertips.
This is nothing like the desire John has felt in the past, nothing at all like the desire he’s felt for women. The desire he’d felt for cute Sally McPhee in high school had been as shy and delicate as she was. The desire he’d felt for Clara when they’d first met had been a need to hold her, cherish her and please her, make her smile. The desire he’d felt for Sarah was slow-burning and comfortable, almost lazy.
After thinking for a moment, he turns the key in the lock and leans back against the door, breathing out slowly. He unbuttons his jeans.
John stared up at Sherlock, stroking his cock, running his other hand over his stomach, presenting such a temptation that Sherlock groaned, feeling tortured in holding back.
John blinked awake, coughing and gagging around an intubation. He clutched at the bed covers, making muffled, anguished noises, until a hand caught his and held.
Sherlock's eyes snap open and he stares down into John's as he starts to move again, short, sharp thrusts of his hips, forcing himself down on John's cock, then forcing his own throbbing hard dick through John's tightening fist.
"Gabe. I’m sorry, but I can’t," John says, his lips still temptingly close to Gabe’s. He takes hold of Gabe’s wrist and pulls his hand away from his cock. "I have to get home."
Mycroft rises from his chair and twirls his umbrella thoughtfully between his perfectly manicured fingers before meeting John's eye.
"This is perfect," Sherlock murmured after a few moments' silent thought. "I wanted it ages ago, but... I wouldn't have changed it."
. I'm not good at that, but you are, and you make me a better person," Sherlock says, looking uncomfortable with this admission of weakness.
"I did things I'm not proud of, while I was away, terrible things that I can't even...” Sherlock lets out a ragged breath. “Things of which I'd never believed myself capable, deeds which I'd only
Sitting in the room were John, in his armchair, and a facsimile of himself in his own chair. John glanced at him briefly before shaking his head and looking away.
"I wonder how much of it I'll be able to fit in my mouth..." John mused aloud, his lips brushing Sherlock's ear.
Sherlock remained silent but wanted to tell John that there wouldn't be any others, that he too was exceptional,
John tries to keep his breathing steady and even as Sherlock moves above him, slowly raising then lowering his hips, taking John’s cock inside him inch by agonizing inch, a little deeper with each rise and fall. The look on Sherlock’s face is like nothing John has ever seen during sex; completely present, so utterly focused on John that he feels like the centre of the universe. All that exists is John and Sherlock and John inside Sherlock, and Sherlock sinking all the way down onto John’s iron-hard shaft, and John with his breath taken away and Sherlock all around him.
"It was like a dream come true. We fought. I forgave you. We resumed our friendship. That's when I started using Reverie a lot," John said. "Mary liked you. You, the other you, you actually liked her too."
Gabe smiles naughtily and moves away from John, then sprawls on the couch, his erection tenting his black trousers, his thighs parted indecently. John swallows, staring openly.
"If you come before I'm inside you, John, I won't be best pleased," Sherlock rumbled, taking out a strip of condoms and dropping the box. He unbuttoned his suit trousers one-handed, letting them drop to the floor.
Mara ran down the street in hot pursuit of the two men, dodging a suddenly-reversing garbage truck and a pizza delivery scooter.
John’s mouth stalls for a few moments while his brain flashes him some (quite graphic) images of Sherlock fucking himself with his long fingers, or with his intimidating black dildo.
Dague-Ross frowned at Topher again. "Not while it's running, not without risk of permanent harm to the user, no."
He tried to say Sherlock's name but couldn't speak with the tube down his throat. He squeezed his eyes closed, then opened them again. Sherlock was still there. He could feel tears rolling down his cheeks and was powerless to do anything about it.
Sherlock found himself standing on Baker street at dusk. The smell of the air, petrichor and smog, suffused his lungs. He took only a moment to breathe it in before setting off down the street.
"Sort of, yeah. And then the program just brought you back to me out of the blue. I didn't request it. Didn't program it," John said. "The system just took all the data about my life and resurrected you."
Sherlock tilts his head to one side, his eyes flicking from John's eyes to his hands, to his shoelaces and to his shoulder. He shakes his head slightly, "No, you've changed."
Sherlock went down to the laundry to wash the sheets, frightening the life out of Mrs Hudson who slapped his face and then hugged him tightly, sobbing into his chest. He smiled and closed his eyes, holding her close.
Sherlock walked through the hospital corridors with Mycroft at his side. Mycroft had gotten the message pretty quickly that Sherlock wasn't interested in anything else he had to say, and stayed mercifully silent as they walked.
was what Sherlock imagined in his most personal moments, in moments of weakness, in moments of longing—having John,
The bathroom tap ran, then there was more gargling. John emerged from the bathroom thirty-five excruciatingly long seconds later to a frowning, naked, still-hard, incredibly impatient Sherlock.
John frowned and started to speak again, but Sherlock cut him off with an irritated flick of his hand through the air, as though casting away John's protests.
John started physiotherapy that day, Sherlock at a loose end, hanging around the hospital room until John returned with his hairline sweaty and looking tired. John fell asleep almost as soon as his head hit the pillow and Sherlock watched John sleep, the television murmuring ignored in the background.
"You don't have to like it," Charlie said. "We just need to get it done. I suspect this man has the power to get the code one way or another."
Sherlock leans in closer, over the suddenly-too-narrow table and murmurs, "I know whose name you gasp when your orgasm takes you..."
"Well that's just... for god's sake," Sherlock said accusingly, looking at Mara. "The least you could do was make it
John pulled almost all the way out of Sherlock in a long, slow slide, then pushed just as slowly back into him, his eyes focused on the penetration. His body shivered as he pulled out and thrust again.
"Because... because you'd slow me down," Sherlock says, then sees the look on John's face and adds quickly, "Not like that. Not in the way you think. I mean, I couldn't have you around, distracting me."
Sherlock frowned deeply, the apology on the tip of his tongue held back, knowing as he did that John didn't want to hear it.
John established a rhythm, pushing into Sherlock and pulling on his cock at the same time. All Sherlock could do was hold onto the bedhead with his head hanging as John fucked him and stroked him, harder and faster, breathing harshly against his back.
"Does he kiss like I do?" Gabe asks, then he kisses John again as though to give him a basis for comparison.
Why does he feel like he’s closer to this mad, wild, alien creature, this extraordinary man, than he’s ever been, to anyone?
John moved closer and steadied himself with one hand on the small of Sherlock's back. Sherlock could hear wet sounds as John slowly stroked his cock. He shuffled closer on his knees.
"Wouldn’t want to spoil the mystery," Sherlock whispers in John’s ear, settling beside him on the bed once more.
"It was a moment of weakness," Sherlock said softly. "I was presented with my heart's deepest desire and I was shamefully unable to resist."
"John, I can't let you die. You haven't told me how the real world me died, but I'm certain it was to protect you," Sherlock said. "To
John laved Sherlock's balls with his tongue, alternating between licking and sucking. He hooked his hands around Sherlock's thighs, holding them open and still as Sherlock squirmed, oversensitive and overstimulated. His tongue explored the crease between balls and thigh, then he nipped lightly at the tender skin of Sherlock's inner thigh with his teeth.
"No, John, I'm afraid I can't do that," Sherlock whispers, his lips brushing against John's left ear.
"It's fine," Sherlock said, watching as John pulled away to move to his armchair, sitting down stiffly. "Tea?"
John let out an angry noise, pulled Mara to her feet and pushed her toward the bank guard just as DI Lestrade burst into the bank, flanked by firearms officers and firefighters.
John looks at Sherlock, gives him a long, hard, open stare. It is a look full of embarrassment, anger, pain and ...love; it takes Sherlock's breath away. It's a look that says
"Yeah, that's... The drip makes it better, but it's still not good. He's not rousing in any of the usual ways. We need to get head office in the States onto this."
That was when Sherlock lost control, everything he'd ever hoped, dreamed, wanted, needed, right in front of him, all around him—John opening up to him, taking him inside, incandescently beautiful in his arousal, in his desire, in his surrender. Sherlock let out a low groan and thrust harder, burying himself in John over and over, stroking John's cock, revelling in the sounds he dragged from John's throat, swallowing them in his kiss.
Sherlock let out a long, keening moan and threw his head back as John dragged him over the edge, his body quaking violently, showering the evidence of his enjoyment onto the sheets in strong spurts, clenching around John's thick cock still thrusting so deep inside him.
He stood in the doorway, looking away as John stripped off his jeans and shirt, then slipped under the covers. Sherlock looked at John again, finding himself being watched in return.
John slipped his arms around Sherlock's neck, holding him close, burying his face against Sherlock's jaw. He was shaking as he held on for dear life. Sherlock pressed soft kisses down the side of his neck, breathing gentle words of devotion into his flesh. Promises of forever, and of love, and of a desire so deep it burned, all uttered as they rocked together, joined.
"No, he’s not. I take it you don’t know where he is?" John asks, eyes narrowing as he attempts to gauge the veracity of the elder Holmes brother’s response.
. Like a wife. Like a boyfriend. John doesn't know what he and Sherlock are to one another, but he knows they aren't even close to that stage yet.
"But when Rosie came along, I was just... smitten," John said with a small, sad smile. "So were you. Reverie-you."
John looked to his left, at the space on the sofa formerly occupied by Pamela. The downstairs door slammed a moment later. John looked at the doorway, then back at Sherlock, his thin lips pinched together with barely-suppressed fury.
He looked at the back of John's head, thinking about the last time he'd seen John sitting in that chair—with the facsimile of himself on his knees before him, kissing John, loving John. He wasn't jealous, not as such, but it caused a pang in his chest he was not eager to examine too closely.
Sherlock just nodded, swallowing around a lump in his throat, looking at the floor. He sensed rather than saw John nod in acknowledgement, his hand slipping down to Sherlock's forearm before pulling away. Sherlock breathed out heavily, the simple, innocent touch sending a combination of fire and guilt coursing through him.
John stops dead in his tracks, his breath suddenly caught in his chest. Sherlock doesn't sound like he's dying, or in trouble, or in danger at all. He sounds... well, he sounds like he's enjoying himself rather a lot... Or what John imagines he'd sound like in such a situation, and he
"You're not afraid of needles are you?" the doctor said, brandishing the large gun-style syringe containing the implant.
When they made their way slowly up the stairs and into the sitting room, John immediately zeroed in on the pillows and blanket folded at the end of the couch.
He turned to walk away and Mara caught his arm. John looked at her hand on his arm, then back to her face.
It's much later when the thought occurs to John that he neglected to mention Sarah as one of his reasons against he and Sherlock... well, you know. A perfectly serviceable girlfriend, and he didn't use her as an excu- a reason. That troubles him and he's not entirely sure why.
"What? I thought you didn't like talking on the phone," John says by way of greeting when Sherlock answers.
"You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen," Sherlock breathed, completely unguarded, looking back up into John's eyes.
"Uh. Yes. Hmm. Well, then. Yes. I'll be... off, then," John stutters out, jerking a thumb toward the door behind him, eager to escape this awkward conversation. "Bedtime. Big day." He adds a yawn-stretch combination for good measure.
, in my world that I cannot bear to be without. You may not believe me, but I mourned for you too. I did. I would find myself thinking about nothing but what you must be thinking, must be feeling."
"-you didn't know to look for me. It was all I wanted, to be found. How could you let me down like that? The most surprisingly intuitive and resourceful man I've ever known, and even you couldn't find me. I was so lost without you. So
"I got married. You turned up in the restaurant, raised from the dead, right on the night I was going to propose."
Sherlock slipped a hand between their bodies, taking John's cock into his hand. John shivered, clenching tight around Sherlock's cock, and took Sherlock's lips in a fierce kiss.
John feels Sherlock pull back, gasps quietly as the cold kitchen air hits his saliva-slick cock and his hands are released. He cautiously opens his eyes and looks down at Sherlock, who is now sitting back on his haunches. As he watches, Sherlock drags one long, white thumb along his bottom lip, looks at the smear of collected semen closely for a moment before sucking his thumb clean. Then his gaze raises to John's face.
John assumes Sherlock has decided that words are the problem. The next move comes the very next morning, in the form of Sherlock pinning him with an intense stare and backing him silently up against the fridge door. He feels like he's paralysed as Sherlock soundlessly sinks to his knees before him, his eyes still locked on John's.
"You said not to contact you unless completely necessary," Mycroft said, schooling his features into a blank mask, but still evidently uncomfortable. "I handled it."
On the morning of the sixth day, Sherlock brought flowers. They weren't anything particularly expensive or unusual, just white roses from a local Waitrose, but the look on John's face when Sherlock pulled them out from behind his back, amused,
"She wants to start a family and she thinks it won't work out with you," Sherlock says, a vaguely disgusted tone to his voice, as though the desire to start a family is completely unreasonable and irrational.
"I'm here to save John's life," he said. "Something which, if you were any kind of imitation of me at all, I would think you'd be more than eager to assist with."
"That's the thing, I never did want kids," John said, then paused for a moment, frowning a little. "My childhood wasn't... happy. As you know."
Even in the midst of the hottest sex of John's life, he can recognise Sherlock preening at his reverential compliment.
Having seen this, experienced this, he wondered what perfect world John had created that would make him want to leave the real world behind—because this? This would be all it would take for Sherlock Holmes to give everything away.
John looks up at Sherlock seriously for a few long moments, then surprises him by bursting out into a chuckle.
John shakes his head slightly, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his jeans, looking at Sherlock's shoes. "We’re not friends now?"
John returns to 221B Baker Street with a heavy heart and the knowledge that Sarah is right. Annoyingly right.
John pauses for a moment, suddenly struck by the mental image of Sherlock, long, lean, pale and naked as the day he was born, crawling across his bed on all fours, sliding between his sheets. His higher mental faculties seem to desert him for a few long moments, then his brain clicks back into action.
He made his way to his bedroom, a bizarre feeling of deja vu attacking him as he pushed open the bedroom door.
"Saw that coming a mile off," Sherlock declares, sprawled on the sofa dramatically, like a swooning Victorian woman.
"I really didn't. I didn't even... it wasn't my intention," Sherlock says, almost apologising, but characteristically not quite saying the words.
Sherlock lost a little of his impatience at that, forced out by a wave of heat that flushed through his body.
John straddles him and lets out a loud groan into Sherlock's mouth as he feels the detective's hands slide down his back to his arse, pulling their hips together. He breaks off the kiss for a moment, just looking down into his pale blue-grey-green eyes.
He returned the next day at the start of visiting hours to find John sitting up in bed, clean-shaven, eating breakfast, if you can call fruit jelly breakfast. John looked up at him for a moment, his expression blank, then nodded at the empty chair beside the bed and Sherlock sat, practically vibrating with tension.
John crouches down on the other side of the body and it's then that he realises why Sherlock took his coat off. The tiny smirk on his (full, kissable) lips tells John all he needs to know. Sherlock saw him (not) looking at his (luscious) arse, in fact, that was his desired reaction.
Tea made, Sherlock returned to John, placing the mug on his side table and settling into his own armchair with an unintentional, satisfied sigh. John smiled a little, watching him.
"This is what I want, John," Sherlock breathed against the shaft, still looking up at him. "You, desperate for my mouth, writhing under me, begging me, whimpering my name..."
John's laptop is on the table and he boots it up and browses the web aimlessly as he finishes his breakfast, pointedly refusing to look at Sherlock again. Sherlock eventually gets bored and wanders off into his strange, little bedroom just off the kitchen, John's gaze following his arse as he walks away. He emerges from his bedroom a few minutes later, minus his t-shirt, with a dark blue towel slung over one shoulder. John glances up at the movement and his eyes stick like glue to Sherlock’s naked torso (
He let himself in to the building with the virtual key Onira-Tech had created for him. He took a deep breath before mounting the seventeen stairs to the flat he and John shared.
John frowns more deeply, his eyes involuntarily closing as Sherlock dips his head and scrapes his teeth against the stubble on his neck. He tries to suppress a shudder, but Sherlock knows, he knows him. Every pin-point accurate touch is like fire coursing through his body and he's powerless to resist the heat between them.
Sherlock frowns, as though uncertain of what to say. John shakes his head and turns, walking back the way he came. A detached part of John registers the pain in his thigh and notes that his limp is back. Great. Just great.
"Are you going to call him?" Sherlock says, smirking unkindly, clearly expecting an answer in the negative.
someone. At best, this could be a very interesting night, at worst it will be confirmation of John’s suspicion that he’s not so much bisexual as Sherlock-sexual.
"I would never think less of you for feeling the same," John said quietly. "If we'd been together..."
John watches him for a few moments before clearing his throat quietly. Sherlock whirls, suddenly animate, and smiles at John.
Sherlock closed his eyes, listening to John's breathing, enjoying the weight of the head against his shoulder. He turned his head, pressing his nose into John's hair, breathing in the scent of him.
"What do you want me to say?" John asks slightly awkwardly, walking over to the window, draping his coat over the back of his chair.
..." John groans, half-turning, his forehead resting against the wall as he strokes his dick harder.
"So, what, you're stalking me?" John demands, furious. Then he smiles, a bitter, angry smile. "Actually, I don’t know why I’m surprised by that."
"You look like you want to punch me. We could start with that, I suppose. You could hurt me a bit, then hold me down and take me. I can even struggle if that's something you'd like..."
He then plants each of his hands on John’s shoulders and starts riding him steadily, his eyes locked on John’s face. A faraway part of John's brain registers a twinge in his shoulder, but it's a very,
John sets his mouth into a determined, thin line, and calls Sherlock’s phone again. Straight to voicemail, again. This time he leaves a message. "Sherlock, it’s John. John Watson, remember me? Your err... flatmate. If you could give me a call at your earliest convenience, I’d appreciate it, so I can stop imagining you dead in a ditch somewhere. Thanks."
"Nope, I'm good," John says quickly, frowning as he backs toward the door, bumping into the door frame in his haste to get away. "G'night."
He'd been half-convinced it had been a deception, that they'd somehow used the Sherlock he'd created in Reverie to trick him into leaving. The face of the man leaning over the bed was covered in stubble, and too-thin, and worried, but unmistakeably Sherlock.
A couple of hours later, John’s on his fourth pint and he’s made a new friend. His name’s Gabe and he’s from Spain. He has longish, black, wavy hair and the darkest brown eyes John has ever seen. He’s as gay as the day is long and has been furnishing John with beers in a so-far-quite-successful attempt at seduction.
There is a silent pause for a few moments, then John opens his eyes and looks at Sherlock, standing in the doorway. He's looking remarkably well-groomed for somebody who has been missing for three days.
Sherlock smirks and joins John on the bed, lying on his side beside him, trailing his fingertips down the front of the t-shirt John sleeps in. John swallows, watching the pale hand slowly, slowly moving down his torso. His cock gives a highly interested twitch when he thinks about the possibility of Sherlock curling his long fingers around it.
John thrusts his hips experimentally, letting out a soft groan as his cock stutters and drags against Sherlock’s. It’s quite possibly the sexiest thing he’s ever seen, at the same time as being the most unexpected. John’s mouth waters at the sight of Sherlock’s thick, flushed cock head, pressed against his own.
"I believe that's known as 'breeding'," Sherlock breathed, matching John's urgent tone. "Fill me up, John, breed me."
, Sherlock. I don’t know what we are to each other, but it’s definitely not anywhere even close to that. I’m just a convenience. You’ve shown me that time and time again."
On the last day in hospital, Sherlock arrived with a McDonald's breakfast for John (sausage and egg mcmuffin, two hashbrowns, black coffee no sugar) and a coffee for himself. John favoured him with a sunny smile for a moment like he'd forgotten himself, and Sherlock basked in the glow of it, letting it warm his entire being.
Apparently satisfied, Sherlock returns his attention to the laptop, his fingertips flying over the keys, quietly clacking.
Sherlock's sudden interest in John had been confusing, certainly, but at the same time it had been highly flattering; that he was seemingly special enough to hold the interest of
"Mmm?" John said softly, his lips brushing against Sherlock's ear, sending sparks all down his right side.
Sherlock held John tight, lifting him and moving from the armchair to the sitting room floor, pressing John into the rug, without breaking the kiss. John's legs were still parted around his hips and he groaned loudly into the kiss as Sherlock thrust against him.
"Yes, I did. And a certain part of your anatomy seems to appreciate that rather a lot," Sherlock muses, grinding his groin against John’s. "I hadn't envisaged you being quite so willing in light of our earlier conversation..."
male," John says with a small, slightly wistful smile which Sherlock sees, reflected in the glass of the cab window.
Sherlock's response is a low groan and a quick shove forward to take John deep into his mouth again. This time, John's fingers tighten in Sherlock's hair, stopping his movement. Sherlock's lips tighten around John's shaft and he sucks hard, his cheeks hollowing as his head is slowly pulled back.
John dipped his head again, licking Sherlock roughly, once, from tailbone to testicles. Sherlock's whole body arched in response.
"I get it. You got caught up. But do you have any idea how scared I was? Would it have killed you to text me?"
Sherlock moves closer still, his lips only fractions of an inch away from John’s. John unconsciously parts his lips, breathing out gently through his mouth.
John shrugs angrily into his jacket and heads for the stairs. Sherlock catches his arm, stopping him.
"Of course. But I think we both need some space. A buffer," Sherlock said. "This is so fragile, so delicate, and I'm desperate not to shatter it."
"No, no fault. All diagnostics optimal," the engineer said, confused. "You're sure it malfunctioned?"
Sherlock keeps hold of both John's hands, pressing them against the fridge door at his sides as he slowly bobs his head, taking John's cock as deep as he can, then pulling back, sucking hard. The rhythm isn't as punishing as it started out, but it's quickly driving John out of his mind.
John brushed one thumb gently along Sherlock's bottom lip and Sherlock's mouth fell open, inviting. John took his lips in a kiss that wasn't at all like Sherlock was expecting; he thought it would be hard and demanding, macho and manly, a contest, a struggle. Instead what he was getting was... cherished. John's mouth was soft and gentle, the kiss almost chaste, John breathing softly between his parted lips.
"I'm not sorry I saved your life," Sherlock said quietly, looking down at his hands. "I am sorry that I didn't realise how I'd hurt you."
"I can barely... breathe, Sherlock," John manages, gooseflesh spreading all up the left side of his body.
He held out his hand for her to shake. She took it almost automatically and he favoured her with a dazzling smile, his dark eyes full of playfulness. He also didn’t let go of her hand.
When he rounds a corner and finds Sherlock leaning against a wall, he isn't even slightly surprised. The mind-reading sociopath hadn’t followed him, but had deduced where he would run to instead, of course he had. He'd known where John's subconscious would lead him. He knew that he'd purposefully avoid the obvious route and had worked out the route he'd take instead.
"I told myself that I'd never act on it, that it was enough to just keep you close to me, and it was for a while. But it grew inside me, this desire, and finally I couldn’t hide it anymore. I needed you, I wanted you and I had to have you. I craved you. I still do."
John isn’t comforted by this news, or even sure if Mycroft is just saying that to make him feel better. It doesn't seem like something Mycroft would do, but John isn't sure of anything at the moment.
"I don't have that switch in my head," John says. "I can't just turn off... the way I feel about you."
"I suppose the facsimile was based on me as I appear to the outside world to an extent. The Reverie system takes data from social media, from blogs, from news, from websites, and... the person I am online is different to the person I am with you," Sherlock said. "Or the person I
"It seems that there'll be something of an international incident if you don't," Charlie said. "I've got the UK government breathing down my neck."
The John in his arms shifted slightly, his lips brushing lightly against Sherlock's throat before firming into slow, moist, lingering kisses. Sherlock let out a soft groan and clutched at John's back helplessly, lost in sensation.
There's no denying the fact that Sherlock is a remarkable man. He has a kind of cold charisma which intrigues John. Sherlock can be positively charming and, well,
A small, hysterical part of John almost laughs at the sound of Sherlock's clipped, proper voice saying the word 'cock'.
"Are we going to have the condom conversation again?" Sherlock asked, his tone of voice telling John exactly how that conversation would go.
John isn’t really sure he’s attracted to Gabe, but he looks into his dark eyes for a moment before murmuring, "Go ahead."
"Ex-army doctor, became something of a PI on his medical discharge from service, his detective partner committed suicide... 18 months ago... in a swirl of controversy over claims he'd in fact orchestrated the crimes he'd solved," Charlie read from a dossier. "No information available after the suicide. Dr Watson became a ghost."
Sherlock sheds his coat, drapes it lovingly over a chair and crouches to look at the body more closely, his head tilted to the side. He moves to his hands and knees and John is absolutely not staring at his arse in any way, shape or form. He steadfastly refuses to notice the way the expensive material tightens over surprisingly rounded arse cheeks and he definitely doesn't find a tingle starting down low in his abdomen as he looks. Er.
The next morning, the first thing he does upon waking is check his phone for texts. None have arrived overnight. He frowns at his phone as though blaming it for the lack of a response from his AWOL flatmate. He texts him again, a slightly less cool 'Where the hell are you?' He stares at his phone for a good ten minutes, a gnawing feeling growing in his gut with each passing one.
Wordlessly, breathlessly, helplessly, John nods, just a slight movement of his head. Sherlock smiles, a triumphant, slightly wolfish smile, then moves his head forward, running the cool tip of his nose lightly up the front of John's shaft. John breathes out heavily, his hands tightening slightly on Sherlock's shoulders.
"Yes, John?" Sherlock says, clearly trying to sound calm and in control and failing miserably, his voice coming out rough and needy.
He never used to be the type to run away. He used to be the stoic, steadfast, staying-til-the-bitter-end type, but a lot of things have changed recently. He doesn't look at himself the same way anymore.
By the end of the first day, John's a bit concerned, so he texts Sherlock. He plays it cool, just asking him if he'll be in for dinner. He sits his phone on the sofa beside him, watches QI on Dave and pretends he's not waiting for Sherlock's reply. He still hasn't received a response by the time he goes to bed, quite late that night. He falls into bed with a heavy sigh of annoyance.
He pushed up out of the chair and walked into the kitchen, through the narrow hall and into Sherlock's bedroom without another word. Sherlock put his tea aside and his head in his hands.
"Tony, you know. Peters," John clarifies. When Sherlock is still looking confused, he shakes his head, smiling fondly, and adds, "
John's toast is halfway to his mouth when Sherlock murmurs, "I've been using it to listen to you at night."
When he points this out, Sherlock smirks and says something about liking to see John on his knees, which makes John blush bright pink, stumble over his own feet and then flee the room, Sherlock's amused gaze and Lestrade's shocked one following him.
John let out a long breath, just standing and watching. "You look like a cross between Michelangelo's David and a wet dream."
The danger is part of it. He knows how dangerous it could be, letting Sherlock in, giving an emotionally stunted self-declared sociopath the power to really hurt him, a power nobody else has ever held. He knows, but his hands are steady if a bit sweaty, his body is flooded with adrenaline and he wouldn’t dream of ever saying anything but
Sherlock huffed, irritated, "To the trained eye there is as much difference between the black ash of a Trichinopoly and the white fluff of Bird’s Eye as there is between a cabbage and a potato."
John stays in his bedroom for the rest of the day, reading, napping and generally avoiding Sherlock. He knows Sherlock will see right through him the instant their eyes meet, and the thought terrifies him; that Sherlock will know what he’s done, what he feels, what he wants, just by looking at him, and then...
"Oh yes, it enabled me to get the drop on Sebastian Moran. He was too busy doing whatever people do in a 'Dark Reverie' to know he wasn't alone. Never even felt my blade."
"I caught up with him in South America. He'd led me on a merry chase across four continents over the course of eight weeks. I'd thought I was close a couple of times, only to be foiled by booby traps and red herrings. I located him in a Sinaloa cartel compound in Guatemala."
He wonders if he might be falling in love with Sherlock. Then he realises how ridiculous the notion of falling in love Sherlock is; He suddenly knows he fell months ago. The realisation hits him like a punch to the gut. The running around after him, the running out on dates with Sarah, the eagerness to be at his beck and call: it all makes sense. He's utterly smitten, isn't he? Utterly smitten and doomed.
"True, but he has a reason to come home now," Mycroft says, a slight, polite smirk curling his lips. "Unless my sources are mistaken as to the nature of his... attachment to you."
"John Watson!" she shouted breathlessly, and saw the man stop and turn back, a furious smile on his face.
Sherlock glances back over his shoulder, looking supremely uninterested, and grunts quietly before turning his head back to the wall.
John walks out, stomping up the stairs. Sherlock stares blankly at the empty kitchen, wondering how he could possibly have missed all of this.
," John groaned, his hands moving to rest on Sherlock's hips, his thumbs moving over Sherlock's skin and smearing traces of sticky lube.
Sherlock stared for a long moment, unable to parse what he was seeing. John. In his bed. As Sherlock watched, John rolled over onto his side and looked up at him sleepily.
"I haven’t laid a hand on you," Sherlock says, and his voice is so damned reasonable that John has a not-entirely-irrational urge to punch him as hard as he can.
He was still rubbing, rubbing, rubbing, and Sherlock was swivelling his hips, shamelessly grinding on John's hand and running his own hands over his chest.
Once the doctor was gone, John settled back into the bed. He didn't turn the television on, sitting there in silence with Sherlock in his customary visitor chair. Sherlock could see John working up to saying something and felt dread in the pit of his stomach, anticipating disaster.
," Sherlock groaned, his body jerking, grabbing at his thighs just behind the knees and hugging them to his chest.
Sherlock took John's hand in his and squeezed it gently before bringing it to his mouth, kissing his fingers. John watched, his lips parted, still panting.
"There you have it, John," the facsimile said, gesturing at the real Sherlock. "He must be the real Sherlock because, as you have insisted on numerous occasions, nobody other than me has any interest whatsoever in that monograph."
John slowly moved back to pushing and pulling, fucking Sherlock with his fingers but avoiding his prostate. Sherlock regained the power of speech.
"I’m not starting anything," Sherlock says, frowning at John's defensive posture. John realises what he's doing and shifts in his seat, uncrossing his arms.
"I'm not entirely sure how these things are supposed to work, but yes, I think you need to. I'm given to understand that it's the done thing."
"I’ve been thinking about you," Sherlock informs him, holding John's sheet and blankets and therefore, body, down tightly.
Just thinking about that look sends a shiver through John's body and he starts stroking his cock in earnest.
John's imaginary Sherlock is not overly well-hung. His cock is similar in size to John's own; adequate but not intimidating. A small part of John's brain is amused by this concession to male vanity, even as he starts slowly jerking himself off.
John closes his eyes and slides one hand blindly up under his spare pillows on the unused side of his bed. His fingers touch the casing of his fleshlight and he swallows, closing his hand around it. He slowly pulls it out from under the pillows, then turns onto his side, looking at it.
John clears his throat quietly and doesn't confirm or deny the raging hard-on he's currently sporting.
"How do you... ah... do that?" John breathes as Sherlock pushes the t-shirt up and off, over his head, tossing it carelessly off the side of the bed.
"That's not the point! I thought you were dead. It properly fucked me up for a long time, Sherlock. You were
"For fuck's sake, Sherlock, so help me god," John gasped, stroking his cock faster, "if you don't get a fucking move on I'll go and raid your box and fuck myself right in front of you."
John let out a happy sigh, his breath shivering through Sherlock's hair, his hands slipping under Sherlock's coat, sending fire through his shirt, through his skin wherever he touched. This...
"You weren't using them," John murmured, slipping his free hand down past the side of his hip, pulling his right leg up, exposing himself in a way that had Sherlock digging his fingernails into his thighs. "Seemed a shame. And you did leave me
"I can burn this world you've created to the ground, John," Mara said, her hands shaking with adrenaline. "You know I can do that."
, John thinks as his head falls back against the fridge door. That thought is almost enough to do him in.
He lowered his head and looked at John, at the firelight flickering across his face, at his parted lips, at his hand, tight on his glass of whisky.
He rolls onto his front, trapping the fleshlight between the mattress and his body, closes his eyes, thrusts his hips and imagines he's fucking Sherlock from behind. Sherlock's making muffled grunting noises into the pillow, and he's
John watches the elder Holmes leave, then rubs his face tiredly. He presses the speed dial button on his phone assigned to Sherlock and listens as it goes straight to voicemail yet again. He ends the call and sighs heavily.
The facsimile maintained hard eye contact with Sherlock which he found a little confronting. He supposed he was feeling for the first time the way other people felt when dealing with him.
“Knowing that you were out there in the world, going on with your life, without me – it was painful, but it was the objective - that you go on. If you didn’t, nothing mattered; you had to survive me. If you’d been taken from me, really irrevocably
There's a momentary hint of uncertainty in the expression on Sherlock's face until John walks over to the cab. It makes something flutter inside John, and he reaches out to take Sherlock's hand in reassurance.
John hears the old pipes creak as the shower starts up and the Sherlock-Getting-Naked show starts up in his head again. He stares out the door into the hall without realising. When he realises what he's doing, he abruptly closes the lid of his laptop and walks decisively out of the sitting room, to the stair well, up the stairs, with the intention of going to his bedroom (at least, that’s what he tells himself). From halfway up the stairs he can see the bathroom door, which Sherlock has left invitingly half-open. He pauses, looking at the door, clutching the handrail.
After about a minute he has convinced himself it was just the old building settling in the night, or that he was hearing things. His mind is too relaxed and pleasantly sleepy to think about going to investigate. Soon after that he drifts into a comfortable, dreamless, satisfied sleep.
Sherlock makes a small, frustrated noise. "I've changed my mind - you shouldn't talk. Just listen..."
Sherlock breathed out through his nose, then nodded slowly. John paused for a long moment, his hand still clamped over Sherlock's mouth, then pulled away silently, seemingly satisfied. Sherlock watched John's silhouette picked out against his bedroom window as he stripped off the worn t-shirt he wore to bed. He could barely contain his excitement, his hands bunching in the sheets.
"A bone-deep hunger—excruciating, desperate, all-consuming," Sherlock said, his voice shaking. "And I still feel it, John, except now it's even worse because you're right here and
When he gets downstairs, he finds the flat empty. He calls Sherlock's name, frowning, before walking to his bedroom door. He knocks gently before pushing the door open on Sherlock's empty room. His frown deepens and he walks back into the kitchen.
John just gapes at him, speechless with disbelief at both Sherlock's casual misogyny and the insult he's just been slapped with. Sherlock takes this as a sign that the conversation is over and he is free to go back to his work. He returns his attention to his laptop.
John took a breath, squeezing his eyes closed, then looked at Sherlock again, fixing him with a hard stare.
"I deduced it, obviously. This world fluctuates around John's emotions and wants. I'm at least three inches shorter here than in the real world, for example, and he's at least two inches taller."
"You don't need to, John. You're an open book to me. I can read the sordid tale, writ large, all over your face."
"Cut the crap, Mara. I don't know how you've done this, but this is not funny. It's not fucking funny at all."
"It's all looking really good, Dr Watson. You'll continue physiotherapy after discharge, but I think you'll only be here another couple of days at the most."
John lies in bed for several hours, wide awake, lights off, curled up on his side under the covers. He watches the red LED display of his clock as it changes from 11:56 to 11:57. He listens to the sounds of the building, of the traffic outside, of the city. Everything takes on a muted tone in his room, the world outside his door and window muffled, distant and remote.
John is just about to make a snappy reply when Sherlock lets out a loud moan. John swallows thickly.
She mentally shook herself, realising she was flirting with a non-playing character. A rather attractive NPC, but an NPC nonetheless.
The empty ache in his gut was intolerable,  spreading through his whole body, his limbs feeling weighed down with it. Not knowing how it could be between them had been a sweet torture, but having tasted John's mouth, heard his sighs, been held in his arms, was somehow so much worse.
When they reached the room, Sherlock helped John to the bed and leaned in, helping him lie down. John didn't remove his arm from around Sherlock's shoulders and they paused for a long moment, Sherlock above John, looking down into his eyes. John's lips parted on a breath and he licked his bottom lip briefly, looking at Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock froze, not daring to breathe, but then John released him and he moved to his seat, his heart pounding like he'd run a race.
Sherlock bit his bottom lip as hard as he could, fighting to keep his hips still as John breathed through the burn.
"Straight as an arrow," John murmurs, deftly stepping out of Sherlock's way. "Straight as a... as a very straight thing."
John closes his eyes, to better visualise those full lips dragging on his skin, puckering slightly around his cock as he fucks Sherlock’s mouth. John freezes as he hears what sounds like a moan coming from the bathroom. He breathes out unsteadily when a second moan follows the first, silently thanking Mrs Hudson for her thin-walled house, thanking shoddy builders through the ages, thanking the architect of the universe for throwing his life into the path of this impossible madman.
Sherlock kisses John for a long time after that. How could he not? When they finally pause for breath, they have lost two hours, three buttons between them and John’s phone somewhere in the couch. John is on his back, pressed into the seat of the couch with Sherlock lying atop him, their legs tangled and their lips tingling. John has learned that Sherlock’s body is not nearly so bony, uncomfortable and cold as he’d thought it would be – quite the opposite, actually - and Sherlock has made the surprising discovery about himself that he enjoys cuddling and being cuddled, although he would deny it if anyone asked him. They lie there together, catching their breath, lips brushing softly every now and then, sharing a smile upon catching one another’s eye.
Sherlock groaned and shook his head, pressing his face harder into the pillow and pushing back against the pressure John was applying.
Mara was just starting to really enjoy herself, commencing her fifth bank holdup of a planned series of ten, when one of the waiting customers tackled her as she pulled out her gun. The man wrestled her to the ground, knocking the pistol from her grasp and the wind from her lungs. She struggled against his surprisingly strong grip and gasped as he pulled off her ski mask.
"That's worrying," Sherlock said, frowning. "I must have left a trail. Perhaps it webcrawled and found the data."
Gabe steals one more heated kiss which rapidly spirals out of control, Gabe practically straddling John in his enthusiasm. John breaks off the kiss and looks up into Gabe's eyes, breathing unsteadily.
"I’m not going to stop wanting this, John, so you’re going to need to get used to it," Sherlock continues. "Every time I look at you, I’ll be thinking about all the things I want to do
Sherlock pulled abruptly away from John, then shoved back a little too hard, causing them both to whimper.
"You used to always deny it," Sherlock says as John sits down in his chair with tea and toast the next morning.
John took the head of Sherlock's cock into his mouth again, teasing the tip of his tongue through the slit.
"You know this isn't real. How could any of this possibly be real?" Mara said, indicating with her handcuffed hands the swarming police officers, the fire engines, the massive blaze the explosion had started on the second floor.
He moved through the kitchen which was spotlessly clean, no microscope on the table, no scientific equipment of any kind on any surface.
"It's out of our hands now, Mara," Paul said. "We're getting heat from all directions—our government, the board, the military—I don't know who this Mycroft Holmes man is, but it seems rather like, for all intents and purposes, he
"I'll get you a glass of water. Get some rest," Sherlock said, and left the room, pausing just outside the door with his hands clenched into fists and his eyes squeezed closed, desperate to re-enter the room and take what he wanted: touch John, hold him,
Time stops for John, his body teetering on the edge of orgasm. All that exists for John is his cock and Sherlock's mouth, his helpless need and Sherlock's relentlessness. John's world goes white and then his hips jerk forward, his dick pulsing in Sherlock's mouth, flooding it with his seed. His whole body trembles as Sherlock drags him to his release, his hands clinging to Sherlock's, crying out his name without realising, then whispering it like a prayer as he comes down, his eyes still closed, his head still leaning back against the door.
John finished physiotherapy a little shaky, covered in sweat, and gave Sherlock a grim smile when he saw the awed look on his face.
"All right, all right," John said, and crawled back onto the bed, up over Sherlock's body. Sherlock's hands moved to the pillow as John straddled one of his thighs, bringing their faces close. He could feel John's cock pressing against his femoral artery. So close.
Sherlock was simultaneously relieved at John's recovery and fearing the moment he'd leave the hospital. What would happen then? There was no way to deduce—John wasn't giving anything away, likely intentionally.
John's hands smoothed over his chest, his fingertips teasing Sherlock's nipples before taking them in a hard pinch which had Sherlock arching into his touch, groaning into John's mouth, his eyes opening with shock.
Sherlock stares back at John for a few moments in stunned silence. He draws breath to speak - John shakes his head and turns to head for the stairs to his bedroom.
for during eighteen months of absence. The man who had changed his life in ways he couldn't begin to quantify.
"On the contrary..." Sherlock starts, but he never gets to finish his sentence, as John is already out the door.
Late morning the next day, John wakes up alone. The other side of the bed is cold when he slides his hand across the rumpled, untucked sheet. He frowns slightly as he rolls onto his back and looks at the ceiling.
him. He pressed a kiss to John's hair, his heart breaking a little, longing for that kind of ease between them.
Mycroft re-entered the room with a terrified-looking engineer who took the Reverie tablet from Sherlock and started tapping away at it.
"I'm not happy about releasing 2.0 to a representative of a foreign power," Alexis said. "The ethical ramifications of 2.0 in someone else's hands could be... not-great is an understatement. This is a lesson we've already learned, isn't it?"
Sherlock brushes his mouth against John’s frown, is completely unable to resist the urge to smooth it away with his lips.
," John groans as his cock erupts over his hand, his body shuddering violently, hips thrusting out of his control. He hasn’t had a solo orgasm this intense in as long as he can remember and he strokes himself for much longer than he usually would, because it’s just too good to stop; the aftershocks wracking his body, the images in his mind...
Mara was mystified as to why someone with all the power of Reverie at their disposal would choose to play not the dashing hero, but his sidekick. Sensing her moment to approach, Mara weaved her way through the gathering crowd.
Four long hours later, Sherlock smiled to himself as his bedroom door creaked slowly open. He stayed still, lying in the darkness. The right side of his bed dipped slightly as it accepted John's weight. Sherlock took a quiet breath to speak and found his mouth covered by John's strong right hand.
Sherlock squeezes John gently when he feels a series of gentle taps and pauses, made by John's index finger against his spine. A slow smile creeps across his lips.
"No, that's not what I mean," John said. "It's like... you're walking on eggshells around me, like you expect me to explode at any moment or something."
John is mostly relieved that whatever experiment Sherlock had attempted to involve him in seems to have run its course. Mostly, but there's a little bit of... regret? Is that the right word?
"No," John said, shaking his head quickly, an angry smile on his face. "That's a cop out and you know it. Tell me."
Sherlock chuckles softly and murmurs, "You should see me now, John. Covered in our seed, sweaty, debauched and decadent..."
"You're this sensitive and I haven't even touched your cock yet..." John mused, making Sherlock squeeze his eyes closed, trying to control his body's reaction to the promise in John's voice.
"He was the realest person I've ever known. And this Sherlock? He's real enough. I'll take him any way I can have him. Any small part of him I can have," John said. "You don't understand, you didn't know him. He was unique, and I'll never love like that again. I'll never..." John's voice cracked, and he looked away before continuing. "I'll never get over him, and I don't
John holds Sherlock until his breathing evens out, feeling like he’s just had sex for the first time. Like every other sexual experience he’s ever had was just foreplay. He feels thoroughly fucked and satisfied in a way he never has before. Except that he doesn’t, he wants to do it again. Over and over. (Forever).
Sherlock smiles a little and then he’s off to his bedroom in a swirl of blue silk dressing gown, leaving John clutching at the edge of the table, his heart pounding rapidly.
Sherlock ran across the street, narrowly missed by a passing cab, and unlocked the door to 221B. He ran up the stairs and paused in the sitting room doorway.
"No," Sherlock answers for him, "you haven't. But you like the idea of it, don't you? You like the idea of a part of me inside of you..."
Sherlock’s lips twitch, his eyes narrowing as he scrutinizes John’s facial expression; clearly reading John’s mind. Again.
John lets out a frustrated groan and lifts his upper body from the bed, pushing Sherlock back, finally getting his arms free. No sooner are his arms liberated than they're wrapped around Sherlock's lean body, pulling him close as John claims his mouth in a crushing kiss.
"Cut that out, you, or I'll just end up kissing that perfect fucking mouth all night," John faux-scolded.
"I could die, in here, with him," he said, jabbing a finger in Sherlock's direction. "We could go out together in a blaze of glory, like we should have. Find someone big and bad and solve the case and save the day. Or... we could... time has no meaning here. We could keep bees in Surrey and die of old age, we could do
Sherlock immediately thrust into the channel of John's fingers, almost dislodging John's cock from him.
The car Mycroft sent to pick them up from the hospital deposited them on the curb directly outside 221B, mid-afternoon. Mrs Hudson was waiting on the doorstep with tears in her eyes and held her arms out to John, taking him in a gentle hug.
John only bobbed his head five times, sucking inexpertly, his lips sliding wetly over the silken head, before Sherlock cried out, "Oh
. John doesn't think he's ever had a first kiss this good. He’s certainly never had one quite so pornographic, lips and teeth clashing in a struggle for dominance. Sherlock makes a tiny moaning noise as John takes control, flicking his tongue against Sherlock's lips, then prying insistently until he submits. Their tongues touch and they both groan wholeheartedly, the kiss deepening, their bodies moving together instinctively.
By the time he'd returned with a glass of water, John was fast asleep. He placed the glass on the bedside table and quietly left the room.
," John muttered and took Sherlock's cock into his mouth, Sherlock gasping and grabbing blindly at the bedhead.
John looked at Sherlock and shook his head a little as though trying to understand. Sherlock's face flushed red, his eyes still squeezed closed, and he said, "Now come on and fuck me, for god's sake, before I shake apart."
"No reason why you can't anyway..." John breathes, raising his head, trying to brush his lips against Sherlock's.
John’s knees still feel a bit weak half an hour later, as Sherlock examines the crime scene. He can’t stop staring at the hands which unzipped his jeans, at Sherlock’s hair, still tousled by passionate fingers, at the slightly-reddened lips which were so recently wrapped around his cock. At the mouth he came inside. The mouth which probably still tastes of John Watson.
no words for the feeling of being dead while being alive, moving through the world as a shadow, doing what needs to be done, and knowing that the one person who keeps you right would hate you if he knew."
"You look at me instead of your girlfriends when they're unfortunate enough to occupy the same room as me, and your body language is entirely focused on me: feet pointing in my direction, your head positioned so that I'm on your right-hand side at all times (you have slight hearing loss in your left ear, not enough to be noticeable to anyone but myself, including you, consciously at least), you half-listen to the mindless drivel your vapid conquests come out with, but always focus your full attention on what I have to say, a fact demonstrated by Whatshername's having left twenty seconds ago without your noticing."
"Not with our trousers on, it isn't," Sherlock breathed, then nipped a line of small, gentle bites down the side of John's neck.
"Agreed. He's been in longer than anyone in the history of Reverie," Paul said. "Force him to the mandala if you have to."
"I had handlers in place," Mycroft said. "A string of 'girlfriends' who John never kept around for long. Then neighbours. Mrs Hudson went abroad to visit her sister for a month, and the handlers took that as their cue to derelict their duty. The last handlers have been reassigned in light of the poor job they've done."
As he looks out the window of the taxi, trying to distract himself, John tries very hard but he can't stop picturing that arse. Remembering the way the cheeks clenched, tightening the fabric as Sherlock moved on his hands and knees. Imagining peeling down the expensive trousers and exposing those firm cheeks. Imagining biting them, licking them, running his hands over them. Imagining gently parting them and rubbing the head of his coc-
"Hi…" he breathes, his brow creasing in concentration, trying to ignore everything other than those pale eyes.
Sherlock shook his head slightly and reached for the bottle of lubricant, almost sending it flying in his eagerness. He squeezed more than he intended onto the tip of his cock, breathing out slowly as the cool gel started trickling down his hot skin. He put the bottle aside and stroked the liquid down his shaft, letting out a shivery breath. He then moved his fingertips to between John's parted legs, seeking and finding his target quickly. John breathed out heavily as Sherlock pressed against his entrance with a fingertip.
They rut against one another in the half-light, groaning and groping and devouring each other. John’s whole body craves Sherlock like a drug, like sustenance, like something he can’t be without. He wants to devour Sherlock, wants Sherlock inside him in the most urgent, desperate way, in a way he’s never felt before. He wants Sherlock in his blood, in his muscles, pumping through his veins, in his mouth, and in a place he
"If you think I didn't notice you've already raided my collection," Sherlock murmured, "you're mistaken."
The shorter of the two men looked at Mara, his gaze sweeping quickly from her face to her shoes and back again, eyes narrowed.
John went to walk toward Sherlock and stumbled slightly, Sherlock moving quickly to grab his biceps and steady him. Sherlock breathed in, getting a lungful of the fresh scent of John's sweat, and sighed softly. John froze, looking up at Sherlock.
John’s bed smells like Sherlock. He turns his head to the side, smelling his pillow, smelling Sherlock’s expensive shampoo, smelling sex, smelling arrogance. Okay, maybe not smelling arrogance, but all of the scents combine, triggering the memory of it.
"You needn't bother going after her, John. She left because she knows it's true, and you were thinking about finishing with her anyway.
Sherlock's voice cracked as John quickly breached him, then slowly pushed forward. Sherlock was pressing the side of his head into the pillow, looking back at John out of the corner of his eye, his mouth open in a soundless expression of wonder.
John's hands tightened on Sherlock's hips and his breathing quickened as he started fucking Sherlock steadily, pulling him back onto his thrusting cock. Sherlock moved his hands to grasp the top of the bedhead, his arm muscles tightening as he pushed back against John, groaning each time he was filled.
The covers slipped off John's bare shoulders and Sherlock found himself quite unable to breathe. He numbly reached out for the phone and gasped quietly as John, instead of handing him the phone, took hold of his wrist and pulled him down onto the bed. He didn't know how to react as John wrapped his bare arms around him and snuggled in close.
John walks for about ten minutes before making up his mind what he’s going to do. What he’s going to do is walk into the next pub he sees and get nicely, comfortably pissed.
Prominent on the bedside table is a pump bottle of lubricant. The top drawer of the bedside table is hanging very slightly open and John tells himself that he’s not going to look inside, but he just can’t resist. He pulls gently on the handle and the drawer slides open.
John groans into Gabe’s mouth, running his palms up the smooth silk of his shirt as he gently pushes him away.
"I'll give you a clue, shall I?" Sherlock practically singsongs down the line, clearly enjoying his game. "I'd only ever seen them on the internet... I could scarcely believe my luck when I crawled into your bed after you'd left and found it under your pillows..."
John has just started to take this as a very good sign when Sherlock shuffles down slightly, dips his head and starts kissing a chaotic, weaving trail up the exposed skin. John’s fingers thread gently into Sherlock’s dark hair, not pushing or pulling, just stroking his scalp. John is mesmerised, watching Sherlock’s pink lips moving over his slightly-tanned flesh. He shudders, thinking back to how they looked, stretched around his cock. His gaze moves to Sherlock’s eyes and he finds them looking steadily back at him.
After he hangs up, the reality of what he’s just said actually hits him. What if Sherlock really is... No. He won’t allow himself to think that. He’s going to stay angry at Sherlock until the daft bastard comes home. And he will come home. He will. And then John will yell at him, Sherlock will completely fail to apologise, and everything will go on as normal. It has to. It
"A conversation was what started all this. I’ve been trying to avoid an escalation in tensions by avoiding talking to you unnecessarily."
Sherlock's hands went to John's hips, holding him still while he pushed his own hips up, grinding the hard evidence of his enjoyment against John's body. Unable to speak, he merely kissed John again, his eyes falling closed as John took control of the kiss, forcing his head back.
, Sherlock thought as he rolled over and flicked on the bedside lamp. He fished in his bedside drawer and pulled out a foiled strip of six condoms and a tube of lubricant. He turned back to look at John, finding a small smile on his friend's lips. He gave John a questioning look.
"Apologies, Mr Holmes," Dague-Ross said, shooting Topher a warning look. "What my colleague means to say, is that the user knew the hazards involved in use of the system. All of our users do. He signed paperwork acknowledging those risks."
After his shower, John calls Sherlock’s phone. It goes straight to his (rather brusque) voicemail without ringing. He swears as he ends the call without leaving a message.
"You're picturing it, aren't you? All the obscene, wicked, deviant things I could be doing to myself right now..."
A cool, slick hand has taken hold of John’s cock again and is rubbing the head back and forth against the heated pucker of Sherlock’s entrance. John swallows convulsively, keeping his hips perfectly still, staring down at Sherlock’s cock and balls, then past to see his own shaft moving.
"Mmm. I trained myself out of it. Comes in very handy for swallowing keys, lock picks and the like," Sherlock says, his expression all innocence. "And for other things too, of course..."
He turned on his heel and walked briskly away, his taller colleague falling into step beside him. Mara tried to follow and was stopped by a handsome, somewhat worn-out looking, silver-haired police detective.
John pulled back and stroked Sherlock through a loud, shuddering orgasm, groaning in sympathy as Sherlock shot rope after rope of semen over his own body; his hips bucking wildly, John holding on to Sherlock's thigh with his free arm. He slowed his strokes as Sherlock's trembling subsided, his own heart pounding, his cock throbbing and hard in his pyjama trousers, trapped against the mattress.
John moved quickly, behind Sherlock, between his parted knees. He placed a hand on each of Sherlock's arse cheeks and parted them, exposing his puffy, winking hole. He let out a long, shuddering breath as he traced one fingertip around it.
"You can do anything you want to me, John. Have me any way you want me. My body is yours to do with as you wish," he breathed. "And not just for tonight. Any time, any way, anywhere.
"I would kill for you. I mean, I have killed for you, but I would do it again, without hesitation," John said. "I would kill every last fucker in this building to protect you."
"I am quite dubious as to the legality of a user consenting to 'risk of falling into a seemingly irreversible coma' whilst playing what is essentially a computer game," Mycroft Holmes said,  fixing Dague-Ross with a vaguely reptilian, piercing stare, that set his already-twitchy fight or flight instincts on edge.
"Good night, John," Sherlock practically purrs, turning onto his side on the sofa, looking up at him with what John would probably describe as longing, were the expression on any other face.
After a few long moments, John's arms tightened around Sherlock's body, stilling him. John's breaths puffed harshly against Sherlock's sweaty skin, pressing messy, lazy kisses to his back, tasting him with his tongue.
Sherlock felt his foolish, love-stricken heart sink as he read John's message. He tried not to let his hurt show, but he'd been so flayed-open by their moment in the virtual version of his bedroom that he couldn't hide anything from John—possibly not ever again. John stared him down as he left and the pain in John's eyes struck him right to his core.
Oh god, Sherlock's going to make him come. He should warn him, shouldn't he? He's afraid to speak in case it breaks the spell, in case words stop Sherlock from performing this magic with his mouth. But just coming in his mouth without warning seems a bit rude...
Somewhere in the deepest recesses of his mind, Sherlock has latched onto this impression of John, printed him out like an image on tracing paper and let him slip through doors which are shut less firmly than usual, is holding him up to the light and watches the sun fade him in and out.
location. He imagines he is probably giving away all sorts of things in so few words, divulging the sordid details of the last few weeks to his older brother in the numbers and letters. Can he tell that Sherlock was high not an hour ago? Can he tell that his skin feels as thought it’s stretched too thin, like his bones are too big and he hates, hates,
Yana says nothing, but the subtle tightening in her jaw is answer enough. He imagines she has played through several scenarios in her mind, weighed them each in turn and dismissed some out of hand. Given the severity of his crimes against her, it’s likely she’s latched onto one of great violence. Not some simpering poisoner, this girl. She’s envisioned one which will cause him great suffering, that that will coalesce with her standing over him in his final moments as he watches helplessly, succumbing to death and seeing that she is the one who sent him there.
This is when he remembers why he doesn't do this. Why it really is such a terrible thing to give in to temptation.
There are slight differences to what John remembers, of course. His hair is shorter, for one, shorn closer to the scalp, curls packed tight to his skull. They bounce a bit when he twists his head to the side, that long neck pulled taught. His lips aren’t as full, mouth not quite as wide. But that smile is a devious one, and that’s all that really matters.
A short, sharp nasty bark of a laugh. Anton has pulled his mouth away from his wife’s chest long enough to cast an inebriated but forceful punch at his brother’s arm.
Yana lets go of his arm the minute they are through the door and sits on the edge of the mattress. Sherlock swallows and turns around.
“They are the most extraordinary colour,” Mihael says. He doesn’t seem to have noticed Sherlock’s slip. Or cared. “How do you say, they are…blue?”
“You are not from here,” he tell hers. “You’re Slovenian. You were born in Raka but your family moved to Radeče when you were young. You’re an only child. Your father worked as a mechanic and you helped him with repairs until you went away to school.”
He will admit to being slightly impressed that she does not deny it. When she continues to stay silent and simply stare at him, hardly blinking, his intrigue grows.
help you. She’ll teach you how to survive. She’ll teach you how to control those who would seek to control you.”
And then he's moving, slinking his pale skinny body down John's like a coiled snake, hands pressed to John's legs spayed wide, pushing up so his fingers rest on the juncture between thigh and groin. He looks up at John as he reaches for the zipper, fingers teasing across the hardening bulge and, god, it's all too much. John closes his eyes. He reminds himself that he isn't doing anything wrong here, not really, other than the obvious. This boy makes his living by fulfilling the fantasies of men not half as old as John, not half as generous. Whatever scars will be made from this encounter are John's to bear, alone, with as much history and conviction and love as the knife that wields them.
Yana is waiting for him in the kitchen, drying her hands with a cloth towel. She’s kept kept the knife on her person, hidden it away inside the folds of her dress, and aside from a red spot on her collarbone looks otherwise clean. She’s holding her shoes in one hand and set of car keys in the other.
at it.” His eyes rove over Sherlock’s body. “I am good at it. Right, Yana?” He gives his girlfriend a rough shake. She nods her head obediently. “You are skinny. Yana is skinny. She is like you.”
“She is beautiful girl,” Anton continues dispassionately. “She is lonely though, I think. You never pay her any attention anymore since Stefan came to us. Are you lonely, Yana?”
“So many things could have been different,” he whispers. “Do you know that? Do you have any idea what we’ve lost?”
“Milan.” Her voice is surprisingly mature for someone so slight. Based on her appearance, Sherlock had expected a childish tenor. “They said I would be a model.”
John swallows, brings his hand up and cups the back of the boy's head, runs his fingers through the dark curls, moving him so he looks right into those eyes. Not quite as brilliant, not quite as
. The banter, the arguing back and forth. He truly has missed this, more than he ever thought he might.
When Yana leaves he stands alone in the kitchen. It will be tomorrow before someone from the SIC comes to look for Mihael; Anton will assume that he went alone to exchange the memory stick, will only hear of his failure to appear late in the evening, will call his phone and assume he is being petulant when he receives no answer. He won’t come directly, he’s too arrogant to interrupt his schedule, but when Mihael fails to appear at the usual time for their morning meeting he’ll send someone along to check the flat.
John expression is exasperated. He sighs, like he can’t believe he has to say it aloud. “You’re not going to sleep with her, are you?”
Yana remains slumped against Mihael’s side and doesn’t respond, though her fingers twitch where they rest in her lap. Her hair is hanging heavy in front of her face, obscuring her eyes from view.
“Carotid artery, yes. The skin is thinner there than you might think. Once you start the process you must not stop. Do it quickly, and do it hard. There will be a lot of blood so stand behind the sofa if possible, so you don’t get sprayed. Do not hesitate.”
He walks by her to kitchen counter and tears off the corner of an old takeaway advert. Some rummaging in a drawer unearths a pen, which he then uses to scribble a phone number on the page. She sets the car keys down and cautiously accepts the bit of paper from him.
"You alright, love?" Other than his face, the boy is as suave as ever, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. John nods.
Sherlock looks up at not-John through his too-long hair. He thinks about Baker Street, about two chairs and Union Jack throw pillows and foyer hallway upstairs downstairs. He thinks about experiments in the kitchen and toast with jam that is only edible when John makes it and is like swallowing ashes, otherwise. He does not think about his body and how much it aches, about how he’s in so much pain without the drugs to keep him going that it’s hard to wake up, how he is no better than a wind-up toy and it’s all he can do some days to wind himself up and let himself loose in the right direction.
-  reaches forward and accepts the small plate of white powder that Anton passes his way. He snorts it, feels it connect like a livewire directly to his brain.
The boy's eyes widen slightly, real innocence or feigned John can't tell, and looks down their bodies to where their groins are pressed together, dark denim against bronzed skin, a swath of gold where the deep blue of John's shirt has risen up to expose a bit of his stomach.
"You sure? Really, I don't mind." He smirks, overtly ogling John's bare stomach, his strong thighs. "I'll even give you a discount."
He’s spent quite a bit of time making out a space especially for all these Johns in his mind palace, had rendered it with meticulous detail to match the sitting area of Baker Street. It has been a comfort of sorts to know that should he ever require him there he would be, sitting cross legged in his chair, a newspaper in hand. The fact that Sherlock can see him now is terrifying, just a bit. It’s a sign that his grip on reality is growing tenuous. It undermines his control, and control is what Sherlock aims to maintain in all things, always. His mind is his greatest asset, after all. This is a sign that he is slipping, and he cannot afford to slip up right now.
Someone is playing music outside, some electronic garbage that grates on his nerves like cold air on an exposed tooth. It mingles with the sounds of sniffing. Sherlock takes another bump. He learned early on that in the presence of the Tsvetkov brothers, everyone partakes. Everyone indulges.
, all the things John has tried to bury under miles and months and righteousness and anger and hate.
“No,” he admits. The possibilities are endless, aren’t they? The gulf between what is and what might have been can swallow the world. “But I would have liked to have found out.”
All too soon, John was pulling him off, Sherlock fighting against John's grip, hissing as John pulled his hair harder, his body feeling energised by the struggle.
"Oh for fuck's sake..." John muttered, looking between the two Sherlocks with an annoyed expression. "That information is all public record. Tell me something the internet doesn't know. That
The facsimile of himself gave a patently false smile and gestured to the 'client' chair sitting equidistant to the two armchairs.
"And you like that, don't you?" Sherlock murmurs against his lips, before kissing him fleetingly, barely a kiss at all.
"Please for the love of god don't ever admit that to him," Sherlock said. "I'll never hear the end of it."
John fought through the physiotherapy with the same determination as the previous sessions. The physiotherapist was pleased with the progress he'd made in such a short time. Nonetheless, John was wiped out afterwards, falling into a doze in the car on the way home from the appointment.
"I expect you to stay," Sherlock says without hesitation, pulling back to look down at John. "Stay with me."
He’s shaken by his reaction to having thought he’d seen Sherlock. The immense relief, followed by a sick feeling in his stomach when it wasn’t him after all. It's not how he should feel about a flatmate, or even a friend. He’s realised just how much he misses Sherlock, and it’s thrown him for a loop. Previously to today, he’d thought that Sherlock wouldn’t survive two days without John to look after him; now he realises that the relationship is far more complicated than that. He needs Sherlock just as Sherlock needs him.
," Sherlock said. "The pull toward you is so strong that if I come any closer, I doubt I'll be capable of holding back."
"I'm afraid I must be honest and disclose that it has been necessary to conceal certain things from you during your... holiday... to enable you to focus on the task at hand."
John slapped Sherlock's arse gently and walked off toward the bathroom. Sherlock followed, revelling in seeing John stark naked, walking around like that was something they did all the time. Once they were cleaned up, John went into the bedroom and Sherlock went via the kitchen to get John a glass of water.
Sherlock roughly grabs hold of John's short, sandy hair, pulls his head back and studies his face; cheeks flushed, lips parted and swollen from being kissed, a delicious sheen of sweat on his skin, desire obvious in his dilated pupils and the slightly-feral look on his face. Something unreadable flashes across Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock smiles, a small, fond smile. "Modest, yes. Understated, certainly. A little sycophantic at times..."
It was a betrayal Sherlock felt keenly. The delayed guilt gnawed at his insides, intermingling with other emotions he was accustomed to suppressing. But now, being here with John, and seeing what he had done to himself without Sherlock to give him purpose, caused Sherlock a pain unlike any he had ever felt.
"I'd probably be dead if it wasn't for Mycroft. He's the one who found me. He visited from time to time, after... After," John said. "We've become friends."
Sherlock smiles breathlessly as he moves against John, "I wonder how tight your virgin body will be for me..."
," John said between sucking kisses to Sherlock's shaft. "I wouldn't want to fuck you if you weren't that into it. But you are
"He's using the system to resurrect his dead friend. This could be even more challenging than we initially thought," Paul mused, rubbing a hand over his stubbled jaw.
"Just after you go to bed, and just before you go to sleep..." Sherlock continues, conversationally. "It's surprising how much one can hear through the walls, even in a building as old as this one..."
He gave her a decisive nod and walked off, sliding into the cab beside Sherlock. As the door closed, Mara saw Sherlock take John's hand. Mara watched them go.
Sherlock’s cleaned it. John’s a little disappointed if he’s honest with himself. The fleshlight has the anal sleeve in it; it’s the one John prefers lately, and as he slips his fingertip inside it he smiles a little despite himself. Sherlock has lubricated it, ready for John to use.
Sherlock bows his head, resting his forehead against the front of John's left thigh. John doesn't know exactly why, but it feels like an apology. John threads his fingers into the back of Sherlock's hair, rubbing his scalp gently with his fingertips, hoping to convey some sort of acceptance. They stay like that for a while before they're jolted by the front door's slam and Lestrade's pounding steps on the stairs.
John stands awkwardly in the doorway for a few moments more, being ignored, before walking into the kitchen with the intention of making tea.
John arrives home that night a little before midnight and almost has the life frightened out of him when he turns on the sitting room light and Sherlock is just... there.
Sherlock watched as John squeezed a large amount of the thick lube onto his fingertips. John shuffled a little closer and Sherlock gasped as the cold gel touched his hot skin. John wasted no time in working a finger inside of Sherlock who just watched him, his eyes slightly unfocused, his hips undulating slowly in time with the invading digit. A second finger joined the first and Sherlock held his breath, trying to push down, trying to take both fingers deeper.
"You're a doctor, John," Sherlock breathed without a trace of conviction, his eyes running greedily over John's body. "This is very irresponsible."
"No, John," Sherlock said. "If I've proven anything, it's that I can't be trusted near you, half-asleep in my bed."
"I'm a relationship nightmare, you realise. Eyeballs in the microwave, dead squirrels in the bath..."
Sherlock grinned madly as John took his cock in his hand and reached for his hair with the other, tangling his fingers in dark curls as he brought Sherlock's open mouth down on his iron hard cock. Sherlock groaned as John filled his mouth, the texture, the taste, the smell, the sounds he made, more intoxicating than any drug. Sherlock bobbed his head slowly, savouring the cock in his mouth, moaning and looking up at John.
"Fuck me, John. I want you inside me..." Sherlock groans out, and John can hear his exertion in his voice.
Returning to Baker Street had been surreal after having been there so recently in a virtual world. John was still in hospital when Sherlock walked into the sitting room for the first time in eighteen months. Very little had changed in their flat—it was as though John had kept it as a shrine to their life together. The thought caused an uneasy, guilty feeling in his stomach.
John's hand lets go of the toast, seemingly of its own free will, and curls into a loose fist. His heart is pounding: fight or flight.
John spends the early afternoon on his laptop, searching the internet for any sign of Sherlock. There have been no updates to Sherlock's website, no posts on the internet forums he haunts, no snarky comments on John's blog... No sign of him at all.
"No idea. I can't think of anyone who'd do a better job than you," Paul said, with a small smile at Mara, which she returned.
, you bring to my life. I carried you like a phantom limb, like a scar on my... on my heart," Sherlock says, looking away again, obviously uncomfortable with the metaphor but unable to express himself in any other way. "I walked through the world as half a man, haunted by the ghost of the man you made me. Mourning my best friend, my
He couldn't understand how this was happening, why the program had put him in a fantasy of his own creation, rather than taking him to John's Reverie. He could only assume something had gone wrong. Suddenly he understood how Reverie had proven so addictive for so many users. He could stay here, with this version of John, in this perfect world where he was loved and could love in return, forever.
"I bided my time, tailing him, unseen, undetected. I made my move when he visited a local brothel. Once he had... finished... and the professional of whose services he'd availed himself had left the room, I crept up behind and garotted him, almost severing his head."
He groans softly and pushes his hips up, grinding his hardening dick up against Sherlock's abdominal muscles. John hears his breath catch; it's clear that Sherlock wants this as badly as he does. John parts his knees and Sherlock takes the hint, slides up his body, resting between his thighs.
Dague-Ross spoke, cutting off any ill-advisedly casual explanation Topher might be about to issue, "He clearly has no intention of self-awakening, so he'll stay in a coma and waste away. He might already be past the point of being able to self-awaken. Eventually we won't be able to get him back. And then he'll die."
When he arrived the next morning, John wasn't in his bed. Sherlock had a moment of abject terror, standing stock-still in the doorway, frozen, imagining deep vein thrombosis, stroke and cardiac arrest. Then he heard the toilet flush, and then John's customary surgical attention-to-detail hand washing, and felt his body unclench incrementally.
John has no idea what he’s doing, so he does what he enjoys women doing to him. It’s a bit different, with Sherlock being uncircumcised, but the principle is the same. He pulls the foreskin back gently and takes the head of Sherlock’s cock carefully into his mouth, his lips covering his teeth. He flicks his tongue through the slit in the tip and Sherlock lets out an almost inaudible moan, so John assumes he must be doing something right.
John nipped Sherlock's bottom lip to regain his attention, then took his lips in a kiss completely unlike their first.
"No you didn't, you asked if I thought having sex together would make things weird. We haven't had sex," Sherlock points out. "And I do know everything," he adds, in an ill-advised attempt at humour. He waits for a smile to appear on his friend's face and it's only when it doesn't that he knows he's really in trouble.
The room is tiny, little more than a largish pantry, really. There is another door directly opposite the one from the kitchen, which looks unused, judging by the waist-high stack of books leaning against it. The room has space enough for a single bed, a bedside table and a narrow flatpack-style wardrobe. Apart from the stack of books, the room is Spartan to say the least. It’s obvious from the state of it that Sherlock spends very little time here.
Sherlock pulls back after a long while and looks down at John, the redness in the whites of his eyes making his strange, otherworldly irises seem luminous, seem all the more strange and otherworldly. His hands go to the sides of John's neck, his long thumbs stroking the carotid arteries tenderly.
"If I may interject," the facsimile said. "Sherlock, describe to me the difference between Trichinopoly and Bird's Eye ash."
Sherlock's hand went to John's upper arm and pulled him closer, on the verge of desperation, trying to bring their bodies together. He let out a low groan as John pulled away again. That teasing smile of John's was back in place, almost infuriating in its allure.
Sherlock's body started to tremble slightly, tensed and tight like a coiled spring, the electricity in the room affecting his central nervous system.
"Nope," John said, pushing abruptly away from his half-finished noodles and making for the door. "Not interested."
"I have no problem acknowledging it. What I don’t want is to agonise over it for hours and analyse it."
"Are children something you want?" Sherlock said quietly, still not looking at John. "You've never said."
"And how did you know I don't belong? NPCs aren't supposed to be aware that I'm any different to them," Mara said, tilting her head curiously.
John scoffs at Sherlock's choice of words, remembering the last time he heard them, in a very different situation.
When Sherlock takes John's cock into his mouth, he does it with the same impatient energy with which he does most things: he takes it straight to the back of his throat, sucking hard as he pulls back. He repeats the motion, again and again, and it's too much, too intense, almost painfully so. One of John's hands moves to the back of Sherlock's head, gripping his hair lightly.
The other Sherlock took John's hand and pulled him to his feet. John turned and looked at Sherlock, his face flushed, his eyes bright with shed tears, his lips reddened from the recent kiss. Sherlock stared at John's mouth, want stabbing through him for a moment, before he caught himself and blanked his features.
"Hello," Sherlock murmurs and slowly sinks down, taking just the head of John’s cock inside his tight, hot hole.
Then a small voice in the back of his mind (which, incidentally, sounds rather a lot like Sherlock) says,
He let out a slightly hysterical giggle and John took that as a signal to probe alongside his tongue with a gentle finger. Sherlock froze and tensed, but also let out a moan of enjoyment.
Dr James Dague-Ross from the company's medical-legal division frowned at Topher briefly before returning his attention to their guest.
Sherlock ploughs on regardless, "Married with three kids, an amphetamine habit and a switchblade in his back pocket."
Mara shoved her hand into her pocket and pressed the button on the detonator, closing her eyes as the second floor of the building exploded, shaking the foundations of the virtual bank. John gave her an irritated look.
"It seems that he self-installed a series of automated feeding drips and a catheter prior to 'logging in'. His extended use of your little system is unequivocally intentional and calculated."
Sherlock raised his head to look at John with a groan. He was very much on board with that plan and groped at the bed, finally locating the blasted lube and thrusting it at his tormentor.
"I will," John lies. He can tell from the expression on Mycroft's face that he's seen straight through the lie.
John slipped his arm over Sherlock's shoulders and they made their way back to the room. John seemed to be walking fine but just not wanting to be in the position of stumbling again, and Sherlock was elated at being that close to him, and at John allowing him to help.
, Sherlock. You don't treat me like that. Not ever. Not... like you have been. It's not right and I won't put up with it. I won't. You might not agree, but things between us have changed. You used to respect me, well, more than you respect most other people at any rate, and
"I didn't think you wanted this..." John breathed, almost groaned, as he began rubbing the glans of his cock against Sherlock's slippery, furled entrance.
John doesn't answer. He angles his head away from Sherlock, evasively, looking out the cab window. Sherlock's mouth forms a surprised 'O'.
"Still... ahh... fucking the fleshlight... I've tightened the end, so there's more suction. It feels... like I'm going to pull my cock off..."
Sherlock quickly got to his feet, going to his bedroom and dragging the dusty box from beneath his bed. He took out a bottle of lubricant and a box of condoms and walked back to John as fast as he could with an uncomfortably bouncing erection.
Sherlock glances back at John, then narrows his eyes slightly before returning his attention to the corpse.
They both looked at the graffiti representation of a mandala spraypainted on the front door of the building directly across the road.
Before Sherlock could answer, John had dipped his head and was dragging his wet tongue over Sherlock's balls, lower over his perineum, lower,
"Incredible," John breathes, awed, drinking in the sight of Sherlock Holmes, losing control. "You're incredible..."
John clenches his fists and narrows his eyes at Sherlock. Sherlock cocks one eyebrow, tilting his head, apparently studying John’s reaction with interest.
Sherlock is standing by the sitting room window, his forgotten violin resting on one shoulder. The pointed tip of his bow is resting on the windowsill, Sherlock spinning it idly on its axis, staring at nothing; was doing so in the dark up until a moment ago.
The coat is back in place, hugging that long, lithe body- err. Keeping Sherlock warm. Obviously. Nothing more than that. Certainly not removing temptation, acting as a frustrating barrier against John's magnetically-drawn gaze.
Sherlock lets out a long, low groan into the phone and John finds himself holding his breath as he listens. His friend gasps his name over and over again as he comes and John closes his eyes, biting his bottom lip, savouring every shuddering moan.
Sherlock looked up at John as he dragged down his jeans and pants, freeing a cock so hard Sherlock was surprised John hadn't come already.
"I get that. I do. But you've got to see things from my perspective, just for a moment," John says, taking a step closer. "The most amazing man I've ever known started showing an interest in me. A real interest. And I tried not to take it to heart, but you're so... overwhelming. All that focus, pointed right at me. It cut through me like a laser. You broke down all my defences, one by one, got closer to me than anyone has in as long as I can remember, and then you got a case and that was it, you were gone. One second you were overwhelming me completely and the next..."
Sherlock slides an arm around John's waist and pulls him close, dipping his head to take the shorter man's lips in a brief, forceful kiss. When their lips part, John looks up at Sherlock, his eyes slightly dazed.
Sherlock's shaking hands pushed John's woollen jumper up, breaking the kiss briefly to pull it off over John's head. He looked up at John's flushed face, at his pupil-filled eyes, panting for a moment, before hauling him back in for more rough, biting kisses.
"I didn't even... You weren't in it, not at the beginning. I guess I started using Reverie as an escape from my shit life. I was alone, and lonely, and I had nothing and nobody to spend the money you left me on. It was an escape, a test run for a life without you, without the danger of pulling someone else into my misery. A couple of hours a day, casual, just seeing what it was like. It was starting to work, like I was levelling up, progressing through a game. It gave me something to look forward to."
me. Wanting to consume you and be consumed. I wanted it before I fell, but in a gentle, slow-burning, searching way. Once I was away it was so much
"Not for the first time tonight, either. I think you should help me with it, since you were the cause," Sherlock murmurs, pushing his hips against John's thigh. "I think it's only fair."
, and then little by little pushing his tongue inside. Sherlock was letting out embarrassing whimpering moans that he couldn't stop, his right leg flailing off to the side and forgotten about, his left hand gripping his left knee, pulling it tightly against his chest, his other hand grabbing his own hair so hard he was sure he was going to end up with a bald patch.
Over breakfast one morning, before an afternoon shift at the Practice, is when the tension comes to a head. Sherlock doesn't even sit with John at breakfast anymore, not that he usually ate anything anyway, but it was a routine John had come to really enjoy.
"John's daughter in this world. He fell in love with an ex-secret agent assassin, married her to spite me, wife shot me, had a baby, wife died leaving John a single parent." Sherlock looked thoughtful for a moment. "Then my unremembered secret sister wreaked havoc in our lives—I'm surprised it took me as long as it did to deduce that all this is a simulation really, with that level of hyperreality on offer."
She nodded and looked back to where she'd last glimpsed John and his companion, but the street was empty and they were nowhere to be seen.
When Mara located John and Sherlock, it was in a small Thai restaurant on a sidestreet in darkest London. They were sharing a meal and the smile died on John's face when he saw Mara in the doorway. His companion's head whipped around to see what the cause of the expression change was, and his eyes swept up and down her form in much the same way as John's had, earlier.
"John," Sherlock says, an archly patronising expression on his face, reminiscent for a moment of Mycroft. "Come, now."
Sherlock scowls deeply and looks away, out the window. "I didn't know I should be looking for it," he mutters.
, almost as though I'd internalised you. I knew you wouldn't approve and I knew it wouldn't bring me back to you, but in a strange way I felt close to you in that moment. I longed for you like never before."
with something," Sherlock smirks across the table, leaning back in his seat, stretching slightly, his thin t-shirt riding up as he lifts his arms and stretches. John's eyes automatically drop to stare at the trail of dark hair on Sherlock's lower abdomen, leading down to his low-slung pyjama bottoms. He forces himself to look away. He hears Sherlock chuckle quietly and clenches his jaw stubbornly.
He’s only been at the clinic for two hours. He’s still confused over their breakfast conversation that morning and even more confused about his epic pre-work wank session, so he’s less inclined to tolerate Sherlock calling him home to make a cup of tea, (or pass him his phone, or find his skull, or help catch tarantulas he’s let loose in the flat [like last month – John’s still not forgiven him for that one]), than he would otherwise be.
"Well, at least I know you weren't doing anything stupid while you were gone," John huffs, disgusted.
"You can keep pretending I'm him, if you want to," Gabe whispers confidentially, leaning in close. "I don't even mind if you call me by his name. Fuck me in the dark, and you'd never know the difference..."
"All the obscene, wicked, deviant things you could do to me, if only you were here..." Sherlock says, his voice almost wistful.
) as he moves through the sitting room and out into the hall, up the stairs to the second floor bathroom.
"To connect to the system the user has an implant, known as a 'BCI'—a Brain-Computer Interface—installed. It sends data via the central nervous system to the cortical neurons, but crucially, integrates with the user's tissue. Shutting down the system would result in the brain connecting to... nothing."
They exchange the barest pleasantries at their rare coincidental mealtimes, Sherlock’s behaviour utterly cordial, formal even. John just goes with the flow, because that’s always been where his strength lies - in compromise and denial, in making-do.
Sherlock fumbled clumsily in the rumpled sheets for the lubricant, a task made much more difficult by John's insistently exploring fingertips shooting flashes of pleasure through his body. John began tonguing Sherlock's balls again while he waited and Sherlock paused for a very long moment in his search, just staring dazedly at the ceiling.
Sherlock doesn't offer his company this time and John's not sure anymore what his reaction would have been if he had.
He tries to move his hands, tries to warn Sherlock, tries to push him away. Sherlock merely tightens his grip on John's hands, holding them against the door more firmly.
. It was verging on blatant emotional manipulation and they both knew it—except it wasn't, not really, because Sherlock meant every word—but they were both also too far gone to care.
"Mmm. Can't live with them, can't have heterosexual sex without them. Or so I've read. Not really my area," Sherlock says, arching an eyebrow and adding, "As you know."
John paused for a long moment, then clicked the lid off the tube of lube. Sherlock turned his head to look back at John, catching his eye as John slathered lube onto his cock with a low groan. Sherlock looked away quickly, at the headboard of his bed, his hands clenching around his pillow with excitement at being so close to getting what he'd wanted for so long.
John grabs the pillow from the vacant side of the bed and puts it over his face, breathing out heavily. Rather than smothering him as he'd hoped, the pillow only serves to give him a much stronger sampling of Sherlock's scent on his next breath in. He lets out a helpless groan into the cotton cover and practically launches himself out of bed, his thigh muscles complaining as he stands. He throws the pillow back onto the bed, frowning.
He’s blissfully unaware when that same tall figure catches Gabe coming out of the pub to follow John, renders him unconscious and drags him into an alley.
"Tell me to drop it and I will. I won’t mention it again. Tell me to stop and I’ll stop, but I don’t think that’s what you want."
He freezes when there's a quiet knock on his door a moment later, squeezing his eyes closed, a frisson of terror going through his body. He can picture what's on the other side of the door: Sherlock with wet hair, beads of water on his pale skin, a slight flush to his chest from his recent orgasm and the heat of the water, a towel slung indecently low on his hips, a predatory gleam in his eye...
"Expired," Sherlock bit out as he removed the broken condom. "Some time ago. It's been... a while since I've had occasion to use these."
Sherlock closed the gap between them, parting his lips to John's open mouth, feeling virtual heat suffuse his virtual body as he kissed the man he'd loved since they'd met, the man he'd longed for,
John stares at him, utterly infuriated, for a moment longer before turning on his heel and heading for the sitting room door.
Sherlock groaned, pushing his hips up. So this was the John Watson that his conquests saw. John "Three Continents" Watson, sex god apparently, in the flesh and in Sherlock's bed. John's prowess in the art of seduction came on like a stealth attack, mild-mannered doctor wearing old man cardigans and making tea one moment, tactical sex missile wholly annihilating his intended target using just his mouth the next. Sherlock was most of the way toward completely wrecked already.
Speaking of annoyingly right, when he walks into the flat Sherlock's idea of an appropriate greeting is to state bluntly, "She dumped you."
"I just want things to go back to the way they were," John says, frowning. "Before all this. Well. Things were good. We got along great, everything was comfortable."
John feels like a small, panicked woodland creature caught in headlights as Sherlock looks back into his eyes.
"Do let me know when he makes an appearance, won't you? I'd rather that I didn't have to look for him myself. Leg work, you understand," he says, his nose wrinkling delicately with distaste.
John moved one hand slowly and ran his fingertips lightly down the side of Sherlock's throat. Sherlock gasped, then breathed out heavily as his body broke out into gooseflesh.
He puts his phone aside in disgust and goes to have a shower. It's not like it's the first time Sherlock's just disappeared without a word. He's behaving like... like the man's
Sherlock chuckles quietly again and murmurs, "I don't need you to speak to confirm it... But I'd like to hear your voice."
He settled in to his customary position at John's side for the daily Terrible Shows on ITV marathon. When John's hand took his against the bedsheet and held for thirty seconds Sherlock thought his brain would short circuit. It was fleeting, barely savoured before it was over, but it had Sherlock's heart bursting with so much hope he could barely contain it.
John can barely believe what’s happening. He can barely believe that Sherlock is letting him do this, that Sherlock even wants it. He can barely believe his luck. He breaks the kiss to stare up at Sherlock’s face, to reassure himself that this is real. Sherlock’s eyes flutter open and John feels the full force of the man’s focus again. His body gives an involuntary shudder as he looks helplessly into Sherlock’s eyes.
"Ah, excellent, you're home," he says, the expression on his face a little too sunny as he lovingly places his violin back in its case. "Did you have a pleasant evening?"
things to go back to the way they were, obviously, but I’ll promise you anything at this point. Anything. I need you with me. Life is... is better with you. It's tolerable, even enjoyable at times. Even between cases, when I think the boredom may kill me, life is better," Sherlock says. He pauses, then adds, "It was better when we were... friends."
His covers are thrown back, the bottom sheet all creased. John stares at the bed for a few long moments before walking into his room and closing the door. He locks it almost automatically.
John looked so small in the bed, so overwhelmed by the machinery sustaining his life. His usually clean-shaven face sported at least a few weeks' growth of facial hair. His hair had silvered and was longer than Sherlock had ever seen it. He wondered how many things other than the physical had changed since he'd been away.
"No, John, you're in danger, that's why I'm here. You've been in the system too long. You need to come out."
They both groaned softly as Sherlock's fingertip breached John's tight, hot body. He immediately rocked his hips, trying to take the invading digit deeper.
"John," Sherlock said, "why bother denying what we both know to be true? And If I've deduced it, as un-real as I am, I can say with absolute certainty that the real Sherlock knew."
John's eyes flick to Sherlock's face and the expression which greets him there makes his face flush hot, his jumper prickling his neck. Sherlock isn't just undressing him with his eyes, he's X-raying him. Cold dread settles in John’s stomach.
"J, O, H, N," Sherlock said. "Did you really think so little of my deductive reasoning and pattern predicting skills as to imagine you wouldn't be caught at the bank managed by Nicholas
"Rosie was a brilliant, bright little girl. She grew so fast, and she took to you," John said. "You'd read stories to her, and explode things in the kitchen for her, at least until I stopped you. You told her all about our work, and loved her like your own."
By the time John awoke, dressed and walked into the kitchen, it was nine in the evening. He passed the new mini-fridge under the kitchen window with a small frown and made his way to the kettle, switching it on with a yawn.
When he goes downstairs later to rustle up something for dinner, Sherlock is nowhere to be seen. John isn’t sure whether the sigh he breathes is one of relief or disappointment.
John fell asleep not long after that, curled on his side facing Sherlock, with his cheek against the arm of his coat. Sherlock merely watched, lost in thought, in fantasy, in yearning.
John moved back into 221b Baker Street two weeks later, joining Sherlock, and they continued on as though their separation never happened. Other than the most basic of explanations, they never even discussed it. Sherlock didn't want to talk about it, and John didn't want to hear it.
"John Watson, that’s positively filthy," he says, his voice low and full of desire. "I’m surprised at you."
John twists his hand on Sherlock's cock and he cries out, his whole body tightening as he orgasms, his fingertips digging into John's shoulders, his cock shooting streams of white over John's chest and neck. He's so tight around John's cock that he can barely thrust into him, can barely move at all. John quickly follows him over the edge, curling in on himself as he comes deep inside Sherlock's superheated, incredibly tight body, the detective's movements dragging ragged moans from his throat, making him cry out against Sherlock's sweaty, slippery chest.
"Ligature marks around the neck. Petechial haemorrhaging in the eyes, consistent with asphyxia from strangulation," John says, confirming what Sherlock has no doubt deduced already. John lifts the body's right hand, examining it. "Dead about three hours, based on lividity."
John feels his heart thud in his chest, his hand clutching the phone slightly tighter. He is quiet for a few long moments before he finally speaks, his voice coming out a little more gravelly than he expected.
John grabs the front of Sherlock's shirt and reels him in, pulling him down into a desperate, rough kiss. Sherlock lets out a surprised groan and wraps his arms around John, bunching his hands in the back of his jacket, pulling him close.
John came out of the bathroom and looked at Sherlock, a slight frown on his face. Sherlock leaned against the door frame, blinking slowly as his panic receded. John moved over to him,  placing a firm hand on his arm.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand as hard as he could, trying to ground himself in the moment, trying to convince himself that Sherlock was telling him the truth. Sherlock covered their hands with his other one, squeezing back.
"A persuasive one," she said. She abruptly changed the subject. "I need more information on Mr Watson. There wasn't much available prior to going in due to the short notice. Charlie, what have we got?"
"I'm knackered, mate," John says as soon as they get inside the flat (and he puts the emphasis on mate, as in friend, as in completely non-sexual platonic companion), "I'm off to bed."
"What happened to 'I'll continue not to make that mistake', hmm? What happened to the man who barely even blinked when his fucking psycho-nemesis-
Sherlock shuddered again, John's breath tickling his ear and making the side of his body break out in gooseflesh, and squeezed his eyes closed, John's words going straight to his chest and causing a bittersweet pang there. He pushed back on John's finger, impaling himself further and raising himself up onto his knees. He was still trembling, shivering, desperate for touch.
