“He’s only trying to provoke you John, don’t pay him any mind.” Sherlock placates, not unkindly. He’s seen what he needs to see, and any lingering anxiety has fled his mind, replaced by cool, collected confidence. “Please do spare us the theatrics Mycroft. You may be tediously traditional in some respects, but you’re hardly about to drag me off and lock me in some tower, then call John out in the streets, as if this were the middle ages.” Sherlock rolls his eyes disdainfully. “No— If that were the case, you would never have permitted me to live in a semblance of independence to begin with, especially not after the drugs. And certainly not with an unbonded Alpha as a flatmate.”
Which would be all very well and good indeed, if not for the small, rather significant matter of Sherlock being the only sibling and ward of the notoriously supercilious and powerful Duke of Westminster. Currently considered the single greatest prize of the marriage mart due to both his fortune and breeding— pursued by all only the most loftily titled alphas; the comfortably heeled and fortune-hunter alike.
And then he leans in and presses their lips together.
“So, are you going to wear a dress?” He asks her cheekily, and she giggles again, shaking her head ruefully.
Sherlock clutches desperately at the arm wrapped securely about his shoulders, and cries out as his own orgasm slams into him like a runaway lorry.
And he does.
not here to talk about me or what
“Go on,” Irene urges as she leans in over his shoulder to press a kiss to his cheek. “Impress a girl.”
“So you can point a gun at
On the other hand, he doesn’t particularly relish discussing the most difficult period of his life. Especially not in the backseat of a cab.
"Mhm; 'Harry Watson'. Given the unlikelihood that you just so happened to buy a secondhand phone once owned by a fellow Watson, clearly a family member’s given you his old phone. Not your father, this is a young man’s gadget. Now,
“Oh,” Sherlock flushes, casting his eyes toward the waves, “I’d purposely indicated a time for you to visit when she wouldn’t be on shift to avoid that.”
There are no more pheromones leaving him in a buzzy state of bliss, entirely convinced that he could have what he wanted so very badly, without any consequences. Much more importantly, in worryingly short order, there is quite suddenly no Sherlock.
“Why would we do that? Middle names are little more than a ridiculous contrivance of the upper classes to parade about their lineage and garner as much favour as possible to pad their inheritances with. And the practice of calling children by their middle names when they have a perfectly serviceable given name, which is exactly what you have in mind, is absurd.”
Of course, then he’d had to perform the indignity of ringing the Taxi service to request a Beta female driver, rather than just flagging down the first to appear on the street. If the inevitable propositions of the Yarders would be distasteful, the overtures of some plebeian cabbie were sure to be utterly repugnant.
“Why not? Precisely what are you planning to do; charge
.” Sherlock interjects scathingly, giving John a moment to collect himself. “You’ve never been given to histrionics, and it doesn’t suit you to start now. Do you honestly think that John, of all people, what? Tossed me across my bed and ravished me? Have you been reading too much Mills and Boon?”
“For God’s sake!” John exclaims exasperatedly at him as they head back into the house.
your little foray back into the nature of your biology?”
“Yes, thank you John.” Sherlock shoots him bright smile. “If they wanted to
Mycroft gapes at him for a moment.
Omega. He shakes his head to force the thought away, as usual, pushing that hostile Alpha inside of him firmly back down into the darkest corner of his mind. He breathes deeply through his nose and stares at her silently, willing her to do her worst. She stares back, eyes cold and calculating.
For better part of an hour, Lestrade beats about the bush; purposefully lulling Edward into complacency. He and John politely partake of the proffered tea, make sympathetic noises, and unhurriedly reconfirm the facts of Edward’s statement from the morning of Marie’s disappearance.
“Nearly as much, yes.”
“You...
“J-John,” he cries, and John drops down over him again, releasing his cock to smooth hands over Sherlock’s sweat-damp curls instead.
No, it most certainly is
And in his whole life he's never felt so…content.
of alarm throughout.
“My sincerest apologies,” he stammers, even as the Omega sways forward after him, offering a tiny mewl of protest. He jolts backward a step, removing himself to just outside their reach.
” Sherlock eggs him on with a roll of his eyes and an impish smile, “despite the enthusiasm of the moment.”
with me,” Sherlock contends. “You'd come and then -”
This synopsis of their current circumstances catches him off guard, and he ruminates on it briefly, weighing the evidence.
John. You should know by now that it’s pointless to expect anything potentially embarrassing to escape my notice.”
wanted
“Hmm, yours too.” John hums, “Like… smoke, and pipe tobacco, and a hint of something tangy, but sweet— blood oranges maybe? Smells good. A little too good,” he gestures down to the incredibly obvious bulge in his trousers, finally acknowledging the elephant in the room. “Sorry about that.” He blinks rapidly, looking a tad gobsmacked. “I have
He shoots an awkward smile across the bartop and pointedly changes the subject.
It takes him two weeks to sort Harry out; squiring her to appointments, and sitting up with her through wild crying jags. By the time she's squared away in a treatment facility and he returns home to London, he hardly needs a trip abroad anymore— the chaos of the Bart’s A&E sounds like a vacation in and of itself. Naturally he and Mary are on opposite shifts his first week back, but Mike, saint that he is, offers to meet him for a pint so that he can unload a bit about his trainwreck of a sister.
“Now, he won't be able to physically respond in any way. But he can hear you,” the doctor explains, and John nods his understanding as he steps into the white-panelled room. The doctor takes a step back into the doorway with a parting smile. “I'll give you some privacy.”
He often finds himself sharing details of his life, and thoughts that he’s never before uttered aloud to any other living creature. Any sense of hesitance or self-doubt drowned out by the undeniable faith that Sherlock seems to place in him in turn, entrusting even the darkest of truths to John’s ears.
“Too bad,” she smirks, then reaches out to pat his knee. “Off you pop and talk to people,” she directs him.
replies
specimens that he’s been hiding in the back of his wardrobe. Or maybe…
be dealing with them. But the last thing I need is another brawl on my watch. You take Sherlock home and get him all sorted out. I can get your statements from you tomorrow.”
don’t have to defend yourself.” It’s second nature to slide his hand further up along Sherlock's slim thigh and offer a reassuring squeeze. “If you want this baby, then we’re going to have this baby, and it’s going to be
she assumes that their bondmates.
Without consciously thinking about it, John finds himself reaching forward to place a staying hand on Sherlock’s bouncing knee. “Sherlock,
“Oh for goodness sake,” a exasperated voice joins in from the doorway. “Let the man stay.”
“You needn’t worry about providing for it,” Sherlock announces apropos of nothing, and John shakes himself out of his single-minded daze. “Being as I remain Mycroft’s Omega dependens, any child that I bear will legally carry the Holmes name. While Mycroft might have battened down and found himself a mate eventually, if only to pass on the family name, I can’t imagine he’d bother if I were to... do the dirty work for him, so to speak. It would demand far too much of his time, and he does so
“I haven’t been
“It’s just…”
, but oh, very good.
“Well, of course I’m invited to everything,” Sherlock sniffs imperiously as he seats himself at down opposite John, and John has to smother a grin. For someone who purports to loathe society, and eschew it’s expectations, Sherlock can be something of a snob.
“I do believe that my water just broke,” Sherlock grimaces, shifting uncomfortably in the spreading wetness beneath his backside.
it was a simple one. But then the autopsy report came back this morning; and there wasn’t any water in his lungs. He was
“Uh…” the girl visibly ponders his description as she trails her gaze upward to the roof of Bart’s behind him. John follows it and blanches, the sight of Sherlock standing up on the edge twisting a horrified knot in his stomach.
“It’s cold,” he defends weakly, a flush of heat warming his cheeks. It's humiliating how, despite his logical mind, as the pregnancy continues he’s more and more often helpless against these sudden flares of instinctual Omega response.
“Oh, hi,” John turns to him, feigning surprise.
Come evening, he’ll take Sherlock back to their new home at Baker Street; a generous wedding gift from Sherlock’s brother. It’s fully appointed and prepared for their arrival, and as his fiancé has all the restrain of a nesting magpie, already comfortably cluttered with an odd assortment of curiosities.
He’s a cripple, his career is over, and he can’t even afford to stay in the city he loves.
“Yes, you are,” she announces dismissively as she taps away at her mobile. “There,” she declares, as she turns her phone to face John. “I’m not dead. Let’s have dinner,” She recites, then presses the send button as John turns away from her with a shake of his head.
And also, admittedly, his cock.
John slips off instantly with a wet pop, releasing his cock and slipping his fingers out entirely to look up at Sherlock, red-faced and concerned.
Either way, it sets John’s teeth on edge. More than anything, he just needs to escape the flat; to escape Irene Adler and her smug, cat-like presence. He texts Stamford and arranges to meet him at the pub for a pint. It takes some time, but he manages to locate his keys in the kitchen, beneath a pile of mangled… circuit boards? He’s not sure he wants to know what Sherlock’s going to attempt to do with those.
“Yeah, you could have,” John smiles, jostling Sherlock’s shoulder companionably with his own.
other Alpha’s, but he suspects that she’s interested in making an exception.
Brushing his fingertips against the underside of her wrist, he curiously watches her pupils dilate. She wants him;
“Well, yes,” Sherlock grimaces. In light of the current situation, he wishes he’d held his tongue a tad bit more in the sanctum of his bedroom. Ah, well, no help for it now. Hindsight is, as always, twenty-twenty. “But— “
Upstairs, John rebuilds the fire, then awkwardly makes small talk about the bloody camera phone while he fixes himself a drink. Sherlock stands in the window overlooking Baker Street as he gently tunes his violin and waits patiently for John to get around to asking what he really wants to. Finally, John sighs heavily behind him and comes out with it.
“You look a bit peaky,” he frowns. "Are you alright?"
” Edward confirms bitterly. “Philip was engaged to another Omega when we were coming of age- had been for years. A few months before they were to be bonded, Tabitha died in an accident. Marie’s sire had been in talks with my mine, arranging our own bond-match... When Tabitha died, she thought it more advantageous to offer Marie for Philip instead," he scoffs resentfully, "as a
“I’d sooner gnaw my own hand off,” Marie sneers in turn.
unlike Sherlock
,” Sherlock snips testily, angling a glare in John’s direction at the impertinence.
“I—” he licks his lips and tastes Sherlock on them, and something clenches in his gut. “I’m so sorry, but I can’t. I’m married.”
For a brief moment, however, while John blinks rapidly in stupefaction, something warm and pleased blooms in Sherlock’s chest at being referred to as such.
“I don’t think John knows where to look,” he announces abruptly, standing to offer her his coat.
He winces mildly at the jab, and ignores the startled look that John levels at him out of the corner of his eye. He supposes it
“Does that make me special?” She looks up, pleased as a cat with the cream at that.
Perhaps Victor was right all those years ago, and it was only a matter of his suppressants holding him back from feeling this. He doesn’t regret it in the least. Had he listened to Victor then, he likely wouldn’t be here with John now, and there’s no one he’d rather experience this with. It’s amazing. There are surely better ways to describe it, but they escape him at present. All he can think about is the blunt, unrelenting pressure making a space for itself inside of him. John carefully buries the entire length of his cock then stills and takes a long, deep breath.
“Yes, I shall certainly endeavour to do so.” Mycroft responds tightly, teeth clenched in a fierce rictus of a smile. “Pray tell,” he continues, eyes snapping hawkishly to Sherlock, “exactly
“Whaa?” John mumbles in response, rubbing his eyes and looking deliciously sleep-rumpled. An overwhelming desire swells up suddenly inside Sherlock, to climb into the bed, tuck his face into John’s neck, and breathe in his warm, comforting scent. Instead, he forces himself to take a step back, looping his scarf around his neck to occupy his hands while he quashes the urge ruthlessly.
“I do believe that was implied by my hesitation to inform you. It’s a marvelous scientific opportunity that should no
John thinks he’s
Just like that comes to him, and his blood runs cold.
he gestures wildly with a finger between the three of them, and looks to Sherlock in disbelief. “I mean, I know you said… but just like that?
They drive in companionable silence, the bleak wilds of the moors stretching out around them as far as the eye can see. When they pull off the road, and he clambers atop a tor to get a better lay of the land, he can't help but appreciate the strange beauty of the place.
. And now here he was sat, thinking of Sherlock as
. They could take on the world; the two of them could be unstoppable together.
“You don’t need to, you know,” John informs Sherlock, quiet and subdued, “tell me all of this, I mean. You’re allowed to have your secrets.” His eyes look darker in the anaemic winter sunlight trickling in through the drapes, like the fathomless depths of the open ocean.
With a small smile and tilt of his head, Sherlock absents himself silently from the room. In a daze, John follows Stamford back out to the main ballroom, where Lady Anna swiftly descends upon them in giddy excitement.
“Mycroft finds out about
John turns to find a silver-haired man in a black overcoat behind him, running a hand through his trim hair in a hurried manner.
And their child.
they set out, instead of always expecting John to effortlessly read his invisible unpredictable cues. A simple ‘
“Why?”
“Mmm. Despite appearances — and his best efforts — Mycroft is still very much so human. And a decent brother.” Sherlock replies, letting his eyes drift closed for a moment as he tries to relax his body in anticipation of the next contraction. A stray thought drifts across his mind, and they snap open again. “Don't you dare tell him I said that. The nitrous oxide has clearly taking effect.”
“Some data is always recoverable,” Mycroft argues in reply, and Sherlock marvels at his brother’s ability to keep any element of desperation from his tone.
“Well, I’m not twenty anymore. Twisting about like that to talk to you is murder on the back.” As if to prove his point, John wriggles a hand beneath him to rub briefly at his waist with a wince. His body arches with the motion, inadvertently drawing attention to the as yet unacknowledged, but apparently very persistent erection straining the fabric of his jeans. The sight brings the warm thrum of arousal back to the forefront of Sherlock’s mind. He allows his gaze to linger, peering surreptitiously through his lashes while John resettles and folds his arms up beneath his head.
“Very right,” Sherlock agrees sharply, coming back to himself; the curious burst of pity dissipating abruptly as it had appeared. “But
Eddie, Eddie, Eddie,
.” Irene corrects. “I make my way in the world; I misbehave. I like to know people will be on my side exactly when I need them to be.”
The Omega tilts their head, peering out at him unreadably from behind their mask. His heart pounds in his chest as immediately he regrets the leap. Why on earth would this lithe, elegant creature want to associate with a short-statured, broken and penniless alpha such as himself? Just as he opens his mouth to stammer a quick pdeflection of his presumptuous question, they flash a still-blank card in his direction with a genteel flick of their wrist.
Time slips by unnoticed, days turning into weeks in what seems like the blink of an eye.
As he finds himself texting an unknown number without hesitance it occurs to him what it is about the man, exactly, that puts him so at ease. Holmes is nothing if not a commanding officer; driven, decisive and unafraid to lead the charge.
by what esentially amounts to a tedious display of Alpha chest-thumping. He gives his head a firm shake in an effort to collect himself.
“I believe you can infer the answer to that from the fact that I’ve not had a sexual encounter in over a decade.” He frowns dismissively. “Besides, we don’t need one.”
Not terribly well thought out.
“Yes.” Sherlock confirms, smoothing a protective hand over his belly under the pretense of straightening his shirt. “Twelve weeks along, approximately. You’re as aware as I am of the window of conception.”
“A few… hours?” Sherlock grits out.
Involving Mycroft in the matter seems especially loathsome, however.
“Oi!” John protests light-heartedly, jarring him back to attention.
Sherlock swallows, bobbing his head in a shaky little nod. “Yes. I- yes. It’s… good.”
and John unlocks the door, holding it open to usher Sherlock in.
Another reminder of what happens to those who don’t follow the rules and abide by their proper place in the world. He fishes his own mobile from his pocket and dials Mycroft immediately.
The discovery of a fourth victim within the week, and an offhand observation by John about ultraviolet re-entry stamps has them rushing back to St. Bart’s; to confirm whether they’d missed a commonality between the bodies that would finally weave the threads of the case together. They burst into the morgue just as Molly’s in the midst of finishing up an autopsy on a corpse significantly farther along in decomposition than their own, and the stench hits him like a wall, his stomach roiling instantly.
,” he insists petulantly, wrapping the blanket around himself like a shield as he sits up, determinedly pulling his bottom lip in from its outward jut.
“I understand if you
“Dr. Watson?” She responds quizzically to the non-sequitur.
“I have no interest in any of your brother’s accompanying monies, except for the sole purpose of keeping him in a manner to which he is accustomed, and providing for his every want.” He stops to draw a harsh breath. “I love him.”
“I'm so sorry John,” Clara sighs into his shoulder as she gathers him close for a hug. “She promised she wouldn't, but you know how it is.”
“No,” John interrupts him, “it’s not
He needs to walk away from this temptation and forget all about it. Yes. He can do this. One step after another, he makes his way to the other side of the street, where he stops for a moment, taking long pulls of air through his nose.
Something…pings in Sherlock’s mind as he reads. There’s something… something just out of his reach. Like an itch, almost, that he just needs to find the right spot to scratch.
once the baby is born, you’re welcome to leave immediately if you so choose, and I’ll n
every night,
“Then how come I can see you,” John seethes through his teeth, “when I don’t even want to?”
She’s very literally landed herself in his lap and, for the life of him, he cannot deduce anything more about her than he could from a poorly shot photograph. It’s both entirely disagreeable and strangely compelling all at once.
He has to.
to be the one currently gestating our offspring. Lovely— well, now that’s over with, we can get to work.”
“She just needs to get you ready for surgery, love.”
I’ve gotten the Omega dependens of the bloody
“True enough,” Lestrade chuckles, “wouldn’t do you any good, now would it?” he informs John good-naturedly as he hands the file to Sherlock. “Isn’t as if you have time for some pretty little thing chasing after you anyhow, what with this nutter forever keeping you occupied.”
The kneeling, the guns
Sprinting through the backstreets of London after criminals does tend to keep one in shape.
You're growing our baby.” His hands smooth reverently over the hard mound of Sherlock’s stomach and his eyes darken as his pupils dilate. The air in the room seems to transform; growing syrupy thick with arousal, and Sherlock shivers beneath his palms. “
” John face snaps toward Sherlock’s, goggle-eyed. “Do you mean-
“Because,” John forces his lust-addled mind to reason. “Your heat is coming on; I can smell it. You could… I could get you with child.” He offers bluntly. Beneath his nightshirt, thankfully out of sight, his traitorous cock contradicts his objection, twitching immediately at the very notion.
Useless, empty platitudes.
Nothing comes.
Alpha, and I’m glad to be free of him. No matter what.”
Sweat dampens his hairline while the sound of his own harsh breathing, and the faint squelch of his fingers working his dripping wet entrance fill the quiet room. It’s a memory of John, flushed and breathless, peering up at him with lust-darkened eyes, that finally pushes him over the edge. He bites into the pillow with a cry as he comes, liquid heat spilling out of him to dampen the front of his shorts, and internal muscles clamping down around his fingers. Once he’s ridden out the aftershocks, he slides his hand out, and rolls onto his back to sprawl bonelessly for a moment, panting heavily in an attempt to catch his breath.
John rises with a low growl, the indelicate situation in his trousers thankfully little more than a fleeting memory.
“What on earth are you doing?”
It’s a mere moment’s consideration to decide just what he and John should do, and how.
“Bugger it. It hardly matters now,” the DI grumbles in reply, and Sally gives an incredulous huff. “It isn’t as if he hasn’t known her the
“Yeah,” John agrees, scrunching his face in disgust and giving a small shake of his head.
The words settle over and about John as he considers them, like the gentle embrace of warm counterpane. Indeed, had things gone differently, Sherlock might very well be long since bonded; already in the midst of his confinement with some other alpha’s heir.
taking place right at the top of the stairs. He ignores the various hands that reach out to caress his face and…
“Oh?” John raises his brows in surprise. “So you can… Is that what you would have like to have done then too? If... what happened… hadn’t?” John asks him, stroking over Sherlock's shoulder.
Then Sherlock tries tricking her with a dupe camera phone, which doesn’t fool her for a moment, and he gazes down on her in captivated admiration as he hands her the real thing.
“Well, out with it then. So you’ve… y’know...” John abruptly shatters the comfortable silence and Sherlock freezes in the midst of folding an arm beneath his head.
“Don’t expect me to help — I was the one who brought it for you. Greg was just closer to the bag.”
“No Sherlock. We agreed— if you want to do this, we’ll do it. But if you’re going to take unnecessary risks with our child’s life before they're even born, you need to consider whether this is something we really
John stares at him blankly.
“You’ve never actually…
“It's not so kind to leave,” Sherlock snaps back, and then his expression crumples and he hurries to apologize. “Sorry, I’m sorry. I just... I have this chance.
Because
he pants feverishly, instinctually parting his legs further as John’s hand continues it’s casual stokes. He tilts his head to better expose his neck to John’s ministrations. “You needn’t feel obliged to-”
“Of course it bloody is!” John explodes. “All of it! From inviting me into your bed, to finding out you were pregnant and hiding it from me. Tthe last few weeks... It’s
When he gets arrives home to Baker Street, the screeching of Sherlock’s violin assaults his ears the moment he opens the street door.
“Yeah, all right, Spock,” he holds his palms up placatingly, “just… take it easy. You’ve been… pretty
“Here, use mine.”
“North,” John grins and extends his hand in greeting. “I've heard about you. Brilliant that. Quite, quite brilliant.”
Irritated that she’d managed to so thoroughly fool him; what with his attention so badly compromised by his distracting little secret. Pleased that her story hadn’t turned out to be another disheartening, precautionary tale about the dangers of straying from one’s expected role, after all. Entirely indifferent to the matter in the face of his far more…
“You mean… it’s
John stifles a laugh. Of course he had. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his own mobile; the new one that Harry had insisted that he accept. He limps the short distance across the across the room with his cane to offer it up.
“What—“ Sherlock raises his head from the mattress, blinking in confusion for a moment before the alpha suddenly grabs hold of his hips. He lets out an undignified yelp of surprise, scrabbling at the bedsheets as John bodily drags him to the edge of the bed.
“I saw it too, John.”
sex-work then. He supposes everything has it’s price. “And I assume this Adler woman has some compromising photographs.”
, did I fancy them.” His gaze grows faraway and sorrowful as he continues. “Never acted on any of it. Never did anything.”
“How do you remember
“Y-yes, Sir,” his boy said, voice the most timid he'd ever heard from the man, but glancing down, Sherlock's cock was hard as ever. Good.
“Yes!” Sherlock's cry was pure ecstasy. “Yes, Sir! Please!” John growled again, thrusting harder, holding nothing back.
“I'm going to ask you questions, boy, and you're going to answer them
“You can fuck my mouth, Sir,” he purred, but John gave him a dark look that surprised him.
“Yes, Sir. I liked the feeling very much, Sir.” Oh gods, John thought, that deep voice sounded so pliant, and it made John's balls ache again.
“Cheeky brat,” Sir said with a smile and a light swat to his boy's cheek. Sherlock's eyes widened and rolled and an involuntary moan left him at the sting from Sir's touch. Sir noticed. “Oh really? Maybe we explore that a little after I'm done trussing you up. Nothing too serious,” he grinned evilly, “not this time at least.” Sherlock nearly lost his legs. Sir picked up each robe belt, one silky blue, the other a soft cotton that must have been Sir's, and tied them together with a simple reef knot. He tugged it tight then turned to his boy. “Are you ready, boy?”
“Nothing, John.” Sherlock could see the questions coming and cut him off. “Since you grabbed my wrist there's absolutely
“Enjoying yourself, boy?” A strangled whimper was all he got, and that made him chuckle. He reached down and pinched both Sherlock's nipples, gently pulling, rubbing the taut flesh between his fingertips and got another whimper. “I like the sounds you make for me, boy. I cause them. They're mine. Don't keep them from me.” His boy moaned, a sound so dirty it made John's prick jump. He plucked the nipples in his fingertips roughly before leaning down and ravaging each with his lips and tongue in turn and causing all kinds of cries and moans. His boy was close. He ground his own erection against his boy's again, and Sherlock cried out desperately.
“Very good, boy. Again, ask again.
“You want to... dominate... me, John?” Sherlock purred the question. The flush of the cheeks and throat, the widening of the pupils, quickened breath. Yes, Sherlock thought John wanted that very much, but he had to test the man's mettle first. Sherlock knew John had the spine for this, but did John, himself, know? “You think you
“Good,” Sir's smile was more like a showing of teeth, “because now, now my beautiful, amazing boy, now I get to
,” he growled, and cemented in his boy's mind the primal nature of his Sir.
“Being dominated, being on my knees and submitting, yes, Sir,” and John's heart sank, his eyes dropped, until the man finished his sentence, “but only because it's
“No, Sir,” Sherlock looked up at him with utter devotion, and it hit John like a freight train to his chest, “I trust you completely, Sir.”
going on in my mind. For the first time in days it's blessedly quiet in here,” he tapped his temple with his free hand, leaving John's grip on his wrist, loathe to lose that tentative connection. They'd maintained eye contact, and Sherlock saw something interesting pass through John's eyes; relief, and under that, an infinitesimal spark of heat. Coupled with the contact and quieting of his mind, an answering heat was coming to life in Sherlock's belly.
“Tell me your safe words again.”
“What did we talk about earlier, hmm?” Sir pinched his boy's nipple and made him gasp, made his cock twitch and drip. “How do you get what you want?” Sherlock thought it through. How did he get what he wanted? Ahh...
You will not lie to me, is that clear?” God above this man was to be the death of him, but he'd known that since the day they met in Molly's lab.
“Yes, Sir,” he almost moaned. Sir pulled the end of the cotton robe belt through the belt buckle at the front of his right shoulder and tied it off, then wound it around his boy's torso and arms, staying in almost constant contact to help his boy maintain his balance. It was then, as Sir's shirt brushed across his boy's tightly peaked nipples and made him gasp, that Sherlock realized that Sir was still fully clothed. All except for his cock still out, brushing against his skin and leaving cool trails of precome behind to mark it's touch; almost like a second touch, like Sir decorating his boy with himself. That thought, coupled with textures of the cloth rubbing across his skin as only certain strips of it were covered, and only covered where Sir wanted him covered, had him about to come on the spot, completely untouched.
John assumed, as most everyone would, that Sherlock was dominant, through and through. His superior intellect, his need for control, even his mild -being generous there- obsessive compulsive disorder and the fact that he was a self proclaimed high functioning sociopath; it all screamed a need for dominance and a tight reign on control. Even in John's own relationship with the man, John submitted to him in their work and at home because it was easier to capitulate and John rarely cared where things were, so long as he could find them. He was so used to Sherlock's eccentricities that he could take a guess if he couldn't. Sherlock had a
. John Watson. The domination and tone and bearing are icing on an already devil-to-resist cake. I've done a good job so far, maybe too good.” He smiled sheepishly when John looked up at him. He'd broken scene, or whatever this was, but John's throat was too damned dry to reprimand him for it and he didn't want to anyway. “Sir, may I ask a question, and expect the same honesty in return?” John nodded, still not able to speak properly. “Are you aroused by the domination and having me on my knees, or... by me?” So vulnerable. John considered using Sherlock's own safe word because once spoken, there would be no going back. John had to swallow twice to get the lump down his throat.
“John,” Sherlock croaked, turning his head as far as he could in his current position. “John?”
An idea started to take form. What if Sherlock needed to be introduced to a side of himself that he probably didn't even know, or acknowledge, existed in him. It couldn't be verbal, since Sherlock could talk circles round him. John had to
That was something else that was throwing him for a loop, though he tried not to let it show. Sherlock was
“Murder for full stop, and... Mycroft, to slow... things down...Sir.” Haltingly spoken, as though trying not to laugh, as was John at that moment. He let an amused snort escape and Sherlock looked up. They shared the moment of humor -God but did he look gorgeous on his knees and smiling- before diving back in.
“Out there,” John pointed to the common area, “you were under my command, but you were not helpless. Do you understand that?”
As Sherlock turned to pass him on yet another lap across the flat, John grabbed his wrist firmly, just below the sleeve of his robe, tight enough to hold, but not tight enough to hurt. The man stopped immediately, and John was expecting a question, or an outburst, or for him to try and pull away. What he hadn't expected was for Sherlock to just stand there, staring wide-eyed at John's hand round his wrist, and while Sherlock studied their contact, John studied Sherlock's expression. His face was almost unreadable, though his complexion had paled slightly, but in his jade green eyes John saw... wonder.
“Oh my boy, you're wildly beyond anything I could imagine. You did splendidly out there.” His boy beamed at the praise. “However, in here, I'm going to make you truly, completely, utterly powerless.” John watched Sherlock's face closely, clocking every reaction from the hard swallow to the fluttering eyelashes to the way his cock jumped. Even the fine tremor that wracked him. “I'm going to bind you in such a way that your entire body will be immobilized, and if you don't believe me, consider my military training. You won't be hurt, nothing pinched or blocked. You'll simply be unable to move on your own,” John grinned wickedly down at his boy, watched his pulse and breathing quicken, watched his pupils dilate, and the trepidation rise in his jade eyes, “and then, boy, then you'll be completely at my mercy. I will touch you, pinch you, pet you where and whenever I choose. I will torture you sexually, play with your nipples, your cock, your balls, your arse, maybe even fuck you, if you're a good boy, and there will be no way to stop me.
John was patient and understanding of his quirks and strangeness. He accepted Sherlock as he was, and stood up to him when necessary, and John had no clue as to what that actually meant to him. John didn't know it, couldn't possibly, but he was also Sherlock's rock. His stone and tether to keep him grounded and humble. Well, humble enough. Sherlock knew he was not an easy man to know, let alone live with and work alongside, but John took him in nearly unflappable stride. He looked down into the man's cornflower blue eyes and saw something in them that called to him, called to his frenetic mind. John's eyes said, '
Inside. Oh God, he was inside his boy. Inside Sherlock. His boy keened beneath him, spine arched and bucking against both his Sir and his restraints. There was no fear or pain to be heard though. It was nothing but cries of pleasure, shouts of ecstasy as John humped his way inside his boy until he was balls deep and surrounded by silky heat. He'd relaxed his boy's entrance with his tongue, slicked him with spit and his own prefluids, but it was still a snug fit. He groaned.
“Lose the pyjammas.” Sherlock looked uncertain for a moment, which was absurd given where his mouth had been not but a few moments ago, but he did drop them to pool at his feet, and of course, there were no skivvies. John was sure his harsher tone unnerved his boy, but that was part of it. This
Sherlock did. Oh God did he ever. His boy shook the walls and windows with his pleasure, inner muscles clamping down on John's cock so hard he could barely move as his boy was finally allowed physical release. Cock throbbing, he shot hot and wet against his Sir's hand where it still held him.
Unnumbered hours later, the beeping of his mobile roused Sherlock from his sated sleep. His body hurt, but in the most delicious way. His arse ached, and he bore down just to feel the residual burn and remember the feeling of John -his Sir- inside him, Sherlock smiled down at John. He left the man sleeping, padding naked out to the common room to find the source of the beeping. Flipping through his messages, he found one from Lestrade;
“Yes?”
bloody naive.
you use your safe words. Understand?” By now his boy was panting, sweat dripping from his temple, a fine trembling all over, eyes glassy, and prick stiff as ever, like a dowsing rod pointing straight at his Sir. His boy swallowed twice before answering.
Sherlock pulled back -though John tried to bring him back immediately- and rested their foreheads together and John just breathed the man in for an unbelieving moment.
“Better now, boy?” Sir asked roughly in his ear, clothed chest and exposed cock pressed to his boy's bare back and arse and Sherlock's body nearly betrayed him again. He trembled against his Sir, and Sir hummed in his ear. “I didn't think we'd have to ring your cock, boy, but it seems we will. Control yourself until I'm done binding you, and I'll tie your cock as a reward.” There was a teasing challenge in his voice that made his boy smile and took his mind off his need. All he needed to do was control his body just a bit longer, and then his Sir would take even that control from him. Logically it seemed so backward, rewarding his control with the removal of that control. He shuddered at the thought.
“Sherlock?” He asked tentatively. The man's eyes were glassy and distant, lids falling and rising sluggishly, still floating. “Sherlock, come back to me.” John stroked his cheek, ran his fingers through Sherlock's damp curls. He was beginning to worry. John could feel the weight of what had transpired between them pressing in on him. Gods, what had they done? What would happen now? What would happen if people found out? John's fingers snagged on a tangle in Sherlock's curls, drawing his attention down to Sherlock's eyes, which finally sharpened, smiling lazily. “How do you feel?” John was almost afraid of the answer.
“Alright, compromise?” Sherlock stopped, eyes narrowed. “Can you sit for a bit instead? Please? I'm almost done. Won't be too long.” Sherlock looked at him like he'd just said the daftest thing, but finally he sat.
“Good boy,” Sherlock's head lowered again, though John could still see his shoulders shaking a little. “Second question.” The shaking stopped with a quick in-drawn breath, as though he could anticipate what was coming, and logically, maybe he could. Best to just get it out there then. “You're aroused, probably steel hard by now. The question is: Why?” A fine trembling of another sort ran through the robe clad body. John found himself waiting with bated breath for the answer. Sherlock's back rose and fell, rose and fell; two deep breaths before answering.
“It's... it's for y-you. For Sherlock Holmes. The man. The submission is... icing as well.” Damned hard to get out, but there it was, and all they could do was stare at each other a moment in dumbfounded, mouth gaping stupidity. Then John did something he'd been dying to do for as long as he'd known this man. He stepped forward, went to one knee, grabbed Sherlock by the back of his neck and pulled him into a hard, almost brutal, kiss. Sherlock opened for him immediately and ravaged his mouth with equal fervor. God he tasted divine. Like rainwater and cognac and something so uniquely
“I won't lie, Sir.” Sherlock kept his head down, something which he hadn't been ordered to do but something for which John was grateful. Sherlock had always told him his eyes gave away too much. If the answers to his questions weren't the ones he'd hoped for, he could keep the disappointment from his voice, but never from his eyes.
“Sir? Will you fuck my mouth?” That did it. John shuddered. Sherlock could even feel the tremble in the hand holding his hair before it tightened enough to pull
“I understand... Sir.”
When next he was coherent, Sir was laying fully atop him. The weight of his Sir pressed him into the mattress, grinding his boy's painfully hard cock against the pillow beneath him. He could feel and hear the other man panting, breathless, behind him, steel hard cock poised to enter him. His Sir hesitated, and it was all Sherlock could do not to squirm, both in anticipation and just to feel his bindings, to know that he was exactly where his Sir wanted him, exactly how he wanted him. Sir drew in a deep breath and his boy melted into the mattress, relaxing in anticipation of the penetration...
“My pleasure, Sir.” Sherlock damn near moaned the words. He had a little experience at sucking cock, mostly the odd, anonymous bath house tryst, just to scratch the itch. He wasn't fond of the taste of latex, rather killed the mood for him. However, he knew what he liked, and so he applied it here to start. It would be so very much fun to discover what John liked and loved. What drove him mad and higher. He began by licking the bit of precome that had already formed at the bulbous tip, which was almost completely out of it's foreskin at this point. The salty-musky-pseudo-alkaline taste of the man burst on his tongue and he and John both groaned in unison.
“No, never, Sir.”
Sherlock looked back at his Sir in awe. The man was the embodiment of control in that moment, with his boy bound and helpless beneath him, arse up and at his mercy. He was so dazed from the unimaginable pleasure his Sir was inflicting on him. The dry orgasms had been a surprise that even he hadn't fathomed. He knew of the concept, of course, but concept and realization were vastly different. That his Sir could control even his psychological responses... he shuddered at the thought.
“Yes, Sir.” He did as he was told.
” His boy sobbed so beautifully, and it all came together to have John's balls churning. He wouldn't last much longer. He'd been worked up too long to deny himself now. He had to know though.
“Loads, really. Only one
“I don't, Sir. I only get what Sir gives me,” he purred, “but Sir, didn't you say you wanted me completely immobile and at your mercy?” Sherlock batted his eyelashes a little and Sir groaned again.
“Now, on your knees, boy.”
his orgasm. Sherlock looked on in breathless confusion as John shook and groaned, brow furrowed as if in pain, and he supposed the man had a hellacious case of blue balls from being that close and retreating so suddenly. John opened his eyes finally, finding Sherlock's dumbfounded expression and smiling ruefully.
John felt a primal, almost animalistic glee at the prize laid out on his bed like an offering to a pagan god. He knew Sherlock trusted him, but this was... he didn't know what this was, and it was a bit frightening, were he completely honest with himself. His boy. His Sherlock, at least for now, but he shoved that nagging thought back and began to play. He started by leaning down and kissing his boy softly, but as soon as he felt Sherlock's mouth open to take the kiss deeper, he sat up and stared at him hard. His boy lowered his eyes and blushed, a lovely crimson stain on his cheeks that complimented the stain of arousal in the skin around the bindings.
“Now. Scream for me, boy.”
“No, Sir,” he replied dreamily. “It's perfect.”
He was giving Sherlock a chance to safe word if he needed to. Sherlock answered by closing his eyes and moaning, the vibration rolling through him and over the sensitive head of John's cock, making him gasp.
He stood beside the bed, soaking in his boy's adoration and trying to decide where to begin. He idly stroked he skin of his boy's chest with his fingertips, watching delightedly as the flesh rose into goosebumps in his wake. He did it again, along the same path, tripping his fingertips across the bindings, and Sherlock's reaction from skin to cloth back to skin was remarkable. His eyes rolled, his body tried to arch against his bindings, which was lovely to watch. John groaned and straddled his boy's hips, pressing their cocks together, making him groan and buck again.
“I'll use my safe words, if needed. Sir.” With that last word John was shoved back into his role. He stood up fully, which put his own steel tent pole closer to Sherlock's chest; tall git that he was. He looked down at Sherlock, and Sherlock only had eyes for that bulge. Seemed they were jumping in with both feet then.
“That, boy, was a dry orgasm. The burst of endorphins without the physical ejaculation,” he explained, grinning wickedly. “I plan on making you do that several more times in fact.”
“And you were good, weren't you. Cock's leaking like a sieve but you didn't come.” Sir stroked his boy's cock once, and Sherlock moaned helplessly, hips jerking even as he was bound. The feel of the different textures, from leather to silk to cotton, pressing into his skin, holding him like a caress, holding him tightly together so he could fly apart, it made him moan wantonly. Sir chuckled. “I'm going to help you to the bed just behind you and help you lie down on your back, then you'll get your reward.” Sherlock nodded; as if he had a choice. The lack of choice, even in what space he occupied as he lived and breathed pushed him even further outside himself.
and damned if Sherlock didn't desperately want that. Need that.
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock's voice was rough, “soo good, Sir. Please, don't stop?” He phrased it as a question, because it had to be his Sir's choice whether to stop or not, but God his boy hoped he would continue. Even as he felt too much, it was not enough, and Sherlock suddenly had the most powerful desire to have his Sir inside him. Fully inside him. Taking his pleasure and shooting his seed deep in his boy's body, unimpeded by prophylactics. His Sir was a doctor, he knew he was clean, and as a doctor he insisted Sherlock be tested regularly as well. Sherlock moaned as his Sir leaned over his back, hands planted on either side of his shoulders, stone hard cock nestled in the cleft of his arse, and he couldn't help but arch against that hardness, pressing his hips up against it. Sir moved one hand and swatted his boy's hip gently, making his boy moan like a wanton whore. Oh, God that was good.
Didn't the man realize? Didn't he know by now?
“Please, Sir,” he whispered brokenly, and with a groan Sir spread his arse cheeks further apart and laved his tongue from his boy's taint to his sacrum, making him cry out and thrust against the pillow. Sir did it again, and again, moving his tongue around his boy's hole, lapping and nibbling on his flesh before sucking gently at his pucker and all his boy could do was lie there and take what Sir gave him. He felt another orgasm building in his spine, behind his balls and flooding over his mind in waves as Sir drove him higher and higher. Sherlock felt tears rolling from his eyes, the stunning pleasure burning through him until it was all there was, all he could feel, all he could think. He felt Sir's tongue stiffen, and he screamed out another dry orgasm as Sir plunged his tongue inside his softened hole, fucking him with it over and over and over...
he did things, and John had learned early on that it was better to let him have his way. It worked well enough for them, and when something truly important to him came up, John stuck his ground and they hashed it out. However, John knew that he, too, was a dominant personality; it's why he'd done so well leading his fusiliers. Rarely were humans exclusively one or the other.
“Please, Sir, please fuck my mouth? Please?” Sherlock made his voice a submissive, seductive entreaty -no one else on this world nor anyone on any world beyond human knowledge would ever hear that tone in his voice, only this man-, and John's eyes glittered, the beautiful blue nearly swallowed by abyssal pupil. That was beautiful too, though, because it meant he was loving this as much as Sherlock himself. “Please?” He added one last time just to watch the reaction in John.
“Do you speak?” Greg asked quietly.
“You go to the club and find a local moron, some deadbeat to set up, tell them they get a big cut of whatever we find, whatever just to get them on side and willing to do it.” Sherlock said while starting to prepare their things for a break in.
Sherlock sighed, “How irritating.” He checked him over for I.D and found some in his coat pocket. The man was called James Johnson.
“Tedious?” Greg inquired.
“I dunno maybe he’s just nice, does happen.”
“We could try and sell them to Miss Adler?” Greg said breaking the awkward silence that had fallen upon them.
“Who tied you up?” Sherlock asked.
“We can’t just leave him here Sherlock, look what they’ve done to him.”
“What’s in it for me.” Sherlock said and John glanced at him then and for once had an expression on his face that didn’t seem completely oblivious. He genuinely looked a little hurt. It only pained Sherlock slightly.
There was alot of things that didn’t make sense about the man and everytime they uncovered something else, it made everything just a little more confusing.
“Tie them up.” Sherlock said to Greg who listened to him, while Sherlock walked over to John and slowly took the tape off his mouth. “You okay?” He asked.
“Huh?” Sherlock asked genuinely confused. Again.
Sherlock and Greg found a side door that the guards were barely monitoring to slip in through while Sherlock sent a message over to Dave. Who as Sherlock had said set the alarms off and attracted the attention of two of the guards, judging by the amount of impacts of footsteps Sherlock heard going towards that direction.
Soon enough they heard a car pull up outside and they started to move John out there. Sherlock paused after them quickly tossing the gun over to Greg who was hiding behind the counter still undetected.
Sherlock lulled over in his mind of old times, when he could walk the streets at night without a patrol of soldiers stopping him, when he could clear his mind with the cold London air. It was a luxary that was taken for granted. If there was one thing he missed it was his freedom. Being cooped up and given a set of rules that we standard and repetetive was doing nothing to keep Sherlock’s brain active.
“You? John Watson, wounded soldier turned sidekick to the great Sherlock Holmes, you think you can dominate a personality as large as mine? Hmm?” Sherlock saw the self doubt in John's eyes, and felt his stomach fall. Come on man. Time for the real test. “That's what I thought,” he said with a sneer that felt ugly even to him. He started to pull his wrist from John's grip. “Maybe someday but obvious-”
She clutches his hand to her shoulder and laughs heartily as she strokes it. John's outrage melts away immediately in the face of her delight, and a soft smile slowly creeps across his face. The sweet, domestic affection warms Sherlock to his very core. He allows himself to bask contentedly for a short while, carefully committing every detail of it to his mind palace.
As Sherlock Holmes stands outside New Scotland Yard, sweating beneath his Belstaff while he irritatedly smokes a cigarette, he allows himself the private admission that he may have, in fact, made a terrible mistake.
mean:
secrets.
“My Lords,” the footman bows, “this way please.”
John’s contrived playfulness, of course, would be entirely more convincing had he not already posed the very same question twice already that morning. And if the ceaseless, repetitive drum of his socked feet against the floor wasn’t liable to wear a hole through the sitting room rug sometime in the near future.
Sherlock inclines his head and fixes upon John with those sharp, quicksilver eyes; the shadows cast by the crackling flames transforming them into dark pools of unfathomable depth. Uncharacteristic shyness flickers across his features, and he nibbles lightly at his lip before he speaks.
At that very moment, the library door swings open unexpectedly. John rears up in horror as the Duke of Westminster himself enters, in the company of two other gentlemen.
her, for months on end; suffering through her heats alone, never being bred, never being given children to care for!” His pent up fury apparently unleashed, he springs from the couch, and begins pacing agitatedly. “He treated her like a
Don't fret! I won't be leaving you all waiting long this time— the second part is finished and in the hands of my lovely beta. As soon as she gives it her stamp of approval, up it goes! These final two chapters are a little shorter than the rest have been, but I decided to break up the one big chapter I had for the narrative flow and posting speed! (And so that I can fit one last John interlude into that flow if I can get to it!)
“No!” Sherlock denies insistently, even as he feels the tingle of blood creeping across his cheeks.
“Granted, that was somewhat remiss of us,” Sherlock angles his chin in concession. “Though we only engaged in unprotected intercourse once over the entire duration of the heat.”
Sherlock looks up at that. Lestrade holds the file out to him hopefully.
go in for a bit of rough.”
Of course, there’s obviously something more to it, or Lestrade wouldn’t be here. He’s intrigued despite himself, but he may as well make the DI work for it a bit.
“John!” Sherlock follows closely on his heels, calling after him, and reaching out to pluck at his coat sleeve when he manages to get close enough. “John, wait!”
He’d have agreed to anything that John wanted that morning; whatever it took to keep him from leaving.
And therein lies the rub.
There’s a figure perched on a ladder near the mantlepiece, clad in the distinctive pale silks and cream pantaloons of an unmarried omega, caught in the midst of liberating a particular book from the highest shelf. Stamford steps through the doorway behind John, forcing him to shuffle forward, then redirect his stare up at the figure just as they begin to speak.
“Uneventful,” he lies. He looks to Lestrade in an effort to divert the conversation. “Is this everything for the Croftdown Road case?”
” Sherlock cuts off his own mincing speech with a startled squawk. His eyes snap up to gape at John, utterly appalled. “
“I didn’t— I don’t… “ John stammers angrily, countenance reddening as his ire soars in the face of such an insulting accusation. “You may place the entirety of the funds in the trust, and leave the deed of the property in Sherlock’s name as well. And hang Harry’s debts! I realize that your Grace believes me to be a scoundrel of the worst sort, but the truth of the matter is that your brother himself is the prize in my mind— one which I never hoped or expected to attain. My regrettable actions were spurred forth by infatuation, rather than the pursuit of a fortune.”
“Yes, of course.
Sherlock
Though hopefully not his temperament, lord help them.
“He’s passing over?” John’s face scrunches up as his brows fly upward. “When?”
She gives her explanations and her excuses, and he argues back; seething with rage as he thinks of the wan look that’s overlaid Sherlock’s face ever since her ‘death’. Sherlock can deny it all he likes, but John knows that since the moment he met her, he’s been enthralled by her. And that she should so effortlessly attain the unattainable, then be so cruelly careless with it…
“Yes sir,” she bows her head submissively. “Very clear.”
“Just a mo’, yeah?” John fires back affably before continuing on undeterred, as though Lestrade weren't gaping like some particularly unintelligent fish. "Anyways, what I was trying to get at was, well, obviously he's going to need to be a bit more careful— especially once he gets further along. I know it won’t be easy to reign him," he shoots a long-suffering look Sherlock's way, "but if you could just… keep it in mind?”
“But you'll stay here,” Sherlock probes uneasily, “...after?
The ultimate test of John’s lack of awareness comes in the evenings, as Sherlock edges continually closer to the Alpha on the sofa every night whilst they watch telly.
any more.” With that, she reaches into her handbag to retrieve an envelope. She pushes it across the table at Mycroft, and he accepts it, opening it and removing a single folded sheet from inside. “A list of my requests,” she explains as he does so. “
Something dark and feral stirs inside of him, and he turns and walks away before he does something that he'll regret.
“Wait,” John frowns, a sudden suspicion coming over him that Sherlock has once again neglected to tell him something important. “What are we doing that you need to smell like an authoritative alpha?”
When John simply stares back at him in baffled amazement, he huffs condescendingly and rattles off a detailed explanation of his deduction, then rises to hand the phone back to Irene.
“Ah, let’s see here… The maid mentions she started noticing the change in behaviour around, ah… four weeks ago? And then this appointment here, less than a week after that,” John taps a finger against one of the calendar pages. “It’s the only one that doesn’t have an address or any other details about who it’s with. All it says is ‘doctor’. She didn’t want her Alpha or any of the staff to recognize something particular about it. If you can get access to the records attached to her NHS number, I’d wager they show that she visited an Omega clinic. Adding up all that,
He’s in love with one omega, as good as promised to another, and here he is in the dark corner of a garden with a third; taking unacceptable advantage of what’s clearly an innocent. He hasn’t the faintest why they’ve chosen to try their hand at the seductive arts with him, but it’s clearly a sweetly naive experiment nonetheless.
“John…” he sobs, hitching his breath when John hums around him in response without stopping. It’s so good, so very incredibly good, but he can’t- he
The conniption that immediately follows on John’s part is precisely as expected, and only serves to make Sherlock feel entirely justified in the petty manner in which he notifies John that, her interest in John lies primarily in her assumption that an Alpha doctor such as himself might be well enough off to keep her, as she’s tired of working as a secretary. And that, in any case, she's currently carrying on a lacklustre affair with her boss.
When he reaches the stop of the stairs and pushes open the door of the flat, he’s somewhat unsurprised to discover the American Alpha from Irene’s townhouse. He aims a pistol menacingly at the back of Mrs. Hudson's head whilst she quietly weeps, while two thuggish Beta’s, one more familiar than the other, lurk on either side of the room. Apparently their leader found a replacement for the subordinate that Irene’s gun so tidily dispatched.
“Give me a minute!”
paying Victor to keep him informed on my activities after all.”
you?” John rolls to his side with a disbelieving grin. “What is this,” he teases, “The Regency?”
When she slips her hand down to the front of his jeans to palm his oddly disinterested prick, he knows for certain there’s absolutely no way that he can go through with this.
“That seems particularly tactless of them.”
“Ah,” Sherlock hums noncommittally. Despite his tendency to veer away from traditional Alpha norms, in the end, he supposes, John is just as much a slave to biology as anyone else. “The sudden introduction of the scent of a potential Alpha rival where before there was an Omega dep
“Oh lord, I can only imagine the strop.”
Guiding the detective into the kitchen with a hand on his elbow, John perches Sherlock on a stool at the island to tend to his nose, commandeering a clean dishcloth from the nearby cupboard to staunch the bleeding.
what’s up, Sherlock?” John questions as he walks by.
With that he passes it back, nonchalantly tugging his glove on while John blinks in surprise.
points
“And how do you acquire this information?”
When he looks up at John again the excitement in his gaze is positive palpable. “Just
He’s off before anyone can stop him, exploding from the back of the van and breaking into a run down the street while Donovan shouts after him. He rounds the corner quickly, coming to a stumbling halt as he comes face to face with the heavy black gate closing off the small car park to the back of the building. He’s just determining how best to scale the smooth steel when the clang of a metal door crashing open sounds out somewhere up above.
“Fuuuuck,” John groans, limbs twitching under the onslaught. “You’re... um... a natural,” he adds haltingly, gasping for breath when Sherlock gives a pleased hum around him. For a short while he lies there pliantly; trembling and moaning in response to Sherlock’s dedicated ministrations. “Wait-” he pants after several long minutes. “Sherlock, you’ve got to... um- stop, or I- ah!” He taps frantically at Sherlock’s shoulder, until he finally deigns to flick his pale verdigris eyes up at John questioningly over the slope of his belly. “
“Sherlock,” John calls to him from the kitchen, over the familiar clatter of ceramic and gush of the tap that always precedes tea. John is nothing if not a creature of habit. “Are you up? I’m making tea. Would you like some?”
“Mmm,” Sherlock rumbles in response, rubbing his cheek against the pillow again in a lazy semblance of a nod. “It was an experiment, for the case. Needed to determine what sort of symptoms Maggie would have begun to exhibit if her suppressants were switched out with placebos, and how quickly. Obviously I was the most easily accessible test subject.”
“Yes,” Sherlock is quick to agree. "Best not."
Sherlock cuts him off abruptly, eyes remaining fixed on John.
”Sherlock...” John goggles over at him, more than a touch inclined to start panicking himself at the sight of Sherlock so unsettled. His mind rapidly conjures the worst of potential conclusions to Sherlock’s outburst, and his world tilts precariously on its axis.
“Yes, absolutely.”
“You need to get up! Lestrade has arranged to meet with Edward Cavendish at the Cavendish house— the actual scene of the crime! We need to leave immediately if we want to join him. Quickly, John!”
met the illustrious Sherlock Holmes today,” Mary cheerily announces down the line on his fifth night away. “A police officer brought him in — well, dragged him more like — with a knife wound needing stitches.” There’s a pause as she stops to sample whatever it is she’s cooking. “I can see why Moll’s so infatuated: tall, dark, handsome. Not to mention deliciously posh.”
“So what?” She arches one perfect eyebrow at him.
, as you so eloquently put it, is perfectly acceptable.”
Sherlock’s almost drifted off to sleep when John destroys the blissful peace of the moment.
When they return home, Sherlock barely reaches the door of the flat when his newly hypersensitive nose catches the scent. It's bold, but sweet; like licorice and dates, and quite familiar. Sniffing delicately, he follows it to it's source, through the kitchen and down the hall to his bedroom.
The cab comes to a halt, their destination easy to spot from across the street, with the police tape and flashing lights of panda cars.
“I’ll buy you a pint?” She offers, with a suggestive arch of her brow.
to the newly re-established scene of the crime.
He can tell plenty about the photographer from the the angle and framing of the shot, the choice of lens, and the cardstock the photo is printed on. But as for the subject, nothing besides the plainly obvious. “She’s an Alpha. Quite wealthy; either via birth or long-standing success, given the tastefully understated nature of her appearance, which lacks the grandiose excess the nouveau riche. Other than that, nothing whatsoever.”
the shutter for you to climb under and send a message through on this to signal you of when to knock the power out.”
Greg hastily untied the rope that was holding the strangers hands together and ripped the tape off his mouth, to which the man only stared at them both blankly. “You okay?” he asked concerned.
Sherlock had become accustomed to the noise that would always come from the room next door. If it wasn’t the crying children, it was the useless parents screaming and fighting each other. Some days it felt almost impossible not to go round and give them a piece of his mind, given that Sherlock wasn’t one to win many fights he thought better of it. His mind was always and will always be stronger than his physical form.
“You don’t trust me and I don’t trust you.” Was all he said.
“Yeah it was the only thing he wanted.”
“You’d think they would tone it down for some of the inspections wouldn’t you?” Greg said, not really to Sherlock but to himself, if Sherlock responded which he rarely did, it was a bonus.
Sherlock used some bobby pins to unlock the door and they both slipped inside closing the door quietly behind them.. sure enough there was laptops, seven of them in total. The amount of money they’d get for these was unreal. People would do all sorts to get their hands on them.
“Well now we’re going to have to go to the next town to sell those laptops. Will was our only buyer and now your decision to bring this strange mute man home with us has caused alot of hinderances Greg, we could have avoided all of this extra legwork.”
He decided to come up with a plan of action on how they were going to get to the hotel without being caught. The hotel was out of bounds you were not supposed to cross the border and head out of town. They’d be alright walking the streets normally for some time, but as soon as they approached the border they were going to need to slip away.
“If we stayed out there they would have seen us and killed us anyway.” John answered.
Greg rolled his eyes and left and returned a few hours later, knocking on the door four times to signal it was him. Sherlock opened the door and greg and said idiot walked in.
“A gift for who?” Sherlock could see Gregs reflection in the car window.
“That hotel is always trouble.” Sherlock said and he was right. The hotel was abandoned when the new system came in. So it was left and taken over by thugs all apart of miss Adlers crew. It sounds like theyre all muscle but really they are all complete weirdos who somehow are ruled by Miss Adler, everyone knew not to mess with them, only because of their unpredictability.
“Give them to him, he’s in no state to be doing a runner, he’d give up after ten floors of this building with the leg injury he’s trying so desperately to cover up.”
“We need to disorientate the guards in order the take them out, that’s where you come in Dave. there should be some switches near the shutter, you need to press them, this will turn the lights out and give me and Greg, who will be behind them. Enough time to knock them out. We’ll lift
“A car would be nice, make sure it’s a good one too, start it before you take John don’t try to trick me it doesn’t work.”
John readjusted himself shortly after, he grabbed hold of Sherlock’s sleeve pulling him up and into the petrol station. Sherlock followed not really having any choice.
They both sighed and looked over to John simultaneously, who was just staring at them both. Clearly enjoying them bickering from the smirk that was on his face.
“Very well, a car it is.”
“Down.” John shouted, making them both stop in their tracks, they both looked at him and he was signalling that they hide. They both moved to the right hiding behind an old abandoned petrol station, while John ran to the left taking cover behind some trees. “Movement.”
“On second thoughts i’m not very tired.” He heard coming from the doorway to his bedroom. Sherlock sat up in surprise, sure enough John was stood their staring at him.
The men shifted John over to there own vehicle just about to leave before they were stopped by Sherlock’s voice again. “What do you want with him anyway, why’s he so important?”
The only way to make money nowadays was through dodgy deals with criminals and becoming criminals themselves.
He put it on his list to ask Miss Adler if she had any information on John. If someone was bound to know something it was her. She knew most secrets. He needed to find out who this man was the sooner he did the better.
“Leave him. Just get the laptops.”
“What is it.”
While the blonde man was standing awkwardly by the front door still, staring at all their belongings. Now the lights were on his face Sherlock could study him a bit better. He had a striking resemblance to someone that Sherlock once knew that just didn’t sit right with him, he just put it down to coincedence for the time being.
“I need paying before the job.” Dave said holding his hand out.
“Killed us?” Greg asked swallowing the lump that had quickly formed in his throat.
Sherlock rolled his eyes in responce while checking out the office window. They would have company in about three minutes he guessed. “Great so now our theft has turned into babysitting. How delightful.” Sherlock said unamused.
We’re taking him to Will.” Sherlock said.
“I don’t want things to get messy I’ve got instructions not to hurt you.”
“Who would have any interest in me.” Sherlock said angrily. He was starting to get very irritated by all the enigmas around himself.
Greg was the one lucky induvidual that got to live with Sherlock. They had been given their accomadations and told who they were to share with. Most families got to stay together, however as they were both single and alone they were put together.
“You offered him rations.” Sherlock said, more a statement rather than a question.
It was the whole reason why he agreed to help his flat mate make enough money to hopefully fund an investigation to find his missing wife and child. Sherlock doubted they would ever be found, but it made Greg feel hopeful and made him look less depressed everyday, so he promised to help.
Sherlock grabbed the backpacks he had prepared for both himself and Greg. “Name?” Sherlock asked bluntly not really caring who this man was but he felt it was necessary to build an amount of trust, even if he only needed it for thirty minutes or so.
He wasn’t going to actually allow himself to fall asleep, not with this strange man in their flat. Unfortunately, the more John spoke the more questions that arose. He was truly an enigma.
Sherlock signalled to Greg to be alert incase they ran into the other guard, they moved almost silently across the warehouse, spotting the offices up a set of stairs. The alarm had been silenced by now so they didn’t have very long or the noise to cover the sound of them moving around.
Sherlock shot him in the leg. “Who is you boss?” He asked even firmer this time.
“Can’t tell.”
The man just frowned out him in confusion and stood up brushing himself down. Sherlock stood there analysing the man seeing if there was any information he could pull apart from him. There wasn’t much. He could see that he used to be a soldier, clearly left the army with an injury.. nothing after that was becoming clear.
Sherlock turned back around and saw the blonde hair sticking up over the duvet and he felt his heart stop for a moment, he was having deja-vu. He shivered and closed the bedroom door unable to look at the man sleeping in his bed as it was making him uneasy.
“Quite, think you should go round, have a chat.” Sherlock responded standing from their lousy sofa and strolling over to the window to check outside.
“Tedious.” Sherlock muttered sighing afterwards.
“I highly doubt that Greg, use that brain of yours that you are so keen to remind me on having, somethings not adding up about this.”
Sherlock went quiet then and they were still just staring at each other.
“He seems fine to me.” Sherlock answered honestly, the man really looked like he was fine.
“Don’t screw this up.” Sherlock stated not looking in his direction.
It was only when Greg said all done that it snapped them out of their staring competition. “Best get going then.” Greg said holding his hand out for the keys.
“You’re not going to shoot us, you didn’t the last time I’m sure you wont now.”
“You don’t trust me.” He said still not breaking eye contact with Sherlock.
It wasn’t safe for him to sleep, not while a complete stranger was sleeping in his bed. They had no idea how dangerous this man actually was or why he was wanted by so many. He was going to keep an eye on him, even if Greg was too naive to see a problem. Greg was too trusting.
“You don’t know what I was going to say.”
One of the men dropped something and their attentions were all caught for a second this was there chance. “Quick,” Sherlock whispered.
“Tired.” John interrupted them both stopping them dead in their tracks. “I’m gonna sleep in there.” He said gesturing over to Sherlock’s bedroom.
He was fond of Greg which was a massive statement for Sherlock and an even bigger compliment for Greg, as he disliked everyone he came into contact with. He was smarter than people gave him credit for however his trivial moaning was his greatest downfall in Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock was going to figure it out.
John unbothered by his gaze, “There approaching the door.”
“Yeah but if they keep making all that noise surely they will chuck them onto the streets... they won’t last very long out there.” Greg said visably shivering at the thought of living outside, continuing to scan the pages of the newspaper that someone who lived below had lended him.
“Ugh.” Sherlock huffed irritably grabbing his coat to use as a blanket over himself while he lay on the sofa.
Three guards Sherlock counted spying on them with bonoculars that he had stolen from Mycroft’s luxurious establishment months ago.
“I need to congratulate you on your choice of idiot this one is truly up there.” Sherlock smiled.
“It seems we are to be common criminals then.” He sighed, “An abandoned warehouse I’m guessing?”
“I know some information.. but there’s some bits of information I just can’t understand like someones stripped him of the evidence.”
“Naturally not. Would be incredibly idiotic to have a single amount of trust in you, when you won’t even tell us who you are.” Sherlock said bluntly.
“We don’t actually know his name, he’s clever like that..” The mans eyes slid shut and he was gone.
“Theyre the men from the warehouse clearly looking for their precious cargo.” Sherlock said glaring at John.
“We barely know this man or anything about him, he could have been tied up for good reason. Besides we’ve gave people to the dogs before, why’s this any different?”
Greg got his coat and shoes on and was nearly out the door before Sherlock summoned him back into the flat.
Sherlock held a finger up to his mouth to tell them both to be quiet. “Go in there and wait.” He told Greg who listened to him and shuffled into the petrol station.
The night before talking to John had left him with a strange feeling and one that he couldn’t understand. John hadn’t spoken to either of them all morning which didn’t really bother him, however Greg was not fond of silence it made him feel uncomfortable.
“Exactly, half the time he looks like he doesn’t even know his own name.”
“Right.” John said and went quiet again looking like he was contemplating asking something.
“No, you’re sleeping on the sofa.” Sherlock said quickly stepping infront of John to stop him from going into his bedroom. But John only pushed him aside and climbed into Sherlock’s bed anyway. “I hate him.” Sherlock said looking over to Greg, who didn’t really know what to do at this point apart from say sorry and quickly shift into his own bedroom.
“So..” Greg started to speak but Sherlock cut him off.
“Could do with an idiot to use as a decoy, take the attention away from us if it was to be a set up. we sneak in un-noticed as said idiot is being interrogated and later imprisoned for the good of us two.” Sherlock glanced at Greg who was disapproving of the plan but willing to go along with it. As there was nothing better to do.
The streets were quiet today not many people walking to the ration station and only one small patrol of military officers walking the streets.
“Do we leave him here?” Greg said looking back over to John who was still just taking in everything they were saying, watching them intently.
“Yeah he’s zoned out right now.” Greg whispered.
“Got a name?” Greg asked realising that this man was nearly as difficult to get words out of than Sherlock.
The hotel was a worn down building with lots of overgrowth, bits completely falling apart. Nothing outside of the town had any upkeep or looking after. So it was the perfect hideout for good for nothing criminals.
“You know I gave him fake rations too.. he didnt even check.” Greg said with actual disbelief like he couldn’t believe that some people really were that dense.
“Yeah.. except it’s not abandoned, only a few guards though I reckon we can handle it.”
Greg hid behind the counter while John ran behind the door ready for when it opened, Sherlock was looking for a back door that they could sneak out of.
“Your boss, who is it?” Sherlock asked moving the gun closer to the mans head.
“It was obvious. The way you hold yourself, your general physique, there’s an injury too I’ve caught you limping several times. Not a physical injury anymore, more psychosomatic because it comes at times when you’re relaxed.”
John didn’t answer just stared at him. They were standing a little too close so Sherlock took a step back feeling a little uncomfortable, “I wasn’t going to allow them to take you, you know that right?”
“We might have to wait months for another chance though. We will just have to be extra careful.”
“I can handle myself.” John said. “I’ve killed people.”
“You’re not going to need me to run on this job are you?” Dave asked.
“I don’t need cheering up. Nevertheless carry on.” Sherlock enquired as he raised his eyebrow.
“Nobody you need to worry about, just give us John back.” The man said with a smirk.
“John.” He answered still not willing to give out anymore information.
“They could of saw us I didn’t get sights on them.” Sherlock grumbled angrily pulling his sleeve back from Johns grip.
“Should rest though might have to fight off some common criminals tomorrow.” Sherlock said breaking the silence after it had become a bit too awkward, even for himself who enjoyed the silence.
“You know I don’t enjoy small talk.” he responded.
“What do you mean?” Greg said confused as he was being left in the dark about the plan once again.
“Will clearly wanted us to find John, why else would he be so keen to tip us off about the laptops. Clearly John is worth more, so we cash him in.” Sherlock said.
“He’s a gift.” The man answered.
“You ask so many questi-“ The man was silenced by a bullet that ripped through his shoulder. The man fell to the ground as he grasped at his new wound.
“Good faith.” The man said holding the gun out.
Everyone tried to stay far away from the hotel, however Greg was suggesting that they willingly went there. “Plus Adler isn’t very fond of us after we played against her that one night at the casino.” Sherlock finished.
“Yeah.”
“What if he kills him.” Greg said defensively, “we can’t let him kill him.”
“Who are you?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock glanced over to John who seemed once again unbothered by the current situation. Sherlock moved over hiding behind a car that was parked up on the road. He gestured for John to cross the road and hide with them in the petrol station. The men were close now and they might spot John if he ran across so he had to pick his moment with precision.
“Dave.” the man was certainly accustomed to high levels of violence from all the scars covering his face, not very noticible in places, still noticible enough for Sherlock, he was recovering from a leg injury judging by his stance and current way of holding himself upright. His shirt was slightly covered in blood, no doubt from him being beaten up not so long ago, probably a mugging.. hence why he was now stood infront of Sherlock in desperate need of the rations he saw Greg pulling out from their hiding place.
