“Yup. She pocketed Tony’s phone, and if the log of his belongings that we got from the SHIELD team on the ground is right, I think she also got his wallet.” Bruce shook his head. “She wanted to be taken. She must have figured he’d be able to do something with that, and she was right. Girl’s brave as hell. Crazy, but brave.”
Tony fiddles with his spoon. Okay, so maybe he’s a hypocrite. “We still take military contracts,” he tries.
Amora lights him up, flame and lightning crackling around the suit, crashing back down on him in controlled waves like it’s trying to find a way in, a way past whatever protections Loki had afforded him. Tony screams, vision going dark as the heat sears into his shin, blindingly painful and spreading. He fires on instinct, hitting Amora in the stomach, and the pain cuts out for a brief, merciful second.
“Go wild, Cap,” Tony says, and Steve crawls over him in the bed, straddling his waist and taking his face between his hands. He kisses Tony like it’s the first time, like it’s the last time, like kissing Tony is all he can think to do. It’s a kiss Tony recognises from nights when the nightmares send Steve into a flailing, gasping, dangerous mess, when Tony is his life raft in the cold ocean and the only oxygen he can breathe is the oxygen he steals from Tony’s lips.
He spreads his body to slow his fall, counting the seconds. Manual functions are all still in play, but he knows the benefit of surprising an enemy by playing dead. As he descends, the display flicks back on with basic functionality, albeit accompanied by static. He can see their adversaries come into focus, standing in a soybean field: Amora; a swarthy, bearded mountain of a man that Tony expects is The Executioner; another blonde woman that Tony does not recognise dressed in tight white and gold; and a very familiar brooding face in a black mask. They’re surrounded on all sides by a greenish force field, and it flares with every shot that Rhodey tries on it.
“Yes, terribly sorry, but I have to borrow Mr. Stark for a moment,” Pepper says smoothly, extending a hand and neatly hooking Tony’s arm. “If you’ll excuse us?”
Tony blinks, then turns his head. Steve isn’t looking at him, instead focussing on the page under his hands. His pencil moves over the paper in sure, smooth strokes.
When they got home, the tower felt a bit like a mausoleum. Pepper was there, alongside Rhodes, both alphas grim as Steve had ever seen them. Pepper offered him a perfunctory peck on the cheek, Rhodes a back-clapping hug. Steve offered up the bare bones of his mission reports, then begged off to bed.
“Why are you so calm about this?” Pepper demands, glaring at him. Tony shrugs, swallowing a mouthful of yoghurt.
He turns back to Tony, his eyes serious and bright with something Tony doesn’t understand, can’t name. “But I do trust myself to watch your back,” he says, nodding. “So that’s what I’m gonna do. And I need you to take my place, until I’m- Well. Until I’m better, I guess. I trust you, Tony, always. I trust you to make the call that saves the most lives, when it comes down to it. I just wish you’d be a little less self-sacrificing, and that’s what I’ll be there for.” He grins, now, a little more of the smile Tony knows and loves. “Someone’s gotta make sure you’re not martyring yourself.”
“Oh my god, how bad was Steve’s face,” he whispers, and Jarvis helpfully pulls up the security footage on the windowpanes in order to provide Tony with a crystal clear, life-sized view. He looks…wrecked, actually. Tony turns around.
“Why?” he demanded. It sounded almost plaintive in his ears, but he couldn’t quite get past his feeling of helplessness. Not because it was foreign, but because he knew it all too well from the time before the serum, when he was small and weak. He feels like a relic pulled off of a shelf. Something good to look at and remember, but just like Tony said on the helicarrier: not of use.
“Oh my fucking God.” Tony tightens his hand in Loki’s hair, whining as Loki rumbles laughter around him. He can feel the vibrations all the way to his hairline, and he whimpers a little when Loki pulls back.
An incredibly telling thing for him to say, Steve thinks. Or perhaps not. Most of the Avengers have worried about clones at one point or another, although usually Tony had to worry about LMDs or bots. Heck, half the time Tony was the one responsible for them.
“Fuck,” Steve whispered, watching as the girl and Tony were both shoved into one of the vans. Two of the students were sobbing, one blond boy clearly hyperventilating with his hands over his mouth, staring down at Tony’s belongings scattered all over the pavement. A quick-thinking Desi student took a photo of the two SUVs, and JARVIS helpfully pulled the photo up, the licence plates enhanced to show the numbers.
“Seems there’s a lot of that going around,” Rhodey says. His hand moves through the air like a scythe, as though he’s trying to cut away all the bullshit that’s been spewed this morning. “Did you people learn nothing from Project Insight?”
Eventually, a new shape darkens the doorway of Tony’s workshop: Reed Richards, hovering as though unsure of his welcome, his long-fingered hands twisting together.
I will only be embedding the banner as personally I mostly read fics on my phone and find it super annoying when I can't see the whole image and it takes up a lot of scrolling space and just makes my life difficult lol... but I will link in A/N before and after for the relevant scenes!
“I’m not alone,” Steve says quietly, and Tony swallows. He looks away, takes a long draught of coffee.
“There will be a hundred, thousand eulogies written to the monomyth of Captain America,” Tony says, and Steve bites his lip on a sad smile, because he already knows what Tony’s gonna say next. “I’m not here for that. I’m here to talk about my friend, Steve Rogers: a chronically-ill, second-generation Irish immigrant, who against all odds, fought for what was right again and again, no matter what it cost him.
Afterwards he took the bowls to clean, tidying up the stew and adding a log to the fire. He blew out a few of the lamps, then considered the bedroll in the corner that Wilson sometimes used, not sure of what the protocol was. He’d never come to the jailhouse just to sleep. He and Rogers had only ever shared a bed when one or both of them fell asleep after. More often than not, Tony tried to make sure that they weren’t seen leaving each other’s quarters in the mornings. It would raise too many questions if it was a common enough occurrence, although considering his reputation, the town would probably think he’d just gotten too drunk to walk the night before. Sometimes that was true, too, to be fair.
The squeeze is nearly unbearable, Steve hot and tight around him. He knows it must burn a bit, and he goes slow, revelling in the dazed, slack-jawed expression overtaking Steve’s face. His eyes are fluttering, half-shut, irises just a thin ring of dark blue around a wide black pupil. He looks wrecked and ravenous by turns, and when Tony’s fully seated he lets out a low moan, his thighs tightening around Tony’s hips.
If he wakes up alone at four in the morning, the room still smelling of sweat and sex and winter forests, then it’s nothing but a relief. It offers solid ground, concrete proof of a norm that seems to keep shattering around him. He rolls over, ignores his growling stomach, and tries to go back to sleep.
The Tank was hermetically sealed because the Hulk during a rampage gave off the kind of alpha pheromones that made even betas want to drop to their knees in cowering submission. It was part of what made him so terrifying. These days, the Hulk wasn’t like that, and mostly he was able to keep it under wraps. He was surprisingly gentle when he wanted to be, and he understood the concept of scaring innocents pretty easily. But the Tank was built for a worst-case scenario, and that’s where they were, now, Steve supposed. He wondered how Bruce felt about his failsafe being occupied. Twice, Bruce had come down and sit inside the Tank for hours, meditated until he felt like his head was on straight again. The first time Steve didn’t know why he’d done it, and he didn’t feel comfortable asking. Things were too new between the team then; they weren’t quite friends. The second time, Steve knew, the Hulk had taken on Skurge and a little girl had been killed by falling rubble. The girl’s family hadn’t even pressed charges; it had been obvious that it was an accident, and the government couldn’t leave a terrifying madman with a giant axe loose on the streets, but Bruce hadn’t come out for two days after that. To this day, Steve still didn’t know if he felt he needed it, or if he’d just wanted to punish himself.
When Steve was a child, church was always sacred. Remote. Clean. It was a place to go to get answers and be told how the world was in absolutes. Wisdom in ancient tongues. There was a part of him, he realised now, that had come here to try to understand how much things had changed to let a man as brilliant and defiant as Tony shine as brightly as he does. The Catholic church is a weathervane of what was acceptable amongst good but mostly socially conservative people. He thinks he’s beginning to see the truth of what Bruce had been trying to tell him before: the future is different, true, and sometimes not being guided by the easy markers of pheromone and instinct is hard. But it's…freeing, too. That was what Bruce had meant, when he’d talked about the advent of omega rights. When Tony talked about it not mattering. It's about being free to love whoever they want,
Loki folds his arms over his chest, unimpressed. “You may lie to the archer, but know that you do not fool myself or your assassin. To what end, then, is the lie?”
, something says inside of him, and well. That’s true, probably. He’s always been curious, always been dedicated to poking things, to twisting them up and taking them apart to see how they work.
Steve does not know how much more of this they can take. Perhaps it would be better if he were just dead. At least Tony could move on. Like this, they’re trapped. Tony begins to resemble nothing more or less than a broken-winged hawk—something ready to die, but not able to do the deed itself. He thinks, maybe, this is the thing that Carol and Beth and all the rest had known to be afraid of. The thing living in Tony’s body is not his friend. It is a creature that preys upon him. It eats him up from within, one day at a time.
“Ugh,” Tony says. More brain scans. But he goes, because the world keeps turning, and they need him for the good fight. “Alright. Let’s do this thing.”
Which isn’t to say that Tony stops working. More that he begins to work on everything that he’d left by the wayside. More suits, clean energy, foldable all-screen laptop tablet things. He keeps circling back to Steve’s blood, trying to figure out the trick of why Steve hadn’t healed, but he doesn’t get anywhere. Tony’s amazing at many things, but biology has never been his primary area of expertise. And the experts have their own things to deal with. Crises arise. Villains attack. Other people come back from the dead. The world spins madly on.
“Thank you,” he rasped, clenching down on the cool slate countertop for a brief second before pulling back. He’d broken marble, before, and slate was an even softer stone. He didn’t want to repay Clint’s kindness by ruining his kitchen.
“I’ll see what I can do,” he says with a humouring expression. Tony catches sight of Pepper slicing a hand across her throat in the corner of his eye, and is inordinately pleased when Dr. Chandrakar ignores her. “I can understand an urge to do violence after violence has been done. Best to get it out in a controlled setting, yes?”
EDIT: I am participating in the Fandom Trumps Hate Auction this year! If any of y'all want a fic and to donate to a good cause, the minimum bid for a work from me is $5. The more $ given, the bigger a fic I'm willing to write, and also maybe toss in some fanart! If that interests you, check out the listing
“Tony,” he says, and there’s that look that appears on Steve’s face, sometimes. It dawns slow, and gentle, and it feels like Steve is trying to hold him with nothing but his gaze. It stirs something in Tony’s belly, something roiling and strange, and his breath catches when Steve leans down to press a kiss to his furrowed brow. “I’ve waited years for you.”
“What are you gonna do?” Tony asks, setting his cup down and spreading his hands. “It’s not like it was his fault. He didn’t even know I was cursed.”
, now?” Loki asks. His eyes gleam dangerously, a green that makes Steve think inexorably of snakes and poison. “Did you think that because I went to my knees for you, you held dominion over me?”
, he thinks, moaning. He’s wanted to do this for ages, but both times Steve had completely assailed him. His mouth is watering, spit running down the hot length of Steve’s cock as he licks around the head, slipping his tongue a little under the foreskin and moaning at the musky taste of him, the smear of pre-cum on his tongue.
“If you want, I could walk in there right now. You could be free from the bond, no trauma, no foul.” Steve tilted his head up to meet Tony’s gaze, steeling himself. He was ready. He would take responsibility, like he should have done ages ago.
“I have no idea if it’ll feel anything like fucking you usually does,” Tony continues, with affected nonchalance. “Octopodes release spermatophores, which are incredibly sticky packets of spermatozoa. They’re contained capsules, meant to hang out inside the cavity of something called an oviducal gland until a female is ready to use them. Fertilization of the eggs doesn’t happen instantly, the way it does for humans. An octopus can keep some sperm on ice for when she’s feeling like making some babies. Isn’t that nifty?”
Tony hiccoughs a laugh. His fingers are clenched in Steve’s hair, flexing against the nape of his neck. He’s silhouetted against the sky, and that seems fitting, too. It’s how Steve is used to seeing him: above him, shining and glorious.
“Yes-” Tony manages, a half-bitten off kind of sound, and his eyes are closed. His eyes are closed, but Steve can imagine what he’s seeing. He knows. He knows, because Tony said he could stay. Tony kissed him.
“Perhaps you should think further on your conversation with Miss Potts before you ask that question,” JARVIS says, frustratingly diplomatic as ever. Steve closes his eyes, nods.
“Is this what you want?” Steve asks him. He opens his eyes, tilts forward towards the camera. His brows are creased as he studies Tony’s face on the screen. “Just this once, be honest with me. Is this really what you want?”
“She said that she didn’t care about the greater good,” he blurts, and the professor raises an eyebrow at him. “I know, right?”
“Well,” Bruce says, “Pepper is already doing construction on the mansion. If you wanted a place to retreat to, should something happen…” He surveys Tony’s wince with an unsympathetic eye. “I know you have bad memories lodged there, but it’ll look different than you remember. And it might be time for us to expand a bit, if you’re thinking recruitment.”
“I want to,” Steve breathed, desperate for Tony’s mouth. His breath was skating over Steve’s wet nipple, the rush of hot breath and cold air in alternation serving the sweetest torture. “Please, I want to. I want it.”
“I adore you,” Tony whispers, like he’s gifting Steve a secret, and the verity of it makes Steve shudder. Tony’s eyes are so bright. “And I’m so fucking glad you’re alive.”
Steve had always thought he’d go out in a blaze of glory. He always had in the past. And he didn’t mind it, so much, dying for the right reasons; saving the world from Thanos, or Onslaught, or Korvac. He’d always died standing up for what he thought was right, side by side with his friends.
"Mustang or Aston?" Tony asks, waving a hand. Steve grins at him and points at the '65 K-Code, and Tony obligingly unlocks the doors and gets in.
Steve swallows. “I’m ashamed to say I don’t know how many lives that would be, father. But I have performed many acts of charity to restore the city in the wake of the alien invasion, and I will continue to do so until she is made whole again.”
“For now,” Bruce countered, but he settled under Steve’s palm. He turned to glance at Steve out of the corner of his eye. “Wanna find some tiny plates of even tinier food with me?”
“Sir, it is often difficult to discern when Agent Romanov is asleep or awake based on comportment. The best way to know was to ask.”
Tony licks his lips, swallows whatever else it is he wants to say. He glances at Natasha, her green eyes narrow as she tries to find the lay of the land, before pursing his lips. “Fine, I guess somebody call Hill. But I’m telling on her to Pepper.”
Reed takes Tony back to the Baxter Building. There, he loses any semblance of normalcy. It’s always unnerved Steve, watching Reed work like this. Every part of him is in a different part of the room, doing a different thing. It’s enough to make even the most iron-stomached man flinch. He loops himself into accidental knots as he attaches Tony to various instruments, telemetry and all sorts of words that Steve doesn’t recognise flying over his head. He watches Tony be hooked up to machines he’s never seen before.
was the one who did it was four years ago, and we weren’t together then,” Tony said stubbornly. In defiance to his words, his arms had wound themselves around Steve’s neck, nails scraping gently at the short hairs at the back of Steve’s neck.
“You, going to a meeting voluntarily?” JARVIS asks him as the elevator doors close. “Wonders never cease, sir.”
“I like you,” Steve huffs, and that’s good. It means he’s relaxed enough to sass Tony. “Anything you do is good. I told you; I don’t need anything fancy.”
“We can’t take her. She was holding back because she’s not in charge and Loki was grandstanding, but if Amora lets her loose she could do some real damage. We’ll have to put Thor or the Hulk on her.” Tony sits down on a stool and pushes off the workbench, wheeling over to the display controls. He pulls up the battle footage. “Send this to Bruce, show him the suit damage. He can factor it in to whatever intel Loki gives him.”
“Ms. Potts is fine,” Pepper says, not buying Loki’s act for a second but a little charmed all the same. Tony grins at her, and enjoys the resulting flush.
It was a bit of a crush, but this was the one case where his celebrity helped. If he walked with authority, people assumed that there was a reason he was headed somewhere, and generally the crowd parted for him. A few younger SI employees took photos as he went by, and while usually he would be happy to shake hands and pose for selfies, Bruce was right. He wanted to see who got to take Tony out on a date this year. He’d feel a lot better if it was some old guy in a sweater, or a gawky intern that was mostly elbows. Steve rarely got that lucky, but a man could hope.
Steve's mouth, caught in the middle of whatever greeting he'd been about to offer, smooths into a surprised o. "I did, yeah."
“You’re so good,” Tony said, and Steve whined at the praise, his whole body rocking forward. “Gorgeous, fuck,
Stark glanced around the table, rubbing at his mouth with one hand. He looked baffled, but also, maybe, a little proud.
Tony was thankful for his own foresight, because the blizzard was in full swing when he stepped out of the rental stable. He couldn’t see an inch in front of his face, his wet eyelashes clumping with ice and making each blink a struggle for sight. He caught his hip on the hitch post before he saw it, and he nearly ran straight into the jailhouse wall before he found the door.
, and that self-knowledge sparks and ignites in his chest: a small ember of hope. He closes his eyes, leans back into the couch, and breathes in deep. Coconut, copper, electricity. Fresh wind. Wet earth. The old story about Benjamin Franklin’s key and kite comes to mind, and a smile breaks over his face. Tony, encased in metal, streaking through a storm. A comet. Brilliance and light.
“You don’t look like you’re on the lam or been blown up,” Sam observes, sipping a tall glass of water as he assays him. Steve rubs the back of his neck. “And Natasha isn’t here. So I’m guessing this is a personal issue that I don’t want to know about, and you just need a place to crash.”
Bruce waves a hand over his shoulder as the panel slides shut behind him. Tony understands; he used up his quota of emotional bullshit for the week on Monday alone, what with Steve and Pepper and Loki. He can hardly blame Bruce for rankling at having to play meddling therapist.
“You want to see who gets picked, don’t you?” Bruce asked, mindful of the ears around him. “It’s okay.”
“I come for the company,” Tony amended, but that seemed a little too honest. He cleared his throat. “No one else in this thrice-damned town will play me at chess anymore. Too much lost money and hurt feelings.”
“You lecture from an equal station. Or do you think I haven’t noticed the way you treat the others with patience, with kindness and familial grace, yet when it comes to the captain you shrink away as though he is a stranger? If you think suppression will protect you from your emotion, I can promise you that instead it will build until it becomes a deluge and swallows you whole. And then what will you do?”
Steve can feel his vision swimming up before him, nausea roiling in his stomach, and he turns and walks out into the gallery and heads for the bathrooms by the kitchen, steps more from memory than anything else as he tries to hold himself together. He barely makes it to a toilet, bracing a hand on the wall and retching nothing but water and bile into the clean white porcelain. The acid tears at his throat as he coughs, and he tries not to flinch at the sound of steadily approaching heels, dabbing at his mouth with toilet paper and splashing his face in the sink.
Tony frowns. He pushes Reed out of the way, and Reed lets him. He glances around, yawns, pulls his limbs back into his pyjamas proper. Then he turns and switches to another monitor.
Tony’s brain works like this, sometimes; cataloguing, testing, like he’s observing a subject in a simulation. Teasing the corner of Steve’s mouth with his tongue looses a soft, desperate sound from his throat, makes him tip his head a little, bare his ear and neck to Tony’s teeth. When Tony bites at his jaw, he closes his eyes, hisses a breath, almost relieved. His hand cups Tony’s elbow, as if to keep him close. Steve tastes distinctly human after weeks of nothing but Loki in Tony’s bed: the scent of unearthly forest and pine, the feel of ice under his tongue. Steve is warm salt, pulse and blood, the stomach-heavy musk of a human man sweating in the bright spring sun. Tony licks the salt from his pulse, the line of his sternomastoid, the shadows under his left ear. He wrinkles his nose at the faint taste of soap there, likely left from Steve’s rushed morning ablutions, and they pause for a moment, Tony’s forehead pressed to the hinge of Steve’s jaw. Steve takes a deep breath, his nose half buried in Tony’s hair, lets it out in a warm rush that sends shivers up Tony’s spine.
“And what gift is that?” Steve asked, leaning in to add a bit of backlight from the shine of the reactor to the bottom of Tony’s chin.
Steve stands awkwardly by Tony’s workbench, holding a tray of food. It looks like another stew, but Tony isn’t complaining. He should have eaten after his workout, but he’d been too keyed up remembering the flush high on Steve’s cheeks as the elevator doors closed. Steve’s scent—hot leather and citrusy clove—had hit him like a hammer as Steve’s arousal spiked. The pheromone compatibility of bonded pairs is no joke. Tony wanted to lick him all over.
“I’m not trying to be an asshole,” he complains, and Steve pulls his wrists away from his face. His expression when he looks down at him is kind, albeit sad.
“Define interesting. You want the news that’ll make you mad, the news that will make you cry, or the news that will make you regain some hope for humanity?” Bruce asked archly, and Steve grimaced.
“Wow, that’s a dark takeaway from that story,” Tony laughs, and Steve revels in it. There’s an easiness to him that Steve’s only ever witnessed when he’s working with Bruce.
“I’m Sight Bonded to a soulmate who hates me, and he’s got a stick up his ass a mile long. I just needed a break.”
, and when Tony shifts one foot to press his dextrous toes into Loki’s crotch he can feel Loki come underneath him, around him, a high, skirling whine making him gasp and choke around Tony’s cock as the soft fabric restraining his crotch soaks straight through. His eyes are red and watering, so emerald bright it’s like he’s lit from within, and Tony takes a long look at him, thrusts his hips up twice, then pulls Loki back by the hair and comes messily all over his mouth, his jaw, his gorgeous neck.
“Where do you expect us to put them in the meantime, if Pleasant Hill is to be terminated?” Secretary Ross asks, looking thunderous.
For a moment, he doesn’t understand what he’s seeing. It’s Steve. Steve asleep, a bit of drool at the corner of his mouth, on the workshop sofa. He’s got a streak of black charcoal on one cheekbone. Originally Tony set the photo as Steve’s caller ID as a joke, but looking at it now, he still manages to look like Fragonard’s Endymion. He’s unreal.
“The day after Happy died, I woke up and I thought, Oh. So this is the rest of my life,” she whispers. It is barely loud enough for Steve to be able to pick up on it even with his superhearing, and for a moment he is deeply ashamed of himself for listening in. Tony stiffens visibly in her arms. “It’ll get better, Tones. I promise.”
“I wish I could stay,” Tony said, regret pulling at his features. He pressed a kiss to Steve’s brow, his mouth, his chest over his heart. “Fuck, I love you.”
“My judgement is the best judgement in the field in terms of what I’m able to accomplish in the moment. No one else knows what it’s like to be me, how the suit works. Cap’s a good team leader, sure, but that doesn’t mean he always makes the right call.”
“Where is he?” he asks, staring at the crack under the door. There’s no light peeking out, just the dark seam between wood and wood.
Well, that’s a lie. He looks like he’s been trying not to cry for the past twenty minutes, which is 100%, undoubtedly Tony’s fault.
“You didn’t do anything wrong,” Steve said, wiping angrily at his face. Tony caught his wrist in one hand, pulling it away so he could kiss the tears from Steve’s eyes, and he was doing this all wrong. It was all wrong. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Tony. I’m so sorry-”
“Wow,” Tony says, because as much as his chest feels like it’s cleaving in two, he can see it. He can see it, and as always, he’s in awe of Natasha at her most dazzling.
“He’s also developed a resistance to controlling magics,” a familiar voice says, and Tony jumps and turns around. Nobody is there, of course. Bastard.
“And you were babbling—half in Japanese, half in English—about how Rumiko’s ideas could never die, and so she would never die. That she was a part of you now, always, because of how she’d changed you. Do you remember?”
Maria frowns. She crosses her arms over her chest. “You know, once upon a time, your business was my business.”
“Tony,” Steve moans, and Tony leans in and sucks a bruise onto his trapezius as he fits his tentacle over Steve’s chest, holding him up and suckering his nipples at the same time. “Oh, God,
Tony’s voice breaks. It’s the kind of breaking that precipitates a sob, and for one, dizzying moment, Steve thinks he is about to watch history repeat itself. Jim shifts, as if to go up to him, and Carol too, begins to rise from her seat. But Tony takes a deep breath, and shakes his head slightly. He fixes a weak smile to his lips and offers it to his friends. Then he turns back to the cards in his hands.
"Tony," Pepper says, threatening, and he can feel a painful smile bubbling up. "It's not true. You know I will always love you."
Steve closed his eyes obediently, slowing his breathing, adjusting to the scent of pack, of omega, of family. He let himself drift, and sink, until darkness descended upon him, and then he wasn’t aware of anything at all.
“Right,” Steve says, standing. His eyes catch on the bouquet. “Pepper said she’d ask you for a vase.”
Steve’s chest is tight. His throat feels raw, and he puts the box of cookies carefully on the edge of the worktop to prevent himself from crushing it. He can hear Tony curse under his breath.
“Go on,” Thor said, taking a long draught from whatever drink he was holding, and Steve nodded and headed for the stairs.
A loud cough interrupts them, and Steve pulls away, both of them turning. The sight that greets them nearly brings Tony to tears.
A lot of people are appalled that Cap hit Tony and nothing has happened except Pepper serving an epic takedown. Let’s be clear; this happens in the canon. Repeatedly, and without comment, and it is even directly stated that “They love each other. They just have some stuff to work out.” ( See https://41.media.tumblr.com/c08403e5bd82b6ef7c96369b28ef9c17/tumblr_inline_nlkmxetHPl1t1juve_500.jpg or as aforementioned, the Avengers: Ultron scene where Vision is created.) While I think their relationship is very easily categorised as unhealthy, I also think it’s important that Tony nor Cap see the violence that has transpired between them as abuse. If anything, Cap’s always more upset about the manipulation and the lying (both of which are fair to be upset about!) Tony, in my opinion, just does not get upset enough when Cap is an arse.
“You’ve progressed beyond your original coding,” Steve starts, then shakes his head. “Look, whatever you’re both mad at me about, I can’t fix it if he won’t see me.”
Okay, so maybe Steve was a little flushed. He’d blame the wine, but everyone knew that was impossible.
“Sentimental of you,” he jokes, but he turns around to face Steve, waving the displays away. “I’ve felt it too, I think. When you’re angsting about something particularly hard, it’s like I’m feeling an emotion that isn’t mine. I get the physiological response of grief or desire without the thought.”
“If you’re sleeping but you’re not feeling rested, then there has to be observable phenomena to corroborate it. Even if the cause is supernatural. Perhaps Steve being active combined with your psychic connection to his spirit is preventing you from reaching true REM sleep. We won’t know until we run some tests, and I’d prefer to do everything at once since I know sleep isn’t always easy for you.”
Devastated. Perhaps that’s the word. He rolls it around in his mouth as he watches Tony and Carol pass a joint between them, as far across the room as he can manage comfortably. He wants to give them privacy, but he can’t bear the thought of leaving Tony alone right now. Of returning to that place, the room with his dead body lying still and cold.
Pepper thanks the chef in Japanese as she closes her purse, then takes a last sip of water. "If Loki is wandering around, I'm probably going to stay at the mansion."
Steve laughs. “Alright, alright. I’ll leave it where it is,” he concedes. “I’m just saying, Tony’s a flawed man. He’s not always easy to take care of, but you stay with him because you think it’s where you belong. If that’s not love, I don’t know what is.”
“I’m making you uncomfortable,” Steve said. His voice was flat, but it was all he could bear right now. He took another step back, away from Tony. “I’m sorry.”
“I dunno what you mean, sir,” Steve says, and Tony huffs a helpless laugh. His chest aches with how much he loves this man. “Everything looks tip top up front. Thought I’d see if you needed an extra pair of hands back here.”
“Tony,” Steve says, helplessly. He puts an arm around Tony, careful not to go through his shoulders. “Come on, don’t do this to yourself.”
“People do strange things, in their grief,” she says. She speaks as though she knows well, from experience. He supposes that in the past year, most of the world would know well enough. “He lost both of his best friends, old and new. You lost your fiancé and your protégé. It makes sense.”
“I know what I went through,” Tony snapped, his blood rising, and the scent of his alpha angry at him sent him straight into a panic.
“Come,” he says, beckoning, and Tony goes to him with all the enthusiasm of a child being called to complete a household chore. “Am I to understand that Steve is here in the room with us?”
Just once, Tony would love to get called out into the suit for something fun. Maybe he could fight a terrible and hilarious supervillain on par with the Brothers Grimm. Something like The Human Top, who would just spin around smashing stuff until Tony took him out by tangling him in string. Or even a dragon. He wore enough armour for that, surely.
“Yeah, what of it?” Tony cuts in, speaking right over Cap. He can see where this is going, and he doesn’t anticipate any sentence that might come out of his mouth as particularly useful to avoiding a firefight. Cap stiffens, and Tony turns his head slightly to see Natasha behind him, likely restraining him in some subtle way. Good ol’ Nat.
“He should know better,” Pepper snarls, whirling to face him. She takes his chin in her hand, fury massing like a supercell when he flinches at her touch. “He could have cracked your skull open. I want him removed.”
It’s a risk. He knows, after how Tony reacted the last time, that it’s a hell of a risk. Tony might lash out. He might-
“Why is Hasegawa dead?” Tony says lowly, radiating fury now, and Steve gives Thor what he hopes is a speaking look.
“I’ve got a bad feeling about this,” Tony mutters, increasing his pace. Rhodey jogs up alongside him.
“Yes, your ‘fine equipment’ does not appreciate my power,” Thor grumbles, the words a filthy curse in his mouth as he spits them out. He’s really not feeling the tech today, Tony can tell.
“What the fuck is that?” Tony skirls, and then, “Oh my god, Bruce. What the hell did he do with my schematics? Why didn’t you use that earlier?”
“They’re all in the loop, including those senators that we already have a relationship with. JARVIS will follow up with notes.” She glances at her watch, expression creasing. “You should suit up soon. It’s almost ten.”
Tony pulls a very specific tentacle out of the water and curls it in front of Steve’s face. “This,” he says, twisting it so that Steve can see it from all sides, “is called the hectocotylus.”
“Why didn’t you and Cap ever...” Tony stills, unnatural and silent. Peter flips his fork over his knuckles in a small display of acrobatics that is deeply, uniquely Spiderman. He takes a deep breath, tries again. “I mean, after, when things had been fixed up, and Agent 13 and him had broken up, a lot of us thought, maybe.”
Steve notes. His mind switches tracks, running back over the weeks since his death like he’s watching battle footage with the team, trying to work out where something went south.
“Yes,” Natasha agrees. She sucks in a breath, the first sign of any kind of distress, and then her expression shifts. Something in it turns, becomes kind. Her eyes flicker behind him, pass over Steve’s face before they move back to Tony’s. “In the beginning, I told Steve that I don’t make mistakes. I was talking about your SHIELD evaluation.”
Sorry for the later update, I got caught up in my Potterlock fic, which has been languishing untouched due to technical issues for over a year. We’re back on track there, though, so if Sherlock or Johnlock or magical mysteries are your thing, you should check it out. (/plug)
“Jesus!” Steve shouted, because he’d seen Tony do it ten, fifteen, thirty times over and it still scared the hell out of him every time.
Strange,” Peter says, rolling his eyes. Steve doesn’t know how he’s able to convey that whilst wearing the mask, but Peter’s nothing if not expressive. “Maybe he can help.”
“I shall close the portal after the last of your machines passes through,” Loki says, and wow, what a trip to hear his voice on the comms and not via magic. “I will not speak to you while you are engaged with Amora, but I shall hear what JARVIS relays.”
“There was a statistical possibility, sir, but your chances of being severely injured were also quite high,” JARVIS says, and Tony throws up his hands.
The moment stretches out, slow and horrible, taffy-thick. It’s worse than anything Tony could have possibly imagined. Steve’s expression closes off the longer the silence drags on, until all of the tension that had bled out of him during the scenting is right back where it started. He’s stiff as a board as he retreats to pick up his paints and brushes, his little cup of solvent, his rag.
It’s unnatural, for Tony to be left with a lack of words. Seeing it gives Steve a chill unlike anything he’s ever felt before.
“That’s it,” Steve burrs in his ear, and oh, that’s never fair. Steve mid-sex is all Brooklyn brogue and rumbling purr, like the best kind of vintage engine. In the right kind of mood it’s enough to get Tony going, and he’s definitely responsive to it now. “You’re so perfect for me, sweetheart. Let me hear you.”
“Come, my friend, and let us finish our meal. Much of your portion ended up on these fine floors, and I do not think I will have fulfilled my duty as your shieldbrother if I cannot manage to fill your belly. I will admit, our Captain, Doctor Banner, and the Lady Natasha do a better job than I in this matter, but I shall endeavour to meet this challenge as best I can in spite of this.”
Steve clamped his fingers down on Tony’s hips, possessiveness tangling its way through his insides and snarling up his chest. Tony was so experienced when they’d first starting dating. He’d never imagined that there was something he could do for Tony that hadn’t been done by someone else, only that he’d have to learn to do everything so well that Tony couldn’t remember anyone before Steve. To know that he was the only person to ever take Tony’s knot in his mouth made him whine, and he slid one hand down between his legs and under his waistband to touch himself. He wanted to come for Tony, while they were tied like this. He wanted to cry and groan and choke on Tony’s cock as he came, to feel him so deep in his throat that Steve couldn’t swallow properly, just had to take it. He could hold his breath for nearly an hour, if necessary, maybe more, and Steve wanted it. He wanted it so much.
Steve rolls his eyes, wanting to savour the mead, but obligingly drains his glass. He takes a little Yamazaki for himself before Clint chugs all of it. “I don’t know what you want me to say,” he says, mulish.
“Yes,” Tony drawled, and his eyes were dark enough that Steve could drown in them. “Make sure you’re well rested, well-fed.”
“It seems so,” Xavier says, and Steve turns to look at him. “Does this time work well for you, Captain? Only, I have a teaching schedule, so my availability is limited.”
Steve’s eyes snap open. He squints carefully at Tony. “How?” he asks suspiciously, and Tony huffs a laugh.
Tony raises an eyebrow at him, but Thor is still laughing, body shaking with it as he holds his side. He exchanges a glance with Bruce, then Natasha.
“Been sleeping?” Beth says knowingly, and Tony offers her a wry smile. “Come on, why don’t we go upstairs? There’s bound to be some folks home. People are worried about you.”
Steve flinches bodily at the surname. “Tony,” he says, but Tony doesn’t look at him, purposefully walking past him and the people with loaded guns, all ex-military or SHIELD or CIA, and all completely loyal. He props a hand on Dr. Lennox Chandrakar’s shoulder, leaning into him a little and grinning at Steve again. He can feel blood dripping down his chin, to great effect.
Tony. Oh, Tony. Tony’s warm hand wrapped around his throat, trying to stem the bleeding. Tony shaking, fumbling for his phone, running back to pull it out of his suit jacket while Steve puts his hands on his own throat, trying to keep the pressure.
“Is it too late to call Stephen and tell him ‘never mind’?” Tony asks, and Steve barks out a startled laugh.
Clint whistled low, but Steve ignored him, fighting to maintain his composure as heat blazed over his face, his neck, all the way down his chest. He could feel Thor still beside him, Natasha shifting awkwardly, but he was too busy staring down at Tony. He looked like a deer in headlights, fawn-dark eyes wide with shock.
And that's a wrap! I struggled a lot with the ending for this one, and I'm still not sure if I'm happy with it. Meh. C'est la vie.
Tony tilts his head. “Sorry, not ringing any bells,” he says brightly, taking note of the way Amora’s mouth opens, clearly affronted. “So, uh. Wanna come back later? Or…?”
, Steve thought, with childbirth and all. At the time, Erskine had been working on a hunch. If the Red Skull had come about because of an alpha’s innate drive for power, then maybe the protection instincts of an omega were what was necessary to make the perfect solider. Steve jumping on that grenade had only strengthened his theory. Steve didn’t really know what it meant that an alpha had turned evil, and a beta split into two Jekyll-and-Hyde halves: uber-alpha, and meek beta scientist. He knew there’d been a hundred psychology papers written about all that, but he wasn’t interested in reading those things to see people tear Bruce apart for not being enough, or trying to play God, or lacking something that Steve supposedly had inside of him.
“Well, no,” Steve says. “She’s an untrained civilian. But she also wouldn’t want an enhanced who was qualified to do it, if she loved that person. Even if she knew they could help.”
“Yeah, you do.” Tony puts a hand to his ear, clicks on the comm. “Rhodes, you’re flying your own ass home.”
Loki sneers at him, black lips curling back over sharp teeth. “I would have thought you would sympathise with his moralising,” he says, and Steve looks at him. He looks at him, and he imagines what it might feel like to let Tony take him apart. He thinks about Tony’s warm, clever mouth, and the way his hands move when he works. He remembers what Tony looks like when he’s freezing someone out. Steve makes a decision, in that moment. Suddenly, the next steps are easy.
"Thank you," Loki says, smug bastard. He sounds like he's standing right behind him, even though Tony's forty feet in the air. Tony takes down a Hydra agent aiming for Cap, then blows up their evac vehicle. Then he takes down the five men fleeing the burning truck, just because.
“I want him to suffer!” the voice skirls, but someone else is reasoning with her, voice low and accented, pleasant. The woman collapses into sobs.
Thor turns to survey Tony over his shoulder, his muscles flexing as Loki fights him. “I killed Hasegawa,” he says, firmly. Tony frowns, but doesn’t interrupt. “I did it to make amends for having wronged you, and in the hopes of approaching reconciliation with my brother, who cares deeply for you. As for my part, I should hope you do not require a declaration to know I would kill for you, irregardless should you ask this of me. I have killed more for far less. It is what I would do for any shieldbrother.” His expression clouds, then. “Loki saw something that frightened him, truly. Enough for him to ask for my help, which I think you know speaks to the seriousness of his visions.”
Steve huffs a put-upon sound, halfway between a laugh and a sigh. His body relaxes a little in Tony’s hold, and it’s almost like it’s just them—alone, late afternoon on a Thursday, bickering over takeout. “Most people like an attentive beau,” he says. He reaches up and brushes over Tony’s cheek with one red gloved thumb. “I’m just tryin’ to do right by my fella.”
“He’s a natural,” Bruce muttered. He only sounded a little bitter. “This is amazing, by the way. I don’t even know what it is. It’s like foie gras, but foam.”
“This is going to end so badly,” Bruce says, and Steve makes some noise and moves into their line of sight, pushing his damp hair back nervously.
“I have plenty of ways to pleasure an omega that aren’t my cock,” Tony retorted, and Steve hummed in agreement, trying not to laugh. “She needs my fingers for building and my mouth for talking investors into giving us money.” He winked outrageously at Steve, which only made Steve want to kiss him.
Steve glances at the small metal box, swallows hard. “Can’t we just…make breakfast here? And we can talk?” But Tony is already shaking his head. “Why not?”
“His bond is incredibly advanced by comparison,” Bruce admits. “I’d…it’s like you’ve already Claimed him.”
“It was a bluff, you asshole,” Clint mutters, pulling an apple out of the fruit bowl. He lays down the cutting board and pulls a knife out of the block. “I’ll cut, you lay.”
“I just thought, y’know. It’s Saturday.” He opened the fridge, pulling out two cartons of Nellie’s, a package of the farmer’s market goat cheese that Steve was irrationally fond of, some spinach, a few heirloom tomatoes, oyster mushrooms. “I was thinking, maybe, if you were free, we could go to Belmont. Like you keep saying. I still haven’t been.”
“It’s okay,” Steve says, hearing his voice as though it’s echoing down a tunnel. “Whatever it is, it’s okay, Tony.”
Thor takes his arm, firmly manoeuvring him to sit on the couch. “Mind your feet on the edges,” he tells Tony, but Tony’s not listening to him at all. He’s still captivated by Ulrich, who’s gesticulating firmly in a way that Tony knows means he’s used to holding a cigarette when he speaks like this.
, the taste of him still lingering in Steve’s mouth. “Yeah,” Steve rasped, and it came out weak. “He is.” He cleared his throat, running a hand over his hair. “What can I do?”
Clint held the mask up for inspection, then turned a sharp eye on Bruce, then Steve. “Is Tony toxic now? Is he a mutant? Does he release poisonous spores? What the
“Alright,” he says. “Alright.” He sighs, and wipes a tired hand over his face. “He was at Avery Yamashita’s parents’ house this morning. They live in Bansall, CA. He wanted them to know what happened to their kid. If he’s on schedule, he’s headed to Cape May, NJ now, visiting the Thomases. He took the suit. He’ll be back tonight.”
, but God, did he want to know. With his luck, Loki would just disappear in one of his blinding golden flashes again.
This is the end of their strange acquaintanceship: the closest thing that’s felt even close to normal in this loud, over-bright new version of his city. He’s desperate, suddenly, to make the moment last, and he turns to Stark and his slick purple convertible.
“What the heck,” he mutters. He reaches a hand out towards the door, then tries to push his way through like he did with the helicopter. One more step. Just one more step-
“I could have saved them,” he says. “Cap forbade me from going in. Like I was a fucking child. It was selfish. I could have taken the building collapsing on me in the armour, if that was what he was worried about.”
That’s not true, not really. But New York is a complicated place for Tony. It’s full of ghosts. His parents, primarily. His misspent youth. His worst years of debauchery. There’s the portal, too—the echo of it, living inside his skin. He feels…unmoored, here. Out of place.
The resulting concussive force throws him back several metres, and his head swims as he tries desperately to get his bearings. The suit is flashing warnings all over the place, and Tony pushes himself up to see The Executioner flat out, his chest caved in to what Tony expects would be some excellent white butterfly material. The Winter Soldier is down too, and Loki looks like hell, his clothes tattered all along the right side of his body. A gold shield shimmers around both him and Amora, and as Tony drags himself to his feet he can hear the stirring of the enhanced getting to her feet behind him. Two down, three to go.
This Pepper is based very heavily in the MCU, and not at all in the comics, where she does in fact often serve as Tony’s moral compass. MCU Pepper is unabashedly selfish and self-interested, and that makes her one of the most unique female characters I’ve seen in recent years. She is allowed to love shoes, and her job, and not care about Iron Man because she wants Tony safe at home with her. That’s an extraordinary stance to take, and one that has been maintained throughout the whole MCU. Every fight she and Tony have is about his decision to fight to protect the world, instead of staying safe at home where Pepper can keep an eye on him. She is allowed to feel that way, and still be a likeable character, and I absolutely love that about her because so few women are allowed to be selfish in the way Pepper is selfish. Tl;dr I may be a slash shipper, but I love Pepper to death, and I’m so happy that the comments I’ve been getting from y’all have reflected that love back at me.
“We’re not dating, and he’s a big boy,” Tony argues, knowing how petty he sounds. “Honestly, he won’t understand. Cap’s not the virginal boy scout we pretend he is for kicks, but he’s not the sleeping with the enemy for intel guy either.” Natasha doesn’t disagree with him, and Tony thinks it over in his head, nibbling his lip. “He’s too polite to ask who I’m fucking, even if he suspects it’s Loki, and especially after a blowout fight like that. Plausible deniability, for now.”
Steve flushes. D E S I R E he says, and Tony winks at him. His gaze goes half-lidded, pulling carnality over himself like a well-worn fur meant for luxuriating in. It warms Steve down to his toes.
“How many times have we seen only the false and the flaws and never noticed the sweetness?” Tony murmurs to himself. A quote, from Tom Sawyer.
Eventually, the candle is burning in a bowl filled with thick sludge. Steve can’t smell it, but whatever it is makes Tony wrinkle his nose curiously, his perfectly arched black eyebrows winging down to sit in thunderous creases over his closed eyes.
He stood silent, straining to hear over the rush of the wind. A low moan was the sweet answer he’d been desperate for, and Tony dropped to his hands and knees to see the barest hint of a familiar boot under the snowy scrub before him.
“Tony,” Steve rumbles, and Tony smiles, leaning into kiss him. He gets a sharp bite for his trouble, Steve sucking his tongue into his mouth and moaning like he was made for it. It makes Tony forget himself, his hips thrusting against Steve’s for one delicious, vision-blurring moment of pleasure.
“I’m glad,” Natasha says, and Tony turns over his shoulder to glance at her. Her feet are planted flat on the floor, arms braced on the table as she looks him head-on. She tilts her head to the side in that familiar way of hers, like she’s looking right through him. “It was a job.”
For a moment––and he couldn’t truly say why, which is the most frustrating part––Steve is reminded strongly of Tony. Perhaps it’s the way he makes statements that would be a boast on any other man. It’s not a threat. Just a statement of fact, like he’s listing weather conditions. It will rain today. I could pull your mind apart like a wood chipper. I could turn every wifi-equipped device in the world against you. I could turn every person in the world against you. I created a new element. Do you want an umbrella?
“The place looks great,” he tries, following, but she doesn’t respond. Her orange hair swings behind her in a long ponytail, sleek as a whip. “Tony mentioned you’ve been working-”
“I believe so, sir. I would recommend you look at the helmet personally, however; I still cannot access the display. I cannot run diagnostics to see the extent of the damage.”
Afterwards, Tony feels scraped clean. Hollow on the inside, like an empty bowl. Sober isn’t the word for it. He doesn’t know if there’s a word for this feeling. He feels like there’s nothing left inside of him. He sits on the edge of the lounger, head between his hands, and tries to ignore the scent of his own vomit. He tries to gather the strength to stand.
Tony casts his gaze over the airfield, watching the bustle of planes taxiing along their careful trajectories. He’d always liked planes, even before the strippers and the private jet. There was something pure about them, mathematics and engineering all that kept a crowd from splattering to flesh soup on the pavement. Flight was the human miracle. Everything had to be perfect, precise, and yet still human error became the fault at the heart of it. And Tony just keeps making mistakes, rolling after each other and growing like the proverbial snowball and hill. The weight of it sits in his chest, mass growing exponentially, cold ice.
“I’m not saying this right,” Steve huffs, frustrated. “It’s just, everything, it gets all twisted round, and it hurts sometimes like you wouldn’t believe-”
that’s actually completely written! No slow update schedule for you to worry about here :D If you're sick of all the angst in this fic and want some sweet schmoopy early-comics-esque Steve/Tony, it shall provide.
“I like your cock,” Steve said amicably, pressing Tony into the wall and leaning down to mouth over his bondmark. The growl that Tony loosed in response to that comment made him shiver, goosebumps trailing delightfully all up his spine. “So let’s not waste time, hmm alpha?”
"Sure," Tony says, a deep feeling of trepidation creeping up on him. This does not bode well for future negotiations. "Whatever you want, Michelangelo. Paint away."
Hope you're all enjoying deus ex Franklin, because he was super fun to write. This fic honestly made me want to write kidfic, which is something I've never wanted to do haha. Maybe I'll give Steve/Tony from Dream of Bells some kids. His characterisation is almost entirely based off of the comic where he and Val fight Norman Osborn, because I don't read F4 unfortunately. I know a little bit from looking in on the Fantastic Fam from other comics, but I don't read much of their stuff directly. Sorry if anything feels off to anyone.
“Don’t even start with that. Every super from here to K'un-Lun would slap you for even suggesting it. You’re not the only one who cares about Steve.” Beth frowns, then: the first sign of weakness Steve’s seen on her face since she burst in.
Steve doesn’t think he wants to know what UST is. He straightens up, pulling his hands away, and Tony offers him the coffee mug wordlessly, but Steve shakes his head. He takes a cookie out of the packaging and pops it into his mouth instead.
“He had my weapon,” Loki says primly. “I used magic and did not reveal myself, but I am unsure of what he suspects. If he knows, he knows what I can do to him, and so he has said nothing. I had thought he died when the building collapsed, so I was surprised to find he’d survived. He must have fled the battle like a coward.”
“You want me to drive?” Tony asks, and Steve swallows. He nods. “But Captain, I thought you wanted to put your mouth on me. I was so looking forward to it.”
“The SRF has been notified, and are en route,” Hill says, the first time he’s heard her voice all mission. She seems subdued, which Tony credits entirely to Pepper. Maybe Rhodey had a point. “News reports seem overall favourable thus far, but you know how people feel about The Hulk. And it’s not even dawn yet.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, and he was grinning, Steve could hear it. His vision was blurry, his back arched, but he could hear the satisfaction in his alpha’s voice. He let out a desperate cry at the feel of Tony’s lips closing over his nipple, sucking, his tongue swirling filthy and wet over the skin. He took Steve’s cock in his hand, smearing his thumb through the mess at the slit, and Steve arched up into him and he was coming, again, his eyes slamming shut as every nerve in his body lit up.
Steve shakes his head. “I’ll clean up.” He swallows again, blinking quickly. His scent turns sharp when he’s angry like this—almost spicy. It’s still unbearably appealing. “I’ll go-”
Steve examines his face in the tiny kit mirror, trying to catch any stray bits of unshaved hair and likely failing. He rinses the straight razor in the bowl, gives it up as a bad job. Bucky snorts at him.
By the time Steve steps out of the bathroom, he’s mostly calmed himself down, and is making what he feels is an excellent attempt at pretending to be fast asleep. He can hear Steve pause in the doorway, a quiet laugh, and then the soft sound of his footfalls on the carpet. He feels a warm hand skate up his back, and he makes a soft sound and arches into the touch because he can’t stop himself.
“Do you understand?” Pepper asks, motionless and perfect as a statue, and Steve turns around and braces his arse against the sink. He holds out a hand for the glass, and Pepper gives it to him. “You are the bar by which Howard measured worth, and because you were a legend and not the flawed human man that you so clearly are, Tony was never, ever enough for him. Tony will forgive you anything, Steve Rogers, because you are his monolith. I, however, am not a Stark, and I will have no compunctions about making sure you lose everything that you owe to him and his family.” She pauses, holding his gaze as she very purposefully steps forward into his space, wiping the remnants of condensation from the glass onto the hand towel. Her gaze is steady, and when she speaks it is barely above a whisper. “Do not cross me.”
“I think about him or say his name and then he just shows up,” Tony says flatly, and Steve raises an eyebrow at him. There’s a pause, where both of them are maybe waiting for a miraculous
“Steve,” Tony murmurs. He curls back into the lee of Steve’s body. He presses their foreheads together, their noses. He presses a gentle kiss to Steve’s frowning mouth. “Don’t obsess. I’m sorry I brought it up.”
“You’re a lot easier to talk to over video, too,” Steve says, cutting right through Tony’s dramatics. It’s a nasty habit. Tony hates it. “It feels…maybe, like the stakes are lower?”
“NIA is taking point,” Hill agrees. “War Machine is already serving as liaison in light of the present situation. Probably for the best.”
Unfortunately, to the surprise of absolutely no one, he does not make good on his decision to keep his hands off of Steve.
Clint shrugs, unwrapping his hands. They’d gone a few rounds in the other ring before giving up the ghost and accepting that they weren’t going to be any good when there was this kind of show to watch instead.
“No problem, Cap.” He hesitates, rocking back and forth, before reaching out and awkwardly patting him on the shoulder. “I’m glad you’re ok.”
Tony furrows his brow, glancing down at his clothes then back out into the garage. A wry smile crinkles the corners of his eyes as he glances out across the dark pillars and the coleopterate metal shapes. He taps the edge of one curdled bruise.
“What kind of person do you think suits up and goes out to fight a giant cybernetic T-Rex in the pacific northwest on a Thursday evening?” Clint added in Steve’s ear, snorting. “Stable, well-adjusted people? Please, kid. Gimme a break.”
“I’ll have Bambi send you the info on the float,” Pepper says, and Tony nods at her. Then he steps out of her office, and closes the door behind him, because emotions make him break out in hives.
“Steve?” Natasha ventured, and Steve realised he’d been staring at Tony with a lovesick expression for far too long. Tony looked amused, but mostly worried.
He thinks, perhaps, Tony wanted Carol to be in charge of the Avengers so she couldn’t stop him from self-destructing down here. She’s too busy to run the team and shore up the superhero community’s crumbling morale and also make sure Tony eats three square meals a day. Jim’s been busy too, filling in for him. FRIDAY does her best, but there’s only so much an AI can do.
“You do know that everyone just saw me kiss you, and now you’re dragging me off to the back stairwell like you’re planning to ravish me caveman style, right?” Tony asks, stumbling behind Steve. “I mean, just saying, not sure what you were expecting that to look like, but-”
Steve hadn’t been awake for most of it. He’d watched Tony hash it out, over and over again. Tony had told the story until his throat was sore, until his lips were chapped, but eventually he’d reached acceptance. Which is why he’s here, in the workshop, asleep at a worktop. There’s still a smudge of Steve’s blood on him, behind his right ear. Steve has the strangest sensation, looking at it: like he’s glad, that there’s something left of him on Tony. He feels like once it’s gone, that’s it. It’ll be the nail in his coffin, so to speak.
Tony sighs, scraping the bottom of the yoghurt container single-mindedly. He hates this part; the politics, and the side-stepping, and the bullshitting. “Maybe I can make an AI decoy just for these stupid fucking meetings.”
Steve swallows and glances at him expression sheepish. “Well, uh, I have been. For the field, that is.”
Tony nods. “It hit queer alpha and beta men the hardest,” Tony says, “because the nature of the kind of sex they were having was more likely to transmit it. And then it hit omega men, because of the community overlap, and that was it. Like wildfire. Just…” He makes an illustrative, explosive gesture with his hands. “Incalculable losses. To the culture, most of all. It seems stupid to say, but that’s all I can think of. All the brilliant people I knew who were gonna change the world—an entire generation of intelligentsia, just fucking wiped out.”
“That’s plenty of time,” Steve said, turning around in his arms. He grinned as startled delight stole over Tony’s gorgeous face, leaning down to kiss him and speaking quietly against his mouth. “Give me something to look forward to, since you’re gonna be gone all day.”
“Take him to the medical wing,” Hank says, and all Steve can do is hover and follow along as they unhook him, as they move his body to a gurney and then wheel it down the hall and up a score of floors to the medical wing. He sits awkwardly in a corner of an OR as doctors and nurses poke at him, Hank presiding over all like a large blue conductor.
“Shall I revoke Captain Rogers’ access to the workshop?” JARVIS asks, and Tony raises an eyebrow. “Only, he’s approaching as we speak.”
“Hit me,” Tony says immediately. He turns off his soldering iron, sets it aside. Steve wanders over towards him and places a hand on his shoulder, wanting to be close in case the news is bad. He smiles when Tony leans back a little against his chest.
He takes his duffel bag and his shield up to his rooms and changes out of his clothes, then hops straight into the shower. He still doesn’t know where Tony is. He hopes that JARVIS would tell him if something happened, but he doesn’t really know what the protocol for that kind of thing is. In the old days, a soulmate would have automatically gotten rights to any medical information about their Bonded. But he and Tony aren’t Bonded, not really. They haven’t announced anything. There’s no bite mark in Steve’s neck, even if Steve’s body feels like it’s on fire every single time Tony touches him. He doesn’t even know if he can keep a Bond Bite, anyway. He’s never scarred before.
“I never asked you to kill someone for me,” Tony says, and his shoulders are shaking now. He’s about four breaths from calling the armour, Steve can tell. “It’s not the same. In fact, I explicitly said-”
Tony slumped, his full weight pressing Steve’s hips into the counter in a way that made him whine. “Oh, baby, that’s just not fair,” Tony groaned.
“Damn,” he whispered, blinking rapidly to clear the blur from his eyes. He hadn’t felt this sick since before the serum. He never thought he’d feel like this again.
“It’s weird,” Tony begins, but Steve just makes a humph-ing noise and lifts one hand in a breezy wave. The other he’s got clamped around the tentacle that’s wrapped up around his torso and over his chest, running his hand up and down it, over and over. Steve reaches back and fists a hand in Tony’s hair, leaning back onto Tony’s shoulder and letting out a throaty groan.
“You still think this is a dream,” he says. Cap’s silence is answer enough. “Fuck. What did they do to you?”
Steve closed his eyes, imagining Clint or Pepper’s scent stealing into their space. To his own surprise, a rumbling growl crawled out of his chest, and Tony let out a bark of laughter.
“No, listen to me,” Tony says, blinking as a terrible suspicion comes over him. He turns, leaning across the bar to face Steve fully. “I didn’t say anything because I thought you already knew. But Nat was with you through the whole Potomac Crash. She didn’t once ask if you were okay, or how you were feeling about this? She didn’t once bring it up to you? That doesn’t make any
Bruce is silent for a while. He digs his fingers into the muscle at the base of Tony’s skull, right above the atlas. “You hate it here, don’t you?”
That sounds familiar enough. Tony nods, dries his face in a towel. He runs some mousse through his hair, then sighs at his reflection. “I’m getting old,” he quips, grinning at Loki in the mirror. Then he heads out of the bedroom and into the common area.
, he decides, getting to his feet warily. Adrenalin had prevented him from noticing the pain yesterday, but oh, now he notices it. At the thought of yesterday his brain flashes helpfully to the image of Tony pushed up against the suit, lips red and spit-slick as he stared at Steve with a mix of shock and fright. In retrospect, Steve recognises the fear for what it was; Tony’s reaction to the sorry state he’d been in. He hadn’t been afraid of Steve. He’d been afraid
“You didn’t do anything wrong,” Tony tells him. He smiles a little, even though it hurts like hell. “You’re perfect, Steve. But I’m a mess, okay? I’m a mess, and all I do is ruin things-”
Tony frowns. That’s probably not good. “Patch him through.” He stands, deciding that whatever it is that has Rhodey calling on the clock probably requires a drink. “Sugarplum! To what do I owe this pleasure?”
“I was such a wreck at that point that I just smelled like alpha fear and anger. I’d been wearing the same clothes for months, and I’d sweat in them. Apparently it was overwhelming. I wouldn’t know.” He smiled, a sharp flash of a thing that made Steve wince. “My GP reached out to Pepper while I was gone. She was my health proxy, and he thought that someone involved in my recovery needed to know. Smart move on his part, even if it was kind of illegal. Pepper sent meds with Rhodey, so he’d be able to help me when he found me. She didn’t tell him what it was, because she’s the most incredible friend I didn’t know I had.”
“You are grand, Tony! You are everything you say you are, and so any scrap of attention is everything. You speak, and people really listen to you. They’re not just pretending because you’re famous, I mean they really listen. Do you have any idea how rare that is? Haven’t you ever wondered about that unshakeable loyalty you inspire, in everyone from old flames to paid employees? That’s not normal, Tony, that’s you.”
"I often am," Tony says. He wonders if his surprise is visible on his face. "What was I right about this time?"
Steve blinks. He waits to feel something about it. Shock, maybe. A slight sense of disappointment. But he feels…
“Fuck,” Tony hisses, flopping back down to bury his face in his pillow again. Then he screams, because that seems like the right choice to make right now. “Fuck fuck fuck
“He says ‘you’re welcome’, because he’s a flaming pile of horseshit and trouble but also actually pretty useful.” Tony shivers, then freezes, remembering in a rush that he’s only wearing a pair of fitted red boxers and everything that Bruce said to him upon their little morning chat all at once. “I…have an R&D meeting. That I am late to. So. I’m gonna go put on some pants, and do that.”
“Hey,” Tony says when the machine beeps, “it’s me. Again. Obviously. Dunno what’s going on, but uh, should I be worried? About you, I mean, because hey, this is pretty wild, literally no one being home to guard the Sanctum. Anyway, uh, I guess maybe I should send out a search party if a month passes? What’s the unacceptable timeline for your dimension-hopping sorcerer buddy to be totally AWOL? Please call me back, because this fucking curse is killing me, metaphorically, and
Tony raises his eyebrows and scoops some ice out of the bar fridge into two tumblers. "You're not the first to say that to me recently." He takes the stopper out of the decanter and pours two fingers each. "Captain America seems to think that he should take my word for it if I say we should give you a plea deal."
I sat all night after your heat broke and held you, touched you, and then I cried like an omega in a Nicholas Sparks movie because you were the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen in my life, and you were mine until one of us fucking died. You’d asked for that. You wanted that from me, for me, and then you gave it to me. You have given me everything I never thought I’d be able or allowed to have.
“Shut up,” Steve says, and then he kisses him, because he doesn’t know what else do to. He kisses Tony hard, teeth clacking unattractively before he’s able to get the angle right, but that seems fitting for this moment. He pours everything he’s felt since his death into the kiss: his anguish, his frustration, his anger, his tenderness. His sorrow, guilt, grief. He lets it all go, and Tony just takes it. He takes it, and he holds Steve in his arms, and he lets him come apart.
Tony has never been enough to please anybody. Pepper. His parents. His exes. Obie. It shouldn’t be surprising that even with the rarest of bonds within his grasp, and a Bond Mate inextricably chained to him, he’s still not enough.
“Less than an hour,” JARVIS replied, voice low and soothing. “They’ve administered the next injection, and are waiting on the blood test results. After that, Sir will go through the decontamination showers, just to ensure that his scent isn’t tainted when you see him. Doctor Banner will be the first to meet him, to judge if it is safe.”
“I haven’t done enough to earn my rest yet,” Steve says. It wasn’t what he meant to say, but there it is. Guilt curdles into the pit of his stomach, and Bucky laughs. It’s a mean, nasty thing, and it makes Steve’s throat tighten. Bucky’s tags clink softly against each other as he straightens up, the cot creaking beneath him.
Steve starts wearing blockers whenever they leave the tower, but otherwise he doesn’t bother with them. Tony doesn’t know what to make of that, but they don’t discuss it again. Instead, they work together on fixing up the city. Steve is called in often by the fire department when they need a bit of delicate heavy lifting: places where they crane isn’t quite nimble enough to pick something up without bringing the whole place down. He spends a whole week at The Frick, trying to recover paintings and statues from a wing that collapsed under the force of an explosion after one of the Chitauri’s flying scooters went rogue and crash-landed on one of New York City’s premier art institutions. Tony donated a few thousand bucks and then left him to it, too busy trying to make sure the 4, 5, and 6 were up and running ASAP. Between their work on the ground and the tower renovations, they don’t have much occasion to see each other. But every night, like clockwork, Steve slinks into Tony’s workshop with hair damp from a shower, and curls up in his usual spot on the sofa. Sometimes, always initiated by Tony, they make awkward conversation. Mostly they let the music play and don’t speak at all.
“I’m…” Tony swallows, licking his lips. Steve’s eyes follow the motion, and for a breath or two the tension between them ratchets, shifts sideways and solidifies into dark desire creeping out from an unexpected corner and catching Tony ‘round the waist. His face feels hot, and Steve is definitely blushing, blotchy and red and unfairly adorable. “God, Steve, you know I’m no good at this.”
“Shall I start a tally system, Sir?” JARVIS deadpans, and Tony grins impossibly wider. “You are in a good mood this morning. I wasn’t sure, after the events of the night prior, how you might be faring.”
"Okay," Tony says. It's quiet, but he feels fragile, right now. This moment feels incredibly fragile. "Okay. Let's do it."
Tony hasn’t had marathon sex like this since he was with Pepper, but it’s a Saturday so he doesn’t bother worrying about the time commitment. He has JARVIS hold all his calls and lets Loki work him over with his mouth and his fingers, coaxing the dry orgasm from him that he’d promised. Tony’s too boneless to move at that point, mostly just subjected to Loki’s exploration, but he lets him do as he pleases. He isn’t as young as he was, but he’s certainly not complaining.
Tony can’t stop laughing, now that he’s started. Steve looks bewildered, and he knows he’s being rude, but Tony can’t help it. He can’t stop.
“Yeah, ok, point taken.” He stretches, rolling his neck back. “But if you are, Steve’s not a great pillow. Too…hard. And Loki’s too bony, so they both lose.”
He slides past Tony with a pained expression, shooting Steve a disapproving look as he passes. “You hit him again, Bruce is gonna turn you into pâté,” he murmurs. Steve glances at him from between raised eyebrows.
“Oh,” he says, stiffening. “Is this…do you not, um.” He stops, pulling back further, until Tony begins to slide down the wall a little. Tony grabs on, clutching at his shoulders, and Steve stops. He looks adorably confused, but mostly sad. “Tony, I’ve…you don’t
“Your ego can handle it,” Steve deadpans, and Tony snickers. He takes a bite of sandwich, and Steve watches him chew with guilt sitting in his stomach like a lead weight. “I’m a mess.”
He does feel strangely…settled, after the mission. Nothing particularly exciting had happened. He suspects that SHIELD was testing him, making sure he was really ready for the field. But it had been nice, to feel useful again. To do something that Steve is undeniably
“I’m infertile.” He tapped the arc reactor meaningfully, letting the implication speak for itself. Steve knew that was a lie, now, but he shouldn’t. What should he say, to make this better? What could he say? “I had major heavy metal poisoning for a while, nearly died of it. So, uh. I can’t, ever. We’d never be able to-”
Tony laughs incredulously, turning to poke at one of the energy output graphs on the glass displays. “Do you think everybody is in love with me?”
“I pushed you up against the suit, Tony,” Steve says, sounding tired. “If you had protested, I wasn’t…you froze up and I just kept going until you
“Time is…fuzzy,” Natasha says. Her voice slips, the faintest hint of her original Russian accent slipping in. Her eyes are far away as she speaks. “I was young when we first met, because I was still short. Based on my memory of what I looked like, I would estimate that I was about fourteen. Maybe fifteen. He was brought in for specialised training, for the Widows. Only the accelerated students were allowed to test their mettle against him. I lasted the longest. I was very proud.” She shakes her head, slowly. “The next time, he nearly killed me, to prove a point. I hated him for that. For a long time, I hated him. He terrified me.”
“You don’t have control,” Tony says, spreading his hands. “You want us to build our headquarters in Burundi? We can do that, but the next time someone tries to turn the Empire State Building to rubble, don’t count on us for an emergency response.” He glances around the table, gauging responses. “Come on, we all know how this goes. You push too far, we’ll just leave, and no one will be happy about it. Build it, and they will come, am I right? And boy have I got the money to build it.”
"Next time we see Loki, we bring him in," Cap decides, and well. Tony rolls his eyes and anticipates a long and gruelling odyssey. That's worked so well for their other half-mad adoptive brother of a blonde teammate so far, hasn’t it? They even have matching hair.
“More than,” Tony says warmly, leaning forward to nose gently at Steve’s jaw. “Feel free to keep going, soldier boy. I’m enjoying being manhandled by all this American muscle. If high school Tony could see me now, he’d cream his pants.”
Steve looks down at the matte printed photograph that’s sitting on his desk. He presses one shaking fingertip to the gentle slope of muscle that marks the inside of Tony’s sun-darkened thigh.
He’s sitting on his balcony in a plush robe and little else. Wine red. His father’s, once, which he’d stolen just to piss Howard off. But it's comfortable, and worn, and still smells a little like the cigars Howard used to share with Obie. It's probably fucked up to take comfort in that but Tony's drunk and heartbroken, so who's gonna judge him? It doesn't really smell like that, probably, anyway. His father's been dead for 21 years. That's probably all in Tony’s head. A lot of things are just in Tony’s head.
There, at the very end of the worktop, is a bowl of steaming stew. Steve is nowhere to be found, and Tony wheels over to the bowl. There’s a piece of paper pinned under it, and he tugs it out, tilting it into the light.
“So you can lock me out, if you want,” Tony had said, offhanded, and Steve had been compelled to gather his mate up in his arms and kiss him breathless.
Steve is statue-still. He’s staring down into the empty soup bowls like they’ll save his life. “Your…heat,” he repeats curtly.
“Okay,” Steve says. It’s more breath than word. “Damn.” He reaches up and wipes at his face with his thumb and forefinger, smearing his tears on the top of his sweatpants. His mouth trembles, just the barest amount. He’s breaking Tony’s heart. When he speaks, his voice is rough. Pure Brooklyn brogue. He’s more than Tony could have ever dreamed of. “For what it’s worth, I do know you, Tony. I see you, the real you, and you’re brilliant, and incredible, and…and generous. I’m just real sorry I didn’t do a good job of showing you that.”
“I’m trusting you,” Steve said, but he turned to Thor. “You’re the strongest on the team, and you’re indifferent to our scents. You might be the one who has to keep me down.”
The third Sight Bond pair he’s met only recently, and he still doesn’t know what to make of them. Thor and Jane Foster are Sight Bonded, although both of them use the term ‘soulmate’ with the kind of free laughter that only new lovers can afford. Thor is a millennia old alien who’s never been Bonded before, and he was delighted to have finally found one of his matches. Apparently the Aesir often outlived their partners, but Thor had never even tried. He’d wanted to wait, reasoning that most Aesir found at least one of their soulmates in their long lives. He’d informed them that even Loki had a soulmate he’d outlived already: Angrboða, Mother of Monsters. Tony has no idea what to think about any of it, and so he tries to put it out of his mind. He’ll stick to the hard sciences and leave the xenobiology to Bruce.
“No,” Steve disagreed, shaking his head. “You never had to tell me. You didn’t lie. You’re an alpha. You are
The growl that Tony loosed was entirely predictable, as was the sharp bite he delivered to Steve’s bondmark. The pleasure of it still made him shout, back arching up off the bed as he squirmed against Tony, under him, gasping and shaking as Tony began to fuck him in earnest, hard enough that he had to brace a hand against the headboard.
"I cannot." He sounds upset about it. "I don't have the ability to scan for magical energy inside the suit, sir."
“Just a little further,” he tells it. He taps his fingernails against the crystal pane, that familiar clicking. “Give me just a little longer.”
“What do you think?” Steve asks, eyes crinkling as a wicked grin overtakes him. Tony’s mouth is moving, but no words are coming out, instead just gaping open and closed like a fish. “Hmm. Did I finally shut off that gorgeous brain of yours?”
gets sloppy drunk, not just Irish-Americans, which hey, speaking of trading on stereotypes and problematic stuff, that should definitely be a bigger issue. It’s impossible to get anywhere without getting sticky goop on your shoes from all the spilled alcohol. And what was the deal with the felt hats? Felt was awful, and staticky, and had never looked good on anyone. It was like his entire beautiful city became disgusting and ugly for a whole day
“I’ll ride down with you,” Steve says, and Tony inhales, glancing at the ceiling when the elevator doors open. He closes his eyes and lets the breath out, then turns and spears Steve with the kind of glare that makes lesser men cower. Steve only flinches a bit, but tips his head up stubbornly and follows Tony inside.
Steve let himself look for a few obvious seconds longer, trailing his gaze slow as a caress up to finally meet Tony’s eyes. In contrast to his words, his expression was delighted, even a little shocked. Steve grinned lazily at him.
Steve considered the question seriously. On the one hand, the knowledge that his mate lay just on the other side of the door made him want to tear through the metal plating with his teeth and hands alone. But it was a distant ache, like a bruised rib, and he took in a shaky breath and stepped back. Then he took another. And another.
Tony, bless him, has rolled up his sleeve without a wince. He offers his arm to Strange, who picks up an athame and slices across Tony’s forearm without so much as a warning. Tony sucks in a breath, but otherwise doesn’t react. It’s an unbearably familiar expression on his face, and it makes Steve ache to see it.
He disconnects Cap from the frankly alarming amount of tranquilisers they’ve doped him with, definitely magic augmented so they wouldn’t need to keep raising the dose as his immunity to the drug built. Then he has JARVIS poke at the supercomputer, careful of any booby traps Strucker might have left that could damage JARVIS’ integrity. They make the decision to upload the data to a quarantined server for later, destroy the DNA sequencer and all of the machines with Cap’s blood and tissue laid out in meticulous samples, letting the sparking metal erupt into flames. When Cap begins to come round, Tony pulls him off the heart monitor and all the secondary life support fail-safes. He thanks the science gods that Cap didn’t have his shield when he was abducted; the resulting pout at losing his baby would have been unbearable. He’s struggling against the restraints, muscles bulging, and Tony walks out from behind one of the machines with his hands raised, a camera-ready smile on his face.
“Jeez,” he says, and Tony barks a laugh at how familiar and dear the exclamation is. “I think I’d even prefer flying to that.”
He’d been counting on having Cap at his back for the coming negotiations. He was not looking forward to having to tangle with Ross without the weight of Cap’s disapproving stare on his side.
, that same nasty little voice inside of him said, and Steve licked his lips, fingers hesitating over the keys.
“Shh,” Tony tells him. He grips him tight, tentacles winding around Steve’s legs as he hugs him around the waist. “I’m okay.”
“When did I say that?” Steve interrupts, his heart starting up in his chest again, hopping along double-time. “When-”
"Well I just thought, with the compliments and the picking me up-" Pepper narrows her eyes at him. "Who said that to you?"
“I missed you, too,” Steve chuckles, shaking his head a little. “I probably scared everyone, didn’t I?”
“Yeah,” Tony says. He’s not really sure what to say next. Steve clearly likes how he smells. They’re incredibly biologically compatible. He’d thought that this part would be easy, at the very least. “So. What are you…” He falters, heart in his throat. Steve wants him sexually, at the very least. That…was obviously true. He’d
“You, too,” Tony whispered, and Steve smiled helplessly in response. A faint shiver of pleasure skittered over his skin at the praise, raising the hairs on the back of his neck. “I-…fuck, Steve.” He pressed a hand to the wall, frustrated. “I wish I could…”
“Better than dead,” Tony retorts. The expression on Pepper’s face is tired, withering, and Tony lets out a rough breath, fiddling with his tie where it falls over the reactor. “Teresa Alvarez went back for her dog, who she’d left in a warm parking spot with the windows cracked like a good dog mom. His name was Sunny. She was four months pregnant.”
She turns and studies the armour for a moment. She tilts her head to the side. Then a small, wicked smile overtakes her face.
Steve studied Bruce as he realised that he’d been speaking for a long time. He sucked in a breath, then offered Steve a sheepish smile.
"Perhaps if he had properly introduced himself instead of sneaking about like a petty thief, I might be better informed."
“If this doesn’t work-” Tony tries, but Steve just squeezes him tighter, enough that that the breath rushes out of him in a gusting laugh. It shudders out between their bodies, and in that moment Steve wishes nothing more than that he could feel it: warm, humid breath, Tony’s scent in his nose. The grit and sweat and dirt that make a body, real and seething with blood under his hands.
“Drop the martyr act,” Steve laughed, nudging him with his elbow as he moved into the kitchen. “I just got back from my run. Was thinking omelettes.”
Over the speaker system, he could hear AC/DC crooning “I want a mistress for Christmas” over and over, and he shook his head as he crested the top of the stairs. Leave it to Tony to pick a song like that. As he made his way through the crowd, the bodies began to get more and more packed, until finally Steve was forced to come to a standstill some good thirty feet from the walkway above the space shuttle where Tony was standing and chatting with Pepper. He looked incredible, decked out in a dark red tux that gleamed with a subtle floral design as he moved in it, and as Steve watched he turned to face the crowd with a wide grin.
“Steve has been paying Obeisance to you since he moved in here. It’s very clear in your interactions, Tony. In his mind, you are his alpha.” Tony opens his mouth to protest, but Bruce speaks over him. “Think about it, Tony. Really think about it. He brings you food. He always backs down from arguments. He follows your commands. He’s exhibiting textbook behaviour for an alpha joining a new pack.”
“And you?” Xavier asks. Steve raises his eyebrows at him, not understanding his meaning. “Did you cry?”
“Great,” Tony says, propping a hand on his hip. He examines the cluster of black cars that have rolled up. “I see…NIA, SSS, and DIA. Christ.”
“You could have told me, for one, that my force field technology was being used in a brainwashing program,” Tony retorts, leaning his chair back to balance on the rear two legs.
“Stark!” Amora screams, suddenly audible everywhere at once, and Tony turns back to her just in time to be hit in the chest with an electrical bolt. Her eyes are a blazing white-green, hair floating around her as though she’s underwater. She looks terrifying, energy crackling along her skin in bright waves, and Tony takes a split second to curse magic as he drags himself up. Amora hits him again, this time in the face, and Tony sees nothing but black for a second as the impact tumbles him back a few feet.
“I didn’t mean it,” he says firmly, and he hates this, he fucking hates it. That apology should have come from him, not a spell. It’s not real, and Steve deserves better. “But I can’t…I need more time. Okay?”
“I don’t think Amora getting upset at you for killing Loki is unreasonable,” Pepper points out dryly. Tony circles the arc reactor absently with his fingers, conceding the point. “I think…he misses her, actually.”
“Does he have somebody he really likes to work with?” Steve asked, because now that he thought about it, of course Tony would have a jewellery guy.
It was conspiratorial. Tony knows that, rationally. Cap was making a joke, about Irish stereotypes and disingenuous displays of ethnic pride, and yet. And yet, Tony finds himself leaning up, Steve’s eyes widening, those bright baby blues gleaming under the harsh worktop lights Tony’s set up to illuminate his work station.
“I offered to help you,” Steve tries to explain, but it comes out wrong. Gruff, maybe, or accusatory.
Steve takes the elevator straight to the workshop level after his run. He isn't above a little flirtation, after all, and he knows how to play to his strengths. When he punches his code in, Tony is bent over something hulking and grease-stained, piping and plating bathed in that familiar pale blue light. JARVIS keys down the music to protect Steve's more sensitive ears, and Steve walks to the other side of the workbench and crosses his arms, waiting for Tony to look up at him. The way Tony's eyes drag over the lines of his chest, lingering on his arms, the sweat dripping from his forehead and down his nose is satisfying, if not frustrating. Steve offers him a knowing smile.
“Just, you,” Steve says, and he’s blushing, now. “I imagined it all sorts of ways. But I got to have you, last time, so this was something I’ve been thinking about a lot.”
The speakers crackled again. “Well,” Riri said, sounding a little winded. “That’s because Tony’s chained to the wall down here. Don’t worry, he’s deemed me as a child in his pack that needs to be protected. You on a rampage could tear straight through the doors, Captain, but without the suit Tony’s stuck where he is. And before you ask, he hasn’t threatened me. Much. Well, seriously. He did threaten to make sure I’d only ever be able to get a job at Hammer Industries when he was done with me.” Riri huffed. “Like I’ll need to work for some old white dude to be somebody.”
Tony twists his hectocotylus deep into him and Steve lets out a loud, voiceless cry. There’s a lot to listen to: the sound of the bathwater splashing against the tiles, and the wet sounds of Steve’s breathing, the cries and moans he’s letting loose without a single care of who might hear him. He’s so beautiful in his submission. Tony can probably count the times he’s gotten to see this on one hand, and he feels like he’s stolen something precious every single time. Steve undoes him, wholly and truly.
Steve sighs. “I don’t want to upset you, but Bruce Hulked out after you left. I don’t know what you fought about, and we don’t have to talk about it, but I can’t leave him like this.”
“Are we trusting him?” Clint adds, and Tony stares at Loki, measuring the tiredness in him and knowing that it could easily be a ruse. He wonders what Steve would do, in his shoes, but he knows the answer; he’d try to get the best intel that he could, and he’d listen to his teammates. Tony wasn’t doing either particularly well right now.
. You cannot just rush in and refuse this. You cannot fight it. This is the world, every government, foreign and abroad. I have been fighting this my way, and I have kept us safe for years, but I can’t stop this one, Steve. We can either get inside and drive, or be run over, but we cannot stop it coming.”
washed this?” Steve asked, a sinking feeling building in his chest even as a grin began to build on his face.
There’s the briefest of pauses; it’s almost an eternity for JARVIS. Tony knows why. He hasn’t prepared for a flight of that magnitude. He’s still wearing a t-shirt and sweatpants and nothing else. But Gemini was built for this. Now’s as good a time as any to put him to the test.
Tony sucks in a sharp breath through his nose, staggering back and falling against the side of the doorway as his brain goes through a hard reboot. He can’t see, the blood roaring in his ears as the years return to him in a flood, and then the world tilts sideways and he loses all sense of direction.
Tony’s eyes darkened at that, but not in the way that Steve liked. He looked almost anguished, and Steve thought back to the slack-jawed look he’d worn when Steve first woke, as though Steve was a foreign body in his space. It made his insides twist unpleasantly, but Tony must have read his discomfort on his face and mistook it for post-heat aches, because he sat up with a self-deprecating frown.
“Roleplay,” Steve said, encouraging now. He slid his hands up Tony’s stomach, slow, dragging his sweat-soaked t-shirt with him. “Let’s pretend that I was jealous, and you appeased me by telling me how handsome I am, and now we’ve skipped to the makeup sex.”
Also, a cookie for anyone who recognised the Cap quote: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/ca/9f/32/ca9f3231cb0fd4cd3bd0d5a6274580b5.jpg
“Tony,” he says. He looks miserable, and Tony considers him for a moment, head tilted, fingers pressed to the corner of his mouth. “I…”
, okay? You could have gone in and killed yourself. Is that what you really wanted, Tony? I had JARVIS run the numbers, there was a 69% chance of serious injury-”
Tony turns to look at Reed with a glare that could peel paint off of a spaceship. Reed unabashedly puts his finger in his mouth, nodding at whatever he tastes.
“You never want to let anyone know what a softie you are,” Steve hums, and Tony doesn’t have to look at him to hear the grin in his voice. Steve presses a soft kiss to the back of Tony’s ear, adjusting Tony’s scarf so it better covers his neck and slipping his arms around to hang over Tony’s shoulders. He’s warm where he presses up against Tony’s back. “I know you wanted a date tomorrow, but uh. Are you opposed to dessert before dinner?”
“So what do you intend?” Tony says, sliding his hand across to drag his thumb against Loki’s nipple. Loki inhales sharply, and Tony offers him a wicked grin.
“Well,” Tony hedges, putting a dollop of toothpaste on the mangled white bristles. “Thor made it seem like she was just power hungry. Or maybe a groupie. Do you have groupies in Asgard?”
“Stop that,” Steve tells him, and Evan laughs a little, sheepishly. “We haven’t met, have we, Evan? Steve Rogers.”
“Because you’re an idiot who blames himself for Steve’s death.” Bucky snorts. “The last one. Although probably this one, too.”
Steve pulls away, irritation flaring up before he shoves it back down into his chest. “I’m not so messed up that I don’t know what I’m saying, Tony. This isn’t out of the blue, or-”
Steve’s crying, now, in the best possible way. His eyes are wet with tears as he shakes in Tony’s grip, and when he looks down into the water Steve’s cock is so red it looks painful. Tony’s tentacle is wrapped around the base and his sac, keeping him from coming, but it doesn’t stop Steve from trying to fuck up into his hold. He’s shaking from head to toe.
The figure stalks closer. A black mask covers his face, long, greasy strings of dark hair hanging over his eyes. He moves like a professional; unstoppable, efficient. He is coming to kill them, Steve knows. He can feel this in his chest, in his bones, heavy as lead. Panic bubbles up from his throat, accompanied by the copper tang of blood.
He’d be doing something normal. Eating cereal. Going for a run. Training in the gym, or washing a mug out, or petting a stranger’s dog. Then, suddenly, something would remind him; the glint of metal off of a passing CitiBike wheel, or a statue of lovers embracing in a fountain glimpsed through the black wrought-iron gates of some Park Avenue courtyard, or even the sound of church bells. Once, Tony had come into the kitchen, offered him a chaste morning peck, then bent down to tie the laces on one of the many pairs of garish, ugly, horrifically overpriced sneakers he wore far too often. The sight of Tony bent on one knee had sent Steve into a paroxysm of joy for one fleeting second, quickly followed by terror, then spine-locking embarrassment when he’d realized what Tony was actually doing. By the time Tony had straightened up, Steve had managed to get ahold of himself, but he’d completely overcooked the egg he’d been trying to fry. For once, he was the one ducking out, claiming to be busy while actually avoiding Tony. He was eternally thankful that Tony hadn’t noticed and called him out on it, partially because he knew how hurt Tony would be, but also because he didn’t know what he would say, yet. He wasn’t quite ready to talk about it, even if his mind was stuck, playing back the same line over and over and over like a broken record.
“What, because he’s black or because Steve’s shit at politics?” Falcon quips, and Tony can see the tell-tale signs of Rhodey trying to restrain laughter from where he’s engaged in conversation on the pavement below. He falls into parade rest, trying for casual and failing. God help him.
“Shh,” Steve murmurs. He gathers him into his chest, sweeps his hands comfortingly over his back, but it only makes Tony cry harder. “Tony, please.”
“Be nice, he’s crying for godssakes.” He offers Thor an apologetic smile. “Sorry, buddy, I didn’t think you’d…well. He’s fine, obviously. I wouldn’t kill him unless I really had to.”
“Yours. I’m yours, my alpha. My beautiful alpha.” He hooked an ankle around one of Tony’s legs, wanting him impossibly deeper. “My gorgeous mate, mine,
“He’s just jealous he doesn’t have anyone to call him a pretty omega,” Tony said, turning his head to stick his tongue out at Clint. Clint tried to bean him with a garlic knot, but Natasha grabbed it out of the air and began to rip it apart, popping a piece in her mouth.
“Too right,” Clint says, tossing a core and reaching for another apple. “When you get one layer down, pour a little bit of that mix over it. Use the teaspoon.”
He’s breathing slowly, now, calming himself, and Tony waits to see if he’s done. He smiles, tries for glib.
Thanks for reading! Sorry it's a little late tonight; I was out of town and have been driving all day.
“You’re starting to fray after so long without your alpha. You’re fortunate that you had a strong bonding experience right before he left. If not, you’d be lucky to be half as functional as you are now.”
“Steve-” Tony says, but Steve can’t wait. He watches the elevator doors close on Tony’s furrowed brows, the sweet bow of his mouth under his moustache, his beautiful doe-brown eyes.
“I did, sort of,” Tony admits. “But I was looking for something very specific. Anything that was supposed to help with heavy metal poisoning. Most of that was what to ingest. I drank a lot of algae.”
“What am I, the team pet?” Tony says, laughing, but he lets Thor pull him up and back into the dining area.
“Yeah,” Steve says. He bites his lip, glancing up at Tony from beneath his eyelashes, and oh, what a bastard. “Tony, I want you inside of me. I want you to claim me, to mark me up as much as you can, come on-”
“You’re a maniac,” Tony slurs, settling back into the sheets. The laugh that Steve looses is slow, easy. He leans in to press a gentle kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth, but he pulls away before Tony can turn his head into it, deepen it into something real.
The Black Widow steps out of the elevator, already suited up and ready for combat. Tony takes a moment to admire the competence projected with every step, the predatory grace that accompanies her in this form. He gestures to the oyster tray, which she ignores. Typical. He eats the last one himself.
Do better. Steve mouths the words as he walks out of the office, the door shut behind him with a near-silent snick. He turns them over as he waits for the elevator, watching the numbers tick over above the sleek grey doors. Do better.
“Falling asleep,” Steve warned him, and Tony laughed breathlessly, burying his nose in the dip below Steve’s ear. “Can keep going. But…”
“Shh,” Tony whispers, burying his fingers in Steve’s hair and drawing him up and into a kiss. He sucks Steve’s tongue into his mouth, running his nails down his scalp until Steve melts into him, moaning and weak to Tony’s ministrations. He pulls off with a gasp, and the kisses he presses to Tony’s neck are less frantic, more open-mouthed and hot with desire. “That’s it, baby. I’m right here.”
“Your bonding did not hurt,” Thor said, a knowing smile on his face, but Steve couldn’t even foster a blush at the teasing. “You and Tony, you frequently lavish attention on your mating marks. It is pleasurable to you, both emotionally and physically.”
“What aren’t you telling me?” Tony says, quiet. He watches, curiosity smoothing his face into a flat mask as he tries to puzzle him out. Loki’s hands are trembling on the glass, and after a minute Tony takes it from him and places it on the coffee table, not bothering with a coaster for now. The laugh that bubbles out of Loki’s throat is near hysterical, and Tony swallows, reaches for him. “Jesus, babe, come here.”
Steve clenches his hands, blood dripping down into the washbasin between his clenched knuckles. He doesn’t bother to turn around.
“You bastard,” he spits out, broadcasting loud enough for the gathered assembly to hear. He moves with intentional care, aping a more battered body than he has. Rhodey is snarling curses, engaged with Barnes while trying desperately to avoid The Executioner’s heavy swings. As he watches, that enormous metal axe takes off half of Rhodey’s guns, but Tony blocks him out for now. Rhodey can handle himself. “I vouched for you.”
“Sir,” JARVIS says, hesitant, “perhaps you ought to not be in the field for now. We do not have definitive proof that the only thing affected by this spell is your relationship to Captain Rogers. What if you are forced to obey anyone who looks like him? Or anyone dressed as Captain America? Or anyone you are sufficiently attracted to?”
Clint made them both pancakes at 3 PM, claiming that time didn’t matter because they hadn’t gone to sleep until “9 o’ clock in the fucking morning, and even later for you, Cap.” Steve wasn’t complaining. He was ravenous, always was after a long battle. When the pancakes weren’t enough for him, they made their way up to the communal kitchen to raid the fridge. Steve ate his way through: most of a pack of bacon; a four-egg omelette with spinach, sweet peppers, and cheese; a stack of toast; and two glasses of mango-orange juice before he was properly satisfied. At some point Thor wandered out to join them, so Steve had doubled his own portions, knowing Thor ate about as much as he did. Clint had watched them both for a few minutes before shaking his head and pushing away from the kitchen island with a huff.
“He left the state,” Natasha says, sounding disapproving. Tony shrugs. “You gonna tell him about this?”
, the sight of his back is not any better for Tony’s composure. The dimples over the curve of his arse are practically petitioning for Tony’s thumbs to fit to them. “I’m competing against a god, y’know.”
"What, that's it? He tried to kill you!" Clint turns to glare at Tony. "You, too! He threw you out a window! On the 90
“’S okay,” he tells Tony again, but Tony isn’t listening. He’s yelling into his phone, his eyes never leaving Steve’s face. He’s afraid to look away and miss the end. “Ton, dun’ cr-”
Tony doesn’t black out, but he does go somewhere else for a while. He must, because he comes back into his body disoriented, vision blurred, ears ringing. He can feel Steve, sloppy wet and hot inside, and Tony moans helplessly and sways forward a little into Steve’s back.
“You like her,” Bruce says, and the way he says it means that there’s a lot Tony’s missing. “You like her
“I know you were busy,” he said, shaking his head. He pulled them down the hall into the bedroom, then began stripping off his sweaty running clothes. “I was okay waiting.”
Tony ignores their bickering and fixes Minoru with a look. He’s had his eye on The Runaways for a while, mostly because they seem likely candidates for doing something horrible and stupid and getting a bunch of people killed and the wrath of the American government and people riled up in exactly the wrong kinda way. These two in particular have chips on their shoulders a mile wide. But they mean well.
I M G L A D Y O U H A D E A C H O T H E R, Steve tells him seriously. It’s a long sentence to tap out, but it feels important to say it right.
He pulls out the little blood tester that he and Bruce retrofitted—left over from his palladium poisoning days—and pricks his finger, feeding a hefty drop of blood into its mouth. The results come back the same. He’s in a nascent bond, and his cortisol levels are rising. His body wants him to finish claiming his mate.
Jim nods. He turns his eyes to the television, expression twisted into something wry and almost bleak. “It’s his inability to take anything for granted,” he says, and Steve hums in agreement. He perches on the arm of the couch. “It’s incredible. He’s the richest man in the country and the only thing he’s ever taken for granted in his whole tragic, little White rich boy life is that bad things happen to him. Always.” There’s an overwhelming fondness in Jim’s words that take the sting out of them. But then, Steve has never doubted Jim’s love for Tony.
Steve falls to his knees on the bed between Tony’s thighs, his hands hovering over Tony’s trembling legs.
“Trust but verify?” Clint says, sounding somewhat less aggressive, and Tony nods at him. Clint spares one last look for Loki before stalking out, and Natasha spares Tony a speaking look before following, silent and terrifying as ever. He expects he’ll be hearing about this later; he’ll have to pull out the good booze again.
“That was definitely censored,” Steve said, rubbing a hand over his face. He put one foot in front of the other.
“Don’t act so naïve!” Bruce snaps. His heart rate monitor beeps, and Tony stills, puts his hands up, turns back. Bruce is visibly shaken, eyes more green than brown, and Tony swallows, waits. “You are a…a black hole, anyone too close to you just gets sucked in. And we don’t have to be in love with you for it to happen, it’s just an inevitability, like gravity.” Bruce’s voice is both incredulous and reverent, and Tony holds stock still and just takes it. He wonders if Bruce lectures him because he knows Tony has to take it, if he knows he is the only one with enough of Tony’s affection and respect to have him listen, enough bite to make the bark a real warning, to stop Tony from pushing too far. He’s always been clever, though, Tony knows. It’s what made Tony reach out to him in the first place.
Tony spits, brushing his tongue a few times before taking the toothbrush out of his mouth. “She’s your friend,” he says, turning on the tap. He rinses away the toothpaste from the brush, his hands. Then he rinses his mouth out.
“Damn fool,” Tony grumbled. He was trotting slowly along the road now, keeping a sharp eye on the brush for any sign of blonde hair, a bright blue coat, a leather boot. As he watched, the ground was beginning to disappear below him, a heavy blanket of white floating down over the land. “Rogers, you all-fired barrel boarder, get up and answer me!”
He waved a hand, yawning again, then padded back into the darkness of the bedroom and climbed into bed. He left the door open in obvious invitation, and Steve stood and let himself bask in the scent of being in a fellow omega’s space, the scent of a packmate calming him just a little. Eventually, he walked into the kitchen and pulled out a soup container full of pad kra pao. He popped it into the microwave and watched it spin.
“Captain, I thought you should know that Sir has arrived at the tower. Doctor Banner has kept him in the biocontainment unit, and is moving him into the Tank now. His bloodwork should be completed within a few hours.” Steve’s heart lurched unpleasantly in his chest, relief and nausea warring inside of him for dominance. “I will keep you updated as things progress.”
“You’ve touched worse,” Steve says. He crumples up the empty soda can he’d found into a little disc, then presents it proudly to Tony.
Steve’s hand passes right through Tony’s curls. His hands are shaking, but no matter how hard he tries, he can’t touch him.
"Do you?" Steve asks. His face softens, turns pleading. It's a familiar expression, but it hurts less to look at it now. Tony feels the strangest sort of pride looking at him. He feels like something inside of him can finally just lay down and sleep. "I want you to know me. Will you let me try again?"
,” he says, slowly. “Something? Maybe? It was, like, just a flash of weird.” Peter wriggles his fingers by his temples meaningfully, and Tony sucks in a breath. Then he, too, slides down the cabinets, and sits heavily on the floor.
Tony sucks in a sharp breath. He blinks, fat tears rolling out of his eyes, down to soak into the pillow. A sob works its way out of his throat.
“Teasing bastard,” Steve growls, and Tony laughs, licking a slow line up Steve’s cock from base to tip. The sound he looses is pure filth, a low, rumbling moan that curls into a little cut-off huff of breath.
“Hang up, J,” he says, and then he turns back to the software he’s been writing for the lights on the float. “After this is done, I should probably go over there. Make sure everything’s okay.”
“Punny,” Tony says wryly, turning. Loki’s closer than before, and Tony holds still for his inspection, the line of his mouth thinning as he circles around and sees what is likely a sizeable bloody mess spread across Tony’s left shoulder. He stills at the touch of Loki’s fingers on the sensitive skin at his nape.
thought Tony was an alpha, up until Tony had used that word, and then he’d had to go to the gym and take a few bags apart because he’d wanted to ask
“Okay, Tony,” Steve says, and Tony smiles. He lets his eyes close, warm and sated in Steve’s arms. And if Steve murmurs things he tells himself he isn’t ready to hear a few minutes later, when he’s meant to be asleep, well. That’s just one more thing that they can not talk about in the morning.
“Your pheromones will not be beneficial to the team at present.” JARVIS, to his credit, sounded apologetic as he spoke. “Agent Romanov will not leave without your command, however.”
“It’s not your fault,” Tony said, gently, and that- that was just embarrassing. Steve took a shaking breath, rubbing a hand over his face.
Right now, Tony was panting above him, a steady stream of curses interspersed with adoring renditions of Steve’s name. If he was a different kind of man, he might even call them worshipful, but he wasn’t. He did, however, let himself feel a little smug. Sure, maybe being able to hold his breath for extended periods of time because of the serum was cheating a little, but Steve had never claimed to be above cheating a little to get what he wanted. And he wanted this, badly. He wanted the weight of Tony on his tongue, the smell of him, the way he squirmed and begged beneath him. He wanted the way Tony’s body flexed beneath his hands, increasingly frenzied as Steve bobbed up and down, Tony’s cock slipping into the back of his throat, the bittersweet musk of him on his tongue.
Steve wakes to the smell of cold metal and damp, aching all over. He cannot move, and when he opens his eyes the only thing above his prone body is darkness, stretching up and onwards into black and black. At the corners of his eyes, he can register a glow of some kind, a quiet green, the hum of electronics and machinery. He is unafraid, and unthreatened, and unconcerned by this predicament. Distantly, he knows that this is very wrong. Everything within him is numb.
“Of course,” he huffs, then pulls away. “I guess I should put some clothes on and get down to the lab.”
“Point,” Natasha said, eyeing the SHIELD agents behind them. To their credit, they were all doing an excellent job of pretending like they hadn’t heard a thing. “How many rooms left to clear between us and you?”
“You reacted less unfavourably to my presence than I expected,” Loki admits, and Pepper raises an eyebrow at him.
Tony had never been monogamous. It had never really seemed practical, all things considered; he’d been with a few genuinely awful partners in his time, people even he would even admit had treated him poorly. Most everyone wanted something from him, and after a while, he developed a reputation. It was easier to keep people away when he didn’t have to focus on any one thing. It helped, too that the people he fucked were generally equally as much of a workaholic as he was. It helped set certain limits on his life: boundaries on how much time he could spend with someone, how invested he could get, what he could ask from them.
Steve nods. He’s pretty sure the professor’s figured him out, but it’s better to preserve his sanity if he’s able to pretend that he doesn’t know. “She’d rather he wasn’t a superhero.”
“Do you know how many people he’s killed?” Rhodey says, waving an impassioned hand, and Tony rolls his eyes at him.
“It’s worked in my favour before,” Loki pouts, and Tony chances a glance at him in time to watch him close the book and transfer it to the coffee table. His eyes are glittering, but they’re more puckish than anything else, and Tony relaxes a little. He’s never quite sure how he softens Loki’s sharp moods, but whenever he manages it he marks a win for himself. “Come.”
After, it had taken them hours to get them out. The rubble was so terrifyingly unstable, and Tony’s concussion had made it difficult to be his usual hyper-intelligent self. Bruce and JARVIS had worked together to tell Steve and Thor exactly what to move and how to move it, until finally Tony was revealed, and then the girl. He’d made sure to be the first one to clasp Tony’s gauntlet, to pull him up and out of the wreckage. He’d made sure that he was smiling when he did.
Steve’s brow furrows. “Do you not want me to?” He swallows, the corners of his mouth turning down. “I just…I wanted-”
Loki hums, eyes fixed on where his finger is disappearing into Tony’s body. He rocks with it, curling one calf around Loki’s shoulder. Loki presses a kiss to the inside of his knee, a small grin on his face. He adds another, fingers circling teasingly before they press inside, and Tony stretches his right leg out to the side and pushes into the stretch.
When Tony’s knot went down enough, he eased back, swiping his tongue over Tony’s cock on the way up just to feel him gasp and writhe at it. Tony looked delirious, staring up at him with wide eyes. Steve flexed his jaw side to side in response, wiping the wetness from his lower lip with one thumb and then sucking it back into his mouth, chasing the taste of Tony’s skin. He smirked when Tony groaned at the sight of him.
“It will take ages to retrofit the tower, ugh. And it’ll look ugly as sin if we do a temporary fix. Frankenstein’s giant cobbled iron cock.”
“Big,” he manages, and Tony fails to suppress a simple, male kind of grinning pride that bubbles up from somewhere caveman stupid in his otherwise highly evolved brain. “Fuck, that’s so- it just keeps
He’s perfected hopping between the two places by now. If he closes his eyes and concentrates, he can find something that he can only describe as a trail of breadcrumbs. Little blips, like a slight tugging at the corner of his mind. If he follows it, he can feel himself get sucked in, compressed down, pulled like a string through the eye of a needle. He imagines it’s a little bit like what Hank or Jan feel like when they shrink.
“You set a bad example for the children, never wearing a damn helmet,” Tony always tells him, and Steve grins at the memory. He loves the feeling of the wind on his face, the rush of it through his hair as he takes a turn. He loves being able to hear the world around him as he drives, the rumble of the engine and then, fainter, underneath, the sound of the trees creaking, a hawk circling overhead, a murder of crows. On his bike, he understands intimately Tony’s obsession with flying. He’s jumped off many a height into Tony’s waiting arms just to feel that same rush with him, the air and the world and the speed of everything slipping past in a blur of colour and sound.
“Before the battle, he said you’d been an amazing mate for Tony. You two are…” She paused, and Steve raised an eyebrow, turning around and wiping his fingers in a kitchen towel. Natasha smiled at him, small and real, and Steve returned it with some confusion. “None of us have had any kind of healthy models for what a good relationship looks like.”
“Get off!” he wheezes, eyes swimming. JARVIS is telling him something, something important. He’s telling Loki to let go. “Don’t fucking magic me, you spineless piece of shit. Let go of me now.”
“He’d fight you again for saying that,” Peter says, and Steve shouts “I would” in furious agreement. “You know Cap loved you.”
“Well, we’ve established that I can’t do it,” Tony said, sliding smoothly into one of the stools at the island. He rested his chin on his hands, his eyes lowering to half-mast. “You said you were free all day.”
“Tony,” Steve says, anguished and angry all at once, and Tony spares a scathing glance for the elevator camera in order to best convey his displeasure to his errant AI.
Tony rumbled, a pleased growl travelling through his body as he pushed himself up and reached over to fumble in the nightstand for a plug.
Bruce just shook his head. “It’s not my place to explain,” he said. He glanced over at Steve. “Either you’ll know soon enough, or you can ask Tony about it when he’s home safe.”
edit: I re-watched Infinity War and realised that Tony actually has a canon flavour! So I changed that.
“Mine,” Tony was whispering, when Steve was able to concentrate on him again. “You’re mine, oh my god,
“Yes, yes, everyone’s kissed and made up,” Tony says tiredly, turning back to the television. “Are you showering? Sitting? Should I wait?”
Tony is a wreck for most of the rest of the day. He’ll admit it. He’s unfocussed, mind flitting back and forth to all the half-woven threads of his life instead of whatever he’s meant to be doing. He gets maybe two serviceable hours of work on the anti-magic arsenal done, instead checking up on the data decryption on the quarantined Hydra servers, running over improvements to the team’s body armour, fiddling with the designs for the Mark 51. He makes his way back up to the penthouse when JARVIS prompts him, changing into a pale blue Cerruiti, touching up his facial hair, breaking out a pair of alexandrite cufflinks to match his tie.
Steve’s entire body stiffens in Tony’s arms, his brow furrowing. Tony can feel the way his breath stutters in his chest under his fingertips. “What?”
Steve pressed his fingers inside himself, curling them and growling in frustration when he couldn’t quite reach what he wanted. He pulled out and used the slick to jerk himself roughly, Tony’s praise washing over him in a wavering tide, and then he was coming. It took him with such force that he lost a minute, pleasure whiting out his brain, desperate sounds caught in his throat as Tony’s hands gripped in his hair. He could feel Tony coming again, liquid trickling down his throat, and the feel of it made him shiver as he swallowed reflexively, again and again and again.
Steve’s jaw is so tight Tony can see the veins against his skin. “You’re too drunk to fly. You don’t know what you’re saying.”
, he thinks, curiously. It’s a distant thought, one that gathers shape and form as he studies his own lifeless face. He leans over it, frowning. What’s wrong?
Rogers’ face was shuttering, his body angling away, and Tony realised he’d been silent for too long. He offered Rogers a wink, because he didn’t like that look on the sheriff’s face.
Tony blinks. He turns to look at Cap, who’s staring at him with his brows furrowed. Blood is streaked messily over his chin, across his frowning mouth. Clint doesn’t waste time. He stumbles forward, his shaking hands beginning to run over Natasha’s body. She’s wearing the clothes she usually lounges at home in; black leggings, a soft cotton shirt. Still, he manages to pull two knives from her ribs, tucked in against her skin in a harness. She wasn’t using them, and that’s enough to make Tony pause, frowning.
“Can I say something you might not like and not have you kick the shit out of me?” Tony asks. “Only, it seems like your brother’s busy, and no one’s here to jump on you and give me a chance to get suited up.”
DUM-E beeps and swivels a claw at him, almost sympathetic. It’s the only response the universe sees fit to give him.
“I can see why you are the best Earth has to offer,” Tony hears, faint over the distance between the sparring mats and the bench where he and Clint are sitting. That was Loki, prince of the backhanded compliment.
There’s a pause, the AI equivalent of JARVIS clearing his throat. “I’m not sure I understand your question, sir.”
It isn’t like SHIELD hadn’t given him pamphlets about modern gender and sexuality dynamics. Proper conduct. Harassment. They had. Of course they had. But it was one thing to have read that, and another to understand, suddenly and on a deep, visceral level, that he had violated a significant cultural norm. He can remember with perfect clarity the feeling of standing over Tony, faces inches apart, snarling like an animal into Tony’s deceptively calm, faux-casual smile. Tony’s expression had flattened, then: disgust, or perhaps disdain was a better word. Like Steve was something disgusting stuck to the bottom of his overpriced shoes.
Steve swallows, guilt and desire tightening around his chest in suffocating bands. “Yeah,” he rasps. “I, uh. I thanked him, last night.”
“Stop freaking out and watch the movie,” Tony murmurs in his ear, breath sweeping over Steve’s neck. He shudders, his reaction met with a low chuckle. “Later, okay?”
“Not really,” Tony laughs, because he knows that isn’t true. “Lots of people want or need something from me, which is different. Learned that one ages ago. Though sometimes I forget.” He sighs. He hates being this drunk. It always sends him on a wild emotional roller coaster. So many ups and downs. He doesn’t want Steve to see the down part. There’s nothing Tony hates more than pity. Worse, pity from his so-called soulmate, Captain America. “Fucking joke.”
There’s a moment of silence where he can feel Widow glaring at him, but she eventually does as requested. It’s the most logical tactical decision, after all.
Tony swallowed, acutely aware of the fact that he and Rogers were here, alone, mostly undressed in the middle of a blizzard. The smile that Rogers offered him was small, approaching wicked.
“Lock it down, JARVIS,” Tony said, walking towards him, and Steve couldn’t have stopped looking if he wanted to.
"Just, enough, Rogers. I changed my mind, reset on the morning, pretend I never said anything to you, okay?" Tony looks hunted and exhausted all at once, and Steve stares at him for a long moment, tracing the familiar shapes of his face, the well-worn laugh lines and the bluish skin beneath his eyes. He looks fragile, and all too human.
The sound Steve makes is broken and half-feral, his fingers grasping at Tony’s shirt, curling into his skin, against his stomach, undoing each button one by one and bathing them both in familiar pale blue light.
"Why thank you, Mr. Stark." She glances down at him, eyebrows raised. "I saw you on the news yesterday."
When the pain comes, it feels like every punch that’s ever hit him, all at once. Then teeth, or maybe needles, a million pinpricks of light over every inch of his skin. Phantom creatures tear at his body, consuming him.
Ah, yes. Because Steve believes in soulmates, and he’s determined to martyr himself for Tony’s comfort out of misplaced obligation. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do.”
It was a testament to Rogers’ influence that Cage and Miss Jones were even out here. Ostensibly they were just working together, but Tony knew that in much of the country, a black man and an unmarried white Calamity Jane alone in a mining shack in the winter was cause for a lynching. He’d heard rumours, too, that Cage and Miss Jones were more than friends, but they were good workers, willing to take most any menial job if it meant payment. Mining was hard, not always profitable. They had to get by somehow, and having an extra pair of hands around had done a lot to help the town a time or two. That, Rogers’ ban on lynchings, Cage and Miss Jones’ almost inhuman strength, and the threat of the sheriff’s quickfire shot had kept them safe enough. Tony considered pointing that out, telling them to come with him, but he knew that was a fool’s errand. The pair only had one horse.
Ah, that. “Yes,” Tony says, spinning back around again. He picks up a soldering iron, puts it down again. “I do, technically, have the authority to do that. And you didn’t see him when he woke up, Nat, it was like…” Tony stops, swallows. His throat is dry all of a sudden, a shiver skittering over his body. “They fucked him up.”
“Oh, God,” he says, suddenly, and he doesn’t want to be here. He doesn’t want to hear this. Surely, surely he can be spared this-
, he remembers Cap saying, full of accusation. He clears his throat, tilting his hand back and forth in the air.
“I’ve read those,” Steve protests, sounding a little offended. “They came out in the 1800’s. I’m not that old.”
“So, you became boring and predictable because it was unpredictable for you as the God of Chaos, and now you’re switching sides because you were getting…too predictable?”
“Can I ask a question?” Steve asked, biting his lip. He’d wanted to know for so long, and now seemed as good a time to ask as any.
“Hush,” Natasha said, looking between Steve and Bruce with a speculative expression. “It’s none of our business why. Just that we get the job done.” Her voice made it clear that she was quoting something, or at least referencing something only the two of them knew. The scowl on Clint’s face only confirmed it.
“In my defence,” he says, “whatever it was, it wasn’t even my fault. In fact, I’m disappointed! I left my best men in charge, and I went to handle an Avengers emergency. It’s not my fault that things went pear-shaped in my absence-”
?” Tony drawls, beginning to rock his fingers in and out. He can feel Steve loosen up under him, intentionally relaxing his muscles. “Tell me more.”
Steve lets out a shuddering groan. He takes Tony’s mouth in a bruising kiss, and Tony grins into it, teeth clacking unattractively for a moment before he controls himself. He feels like his skin is on backwards, like Steve’s hands are touching his insides. His palms are so hot against Tony’s stomach, his thumb tracing a scorching line over his collarbone. He feels raw, flayed open.
Steve sighed, lassitude overtaking him as his body readjusted to having his alpha with him, inside him. He’d been so keyed up for weeks, and here he was safe, and loved, and taken. He buried his fingers in his alpha’s hair and smiled sleepily up at him, rocking a little into each thrust.
Steve doesn’t react. He takes him at his word, gently wiping the blood away in methodical, circular strokes. When he’s done, he leans in and presses a soft kiss to the centre of Tony’s chest, where the white tracery of scars from all of his myriad surgeries sits. Then he stands and tips Tony forward, nose to sternum, and does the same thing to his back.
Loki's waiting for him when he gets out of the elevator. He's in his battle armour this time, but unarmed, and thankfully lacking a helmet. His hands are folded behind his back. Tony considers him, standing patiently in the middle of his penthouse, then glances up at the nearest camera.
“Have mercy,” Tony begs, and Steve laughs at him. With a soft sigh, Tony pulls his hectocotylus slowly, gently out of Steve’s body. Steve moans sweetly when he pulls out, arching his back. “Baby, come on.”
But his mother had just offered him a wry smile. “If Minerva is punishing me for daring to have such a clever child, then I shall bear the punishment with grace,” she’d said, leaning down to kiss his brow.
“Well,” she said, slowly, in a way that was vaguely flirtatious, “you’ve been voted Sexiest Man Alive twice now: first in 1992 when you became the world’s youngest CEO of a Fortune 500 company in history, and then again in 2009, after you’d solidified yourself as Iron-Man and become the world’s first so-called superhero. But there was a lot of controversy the first time around, because that honour had never been given to someone with an undisclosed dynamic before. It had, in fact, been called Sexiest Alpha Alive since the award debuted in 1985. The first and only woman and omega to appear was in 1993, when Cindy Crawford and Richard Gere appeared as a couple. Then it went back to white alpha men. Denzel Washington was the first man of colour in ’96. Then we had Jude Law, the first beta, in ’04. Some people have called you a trailblazer, but there have also been people who’ve claimed that if you’re not an alpha, refusing to disclose your dynamic is cowardice.”
“Come on, let’s try that block I taught you last week,” Steve said, clearing his throat, and Tony studied him in that uncanny way he had, like he was pulling Steve apart to see how he worked.
Tony opens his mouth to protest, but Steve stops him with a single finger on Tony’s lips. He props his head on his hand, resting his weight on his elbow so he’s sprawled half over Tony. His free hand traces the planes of Tony’s face, lingering at the corners of his eyes, the lines framing his mouth.
“You want my knot?” Tony asked, pressing his mouth up against Steve’s rim, licking between his fingers, and oh, his teeth-
“Gonna offer me a glass of warm milk to sleep, too?” Natasha says, and Tony huffs a laugh. “I’m a big girl, Tony.” She approximates a smile, flashing a taunting curl of lip. “You might want to go and soothe Steve’s ego.”
Steve rubbed a hand over his face, exhaling sharply. He could still feel the adrenalin rushing through him. “Um. What did you guys do?”
“No,” Peter says, frowning up at Tony. “We all saw it. You would have let him kill you. I know you don’t remember, but I do. I was there, on both sides. You made some terrible choices, I’m not disputing that. You did some really truly reprehensible things. But Tony… You thought that maybe he could end it, because you knew you couldn’t. You wanted to compromise, and he hit you with the EMP. You asked him to kill you, so you’d stop fighting. You
“What do you need?” Tony asks him. He sucks Steve’s earlobe into his mouth, teeth grazing the soft skin. “What do you need, baby?”
“I didn’t do anything at all this time,” Tony protested, and Steve couldn’t help but lean in and kiss that stunning grin of his. “You didn’t let me.”
“Steve, stay with me, okay? Help’s coming, just, stay with me. Stay. Hold on. Stay with me, don’t- you can’t, don’t go, just-”
“Clench up tight,” Tony tells him. He forgot he was still holding the phone, and he almost drops it into the tub as Steve does as he’s told. He tosses it onto Steve’s uniform pants and then uses his free hand to get a grip on Steve’s hair, pulling his head back onto Tony’s and baring his throat. He’s a long line of submission from cock to chin, overlapping bruises in perfect circles visible on the bits of thigh that peek out between Tony’s tentacles. His abs are straining, and he’s gasping for it, begging-
Natasha is sitting in the dark library when he arrives, two steaming cups on the small table next to her. Tony takes the adjoining armchair and grabs one of the mugs, inhaling the sweet scent of chile and mescal and cocoa.
Tony tilts his head, considering, and studies Steve’s face, the jut of his chin halfway between embarrassment and determination. Steve submits to his examination, expression entirely too placid: butter wouldn't melt in his mouth, no sir.
“Yes,” Tony hissed, fucking into him a little more roughly, and ohfuck the stretch was so good. “Come on my knot.”
"You're gonna regret that later," he says, and is rewarded with a flash of something vulnerable in Tony's eyes before it disappears behind a mask of vehemence. "I won't say you didn't mean it, but you'll regret it. When that happens, come find me, and we can spar it out."
“Steve,” Tony says, in that tired, exasperated way that Steve has always hated. “I’m putting a lot on faith here. I don’t even know you are who you say you are. I don’t even know if you’re real. So we’re gonna run some brain scans on me, and see if Friday is able to pick anything up, and then we’ll go from there. Okay?”
“You didn’t ask me,” Tony said, stubborn as ever. His arms were wrapped around Steve’s neck and his mouth tasted like happiness and champagne and canapés.
JARVIS wisely stays silent. Eventually, Tony pulls himself up and puts on grease-stained jeans and a long sleeve cotton shirt, finishing with a pair of sneakers that have seen better days. Fuck the investors and their stuffy expectations, he decides, R&D loves him and they’re his people and he needs to blow some shit up. He tops it off with a Guns N’ Roses t-shirt, just because.
“Maybe,” he allows. “But so far he’s made good on his word. It’s like Tony said; this would be a long game, even for him. I just wish we had a little more transparency.”
“Great,” Tony says, shifting in place. He feels awkward, suddenly, unsure of himself in the face of a battle that’s bound to be bloody. “I had JARVIS put Dr. Cho on standby.” He glances at Loki. “Would you be able to open a return portal to Seoul instead, if J gives you the coordinates?”
There is a moment where they are both, unspoken, reminded of what Reed said about pedestals and equal relationships. Tony has the grace to look sheepish, and Steve reaches out and shoves him down and ruffles his hair until Tony grins up at him from under his hand. Something about the boyish expression is enough to make Steve’s chest squirm with butterflies.
, Captain. Children punish each other for being different, out of jealousy, out of fear that they are less than. And you are. To me, you absolutely are.”
Steve takes a slow breath, but he can’t smell anything. The expensive herb and wood smell of Tony’s shampoo is just a memory.
“I don’t know when Loki will be back,” Tony says, fingers flexing on the table, and Steve reaches out to twine his together with them. “I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I want to talk to him, before we do anything else.”
all over again. Steve curled up against his chest and tried unsuccessfully to stop himself from grinning. “I know they say saying it during sex doesn’t count, but-”
A bubble of laughter, some applause. Steve grinned a little, himself, but he couldn’t say it didn’t hurt, too. He wanted to be up there, with Tony. He wanted to be able to say something like that and have it be that easy.
The first, completely absurd thought that trickles into Steve’s mind as he tries to keep out of Logan’s way. And then,
“I thought I’d trapped you in a bond, not that you didn’t want to be with me,” Steve explained. “I know you love me. I’ve never doubted that once, Tony. Not once, even after you rejected my bond offer.”
Steve gets up and comes to hover awkwardly behind Tony, holding his hands stiffly at his sides. Silently, Tony shows him what he needs Steve to do: lift the armour’s unlocked left leg up and out, so that the inside of its thigh is exposed for Tony’s perusal. Steve would love to watch what he’s doing, maybe ask some questions, but the position is so suggestive that he can’t bear to. Instead he lets his gaze wander around the room almost sightlessly, taking in all of the unfinished projects and things he can’t fathom the purpose of. His soulmate might as well be a wizard, for all he understands about it.
He’s standing outside of Rogers’ door at midnight because Shuri had kicked him out, telling him that if this was a temporary result of a traumatic brain injury, then he needed to sleep and recover. And he’d tried, really. He’d really tried, but he couldn’t stop thinking about what she’d said, the way Rogers had looked when Bruce had told him to leave.
“I never thought…after everything I’ve done, I never thought you’d forgive me,” Tony says quietly. He speaks it like a secret, like a confession, and Steve turns and presses a kiss to his open palm. “I don’t deserve it. But then when it happened, I thought, of course. Of course you’d forgive me. You’re a better man than I am. But I…I can’t understand now, why you’d…”
so strong that he could feel his heart kick up in his chest. His fingers fumbled at the hem of his t-shirt, pulling it up and tossing it onto their bed. Next his slacks, his hands trembling as he folded them carefully, lining up the hems. He hung them up in the closet, then stepped into the heat room in nothing but a pair of briefs.
“It’s no longer acceptable in America,” Bruce had explained to him. The quiet, muted way he inhabited the world was more noticeable when Steve had seen how he bloomed open for Tony. His jealousy curdled inside of him, thick and acrid in the back of his throat as he swallowed down the urge to growl. “Outside of the U.S., that’s not necessarily the case. But it’s become standard for people in the so-called First World to tamp down on outward primal expressions of their dynamic. Dynamics are considered private, and many people in the U.S. are on suppressants year round, now. Many omegas and alphas live as betas. So Posturing, it’s, uh…”
“I still think Beth is hot, and I don’t have to do what she says. Same for Pepper. And anyway,” Tony says, incensed now, “who’s side are you on, anyway? You know I could have saved that woman-”
“Was it…was it because of what Amora did?” he asks. “I know that I was a trigger for you for a while, but you came back here, to me, anyway. And I know Barnes-”
Loki’s eyes flash with something covetous at that, and Tony grins at him, rummaging around in the drawer to pull out one of the stretchy silicone ones. He holds it between two fingers.
In another world, one where Steve walked right up to Tony and introduced himself like a proper gentleman, shook his hand and full-named himself and Tony smiled at him like he was everything he’d ever wanted, Tony would teach him every piece. He’d guide Steve’s hands over the armour, hands laced together, and murmur the name of each part into Steve’s ear-
“I know that. Relationships are about hard work.” Steve smiles, bittersweet and true. “We’ve had a lot of hard, recently. But it’s worth it, I think. He’s worth it.”
Stephen stares at him dispassionately, his lips a thin line of distaste as he glances over Tony’s tech booth. “Then I suppose I am joining your…float,” Stephen says, lips curling disdainfully over the word.
Steve frowns. He pulls away, just far enough to search Tony’s face. “First of all, no,” he tells him sternly, and he smiles when Tony looses a slightly hysterical laugh. “Second of all, you also saved me, so if we’re keeping count…”
. Steve wet his lips, rocked back and forth on his feet a few times, then reached out and punched in the door code.
Steve startles as the lights of a black car flick on directly in front of them, briefly blinding him. “You took your sweet time.” Bethany Cabe’s voice echoes menacingly, and Steve can feel his hackles go up. “Another catastrophe? Just couldn’t decide on what to wear?”
“Yeah,” Steve murmurs, moving closer. Water laps softly against the side of the tub. “That exact expression.” And then he leans in and kisses Tony, hard, with unmistakable intent.
Hill smiles wryly, nodding again. “You’re familiar with Doctor Charles Xavier. He’s done this kind of work before, and is the most proficient telepath in the world to our knowledge. He also has a Ph.D. and M.D. in psychology. I can reach out on your behalf. SHIELD has a good professional relationship with the professor.”
“I do not feel comfortable leaving you alone while you are compromised,” Stephen says, ignoring Tony’s jibes. Typical. He’s no fun.
“Yeah.” He glanced back, towards the door where the storm raged outside. “Want me to try to fetch Doc Banner?”
homophobic?” Peter asks, sounding incensed now, and Tony laughs. A bright, hysterical peal that scrapes over Steve’s nerves with all the gentleness of a cheese grater.
There were a lot of differences in the modern world, the most common being that a lot more people wore scent-blockers of some kind. An unbonded alpha or omega’s pheromones could betray them at the worst times, if they were interested in someone, or angry, or happy about something. In a world where corporate espionage and spy-craft were a part of their daily lives, it was something that most of The Avengers used. But after a strenuous workout, well, all bets were off.
“Okay,” he says. He steps forward into the room, slowly, as though Steve is something fragile and ready to be spooked. He is, really. “Can I touch you?”
“I didn’t know that this was what my research was being used for,” Selvig grouses, rubbing at his mouth.
There’s a long moment wherein Steve’s face does something complicated, something that Tony doesn’t quite understand. There’s fear there, and self-loathing, things Tony is both intimately familiar with and baffled to see on Steve’s face, something that still, after all this time sometimes reads to Tony like Greek marble or an American landscape painting: something timeless and classically beautiful, inhuman and unchanging. After a second, the familiar steals over him, steady determination slipping over his high cheekbones as sure as his cowl. He turns to Tony with a wry smile, the kind that Tony’s always hated. He much prefers when Steve’s grin is bright and effortless, a little shit-eating, a little mischievous. He hates this bitter thing that’s birthed from Steve’s own self-flagellation and grief.
“Reed told me there’s another universe where I’m a woman and we got married the day you died,” Tony says. There is no inflection in his voice, almost like he’s commenting on the weather, and so it takes Steve a moment to process what he’s saying. Then his heart picks up, thundering in his ears like a drum.
“Yes, say what you really think,” Steve says wryly. He’d be offended, but he knows Reed doesn’t mean anything by it.
Bruce opens his mouth, then seems to think better of it. He shuffles the printouts in his hands, awkward, lining them up on the worktop. “It’s just… most people never meet their match. Even now.”
“Not more important,” Tony interrupts, before Stephen can say something that will make Cap enter full Mother Hen Mode. “Just unavoidable. I committed to this, and the parade’s only a few hours. I can manage a few more hours.”
Pym took the reins from him, reaching for the saddle’s buckles and frowning at Stark. Flower nickered, nosing at Pym’s ears. “I’ll take care of Flower, you take care of Rogers, yeah?”
“It’s always that kinda kiss, for me,” he says, firm, and Tony takes a deep, heavy breath. “I think…I think you’ve known that, for a long time.”
“I waited too long once, didn’t say what I felt, and I won’t make the same mistake again. If you don’t want to bond with me, I understand. I’d be happy to get married. Or both, whichever. Whatever you want. But I want to be with you, for the rest of my life. And I want the whole world to know it. I want to belong to you, and you to me, and I want every living thing in the whole damn galaxy to see us and know that I am yours. For- …if you want me. That way.” Steve cleared his throat, straightening up and pulling his hands away from Tony’s skin with what felt like a physical twinge of pain at the loss. “Um. That’s what I came up here to say.”
"A company car is still here to take your merry band away. I just haven't seen you in a while, so I thought-"
The bathroom door opens, and Tony cracks one eye to the sight of Steve carrying a clear plastic takeout container full of sea salt.
“Tony, what is going on?” Steve asks, looking bewildered and hurt and angry in turns, and Tony can’t. He doesn’t understand what’s going on.
Here we go! Almost there. Formatting this fic is a beotch let me fuckin' tell you kids. Why did I need an epigraph for every fuckin' chapter? Because I am extra, that is why. Smh.
“Dormammu,” Tony says, and Stephen nods. “Well, uh.” He glances at Steve, suddenly wary. “Can we talk…somewhere else?”
“Gonna use me until you’re satisfied, alpha?” Steve spoke against his mouth, pleasure and joy making him indolent.
“Apparently, letting yourself be auctioned off for an innocent date on the town with some lucky SI employee,” Steve answered, grinning. He knew SI didn’t really offer hazard pay, anyway. Everybody wanted to work in Avengers Tower. He pressed a slow, open-mouthed kiss to the underside of Tony’s jaw. “You know you’re actually trying to argue me into being mad at you, right? Has your genius brain registered that bit yet? Or do you love arguing so much that you didn’t notice?”
Tony pulls away, enough to look into Steve’s eyes. They’re bright and blue as ever, thick lashes glinting gold in the late afternoon sun, and they crinkle gently as watches. Tony studies him for a long moment, fingers curled into the fabric at the base of Steve’s spine. “Steve?”
you think, but you’re probably wrong.” Tony, for all that he’s struggled with depression and alcoholism and God knew what else, wants to live more than anyone else Steve knows. He isn’t sure he knows anyone else with that kind of fortitude.
Tony doesn’t know what he means by that, and he still feels like his head is full of cotton. If Cap wants to be an asshole he can go and suck his own knot for all Tony cares. He shovels food into his mouth and glances over at the crossword.
“Spiderman can feel when he’s in the room. There’s nothing wrong with my brain scans. I don’t- He’s not a hallucination, but Stephen couldn’t find any hint of him. I’m… God, I’m tired
“Yeah, real observant of you.” Loki flinches back, just the slightest shift away, and Tony closes his eyes, hating himself. “I just can’t get invested. Okay?”
“So don’t think about it,” Tony says, and Steve frowns. He smooths his hands down Steve’s chest, dragging his fingers over his stomach. “I want to do this with you because it’ll be fun. What I don’t want is for you to do this because you’re punishing yourself.”
“I’m tired, Steve,” Tony says, and Steve exhales like he’s run out of fuel. Just stops, slumps forward. “And I don’t want to be something you fix. I don’t want to be the thing that breaks you, that changes you. You said it, didn’t you? I don’t want you to be less you. You’re perfect. It’s me that’s got you chasing your tail, jumping through hoops, walking on eggshells…that sentence got away from me. Whatever. My point is, aren’t you tired of trying so hard all the time?”
“Hey Capsicle,” Riri said, voice lilting over the nickname in such a familiar and dear way that Steve wanted to cry. As it was, he froze in the middle of one fluorescent-flickering hallway, his hands clenching at his sides. “Tony says, get your stubborn butt home and, uh. Keep the bed warm for him.” The girl’s voice was awkward for the first time, and Steve couldn’t help but laugh about it. “He says you need to sit down before you fall down, and that you look like crap.”
Tony blinks. It doesn’t sound like the first time JARVIS has asked for his attention. “Yeah, sorry J.”
The sound that rips from Tony’s throat is best described as a sob, and Steve is up and on his feet before it’s even fully finished. He crosses the penthouse floor with a few swift steps, coming around the bar to pull Tony’s shaking body into his arms. Tony’s hands are trembling, his shoulders, his whole frame. He feels like he’s coming apart in Steve’s hands, and Steve wishes desperately that he knew what to do. He doesn’t feel like he’s qualified to love Tony. He feels like he needs at least another decade of study, a manual, at least a little bit of relationship experience. He went from a single kiss on the tarmac and pining from afar to this, and he doesn’t know how to do this. He doesn’t know how to convince Tony that this is the right thing to do, because he doesn’t know if it is. He wants, and for him, that’s enough. It’s had to be. But he doesn’t know if they can make it out the other side.
“Mine,” he whispered, pulling back just the barest breath, and Steve closed his eyes and tipped his head back in submission. “Fuck,
“I hate spoilers,” Tony protests, an old argument, and Steve hooks his arm around Tony’s neck and drags him in close, digging his knuckles into Tony’s scalp. “Hey! Ow!”
The next time Tony sees Loki, he's sitting in their kitchen, illuminated only by the soft yellows of the stovetop light and the radiant glow of midtown’s neon signage and streetlamps below. He's serene and smiling, arms folded on the island, and Tony stops short in the doorway and stares.
“I’ll be sure to be there for the inaugural stargazing!” Tony calls, waving over his shoulder at Arish as he’s dragged down the hall. The man smiles at him a little bashfully, waving back, and Tony grins.
“Didn’t you know, Steve? Most OTA trans folks don’t look this good unless they start HRT before puberty, unless they know an amazing plastic surgeon.” He grinned, fierce and mirthless. “Still, there are things that can’t be beat. My voice, for one. Although I did need a surgeon to enhance the knot. God forbid a Stark alpha have a small knot.”
Credit to this excellent meta for giving me background re: Steve’s medical history. http://meta-buck.tumblr.com/post/103316156094/a-prisoner-of-your-own-body-pre-serum-steve I’m chronically ill myself (and wear glasses, which isn’t quite the same as colour-blindness but still), so it was a great read/really interesting to think about how it would feel to wake up and just…be fine. Ironically my next Potterlock Chapter has been tentatively titled Deuteranopia (for the past few months R.I.P.) so that’s the kind of colour blindness I decided Steve had. It also explains his weird obsession with the red white and blue. It’s pretty novel to him, actually. ‘MURICA °˖✧◝(⁰▿⁰)◜✧˖°
“Because he sought to kill you,” Loki says, because that much should be obvious. Steve certainly could have said that from the start, but it’s not the answer Tony’s looking for. He shakes his head slightly at Loki. “He saw my face. He was outside of my calculations. He had the potential to ruin everything I have sought to build for four years. What answer would best please you, Stark?” He flicks a lazy hand towards the portal. “Might I close this, or should we bring his equipment over for you to study?”
“Gorgeous, filthy slut,” Tony tells him fondly, and Steve pinks, whining into Tony’s chest. “God, look at you take it. You want it so bad. Next time I’ll turn you over, bend you over the side of the tub and spread you open so I can watch-”
“Healing is a holistic process,” Xavier says, which sounds a little hokey, but Steve agrees on principle. “Repairing important bonds can only be good for your continued psychological stability. And it is always good to come clean with a friend when a secret has been kept.”
“Well, you do a poor job of looking out for yourself,” Stephen says, and Tony laughs sheepishly. “I am sure that everything will be fine with Steve.”
Tony shakes his head. He reaches out and taps the same pattern Steve had onto the back of Peter’s hand.
“I am meant to be the discordant note,” Loki says absently, watching Tony’s ministrations with some bemusement. He leans in to sniff Tony’s mousse, then wrinkles his nose. “A villain is a predictable role. I am the God of Chaos, of Mischief, of Fire. I am meant to be a bright bolt of colour in the dull weave.”
“Loki’s the Caterpillar,” Bruce says, shaking his head. “He’s cryptic and strange and full of transformation magic.”
“Cap,” she said, and Steve took a breath, nodding at her. She’d worn her blockers, and Steve couldn’t express how grateful he was.
“Nobody is competing against anyone,” he says hotly, frustrated. “Now get out of here, before we do something we both regret.”
Carol holds him, and rocks him back and forth, and tangles her fingers in his hair. Together, they cry, exactly how Steve expects: Carol, silent and blotchy with fury in her eyes, Tony desperate and aching, unfairly photogenic with his olive skin that refuses to betray a flush. Steve wants to tell them both that it’s okay, that they don’t have to take everything upon themselves and press everything down so hard. He wants to hold them both in his arms and let them cry on his shoulder instead.
Steve’s thought a lot about what he’ll say when Tony eventually asks the question of him. He knows it’s coming, has known since the first time Tony let him touch his skin. Still, he doesn’t know how to articulate what he feels. Felt. Feels? He certainly can’t articulate it in Morse, limited as he is.
Running down New York's dew-damp pavement at dawn is strange after weeks spent under Amora's torturous control. Rationally, Steve knows it wasn't that long; less than forty-eight hours, even. But he's been a military man long enough to know the way the trauma feels means more than the facts, and so weeks it was.
“It’s director,” he says mildly, but his expression is determined, and Tony nods at him. Then he turns to Maria.
Steve yawns, running a self-conscious hand through his hair as his fist comes up to cover his mouth.
“Do we know where they’re going?” Steve asked, getting up. His entire body flushed as he felt the plug shift in him. He’d forgotten all about that. “Fuck. I need to shower.”
“I am going to be finished before you fuck me if you don’t stick that thing inside me right the hell now,” Steve gasps. He slumps forward, still trembling in Tony’s arms. “I think I just came dry. My
The shock was so strong that Steve stumbled, nearly fell. The sight of him was painful, but the glass was so thick that it made it hard to feel like Tony was real. If he concentrated hard enough he could pretend it was a video, a projection on a large screen. The sweatshirt helped, too, and he stepped forward slowly, both from caution and to combat his own dizziness as he stared at his mate and was still unable to touch him. He wanted so badly to touch him, and before he could help himself a small whimper built in his throat, echoing strangely in the cavernous space.
“Do you think that the FBI really has solid case against him?” Perino asks, and Tony covers his mouth with his hand.
“Buy me dinner first!” he called. “Or, well, I guess let me buy you dinner, huh? Now, Miss Potts, what’s our lucky number?”
“I want you,” Steve begged, and his eyes were wet and he didn’t care. He didn’t care about anything but this. “I need- I want you to have me. I’m yours. You can have anything. You’re so good to me, alpha, please.
“Stark,” she said, looking incredibly amused, “you already lead a pack. One of whom is a lieutenant colonel for the U.S. Air Force.”
"I like my room now, actually," Steve says, his expression entirely too calculating. "If that's alright. The light in there is perfect. I was actually thinking that Hulk should have his own space to let loose, too—take the pressure off a little. Maybe we can use that space for him."
When the whiskey has warmed his bones and left him languid, he makes his way to his bed. He lets the cool sheets swallow him up, lets the city glow lull him, lets the darkness come slow. If he dreams, he does not remember it.
The relief was overwhelming, and Steve dipped out of consciousness. Tony was warm and solid above him, in him. Everything was right with the world.
Steve blinks, surprised, and turns his head to look down at Tony. All he can see is the dark mop of his hair as he does something meticulous with the innards of the groin plating.
“Besides, I wasn’t born in 1920.” He shrugs. “I don’t think Steve even really consciously knew what he was doing, to tell you the truth.”
“I’m sure!” he shouts, spinning into a barrel roll as the gun barks. It glances off the helmet anyway, twice, three times, and Tony curses. “Hundred percent sure. Legolas, you’re gonna have a new sniper buddy to play with if Cap ever gets his way.”
“I will leave you just outside of the city, off the coast to the south,” Loki says, gesturing to a series of markings in a large circle around the landing pad. “The doorway will be high above the sea: to allow space between for you to gather your bearings, or should your craft react unfavourably to my magic.”
