“I’m leaving.”
They stood there on the front lawn together without moving, their breaths held in their throats.
“I think you should go,” he says in a soft voice, eyes falling away from Dean's face. It's too painful to watch the way the hope dies in his eyes. Cas might be frustrated and annoyed, he might be a lot of things, but he isn't cruel.
“-or I can just come with you and breathe easy.”
He placed a hand over his mouth and stared off into a corner of the room. Sam and Cas both leaned in toward him, waiting for him to clarify whatever had caused him to stop speaking. He didn’t, though. He simply sat there, thinking.
He waited patiently for Castiel to respond, his own eyes wide and humble and asking for Cas to understand. So how could he possibly have responded any differently?
Cas rolls over onto his side and frowns. He shouldn’t be mad at anyone but himself. It’s not their fault that he doesn’t want think about this… and, if he’s still going to be honest, Castiel knows that he doesn’t really have to think very hard at all.
“Where’s this place we’re going to, exactly?” he asks as he leans over the beige frame of the car.
“Mm, I have an idea,” Castiel responded playfully.
“I know that," Dean flashes him a smile like a hungry wolf and Castiel has to fight himself not to thrust his hips into his face, "I want to. Is that okay?”
Balthazar holds up and finger and grabs his glass of wine, tossing it back in one smooth gulp. On anyone else it would look thoroughly classless, but somehow he pulls it off with grace. Cas laughs watching him and jingles his keys in his pocket. Balth gives him a nod and they toward the door.
It isn't until nearly six-thirty that he even gets a chance to have the one conversation he really wants to have. That's when he manages to wiggle his way over into Castiel's corner and ask him in a low voice, "Can I talk to you for a sec?"
“Oh, well. Good. I’d be thoroughly insulted if you didn’t."
Love her though he does, Castiel would rather hang from a tree limb before he led a life like that.
“Oh. Dean.”
For all his whining, Cas sinks back down into his seat without further argument. Dean watches him do it, frowning, and then turns for the stairs. He stomps his way up, trying to block out any stray bits of noise that might come floating up after him from the living room. He truly meant it when he said he doesn't want to have any part in this whacked-out drama.
It’s always been a therapeutic activity for Castiel, cleaning. He sweeps, he dusts, he organizes. Down to the smallest speck and the finest detail. And most importantly, he opens his laptop and chooses the most obnoxious music he can find, and he cranks it up loud enough to drown out any thoughts he might be having. So loud, that he might chance a warning visit from his RA. He’ll risk it.
my favorite cereal.”
Cas blows into his hands again. Maybe it was a mistake to go off on Dean like that. Maybe he shouldn’t have stormed out so suddenly. He could have listened to Dean. Maybe he had a valid reasoning-- coming out is hard, after all, Cas himself should remember that from not too long ago.
Wow. What a great cover story. Dean has outdone even his own expectations this time.
Castiel manages to laugh in a way that doesn't make Dean feel like an absolute idiot. "Well, I'm in full support. Can I assist you?"
“What do you think?”
The smile on Castiel's face is set against the back drop of the street Dean had spent his whole life calling home. The image is perfect to him. It says so much to him and he can't help but feel that this terrifying journey back home has been worth it after all.
It’s stupid. Cas has never complained before and he has no reason to start today. It’s… it should be fine. Castiel should trust Dean.
They played the Roadhouse a couple times a month. It was the same crowd of regulars, but they people seemed pretty happy with what they did. Dean had a blast playing with the guys, and it felt good to be up on stage. It was different than he'd been imagining for the past forty years... but at least he knew for himself was the reality felt like. Which was worth about a thousand times as much as some low-rent fantasy.
“Well, I have this thing called school,” Cas drolled on, searching for his jeans that had been tossed off as soon as he’d got to Dean’s apartment the night before. “And then I have to TA a class after that. Then I have to go to the library and work on an assignment, and then I’m organizing…”
But, he's not going to let Cas see how that all makes him feel. Right now Castiel's eyes are shining at him right now, and that's distracting enough.
Cas sighs a breath of relief. “Thank God. I need your help. I know this is going to sound bizarre, but I genuinely think you’re the only person I can turn to.”
Luckily, Gabriel swoops in and wraps an arm around Sam’s shoulder. “Ha! You kiddin’ me? I love sports. Can’t get enough of ‘em! The balls, the testosterone? Sign me up, buddy.”
"I'll tell you one thing," murmurs Castiel in a low voice like warm honey, "I will never, ever treat our pups like that."
Dean reached out and stroked a finger lovingly down Cas’s face, not unlike what Cas was doing to Roman. He wanted to capture this moment, to bottle it up and save it in his memory box for later. The first day of their new lives, as a new family. Whole.
A victorious glint shines in Dean's eyes. “Good. And speaking of… y’know, the other thing,” Dean says, casting a downward glance to the line that’s formed at the crotch of Castiel’s jeans. Castiel gasps softly when Dean starts to slide down the bed, moving all the way down until he’s nearly face to face with Castiel’s groin.
would not be of any interest to him. “Hardly. Pamela was just trying to help me with my article.”
, Dean,” Sam whined from the behind him. “Couldn’t you just show him a picture?”
“Yeah, now I’m definitely going," Dean declares firmly as he reluctantly accepts the sprouts that Castiel has continued to push his way. "Just so I don’t have to be around for either of those things.”
Wow. The most nowhere he could find. It's a pretty scathing indictment of Lawrence, but Dean's not sure it's an unfair one. Compared to Palo Alto, Lawrence is fairly desolate. But Dean has always liked that. Still now, it feels hard to imagine spending the rest of his life somewhere besides the town he'd grown up in.
"Calm down, buddy," Dean rubbed his hand over the fabric of Ben's shirt while he carried the boy, "You're all right. Dad's here."
Dean kisses the fourth finger of his hand one more time and then lets it drop. He lies his head back on the pillow and lets his eyes flicker shut. He’s content, more than Castiel has seen him in a very long time.
“This is all giving me a very big headache,” Castiel murmured, pulling Dean out of his inner monologue. “I think I need some time to adjust.”
"Nothing at all. It's just that I'm getting some very heavy, very distinct vibes from him. And from you.... I'm a little less sure what I'm getting."
“Gabe,” Castiel chastises, “I asked you to bring something for brunch.”
He trailed off then, his voice going small. He brought his eyes down, but leaned into the touch of Dean’s hand in his hair. The silence hung over them for a few prolong moments, and Dean felt that maybe Castiel was asking him to talk about Lisa anyway.
Cas stares down at the words written in front of him. “Basically in love with you”-- he wonders if that’s Dean’s own words or Charlie’s paraphrasing.
“My ex.”
In that moment, more than any moment before it, he completely understands why Cas approached him like a creep in the coffee shop that first day they met.
“You’d have to try and stop me,” Dean tells him with a devilish wink, and separates himself to wander in the direction of some very loud, raucous cheers, and what Castiel imagines is probably the beer pong table.
Ruby was right behind them, trying to get a peek at the round little face that stared blankly up at them from the bucket. Dean thought he looked kind of like an alien, with his shriveled skin and those big globes for eyes. The cutest alien ever, but still.
“Do you want me to stay with you?” Dean asked of Castiel, after waving off the others. He was worried, that Cas might feel overwhelmed by all the people, all the new sights and sounds.
Still, he splutters. “Wh- How did you know?”
He should definitely be trying to catch up with Charlie, but he is way too wiped out for that.
Dean’s hands grab at his sides and hold them forcefully in place. It turns Castiel on beyond imagination when Dean manhandles him like this. It’s what he always wanted, always needed. He hopes he never stops feeling excited when Dean touches him like this.
The eight or so guys sitting at the table have all turned their way. None of them appeared to be filled with malice or mocking, not the way Alistair always looks as he gears up to hurl some epithet in the direction of some poor marginalized person. In fact, if anything, they appear to be somewhat bored by the introduction. Castiel finds it wonderfully refreshing.
Surpriseeeeeeeeee!
"Yeah, I'm just thinking."
She leans in, like he's actually piqued her interested, and asks, "What book did you read?"
But he doesn't want Cas to see how disappointed he feels. "Right," he announces, taking a step back, "I guess we should get going."
“You know that new guy you were telling me about? The transfer student who just joined the team?”
Dean fixes him with a funny look, until he sees the awkward way Castiel is attempting to climb out of bed: legs crossed, hunched over in the middle as if he was trying to hide-
“It’s only fair. I picked dinner, Anna picked the drinks…” At the mention of which, Castiel remembers he's left his margarita in the kitchen. He gets up to retrieve it, leaving Dean in full control of their viewing options. From the kitchen, he surveils carefully as Dean scrolls through the different categories. Truthfully, he and Dean had never much agreed when it came to films or TV show tastes... it meant that, when they were dating and married, they essentially watched the same few things over and over. Cas had never minded much.
Air catches in his throat as he realizes what he’s done. This isn’t his shirt. It’s Dean’s.
Dean grabs at Castiel’s right hand and and pulls it to his lips. The ring offsets the golden tones in his eyes, and Cas wishes he he could commission a painting of this very moment in his life.
Dean didn’t think he’d ever felt like a bigger piece of shit than he did right then, looking up at Cas’ sad eyes.
Dean halts a few feet away from him, his lips parted and his face a picture of confusion.
yesterday. I think I can recite the play by heart.” He tosses a sideways glance to Castiel and straightens his back, repeating like a robot the singular line Hannah had to remember: “
"Yeah. And the sunsets are freaking unbelievable. You should come out and visit sometime."
"Holy shit."
Castiel isn't sure exactly what it is that he wants Dean to do right now. But what he does know, is that Dean isn't doing it. And he's not going to pretend that that's enough. Not anymore.
And even though Dean thought, somewhere in his brain, that he might have liked to have the kind of boyfriend who'd get possessive, or clingy, or make a show of fighting for him, he knows that none of those qualities hold a candle to the boy standing in front of him. So he smiled softly and let the hand that held Castiel's swing gently between them, and he said, “No, Cas. I didn’t want you to be jealous.”
right now, after all.)
He crosses the floor, quickly, before either of them can start to think it’s a bad idea.
At that, she lets out a long slow whistle. “Well, boy howdy does that sound like a real pickle.... unless you two are planning on patching things up?” Cas grimaces, and she adds, “I’m guessing no.”
The second the clock ticks onto the eleventh minute, he does an odd slow jog into the bathroom to check on his pee sticks. His eyes move slowly down the line, inspecting one after the other after the other. Then he stands to his feet and regards his reflection, his heart fully stopped inside his chest.
, which almost always directly follows their fooling around in Castiel’s bed for an extended period of time.
He starts to walk on, and his friends follow along shortly after. “Thank you, guys. I think I will do that. I just… I don’t know if I can stand the idea of seeing him for a few days. Is that weird?”
that Dean refuses to be scared, he likes that Dean thinks he’s important enough to stick around for. He’s surprised as all hell, but in a good way.
The party goes way past five, with everybody hanging off of Dean, asking him a million questions about Chicago and the other branch, did he have as much fun there, was there any good gossip.
"I was just wondering if you, and it's probably dumb and doesn't matter at all, but I was wondering if you cared that... like, that you don't know my friends?"
A slow grin spreads over Balthazar's face, and Castiel could swear that one of his teeth glimmers like he's in a commercial for toothpaste. "Alright," his boss agrees in that overly-charming accent, "next Thursday. Don't you forget about me."
The corner of Castiel’s mouth turned up into a small, crooked grin. “Hm. I suppose I’m a creature of habit.”
Cas scoffs. “It’s not like that, you know,” he assures her, and himself. “There is a difference between teenage fascination and familial love. I care for Dean as a member of my family, blah blah blah.” He's done this speech a hundred times by now, he doesn't have to repeat all the finer points again.
And kisses. So many, many kisses.
"Don't be dumb," Dean practically hisses. He's embarrassed and he knows that his face is showing it.
“Since when are you and Lisa Braeden so close?”
, Cas resigns himself, grinding his teeth as he shuffles along. Frankly, Dean’s weird behavior is just too much to add into this swirling pot of shit that is Castiel’s current state; and-- once again, he has to remind himself-- what Dean does is no longer any concern of Castiel’s.
"Who is this?" asks Dean skeptically. Who would steal Charlie's phone just to talk to him? Who the hell would even care?
But every fiber of his goddamn body was screaming at him to get out that door and go to his omega. It was biology--and even more than that, it was what he wanted way down deep in the depths of his person. He couldn’t ignore that.
but it’s too quiet to be sure. He closes the door behind him, and heaves a heavy sigh.
He considers following her, but the conversation they've just had leaves him feeling awkward. So he decides instead to head into the kitchen for that drink, and he'll meet up with them later, when Jo's too drunk to remember having brought it up at all.
He doesn’t know why he tortures himself like this. He chalks it up to some crazy chemical in his brain and tells himself that he’ll stop soon enough.
“Mmph,” Castiel groans, flopping backward onto his bed.
As he jogs down the sidewalk in the direction of his car, he lets himself review the evening with the harsh honesty one can only use with themselves in the privacy of their mind. While he wasn’t completely entranced by his thought-provoking discussion with Balthazar, Castiel had felt himself somewhat preoccupied.
Balth's hands drop away just as his mouth falls open into a very unattractive gawk. Cas tries not to feel the sting of how apparently shocking it is that he somehow managed to get laid, and uses the time instead to make his escape. He doesn't even stop by his cubicle on the way out. All he needs is his wallet and his keys so he runs out to the parking lot with the sultry sound of saxophone still trailing behind him.
of Charlie's begging, just as the bathroom door opens. Dean emerges, toothbrush in mouth.
“Do you… enjoy walking?” Dean asks him, his voice soft like a down blanket.
Castiel is very pleased to hear this. He can't say that in any of his wildest dreams, since that first night Dean kissed him on a hazy Saturday night, did he ever imagine those words coming out of his mouth. But, still, Cas is hesitant in showing his excitement just yet.
“And I always thought you were cute, of course,” Alfie adds on in a rush, as if he needs to make sure that Cas knows this.
he'd said once,
And anyway, Cas doesn’t want to talk to Dean right now. Well, he does, desperately- but he doesn’t want Dean to see, or hear, this. This state he’s in right now. He’s… he’d be too obvious, too mopey. It wouldn’t be good. Sounding like a lazy, depressed slob of a human isn't going to make anyone fall in love with you.
What does he do? Does he keep this to himself, stay with Alfie, avoid a rash decision? Or does he end things, make a clean break, give the poor guy a chance to mend his heart and move on?
As he buries his head into the softness of a pillow, he inhales deeply against the smooth, cottony material. He finds a scent there and it's so good he wants to wrap himself up in it completely, like a cocoon or a blanket on a cold winter's day. It produces something in him, a kind of calm he's not sure he's ever been able to achieve so naturally before, and right now it's all he can do now to roll around in it like a puppy.
But it’s too late. The other boy has pulled up his pants and run off through the other side of the barn. Cas winces, unable to believe his own thoughtlessness. Across the barn, Meg chuckles low and hops off the bale of hay, adjusts her skirt and approaches the young would-be hero.
"Nice to meet you," he tells her, because he can't stop himself, that's how he was raised. A memory of his mother catches in his mind, and the thought of her face makes air catch in his throat. Of course, his fucked-up brain would only find more ways to drag him down right now. Of fucking course.
Amazingly, the human body can tire of ceaseless sexual activity. Even the adolescent male body. Castiel feels so sore he doesn’t want to move, and he’d be shocked if his dick was in regular condition before Monday.
Life was good. Dean now felt that he could say for certain that there was no more perfect match for him out there in the world. They got along so easy, never fought about anything. And together with Ben, they had a real good thing going here. This was it, this was his life-- and it was a damn good one.
“Good. Then I don’t need to give you any lectures about the joys and pitfalls of parenting. You’ve done enough of that yourself.”
For me, my absolute favorite thing is getting to see Dean be so comfortable and relaxed with Cas. What a change. In case it wasn't entirely clear, this is supposed to be during their senior year of college.
“When you first started taking care of Ruby," he choked out, "she… she was just your boyfriend’s kid. You know? It’s not the same. You couldn’t tell people she was yours, you didn’t get to have her call you Daddy. You didn’t get to enjoy those little moments, like the first time she smiled or the first time she babbled something that sounded like your name.”
Dean glares. “Yeah. Hang out.”
A few students have wandered over at the anticipation of some kind of jock-on-jock skirmish, blood lust in their eyes. Castiel couldn’t care less about their presence, but Dean casts a few furtive looks over his shoulder. “Get what, Cas? I don’t know what you mean. I was just helping you out.”
Couldn't open a jar? "Smack it with a knife. And stop pouting."
“Shit,” he hissed involuntarily. “Shit, fuck, shit.”
“I’m sorry,” he apologizes in a small voice, “I shouldn’t have made fun."
"That's good," Mary beams. She rubs her palms together in her lap and starts to look a bit more comfortable. "That's really, really good."
Balthazar stands to his feet. "Yes, Castiel. I am your boss." There's something in the way he says it. It's doesn't come across as comforting. It sounds almost like- almost like there's a threat in there.
“I was just thinking," Dean elongates his words, like he's got all the time in the world, "you know. Wanted to lock you down before anyone else got to you.”
Her fingernails tap on the side of the mug she's holding. She appears to be weighing something internally. Finally, she spits out, “Just... be aware of Balthazar. If you know what I mean.”
Dean throws himself down into the seat across from Cas and taps him on the head. "C'mon, Cas, will you wake up? I gotta talk to you."
He didn't want this to be a fight. Not that they fought much at all. But it wasn't just Castiel's refusal to come to practice that took Dean caught Dean off guard. It was the way he said it. Cas was never one to hide his reasons for anything. But just then, he got all quiet. It was weird.
Before he heads up the stairs, he hears Castiel coming to his defense. He’s trying to keep his voice low, but Dean can still make out the words. “Leave him alone, would you? You don’t have to antagonize him like that.”
“You sure can,” Castiel agrees in his encouraging-yet-suspicious tone, before he cautiously asks, “Does Daddy know that you’re on his phone?”
“Vonnegut is an excellent writer. He has a lot of books that you could continue on with,” said Castiel with a smile, “if that were something you’d be interested in.”
"Oh my-" she starts to whisper when she sees him. Her feet have stopped dead cold. Dean feels as though he's gripped by fear, paralyzed in the panic that she'll tell him to get the hell off her porch.
Dean was very happy to see that today, there was that little twinkle in Castiel’s eyes that normally meant he is pretty willing to follow along for Dean’s shenanigans. Which was a very good sign.
“Yes. Because girls can run the world.”
For him, the silence was calm, relaxed. But he could tell that beside him, Castiel's mind was working, trying to decipher which were the right words to speak out loud.
“You are the biggest coward I have ever met, Dean Winchester,” he grits out from between his teeth, stepping further away from the bed they’ve spent the past two days in together. “I can’t believe that you would… that I let you…”
"Winchester, what the fu--"
He's got some time before his interview, but he decides to head there anyways. The manager of the store thinks that he showed up early out of excitement, and it seems  to show him what an enthusiastic employee Dean would be. The interview goes well, and Dean gets the job.
When he’s finally able to compose himself somewhat, Castiel tears his eyes away from Dean and turns to his parents. “Well,” he exhales loudly, “I think that sounds like a very fair offer, don’t you?”
Castiel isn’t nearly as petrified as he would have expected. Though he has to admit to a certain amount of relief when, after some moments, Dean turns to him in a low voice and asks, “Can we head back to the room now?”
Is he turning a weak, needy omega? Already?
“Okay, well how were you feeling before?”
It was performance, all of it. Not that he’d lost all interest in Lisa. She was still as attractive as the day they’d met. But his heart wasn’t in it any longer. Every time he kissed her, it was like a betrayal to Cas, and that thought struck a chord much deeper inside him.
He hesitates for just a second before he lets it slip. "Balth. I'm pregnant."
The way Cas is looking at Dean is sort of like a wistful. He shakes his head now. "You don't want that. It'll knock you out for 8 hours, and it's only a 3 hours flight. You'll be groggy for hours after we land."
Because he knew that while Castiel really did belong to him, Dean himself still belonged to somebody else. He might be wrapped up in this omega in every way, shape and form, but he belonged to Lisa. For now.
telling me this story.”
Dean sat up and spread his fingers over the worn fabric of his jeans and sighed. “Well, that’s because his parents don’t look like us.” Then he furrowed his brows and added, “I mean, we’re his parents, now. Daddy and me. We’re his dads, but his birth mom, she was… she...”
It takes a few minutes to come back down, and when he does, Dean stares down at his naked body and the soiled sheets, and he has no idea how this morning ended up the way it did.
Somewhere, in a more conscious, more discerning part of his brain, Dean knows what that means. But for now he's happy to ignore it, and to pretend that it's just the easy comfort of a safe place to sleep that has him closing his eyes and lulled off before he even has the time to realize it.
“What do you think you’re doing, exactly?”
“Sometimes," she answers with a shrug. Her attention has already been stolen once more by the flickering lights of the television screen.
He practically dives for the bed. It's been a long ass day, arguably one of the worst in his life. He'll be happy just to forget it ever happened just as soon as he falls asleep. Tomorrow, he'll think about the bus station again. He'll get a ride there, this time- he's not a total idiot- but he'll think about going there and buying a ticket for wherever seems like a good idea. Maybe somewhere on the West Coast, or deep in the Rockies...
What a way to throw a wet blanket on a romantic idea.
He wants to feel this fully. For maybe the first time ever, Dean is ready to let himself feels what he's feeling, to embrace the heat instead of pushing it away.
The shared, private laughter that sits between them hangs in the air, rapidly shifting the feeling in the air around them. Castiel catches himself tittering flirtatiously, like a schoolgirl, and he instantly pulls himself back into check.
They kept things nice and separate from then on. There was their friendship, and then- sometimes- there was this other thing. Not only when they were drunk. Sometimes on long and boring afternoons, or in the middle of a study session. But only ever on Dean's suggestion. Cas was never, never, the one to initiate.
Cas decides right then and there that he doesn’t care about anything else. He's quite alright with what he's got. And for now, he smiles, pressed up against Dean with his big muscles, listening to all the things he wants to do to Castiel once they officially belong to each other.
Castiel decides not to over analyze anything, for tonight at least. In the morning, he can re-evaluate his fucked-up and masochistic tendencies… but right now, he needs his rest.
“No.”
That's a whole other can of worms to open up. He's trying not to think too much about it.
She does and then so does Sam. They each smile at Cas, a little coldly, not that Dean can blame them. He hasn't said anything at all, other than telling them to essentially buzz off and leave Dean alone. He'll make sure they get to know him better tomorrow. It shouldn't surprise him anymore, but he is a little shocked to find that it actually matters to him that they do.
Dean’s eyes crinkle, too. “Well, good. I’m glad to hear that. I guess I’ll let you guys…”
His head is spilling over with lust, and he barely notices when Cas' hand lays on top of his. It plucks his palm away from Castiel's crotch and lays it on the bed. Cas twists away, loosening himself from Dean. "Dean," he says softly, as he pushes the omega off of him. "You need to stop."
Michael looks for a second like he might do something about that, like he might step in and challenge the other alpha. Dean watches with his chest locked up and devoid of air, wishing that he wasn't stuck off on the sidelines. At the last minute, though, Michael's gaze jumps over to Dean and then back to Castiel, and he takes off running in the other direction.
But he doesn’t know anything about this “past” to which Meg has alluded. The way she said it, Cas can only infer that the details are… sordid.
I love you guys, you're all the best, and you've been nothing but the utmost support for this story. PLEASE, tell me all your feelings, all your thoughts, all your hopes for the future. And, as I said before, come say hi on my brand-new writing tumblr:
He looked down at his daughter, and he saw her looking back at him with a smile. A smile just for him. It was incredible.
He had never been terribly good at these kinds of things. It was probably why he spent his Friday nights the way he did.
When he sees it, it stirs a feeling in him that's strangely familiar, and oddly painful. He's not sure what that feeling is- only that he’s going to need a large glass of wine once Hannah and Dean are out of the house.
It's a bit of a challenge. Castiel picks up on it. He sighs, tired. "What I'm saying is that I don't want you to turn around when you're twenty five and think that I'm disgusting for sleeping with a seventeen-year-old." His sits down on the edge of the bed and stares at his hands. "For wanting you as badly as I do. And, believe me, Dean, I want you very badly."
He was so close to letting go, to letting himself sink his teeth in like he wanted and just taking Castiel all for himself-- but he stopped himself. How the fuck he did it he had no idea, but just as he was about to pop his knot and go full-on fucking wild, he pulled his head up and shifted to Cas' mouth, to lock him in a heated embrace there instead of tearing into the muscles of his exposed neck like he wanted so badly to do.
He saunters around the side of the wooden table that displays Dean’s wares and leans in to ensure that Dean gets a whiff of the sprigs of lavender he rubbed on himself during the walk here.
“Seven months,” Dean agreed.
About a half an hour into the movie, just about the time when Marty blasts back into the past, Castiel's phone lights up on the table in front of them. He chooses to ignore it in favor of the movie. But then another two notifications roll in in quick succession and Cas reaches down with a grunt.
If her first impression had appeared somewhat masculine to Castiel, her handshake cements the image. Dorothy has a grip like a vice, and she gives his much weaker hand a few good shakes that make him pull him away and instantly start cracking his bones back into place.
“Well, then,” Cas says with a catlike grin on his face, “If you don’t mind.”
What is he even doing here, really?
He maybe had thought... he had at least recognized the possibility that he was reading too much into Dean's reactions. But he didn't think... But he should have. He should have known that he was letting himself get carried away, and that it was only going to get his heart broken.
Her eyes are wide as they roam around the room, the pie still tight in her hands. It's unclear whether she's taking it all in for the first time, or reliving memories played out here before. The little tour halts suddenly when her gaze lands on Dean, frozen on the stairs, his hair still mussed from a combination of his morning makeout session and his frantic worrying later in the afternoon.
When she speaks, her voice is high and sweet, like a nursery school teacher or a local weather girl.
” he sang.
Castiel slams a drawer shut loudly. “You know exactly why. I’m not talking about this right now.”
Castiel feels gross all over. "I'm leaving," he declares, with all the conviction he can muster over the bile that's threatening its way up his esophagus. He turns in a circle, trying to remember if he had a coat in here with him, but after a few seconds decides he doesn't care and that he has to get out of there immediately, without pause. He makes a break for the door without sparing another look towards the boss- the friend he feels so utterly betrayed by right now.
That perks up the younger Winchester. A smile spreads to his eyes, if briefly. "Yeah? Maybe I can check out some colleges out there."
There’s nothing else to say or do. “Alright, Dean. We’ll do that.”
"Just let me keep you warm for a minute, alright?"
“Well, I gotta go get a drink,” Dean announces then, raising his gaze. “See ya back at the room.”
Dean steamrolls ahead, like he’s opened the floodgates and he’s unable to hold anything back anymore. “I want to be your boyfriend, man,” he blurts. “I... I do, I wanna kiss you for real and hold you and sleep in your bed with you…”
Cassie was smiling when Dean approached. A victorious smile, smug, which was very quickly wiped away as soon as Dean began talking. Actually, ‘talking’ didn’t seem quite accurate for what he was doing. His volume was low, while she could be heard shouting from across the parking lot (and perhaps from the highway, Cas mused to himself) but the anger that seethed from Dean’s body radiated outwards in waves.
He leant over to where Dean sat next to him at the table and told him just that, in a playful whisper.
Cas? Like, "like-him" like him?
Dean slaps the hand away. Cas is instantly crestfallen, his face caught in a mask of hurt like a door's been clammed in his face. From beside them, Daphne pipes up, "Who is
Jo and she has no clue!
He runs across the lobby in a sprint, but can't bring himself to step back into the office. He hovers by the front door, all the way across the floor from Balthazar's office, and watches as the door swings open. He hears words exchanged- Dean's loud and charged, Balthazar's smooth and seemingly taken aback- and then Dean approaches the desk. He takes Balthazar by the collar. Castiel should do something to stop this.
Now he looks like
Sam’s eyes looked like they were about to bug out of his head. “Oh great, Dean! Invite your boyfriend over to hang out with you and your new surprise baby!”
Unfortunately, due to his preconceived notions and the vague jealousy he had of everyone who shared the room with Dean, Castiel had tuned out about halfway through Dean's speech. "Could you please spare me the details of your sex life?" he spits out, as he starts to push himself out from the booth. The last thing on Earth he wants is to listen to the wish-list of sexual positions Dean is going to try out on the masses of their town.
The screen is the same way he’d left it last, in the early hours of the morning. No more word from Dean. Nothing since yesterday morning, actually.
Hannah is, of course, brilliant in her performance as the young pilgrim woman. Cas watches her with rapt attention, probably more than is merited by an elementary school performance; but he can’t help it. She is the most important thing in his world, and right now everything she does is so wonderful and adorable that he wishes he could give her even more than his full attention.
He knows what she's going to say next, and yet it still feels like a stabbing pain when she asks, "...do you want to be with him?"
looked.
“Thank you for your support,” Castiel offers her a half-cocked smile. They walk on in silence as the night chirps on around them serenely. Castiel watches the trees as they walk by and tries to feel calm, at ease. But inside, his stomach is twisted at the thought of going back to his dorm.
"I know, I know. You don't need protecting, you don't want it. I just..."
He does have to pop by once or twice to grab books and papers, but he makes sure to do that during times that he is
His hands go to play with the fabric of his t-shirt, when an idea comes to him that seems much more… palatable.
Dean looked to his brother and for the first time since that morning, he smiled. It was a self-depracating, sort of half-smile. But still. Ruby stirred in her basket.
Dean leaps up to his feet faster than he’s ever done anything in his whole life. “No. I-- what? No.” He can’t get the words out fast enough. He tries to look at Cas with a burning glare, so that he can see how much he means it, but he has trouble meeting his eyes. So instead he just huffs out of the room and storms down the hall back to his own, and he thinks that just maybe it looks like he's pissed enough to cover up the embarrassment.
But Ruby was unfazed. She was mostly likely used to her father’s complete inability to answer any of her questions. She approached Roman where he sat tucked up in between layers of blankets and peered in curiously before turning back around toward her fathers. “But, he looks different than he did a few days ago.”
Dean shakes his head. "Sam didn't say. I'm not even sure if he knows."
Even as he’s doing it, he feels more than a little crazy. But still, he can’t stop himself. He goes to apologize immediately, and gives what he considers a fairly decent performance  of surprise. When Dean recognizes who it is that he’s bumped into, Castiel could swear he sees a smile come across his face. But it’s gone before it’s even really there, replaced by an expression of complete blankness.
But Cas, being Cas, shakes him off easily. A hand comes up to graze his chin and he lifts his eyes. Castiel's face is warm and kind, full of hope for the day. More hope that Dean feels even close to at this point. "I'm teasing you," he whispers conspiratorially, grazing a thumb over Dean's chin. "Have a good day, huh?"
A tortured groan arose from Castiel's throat. He rolled his eyes and then looked at Dean through a shrewd glare. “I should say no…” he declared even while leaning in to press his lips against Dean's.
Another handful of moments passed in silence, Cas' fingers now lightly rubbing over the leather beneath him. He seemed to be treating Baby with the necessary amount of deference, which bolstered Dean and made him think that his Cas really was still there, almost ready to come home.
He's not a perfect person, and he's bound to screw up again. But the least he can do is let Cas know that he's trying.
Because, of course, he loves seeing his daughter and her other father together. It makes him feel warm and gooey inside just to think about it.
Cas nods. He takes another step closer to Dean, testing the waters. He pulls his lower lip between his teeth before asking, "For good? Or just a visit?"
"You're new."
He follows wordlessly, as before, lead by Dean's tensed grip back out to the parking lot. Dean lets go of him and goes around to the driver's side without meeting Castiel's eyes. They each sit themselves in the car, still in stunned silence, and Dean has pulled out of the parking lot and onto the road before he says anything at all.
Since that night, he’s spent a lot of long nights thinking about what Dean had said the morning after… they woke up together. He thinks about how scared he was seeing Dean standing in his kitchen, and the way the light died in his eyes when Castiel told him to leave.
At their feet, Hannah dances with elation.
The guy laughs to himself, and it’s so low it sounds like a tuba to Dean. “You must think I’m a total creep.”
Sam looks over to Dean and then back to Castiel, his face going through several changes starting with surprise and ending with resignation. “Yeah, that’s… great. Hey, why doesn’t everyone just scootch down a bit?” He squeezes in past Castiel and past Dean so that the only seat left open is the farthest away from him. He sits down and heaves a relieved sigh. “There, that’s a little better, isn’t it?”
All he could think of was how stupid he’d been. What an idiot.
Cas pauses, almost chokes on air. Does she understand what she's asking here?
This is new, so Dean has no way of knowing the kind of effect this will have on him, like there's some kind of direct fucking line from that spot Cas kisses right to his crotch, so that he goes from a light morning wood situation to a full on raging boner in the snap of a finger. He gets a head rush and sucks in a big gulp of air, which makes Castiel smile.
This produces a sound of protest from the little girl, but it’s short-lived. Cas grabs a carriage and starts to circle around the produce section, wondering what he should make for dinner that evening. Maybe a ratatouille, but ideally he'd have a bit more time for that...
Dean is certain that they've barely made a sound between the three of them, and Cas has been silent as a church mouse. Suddenly he remembers the exact feeling that made him sneak out in the middle of the night and head for Cas' without looking back.
Dean turns his body inward so that he’s facing toward Castiel now. He grins from ear to ear and exhales a small chuckle. Castiel likes to think that maybe he appreciates a little tenacity.
“Cas,” a hissing voice comes from above him, “
," he says, as if he's just finally getting it, even though he has no clue what she's talking about and no plans to learn. But Charlie doesn't need to know that.
Cas sits back on his heels for a second and allows himself to ponder.
They tumble into the car and Dean leans his head back against the headrest. He closes his eyes and breathes to himself.
"Yeah. Me too."
He doesn’t even think about it. He just wants his airways to open and to get these pictures out of his mind.
Dean blinks a few times. "Wh... Okay."
"In fact, I only have a very keen interest in kissing one person. And that person just happens to be you."
Dean… Dean had been home? Why didn’t he wake Castiel? Why didn’t he tell him, or text him, or come into the room or….
And then life got in the way. He had a hard week at work, or else she did. It was Ben’s first week of tee-ball, or Lisa’s sister’s birthday party, or any one of the other thousand and one things that only proved to demonstrate how intertwined their lives had become.
hits him.
Dean wanted to say.
“You’re still hungover?”
She charges down the hallway in their direction, and before Dean can even realize it he's been wrapped in her arms just as he was Sam's. Crushed in the embrace. "My baby boy," she says into his ear, and it sounds like she might be crying.
From the very first moment, he should have known better.
“I’ll believe it when I see it.”
Cas’ heart has physically broken into two now. He’s sure of it-- he can feel the seams splitting behind his breast plate.
Cas holds back from pointing out that Dean had, in fact, warned him with the note left on the fridge. That clearly wasn’t the point of what Dean was trying to say.
, just for curiosity’s sake, watch just a little clip, just of one video, to see how it makes him feel. After all, he’d love to see Hannah as a baby again. He misses when she was so small, just a little ball that he could hold in one hand, and squish her up and kiss her fat little cheeks.
Cas places his palm over his eyes, sighing quietly to himself. Sometimes he can forget that Anna is so young. He wonders, and worries, just how many people he is going to have to parent today. Hannah seems to be doing just fine on her own. She’s going to be the least of his worries.
Castiel’s heart starts to pound in his ears. He clenches his eyes shut.
Her response?
Apparently he is just that naive.
He knows that now is the time. There will be no better moment than now just to lay it all out on the table. And anyways Dean wants Cas to know. What point is there in hiding anything from your true mate?
Castiel gently takes Dean’s hand and plucks it off of his ass. “In the morning, babe,” he reassures Dean as he drags the covers up around them, “right now I think you could use a little sleep.”
Even if it means hurting himself in the process.
Daphne appears suddenly shy. She looks to Anna, who hesitates and then settles her gaze on Dean. "This is really a family matter, so if you don't mind."
“OH my God, is this you and Dean?” she asks- unnecessarily, Cas thinks, since she knows very well the answer, since she was there when the photo was taken. “You two are
As he’s walking over to do just that, luck finds him. Just beyond the reception desk, he spots her signature head of brown hair leaning over a book at a table in the lounge. He strides right past the desk and approaches the table with a hesitant grin.
It would be great if he were able to talk to anyone about this… but of course he can’t. Dean is so very, very in the closet-- if he even
"I do, but I'm running a little late this morning." It sounds like there's more to that, so Dean raises his eyebrows curiously as he pours the grains loudly into his bowl. Castiel shifts in his chair and moves his eyes away from Dean, focusing his attention on one of the buttons on his shirt. "I didn't want to leave you to wake up alone."
"Are you nervous?" he asks Dean, his voice quiet in the empty kitchen.
And as if it isn't already weird enough that Castiel is so deferential to Dean. In every situation, he is treated an an equal. How many omegas can say that of their alpha? Dean would bet not many. It's a sad fact of life, and thinking of his luck softens him.
Cas’ heart sinks inside his chest. He’d really been hoping that Dean would somehow pull through at the last minute.
"Huh," he breathes, more a reflex than and actual commentary. He raises his hand and knocks on the door quickly, with force, not looking actually looking at the house. He stares down at his shoes and counts the milliseconds until Castiel's enter his field of vision.
Thank God for the constant interruption of children.
Does Dean
Anna, to her credit, keeps the malice out of her voice. “Dean,” she nods curtly, and then, “Sam.”
Here goes nothing. “Why don’t you stay?”
He cannot tell Dean. Not yet, anyway. He knows that he should, he should probably be the first one that Cas tells. But… he's not ready. His mind is all over the place, he wouldn't even know what to say.
Cas thinks that Hannah will pop back up any second, but still he can feel every second tick by.
“Yaaaaaaaaay!” a small voice shrieks on the other end of the call.
who left, who started the divorce process.
Not like,
Over her shoulder, Charlie sends a few parting words to Alistair. “No-good asshat, over-compensating for his micro-dick…”
Dean also makes an effort to get around to all those questions he hasn’t asked.
It's a nice air between them for a few seconds there, and Cas feels an enormous sense of satisfaction at the thought of a successful co-parented holiday. He and Dean could right a book on divorced parenthood, really. He wouldn't want to, but they could.
He doubted himself as a father. Sometimes he felt like he was doing an amazing job, and others it just seemed like his best efforts weren't enough. He needed Dean there to reassure him, to tell him that he was doing just fine. That there feelings were normal.
Sam looked at him cautiously, and then let his shoulders sag in a show of relief. “Thanks. I’ve got a Torts exam to study for, and I really need to get down to business.”
The other boy hums appreciatively. “That’s a really interesting combo". Cas wonders internally if it's possible for Alfie to go a single sentence without complimenting him... and then kicks himself for being mean, even inside his own head.
Dean moves his hands further up Cas’ body, rubbing his forearms, his shoulders, until he’s got his arms around Cas’ waist and can pull him in tight. There’s nothing sexual at all to his touch, for which Castiel feels surprisingly grateful. Being held by Dean, knowing that Dean wants to comfort him, is one of his absolute favorite sensations in the whole world.
Dean nods. Castiel bends down to retrieve the remote control and nods for Dean to take a seat on the couch. He, of course, sets himself as far away as he can.
“Please stay safe,” she begs him, “I love you, my boy.”
It’s not strictly untrue. That doesn’t mean it’s the fullest extent of the truth, either. But he’s not going to explain the intricacies of adult relationships and divorce to a seven-year-old.
Dean peers over at Castiel, whose sourpuss facade is slipping. "Dude," he tells Sam, "I can walk straight out the ocean from our back porch."
He runs through it in his head, the phone call, just to think about what he might say, and already he's getting choked up at the idea of his dad answering the phone. What if he said that he didn't care? Told Dean to stay gone and don't even come back?
Well, that feels nice. Cas is at once comforted by the assurance and even more angry at all the energy he wasted thinking that Dean had forgotten all about him.
incident, but Zachariah and his politics as well. Castiel's barely just gotten comfortable hanging pictures of Hannah in his desk, now he's hauling in his ex-husband fresh from a weekend-long session of love making?
Cas turns around and catches him with a real shit-eating grin. "Quit it, you perv," Dean chastises.
“I told ‘em.”
“Castiel,” he hears Alfie suck in a harsh breath, “I don’t think that’s a good idea right now.”
Also, he's drunk.
Castiel makes an ardent attempt not to show just how happy Dean’s teasing makes him. He fails miserably, of course. He always looks happy when he’s around Dean. Everyone can see it.
Anyways.
“You don’t have to do that." That sounded like a bad idea to Dean. He'd tried before at other schools to play the role of the hero. That wasn't what he saw for himself here. He smiled soft as his lips ducked in to chase after Castiel's. "But… you can keep thanking me if you want.”
Castiel turns to her, confused. For someone who had just been pressing him to consider accepting a proposal, she was certainly hesitant to let him do so.
The corners of Alfie’s lips turn downward. “You’re not an asshole, Cas. Don’t say that about yourself.”
He can’t say it’s easy not to feel resentful about it. But time has passed and wounds have healed. Their little girl has grown up and is on the path to becoming a wonderful little lady. It’s hard to think of Dean now as anything other than a great dad.
“I’m sorry we haven’t figured out that crib situation yet,” he murmured in dulcet tones. “I wanted to buy the preassembled one, but your Uncle Sam insisted on the swedish made piece of shit in that room over there.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“I’m glad we’re in a bigger place now, all to ourselves. It’s got a little yard that she can play in, and an office for me,” he smiles at the sunlight that’s drifting in on his face. “You know, after a while it just gets embarrassing being cooped up in an apartment when you have a kid and you’re supposed to be a grown up. You know?”
Sam’s jaw dropped in front of Dean’s eyes. He couldn’t make himself turn around to see Cas’ face. He was a little afraid to see what he’d look like.
"What the hell?" yells Dean, leaping to his feet.
But Dean isn’t looking over his shoulder. For Cas, that’s a start.
We are getting so close to the end!!!
The second was a tad more risqué.
"Sammy, who was at the door?"
As for that evening's sleeping arrangement, it ends up being a little complicated.
“Of course, I understand,” Balth nods coolly. He takes a step toward Castiel and whispers in a conspiratorial tone, “I suppose that just means we’ll have to do this again.”
Castiel didn't mind, but he should have. Because that very night he looked at Dean, with his too-pink lips and his splotchy cheeks and his glassy eyes, and he knew it. He knew he loved him.
"I'll try my best. I will be a picture of respect."
He has to say that he’s surprised at how protective he feels of his boyfriend right then, but his only concern is getting Alfie away from there. He takes hold of Charlie and turns away, leading them toward the door.
She does, of course, practically gliding across the wooden that leads from the front door toward the staircase. She looks rather unsurprised to see Daphne in there.
His eyes (beautiful, moss-green eyes) drop to the table and his lips fall open into a soft, little
“Well, that’s great,” Dean says. There’s something funny in the way he says it, and Castiel shoots him a look, curious, but before he can give it too much thought their conversation is abruptly interrupted.
Castiel had stood to his feet and brushed the dirt off of his tuxedo. He sniffled again, wiped his nose on his sleeve and kept his eyes away from Dean’s. Apparently, none of this was working to hide his tears from Dean.
The corners of Dean’s lips flicker and his eyebrows drawn inward. “What is?” he asks, confused.
Deep breaths. No reason to lose his mind.
A playful tilt entered Cas’ voice. “Among other things."
Dean went stiff in his arms, which was difficult to do since he was so damn happy with his omega underneath him, lavishing his skin with all kinds of affection. “Uh, Cas?” he started, awkwardly.
Without having to think much, Castiel replies, "Yes. I do." And it's true. Everything's coming at him so fast that his head is turning, and yet he feels... calm. He's not going to make any rash decisions... but he's seeing things a bit clearer now.
"Maybe I'm a bad judge. Or too good a judge."
Sam takes a seat first, pulling up the ottoman in the center of the room and placing it next to the armchair, where John lowers himself ungracefully and Mary leans onto the arm. As far away as possible, Dean seats on the very end of the sofa. Cas chooses to stand. His alpha haunches are up, Dean can tell. The scent exuding from him is off, more acrid than normal.
“How are things going?” Cas asks with quiet excitement. “Classes are good?”
Cas forces himself to look away. He wishes acutely that it didn’t do such things to him seeing them together like this. It’s natural, of course, probably evolutionary; to feel something stir inside you at the sight of your child interacting with their father. But, still, it would be much easier if he were somehow able to breathe all the time when he looked in on them playing well together.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was Dean Winchester. He was sitting in the seat opposite Castiel, also alone. The row in front of them was devoid of people, so it felt like they had an element of privacy surrounding them.
Castiel goes pink. “I know, I know. Well, Alfie really wanted me to come out and I did sleep for most of the afternoon…”
He can’t pretend the question doesn’t shock him. His eyes flick to the mirror once more, brows pressed together. She, however, looks only vaguely interested in his answer.
He never kept one long enough to really learn anything, which was fucking frustrating. Sometimes he didn't know why he bothered anyways. The older he got, the sadder the whole endeavor seemed. What, was he going to do, get discovered? Become a some big shot rock star at thirty, thirty-five years old?
And damn if that didn’t just about make Dean’s heart drop down to the floor right then. He sank onto the bench beside Castiel, as much to steady himself as to comfort his boyfriend. “Nothing is certain, Cas. You’re freaking out.”
He worried that Cas was going to have a heart attack or something. So he raised his eyes, cautiously, until he found Castiel’s-- still wide and fearful, gazing over at him like he’d just… well, like he’s just seen a ghost.
“And you?” Cas looks up to see Dean staring at him curiously. “How’s the new job?”
But, with bitter relief, he realizes that it’s just another nightmare that’s interrupted his sleep. That’s the second one this week, and he’s lost count of how many in the time since he and Cas came out here. He’s gotten used to the sound of his blood churning in his ears, of his teeth grinding in his skull. It’s practically become a nighttime routine.
Sam and Mary's eyes widen with excitement, but Dean waves them off. "It's nothing, it's just a local grocery... but they're really great to omegas. They hire a lot of single mothers and stuff like that... and everyone is so nice there."
His posture is awkward and he can’t bring himself to look into Castiel’s eyes. He keeps looking over back at the people gathering and incrementally Cas can see the way he stands a little straighter, puffs his chest out a bit more.
"He had an accident. At work."
So it was surprising the day that Dean came home to find the house seemingly empty, in something of a disarray. He could hear crying in the distance. He approached the kitchen slowly, like a scene from a war movie. Loud, painful sobs rose from around the corner.
"Aw, c'mon," she whines, with a sense of familiarity to it as if they've known each other for years. Like she were his cousin asking to borrow a toy. "I'm from Pocatello, Idaho. Moved out here when my mom's new dude got a new job."
He wants to say it out loud. That he knows. That they're true mates.
Dean laughed. There was a fat chance that Mom would let him have bacon, especially considering the fancy diet the doctor’d had him on since he went into remission, but Dean appreciated the ribbing for what it was. Still, he made sure to go over to his dad and look him in the eye when he told him, “Thank you. Really, Dad, I… I don’t even…”
“Sorry about that,” Dean says, though he doesn’t sound very affected. “Do you guys, uh, want some drinks?”
There was no reason to go getting serious right away. They were young, they’d barely even begun to explore everything about each other that there was to explore. He wasn’t going anywhere near the “b” word any time soon, that he knew for absolute certain.
She only groans at his words and pushes the homework out from in front of her. She watches with disdain as he slides a plate in front of her and places a healthy amount of carrots on it. He dumps a few vegetables on his plate as well, but he knows he'll barely manage to pick at them.
inner thigh.”
"Where's Luc?"
“Yeah, and me, too,” says Charlie, “you know that.”
Cas gives him a wan smile. "Look at that. Already back to your normal self." He rises from the bed and backs himself toward the door. "Rest up, Dean," he tells him with a gentleness in his voice. No authority to it- there never is.
-----
Mary looks desperately uneasy, standing on the front porch. In the cold light of morning, she appears so human to Dean. So small. It's as if they've traded spaces; she shrank where he grew.
Across the table, Cas is every bit his normal carefree self. Even at seven in the morning. "Well, I'm not worried about that," he shrugs, "In fact, quite the opposite. I'm worried that you'll make too many friends, and you won't have any time left over for me."
He lifts his head in interest. Balthazar is still wearing that Colgate smile. “I couldn’t help noticing all the pictures on your desk.” His hands gesture to the display on Castiel's desk, at which Cas actually feels a bit of pride.
He is going to get out of bed, right now, he tells himself. It’s an easy thing to do. He’s going to do it. He’s
Alfie laughs, amiably. He seems not to have noticed the way Cas' eyes inadvertently followed Dean's well-toned ass. “Hello, earth to Cas? I asked what your major is.”
"Yeah, I can tell."    "You guys are really cute. So, you're mated, or what?"
"What the hell...."
Castiel resumes drinking his tea. “I think
”I love you too, Mom,” he rasps. “I’ll miss you.”
He didn't get to see Cas again until after practice had already started, when he was out on the field throwing around the ball with a couple of guys. He tried to catch Cas' attention. The baseball girlfriends were there on the bleachers, but Cas was sitting apart from them.  Dean assumed that this was Cas being Cas, a separatist. He felt almost irked, what with Cas knowing how much Dean wanted him to have friends of his own, and still refusing to just play nice.
He takes a moment to try and compare what he does know with the idea he'd already had of Castiel in his head. It would have been easy for him to be a dumb, jockhead alpha, it sounds like. Just like Dean would have been, if he'd presented that way.
Before Cas can even conjure up any sort of response to that- not that he knows what to say to the idea- Anna puts down her fork and jumps in for him.
He continues to sit in silence, picturing every single thing that would follow as a consequence of that decision. Going to the doctor, that cold metal table. Coming home afterward, having to live his whole life with this secret. Having to look Dean in the face every week, never telling him the truth of the matter; of what could have been. His stomach turns uncomfortably.
, this feels good. This feels so fuckin’ good.”
And then there’s Dean. Right beside Alistair, directly next to him. Just standing there. Just looking at Cas.
He even manages to eat a bowl of noodles. It feels good. Really good.
Hannah had tried to pick some insufferable animated film involving an anthropomorphized band of jungle birds which Castiel literally, pardon the expression, could not stomach. Luckily, he'd managed to steer her a bit more towards his own tastes, if not completely within their bounds. So now, they're watching
He’s ruined everything. That’s that.
His gaze is fixed on the road, and his hands alternate between wrapping around the steering wheel and gesturing into the air emphatically. His muscles are practically rippling through his leather jacket. Castiel takes all this in with a sort of hazy filter before he turns his own stare out the window to inspect where they are. He knows the road, but not why they're here. It doesn't appear that there headed anyway in particular.
Castiel's hackles are rising, Dean can feel it. His scent grows thick and heady, so much that it makes Dean feel a little lightheaded, overpowered.
Everything is still. Dark. Something creaks in another part of the house, and the final drizzling of the rain storm is tapering off outside.
Cas leans forward and smacks a loud kiss on his mouth. “Yeah. Tonight.” As Alfie turns to go, Cas yanks him backwards, giving two more audible kisses before letting him leave. He closes the door behind him, far more quietly than the way in which Dean had opened it, and leaves behind him a wake of silence.
"No, I-" Dean goes to stop him i his tracks, halting only when he picks up on the devious look on Cas' face. "You're joking. Now, you joke."
Castiel’s mouth falls open. “Oh no.” Dean cocks an eyebrow and he instantly feels his cheeks burning up. Why is that happening? Maybe he should hold off on that second drink. “She’s got that sleepover at her friend Meg’s house tonight. I’m sorry, I should have called and reminded you.”
It's just a good idea to brace himself. To keep a thick membrane. If anything happens, and he has make a run for it, he'll be ready. Or, more ready, at least.
And it’s his birthday.
“Leave him alone,” another, larger guy barrels in, shoving the first one away from Dean, much to his relief, “Can’t you smell he’s taken?”
Castiel sighs. “Well, I used to come with my sister, Anna… but she’s married now.”
The heat between their mouths, when there is a second of pause, is building condensation. It's getting hard to breathe.
“Here are your drinks,” he barks out roughly, “Do you want food?”
around,” responds Cas, a little sensitive.
He leans down and grabs at the first pair of jeans he sees and tugs them onto his body. It’s only once he’s fastened the button that he realizes they’re Dean’s-- a bit too long on him and loose around the waist as well, but he doesn’t care. He is overwhelmed with the urge to get out of that room, stat.
"Dean?"
Dean seems to toss a furtive glance over the shoulder, to see if anyone might be listening. The apartment’s almost cleared out now, except for the sleeping bodies of those who couldn’t make it through the evening.
Dear God does Castiel’s heart just about jump into his throat at that question.
The silence in the car feels amplified now, so different than it had when he'd gotten in the car. The call leaves him feeling happy, in a way he doesn't remember being in a while. It's the same as he felt leaving the restaurant, and it's also different.
He wishes he could tell someone about the way he's feeling. It's tough keeping it all to himself. He hasn't even told Charlie. It's just... putting it in words feels like too much. That makes it real in some way. Doesn't it?
Cas hums curiously. He inspects his paper cup for a few seconds and then says, "All things considered, I'm glad things turned out the way it did."
“If you’re good.”
Dean pulls his head back and smiles wryly down at him. Castiel asks the question a lot, because he finds it funny every time. Something Dean had said once, when he was hiding, that had hurt Castiel so much at the time. And now’s it’s funny.
"Okay..." Dean amends, staying exactly where he is, "Nervous, then."
But then... he takes a minute to consider. Maybe she
He spent the whole year Dean was away at basic training fighting with himself, wishing that he could be the kind of person who was good and supportive and filled only with pride for his boyfriend's sacrifice. He wanted to be. So badly, did he want to be.
“I hope you are having fun,” she said, and Castiel detected a change in her tone of voice. She moved in closer, wrapped a hand around his arm and gave it a light squeeze. “You see, I can tell that you’ve got a little crush on Dean. And that’s fine, I can’t blame you-- I mean, he’s totally gorgeous.”
together. He couldn’t just turn to her over dinner one night and say,
So Castiel paced down the aisle slowly, checking off names as he went. Whenever he stopped to ask the name of an athlete, he was met with silent glares- so for some he just guessed which name belonged to who, and moved as quickly as he could to avoid incident.
In the evening, when their exhaustion begins to set in, they decide to break for dinner. PB&J on wheat, one of the only things they have in their dorm room. Cas walks back over to the to the bed with two plates in hand and gives one to Dean.
Dean frowns. He hadn't thought about that. He guesses he assumed they'd stay at his old house, even though even thinking that to himself now sounds like torture. It dawns on him then, the reality that he didn't really think any of this through at all. He'd just jumped on a plane because Sam told him to, really and now he's here. He'd brought
He lurches back, an alternating battle between dry-heaving and gasping for air waging in his throat. His eyes are open, so full of tears that he can’t see a damn thing anyway.
“Honestly, anywhere but here,” Dean answers in the present, after gulping down a glass of orange juice. Cas buys the all-natural stuff with the pulp in it, which Dean used to think tasted funky, but he’s getting used to it. “I’m thinking West Coast. I wouldn’t mind living by the beach.”
Dean lifts up the blanket, and looks to Castiel with his eyebrows raised, asking permission to come underneath. Cas wants to remind him that it's
As Alfie opens the door to his building, Castiel finally finds his voice. “Alfie,” he slurs into the other boy’s shoulder. “Why are feelings so… hard?”
, is what Dean is is clawing to scream in her face, but he's sure that it's only the stupid omega part of him that's getting all territorial, so he makes that part of his brain just shut off for now. Again.
It is new, Cas agrees, but that doesn’t mean it can’t be often. He pulls Dean to the edge of the bed and sinks down onto his knees on the floor, set out to prove his point to a very willing Dean.
He places both hands on the kitchen counter and sinks down onto them. "Ugh," he grunts, to no one but himself. He listens to the sound of the clocking counting out the seconds, letting the moments go by as he stays there, head in hand, reflecting on his flaccid anger.
Until he sees a face that is too familiar not to notice.
Dean pokes at his eggs and tries to figure out a way to make them seem appealing to him. Not that Cas isn’t a good cook, it’s just that the thought of any food right now sits in his stomach like a rock. He's not used to being up so early. One of many things he'll have to get used to.
Dean paused before he responded. He took a minute to look down at Castiel, at how peaceful he looked, the way his chest expanded and contracted with each measured breath. Dean could imagined how exhausted he was: all those emotions in one day, it was a lot for him.
He knows Dean. After eleven years of their lives tangled together, he doesn't have to make a guess at what Dean is storming in there to do right now. What he doesn't know is how he feels about it.
Fuck it. Dean did not intend to get this worked up. This isn't helping shit.
Which, yes, could be easily excused away, with the old times and the memories and the beers everyone's drunk today- but Cas is tired of making excuses. Especially with what Anna's just put into his mind.
It would have been the perfect time to say something; he’d lay it all out right there, the perfect transition. But… Cas’ foot was rubbing against his leg, and it felt so good. It felt normal, which was something he hadn’t felt in half a month.
Cas slings his bag over his shoulder and marches out of the office, towards his car, and the whole time he has the sensation of eyes following him.
Does he expect his friends to drop him with the snap of a finger? No. Does he think Cas or Gabe will toss him out onto the street? No, he doesn't.
Dean retracted his hand from Cas’ leg and straightened his back against the chair. “Do you remember what happened?”
They’re doing just that, chatting outside the meeting room, Pamela giving him a few leads for info on his education article- when Balthazar strides up beside them and flashes him them all of his bright, perfectly white teeth.
“How are we celebrating?” piped up Gabriel. “Stripper cake? Renting out an amusement park?”
“No, I get it. No worries.”
“Your heart beating alright? Need me to call an ambulance? I’ve got your address written down just here…”
“Hey, let’s go grab dinner from the cafeteria,” he suggests suddenly, when the rumbling of hunger pains sounds loud enough for him to hear.
Without making eye contact, Castiel drops his bag onto his desk and pulls out his laptop and headphones.
The minute Castiel saw him, he released a sound of total exasperation. “Oh, Dean,” he nearly panted, “you’re here. Thank God. I just got Roman to sleep, you wouldn’t believe the afternoon we’ve had.”
Anyways. Back to the matter at hand.
Charlie speaks again, softly. “Not like…”
After the shower, Dean takes a towel and dries Castiel off, head to foot. While on the one hand it felt vaguely insulting to be treated like a child, he has to admit that on a much larger scale it feels like absolutely the right thing. He enjoys being taken care of by Dean, with every fiber of his being; and, perhaps even more, he enjoys watching how much Dean seems to like taking care of him.
The minute they get into the store, Hannah attempts to run off toward the pastry case, and Cas has to reach out a hand and pull her back. “You can get your snack at the end. First, we’re buying vegetables.”
If Cas were a less cynical person, he might have allowed that little display earlier in the day to weigh on his mind. But fortunately for him, he isn’t-- so he doesn’t need to waste his time wondering about who was staring where and whether that was significant. No, he is free. Free, free, free.
That’s something that’s always made him smile. Dean’s secret nerdy side.
Cas is cracking a grin now. It's uneasy, but he's trying to project a sense of levity for Dean."There's no reason for you to sleep on the floor with my dirty socks."
His face went soft, his eyes begging. “Don’t be like this. Please.”
He thinks of Sam then. He might be part of the reason why Dean decided to split from home, but he still loved the little runt. If he ever heard someone utter a single bad word about him, he'd high-tail it back to Kansas just to personally throw the first punch.
Even though it's a little awkward, Dean couldn't be more grateful for the intervention. He couldn't keep that up without support. He looks to Castiel for a momentary acknowledgment of thanks and then back to his mother. She's a little curled in on herself, maybe embarrassed.
He always wanted to take one with Sammy: a trip like this. To hit the open road, nothing but their dad's Impala to accompany them as they coasted down the open road. They could go wherever, or everywhere, it wouldn't matter to Dean.
And next to him, Cas gets the most devious smile Dean has ever seen on his face, and he refuses to turn and look his way.
After a moment, Cas set the cup down on the table beside him and cleared his throat. “I... I’m sorry. I don’t...”
It’s only after Cas ends the call that he recalls what he’d left paused on the TV in the living room, and he bolts from the kitchen muttering a soft “shit” as he does. He finds Dean standing next to the large screen, taking it in with a curious expression. He sips from his drink but doesn’t look up when Cas enters the room.
"Is he dead?"
He tries to hide the grimace. He can't hold back the groan.
“Benefit?” Dean repeats, a little on edge. Like, friends with benefits? Because that's not what he'd been looking for.
What does he say to that? He's
They’ll be growing pains, for a bit, but that’s how it has to be. Dean’s gotten over this once before, he can do it again. He doesn’t have another choice.
She’s about to turn around and scan the room and Cas knows she’ll see what he saw and she’ll know. So he comes up with the first lie he can think of. “It’s-- sorry, it’s silly. I just, thought I saw Alistair, was all.”
Things have changed so much in so little time. His world is like mirror image of itself.
Castiel lets out a loud groan, so embarrassed at his own thought process that it starts to give him stomach cramps. “
“Yeah?”
“Actually, it was you and Dorothy who first made me think about it.” Charlie gasps and blushes, and she looks about five years younger when she does it. It’s cute. “You guys, and…”
Castiel hadn’t even had time to finish reading a single paragraph. He raised his head to answer and gasped as he did. Dean was leaning across the aisle, significantly impinging on his own personal space. Castiel inched closer to the window, allowing a margin of space to draw between them.
“We can do it next week,” Anna supplies, “I promise.”
If that takes a little weekend work, so be it. It’s not like he has anything much going on when Hannah’s gone anyway (but don’t let his siblings know that, or he won’t ever hear the end of it).
Castiel trails a few steps behind him, leaving space between the two of them. He's been very clear about his view on coming to the house this morning: that he would love to get to know Sam and Mary, but only to Dean's comfort level. Cas is still the same person from yesterday. He's very guarded, and Dean suspects he holds resentments towards the Winchesters that Dean might never have given voice to.
“Because of the history?” asks Dean, genuinely curious.
Does she have everything she needs? Will she sleep alright? Is everyone being nice to her?
But he’d be heartbroken. There’s so many things he likes about Dean, even loves about him (as terrifying as that is to admit). To think that in return all Dean sees him as is a play thing… The thought makes him gag, literally, and he has to finally free himself from Dean’s grip on his hair and neck.
They tumble into the living, next to the open door that leads to the back stairway. Dean's head tucked comfortably but not delicately onto Castiel's chest. The sound of the beach floats in. He focuses on breathing. His own, and Castiel's. He feels the deep inhalations, the way his chest expands with air like a balloon. He'd never thought much about breathing before. To be fair, he didn't really need to. It was just something he did. But Cas is all into yoga and he yacked so much to Dean about it that something must have stuck.
He takes a deep breath and hands his glass to Anna for a refill. “Now, can we move on and try to have a civilized meal? Or is that too much to ask?”
The kiss intensifies quickly and they migrate closer to one another, as close as they can be without wrapping their limbs around each other. Castiel pushes Dean over onto his back, which Dean lets himself be without any argument. (Why? No questions now. Thoughts come later, kissing now). He gasps at the way Castiel grips his arms but Cas kisses the sound away before it even finds the air.
“I’m just Human Services,” Alfie is saying now, leaning in to drum his fingers against the tabletop.
He was going to tell Cas all about this, on their next date. Hopefully, someplace with a bit more ambiance, and a few less ghosts.
His father immediately seems to agree with Castiel, though his mother is a bit more apprehensive. She is squinting curiously at him now, as if she’s not sure what could have come over him to make him so suddenly change his mind.
He takes a seat at the counter and wonders absently what Cas will make for dinner that night. He's gotta hand it to the guy, he's a pretty good cook. And he knows how to make a lot of stuff. Dean's never met anyone who can cook nearly as much stuff as Castiel can. At least, not any guys. And definitely not any alphas.
“No, that’s alright. I was just going to get changed for a run,” he responds while crossing the room to his dresser. He goes to a drawer and pulls out several pieces of black spandex. “Tell me about your day.”
It scares him to think about. It's so much easier to just dig his heels into the ground, to stick with the choice he's made and never have to think about it again.
He's not sure if he's cooked eggs before, but he thinks that he could do it if he tried.
Castiel's eyes twinkle, a bit of mischief in them. His fingers dance up Dean's sides. “As my boyfriend: yes, you can ask me anything.”
“What?” Charlie grabs at him arm, concerned. “What is it?”
And he was never allowed to talk about it. His friends didn’t understand, they were quickly bored of his harping on about the same old story. And of course he couldn't say anything about it to Dean. Every once in a while, he'd let s little hint of his sadness slip in, a little extra tear in his 'I miss you'. But Dean felt so guilty whenever every time. Cas learned just to swallow it down, to keep it to himself so that he was the only now who knew how deep his sadness went.
He turned around to look at Cas, aware that he was panting heavily, adrenaline pumping through him like a river. It had been a while since he’d been on a hunt. Under different circumstances, it might have felt good to be back at it.
There’s a lot riding on this.
Oh shit. He’d forgotten all about their lunch plans. Moving faster than he has all day, Castiel shirks the thick comforter off of his body and flies across the room. Charlie is still pounding on the door when it swings open-- meaning that she very nearly punches Castiel in the face. He ducks to narrowly avoid connecting with her fist.
Dean will be out of them room. During baseball practice, or one of the classes that he knows Dean can’t skip (he’s not very happy with himself that he has all of Dean’s schedule memorized, but now that it’s coming in handy he doesn’t feel the need to berate himself).
Castiel’s face goes darkened in .3 seconds flat.
Castiel goes to the sink for a glass of water. He hasn’t let himself think about these things for a long time, probably because of that fact that it still hurts. He would rather pretend that he never felt anything at all, that would make all of this so much easier. Feeling Dean's hand on him last night, waking up to him smiling in Castiel's kitchen. It's confusing, to say the least. It's bringing back things Castiel has long since buried in a dark corner of the attic of his mind.
Even through the worst of moods, he can't help a small smile through at that. He turns toward Cas and answers, "Yeah." He thinks his voice sounds the same as Castiel's. He hopes it does. He reaches over for Cas' hand and rubs it with his own.
Dean stays silent. There's a half smile living on his face that he can't seem to quell, so he opts to bury his face in the pillow. Castiel lays still beside him, and for a moment they remain that like. Charged, frayed nerves hiding behind placid morning stillness.
It only took two drinks before they were back on the sofa, knees touching and posture growing more relaxed. Another half a drink and they were at it again, hands tugging at collars and ripping at buttons, until Castiel was underneath him, fingers tugging at his hair and begging Dean to mark him with a bite.
That's enough to make Dean give her a second glance, but only for a fraction of a second. "That so?"
"So, when my father died, about five years ago-"
Beside her, Dean shrugs. "Whatever, as long as they keep the sake flowing."
"Of course not," Cas is quick to respond. Balthazar tosses a wink over his way and then turns away and glides down the hall. There's something so elegant in the way he moves, in the way he does everything. Maybe all English people are like that, Cas thinks.
None of this was new information but he was absolutely overwhelmed right then, so much so that he needed to run out into the parking lot before anyone could see the tears that would inevitably fall. So now he was outside, hiding behind a plant and trying to steady himself before anyone could spot him, and--
Cas looks like he wants to reach out, to lace his fingers through Dean's the way that he does at home. But he doesn't. And Dean is not disappointed. He's not. It's just... it's like a reflex thing now. A comfort.
, your home base, where you always know that you can go when it gets cold and you keep your shit there and you know you're safe there.
Castiel clears his throat with a cough. "You're welcome."
He wishes he could just get over it. A whole year has passed. Why can't he just let go of that anger?
Cas walks past her and collapses into the beanbag chair at the corner of the room. He expels a long, defeated sigh. “You have no idea.”
Dean holds up a hand to block Castiel in his tracks. “Stop it. Just, stop that.”
The sentence cuts off sharply. It cuts off sharply because the words catch in his throat when he looks up and sees none other than Castiel walking in through the door.
Dean turns around and clicks the stove off in a loud, fluid motion. He whips his head back around to Castiel, eyes filled with fresh pleading, though it's tampered now by frustration. He's starting to lose his cool, a little bit. “What are you talking about? Of course it’s that easy. We were together, and then we weren’t, and now we are again. Boom.”
Two days ago he couldn't have felt more ready, more bursting to strike out n his own and put as many miles as he could between himself and the place he had always called home. But now that's he's here, that's he's crossed the border and he can almost smell the ocean air, Dean is filled with ten different kinds of doubts.
Before either of them notices, it’s already Sunday evening. They’ve been surviving on white bread sandwiches and the random packets of junk food they had lying around the room; that, and last night, they’d indulged in few sips from an old half bottle of whiskey that Dean had swiped from his dad over christmas break. Not enough to get drunk, really. But enough to make fooling around feel a little extra good, and to make Dean unafraid to let his hands roam wherever he might please.
“Right. Well, that’s perfectly natural. We have… I know you don’t want to hear this, but we have a bond. And it’s… profound. It’s deep, it’s written in our bones. And you might not like it, but it seems to be having an effect on you as well.”
And that... that about burns Dean up. That really just sums it all up, doesn't it? How his father sees him. Easy to dismiss, not worth the fight.
A few minutes later, she interrupts him, in her typical fashion, with her finger twirling adorably around the hair that hung in her face. “Hey, Daddy?”
He’s just opened his mouth to do so, when his lips clamp shut without his brain’s approval. Dean’s hands have gone to his sides now, just below his ribs. It’s a spot that feels both tickling and dangerously good, and he chews on his lower lip to stop any offending sounds from escaping is mouth.
Their bodies lean into each other, Dean’s arms supporting Castiel’s much smaller frame,  Cas’ hands sliding up Dean’s chest to circle around his neck. Dean’s lips moved against his with velvet perfect, and Castiel felt like all the nights he’d spent dreaming were nothing compared to this. He twists a bit in Dean's arms, which only wrap in tighter around him, and a sound escapes Cas that he's never heard before. He quite likes it.
were sixteen," Dean contests proudly, "
“Is he still bothering you?” she presses, gently holding onto his hand with her own.
“Everything you just said," Cas' words were measured, definite, "is absolutely fucking ridiculous. Do you really think those things about me?”
“See, this is exactly why I stopped dating women,” he told her with a smirk. “I can never tell what you want.”
Around one in the morning, he’s jostled awake by a strange sensation. He grunts and tries to roll over, unsure what’s disturbed his peaceful slumber-- but he can’t. There’s something blocking his way. He fumbles for a second, trying to move himself to sit up, until he feels a warm hand come to wrap around his middle.
He lifts a hand up to graze over Cas' cheek, and as he does he leans down even more, pushing the alpha back onto the mattress and giving himself the space to climb onto his lap. The spandex of his running shots is taut, contrasting the softness of the fingers running over it.
Dean pauses to consider the offer. “Maybe,” he grants her after a moment.
If he was going to do this, to try and really do the whole dad thing (and it didn’t seem like there were any other options being proposed), he didn’t think he wanted to do it like that. Not the way his dad had raised him.
“Yes, it is. But family’s just about the most important thing in the world, as far as I see. It’s well worth the trip gettin’ to see my parents and my brother again.”
Which is fine. He is not here for Dean, he’s here for Alfie. Alfie who is smiling at him all wide and goofy, and keeps brushing up against him unnecessarily. Castiel pretends that he doesn’t notice, because he likes Alfie and he enjoys spending time with him and confrontation is a terrible thing that he will always avoid at all costs.
He hadn't meant to ask that. He didn't even mean to talk at all. The question just... came out. Like when he was writing. He must have turned on some mental faucet and forgot to turn it off.
“Alright,” muttered Castiel, trying to hide his disappointment. “I have to run to the restroom, I’ll be right back. “
Despite being in a huge rush to tell Dean that there is something he needs to tell him, Sam takes his sweet time in actually telling him the thing. How long does the silence stretch while Dean is waiting, practically shivering, on the edge of his seat? Thirty seconds, a minute? It seems so, so much longer than that.
Castiel feels a shy smile playing on his lips, immediately. It’s almost involuntary.
So, he’d have to say no. He was flattered, honored, but he simply couldn’t do it.
“What have you heard?” He asks it plainly, without decoration. There's no need to waste time on any embarrassment or anger. Pragmatic as ever, Castiel thinks.
“For what it’s worth,” Castiel’s voice has gone to a low timbre, “I did have a big crush on you. The whole time.”
After that, Castiel tries to keep busy in the kitchen. Putting on the last minutes touches, checking everything over, etc. He listens intently to the action in the other room, which mostly consists of fevered cheers from the Winchesters brothers, mimicked after a few seconds by a confused Gabriel.
He takes a moment to collect his thoughts. He walks out from the bathroom into the living room, inhales deeply into his lungs and then exhales. His eyes flutter closed. He forces himself to relax, mind and body. His fingers curl over the material on his stomach.
He's pretty glad to be wrong for once.
"Alright," he says, a little dazed, blinking like he's just come out of a fog. "Are you-"
Cas extracts himself from Dean’s arms and allows him to direct Victor in the right direction. Castiel goes back into the living room and sinks back against the wall once more to watch them leave, unashamedly letting his eyes drop just south of Dean’s coat tails for a moment. He really does look like something special in that costume. Cas really has the most attractive boyfriend he thinks anyone should be allowed to have.
Castiel sits up straight in his seat, trying his best to able seem surprised to see his roommate.
“I didn’t need you to do that, Dean,” he hisses before Dean can take another step. Dean freezes, and his eyebrows furrow at the center of his forehead, like he could not have possibly imagined anything like that coming out of Castiel’s mouth.
Castiel strides across the floor as quick as he can and takes Dean’s face between his palms, tugging his mouth down to connect with his own. Cas goes in hard and fast, immediately opening his mouth and stretching his tongue into Dean’s mouth, moaning loudly because it feels so good to do it.
He stuttered nervously. Cassie didn’t wait for an answer. “You’re here with Dean, aren't you? Are you having fun?”
Dean tells him that he’s got it and after a few more minutes of fawning, Cas manages to leave for work.
A stiff raise of the eyebrows from Dean. “You... sure that’s a good idea?”
Benny is soft and sweet. Like a beignet fresh from the oven. It's fitting with his personality. Though when his temper flares, that beignet is burnt to crisps and Dean makes sure to run away so as not to get the smell caught in his nose.
She laughs, which amazingly manages to pull a small chuckle from him as well. Charlie grins when she sees that, and then pulls her hand back in to herself.
It’s Alfie, from his Sociology course.
“No, no,” he shrugs, like it isn’t a big deal at all-- which truly, it isn’t, because it wasn’t Alistair that he saw at all. “Not since… Not recently. Oh, hi Alfie.”
The comment prickles something in Castiel. He straightens his back and reaches for a thin pamphlet covered in delectable-looking cartoons of ramen bowls and dumplings. Even while he's chatting with Dean, keeping an air of perfect nonchalance, inside his thoughts are a continuous circle of
"But you didn't." And maybe that's sadder: that she wanted to, but wouldn't let herself. Or he wouldn't let her.
Cas isn't sure if he needs to be.
Her sapphire blue eyes are aimed out the window. There’s such a sense of carefree attitude about her. “Daddy asked me if you did.”
There was no way to describe the expression of Castiel's face. Dean imagined his must have looked the same that morning, when he got that phone call.
They wait a few moments, until Castiel is fully calmed down again. He tries to apologize (once more) to Dean, who won’t have any of it. He just runs his over Castiel’s arms,  “I think… you might be in a bit of a rough patch, right now. I’d like it you to let me help you through it. I’d like to be allowed to take care of you until you’re on the other side.”
Dean sounded shocked. “Wait, what? No. Why are you leaving?”
. Dean doesn't even think about it before he reaches for it and checks the screen to see who's calling. Charlie's name flashes in front of him and Dean breathes a sigh of intense relief. Thank God. Talking to Charlie actually sounds like a soothing balm for his troubles.  He swipes to accept and leans back against the chair he's sitting in. "You have no idea how glad I am that it's you calling."
Tension radiates through the room. Castiel doesn't know if this is going the way he had thought it would. He's too nervous to be analytical. His eyes dart every so often over to the chair and he takes in the expression Dean is wearing. He watches his chest puff up and down from the large breaths he's inhaling. He counts the seconds of silence.
He slips on an old shirt of Castiel's and follows him down the stairs. He prays that what they've just done isn't so obvious on his face that Gabe knows the minute he sees him. He does not look forward to that torturous conversation.
Castiel's knit eyebrows flare out, framing his dumbfounded expression. "What do you mean?" he asks, a tinge of sensitivity to his tone. He looks down to his armpits and gives a half-hearted sniff.
He's just caught one candy in his own mouth, and is delightedly celebrating (despite the fact that he'd forgotten he despises the taste of candy corn on his tongue), when a pair of strong arms wrap around his forearm, and frighten him enough to make him jump.
Dean ducks his head to hide the way that his cheeks have gone bright fucking lobster red at the mention of sexuality.
Dean begins to sway their bodies together, slowly, not quite dancing but something like it.
It's better that he remembers. He needs to remind himself of all the hurt and the anger he felt towards Dean, the things he never got to say aloud because he felt too guilty or he wasn't allowed to.
So, he definitely looks like a crazy person right now in the middle of the cafe.
Dean sighed aloud as he fondly remembered each and every one of those occasions. They’re all vivid in his memories, he’d made such a big deal out of making sure they managed to try them all. (
And Cas… Dean still hadn’t seen Cas yet.
It’s been like this for days. Morning after morning, and he can’t find the motivation to do anything as much as go for a walk. It’s
Dean snorts. "No way." He stabs a piece of egg and takes a hearty bite. With his mouth still full, he adds, "And anyway, I've gotta sleep somewhere, right?"
Another growl from Dean, and he leapt into action like a tiger called to battle. He took his time, worked Cas over with his hand and his tongue, split him wide open until he begged for release. He told him how good he was, what a perfect omega; told him he loved him. Dean felt like it was his truest purpose on this earth, doing this for Castiel at exactly that moment. He didn't have a single regret while he was buried inside his mate.
“I didn’t say that you were.” She crosses the kitchen and hoists up another box onto the counter. She pulls out spatulas and whisks, placing them onto the granite countertop beside her.
Sam and Mary look at each other, clearly not expecting the sudden departure. Sam stands to his feet. "Are you guys leaving today?"
Dean sat up from where we he was lying down on the couch and frowned, looking down at his phone. The message seemed... weird? Not that Jo didn’t like Cas or anything, but she wasn’t generally the type to go asking checking up on him through Dean.
Dean’s heart stopped at Cas’ words.
“Maybe it was presumptuous," shrugged Cas, "but it’s true. That first time I held her in my own hands, I just looked at her and I loved her so damn much.”
He wants to impress Dean. He wants to seem smart and mature and worldly and sensual and experience… but, he isn’t any of those things, and he doesn’t have the first clue how look like he is.
He stands as well, steeping across the room to search for his jacket. "Hm... yes to the food but no to the ride. I should take my own car." The last thing he needs is the stress of being stranded at the office... or needing to take a ride from Balthazar. Cas doesn't necessarily feel like being around him right now.
It was just an insurance policy, the iron rod. Under no circumstances did Dean intend to get ganked tonight. And he wasn’t going to put Cstiel in harm’s way either. Even though they probably wouldn’t even see old Mr. Murdoch. Probably.
“Yes?” he replies nervously.
Then he heads back home immediately. He locks the door behind him and places his bag delicately down on the table. He takes in a deep breath and then exhales, repeating the process enough times that he feels he's wasted too much time being ridiculous.
“Leave him the fuck alone,” Dean commands in a gruff voice as he climbs off of Alistair. He stands up and wipes the dirt off his pants, tossing a scowl back at Ali as the other boy rises to his feet.
Cas whips his head up just as he tugs a t-shirt down over it, and he glowers at Dean with a trembling energy he’d never known himself capable of before.
Cas toys with the string of his bathrobe.
bed and he can do whatever he wants in it… but he decides not to say anything. He nods his head and watches intently as Dean wriggles in closer. The blanket is draped over the two of them, only their heads exposed to the fresh air.
And like an axe falling from a guillotine, in one fell swoop he was done for. Dean knew that moment was it.
So he gets out of his bed and goes right in Castiel’s, not even giving himself a second to pause. And he’s rewarded for it. The minute he lies down on the mattress, he settles into a cozy kind of peace.
He's perfectly aware of the boundaries that are in place between himself and Dean, and why they are there. He reminds himself that while a more relaxed, casual friendship with Dean would be an ideal situation, he needs to remember himself. And Hannah. He needs to remember her, most of all.  “Anyway, you will eat it or no?”
Hi y'all. This is a bit of a long one, which is why it took me so long to get out. There's not a ton of Dean/Cas interaction but it's laying a lot of groundwork. I'm pretty excited about this one, every time I go to write something new it takes a turn I wasn't expecting. Anywho, let me know what you think!
He pushed past Dean until he was standing in the hallway, and he quickly brushed past him down the hall to the bedroom. “You know, I stopped by the shop a few times, trying to catch you,” he narrated over his shoulder as he walked down the hall. “How very convenient, that you happened to be out every day that I went by.”
He opens his mouth to say something, probably to apologize but Alfie beats him to the punch. “Hey, I’m sorry about last night. I know that you were…”
That morning, they’d attempted their first shower together, which left both of them in a heap of soapy giggles, which quickly turned into timid arousal. Castiel was impressed with how quickly Dean was adjusting to the... changes of his partner’s anatomy, shall we say. Namely: Cas’ dick.
A small sigh can’t help but to escape Castiel. He almost wishes that Alfie didn’t sound so sincere when he asks about Dean. He always does, because he’s a good person. And really, once word got out about everything, no one had been quicker to wish them happiness than Alfie. Even with the timing of it all, and there’s no way he couldn’t have realized, he just wanted Cas to be happy. It nearly broke Castiel’s heart to think of it.
It didn’t take a genius to see that Cas was growing more and more agitated by his avoidance. At first, he was forgiving. He sent Dean encouraging texts, and told him that he hoped everything was alright. He was sweet and generous, and totally unafraid to send suggestive pictures for which Dean was incredibly grateful.
Cas's brow furrows in Dean's direction, like he doesn't know why Dean might've said that. “Right now he’s struggling with the fact that he can’t trust
Dean strolled over to the basket and reached inside. He was aware that Cas’ eyes followed closely as he did. “Her name is Ruby. She’s nine months old-- well, ten months now. I got a call last month from some random woman named Minnesota or something shit, and now I have a daughter, and there’s no one else who can take care of her, and even if there was I wouldn’t care because I look at her, and I’m just lost, man.”
Dean swings around and looks at his mother. "And you. Why don't you ever stop him? If you'd stood up to him more when I was still living here, I wouldn't have had to leave. He made it a living nightmare to be here after I presented, and you just let him."
Dean continues to approach cautiously. He's trying to keep some measure on control in his voice as he says, “Cas, I know you’re scared but you don’t have to--”
So he rolls over and attempts to tame the wild animal that is the hair he was blessed with by his parents. Jo gives him a quick wave and slips out, and Cas is left by himself. He turns back to his reflection and gives himself a once-over. He sighs.
It’s small talk. It’s fine. This is what they are now.
Cas almost slams his foot on the break.
He took a large step back, to get the full view of the two of them together. Castiel, so generous and forgiving and bordering on perfect, and Ruby, who’d changed his life in ways he never knew he wanted four weeks ago.
“And I you,” murmured Castiel in agreement. He was beginning to feel quite put on the spot.
At one point in the fall semester, Dean sat on the mega bed shoving books into his bag and asked, "Are you on west campus for lunch today? Do you want to meet up at like one?"
Cas flips over in a panic as he’s suddenly smacked with the remembrance of the evening before. It's not a clear picture, mostly a mess of words and feelings, but he knows what he did. He knows.
Charlie's frown flips into a grin. "Well that's good enough for me, too. But you let me know if he needs any roughing up, you hear?"
Another pleased smile plays on his lips.
It's then he notices that the sky's gone dark around them. He's been out wandering for much longer than he'd thought, he should hurry to get to Charlie's before the front door locks and he can't get in anymore.
Oh no. He's been spotted. From the doorway, Castiel turns his head at just that moment, and it's so obvious the second that he catches sight of Dean, because he lights up like a damn switchboard when he does. He immediately starts to walk in the direction of their table, and Dean doesn't know what he can do to stop him without being a total jerk. But he's approaching too fast, and Dean is panicking, so all he can do is just shake his head, as fervently without being enough to make Jo notice.
They sat with some of Dean’s non-jock friends, which was already a big load off of Cas’ shoulders. Joanna and Garth and Anna were all lovely people, and very warm towards him. They even made a few jokes that they were glad he was at their table instead of Cassie Robinson…. Castiel felt bad, but he couldn’t stop himself from laughing at that.
He sighs. "I can't go back in there right now. Okay? I just can't." He sees an earnestness in her eyes, a desperation. He knows full well he can't let her keep feeling like that on his account. "We'll come back in the morning. I'll spend some time with you and Sam then, okay? Just you two."
“Not unless it’s Frosted Cocoa Pops, right?” He sinks down onto her knees and offers a hand, which Hannah readily slaps with an enthusiastic high five. He rises back up with a crooked smile and looks to Cas, who is trying his hardest not to grimace.
Under the blanket, Cas squirms uncomfortably. He can’t get a good read on where Dean is going with this. He feels unsure of what to think, what to say. He chooses a question that he think feels safe.
But this girl appears undaunted by his curtness. She falls in step beside him. "Where you from?" she asks. Her voice is like a cheerleader's, but something in it seems tough. Like if a cheerleader chewed dip, or went to a gun range on the weekends.
“You’d come here by yourself?”
He’s sure it’s nothing like firing a weapon, or being deployed halfway across the world. Even just the thought makes his throat feel tight, Dean throwing himself into danger like that. He knows he doesn’t have the right to be concerned, but it makes him feel angry that Dean would ever want to put himself in harm’s way--
. Castiel is on top of Dean now, lined up so that his cock is rubbing up against Dean’s, and the voice moaning in his ear has gone hoarse from crying out in pleasure.
Dean tries to act casual, like he doesn't notice. “Hey. I brought you this. I knew you like your tea, but I figured…” He holds out one of the beers to where Castiel can reach for it.
"I thought I was your good luck," Castiel retorted. It was just bordering on snarky, and it made Charlie snort quietly.
This is definitely an overreaction. He doesn't even know for sure that Gabe was talking about convincing Cas to entirely forget about Dean. Maybe he just means trying to forget him in the... romantic way.
Cas isn't moving either. Maybe he's frozen, too. Dean can't be sure. They're still locked in on each other's eyes, and he doesn't know what's happening, but he doesn't dislike it.
Well, a cool dismissal would be the best, he supposes. Dean can just be callous and pretend nothing happened at all. That will be the easiest thing; no change at all, really.
Cas went in for another sniff and the smile on his face grew a bit. “The crib?” he asked, the sound of a laugh hiding behind his teeth.
The bottom of the pile isn’t manufactured DVDs in plastic boxes with ponies on them. Here, at the bottom of the pile and the recesses of Castiel’s mind, is where all their old home movies live.
“Come
She continued to stare, open-mouthed and frozen from shock, all the while he was rambling on. He didn’t turn around, but he could feel Cas’ eyes burning a hole in the back of his head.
“Yeah. I have five younger siblings. I know my way around a baby. I bet I could even help assemble that crib.”
For once, not even he believes his own bullshit.
There isn’t anything to say. Castiel just stares down at the plate in front on him.
--------
But she didn't. And Dean can learn to love her through that.
Castiel smirks and quirks his lips into a grin. “Very,” he agrees.
He hadn’t exactly meant to turn up the heat, but as soon as his tongue has dragged over Dean’s collarbone and he’d heard the way Dean started mewling in pleasure, Cas is rock hard and on a war path all the way down Dean’s naked torso.
Cas thinks he’s misheard him; or else, this conversation isn’t starting the way he thought it would. “...what?”
“Oh. Okay then.”
And besides, it wasn’t like anyone would have wanted him there anyways.
What are your hopes for our friends? Are you rooting for Cas and Alfie? Cas and Dean? Let me know in the comments below!
(See the end of the chapter for
But Ruby, as always, had something to say about it. “Daddies," she yelled, as if she were the only one with their head on straight, "Roman can’t eat pizza!”
Dean felt a pang of anger toward Sam for that comment. “I know that,” he bit out. He didn’t appreciate being underestimated-- and, anyways, that’s not what Cas was. “Just get in the damn car.”
He knows that Balthazar likes him, which is more than he can say for Zachariah, the senior editor. In fact, he’s more than a little bit sure that Balthazar is the reason he got this job in the first place, and so Castiel feels a great amount of debt toward him.
Castiel agrees and follows her through the crowd of disguised humans in the living room, out onto the balcony. On the way, they're stopped by Benny and his girlfriend Andrea, who hand each of them a shot glass filled with clear liquid and demand that they 'throw 'em back', as Benny says. Cas, never one to fight a good bargain, obeys, with Charlie follows behind him by just seconds. They both let out a cry of disgust when the distinct flavor of pumpkin hits their tongues, and then, with their guests pleased, continue on their path outside.
Dean nervously reached his hands out and laid them on the small of his husband’s back. He tried as gently as possible to push Cas out into the hallway and in the direction of their bedroom. Just before he closed the door behind them, he shouted down the hall, “Rubes? Watch your brother for a minute.”
“Right,” Dean confirmed. “And you two have been friends outside of that class for months. Which means...”
He lies there motionless as Dean settles in, staring up at the ceiling. He doesn’t want to look over at the boy beside him; can’t risk any stray emotions if he sees Dean’s eyes shining up at him in a certain way right.
Welp, I didn't realize we were going to be having a family Thanksgiving until Cas did! Sometimes your stories go places that you yourself had no idea. What a wild ride.
That's what makes it so weird to see how everything is going really, really well for Dean right now. It's been a long time since he would say that about himself.
Dean blinked a few times. “Erm, that depends. Who’s asking?”
For his part, Balthazar is unfazed. It's as if he expected Castiel to react with indignation. Has this all been planned? "Cas, Cas, Cas," Balthazar shakes his head as if he's tired of these little games. He looks up at Cas' face and his eyes are piercing. "Castiel. You knew good and well what was going on here."
"Dean," he says firmly, "I mean it. Don't stress yourself out. You're gonna do great."
Barely seconds go by before one, then two messages, pop up in response.
Already Castiel could feel the need to go outside, to get away from this. She was right, of course, and he was mortified to think that he might have been embarassing himself with Dean’s friends by acting like he belonged.
The first person who finds them inside the building is Pamela, for which Castiel feels exceptionally grateful.
"I feel very close to you right now." His voice is so low, it's hard to hear over the rhythmic pounding of his heart. All at once, Castiel's smell invades his nostrils, intoxicating him on the spot, like a shot. He moves his head just a fraction further, "I want to be closer."
His growing family, apparently.
This one was actually pretty quick, hooray!
Dean smiles at him sideways. “It’s good.” The uncertainty in his voice makes Castiel raise an eyebrow at him, and Dean releases another laugh. “You know, it’s different. But at least I get to see Hannah, and Sammy.”
They withdrew from each other. Dean had problems that Castiel couldn’t understand.
His cock pulsed inside the man, and the omega’s face lit up in delight as he handed the phone back to Dean. “Here’s my number,” he smiled, “I already sent myself a text. So you just let me know when we can see each other again.”
Dean hears his own voice before he registers that he's talking.
When they hang up, he promises to call her again soon. She threatens to hold him to that, and Dean slides his phone back into his pocket with a smile on his face. People may be difficult, and the world may change more quickly than he feels prepared for, but Charlie Bradbury will rest the same, and that’s a real source of comfort for Dean in this moment.
Alfie is smiling at him across a wooden tabletop in one of the restaurants in the student union. The big puppy-eyes thing hasn’t gone away, but Cas has gotten used to it. At the very least, it’s flattering.
Dean breathes out, and watches how the moisture covers Cas' cheek.
Dean rolls over onto his side and stares up at the ceiling. He’d kill to get some sleep. Even without the freaking bad dreams, his whole sleep cycle has been fucked ever since they left Lawrence. At first he was blaming it on the time difference, but with all this time passed, he thinks that excuse smells a little like bullshit now.
Dean looks over his shoulder at Castiel who gives a small nod. "Yeah. I think that's for the best."
“Yeah,” he nods instead, scooting over to make room. Dean smiles right then in a way that positively lights up the room, even in the dark. Maybe because it cuts through the sadness on Dean’s face; because his toothy grin is in direct contrast to the tears that shine in his eyes.
Until last week, at least. And Castiel knows how stupid that was; it was a lot of wasted energy and it got him nowhere. And it doesn’t mean that he doesn’t like Alfie, he does, he really does, but…
It reminds him quite a bit of the first night that Dean had crawled into his bed: Dean’s desperation, his own confusing feelings, new hands in unfamiliar places feeling quite right where they landed. The main difference, of course, being that Dean hadn’t slept in his bed that night. Dean had never slept in his bed any night, up until now.
The silence feels good for a few short moments, just focusing on having a task, even a dumb one, to keep his mind focused. Then he hears, a little muffled through the door, Gabe’s abnormally calm voice telling Cas, “Well, sorry to break up the love fest, but I’ve got to talk to you.”
Dean’s grip tightens on Castiel’s arm, and he’s shaken back to his thoughts. Dean’s emerald eyes are looking at him in a certain way. It makes Castiel feel safe and protected. “Are you going to tell me what’s going on here?”
Dean pauses, looking down at his hand for a moment. Suddenly, out of nowhere, he speaks up to say, "I'm not, by the way. Taken. Like, mated or whatever."
He doesn't remember exactly what they were celebrating, but he remembers the sound of Cas' laugh. Dean had been feeling so good about everything. Cas was hovering, let his finger rest against Dean’s arm a couple times. He even looked poised to try and get a dance-off going. Until Luc showed up to bring Cas home.
Dean takes a few steps toward him. Castiel reacts by pressing himself further into the countertop, inching back into his own space.
That made Castiel roll his eyes in Charlie's direction. "Dean labors under the delusion that I require constant companionship."
“Oh, come now," coos Balth, "You can’t make a little time for your favorite boss?”
“Why couldn’t you just tell me?”
It was dark when everything was loaded back in and all the players were back on the bus. Castiel returned to his seat in the back, but this time he didn’t move to extract his book from his bag.
“I trust you, I mean it,” Dean spouted, reaching both arms out to grab his husband, “you’re such an incredible father, you’re so much better than me. I don’t… I just had this thing itching at me and I guess when I saw the slightest inkling that it was true, I just jumped--” Dean cut himself off before he could do anymore damage. Instead, he turned to his husband with his humblest frown and asked, “Am I in the doghouse?”
interrupting anything, but to correct him could give the wrong impression. It's not Dean's business if Castiel is dating, no matter how much that may hurt to hear.
Relief floods through him.
The last words come out with a lack of certainty, though Cas can see that this time, it’s not internal. Dean’s looking over at him, a question sitting on his face. He hasn’t actually asked Cas to be his boyfriend yet.
He hated to show it too often, but he was really starting to feel addicted to Castiel. He itched to be around him all day, every day. Every time Cas left the room it was like the temperature cooled twenty degrees. He hadn’t been this infatuated with someone since that fling with a yoga instructor when he was barely legal.
A few minutes later, Dean arrives and Castiel slides out to allow him to move past. They exchange quick hellos and small smiles. In fact, he does have someone with him, but Castiel actually finds this addition to be a pleasant surprise.
“It’s my room, too, you know,” Cas tells him, a little defensively, “I’m allowed to have people over.”
And anyways, that’s only when he’s in the room. He tries his hardest to be anywhere else if he can, which means he ends up spending a lot of time at the library, and with Alfie.
And that’s pretty much how day one passes. They stop in a motel for the night, and Dean’s more than relieved to hear the words “twin double” come out of Castiel’s mouth, but when he flops down onto the tough, boxy mattress, relief isn’t at all what he feels.
Instantly, Dean’s brows furrow, and his expression oscillates between perplexed and enraged. His fingers wrap around the roof of his car and he begins to bare his teeth in a display of sheer aggression.
He leaned in again, pressing his chest against Dean’s and reaching up to wrap his fingers around a fistful of hair. Dean allowed Cas to take the reins, let himself relax and be present and revel in the moment of his first kiss with another boy.
“Come on,” Dean announced when he was close enough, “we’re getting out of here.”
Yeah, that feels good. Screw Cas. Screw him and his dumb alpha ass, lying and making him feel so stupid. Just when he thought that maybe, really, that his life might turn out okay for like a minute.
Dean chuckled, rejoicing in the feeling of running his fingers through Cas’ hair. “I deserve that.”
“Means what?” the poor head-injured patient asked helplessly from the bed.
“Your… boyfriend.”
"Cas, let's go."
A problem with a co-worker? "Talk to Rufus about it. That's his job- they didn't hire a supervisor for no reason."
"I have to tell you, I'm rather excited to check this place out," Balthazar tells him as they walking out the front door. "They supposedly do some things with kimchi that you just wouldn't believe."
Castiel smiles over his shoulder at her but makes no such promises.
Cas approached slowly, with caution, the whites of his eyes shining in the moonlight. Dean watched it all like watching a movie, only the vaguest awareness that it was all happening to him. The way he leaned his head up was ever so slight, that it made Dean want to stay incredibly still just to make him keep leaning.
“Hey, Cas,” one of them says, a black boy around average height who seems particularly nonthreatening, “Nice to meet you. I’m Vic.”
------
It might just be that he's too tired, or too happy, but Castiel doesn't think he hears nearly as much doubt in Dean's voice as he'd been hearing for the last week. He'll take that as a small win. He hopes that one day, maybe soon, he won't need to reassure Dean quite so much. That the trust they've lost will come back, and things between them will be as easy and carefree as they ever were.
“Yeah," Dean replies, looking light and fresh. Cas imagines he's just come from work. "It is funny. I just popped into a grab a couple of things. You guys shop here a lot?”
He felt fucking awful about it. But he didn’t know what else to do.
And when Sam smiles and makes fun of Dean to Cas, says he doesn’t know what’s got him so busy that he can’t swing by to pick up his own kid, Cas just shrugs and goes along. He pretends that he hasn’t the slightest clue why might be keeping Dean away.
“Yeah, the first time I took you home to meet Sammy and you put two and two together. And then again when you met Jo and Benny, you really enjoyed a good laugh with them at my expense.”
Dean reddens, if only slight. "I can make spaghetti. Probably."
It's only when his eyes drift upwards and he catches sight of a mean-looking shadow from a second floor window that reality hits him again. He lets his laugh slowly peter out and then turns to his mother and brother one last time.
Castiel leans in hesitantly and sniffs again. A shiver goes down his spine and he backs out of Dean’s space as quickly as he can. “Maybe it hasn’t started yet, but I am telling you. It’s coming.”
It hurt him, knowing that this was a kind of goodbye. It hurt even more knowing that Castiel had no idea.
“Does she smell nice?” he asked one time.
Dean shakes his head and looks up into Castiel's eyes. "Sam just called me. My brother. He said that my dad is in the hospital."
“You look so good in this costume I picked out," he says, almost casually, "Hey, you ever think about getting a boyfriend?”
A thick pause follows during which time Cas thinks a similar admission might spring forth from Dean’s lips. But, no such thing happens. Dean only stares at him more gently until Castiel can’t take it anymore.
Hannah is all packed and ready to go, which is both unlike her and unlike Dean, so color Castiel impressed. Dean places a few warm cookies onto a plate and covers it in aluminum foil, and when he reaches out to hand the plate to Castiel, their fingers brush against each other's with just the softest contact.
The smile on Dean’s when he turns around should be enough to tell him, but if not the slur in his words will do the trick: Dean’s buzzed now, edging on his way to drunk. Which, of course, is the point of this whole party. Castiel ought to get himself a drink.
"But hey," Dean says, catching him with one arm, "I'm serious about you coming out to visit."
And because Castiel likes to push his luck, he has to ask “How much?”
Cas stopped just outside the door to the bedroom, and shook his head. He looked defeated. “I feel insulted by the way you’ve been acting.”
Dean's silence must be making Cas a little nervous. After a minute, he ventures cautiously, "Do you want to talk about it?"
But his eyes can't help bouncing back up to the sea of people, even just for a second. Castiel follows his eye line until it falls upon just one person. He has to hold back the smile that threatens to break out over his face, so he bites down on his lip when he turns back to Alfie. He reaches a hand out and lays on Alfie's little skeleton shoulder.
“You’re a man now. You'll be needing some way to get around and cause trouble. And I’m getting too old for all the upkeep she needs. Figure it’s about time I pass the workload off to you.”
“Cas, I--”
She sighed once, in a pitying way. “I hope you see what I mean. I do appreciate you coming with him. It was actually a really cute gesture to make me jealous.  Ridiculous…” she sized him up, from head to toe, “but cute.”
The young boy can't help but to bat his eyelashes at the reference to their earlier meeting.
. Certainly.
car before.”
He wants to be with Dean, but he doesn't see any reason that means he has to make it easy for him.
When he sees the texts from Balthazar, he suppresses a groan. Well, not very well. He half-suppresses it, and half lets it come out as a strange squeak. It makes Dean look over at him with concerned eyes. "Something up?" he asks, looking between Castiel and the TV screen.
“You are, without a doubt, the most difficult person I have ever met.”
“Alright, pretty boy,
Dean hummed. It was weird, having this conversation over again.
Blue eyes fluttered open wide and fell onto Dean's face. They were more clouded than normal, Dean noticed. Maybe a side effect of the pain killers. He imagined Cas would have to be doped up something good to be sleeping so peacefully.
Yet again, he oversimplifies.
Benny smiles wide at him, and it makes Castiel feel good. He'd never thought it possible to be accepted so easily at Dean's table.
When Cas speaks again, Dean jumps in surprise. He'd been deep in his thoughts about the ocean, apparently. He pulls a face at himself. Then he processes what Castiel said, in his detached, matt-of-fact way that he says things.
Castiel sits up then and brings himself to the edge of his mattress. He smooths a hand over his wild bedhead-- does it look as ridiculous as he feels? He puffs a quick breath of air into his palm and sniffs; not bad, but he should have given his own teeth a brush before he said anything to Dean…
Castiel took a long moment to reflect on that. And then, at last, he turned to Dean and murmured, “I suppose we haven’t.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And then a rogue thought creeps in and the terrible anxiety climbs up his throat and makes Dean want to bash his head against the fucking wall.
Castiel hemmed awkwardly, biting on his lower lip. He did want Dean to kiss him-- he very, very, very much wanted that-- but not if it was only because he felt he had to, or if he was going to go off with Cassie regardless at the end of the night.
Every day it got harder and harder to be away from Dean. His life was ticking by totally normal, except with the gaping Dean-sized hole that nothing else could fill. He was forced to go through big days- Christmas, prom, graduation, birthdays- having Dean by his side for none of them.
It's those kind of looks that make him want to stay and listen.
"Hey," he greeted, a little awkwardly, when he'd shuffled close enough to be heard. Castiel raised his head. He looked pained. The weariness in his eyes made Dean internally wince, and he instantly wanted to rush forward and wrap his arms about Castiel, to brush his fingers through the tousled black hair and let him know what whatever it was, this problem, that Dean would help him as much as he could.
"Nope. No team for me." He spares her the lecture on how that part of his life is definitively over now.
If a touch from Dean makes him glow, then a kiss practically lights Cas on fire. He’s always known this, nothing new, but there’s something about this kiss in particular that seems almost transformative.
When Dean first saw that Cas was hurt, he was concerned.
But it's not as if he can say any of this to Balthazar. So instead he just switches his phone into silent mode and slides it underneath a pillow where he can forget about it until the morning.
For long, excruciating periods.
And yet… he just wanted to see her. He didn’t know why. He just, he had to.
Dean wished that it could be. He wished that Cas’ true mate had been someone other than him, someone who could swoop in and claim him right away, and he wouldn’t have to waste a seconds’ tears on a piece of shit like Dean.
He wonders how long Cas tried to play at it. Tried to be the good son, tried to be the Alpha he knew his dad would want him to be. He might have struggled for months or years.
Beside him, Dean’s even breaths turned into tiny little snores. Castiel releases a loud punch of air into the room.
Dean looks down to Hannah and shrugs. “Alright. I won’t tell you.”
She takes his hands and they march together toward the dining room. When they reach the threshold, Castiel has to stop himself from sucking in a harsh breath of air.
He liked the way Cas looked back at him then. Dean could tell he thought it was foolish, the idea that he could contribute to the loss or victory of the game. But he could also tell that he liked it. However small and silly it was.
Dean then chooses to make it his mission for the evening to go on flattering Cas, whether it's with his voice or with his hands, and they end up a mess of giggles and kisses on the couch, and Cas wonders how there could be any room for doubt in his mind as far as Dean is concerned.
They take their breakfast sitting next to each other at the kitchen island. They pick at their pancakes silently, reserved to their own spaces. There are no secret smiles or furtive touches under the table. It's just like any other breakfast on any other morning, just... different.
Watching this, Castiel feels like everything is going to be fine. He’s glad that Dean decided to move back home again, glad that Hannah gets to see both of hers dads now. And he knows that Dean loves her ever ounce as much as he does himself.
“We’ll catch up after the show,” Gabriel responds in the worst whisper ever attempted. He darts a hand between himself and Sam, who responds with a thumbs up so enthusiastic Castiel is sure it's meant to be sarcastic.
Another thirty seconds goes by without a word from either of them before Sam clears his throat and says quietly, "Where are you? Are you safe?"
Cas chooses this moment to make his presence known. He strides into the room and grins wide at his guests, eager to play the role of the perfect host. “Can I get you guys something to drink? Beer, wine, tea?”
Cas bristles at the idea of Gabriel teaching his daughter how to play poker, but keeps his thoughts to himself. No use poking the bear. Instead, he takes a sip of his own beverage. “She is with Dean today.”
“And you look really nice today, too.”
Dean had thought that parenting would be about a thousand times easier the second time around, what with their being two of them and all. He felt astounded by how wrong he was. Absolutely flabbergasted.
And when she recites her one line, loud and proud, and she opts to change
But Castiel still looked uneasy. “I… this is all very disarming. How could I not remember something like that? How... do I know you’re not lying to me?”
Cas was looking over at him under heavy lids, blinking for long moments between flashing his sparking eyes Dean's way. He was probably sleepy from the medicine, but Dean could swear that was the very face Cas was making at him just before... well right before he hit his head.
Cas thinks on it for a moment and then raises a finger in protest, “Actually, Dean, Eliot Ness and Al Capone weren’t…”
“You know, I always founds you very attractive.”
Castiel wishes he could say the same about himself.
He can't see the look in Cas' eyes as he faces away, but from the glint in the stranger's eye, he's not sure he has to.
“It’s not just a turkey! It’s also
His curiosity doesn't need to last for long, though. "I'm Castiel's sister."
He casts one last look backward over his shoulder, just enough to catch Dean as a fuzzy shape in his peripheral. “No, Dean. I just wanted you to get dinner with me, and not be ashamed.”
For a second, Castiel tries to imagine Dean and Balthazar even in the same room together. Even just the thought makes him laugh. Dean wouldn't be able to stand Balth for more than two minutes, and Balthazar would probably stare down his nose at Dean the whole time. Yes, Castiel will never make the mistake of inviting those two to the same party.
“I’ll tell you later,” Dean vowed, though the amusing prospect of Castiel’s reaction had diminished somewhat now. “You put on some clothes, and I’ll go grab Baby.”
Would they? Dean wondered. It seemed impossible to even consider. It hadn’t been on his mind when he’d signed the papers agreeing to take on the responsibility or Ruby’s care, but… it certainly seemed like he had also signed away any kind of claim he had to a social life. There was definitely no way you could date when you had a new baby. Especially when you were the only one taking care of it. Her.
Dean didn’t ever want to talk about Lisa to Castiel, but sometimes the omega would ask questions anyway.
Every day when he came home, Dean would get down on his knees and talk to Cas’ tummy. He told Cas that he got more beautiful every day, always offered to run out and buy any little thing he wanted or needed.
Alfie brings his eyes back to Cas and swallows. “Um, no," he murmurs, "I just came by myself.”
“I’m closing the door now.” And he does, even though she’s still blabbering away on the other side. She yells at him through the thick wooden frame to feel better soon, promises to send ample photographic evidence of the night’s festivities.
Cas' lips tug up in a way like he's trying to fight it, like he doesn't want Dean to know that hearing that is the highlight of his goddamn day. And it's not the kind of direct compliment Dean is prone to giving. But whatever. Maybe it's another heat symptom. Maybe Dean turns nice.
“Castiel,” Dean says in a voice that sounds the way Anna’s velvet dresses feel between his fingers, “it’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
So? Everything okay?
He wasn't sure what he expected from Dean. In any case, Dean pulled over the car and coaxed Castiel into his arms, gently petting his hair and showering him with kisses. He shushed Castiel's cries and held him tight. He stayed strong while Castiel was falling apart, and for that Castiel felt another upheaval of guilt inside him. He tried to apologize, for which Dean argued with him, but Castiel pushed the point. He said that there was no reason for him to burden Dean with all this, especially when there was nothing that they could do to resolve it.
Maybe he shouldn’t have been so nervous at the sounds of his son crying. It was normal, after all; he was only three days out the womb. Dean imagined if someone had taken him from the comfort of a nice, temperature controlled shell and dumped him in the harsh reality of the world, he’d be a little pissed too.
"I-I didn't..." Cas runs a hand through his already crazy hair. He's frazzled. Moreso than Dean has ever seen him. Not that he's going to give a shit either way, because honestly, Cas can go screw himself right now.
and probably means,
“What do you want me to say?” He breathes the words with a certain frustration. “My boss made a pass at me.”
“I’ve got to go now,” he says apologetically, reaching for his coat. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Dean’s eyes run over the two of them. “Didn’t know you were coming here. Don’t you hate house parties?”
Doesn’t matter. What’s going on with you?”
Oh, how badly Castiel wants to kiss his fiancé. But, for Dean, he can be patient. Difficult as it may be. For Dean, he could be anything.
If there’s one thing that’s been made clear today, it’s in no way does he deserve the amount of love that Dean is ready to give him.
The second the word leaves his lips he hates that he’s said it. But… it feels so right. He’s not sure there’s any other way to describe the way he felt when he was in bed with Dean, kissing him and smelling him and getting to do all the other things he’d never even let himself dream about before.
The words she spoke echoed in his hears.
“Mmhmm,” she answer, jerking up her overnight bag and trying to throw it over her shoulder. It’s a little too heavy, and she wobbles. But she’s smiling so wide that it pokes into her little, fat cheeks, and Castiel loves to see it so much that he has to lean down and give her a kiss right then.
Dean retracts his body, not wanting to touch Castiel or be touched by him. It feels like being stung, that rejection. Oh god, it really feels bad. Fuck, what an idiot he is.
“Oh, I--” Cas starts to explain himself, flustered. Dean feels his eyes goes wide and blink several times. He doesn’t react more than that. There are no words in his brain.
“Yeah?”
Instead of a firm, smacking hand, there are five light-as-feather fingers curling around the back of his neck. Dean attempts not to start purring at the touch.
at the same time. "Hey, you," he says so cheerfully, and it's heart-breaking how earnest even that small greeting sounds from him. He's so happy to see Dean. It makes all the warmth in Dean's body turn into something not quite the same. He wants to kiss him so badly.
The second he steps into the room, Dean is on his feet. “Jesus Christ, man. Where have you been?”
He feels a frustration that there are no other words that come to mind. A thick ball of emotion clogs his throat, no matter how hard he tries to push it away. He might scream and he might cry and he definitely doesn't want to talk to anybody for at least two days.
Cas stands to the side and let them interact as they would, enjoying the sight from afar. Every time he sees Sam or Dean doting on Hannah, it just reminds him how lucky she is, how lucky
circles.
It occurs to Dean that this whole thing is sort of like a bastardized version of a buddy movie. Road trips are the kind of thing people do when they know each other really well, he thinks. So they can rock out to the songs that bring them back and spend hours laughter about times they embarrassed each other. He and Castiel don't have the kind of history- or anything like it at present- so that accounts for a lot of the long expanses without either of them speaking, Dean thinks.
He took a moment to run his hands over the sleek leather of her interior. All the parts he'd known intimately, his entire life, taking on a new face somehow.
He wishes he could talk to Sammy about this. That little nerd would know all about this stuff, no doubt. Or if he didn’t already, then he’d go find some book to stick his nose in until he could give Dean a report about all of his symptoms and exactly what was causing them.
Dean frowns and feels like a dumbass for the second time in a five-minute span.
Cas’ shoulders slump dismally. “Yeah. I mean, I don’t know how they could not be.”
Castiel laughs because he doesn’t know what else to do. He scans the rest of the restaurant again, but still he doesn’t come across the face he wants to see.
He whips around, eyebrows furrowed in the deepest possible way they could be. "Hannah?" he asks, confused, and then feeling a sudden panic when he looks up to see his daughter behind him on the porch, with Dean standing beside her. Which, of course he would be, she didn't come over here alone. But he's sporting a look on his face that seems like there could be steam coming out his ears, and his eyes are darting between Castiel and Balthazar.
“You’re not helping now.”
and Cas doesn't hesitate. He wraps his hands around Dean and starts pumping, fast, like he's racing towards something and Dean doesn't know what it is but
“I guess you’re probably ready to move on. Find your own place, I mean.”
Right in the middle of the pregnancy. It was Castiel's worse nightmare come to life. Dean being halfway across the world while Cas was sat at home with nothing to do but think and worry. Nights he stayed up late at his computer, his eyes gone dry from staring at the screen, torturing himself reading up on horror stories of the things that went on during war. Weeks went by between phone calls, letters almost never came. Cas was growing bigger and bigger, and so was the feeling of dread that he carried around with him, thinking only ever of Dean.
Jo stares at him with a pleased smirk on her face. Behind her, Dean can see that Cas (like most of the people in their immediate area) is now staring up at him. The alpha's eyes are wide and Dean has to look away for his own good.
His feet stop without permission outside Cas’ door, and then he purposefully starts to linger there, considering. Cas is always offering,
He recognizes this man.
He catches sight of the deep emerald of the paint on the door and his stomach lurches twice. His body, both brain and heart, floods with memories of this house and this porch and this yard. It feels a lifetime away.
"Dean. I have to tell you something," Sam blurts out instead of responding, like he only has thirty seconds to speak before the phone explodes. "It's about dad."
From the minute they took their seats, there was a bad feeling building in Dean's gut. Cas asked if there was anything he could do to help, but short of knocking him out with a swift blow to the head, Dean couldn't think of anything.
Cas is peering across the counter at him skeptically, and Dean takes a step backward. “What is your plan, exactly?" he asks, but without sounding demanding, "You take a bus, by yourself, to a place where you don’t know anyone, with no place to stay, no money to your name, no job opportunities and no high school diploma?”
Dean laughs, in that big loud way where Cas feels like he has to laugh, too. It always makes him feel full inside, like the sound of his laughter fills up the empty spaces in Castiel.
When the door closes behind him, and he’s marching down the hallway, the heaviness that closes in on his heart feels so weighty that it’s difficult to move. He really does hope all those things for Alfie, and he hopes that he finds that person soon. Alfie is such an amazing person, so capable of selfless love.
Sam rounded the corner with the carseat in hand and a signature sourpuss look on his face. “Seriously, Dean. Language.”
"Are you sure?" he presses cautiously. One step closer towards Dean. "Even after...?"
Gabe wants Cas to forget about Dean? Like... in general? Kick him out of the house, stop letting Dean use him whenever he wants someone to cook for him or listen to him complain?
Bobby gritted his teeth and grunted, “I got half a mind to tell your father about this.”
At the end of the night, it's all hugs and best wishes and see-you-next-years. Everyone has had a little too much sake, not least of all Dean, who feels warm and good and a little reckless. Chuck gives him the keys and a wink and tells him to lock up before he goes.
The uninvited guest leans her head to the side, but it doesn't make Dean feel warm like when Cas does it. Now it makes him feel stupid and small. Childish.
For a moment, life seems to spring back into Dean. He stands to his feet and points a finger at Castiel, strongly declaring, “That’s not fair, Cas. I didn’t choose this.”
look. Castiel has to laugh. “Yeah, that makes sense,” he surmises with a lopsided grin. Gabe can be a lot to handle, and for some reason he’d always taken a shine to the younger Winchester brother. Cas hadn’t the slightest clue why, but he can’t blame Sam for wanting to keep their interaction to a minimum.
It’s gotten dark inside his head, so Cas retreats back inside his blanket fort to fog his inner monologue with more television. When’s he focused on the screen, he can drown out his own thoughts. It’s twenty-three minutes of peace from himself.
Cas holds back a sigh. “Considering how seriously she took it, I can’t imagine there’s any way she’ll forget her line.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. I... guess I was.” Castiel is both mortified and very confused. He excuses himself, and Lisa thanks him once more for returning her treasured item, and then he wanders off once more toward the exit.
But in any case, Cas has moved on, given up on the whole idea. He is not going to waste another minute pining after Dean Winchester-- not when it’s so very clear how one-sided those feelings are. From now on, they are nothing more then roommates. Plain and simple.
But when he slides his key into the door and swings it open, the first thing he sees in Dean lounging on his bed, fiddling around with his laptop.
Dean closes his eyes. He can't bear to look at Jo. He hears her sniffing, the excited squeak of her chair as she turns all around.
“You’re in heat.”
"Good morning," a clearer voice whispers in his ear. Clear, yet hesitant. His hands belie a confidence that doesn't seem to reach his lips.
Dean gives Hannah a kiss and he and Cas exchange a quick "see you Friday", and then Cas races out the door and down the hall, glad for every new inch of space between him and his ex.
“You mean you openly told Alistair to fuck off at a party in my defense just because you generally like
Without speaking, Dean crossed the room, unsure where to focus his eyes as he did. He approached Castiel and, carefully, passed the baby over into his arms. Cas took her deftly, as if it was a move he’d done a hundred times before. He looked so natural, so comfortable with her in his arms. It was everything Dean didn’t feel when he held her in his arms.
But, now that he had Ruby, things had changed. He decided to make the effort to be honest with Cas. For Cas. “I… there was so much going on. First I got the call and it was this whole thing. And then there was all the stuff you have to buy and all this shit you have to learn, and there’s so much I don’t know how to do-- and I’m trying to do it all on one hour of sleep just she gets up every 45 minutes in the night, and I don’t even know how to build a fucking crib, and I don’t think I know how to make formula the right way. I suck at this, I suck at being a father. And I’m doing it all myself and I just…”
It’s not closing time yet, but Dean will be there when it is. This place has become his preferred place to spend his time when after school when he’s trying to avoid going home.
Cas breaks away with a small sigh and looks into Dean's eyes. His thumb strokes delicately over Dean's cheek. "I missed doing that."
And let’s not even begin to talk about what kind of husband he was.
Alfie nods and turns the key in the lock, pushing the door open. The two of them nearly fall over the threshold, but Alfie holds them steady.
When Dean was rested enough and he had a spare minute to himself to collect his thoughts, he missed the shit out of Cas. He missed the way his body felt when his hands glided over it, missed the little sharp breaths he’d take Dean nibbled on his ear. And he missed talking to him, missed listening to him. Castiel was sharp as a tack, and he had this sense of humor that Dean just found so charming.
He just wants to make it very clear that no one will ever,
It was just left hanging there, festering, so that when Castiel did finally see her at Christmas, things were stilted. He didn’t want that. There were enough complications present in his life without a sibling dispute. Not to mention that if he and Anna weren't on speaking terms, then he was left with just Gabriel, and.... well, it was just better for everyone if they made up.
Sam would have pestered him all day and gone poking around at his new gifts. And his dad would have slapped him on the shoulder, told him he was turning into a man right before his eyes.
"Mom, I can't." Dean tries to swallow a ball that's stuck in his throat.
“Oh, really? You two are the head honchos?”
With the two of them left alone, Castiel takes the opportunity to try and strike up conversation.
His voice was soft as cotton when he spoked to her. He hoped it would provide her with an extra comfort. That maybe, someday, that would be the only thing it took to calm her down.
But before he can let himself get too attached to the idea, his phone goes off in his pocket. He pulls it out and sees the notification for an incoming Face Time call from Dean- which intrigues him, as it isn’t their normal method of communication.
Cas just nods mutely, but he can’t help noticing the look on Pam’s face when Balthazar talks. It’s almost like a sneer, like she’s caught a bad smell or something. She keeps her eyes firmly fixed in a forward glance, but lets them tick down once to Castiel in a gesture he can't quite read.
Dean hedges. "It's... a long story."
“So, what’s up with this Alfie? You guys hook up or something?”
“Yes. A nine-month-old baby girl.” Dean did some mental math in his head, and it checked out. Inside, his brain felt like a melting hard drive, but he didn’t really have the luxury to allow that. “Now, listen. You’re gonna need to come down to our offices in Topeka as soon as possible.”
Hannah relents without a fight. “Goonight, Daddy!” she yells at him.
"Oh," he moans helplessly. "Fuck.
But he did have to be honest. He couldn’t… he just couldn’t go on keeping all of that inside him.
On Sunday, they unpack Castiel’s things.
Okay, he can definitely make sandwiches. That's for sure.
"No," Sam exhales, sounding relieved, "No, the doctors say he should be all right. He's in the hospital for a few days, though."
“Just need you,” the omega panted. “Need your knot. Been dreaming of it all day, Alpha.”
Dean gives him a perfunctory nod. “See ya Sunday.”
Dean winces a bit at the endearment. He has no plans to let his family know who Cas is in his life. What he will say instead, he's not exactly sure. But the last thing he needs is for his dad to have some satisfied grin at the thought of Dean all settled down with a good alpha... He cringes at the image.
“I don’t know…”
Weird name, but. “Okay, Missouri, well I’m sorry to tell you this, but you have got the wrong guy.”
Dean is probably really busy. He’s working, after all. He's on a
“Cas,” he said, trying not to sound overly affectionate. “Hey, I’m actually not gonna be able to hang out tonight.”
“I doubt that it matters.” He can't look at Dean down. If he looked into his eyes, he's afraid of what he'll find there. Maybe lies. Or maybe something true, that will hurt him much deeper. “It’s not as if I supposed you were a virgin, it’s just that…”
“We’ll have a bottle of chablis, chilled,” he says as soon as they’re seated at the cozy table for two, “a ’92, if you have it.”
Gabe smiles a wide, toothy grin at his little brother as he steps inside, pizza box still in hand. “Don’t mind if I do.” And then, as he marches confidently down the hall, he sings out in a deep baritone, “Somebody mimosa me, stat!”
“He’s so tiny,” Dean whispered, soft enough to barely move the air around him, “I’m afraid I’m gonna break him.”
Dean took it all very seriously, listening with a straight face and muttering a remorseful apology every few minutes, even though he could tell Bobby was more scared than he was angry. When he was sent up to his room, leaving his uncle fuming behind him, Dean couldn’t help feeing a little pleased at another normal teenage experience: the talking-to.
Manhattan, Kansas, that is. Which is where KSU was located.
"So... where is he?"
“He’s not my... We’re not married,” Dean tells Gabe in a sigh. He starts to bite his lip, but stops himself. “I don’t know what you want from me.”
What he’d neglected to think of was the fact that all those months he’d missed out on in the beginning- those months when Ruby had been in the care of her mother and he’d been blissfully unaware of her existence- those months were filled with
He sinks down and takes Dean fully into his mouth, every inch. Dean starts go wild then, thrusting with abandon up into Cas' eager mouth. When Dean’s strong hands rake through his hair, he lets out a loud sound of pleasure around the cock in his mouth. When Dean wraps his fingers around a fistful and gives a light tug, Cas almost comes on the spot.
If nothing else, maybe one day he'll get rich writing poems about the beautiful boy who used him for his body and left him with a broken heart.
“Hi, Daddy!” a voice calls loudly while he’s still walking down the hall. He looks up, but before his eyes can focus a blurry blonde vision is rushing down the hall and jumping into his arms.
“I just have a dinner.”
She laughed at the end, a little bit, like she didn’t want to come off as too harsh.
The humor was contagious, and Dean found himself suppressing a laugh as he wiped a hand over his face. “I don’t even want to show you. Its a hunk of crap sitting in a pile in my spare bedroom. She sleeps in that basket.” He lets out a shaky laugh. “Oh, god. I’m such a bad fucking dad.”
In any case, the meetings slides by without much cause for worry from Cas. He pitches his idea for a new article about changes in the local education system, and receives no outright negativity from Zach. His fellow contributors react with mostly bored indifference.
“You could take care of it now, never even breath a word to him. He doesn’t have to know one way or the other.”
Cas isn't incredibly eager to discuss his dating life with his ex, but he's glad to see the way that Dean relaxes at this new information. Surely, he isn't too keen on the topic either. Friends can discuss love lives, but maybe not just yet. Castiel makes a point not to think about what Anna had said to him in the kitchen after Thanksgiving dinner. Not the time.
. Cas smiles when Dean tells him yes, and declares himself something called a "sue chef".
Dean guesses that it's part of the reason that he avoids talking about it with anyone. Jo, Ash, Benny. Whenever they press him about the woodsy, masculine scent about him, he shuts it down without second thought.
he in heat? Is this what happens to him? This is the great wonder of human nature that he could expect four times a year from now until he got too wrinkled and old to even get turned on anymore?
"No, that's not--" Dean leaned back against the wall. “I’m just saying it’s different this time, and I know that.”
For the past few months, ever since they’d let her in on their plan, Ruby had become very attached to the idea of a big sister. She’d started asking a lot of questions about the kinds of things Big Sisters do. Every piece of clothing she walked by with the word Sister written on it, she had to have. (And, of course both Dean and Cas found that way too cute to say no to.)
If felt, right then, sort of like Dean knew for sure that even if they had to do everything over again, Castiel would still pick him. And that made him feel really fucking great.
You can say whatever you like about Castiel (please don’t) but if there’s one thing he knows how to do, it’s throw a dinner party. And you’d better bet that he passed that trait onto his daughter around the same time she’d learned to walk.
Cas shrugs. “It’s not my first run-in with Alistair. He’s an idiot and a bully. I try not to let it get to me.”
Cas’ hand quickly goes to clamp Dean's mouth shut.
Cas nodded in the affirmative, and beside him, Charlie did the same. Dean was pleased by that, pleased at the idea of the seat beside Castiel being filled by someone other than his book bag.
“Yes, you do. I’m going to remind you of that periodically.”
Actually, now that Castiel is thinking about it, that’s probably for the best. Maybe his performance was just subtle enough that Dean wouldn’t even think it was weird. Of course, he was never going to… what? Be jealous? Of Alfie?
“Mom,” he muttered where his mouth was muffled by her sweater. It’s a little embarrassing, but in reality Dean actually kind of like the attention. He knows that one big part of getting older is that he won’t have many more years where his parents fawn over him, treat him like their little boy. And after the scare with his dad last year, Dean tried to remind himself to be grateful for every day he had with his parents. Every hug, every hair ruffle, eveyr argument.
But there is one more question that’s weighing on his mind. Not that it matters, but… he’s interested.
Dean is perched up on his forearm, and the way he's peering down over Cas is just threatening enough that is makes a ball of dangerous arousal sit low in Cas' belly. He ignores it so that he can continue his point; plenty of time for that later on.
He ran to his car and hopped in. Definitely drove too fast on his way across town and very nearly got into two different collisions, but he made it. He made it, and the minute he opened the door to Castiel’s apartment and the sweet scent of
“Well, the thing is…" Cas starts, already feeling as if this is some kind of grand confession. "I guess I don’t know. I don’t have a clue, really. When it happened, that night, I just kind of... let it? Or maybe I initiated. I don't know."
Maybe some day Dean will be ready for that conversation. But right now he isn't. Everything is too fresh.
“I missed you, daddy,” Hannah says in a heartbreakingly adorable voice.
This is the first reference Jo has so much as even hinted at of Dean's presentation, or of there being anyone in his life in the way that Cas is. He's shocked to hear the words come out of her mouth. But, truthfully, he shouldn't be quite so dumbfounded. Even he knows that he's pretty much the easiest person in the world to read, especially to his friends.
Castiel pulls the blanket up to his chest to comfort his himself. There’s one question he’s dying to ask, but... he’s scared. For a few long seconds, his bites down on his lower lip, wondering whether or not to do it.
Dean disliked being made part of some random statistic. But he knew that was how Cas' brain worked, he needed numbers and knowledge to make him feel comfortable. He didn't like going into anything blind. Uncertainty made him nervous.
“Well, Dean, if there’s anything you want to know, ask away. I’m an open book."
Oh, but that’s not a good idea. This is exactly the kind of sad, shameful behavior he had been trying to avoid this evening.
It’s Charlie, he realizes and sighs internally. For a moment, he’d been afraid it would be one of Dean’s friends from the team, and the thought of seeing one of them had his heart jumping up into his throat. He knows what they say about him, what they think of him.
Looking forward to hearing what you all think.
Dean. Granted, that didn’t stop him from falling dangerously in love with him, but still. Even he can admit how ridiculous that was.
“Babe? Are you okay? Did I… I hurt you?”
Dean hesitates, his gaze floating in the general area where Castiel stands. Sam looks to his brother, but doesn’t bother to pause. “I’ll take a beer, Cas. Thanks.”
Castiel groans internally at the thought of ordering delivery for one. Yet another cliché- God, this is so awful. But he doesn’t want the delivery person to give him that pitying look, asking shrewd with his eyes him why Cas is all alone on a Friday night, half drunk and ordering too many noodles.
Castiel has never been this red in his entire life.
Nothing has ever felt this good in Cas’ whole damn life, of that he is very, very sure. God, he can barely stand it, just a bit more friction and he’s going to…
Another shiver. Dean exhaled shakily, but plastered on a cocky smile. “Kinky. I love it already.”
Castiel gladly accepts.
"Oh my," he twirls his fat little fingers dramatically, "A coffee date. Two young lovers, venturing out on the town in hopes of romance-
“And, boys?” The good doctor added in a conspiratorial tone as he packed away his things. “Let’s be a little more careful when we’re, erm, performing the more strenuous activities, hm?” and then he left them with a wink and a tip of the head.
He walks over to the drawer where she’d put the things and opens it, moving them from it into their proper place. “If there were any strange looks- which I don’t believe there were- it’s probably just residual awkwardness. I mean, we’ve barely seen each other at all since… everything. He probably just doesn’t know how to act.”
Dean is looking at him so softly. “Can you take a breath for me, babe?”
Dean might not be smart, but he knows a few things. Like, for example, the fact that ditching school and your family and uprooting your entire existence to move across the country with some dude you don’t know and his half-wit brother is most likely something professionals would deem ‘stressful’. Stress probably equals nightmares.
Dean gives a jutting of his hips and if to say
“I just feel so uncontrollably happy when I’m with Dean. I wish that it were easier, all of it. I wish he could be as confident in our relationship as Alfie was. I wish that he gave me the puppy eyes.” He shakes his head and exhales. “I wish there was some way to pick the best things about each of them.”
Dean or hug him.
"Just... making friends."
"Dean, did you actually read the book?"
I know a lot of you have been here with me since the beginning so PLEASE let me know how you feel about how things turn out, and don't hold back! I want to know. Thanks again for all your support, it means more than you know. xoxox
"Like the fact that I shouldn't be an omega and I shouldn't want an alpha and I shouldn't be gay and that I'm just a fucking kid," he whispers after a moment with his eyes trained on the floor.
