Cas cocks his head to the side. He'd been hoping to start a conversation, not get a curt, barely passable answer. "I'm from nowhere," Cas admits. "I like learning about the English language and reading, and I have no friends because I'm exceptionally awkward and, as I've mentioned, most everyone finds me odd and other. I'm used to it. I have about one thousand siblings and no mother, and my family is garbage, with the exception of my older brother Gabriel."
"Thank you," Sam says with a nod, grabbing a menu and trying to decide what to order. Gabe smiles as he looks over at Sam. Awed by how easily he has diffused his brother and defended his choices.
"Hmmmm," Dean replies, deciding that although they definitely have to talk about this later, later is not now.
"Yeah," Dean says, unsure where this is going. Cas did just say he is his favorite person in the world, but Dean clearly messed something up that morning, so Dean has no idea where they stand.
They carry their bags out to the Impala and load her up, and as Cas settles into the front seat, Dean looks at him. “Thanks for lettin’ me come,” he mumbles. Cas smiles.
"Mechanical engineering," Dean says, pushing the box into the corner as he claps his hands together and spinning around to face Cas, "do you have any plans for tonight?" he asks because he's planning to go out and meet some new people. He wonders whether he and Cas will become good friends, he hopes so. He can already tell that Cas is the kind of person he could spend hours with, without getting tired.
Dean huffs a released breath out, trying to concentrate on the movie, even as he feels himself slipping into sleep, the comforting weight of Cas' head against his shoulder and the sounds of the movie willing him away.
"Okay," Cas replies, falling into an awkward silence. He briefly wonders why this is so hard to say before concluding that it's because everything is hard for him to say.
“Thank you,” Cas whispers, taking Dean’s hands in both of his mitten-covered own. “You’re going to save me a lot of misery.”
appear on his wrist as his sleeve rides up. He yanks it down. He doesn't need to deal with that right now. "You guys leaving?" Sam asks them as they head toward the door.
"Yeah," Dean repeats blankly, climbing out of the car slowly and just standing next to it, not moving any closer to the house.
"No," Cas says instantly. "I want to hear about 'wild things you've done that rank above not dying from appendicitis'."
to do my job or he might go crazy and if he goes crazy, I'm as good as dead. Take care of him." He handed Cas back his phone.
"You haven't met my siblings," Cas told him darkly. "They are the living, breathing embodiment of horrible."
Sam breathes a sigh of relief. "Thank god he's somehow miraculously decided to hop off my dick. Does your brother have magical powers, because that was way too easy."
Dean grimaces slightly, "yeah and can I please never do that again, that was not fun." He thinks for a moment, trying to figure out what he wants to do. There is one obvious thing which stands out to him, he's just not sure if it's a good idea. Cas is his soulmate, but that just complicates the problems Dean was already having before he found out.
"Why wasn't high school a great time for me?" Dean clarifies, confusion filling his tone. He just isn't used to anyone other than family caring about his problems, and Cas is definitely not family.
Cas gets Dean's off and pulls back to remove his own, then pauses. "Dean," he whispers. "You have- you have tats."
"That's true," Dean laughs, "should we head back to our room and we can figure stuff out from there?"
Cas slides in next to him and watches as Dean bites his lip and closes his eyes. His expression is blissful. He's gorgeous. Fuck, Cas is so far gone.
Dean gasps in mock surprise, "the rudeness, the lack of etiquette, the sheer disrespect," he grins evilly before reaching out and pushing Cas lightly, just strong enough to make him stumble. He ignores the pins and needles like feeling that just touching Cas creates; there isn't any point into looking into things which are just his desperate, touch starved brain tricking itself.
"Cas," Dean mutters quietly, breaking the silence. He has given up on trying to get back to sleep - or hoping the ground would swallow him up - and all he can do now is hope that Cas will let him down gently.
"Oh what?" Dean asks, slightly harsher than intended. He is slightly pissed about Cas finding out about his 'secret' pain. He is Dean Winchester, he's supposed to conceal all this crap and not burden other people with his problems. Oh, and the fact that fucking hurt and all Cas had to say was 'oh'.
"Yep," Dean agreed. "And for fuck's sake, you can't just sleep with older guys- how much older than you is he? Do you even know? What's he majoring in? How many siblings does he have?"
Dean smiles back, accidently getting lost in Cas' eyes. Suddenly remembering where he is, he shakes himself out of wherever his mind went - maybe la la land? - and tries to remember what they were talking about, "Yeah, you're pretty likeable," he agrees, "I can't imagine anyone not getting along with you."
Dean laughs, the childlike teasing releasing part of the burden he barely even notices he is carrying any more. "What book are you even reading?" he asks turning back to Cas, "it must be a good one seeing as you've decided it's better company than people for tonight."
"Nothing, just here to make some new friends," Dean says with a grin before pausing, "wait, what are you even doing at a college party?"
"Yeah ok," Dean says, clicking on the first movie which he sees which doesn't look bad, not even bothering to check the title.
"Ok great," Dean says with a smile which is slightly forced. He isn't quite sure how he is going to survive Cas wearing those jeans at all times, but he guesses he will have to. "You want to change back, grab a sweater and get out of this hell hole?" he asks.
He sighs, rolls his suitcase into the room, and starts to unpack on his side. He has yet to see or hear of his roommate.
"It's fine," Dean says with a grin, "You might not believe this," he lowers his voice into a conspiring whisper, "but when I was little, I didn't do people either. And then I learned." He decided to leave out the part where he learned because it was the only way he could keep Sammy happy and safe.
Cas sighed. "Fine, give me five minutes and I'll put my suit on. And if it really bothers you that much, I won't wear my coat, either."
Sam smirks at him. "That is what I was getting at." He kisses Gabriel's lips this time. "I want to."
Cas sighs quietly, looking down. "I'm here for you to talk to," he reminds his friend. "Or yell at. Whatever you need. But Sam's wrong. You're not selfish. And he didn't even really mean it, he's just..."
The day crawls by. Dean spends every single lesson wishing he was back at Cas' side, curled up watching a movie together.
Dean tries to watch the movie - he really does - but Cas' hand is warm on his waist and his hair soft against his neck. He can feel himself drifting closer to sleep with each exhale, but he doesn't stop himself. He is safe with Cas, he knows that.
"Everything ok?" Dean asks, already picking up his pajamas and shower things, "you just going to stand there all night?"
Cas nods. He shouldn't have expected anything else. It was fine. They didn't have to talk about it, and they could still be friends.
Dean nods, letting out a relieved sigh as soon as they manage to get Dean seated in Gabe's car, "do you have any water in here?" he asks.
Cas can't quite make eye contact with Dean as they make their way into the restaurant. (If an In 'N' Out can be called a restaurant)
"I'm sorry I made a mistake," Cas tells him. "That's all this was, right? A mistake? It isn't fair, and I'll- go, now."
Dean walks as quickly as he can back to his baby, desperate to be back with Cas and hating that he feels this way. How is it possible that falling in love with - and finding out you're soulmates with - your friend could change so much.
Dean blinks, trying to focus on something other than the way the skinny jeans hug Cas' ass and thighs. Now is not the time. "Do they fit?" he asks, wincing at how rough his voice sounds.
"Well we should look around, get to know the area, find the best food places and stuff. And we need to get you some casual clothes."
Cas rolls his eyes. “Dean, have you met me? And have you met you? One of us is openly gay, has faced rejection, and has thick skin. The other is insecure, sensitive, and repressed. No offense intended, you wouldn’t have it in you.”
"You are going to be coming here and back every day?" Gabe asks, "that seems like an annoying waste of a journey."
"Alright," Dean says, standing up, "just warning you that Gabe really wasn't kidding when he said it isn't pleasant."
Cas shuts and locks the door to his father’s Lawrence home behind himself, pulling his coat down tighter around his body, the fur-lined hood providing shelter against the bitingly cold December wind. Dean glances up, his smile wearing a sharply biting edge that’s on just the wrong side of teasing. He holds up his phone.
Dean stills, Cas. Cas was here. Where was here though? He blinks his eyes open slowly, squinting in the light as he tries to figure out what's going on, without letting the panic he can feel creeping in consume him.
Cas slowly sits back down on the edge of the bed. "I thought I had... made you upset, or uncomfortable, or something. That you would prefer it if I disappeared for a while."
"Well I disagree," Dean says decisively, "I guess I just build attachment quickly because in my mind you're my best friend and I would die for you. Clothes are barely anything."
"Yeah, but you're going to regret this tomorrow if I let you skip, so come on. Up and at it, time for class," Dean says, still not moving from his cozy position.
Dean nods, picking up the first burger and looking at it uneasily. He hadn't realized how long it'd been since he ate anything proper, until he had real, solid food in front of him. His stomach was already revolting, but he knew that he had to at least try.
"Oh, that's..." Charlie starts before stopping, "wait, before I decide what that is, do you like him? Do you think he's hot?"
"Um," Dean says, trying to figure out how to answer. He trusts Cas - trusts his more than he's ever trusted anyone other than family before - and he can tell that Cas cares about him, but he is also not sure he
"Seriously?" Dean asks, trying to ignore the weird stab in his heart at Cas suggesting Sam will be his soulmate. He can't understand it, so he will ignore it. Just like everything else in his life. "Or maybe, you will never meet ever, and fate - or whatever - will be stopping you from finding him."
"Well yeah," Dean replies, "why do you sound so surprised? I've already said I would murder for you, dying is pretty much the next step up."
"Ok great," Dean says. Again. Because all of his higher brain function has been turned off by the fact that Cas still hasn't changed out of those fucking jeans.
"If I have to," Dean grumbles, even though he knows that Sam has a point and anyway, it will probably do him good to get outside for a bit.
"Ok," Dean laughs, grabbing his - slightly more normal - coat and walking out the door, "let's go," he agrees.
Cas doesn't know what to say. Again. English is hard, talking is hard. It's harder for him. He sighs.
Cas laughs unwillingly in response to that. "Thank you, Dean. I just don't know that you'd... care. Or just if I told you you'd decide you don't need a friend like me, that I'm going to... drag you down."
"Dean, it doesn't matter," Cas says. He hates this, the knowledge of what he's about to say. "It's not important. I'm sorry." He stands up and starts to dress. "I'm sorry."
"You have a brother called Lucifer?" Dean asks, a strange mix of awe and shock in his voice, "That's so cool! I mean - it's sad that he doesn't speak to you anymore - but you and your siblings are named after angels. I've only got one brother, and he has a normal, boring, non-biblical, non-satanic name of Sam."
"Well for one thing," Sam begins, "you already look at each other like you're in love, which... is frankly ridiculous, especially considering how slow Dean is to love anyone, and... I don't know.
"It doesn't matter to me either," Dean says with a sigh, twisting his computer so it was facing Cas, "just put on whatever you want," he offers, too tired to bother deciding for himself.
"Come on then," Dean shouts, grabbing Cas' arm again - just so he doesn't get lost of course - and practically dragging him through the crowd and over to where their brothers are standing.
"That's a good point," Gabe says with a smile, "Cas has no powers that I know off, but apparently your brother deems him incredibly trustworthy."
"Yeah, they really are," Gabe agrees, frowning at their brothers, "are you two going to sort yourselves out?"
Cas stared at him, unexpectedly touched by this expression of intense protectiveness. "At least buy me dinner first, Dean," he tried to joke. "Before you decide to go to war on my behalf."
"Yeah," Dean agrees with a laugh, "definitely more the latter. We are way more like serial killers than band members," Dean thinks for a moment before adding, "also neither of us can sing for shit."
"Supernatural," Cas replies, trying to keep his face neutral. "There's a character based off of me, alright, and he is one hundred percent gay for the main character's brother, alright?"
"Please don't," Dean mutters under his breath - unable to help himself - before he says - loud enough for Cas to hear him this time - "You know, most people would take that to mean they are wrong, not that everyone else needs to fuck off."
"Hey Gabe," Dean says tiredly. He has dark bags under his eyes and he has the feeling he's probably lost weight, but he doesn't care. His soulmate doesn't want him, what reason is left to look after himself?
Dean manages half a burger before he feels like he can eat no more. He knows he's letting everyone down, but he already feels sick from eating so much.
When it finally seems as though they’ll be able to hold themselves together, Cas shakes his head. “But no, in seriousness, they were out of quiet literally everything I was asked to buy. I’ll be going to Safeway tomorrow when they open to see if they have anything there.”
"Ok," Dean says slowly, turning back to his pancakes and trying to avoid the weight of Cas' gaze which he was still sure he could feel, even though he was sure that Cas had turned away.
Sam is about to sit down in his normal spot, but he sees the look on Dean's face and moves his plate over to sit next to his brother. "Dean," he says quietly. "It's not easy to recover from a period of disordered eating. You just gotta let us help you. Eat as much as you can, and then eat three more bites. Can you do that for me?"
Dean walks out of the bathroom 3 minutes later wearing clean clothes and with slightly damp hair. He grabs his own shoes but pauses when he sees Cas. "What have you done to your hair?"
Dean can feel the awkward silence but before he can do do anything to stop it, he has to find a parking spot. "Anything you want to do while we are here?" he asks, pulling into the first spot he finds.
Cas can't quite meet those bright green eyes for a while, so instead he grabs his coat and leads the way out the door, only then Dean stops him with a hand on his arm, staring at the coat in awe.
"Ok, come on then, hop in," Dean says, waving a hand at the passenger side door and opening his own door.
“You can come with me anywhere,” he promises, and in that moment he means it with his whole heart. Dean’s eyes shine with something inexplicable for the briefest moment before he breaks the eye contact, steps fully into the car, and slams the door shut.
Dean knows that he keeps on repeating himself, but he can't help himself asking "are you sure you're ok?" as he starts driving off. Cas is being very quite, somehow even quieter than before, and Dean is worried.
"I don't exactly know their name," Dean scoffs, tossing his phone, "that's their number. You can figure out the rest."
"Wow," Dean laughs, wriggling away from Cas' poking and trying to ignore the instinct to lean into Cas, "Mr. Tax Accountant learned how to tease people."
"Yeah, sorry," Dean muttered, unlocking the door and leaning back against the head rest, closing his eyes so he won't have to look Cas in the eyes.
"I'm not particularly interested in taxing social interaction on my first night in a new place. I think I'll stick with my books for now."
"No, nothing wrong," Dean assures quickly, "It doesn't matter, I promise," he can't quite believe how sheltered Cas is. He must live under a rock to not be able to recognize blushing.
Cas takes his hand distractedly, unable to tear his eyes away from Dean's face. "Castiel," he manages to say.
“Mm,” Dean replies, some of the spark rekindling. “They had plenty of what you needed in stock, didn’t they?”
"Yeah," Dean says as they walk past, "where are you spending the night? Because I'm assuming that you're not planning on driving home now."
Sam shoots a finger gun at him, grabbing his bag and hauling it up onto his shoulder. "See y'all later."
"I didn't make out with any girl, I promise," Dean says tiredly, "I guess I understand, but I can promise you I love Cas and no one else. All I want is him back."
"Glad to hear it," he says, trying to hide the awkwardness hiding just under his skin. He wasn't sure quite why he was reacting like this, there was just something about the bright blue gaze which seemed to see right into his soul.
“Fruitful,” he says dryly, smiling just slightly. “As you can see by all the Fred Meyer bags I am surrounded with.” He lifts his empty arms.
"I could defend you in court," Sam murmurs, glancing at him and laughing. "'Course, I'd have to get my degree first and I'd have to pass the bar exam
"Yes, l'm ready. Let's go." Cas chooses to say nothing about his own attraction to his surprisingly jacked, stunningly green-eyed, mysterious new roommate.
"Because I relate to your brother," Cas said quietly. "And I know you're a better brother than mine, but those are all things I will never have the courage to say to Michael, so I said them to you. I'm sorry."
About half an hour into the movie, Dean starts to snore quietly. Cas glances at him and never looks away. He's beautiful like this. He looks finally relaxed, something Cas has never seen him. He presses his lips to Dean's temple before he can stop himself.
"Huh?" Dean asks cleverly, hearing Cas' side of the conversation - and his name - but having no idea what's happening.
"I won't regret a damn thing." Cas knew it was true. Being near Dean was worth anything. He knew he loved him more than anything.
Cas laughs. "Give him a little more credit. He can probably read at least some of your nonverbal cues that you don't even realize exist."
Dean turns around quickly, trying to hide his blush. Why is he even blushing? He isn't a thirteen-year-old girl.
Cas shakes his head. "I can't risk it. I love him too much." He glances at Dean again and freezes. Dark Hair has one hand at the back of Dean's neck. One of Dean's hands is at her waist. They're locked at the lips.
Cas stares at him. "I don't know who ever told you that being around you was a problem, but whoever it was, I would very much like to shoot them."
"Sure," Dean says, trying to hide how happy Cas coming to join him was making him for no apparent reason. "Any movie suggestions? I haven't chosen one yet."
"Oh yeah, don't worry. I was definitely talking about Gabriel. Michael didn't even mean to give that money to you. I was planning to murder him slowly and painfully and that has not changed."
"Well you are the bitchy one," Dean replies, "but something is going on, and I'm trying to figure out what."
Cas stands frozen for a moment, then pulls Dean against him and hugs him. "I just want you to know I'm cursed. You're probably better off getting out while you still can."
Cas smiles back as he watches Dean drive. "Today went by slowly," he comments. "It felt like a hundred years."
Dean laughs loudly, unable to hold it on after Cas' deadpan delivery, "me neither. Honestly I wonder why we haven't just given up on understanding them by now."
Cas nods and says bye, then hangs up. "Sam got his acceptance letter. He'll be joining us here at Stanford next year!"
"Yeah sure, give me 5 to get ready," Dean says with a shrug, grabbing some clean clothes and retreating back into the bathroom to change.
Dean feels his smile relax into a slightly more genuine one, "well in that case I will definitely be safe. No one's getting past you."
"Are you okay?" Cas asks again, seriously concerned. "You were... thrashing and screaming. I think you were having a nightmare. What can I do for you right now? do you need anything?"
"Ok, I'll bear that in mind," Dean says, leaving against Cas and watching the opening credits begin to play. He feels so warm and cozy and safe and - despite feeling in hospital earlier that day - he feels happy. Happy to just lean against his soulmate for as long as he can allow himself it.
"That's a good idea," Dean quickly agrees. He will never say no to his two favorite things: baking and pie. "You ever baked a pie before?"
"Yes, I guess that's the price you have to pay for being advanced," Gabe agrees with a grin. Dean sighs, looking like he's about to whack his head off the table, glancing at Cas in the hopes he will be able to change the subject in some way.
Dean basically drops his phone onto his bed, too shocked to put it down gently. "Oh no," he whispers, tears starting to pool in his eyes.
"Dean, you haven't been eating. Teenage assigned females are the biggest demographic for people who experience disordered eating but they're not the only ones." He sighs. "Look, man, right after you left... when I was fourteen. I did the same thing. I got so depressed I couldn't eat anything at all. Every time I tried, I threw up. I beat it, and you can beat it too. Come on, eat your burger."
“My sister is coming for Christmas. She just got engaged. I haven’t seen her in years. I am going to be miserable and lonely.”
"Indeed, we are. We have a history nerd, a theater nerd, a film nerd, a science nerd... any kind of nerd you can think of, and there's one in the Novak family." Cas smiled. "We are formidable."
"No," Dean says quietly, "high school wasn't a great time for me and that didn't exactly leave me with a great view of the texts." He doesn't know why he is being so vulnerable around Cas, he's only just met the guy, but here he is.
Sam lands next to him with Gabriel on his other side, and Sam's arm goes around Gabriel's shoulders like it was designed to be there. Dean feels even sicker than he did a minute ago. Gabriel chuckles and points up at the stage. Dean looks up. It’s Cas.
Cas knocks gently on the window and recoils slightly when Dean's head whips up. "Can you unlock it?" he asks timidly through the door.
"I don't think he cares," Sam mutters, falling back into his seat. "He's a selfish motherfucker and I should have seen this coming."
"What?" Dean asks, freezing up ever so slightly. If Cas is living with Gabe, and Dean is going to Gabe's place, then they would imply they are going to run into each other.
!" Gabriel shouts, throwing up his hands. He takes a calming breath. "We're here." He pulls into the driveway and shuts off the car. "For the record, Dean, I do love you."
Cas nods. He wants to ask but he has a feeling Dean would tell him if he wanted him to know. "Well you shouldn't be stuck here much longer. I apologize."
"Yeah I'm fine," Dean assures, "You just seemed quiet, I was making sure you were ok." He walks into the bathroom and locks the door behind him, trying to shake the concern which still pestered him.
Sam's smile falters as he catches sight of Dean's face. Never mind, then. He can't do this. "I'm just gonna go," he says, standing to leave. "Since you obviously don't want either of us here."
Dean pulls a slight face, unsure of how to explain it, "pineapple is sweet, onion is - not sweet? They just - do they really go together?" he asks hesitantly. He can't quite believe that they could possibly work together and he's almost shocked that Cas is making him question it.
"Um," Cas looked down. "I'm paying my own college tuition. My family won't help. So I don't exactly have a lot of money for clothes."
Cas stares at him, disbelieving, and then sticks his foot out and trips him deliberately. Dean falls forward and Cas grabs his arms, catching him just before he hits the ground. He grins down at him.
"So Sam, why didn't you head back with Pops and Dad?" he asks, now that the worry of Cas and Sam meeting is out the way.
Sam smiles at him like his face is about to burst and actually kisses his cheek. "I'm proud of you," he says. "You did good."
"Ok great, what's your favorite?" Dean asks. He ignores the way Cas's eyes scrunch up and his speech slows, a pair of tells Dean has figured out means he's getting frustrated and focuses instead on Netflix. He knows how annoying it is to have people point stuff out, or treat you differently because of something, and he is refusing to do the same to Cas. If Cas needs to talk, he'll talk, but if all that's going on is movie picking, then he will just leave it alone.
Dean blinks, "no?" he says slowly, "I mean, it takes forever to fall asleep, I never feel rested, and then I always have to wake up at the end." He decides that mentioning he also gets nightmares isn't a very good idea right then.
"Of course," Dean replies with a grin, "if we're going to be roommates, then we should definitely be friends, it would just be awkward if we didn't get along."
Cas started to slowly work his way down Dean's body, gently pressing at different parts. Dean hissed through his teeth when Cas pressed down just above his left hipbone, and he froze. "Oh."
"Yeah, it's just fun isn't it," Dean says, even though he knows deep down the main reason he likes watching movies with Cas, is because they always end up sitting pressed up together to see the screen.
Dean stops that chain of thought quickly. That is not where he wants to go on his first day of college.
Dean just smiles warily, "If you say so," he says, hoping that it will be enough to get Cas off his case. He knows the truth anyway, Sam is the amazing one in their family, Sam is the one who is going to go far, not Dean. He squirms in his seat, Cas' intense gaze feeling like it's going straight to his soul.
Cas shakes his head. He doesn't know how to explain that this is the biggest, hardest, scariest thing he's ever done. He doesn't think that he can. So he does the only thing that makes sense. He kisses Dean again.
When Cas turned off the engine in the campus parking lot, he turned to look at Dean. "Are you bleeding?" he asked, all fake concern. "Are you still breathing? Oh look. It wasn't fatal. You survived. Get out of the car."
"I don't think we did," Dean says slowly, thinking the evening over, "we just went to sleep, no big bonding moment that I can remember."
"Okay," Cas breathes, suddenly getting caught up in the kiss again. "Maybe talk later?" he suggests.
"Honestly same!" Dean says with a laugh, "I'll instantly know who my soulmate is, because I can't imagine anyone saying my words. So if they are said, then I know I've found them."
"Really?" Dean asks, interested, "I'll have to bake you one of my own apple pies then, you can judge which one is best." The pie recipe was his mom’s, and she had taught Dean how to bake it as soon as he was old enough to be baking. His entire childhood was punctuated with slices of that pie.
"My classes start the same day as yours, so I'll be leaving tonight and on my way back every day starting in... four days."
The sky chooses that moment to open up and bring down upon them a soft blanket of snow. Cas looks at it and laughs and laughs, laughs for a long and glorious time, and Dean laughs with him.
"Of course he did," Dean mutters again with a sigh, pinching the bridge of his nose, "yeah, he's always been one to stick his nose into other people's business. Don't worry 'bout it, I'm fine."
Cas scoffs, rolls his eyes, pulls on his coat, and sprints after Dean. "You can't just leave me like that."
"I should probably head off soon as well," Gabe says, "I've got a lot to sort out before classes start. I'll see you guys later?"
"Okay, see you later then," Dean says, turning back around and walking out of the party. He still isn't sure he can trust Gabe, but he trusts Cas, and if Cas says Gabe is trustworthy, he will go with it.
Dean rolls his eyes, "you've wanted to be a lawyer since you were about 10 years old, and here you are, breaking the law."
"Why does that make you horrible? Also there's a difference between empathy, and changing your life just so you don't hurt someone's stupid feelings."
"What do you think I'll do?" Dean asks, no hint of accusation in his voice, just pure tiredness and curiosity.
"You know what, I'm going to force you to make friends, if it's the last thing I do," Dean jokes in response. Cas needs friends, and Dean would make sure he doesn't hermit himself throughout college.
"Really? That's cool," Dean laughs, as they stand up and start walking back to their room, "so you're an English nerd, and he's a music nerd. Are you all just a family of nerds?"
"Really?" Dean says slowly, his tone between dangerous and friendly, turning to look at Sam, "and is there a reason Sam looks so suspicious?"
. And in his life he's been through so much pain from the outside world and you were the one person who was always supposed to be there for him. He just wants you to be proud of him. So when something good happens to him, he just wants you to be as excited as he is because
"You love karaoke," Sam points out. "I know you're depressed and depressed people have trouble doing things they used to enjoy but like. Come on. We can't leave you here on your own, you'll hurt yourself, and Gabriel and I are going. Please?"
"Yeah, yeah," Dean says, his voice rough and his thoughts racing, "I picked up on that." He absentmindedly starts picking at his shirt sleeve - the one which is hiding his words. The words which are a perfect echo of what Cas had just said. He loves Cas. Cas is his soulmate. How is this even possible?
"You wouldn't be a burden," Dean says quickly before adding, "it would probably save money to just drive together, you can ride with me."
“I’ll do it,” Dean declares, but he’s definitely not happy about it. Cas doesn’t care, cause he’s fairly certain Dean will be soon.
Dean sighs, "You'd think it would be easy, wouldn't you. We are soulmates, everything should be perfect and everything should work," he takes a deep breath, "but it's not like that. I can't express myself, I just can't, and Cas can't either, so we just get suck, like we are now. I love him with everything I have, but if my shit would hurt him, I'd rather he just found someone else and forgot all about me."
Dean leans against the window, watching as the street goes past and wondering at which point things got so bad that Gabe has to intervene. It's been weeks, maybe even months. He doesn't know, time wasn't really a thing he was paying attention to. He went to his classes and that was pretty much it.
"An apartment that I doubt I will be frequenting," Cas replies coldly. "Five months, Dean, we have no classes together. We don't have to see each other. I'm sorry I thought we could be something."
Cas sighs. "Not really, but I doubt that that is a conversation we should have in your car. Or this early on in our relationship."
Cas scrambles to the foot of his bed, his face flaming. He can't make eye contact with his brother as he enters the room.
Cas shrugs. "We are all named for angels, yes. Michael, Gabriel, and Heylel were named for archangels. Heylel, in keeping with his name, somewhat turned on our father, changed his name to Lucifer - he has a twisted sense of humor - and doesn't speak to the rest of us anymore."
Dean walks over to the counter, paying for their food before walking out of the diner next to Cas, heading back to their apartment block.
"Just, past memories, all that shit," Dean says with a wave of his hand, assuming Cas doesn't actually care and is just asking to be polite.
"Bye Charlie," Dean says with a small wave, "we'll see you around." He nods to Cas and then Dean starts walking back through the crown with Cas trailing behind him.
“This was good,” Dean murmurs. Cas is still grinning. He takes a step forward. “Dean, I’m going to kiss you again, and this time, I’m not going to run.”
Cas bends down slowly, holding out a hand he doesn't expect Dean to take. "Are you alright?" he asks, Dean's only illumination in the dark the light from the screen.
"Of course I'd rather have you," Dean says with a weak smile, "I just hope you are okay with waiting for me. I will try my best, but I'm not going to suddenly be able to deal with," the pauses for a moment, trying to find the correct word, before settling on gesturing between the two of them and saying, "this. I'm still going to struggle. And I'm sorry and I love you, just remember that."
"Well yeah, I'm not arguing with that one," Dean mutters, "and ok. I believe you. It might take some getting used to but I trust you."
"No one can do people well when they're children," Cas points out. "But some people figure it out and others don't. I fall in the second category. I am as socially awkward as they come."
Dean wakes up the next morning to find light streaming annoyingly onto his face, and the warmth of Cas' chest below his head. This feels so right that it scares Dean just a little. Because he knows he can't have this, not truly.
Sam stares after them in wonder. "Yeah. Dean never trusts people that quick." He doesn't know what that means, but he has a theory.
Dean glances away from the window he had been looking out, finding Cas' eyes glued to him. "You ok?" he asks, feeling slightly uncomfortable under the piercing gaze.
"Seriously?" Dean asks with disgust filling his tone before he can help it. He immediately feels like an asshole but he couldn't help it, Animal Farm was awful. Well, to be fair, Dean has never really read it. He was too busy to read it while in school, all he knew was that he had to bullshit an entire essay about it, and he has never even looked at it since. "Sorry," he mutters, lightly kicking the floor, "that was rude, enjoy rediscovering it I guess."
Cas bites his lip. He's not fond of the reminder that he's somehow fallen in love with someone he met twenty-four hours and change ago. "I'm not assuming," he says. "I have a... a gut feeling."
"Seriously, uh." Sam took a deep breath. "I'm seventeen, Dean, I'm not going to have sex with someone old enough to purchase booze. 'Specially not a guy."
"Ok, I'm not calling you either of those," he announces with a small smile, "I'm gonna call you Cas."
"I'm sorry," Dean says, laying back down, staring at the ceiling and trying to will the tears prickling at his eyes away.
"Do you really want to know?" Dean asks, shifting on his bed until he's comfortable. "Because if you're just asking to be polite and would actually rather go to sleep, we can go to sleep."
Cas is a little to nervous to try scooting closer to Dean again, so they stay there with half an inch of space between them as the movie begins to play. It feels like a chasm, like a thousand miles, and Cas hates the fact that this is his own fault. He brought this on himself and he has to accept the consequences. Dean will never love him.
Dean feels himself freeze. He can feel Cas next to him in hyper focus and he can barely seem to breathe properly anymore. "Great," he says, trying to figure out why on earth he's reacting like this.
"Selfish," Dean echoes back helplessly, feeling his world crumbling around him. Cas isn't his soulmate - despite Cas being his - and now this? Everything he's done for Sam in all his 'miserable' life and he's still selfish? He tries his best to put everyone else first, he thought he was managing, but apparently not. Apparently, no matter how hard he tries, he can't change anything. The apple really doesn't fall far from the tree.
Dean gapes after Cas for a moment. Seriously? What is up with that kid? One moment he's acting all innocent, the next he's being a smug bastard. "I wasn't being as rude as you," Dean argues.
And then Cas is standing next to him as if to lift him up. He wasn't joking. He catches sight of Dean's face. "Are you alright?"
Dean laughs, "well duh, but if said gift-unto-this-world is going to have the means to embarrass me, I need insurance. By which I mean equally embarrassing stories to throw back at his face."
"Apparently," Dean replies, not moving from where he is laying on the bed, "definitely on the outside. The inside is slightly more questionable."
Dean definitely doesn't squeak when Cas picks him up. Dean Winchester doesn't squeak. He is a little - well, a lot - surprised by it, and he maybe clings around Cas' neck a little- just so he doesn't get dropped of course - but he doesn't squeak.
"Dean. You are in pain. Let me examine you." Cas gently stretches Dean out on the couch. "Where does it hurt?"
"Don't go," Dean says, his mind still reeling as it tried to come up with the answer he needed, "you're my soulmate?"
"Hmmmm," Dean murmurs. He knows that he will never regret staying with Cas for longer, but he also knows if he stays here much longer he's going to kiss Cas, and he can't do that. "Come on then," he says, actually getting up this time and going looking for some clean clothes.
Cas shakes his head. "I can't, Dean. I can't talk about this with you when I know you are never going to feel this way about me."
Dean laughs, the confusion written all over Cas' face is just too adorable not to laugh at. "Maybe we should go then," he says, "you can try and figure out how to make small talk between now and the next party."
Cas nods, turning to scramble for the keys. He glances at Dean, then grits his teeth. "This is going to hurt," he says. "I don't envy you." That's all the warning he gives before he bends and lifts Dean into his arms, trying to avoid jostling his left side too much, allowing his head to slump onto Cas's shoulder. His heartbeat quickens at the proximity but he ignores it; now's not the time. He gently carries him out to the car, fumbles to unlock it, and lays Dean across the back seat. He takes the streets as fast as he dares and makes it to the hospital in ten minutes.
Cas watches him drive with this feeling of near-euphoria just from being this close to the object of his affections. Dean puts on Led Zeppelin and Cas pays close attention to the lyrics. He even knows a couple of Dean's favorite songs from driving with him so often.
Dean blinks, still catching his brain up to the real world. He is still not 100% sure that this whole thing isn't some kind of fantasy his brain made up to get him over the fact everyone hates him. "My words are on your arm?" he double checks, "And you never said anything? Because you think I have some girl out there who also has my words?" he thinks that covers everything, before he realizes something else. "And you love me?"
"Why does a high school student have a class here?" Cas asks, wincing as he replays his words in his head, "sorry that sounded rude, I'm just confused."
"Hello," Dean says with a wide smile, wandering over to his bed to put down the box. "I guess you're my new roommate," he adds, reaching his hand out to shake his new roommate’s hand, "I'm Dean. It’s nice to meet you."
"No, I kind of want to," Dean whispers, still shocked over how true it is, "just, don't ask for any more than I tell you. Okay?"
Cas nods and gets out of the car a little regretfully. He pauses. "I am growing very attached to your Baby."
"Oh yeah," Sam says with a sigh, "I'm with you there, being babied is so much better than being neglected." Dean sends Sam a grateful smile, thankful that his brother had decided against completely ruining his friendship with Cas.
"Any nicknames?" he questions, pulling his hand away. He was fairly sure Castiel would have some. No one has a name like Castiel, without having nicknames.
Cas leads Dean to the Mod about a block away and they get in the line. "What are you getting?" he asks.
"I don't know," Dean replies. "Classes don't start until Monday, and I don't really feel like going out and making new friends. Maybe I'll head into town and have a look around, get used to the area and everything."
"Thanks," Dean mutters, slightly embarrassed but mainly just relieved that he doesn't have to drive.
Dean smiles, internally partying. Cas thought that Baby was beautiful! He doesn't know why he cares so much about Cas' opinion, but he does.
Cas avoids looking at Dean for any length of time longer than two seconds for the duration of the drive. It's quiet and peaceful. It's easier than talking.
"You ok?" Dean asks after the sixth failed conversation starter. He understands that not everyone is particularly chatty, but Cas seems quieter, more reserved, than he did earlier.
"Dean's not going to die just because you're important to him," Charlie says gently, patting him on the arm in comfort, "I understand something bad has happened to you before, but that doesn't mean it will happen again."
Dean sighs happily into the kiss, everything feeling like it's slipping back into place now that he has his soulmate back.
Cas looks around and grabs two plaid flannels, one green and one blue, as well as a few t-shirts with graphics he likes. "Is this enough?"
Dean isn't an idiot. There is only one case in history of two pairs of soulmates that were also sets of siblings. There's no way he's Cas's soulmate if Sam is Gabe's. He shakes his head.
"Yeah," Dean mutters, not looking up or turning to look at Cas. Instead he just kept staring that the floor.
Cas fidgets nervously. "Would you prefer I leave the room? I know your car is very important to you."
"Pancakes for this lovely couple," she says cheerfully, putting the two identical plates in front of Dean and Cas, "waffles for the gentleman in the corner, and eggs for the string bean. Anything else I can do for ya?"
Dean roughly wipes at his face, trying to get rid of the tears running down his face, "If I can't do one more car payment they are going to take her away," he says, his voice trembling in distress, "I can't afford it, but I can't lose my Baby."
Cas thinks if Dean weren't dragging him out of the room he might stand there, blushing and stammering forever. Dean thinks he's
"Nothing specific," Cas mumbles. "Go back to sleep, Dean. I'll fight off the nightmares if they come for you." He smiles a soft, fond smile at Dean.
"Not if one's," Dean pauses for a moment, swallowing hard as he wonders whether this is going to be a mistake. He really shouldn't lie after just meeting this guy, but Castiel is named after an angel, Dean can only imagine his views are equally angelic, "exceptionally straight roommate is in the room with them."
Dean glares at the floor, as if he can blame it for the mess his brain appears to be in. It's not his fault, it's the floor. That's all. He is not attracted to his new best friend. Of course not, that would be weird, and - he's just not.
"And just for the record," Sam adds, glancing at his brother over the top of the menu, "I don't plan on stopping."
"Ok," Dean mutters slowly, "well, I'm not going to look too deeply into that pizza taste. I still don't see how you’re unsettling. Weird maybe, unsettling definitely not."
“Thank you,” Castiel replies politely despite the tediousness while Dean flushes – and not from the cold. Cas puts his arm around Dean’s waist as Dean pays, and it takes Dean four tries to get his card to read, his hands are shaking so bad. Cas decides not to call attention to it.
"Dear god, Dean, would you stop giving me that bitchface?" Sam demands. "I'm supposed to be the bitchy one."
Cas nods. "Thank you, Dean." Because Cas knows not all soulmates are requited, and it seems very likely that Dean does not love him back and has another soulmate that is decidedly not Cas. He resolves to double his efforts to keep Dean out of his bed.
Cas nods, not having time to argue while he needs to go chasing after Dean. Dean sighs, climbing into his baby and slamming his head back against the head rest.
Dean smiles, a wide smile. He knows why he fell in love with this guy, he knows why he's soulmates with this guy. And yet - he doesn't deserve Cas. The likelihood is that Cas has his own soulmate, just waiting for them to meet and fall in love and be happy, Dean can't get in the way of that.
"No I'm not," Cas whispered. "But you're mine. You have some other lucky girl out there just waiting for you. That's why I never said anything."
"Sorry," Dean whispers, "I don't mean to, I just - it's just how I deal with things I guess," he says, being as honest as he can with Cas. Dean trusts Cas, so he deserves to know what's up with Dean.
"That's true," Dean agrees, "but you won't even know it's them until after you fall in love," he points out, "so there isn't really much point thinking about it."
Dean knows his face is probably as pale as a ghost, but he can't change that. He hates hospitals, he hates feeling helpless and he hates anesthesia. It's the forced unconsciousness, the fact that anyone could do anything, and he would just be asleep, unable to protect himself. He leans his head backwards, trying to find where Cas is standing, hoping that his friend will be able to calm him slightly.
"Yeah," Dean agrees hesitantly, still confused about what's up with Cas. He shakes his worries away, deciding that now's not the time, and begins the drive.
"You didn't what Cas?" Dean asks gently, "I don't know what you're apologizing for. I'm sorry that I know and you weren't ready to tell me, but there is no reason to say sorry to me, why would I need an apology?"
"Umm," Dean stalls, feeling almost like how he imagines a deer in the headlights must feel, "yes? I guess, I don't normally describe myself," he says, hoping that it will be enough.
Dean chuckles. “I’m just happy to get out of this damn house. I can only handle awkward silence with your dad and your sister sporadically offering me cookies for so long.”
"Yeah, but thanks to you and the hospital, it doesn't hurt any more, so I'll give you a pass on that one."
Cas almost smiles, but falters as he thinks back over what he just said. "Fuck," he whispers. "That was unintentional and not at all how I meant to tell you that. I'm sorry, Dean, I didn't-"
"Okay, I'm sorry to hear that," Cas says sincerely, "I will make sure to be here for him, while you can't be." He hears footsteps coming down the hall and can't stop the small smile from blooming across his face.
Dean tries his best not to react to the loss of warmth when Cas slips away, but he's not sure he manages. He's not sure what he did to make Cas regret this so much, but whatever he did, he wishes he could go back in time and stop it.
Cas takes note of the appreciative one-over Dean gives him. He bites his bottom lip, smiles, and gestures for Dean to lead the way. "After you. I don't know where I'm going, so."
Cas watches Dean's face change and assumes it can't be anything good. He waits for Dean to tell him if he wants to.
"No problem," Dean smiles back, "now, do you want to wear that to the party, or borrow something of mine now?"
"Did you just call me Michael?" Dean asks, distracted from Cas' message by the simple name. He is fairly sure he's never been a dictator to Sam, which is suggesting to Dean that there is something there which is more about Cas than Sam. He really hopes that it isn't the case. He may not be a younger brother like Sam and Cas are, but he has had a fucking awful life, and he couldn't help but hope that Cas would've had a good life. How cruel could the universe be, to give not only Dean a horrible life, but also anyone who he cares about?
rests on his lips for a half-second before he decides that the best course of action is to leave it alone, and his words morph into “how was your afternoon?”
Dean looks over at Cas in shock, clenching and unclenching his hands a couple of times before he can answer. "Have I mentioned before that I really want to murder your family? Because I amend that to I really want to murder Michael." He continues to clench his hands, digging his nails into his palm in the hope it would reduce his urge to murder, before he suddenly freezes. "But why did that make you call me Michael?" he asks slowly, the words feeling like they are sticking to the roof of his mouth. He would never beat Sam, never refuse to pay for his college tuition or treat him like garbage.
"Never told me you were an artist," Cas breathes. "Why don't I know anything about you?" He kisses Dean again.
"That's cool," Dean says, trying to dislodge the disappointment and focus back on the present. "What classes does he help out with?" he asks.
"Yeah, I'm glad you're my best friend too," Dean says, ignoring how his heart reminds him that actually, he wants to be a little bit more than best friends.
Cas grins, nudging him slightly. When Dean gets to Netflix he starts randomly calling out titles of movies that catch his eye.
Dean can tell that Cas is lying, but before he can call bullshit, Gabe calls. He isn't sure what Gabe is saying, but he hopes that it gets Cas out of the room, and doesn't involve Dean coming as well. He hadn't realized until Cas returned, but he is a mess and could probably do with some time to get himself over it.
Cas makes to retract his hand. If Dean wants to sit on his ass on the floor, he can do that. "Your dad?" he asks hesitantly.
Dean goes back to his blinking. His mind appears to have turned off and talking is definitely out of the question.
"I don't mind, I'm not even sure what it's going to say," Dean sighs, pressing the read voicemail button and pressing the phone to his ear.
"You have his number," Gabe points out. "And it's not that he won't let you near him, it's just that you can't find him."
Cas smiles widely at Dean. "You're my favorite person in the world," he decides. He hesitates. "Oh... Dean?"
Cas shrugged. "I'm not the kind of person who looks I like do anything. I've been told I look like I was just sitting in a room eating Saltines for twenty years and then I walked out here."
"She kissed me okay? I pulled away as soon as I realized what was happening, but she was holding onto my hair, so I nearly fell over."
"Alright," Dean says, glancing at the clothes Cas is wearing and then at the clothes he had already movies into the closet. "Here," Dean says, passing over the jeans he had pulled out along with a light blue t-shirt. "They should fit you."
Sam's face breaks out into a wide smile. "Yeah, we are!" He turns his grin on Dean, who still looks shocked and almost angry. His smile falters. "What's up, dude?"
"Go," Sam mutters. As Cas makes to stand, Sam grabs his arm. "But for the record?" Cas glances at him. "He
Cas hugs him back contentedly, loving the feeling of Dean slumping against him. "You can go back to sleep if you want. Or we can keep talking."
Cas takes a bite out of his pizza. "Somehow I doubt that. I haven't had the pleasure of meeting your brother yet, but your voice definitely sounds like the voice of a singer." He smiles, then adds, "so he's the tall one in your photos?"
Dean smiles, "let's go," he agrees, driving back to their apartment with the music on loud and a huge smile on his face.
They're interrupted by yet another phone call. Cas groans and rolls off of Dean, grabbing his phone. It's Sam. "What?"
Cas recoils in shock when Dean suddenly brandishes a pair of jeans at him. He blinks before taking them hesitantly. "Alright," he says quietly, then makes his way over to a fitting room.
"Seriously!" Dean hisses, leaning across the table and glaring at his brother and Gabriel. Gabriel wisely stays silent, recognizing the protective older brother in Dean and knowing better than to cross him. Gabe himself is an older brother, and he knows he would murder people for Cas.
Cas takes his phone back with a nod of his head, "I promise I will," he says and he's almost shocked at how sincere he actually is. He is glad that Sam hasn't said what Dean's shit is, even if Cas is slightly curious, he is even more glad that Dean has a brother who respects his privacy enough to not blurt out all his problems to total strangers. "I'll keep an eye on him," Cas promises before frowning. "Wait, since you could talk? How long has this shit been going on?" His frown deepens as he thinks it over, "you don't have to answer that if you don't want to. I realize that's pretty intrusive."
Dean blinks. Oh. Well there goes his reasoning. "I'm not sure anyone else will agree with you about it not being needless," he says.
Dean frowns. Neither of those nicknames worked for the beautiful man standing in front of him. His bright blue eyes, his dark hair, his otherworldliness. No, neither of those would do.
"Stop laughing at me," Dean groans, reluctantly pushing him up onto his knees so he can reach across to grab the traitorous computer which wouldn't come to him.
Gabriel wraps his hand around Dean's elbow and drags him inside. Sam's already there. Cas is nowhere to be seen. "Hey, kid," Gabriel greets happily, kissing Sam's forehead. "Take care of the big guy while I make food."
Dean nods hesitantly, searching Cas' eyes as though he will be able to find any answers he need in them. Cas seems worried, but not overly so, and Dean relaxes fractionally. "Will you be here when I wake up?"
"Uhhh, good," Dean says, rubbing his jaw and trying to figure out what to do now. He is trying his best not to stare at Cas, but it's getting difficult, "you want to try on any other pairs?"
"But why would you-" Cas groans in frustration. He doesn't understand Dean and Dean doesn't understand him and his neurodivergence is making everything that much worse. "
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," Dean says, hating how the weight on his shoulders seems to lessen ever so slightly with Cas' words. He's an asshole. He should not be relieved that Cas' dad died, even if it did mean that it wasn't Dean that upset him. Like he's already thought, he is an asshole.
"Yeah?" Cas asks when Dean catches up with him. "What is it?" He rubs his left forearm with his right hand, a nervous habit he'd picked up from years of trying to hide his words. He doesn't get them.
"Neither," Dean says with a smile, "feelings and all that stuff, not one of my skills, however, if you ever need anyone to badly talk to, then I'm here. Also you have a lot more than 'a few' skills. I can promise you that."
"Cas is obviously lying about the last part and look at Dean's dumb face, he's totally in love. Not at all," Sam replies.
Dean relaxes into the hug, content to just stand there with Cas' arms around him for a minute, "Well I'd rather have you, cursed or not," he says with a laugh, "so I guess you're not getting rid of me any time soon."
Dean sighs as he stares around him. He has a trunk full of boxes and even with Sam and his parents helping him, he has no idea how long it is going to take him to move into his new room.
Sam takes his wrist and drags him to their own car. Dean is being far too quiet for Cas's liking as Cas drives them back to their dorm. "Are you alright?"
As the minor you had illegal underage sex with I can't represent you in a court of law? That's ridiculous. I don't remember that in Hamilton."
Dean blushes darkly, curling into himself subconsciously as he tries to figure out how to answer, "Um," he mutters, "you need to finish getting ready, we have to head out in a minute." He quickly turns around, avoiding answering the question and hiding his red face from Cas' view.
"Bye," Dean mumbles, his eyes slipping shut, "'ll s' ya l'ter," he slurs, the anesthetic taking full hold.
Cas feels unexpectedly touched by this. "I rarely get called something so mild as 'weird'. I'm often called 'freak' and 'nerd' and 'other'. I like it, I think." He smiles at Dean as he orders his pizza.
Dean frowns, the memory of the dream coming back to him now he is thinking about it, "yeah, nightmare," he explained, dragging a hand down his face, "don't worry about it, I get them all the time, sorry I woke you up."
"It is my fault," Cas insists. "I couldn't handle it, and I ran off, and I did... I did this to you."
"Good, so are we going to our apartment?" Dean asks slowly, thinking about the mess he'd left behind when he went to Gabe's.
Dean blinks a couple of times, "I don't know," he says slowly, "I might have eaten the takeout which was in the fridge? I can't remember."
"Do you want to watch a movie with me?" Dean asks. He knows it's a bad idea, the only way they could watch a movie will be on a computer, which will mean sitting pressed up next to each other to see the screen. But right now, Dean feels kinda fragile - not that he would ever edmit it out loud - he guesses that appendicitis will do that to a guy, and he kind of just wants the reassuring touch of his soulmate. Even if Cas doesn't know. And even if this makes Dean pathetic. And even if this can never be anything more than just this.
Dean opens his eyes slowly, shocked to see Cas' eyes on him again. "You ok?" he asks, confused about why Cas is staring at him.
"Don't go," Cas says quickly, knowing that Dean doesn't want his brother to go, not yet anyway, "we haven't even got our food yet and I still want to get to know you." Dean scowls down at the table, but doesn't argue.
"You are when it comes to feelings," Dean points out, "I'm fairly sure you've forced me into talking about my feelings more times than I've talked about my feelings by choice."
"I struggle every day," Cas mutters. "You know that. You help me with it. I'd be a shitty friend if I couldn't do the same."
Sam laughs. "I have some classes here this semester. I was gonna meet with the TA to make sure I've got everything nailed down for it."
"Here we go," Dean says, unlocking the car and climbing in. He turned her engine on and just sat there for a moment, listening to her purr.
"I don't know," Charlie replies, "my gaydar is never wrong, and he was definitely giving off crush vibes."
"Sure you can," Dean says with a smile, "it'll be more entertaining if I have someone to talk to anyway."
Sam takes a deep breath and sits back down. Since his brother obviously won't be the adult in this situation, that responsibility
Dean scoffs instead of answering, glancing over at Cas for just a moment. Their eyes meet and the second blue meets green, Dean tares his eyes away.
"Alright," Dean says, leaning forwards and pressing his forehead against the bed, "I'll remember that for future reference," he breathes deeply another couple of times before saying, "my bio dad was - to put it lightly - an asshole. It just turned out that at times, he became a bit of a," he pauses, "asshole asshole," he finishes awkwardly.
Dean laughs, grabbing Cas' arm and pulling him towards a nearby circle, where a red headed girl appears to be telling an animated story.
"Unless there is anything else you desperately want to know, can we just go to sleep now?" Dean asks, enjoying how safe he is feeling, with Cas' arms around him.
Cas pretends not to react to the way Dean's fingers feel when they brush against his scalp. He pretends he doesn't enjoy it when Dean pets down one lick that keeps sticking up. Cas pretends, and he has a feeling that with Dean, there is a lot more pretending in his future.
Cas nods. Dean's eyes fall shut, and he moves to a different area of the room so the surgeons can proceed with the appendectomy.
“You know how much you owe me for taking care of Sam when we were younger and always covering for you when your father came home?”
"You ok?" Dean asks, noticing that Cas looks vaguely sad. Damn it. He was supposed to stop the conversation before Cas could get sad, but it looks like he was too late.
Cas glances between he and Sam and something clicks. His eyes narrow and he leans forward to hiss at his brother. "I told Dean you were trustworthy!"
"Ok," Dean breathes, trying to calm his beating heart, "I'll be alright then," he says with a tight smile.
"I don't know! You're still me friend, time doesn't change that! Are you trying to say you don't count me as a friend?"
"Great," Dean says, "now, are you going to come out and meet people tonight? Or are you still planning on spending the night with a book?" he makes sure to keep his words light, even though he can't help his fingers from crossing. He needs to go out and make some new friends, but he still wants to keep Cas around.
checking Cas out, he is just trying to find his jean size. That's all. He definitely isn't noticing Cas' muscular legs - he clearly runs a lot. He isn't. All he is noticing is that Cas is slightly smaller than him, and will probably need the size down from him.
"Ok not going to run either," Dean replies, taking a step forward as well so there is only an inch or two between them.
"I think you'll say some dumb shit and he won't be able to tell you're joking and he'll never be able to open himself to love ever again. Because you're his soulmate, and he's desperately in love with you."
Cas shrugs his bag onto his shoulder and smiles at Dean before making his way back toward their dorm, choosing to assume that Dean will follow.
"Oh yeah," Dean agrees, "and then there are some people who end up with really generic words who everyone says at all times."
"No of course not!" Dean gasps. "I never want you to disappear. I know I'm awful at talking, possibly worse than you at times, but I really do want to watch what you want to put on," he gestures to the computer again, "if you still want to pick?"
"Ok, you'll have to try on a couple of different pairs then," Dean says. He looks between his legs and Cas', trying to assure the embarrassed part of his brain that he is
"Oooh," Dean says in a teasing voice, "does that mean you are the nerd nerd, as well as the English nerd?”
"Yeah ok," Dean sighs, after also finishing his teeth, "I have no idea how you're planning to do that, but ok."
"Of course you do," Dean laughs. He thinks of all the things he counts as achievements, fucking up and actual achievements included. His biggest achievement has to be protecting Sam all those years with John, but that seems a bit too heavy - a bit too revealing - to tell Cas about. Instead he opts for the stupid story.
"I- I need to call my dads," Dean says, in lieu of an answer. He fumbles with his phone, picking it up on his second attempt and quickly dials Bobby's number.
"A stack of pancakes with syrup please," Dean says, trying - and mainly failing - to ignore Sam and Gabe's clasped hands, "and a cup of coffee."
Dean gapes for a moment, shaking his head as he opens the door and collapses into the seat, muttering the whole way about certain "stupid roommates who don't believe that I won't survive this."
Dean can feel tears prickling in his eyes but he tries to ignore them. This is his fault. The best thing which had ever happened to him, and he's managed to drive him away. Just like he always does.
"Sam and Dean," Cas says, rolling it around on his tongue. "You sound like a band. Or a super-famous demon-hunting serial killer duo."
Dean hums in agreement against Cas' lips, quite happy to just shut up and worry later. Because he will, later in he will be questioning everything, but for now he can just enjoy kissing Cas and live in the present.
"Oh," Dean says, relaxing ever so slightly, so Cas isn't homophobic! But now Dean has lied and has to decide whether to keep up the pretense or tell the truth. Great. "Wait, you said you haven't gotten the expression of heterosexuality from me," he says, "what do you mean?" Because, although he isn't embarrassed about what he is, he is closeted and has always though he does a good job at hiding it. Apparently not?
"I kissed you because I couldn't listen to you bad-mouth yourself anymore and I'm sorry because I didn't think you cared."
"Cas is a gift unto this world, dontcha know?" Sam asked, grinning and wrapping an arm around him like they were old friends.
Dean sighs as he walks back to his new room. He is a bit concerned about what Sam and Cas have been doing in his absence.
"I'm fine," Cas tells him for the thirtieth time. "I am fantastic, in fact. I'm simply... processing some news that I got just now."
"Did what?" Dean asks, his memory of last night hazy. He has a feeling that that's what Cas is talking about, something which happened last night, but he can't figure out what.
"Thanks," Dean says again. He feels a bit like a broken record, but that didn't matter. He has a lot to be thankful for.
He turns around and runs into someone carrying a large box. "Oh, I'm sorry," he says practically springing out of the way. "I didn't mean to- hi." His lungs stop working when he catches sight of this man's face.
Dean freezes for half a second before just deciding not to react to Cas' words. Sure, they are true, but that doesn't mean he has to confirm it. "You done yet?"
Dean almost trips over his feet when Cas grabs his hand, but he manages to keep on balance and keep walking, not giving away how shocked he is. Cas is just making sure he doesn't get lost, that's all, and to be honest Dean is glad. He doesn't want to lose Cas either.
"No- I- why would you- why are we even having this conversation?" Cas sits down on his bed, hunched over, feeling defeated. "I can't communicate to you what I want and you can't seem to communicate with me either."
"Really? Well they are assholes," Dean says decisively, "You know what, you can borrow some of mine until we can get you some new ones." Offering up his clothes feels as natural as breathing, despite how weird it probably should feel.
Cas smiles. He can sit next to Dean, run his hand down Dean's arm, hug him, reassure him. He wants that, that closeness, that comfort, that feeling of love from his soulmate, even though Dean will never love him that way. He nods. "A movie sounds awesome."
Sam mouths, so he does. He runs up on the stage during the instrumentals. “I uh. I can’t sing it in Halsey’s octave,” he admits, chuckling.
"Technically he isn't breaking the law," Gabe says before he can stop himself, instantly regretting it when he sees the murder glare sent his way, "technically only I am," he finishes slowly.
Cas sighs, feeling put upon, and rolls his eyes. "It's my least favorite Avengers movie. I never enjoyed watching it. But if you really want to we might as well just marathon them."
"Right, let's do this," he calls to his surrounding family, he claps his hands once and grabs the first box, letting out a loud laugh at Sam's grimace.
Dean laughs, "luckily you don't have to worry about that, we are each others best friends and that's the end of that."
Four and a half minutes later Dean emerges from the bathroom with clean clothes and clean teeth, "alright, let's go," he says, grabbing his shoes.
"Perfect," Dean says with a smile, "I'm starving," he announces happily, standing up and then wincing as he looks down at himself and realizes how accurate his previous statement had been.
"What are friends?" Cas jokes. "And I've already explored all of campus and I know where my classes are."
"Bye," Dean says, tears already welling up in his eyes again. He doesn't know why he's surprised that Gabe is leaving, Dean is poison. Everyone always leaves him because he's too horrible for anyone to stick around.
Dean isn't sure whether he should laugh or scream. On one hand, Cas' obliviousness is just adorable. His squinty eyes and head tilt just melting Dean's heart. But on the other hand - the screaming hand - that bitch is flirting with Cas. And although Dean doesn't know why he cares, he does.
Cas blushes, looking down at his lap and trying not to let his thoughts run away from him, "thanks," he says simply.
"Of course he did," Dean frowns, "Yeah, I dropped out. It just wasn't working. I couldn't balance everything and something had to give. In the end it was school." he sighs before adding in a self-deprecating tone, "it wasn't much of a loss though, I was barely scraping through anyway."
Cas looks down. "Because it would mean that I'm important to somebody. And the last time I was important to somebody they ended up dead. I can't- I can't watch Dean end up like that because of me."
Dean turns to face Cas, his best pleading look pasted all over his face, "just one more person? Just one more conversation? Please?" he asked. Despite only knowing Cas for the day, he already knows that force won't work here.
"He's 4 years older than me, he's majoring in musical theater and he has about a million siblings, happy now?" Sam snaps, feeling annoyed that his brother still won't just accept his decisions.
"You're welcome," Dean replies, dragging his eyes away from Cas' lips, "come on, pick out some tees you like," he gestures at the racks of tees surrounding them.
Sam catches the keys Gabriel tosses him and follows, sliding into the driver's side and winking at Dean in the rearview before idling the engine and waiting for his soulmate. "Pick up the pace!" he shouts.
"Didn't wake me up," Cas murmured. "I was just worried. What were you dreaming about, if you don't mind my asking?"
"That's me," Dean whispers with a smirk. Cas has a tight grip on his arm, possibly a bit too tight, but he doesn't care. He wants to be as close to Cas as Cas wants him.
"Come on then, do you know your pant size?" Dean asks, grabbing Cas' arm and practically dragging him to the jeans section.
"Of course it's ok," Gabe says with a soft smile, ignoring Dean's glare and Cas' disappointed look. They will get used to it.
Cas smiles and sits down on his bed, too busy trying not to say any of the many things in his mind (such as 'that jawline should be illegal' or 'how the fuck are your eyes so green') to answer.
"I have always been qualified to make points, as long as they are valid points. And that one is definitely valid."
Cas slowly turns back to look at him, wondering if he will be able to somehow miraculously muster the self-restraint not to kiss Dean. "I would do anything for you, Dean," he says honestly.
Cas's brow furrows. "I have not gotten the impression of heterosexuality from you. And I have what my brother calls 'an amazing gaydar'."
Charlie notices Cas freeze up, and turns her head to see what he is looking at. For some reason which she can't be sure of - and it can't be she was wrong about him liking Cas - Dean is kissing Lisa. Or Lisa is kissing Dean, it's hard to tell and Charlie is not planning to watch for long enough to find out.
"Technically he isn't one of my students yet," Gabe mutters, picking at a stray thread on his sleeve. He doesn't regret it, but he does see that convincing Cas that this isn't a bad thing is going to be hard, "and he's only just still a minor. I wouldn't have done anything if he hadn't been sure."
Sam shrugs. "I have a few passions. I can see myself as a teacher or a musician, performing artist of some kind, but really if I get my top pick then I am most definitely going into law." He grins at Dean.
Dean frowned, "are you saying that asexuals wouldn't want to jump your bones? Or are you saying that you personally are asexual?"
"Nothing is infallible," Cas murmurs. The girl is grinning up at Dean now, all teeth. He might puke.
"Yeah, you get to see my Baby," Dean agrees with a smile, trying to ignore how happy he is at the thought of Cas riding shotgun in his car.
“Ah,” Cas replies. “Uh, good. Right. So we’re all good? We don’t need a backstory or anything, they all know our childhood together.”
"Oh no, I do not love Cas. Clearly you've lost your skill of reading me haven't you," he says, trying to keep his voice steady.
"Well, it's not a secret if you tell us, now is it?" Charlie asks, grinning. They both turn to Cas, who swallows.
Cas emerges from the bathroom and notices that Dean's awake. "Good morning," he says happily. "How did you sleep?"
"Hi, I'm Joan," says a dark-haired girl. "And this is Noah and Raife." She extends the hand that isn't holding booze.
"Well, I'm assuming you have some money, I have some money, we can always pool our cash. I have a clothes allowance and I don't need any new clothes for now."
, Cas reads. "I said that to you. In the hospital." Dean nods. Cas rolls up his own sleeve. "You'd rather have me," he reminds his friend. "Cursed or not."
Cas grins at him. "Come on. Let's watch the movie." And Dean starts it up, and Cas watches him casually until Dean makes a snarky comment and points at the screen. Cas shakes himself and looks back, a small smile on his face.
"Well, everything has its flaws?" Dean mutters carefully, wondering if this means that Cas isn't homophobic. A homophobic person wouldn't have a gaydar would they?
"Seriously," Dean replies slowly, "nothing happened. We slept, nothing else. I don't know what you mean about live or whatever, but nothing happened."
When they get back to their room, Dean goes straight for his bed, but Cas lingers awkwardly by the door.
Sam puts his hand on Gabriel's lower back and pulls him closer for a moment before moving away. "You need to finish making the food."
"Well," Sam muttered once Dean had disappeared. "That's... something must really be wrong with him, because he didn't even ask me why I'm staying." He laughed. "Well. I'm Sam." He shook Cas's hand.
is running through his brain at a mile a minute and he honestly feels like he needs to reboot to try and figure out what Cas even means.
When Dean gets back to his dorm, Cas's things are gone with the exception of his decorations. Cas is nowhere to be found.
Dean laughs, standing in front of Cas and gently taming his hair with the brush. It doesn't end up perfect, but it's better than before. "There you go," he says with a smile, trying to ignore how soft Cas' hair looks.
"Thanks," Dean says, taking his clothes and once Cas has walked away, slowly climbing out of bed. His side stings slightly, but he appears to still be hopped up on pain medication so he just ignores it, climbing into his jeans and a tee.
"Well that's certainly true," Dean agrees with a smile, which quickly fell off his face when he sees the time. If he still wants to go out and meet some new people, he will have to leave soon, and get ready before that. Somehow, in the quiet little bubble which Cas seems surrounded in, he had forgotten about everything else. And now he has to make a choice. Stay with Cas? Or go make new friends?
"You did what you thought was needed. In this case it was getting as far away from me as you could."
"Why thank you, I always knew it but it's always nice to be validated from time to time," Dean hums, sipping his water slowly.
"Yeah, let's go," Dean agrees, deciding to ignore the uneasy feeling in his gut. It doesn't matter how dedicated Cas is, Sam wouldn't necessarily share everything bad about Dean. Dean hopes not anyway.
Cas tries to shrug it off. "You like it, don't you?" he teases, grinning and poking Dean in the ribs as he slides back into the bed, feeling the solid warmth of Dean against his side. "I think you like a kid's movie, Mr. Mature Adult Too-Cool-For-School College Student." He doesn't know where he picked these phrases up, but they're coming in handy.
He trails off, trying to figure out how to say what he wants to say. "You're his older brother," he finally says. "You're his
Gabriel drags them to his own apartment where the party is already in full swing. Cas turns around to say something to Dean only to discover that he's gone. "Great," he mutters. "Just fantastic."
Dean flushes, trying to think of something to say, but the only thing that pops into his head is "your eyes
Dean thinks about arguing some more, before deciding against it. Sam may possibly have a point, however much he hates it. He's never been good with emotions - well, that's a lie, but living with John Winchester you quickly learn not to have them, it just stuck a bit more firmly with Dean than Sam. Dean leans back against the couch with a sigh, letting his brother know he is still annoyed with him, even if he's doing as he was told.
"Ok, just know that if you need to talk, I'm here," Dean replies, trying to ignore how Cas called their friendship a 'relationship'. He knows it's just how Cas speaks, but it still made his heart excited for no reason.
Dean sighs quietly, raising his eyebrow at Cas' casual confidence. This dude really is just a mystery wrapped in an enigma. One moment he is a dorky guy who lives under a rock, the next he's
Sam pulls his bitchface. "No, you're not a real baby, but you act like one. And you have the emotional health of one. Now chill."
"Alright," Dean agrees, unsure where this change of topic came from, but willing to roll with it. "Are we going to say bye to our brothers, or are we just going to head off?"
“I need you to come home with me and pretend to be my boyfriend until New Year’s,” Cas whines. “Please?”
"Yeah that's perfect," Dean says with a grin, "let's just grab you some jeans and possibly a sweater or two and then get out of here."
Sam's mouth falls slightly open as he realizes what he just said. Sam's entire life, all Dean's ever done was try to take care of him, give him everything he wanted. All Sam's ever done was take advantage of him and how much he cared. Dean didn't talk to Crowley for almost three months after he and Bobby adopted them, and Sam never even thought to ask him why. He is a terrible brother. "Fuck," he whispers. "Dean, I didn't-"
"I'd recommend not," Dean says quickly - possibly too quickly - but that doesn't matter. Cas can't ask Sam, because if he does then Cas will learn the truth about Dean, and even if the earlier fuck up hadn't been enough to scare him off, after a minute of talking with Sam, Cas would be long gone, never to speak to Dean again. Dean can't let that happen.
"Exactly," Dean says, gesturing at their two brothers, "I need help here man." Gabriel smiles, a wicked glint already starting to sparkle in his eyes, "well I can definitely help there. What do you think Cas? Should I tell him about the time with the rabbit? Or the time you got addicted to that TV show?"
"We will help each other," Dean agrees, looking down at his shoes and mumbling, "and I wouldn't be opposed to waking up next to you in the mornings."
Cas opens his arms for Dean to crawl into if he so desires. "You can tell me anything," he promises.
Cas scoffs. He will not stand for this blatant disregard of Dean’s for his own merits. He takes a deep breath and grabs Dean by the front of his shirt, pulling him in and kissing him deeply.
Then Sam brushes it off. "Can we exchange numbers? You're gonna be around him all the time, so I need you to video all the embarrassing shit he does for blackmail." Sam glances around, then lowers his voice. "Actually that's a total fabrication, I need you to keep an eye on him and make sure he's emotionally stable. Every morning and every afternoon you gotta check in, you hear? And I need to know what's going on with him."
Dean laughs, unable to hold it in when Cas is using such a serious tone while he asks about whether his car is his child.
Dean relaxes into the hug for a moment, wishing that he could just stay there for the whole day. He sighs, pulling away regretfully and saying, "bye," before starting to walk to his fist lecture.
"Ok," Dean smiles, trying to figure out what he should say, "I am a secret geek, I love pie more than is probably healthy and…" He considers for a moment admitting that he’s bi, but he hasn't even come out to his family yet, so he really isn’t sure if he’s ready to come out to a random group of brand-new people at a party. "I really like stuff to do with occult and myths."
And... Dean. Cas likes Dean, liked him instantly when they met, and thinks he'll be perfectly happy with Dean as his roommate for the year. Cas likes to say Dean's name, likes the way it sounds, how it feels in his mouth. He isn't sure what he's feeling, but he wonders if it is, as he suspects, the beginning of something more intense than he's experienced before.
"Hey!" Dean says with a grin, "I'm Dean, this is Cas," he points behind him at where Cas is standing.
"Oh, I am so sorry," Gabe said, turning to Dean with a smile, "what do you say? Still want some childhood stories?"
"Nothing," Dean says quickly, trying to breathe through the pain which is only getting worse the longer he tries to ignore it.
Dean takes his clothes into the bathroom, grabbing his toothbrush and saying, "I'll be three minutes, you better be dressed by the time I'm out."
"Here you go, go and try these on," he says, pushing a pair of jeans at Cas before his brain can well and truly collapse.
"Okay, maybe you are that boring," Dean laughs, grabbing his own toothbrush and following Cas into the bathroom.
"What-" Dean starts helplessly. He has no idea where he is is going with his sentence, just like he has no idea what's happening. Cas was saying he thought they would be something. Thought. Past tense. Cas doesn't think they can be something anymore? And he doesn't want to see Dean for the next five months?
"Really," Dean groans in response, and that just shows how out of it he is. He loves karaoke, would normally never turn it down, but right now he just wants to curl up and die and he definitely does not want to go out.
"I hope for their sakes that I never do meet them," Dean says, his voice dripping with hate, "because I can promise you, that wouldn't get out of that alive."
"Doesn't he?" Charlie questions, "because I've seen the two of you together. I thought it was him who was pining after you, not the other way round."
Dean walks into the store, looking around at all the different sections before heading towards the man's section. He quickly glances behind him to make sure Cas is following, he doesn't want to get split up from Cas in the very depths of a clothing store.
"Great," Dean smiles, leading the way out the door and locking the door behind them. He is unable to stop himself from giving Cas a quick look over, but the guy looks good. The jeans show off his legs, and the blue top makes his eyes look even bluer than Dean ever thought possible. It's a good look, made even nice by the fact it's Cas wearing it. He wants to make a joke about how the girls - or boys in this case - will be swooning over Cas, but he can't bring himself to. Not when it's a little too close t Dean's truth, or when the very though of any boy getting any where near Cas makes Dean bristle in what might just be jealousy.
"Do we have to do this in the same house?" Dean asks quickly, "because I would rather not be in the same street as you while you are doing that."
Cas unpacks everything and goes out for a coffee, and when he comes back, the other side of the room is all decorated. There are about a million pictures of two unfairly attractive people (both male-presenting, one with a chiseled jawline and emerald green eyes and one with longer hair and a gorgeous smile) hung around the room. There's one framed photograph of a blonde woman on the desk. Cas wonders if one of those two boys is his roommate, and if so, which one.
"Yeah, I'll call you back Dad," Dean says, waiting until Bobby has said bye to hang up. "What's up?" he asks tiredly, shifting to face Cas.
Sam shrugs. "I gotta talk to a TA. Cas here's brother, apparently. Speaking of which... I should go if I want to catch him soon." He claps Dean on the shoulder. "I love you, man, see you soon."
Sam smiles and kisses the top of Gabriel's head. He loves being taller than his twenty-one-year-old boyfriend. "He will. For sure. But I'll still lay low a while. I wonder where I'll go when I move out."
Cas takes his hand. "I understand if you're disoriented. You're in the hospital, recovering from an appendectomy. I'm covering your hospital bills, so don't worry. Are you feeling alright?"
Cas shrugs. "Alright, if you say so." He moves on to his third slice of pizza. "So, then, tell me about Sam."
Cas chuckles. "I was messing with you. I apologize. I am autistic so my jokes don't always go through."
"If he wanted to talk to me, I would be able to hear more of his voice than just his answering machine."
Cas smiles as he finishes his bite of pancake. "This morning, I discovered that your brother has never felt rested in his life, and I have resolved to fix that."
"And I'll have some chocolate chip waffles please," Gabe chirps, squeezing Sam's hand just because he can.
Cas bites his lip to keep from asking what these words are. Despite the instant connection he felt with Dean, he still wasn't comfortable sharing his, so it stood to reason that Dean wouldn't want to share his either.
"Cas?" Dean asks quietly, pulling away from Cas just far enough that they can talk, but not far enough that they have to stop touching. He's confused, very extremely confused. One moment Cas loves him, then Dean is just a mistake and now he loves him again?
Cas doesn't know why Dean feels responsible for that, but he appreciates it. He smiles. "Well it looks like I've already made one."
"To be fair we did technically just have dinner," Dean points out with a grin, "also you don't get to decide when I go to war. I can go to war whenever I want."
Dean nods. "Yeah, Sammy's sixteenth birthday. Bobby and Crowley took us to get them together. His, if you look real close, has the date inked on it."
Dean watches Cas walk away before shrugging, grabbing a couple more pairs and following him over. He can wait outside while Cas tries the jeans on.
Cas doesn't let go of Dean for a long time, because if he does then he has to face that second huge fuckup. His hands find Dean's lower back and his eyes fall blissfully shut. He relishes in every last second before the explosion he knows is coming. He just waits for it with bated breath, wondering when it will happen.
Gabe turns to Sam, incredibly interested in the answer to this question. They had talked a lot the day before, but not so much about future career plans.
Dean pays as much attention to the road as he can. He wants to look at Cas, feels the need building in his chest, but he doesn't. Because he can't. Because if he looks he won't be able to look away again and that's a very bad idea while driving.
Cas glances around. "Um. Yeah, no, I'm just going to brush my teeth and then you can have the bathroom."
share. He's never told anyone about what was going on, never said it out loud. Anyone who knows was either told by Sam, or was there.
"No ambulance," Dean groans, "I'm fine, I don't have appendicit-" Dean starts, having to cut off when he tries to sit up and a new bolt of pain - more savage and sharp than the other ones - bursts through him.
Cas tries to fight off his smile. "I suppose if that's the only good thing I get out of being stuck in a dorm with you for a year."
"Yes. If you would prefer not to tell me I will respect that, after all, I am your brand-new friend. But I would really like to hear it, if you're interested." Cas cares about him, even though he barely knows him. Something about him is... special, unique,
Dean picks his burger back up, staring at it for a moment before dutifully starting to nibble on it. He's hungry, he knows that, yet somehow even just the small nibble he's taken feels like it's sitting heavy in his stomach and weighing him down.
Cas's smile grew wider. "Talk to Sam... what's your last name? Because this is the first item on my To-Do list."
"Can't leave the car," Dean says, making his voice as pathetic and weak as he can, "I have died, I am brain dead and all my organs have shut down. I tried to warn you, but you didn't believe me."
"See you later," Gabe says with a smile, trying to figure out whether kissing Sam goodbye is worth the risk of death which doing it in front of Dean would bring. Eventually, he decides he probably best not. Dean and Cas are only just getting used to it – hell, he and Sam are only just getting used to it! – so he best not push.
"My fault," Cas admits. "And no, it's not, and mine is bigger, but that's not important right now." His arm is still around Dean's waist as he turns to look at Dean. "What's important is the fact that I can see your ribcage through your shirt and you look like Sam's been
Dean glares at him. "I hate it when you take away all of my reasoning to be mad at your life choices."
Dean breathes a sigh of relief. Cas isn't acting like anything weird has happened, so he thinks he can relax slightly. His weird zone out doesn't seem to have made things awkward.
"What? No!" Dean says quickly. And it isn't, if he'd rebalanced and pulled away from Lisa quicker, then none of this was have happened.
Dean’s smile doesn’t falter at all, but something dies behind his eyes, some door slamming shut in his mind, perhaps. And as Castiel walks past him to drape his half-frozen coat by the fire, he thinks he must feel a gust of cold wind emanating from his friend. He’s sure he imagined it, but it almost seems the same cold that whips the wind around him outside, the same cold that birthed the miniature icicles clinging to the fur lining of his coat and that fogged up all the windshields on the line of cars outside.
"Let's go," Dean agrees with a smile, walking away from the car and towards the center of town. They had parked nearby, so they only have a short walk towards the shopping section.
"Onion and pineapple? On pizza?" Dean asks, trying to keep his tone neutral and hide any and all disgust. But seriously? Who eats pineapple on pizza? Or onion on pizza? Never mind them together?
"Nerd," Dean responds as seriously as he can, nodding his head and trying his best to keep a straight face.
"Ha," Dean laughs, "you don't even know his last name, good luck finding him now!" This is perfect. Cas can't find out how awful Dean is, if he can't find Sam. And he can't find Sam unless he - shit. They are in college. It won't be too hard to find a last name out, especially a roommate's last name. Dean will just have to hope Cas' rock extends into finding surnames.
Sam smacks him just on the hard side of friendly and stands up. "Well since you refuse to help me help you I'm gonna go hang out with my boyfriend."
Cas opens the door and sits down in the passenger seat, unable to refrain from admiring Dean's profile while he isn't watching. "Are you okay?"
"Because you made out with a random girl at a random party immediately following a much steamier makeout session with him. And he's autistic. And he has no idea how to read social cues."
"You pranked Lucifer?" Dean laughs, "now I really want to hear what happened. How do you even prank the devil?"
"Wait," Dean says, stopping his laughing for just a moment for clarity sake, "you wrote gay fanfiction, about a character, who was based off you?" he asks, just to be sure he is understanding this right.
"Come on then," Dean says with a smile, "we should probably head off as well. Any plans for the rest of the day?"
Cas swallows hard again. "Um. My oldest brother Michael took over when our father died. He treats us like garbage. He's beaten me more than a few times. And I idolized him my whole life, and he's never cared. He has control of my father's entire inheritance - well over a million dollars - and refuses to share a dime with me to pay for college because he thinks my field isn't worth pursuing."
. He can't think properly. If he says anything else he'll probably fuck it all up. He wasn't good at communicating in the first place.
"Yes you did, and I said it back," Dean points out, "what else could you possibly have to say, more earth shattering than that, which will ruin everything that matters?"
"...so then she says she's got a boyfriend, stands up, and leaves! Leaves her jacket behind and everything, her shirt's still hanging off one shoulder and her camisole is ripped." She turns to Cas and Dean. "Heya! I'm Charlie."
Dean gasps, clutching a hand over his heart as he pretends to be wounded, "Sam! How could you! After all I've done!"
Dean frowns, getting more and more concerned at what Gabe is talking about. Something is going on, and he really hopes Cas passes on the information, because if he doesn't find out his is not going to be pleased. He doesn't interrupt, planning to wait unto Cas is finished with the phone call to ask what's happening.
They sing the chorus together, staring at each other like the rest of the world doesn’t exist. When they finish, the entire bar is silent, and then it bursts into applause. Cas grins at Dean amid the shower of noise, biting his lip. “Why- why this?” Dean asks. “This feels like a bad romcom.” Cas shrugs.
Dean stares up at Cas, a blush steadily spreading across his face, "that was extremely rude," he mutters after a moment, getting his feet back underneath him and quickly standing back up, trying to hide how flustered he now is.
Dean glared at the floor, not saying anything. He didn't have anything to use to defend himself, but that doesn't mean he wanted all his problems laid out on the table.
Dean gasps a bit, the stitches in his side pulling as he bounces on the bed from the drop. "Dude!" he says, trying to ignore how strong Cas must be to so easily be able to carry him all the way here and not seem tired from it, "I literally just got let out of hospital!"
"Save it," Dean snaps, standing. "At least now I know what you really think of me. Have fun at Thanksgiving, Sammy, and give Dad and Pops my regards." He slides out of the booth and walks away. Cas stares after him.
And yet, Sam manages it. Sam manages to be nothing like their biological father. It's just Dean. He really never will be anything other than dad's good little soldier.
Cas laughs as he steps into the bathroom to brush his teeth, leaving the door open so he can continue to talk to Dean. "I have herbal supplements," he informs his new friend. "Melatonin that helps with sleep."
"Tell me about yourself," Cas suggests as they eat. "Where are you from? What do you enjoy? What's your family like?"
Dean can barely his back laughter, whether at Cas' face or at the fact Cas is a nerd, he isn't sure yet, "you are in the fandom of your own father's books?"
"Six inches too far Cas," Dean says, trying to keep a straight face and a serious voice, despite how cute Cas looks when he rolls his eyes. Wait? What? Cas isn't cute. Damn it, Dean is meant to be avoiding thoughts like this, even if Cas is his soulmate, there isn't a future for them. No point getting any hopes up or anything.
Dean frowns again, before slowly saying, "Have you two? Is that why Cas is saying you're an untrustworthy asshole?" He can feel anger dancing inside him, but he pushes it down, he doesn't know that it's true.
"I can't tell if you are saying that because you think I'm questioning it, or because whatever lies in your house is going to make me question it."
Dean allows himself to be manhandled down, allowing Cas' touch and his taste to be like a drug and block out everything else. He knows that if Cas regrets this again, it's going to break Dean even more than before, but he couldn't stop himself even if he wanted to. He loves Cas, and he will take what he can get.
He wants to say something. He wants to tell Dean that he knows, but he can't do it. "If you want to do something else, feel free," he adds.
"Okay," Dean says, picking up his phone. That was not where he expected this to be going, but then again what had he expected? Cas to say it was a mistake and he actually did like him? Yeah right, Cas liking him was the mistake there. He grabbed his phone, opening the voicemails and seeing that Cas was right, one unopened voice mail.
"Almost," Cas yells back from the other side of the door. When he walks out about ten seconds later, Dean has to remind himself that wolf whistling is not an appropriate reaction. Even if it seems like an accurate one.
"Morning bro," Gabe replies, raising an eyebrow at the apparent shoving match, but not saying anything.
"I'm not a teenage girl," Dean complains, but he instinctively knows it's pointless. He also knows - as much as he hates to admit it - that Sam has a point. He's had barely any appetite ever since Cas left and he may not want to believe it's any kind of disorder, it is definitely not healthy.
Cas wraps his arms around Dean's neck and they stay there until someone comes up onto the stage and clears their throat. Cas pulls away, looking at them with his face flushed, and nods. They join their brothers.
Dean smiles back, trying to avoid the hard swallow Cas' smile causes him to need. Cas is absolutely adorable. He is beautiful and adorable and dorky and just-
"Hmmmm," Dean starts, thinking through what he wants today, "I think I'll get Pepperoni, ham, sausage and extra cheese," he decides. Today is a meaty kind of day.
"I literally just walked in here. After you guys. I wanted to let you know Papa and Dad are leaving."
Dean leaves his eyes closed, content to just listen to the quiet sounds around him, and the sound of Cas saving his Baby. If he wasn't already well and truly in love, he seriously would be by now.
Dean stares after Cas, with absolutely no idea what just happened but a sinking feeling that he doesn't want to know. "I'm going to go catch up with him," Dean says hesitantly, already following after Cas before he's even finished speaking.
Cas sighs heavily. He hadn't realized how nervous he'd been that Dean would be angry. "Alright. Well as soon as they decide you're fit for release I can drive you back home. Congrats on your appendectomy."
When Dean starts worrying his lip and blinking rapidly, Cas knows something's going on. Dean would never admit to being in pain, but he still has tells. "Dean? What's wrong?"
"Yeah," Dean agrees before laughing, "I always find that weird you know, that we can count a college apartment as home. You spend a couple of weeks in a place, and suddenly it's just as much a home as a place you've spent years in." He laughs again before saying, "sorry that was really random."
"Cas," Dean says, his voice a mixture of awe and shock, "you stayed there, waiting for me? Who even are you?"
"Ok," Dean says, pushing the door open and walking in. He dumps the clothes he just changed out of onto his bed and tries to avoid giving Cas a once over. "Right then, let's go."
Sam slivers down in his seat slightly, avoiding Dean's angry gaze but refusing to apologize. He kind of feels bad about lying, but not enough to apologize. His sex life is none of Dean's business.
"Ok, I wasn't planning on going out anyway. I'm thinking about watching a movie, I'll go on my computer and use earphones so I don't distract you from your book."
“So much,” Cas laughs. “It is quite odd, no one had any interest in cocoa powder or milk or marshmallows or ham or other Christmas-related ingredients this year, they had so very much of it.”
"Well at least I have a safety net," Gabe says, "then again, I'm fairly sure that as a witness or whatever, you wouldn't be able to be my lawyer."
Sam snorts as he punches his number into the phone. "Yeah. He's got... he's got shit, man. Not my place to say what, 'specially considering I barely know you, but he's got shit and he's had me checking in on him since I could talk. Without me around he's going to need
"I'm fairly sure all of those things count as times I fucked up," Dean grins, suddenly realizing why this guy is his soul mate.
Dean laughed, "what about a -" he thought for a moment, trying to think of the most random and unlikely nerd imaginable, "a nerd nerd? Like, is there anyone in your family who is a fan girl or boy?"
Cas gently strokes his hair, soothing him into sleep. When Dean's breathing evens out, he brushes his lips across Dean's temple and curls around him, quickly falling asleep himself.
"No, you had your reasons for going, so you left. You shouldn't make your decisions based on how it would effect me."
Dean pulls into the parking lot of In 'N' out, smiling as he turns baby's engine off, the clock says they are a couple of minutes early, and Dean funds his thoughts drifting to how nice it would be to just sit here with Cas - with his soulmate - and wait for Gabe to arrive, just enjoying each others company and listening to music. If only there was a future for them.
Dean picks at the blanket, thinking. He's tired and wants to go to sleep, and if he can't then he needs to pay attention to the movie. Instead, he's paying attention to the gap between him and Cas and feeling the void within him opening up even more the longer they spend not touching. He holds his breath for a moment, shifting ever so slightly so that he can feel Cas' warmth against his side.
Cas walks around the front and takes his hand, gently leading him up the stairs to their apartment. "Oh," he says eloquently when he opens the door. "You really weren't kidding. Have you eaten at all?"
"Not really," Cas replies. "I'm not exactly a busy person, I don't know if you've noticed that yet."
. Sure, he was still jumpy, he still is now, but that was the turning point. "I'm not sure if that is top of the list of achievements, but it's pretty high up."
"No it's fine, don't cancel on my account," Dean says, "I'll be fine, you go meet with your brother."
Cas nods and kisses him hard, hands moving down Dean's body to his waist. "Just a warning, never done this before," he breathes. "So be prepared for inexperience."
," Cas repeats, pulling Dean all the way up onto his bed. "Just- stop talking. I don't have the brainpower to listen to you talk."
"Oh yeah," Dean says slowly, "Sorry, I must have forgotten. Does that mean you don't actually want to do this? Because if you don't then we'll stop."
"I'm fine," Cas says, forcing the fake smile he learned from Dean onto his face. "Let's just watch the movie."
Dean wakes slowly. He hears Cas say something and the words register in his mind before he's even opened his eyes. Cas regrets it. He must do. Dean lays there, keeping his breathing even and his eyes closed as though if he keeps pretending to be asleep, he'll wake up and this will have never happened. Cas wouldn't regret what they did.
"So you've told us," Dean replies. "In other news, the sky is blue, water is wet, and I have a big dick. Let's move on."
Cas lifts one hand to Dean's chin and rubs his thumb over the stubble there. "Don't shave," he tells Dean, and then he pulls Dean down and brings their lips together hard. The applause gets louder.
This is terrible. This means two things, two horrible, life-ruining things. A. Dean Winchester, his roommate, is also his soulmate. B. Castiel Novak is in love with one Dean Winchester.
"You ok?" Dean asks. He knows that it's probably a dangerous conversation to get started, but Cas seems so sad, and he can't just ignore him.
"Ok," Dean says slowly, feeling the change in the mood of the room, but unable to figure out what caused it, "well you enjoy that."
"Really? What do you pay attention to then?" he asks, trying to figure out why Cas always joins him watching movies if not for the movies.
Dean laughs. They conversation had just turned straight into the odd zone and he can't help it. Cas just sounds so serious all the time, even when he's saying that going to the nearest town makes sense.
Dean gives up on blinking his tears back as soon as the door clicks shut. He flips over so he can bury his head in the pillow, and just cries. He finally thought he found someone who cared about him, someone who could even love him, and he messed it up. He still doesn't know what he did, but he hates himself for it. He ruins everything, apparently a soulmate is just another one to add to the list.
"Technically illegal," Dean reminds him. "I get up in your business because you make dumbass decisions like this!"
Dean frowns, well there goes acting normal. "Ok, I'll just go say bye to them," he mutters, practically sprinting out the door and down to find his parents. There is no way in Hell he's staying with Sam and Cas after
"Don't worry about her," Dean says, seeing the question Cas is about to ask, "we'll go and see if we can find anyone else to make friends with." His brain helpfully supplies
Dean gasps, his brain jumping into overdrive as it tries to figure out whether he should kiss back or pull away. On one hand, this is Cas. This is his soulmate. On the other hand, he isn't Cas' soulmate. Cas has some lucky guy out there, just waiting for Cas to turn up.
"Ok," Dean says, patting Cas on the shoulder before getting into line, grabbing his card out to buy Cas' new clothes.
"I don't think anything you count as a problem could count as stupid," Dean replies with an easy smile, "you don't seem to think that being stuck with me is a problem, so clearly all your problems must be huge."
"Ok yeah, that happened," Dean agrees, "but that wasn't a bonding moment or anything, that was just me realizing you really are as boring as you seem to think you are, at certain times and your knowledge of herbs is one of those times."
"Is it really?" Dean asks mildly. "Last time I paid attention to the date was when Cas texted me 'happy birthday'."
"No, I-" Cas sighs. He knows that Dean knows now, and that Dean doesn't care, but these are the moments that being on the spectrum really gets to him. He usually doesn't mind so much, but when he's trying to say something important or he's inadvertently offending people, it bothers him. "I like. Comedies. Also."
"Yes. Gabriel." Cas smiles at his friend. "Money does not make up for psychological abuse. You still have my permission to murder Michael if you so choose."
even is. "Anyway," Dean says, deciding that a topic change is in order, “what's your favorite pie flavor?" It is a very important question after all, it isn't like he can be friends with someone who doesn't like pie.
Cas straddles Dean, not particularly aiming for sex but not opposed to it either, and kisses him like it's the only thing that matters. He can barely breathe but he doesn't care, he just wants more of Dean.
There is something wrong in Dean’s mind, Cas decides, or perhaps in his life. He can’t quite be sure which. But something is wrong, and it’s tearing Dean apart. There’s a pain, a dull numbness that neither of them can escape. They feed each other, constantly tugging, pulling, begging to be freed. But this rope pulls them back to themselves every time, keeps them tethered to each other.
Cas slows. "That would be wonderful," he breathes. He points at one on Dean's shoulder. It's some sort of dragon or something, twisting around the base of his neck with the letters SJW on it. Slightly smaller, underneath, it says DMW.
"That's not necessarily a bad thing," Dean assures, "if everyone were social butterflies, then the world would be a loud, annoying place."
"I'm glad to hear that," Dean says with a smile, "thank goodness you have one family member who doesn't need murdering."
Cas's brow furrows. "He was homophobic," he says slowly. It's not a question. For an autistic kid, he's pretty good at reading into Dean's subtext.
Dean feels all the tension in his body slip away the second Cas curls up next to him. They aren't even properly touching yet, and Dean is already like putty just from being near Cas. He can already tell he's screwed. But now is not the time for thinking about that, now is the time for just reveling in the feeling, and worrying about it tomorrow.
"Ok," Dean says before frowning, "wait, who are you having lunch with?" he asks, assuming that Cas wouldn't be hurrying to a dinner on his own. Maybe he was? After all, Dean had only met him that day.
Dean looks nervously between his brother and the half-eaten burger, before slowly picking it back up. The first bite is hard, the second makes him feel like he's going to burst, the third makes him feel like he's half a second away from throwing up his guts, but he keeps it down.
"When I was 15 I managed to break my arm by falling down the stairs," he says, "I had no reason to fall down the stairs, my foot just slipped while I was distracted by my phone."
Cas is already bustling around the room when Dean wakes up. He smiles as Dean groans and tosses an arm over his head. "Good morning, Dean," he says fondly. "Did you sleep well?"
"What is it?" Cas asks, noticing the hesitance on Dean's face, "is there a reason we shouldn't go back to our apartment?"
By the time Dean walks out the bathroom - after staring at the words on his arm for a worryingly long amount of time, Cas has gotten him thinking is all - Cas is asleep. He looks so peaceful and Dean can't stop the smile which spills over his face. "Night Cas," he whispers, climbing under the covers and closing his eyes, allowing himself to drift off to sleep.
When they pull into the parking lot, Sam turns around in his chair and meets Dean's eyes. "Hey. You okay?"
"Nice to meet you," Cas says with a slightly strained smile. He really is awful at the whole 'new people' thing. After how easy it is to talk to Dean, he'd almost forgotten how difficult it actually is. "Why are you staying?"
Dean feels himself blushing, the very thought of Cas doing anything to make him laugh making him smile and making his cheeks redden.
"Yeah, I can agree that having a moping brother in the house would reduce the enjoyment of any celebratory sex. You win this one, I suppose."
Dean sighs, following Cas out to the hall and towards the overenthusiastic bubbliness of Sam's soulmate. If it wasn't for Sam, Dean would probably try and duck out of this party, but it is, and he needs to be there to celebrate with his brother.
"I am... 'decent'," Cas says, trying to refrain from doing the air quotes. Dean always ridicules him for them.
"Good point," Dean agrees with a nod of his head, "come on then, are we watching the baby movie or not?" he asks, his tone teasing and light.
Cas raises one eyebrow. He'd known Dean was attracted to him, but... wow. "Yes, they fit very well," he says pleasantly.
"Really? What did you think would happen before you got here? Also please don't tell me you only started kissing me because you thought I wanted it."
"John Mulaney as well," Dean says with a grin, "and there I was thinking you liked under a rock, you're a lot more cultured than I gave you credit for."
Cas can almost read his whole thought process on his face. "We'll see. Maybe I'll be his soulmate. Maybe then we'll
Cas finishes his phone call, rubbing his eyes, and tosses Dean's phone back on his bed. "You're fine, now. The money's coming straight out of my account, your car won't be affected at all."
Cas nods, shoving Dean down underneath himself. He doesn't know what they're doing but he loves Dean and he loves this and he wants to keep going until Dean inevitably pulls away from him and tells him he was wrong.
"Hey," Dean says, not looking up from his phone. He knows that his eyes are probably still a little bit raw, and there is no point letting Cas know about that.
Gabe grins, looking at the retreating backs of their brothers as they walk around the corner and vanish form view, "something tells me we will know sooner rather than later."
The waiter returned with Dean's coffee, which Dean accepted with a smile and a quiet "thank you," before reburying himself into his stack of pancakes, happy to just sit with his new friend, brother and Gabriel, and eat his breakfast.
Dean sighs once more, glaring suspiciously at Gabe before turning to Cas, "he's your brother," he says simply, "can I trust him to keep an eye on my brother?"
"You know that thing apparently has weird side effects," Gabe says with a grin, "sometimes it's fine, sometimes people claim that you can end up with depression, headaches, dizziness, the works."
Dean turns around in his seat to look at Cas, "what?" he asks, "have I missed something? Because I can't remember any bonding moments."
Gabe nodded, "and also for apparently trying to ignore both of the aforementioned facts." Dean glared even harder down at the table, absentmindedly scratching at his inner arm. Maybe he was an idiot for falling in love with Cas, but the soulmate thing wasn't the problem here. Not that he could just say that because that would mean spilling that Cas was his soulmate. And that was not going to happen.
Cas looks down in shame. "I don't have any money, Dean, besides what I've saved up to buy food. As I said before, I am paying for college entirely on my own. I don't have much extra money after tuition."
"Ok," Dean says, wracking his brains to figure out what news Cas could have possibly got between the shop and the car, "do you think it's going to end up as good news?"
"No, no, everything's fine," Dean says, looking down so he doesn't have to make eye contact, "just realizing something." He wonders a moment about whether he should tell Cas what's happening, but decides that's a bad idea. There is no way Cas could ever like him back, and there is no point making things awkward.
Cas snorted as he unlocked the door to their room. "Now, don't go getting all philosophical on me when we've barely known each other two hours. I need to-" He turned around and came chest-to-chest with someone new - the tall, beautiful one from the photographs. "Would you look at that, I've found the infamous brother. That wasn't so hard. Hello, I'm Castiel, Dean's roommate."
