Once the mess was cleaned up he turned on the tv, keeping it at a low volume for Tony's sake.  Steve put on animal planet. He rarely watched the news. It was all so political now. He enjoyed nature documentaries. Wild Russia was on. It seemed to be a marathon. Six episodes an hour each it should keep him occupied. Before he could enjoy them he had to make a call.
A fact that caused a tinge of annoyance. Tony watched as the omega left. He took a seat. Tony, so wanted to hear that perfect breathtaking moan again. His inner alpha scratched angrily against his mind at the idea of Steve leaving him. Tony unsuccessfully tried shaking it away. He took the large packet of papers from his suitcase and placed it on the table.
Joseph Louis Barrow, best known as Joe Louis was an American professional boxer who competed from 1934 to 1951. He reigned as the world heavyweight champion from 1937 to 1949 and is considered to be one of the greatest heavyweight boxers of all time.
The conversation was easy. He didn’t expect it to be that way. Steve looked at the table. He’d eaten all the donuts. Steve blushed.
Rune sensed Piper needed space. What made Uncle Steve and Uncle Tony so angry at each other? They seemed so happy.
Tony was yanked onto the couch. Steve nuzzled against his neck purring loudly. They stayed huddled together. Eventually moving to the bedroom.  Steve was out as soon as he hit the mattress. Tony couldn't sleep. He looked up pregnancy books.
A beta in his late forties or early fifties stood at the table. His brown hair was neatly combed. His gray-blue eyes were friendly. The man was dressed in a black suit. He wasn’t one of the trainees. Steve nodded.
Winter took off his shirt. He sat in front of her on the floor. Cuts of different lengths and depths spotted him. Piper didn’t remember any of the alphas using knives.
Steve was forced to ground, a blade pointed at his stomach. He slammed it away. Steve quickly checked for any harm before getting to his feet.
Rune and Piper were lying in the grass, enjoying the sun against their skin. She’d never take it for granted again. Her ears perked up when a car came down the driveway. They climbed up the playground to get a better look at just who was coming. The driver’s car gave nothing away about who the person was. It was some kind of Hyundai.
“How?” If it was some kind of scientific experiment, Piper would have a better chance of understanding what was going on. What that power was.
He backed off, yanking the knife from his leg. His hand covered the bleeding wound. She was clutching her side. He took his eyes off her, she wasn’t a threat anymore. She was more hurt than he was. A weight hit him square in the gut. He fell backward. She jumped on top of him, pressing the weight against his chest. It became more and more difficult to breathe.
The alpha settled against him after what felt like hours. Tony's expression slowly softened as he fell into a deeper sleep.
“There’s a shawarma joint about two blocks away from here. I don’t know what it is but I want to try it,” said Tony.
That was enough. Winter didn’t need to know more. He’d already too far pushed the limits of his restrictions Winter stuffed a gag in Smith’s mouth. He was the reason the pup would be put through hell. The reason that innocent little girl would be turned into a monster like him. Winter’s skill was in the efficiency with which he killed. But he was also well versed in torture. His methods were dependent on the confines of his mission. Winter would take his time with this bastard, make him suffer in every way possible.
"You shouldn't be apologizing to me. He was lucky to have you there. Do you need me to come over?" asked Rhodes.
George pulled his arms back. The reveal seemed to give him more headway with Rune than with Piper. That was only due to instinct. Alphas were meant to sympathize and pity omegas who had been injured. Protecting an omega was in Rune’s DNA. But George didn't have that advantage with Piper.
The next morning he woke before. Tony modified the gym so it could meet his level of exercise. He went to the kitchen. Tony was there only wearing a towel.
Tony pressed his nose into Steve’s neck, breathing in his scent. He pulled Steve close but couldn’t sleep. Steve fell asleep, using his chest as a pillow. He carefully slid away from his mate. Steve whined in his sleep. He leaned over the edge of the couch, running his fingers through Steve’s hair. He went to the lab and started working on his most recent designs.
“Are you the one who made me fight?” Rune told her of an older alpha watching over the fight. Could this be him?
Tony went in without hesitation. His heart ached, seeing powerful omega so broken. Natasha instantly stood up, giving him her seat by Steve's bed, leaving without a word. He caressed Steve’s cheek. “My sweet omega."
“Yet it feels like I’ve known you for years. You can’t say you didn’t feel a connection when we first touched,” said Steve.
“Jarvis,” he whispered. They tucked the pups into bed. “I’ll stay with them. You have a call to make.”
Steve showered off the lingering scents of Tony and his most recent interaction. From the bathroom, he heard Rhodes. He'd been hoping Rhodes have left by the time he finished in the shower. Steve force himself out of the bathroom and into the kitchen. He took the seat next to Tony. The alpha still smelled strongly their previous interaction.
Tony woke an hour later. Steve’s arms were firmly wrapped around his waist. He tried breaking free, but Steve's hold only tightened. There was no escaping. If he tried again, he risked waking the omega. That was a danger in itself. A screen appeared in front of him, and he started working on another suit design.
“I think so. You didn’t see the notes she was working on. And even if it's only for a few months, at least she willing to try. Maybe we should take her to the New York Ballet when she’s ready.”
Piper woke up a few hours later, knowing she wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep. But she gave it a try anyway, only to toss and turn for several wasted minutes.
"I would have remembered that." Piper believed him. Rune would gain nothing from lying. He seemed equally curious about her.
“Only for now. Different handlers will be introduced to her programing in time. You can understand the need for limiting access to such an asset."
She smiled. Tony sat down with on the pink fluffy blanket beside Piper and built a block tower with her. Blocks, Legos, Lincoln logs anything she could build with; she never lost interest in them. Piper handed him Plats.
He was yanked into a kiss. Steve melted into it, letting Tony hold him. He whined when it broke. Tony backed away before he could nuzzle against his neck.
After two hours she showed signs of waking up. Her eyes opened slightly before she cuddled back into his chest. Winter tensed when she made a soft fluttering sound.
Steve moved to his husband, kissing him. Tony reached for him, bringing him close, his arms wrapped tightly around his waist, keeping him there. The alpha's tongue crept into his mouth. He purred, his hands wandering Tony's form. Slick dampened his underwear. He moaned as Tony's teeth scraped against his neck. They froze when Piper stirred.
She fell limply to the ground. Blood dripped from her forehead and nose. He waited for her to get up. It couldn't be that easy. She'd been holding back too. He just knew it.
There was a slight widening to Lena's eyes. Natasha noted the reaction. Piper’s disappearance had been in the news for months now. It shouldn’t have caused that reaction. It was something, but no something that was sound enough to move on.
Steve slowly got off the alpha lap and out of the tub. He wrapped a towel around his waist. The floor was soaked. He’d cracked the tub in his pleasure. First the shower tiles now the tub. Tony got out of the tub.
He walked into his home, metal arms disarming him as he moved. Loki followed after him. He seemed to have gained his curiosity for the moment.
With some effort, he managed to pick the omega. They moved down the path as fast as possible. By the time they made it to the quinjet Steve’s breathing was stronger, but he was still bleeding. Clint and Natasha locked him in the hyperbaric chamber. They had to get him to the nearest S.H.I.E.L.D. The nearest facility was in Brazil.
Tony worked Steve’s sweet spot mercilessly, causing the omega to writhe underneath him. The sight, the sound, the touch, was all too much. Pleasure drove him to bite, marking the omega. In the hazy seconds after he vaguely sensed teeth sinking into his shoulder. He gradually left wonderful fog. Steve lay underneath him, catching his breath.
Tony grunted, pushing into thrusting into his omega. Never wanting to leave the tight wet heat enclosing around him. Together they set a brutal, punishing rhythm. They were both close. With a final deep thrust knot locked in place. Roaring in the omega's ear as he reached release.
He hadn’t sleep last night. For once, his restlessness wasn't due to nightmares or stress, but energy. He had too much of it. Instead, Steve spent the night running laps. Hours of running earned him less than an hour of sleep. He craved activity.
From outside, Steve and Tony heard someone stumbling through the window. Steve broke down the door. The room was draped in plastic. Duck-taped to an armchair was a beaten corpse, its features too swollen to be distinguishable.
“I’ll be teaching you chemistry, physics, biology, and math. Each class lasting about an hour maybe more depending on your understanding. Additionally, every day you’ll have an added private session, with me, for an hour. The schedule will change as needed. Winter is in charge of teaching you combat skills and other tools of the trade,” said Lena.
“If you don’t want all the fuss. We can go to Vegas and get hitched,” said Tony. Steve glared at him. “So that’s no."
Tony joined his family. He watched as they slept. There was no urge to leave in favor of his lab. He could stay like this for hours.
His muscles were tight. He didn’t know what to do. There was a child sleeping on his chest! It was ridiculous. It took an hour but he finally managed to relax. His eyes started closing at 24:00.
She walked passed them, going to Maria. Raising her arms up to Maria, asking to be picked up. The beta did not want to reject the child and so picked her up. Piper nuzzled closely, warmly embracing her.
"It's difficult to say. None of the parts are truly unique and all had multiple uses. I'm having Jarvis compile a list of buyers. Maybe Natasha will have more for us. But we’ll have to give her time,” said Tony.
Tony bit his lip. He couldn't take Steve. The press would get wind of this if they hadn't already. Exposing to Steve to that level of attention when he was so vulnerable.
Steve’s coat and shoes were still here. He was running around New York barefoot in winter. The idea tugged painfully at him. His omega hated the cold.
His eyes locked on a familiar figure. Alpha! He couldn’t purr or cry for his alpha’s comfort, because of the tube down his throat. But he didn't need to ask the alpha was providing comfort freely. He still wanted it out. Steve reached for it, but his arm was gently pushed down.
Someone showed him to the office, he didn’t know who. At this point, Steve was just following strangers, he was in such a fog. He’d caused this.
The pup didn't listen. When she tried tearing it off an electric current coursed through her. She jolted uncomfortably. But it was best for her to learn.
He took a pen from the counter and placed it in the palm of her hand. She grabbed it. When he tried taking it away he was met by unexpected resistance. She grew fussy and threw the pen across the room. It lodged in the wall.
The door opened. Piper instantly grabbed Winter’s hand. He pulled her behind him. Lena was in a yellow, button-down dress. Piper had stopped caring what the woman wore. It never gave her any leads and only served to make her more confused.
Jarvis turned on the water. It took a few seconds for it to reach the perfect temp. When she felt clean, she wrapped a towel around herself and scurried to her room. Relieved at the feel of fresh, clean clothes against her skin. Piper stripped the bed, tossing the dirty sheet and PJs down the laundry shoot.
Winter waited for the pup in their room. He hated it when she was out of range of his care. The pup returned with the doctor. He sent a hateful glare at Lena before focusing on the pup. She was unharmed. Winter waited for Lena to leave before approaching the pup, checking her over for injuries.
"Fine." He grudgingly took the pup from his make, bringing her to his chest. Trying his best to ignore the comforting sensation. After five minutes he moved her away. The confusion was written in her expression. He handed her off to Tony. “That should hold her for now."
Natasha simply arched one her elegant eyebrows. She followed Steve's gaze, snagging the object before he could. Her eyes widened at what she'd caught. A positive pregnancy test.
“You’ve been painting,” said Tony. The omega’s hands were stained with different shades of faded blue and black.
“Steve is the best person to discuss this situation. This is more his world than mine. I wouldn’t know what to do,” said Pepper.
Tony didn't follow. Getting home was the only thing on his mind after leaving the hospital. He wanted to tell Steve that but doubted the omega would listen. That reporter got under his skin and made him snap.
Tony sped down the road, reading over the file as he went. His thoughts traveled to Happy. The man had been swept up in this mess. The corner of the page broke his thought. It was MIA it was AIM. He called Rhodes.
It was thin, but he didn't want Tony near this. That would only fuel whatever this was. He wanted his mate safe, but Tony seemed to be rushing headfirst into danger. What was he trying to prove?
“Steve.” This time he got a response. Steve met his gaze, but he still wasn’t there. “Can I touch you?”
“Piper has entered the muted stage of her and is now asleep. Sir is afraid of waking her,” said Jarvis.
“Wow, possessive alpha tone never heard that from you. I could comment on Pep’s legs and you wouldn’t give the same response,” said Rhodes.
"No, I'm fine on my own, but if I need you, I'll tell Jarvis." Before she could leave, Papa kissed her on the forehead.
Commitment wasn't an easy topic to approach with Tony, at least of this magnitude. This wasn’t something as simple as moving in.
Dr. George Wong waited outside his office for the Black Widow. A sleek black car pulled forward. Its black tinted windows rolled down.
The woman pulled up a chair and sat down a few feet away from the glass, completely calm and open, as if to say that this situation was perfectly normal. That pretense of normality scared Piper all the more. She tightly clutched Theodore’s pant leg.
“Spill it,” said Tony. Personally, he wanted to kill the man. To get out some of the pent up aggression. No, he would save it for Killian. He would be the target of his rage.
He had to keep her safe. Winter’s body ached with effort as it fought against Lena’s order. It felt as if his mind were fracturing under the strain. Never had he done this. Resisted. Never
Steve nodded. The drive was quiet, he was grateful for. His head was aching. He only experienced such things when he was approaching his heat. Motrin or other preheat medicines didn't work on him. He climbed up the steps to the jet. Steve braced himself against the entrance.
“I know, but my hands are tied. She claims they were threatening her family. We can't disprove that. If I had an ID from the Stark girl, I could proceed. I trust you'll be able to get that."
"I'm going to shower," he said. He waited for the alpha to ask to join him, but he went into the kitchen. Steve showered.
Steve's hold on him loosened enough for him to get free. He filled a glass of water leaving on the floor Steve. In the kitchen was Dr. Star she was gentle round-faced omega. He didn't know what he was expecting but it wasn't that. She quickly shook his hand.
It was as if she’d dump bucket cold water on him. The thought hadn't crossed his mind. They always made it out the other side. It was rare for alpha omega couples to divorce. Usually, it only happened in cases of abuse or infidelity.
"Please don't tell me there a twelve-year-old kid waiting in the car out there. That I've never met," said Tony.
They got into one of the cars. To Steve, they all looked the same. All low to the ground sports cars meant for speed, not functionality. It was a long drive to Howard's estate.
Tony set her down by her miniature work desk and placed the leftover pieces in front of her. From the top shelf, he took a sticker and glitter-encrusted toolbox filled it with spare tools and old ones he never used. Tucked into that sparkling box was the screwdriver from Malibu.
Steve bit his lip. He’d never slept over at an alpha’s place when not in heat. His mother taught him it was improper to do such a thing.
"Have you ever had a chick straddling and you look up and she's suddenly glowing from the inside out? Kinda a bright orange.”
The day passed smoothly; around ten, Steve fell asleep in his nest. Tony managed to doze off about an hour later. He woke with a start, only hours later. His heart raced in his chest. He couldn't breathe! A pair of hands gently cupped his face, touching their foreheads together. He focused on a pair of blue eyes. It took a few seconds for him to focus in on their bond. It brought him back. His heart rate calmed.
She continued on. The sounds of Papa rapidly hitting a punching bag traveled down the hallway. She kept close to the wall as she moved. Papa had left the gym door open. She couldn't help looking in. Piper had seen Papa exercising before, but this seemed different. It was more aggressive. She could scent his distress.
Steve showered and brushed his teeth. He didn’t feel like putting on real clothes. Tony had given him a second drawer. It was filled with comfy clothes. Steve put on a pair of plaid sleeping pants. He didn’t want to know how much Tony spent on them. Steve slid a sweater over his head. It was so soft against his skin. He walked into the kitchen. While Tony caught up on sleep he would make breakfast. After last night Tony deserved a break.
"I look forward to getting to know the person behind the shield," said Tony. He wanted to see if there was a flaw in that golden boy persona.
He smiled. It was never Uncle James or Rhodes. It was always Rhodey. The smell of pizza and birthday cake filled the air.
Barny was a pleasant beta. A beta he wouldn't have second thoughts about being around if it weren't for his profession. "I'm sure of that, but you're not my friend. I'm your patient that changes the dynamic. Physically, you can't beat me, but you have the power to ruin me."
Steve grabbed a bottle of Advil from the medicine cabinet. He filled a glass with water. Tony swallowed the pills dry. He drank heavily from the glass.
"You've got it bad." Laughing when he looked down apparently more interested in floors. “Steve, your inner omega is what you can trust most. It only seeks to do what’s best for you. Let it do that. Mine has never lead me astray. There’s a reason your instincts lead you to Tony."
Whatever it was approaching fast. Steve raised his shield. A giant bear with glowing green eyes jumped from the woods, pinning him. He jammed his shield into the beast’s mauling jaws; his strength forced the creature onto its haunches, long enough for him to roll out from beneath it. Natasha and Clint were preoccupied with two smaller bears. Their weapons seemed to have no effect.
“I’ve been captured by an evil organization. My parents don’t want me. There’s no way of protecting myself, and no point, now.” Piper’s smile was mirthless.
Steve skimmed the article. The title said it all. It was published hours after their date. How had they gotten hold of it so quickly? The photo revealed nothing to his identity.
Piper moved away, not wanting to be seen. If the public saw her, things would explode. Whenever her parents put on the news, it never failed to be a mention of her. She didn't want attention.
Steve heaved again. Tony's fingers tracing down his back offered distraction. Only raising his head when he was sure he wasn't going to throw up again. "You don't have to stay with me, Tony. Try and get some sleep."
Tony nosed against his neck, scowling when he couldn't pick up Steve's change in scent. There was nothing in the omega's scent to signify he was mated.
The growl in his voice set off another wave of aggression. What the genius, yet idiotic alpha didn’t understand was she wasn’t over him. He was moving on, helping another omega through heat. She should be happy. The public was more trusting of a coupled alpha. This was to be expected. She didn’t allow her sadness, but her anger came roaring through.
“Tony, I’m not sure if you’d be open to this but my therapist wants to meet with us together,” said Steve.
The tears stopped; finally quiet. Piper went to the opposite side of the cell. What was she doing? She charged full speed, slamming herself against the glass. A small crack appeared. Blood trickled down her forehead.
The two bots happily entertained her. Every time she tossed a toy they'd go rushing after it. Sometimes Tony had to break up fights between bots over who returned the toy to her.
Steve sluggishly got to his feet, but he couldn’t leave the nest yet. Wincing as he had to brace against the wall. He took a breath, waiting for his legs to steady. Steve limped toward the bathroom.
Lena Zemo turned to face the alpha, irritated. She tucked a strand of her brown behind her ear. A brute like Rumlow wouldn’t understand her work; he was completely blind to the behavioral intricacies occurring.
“That doesn’t make it right! I should have had a choice. What if I didn’t want to fight? We should be able to choose. Not be forced into doing something we don’t want to do.”
He set a large plate of food in front of him. Steve ate slowly, wanting to extend his time with the alpha.
Lena was caught off guard by the sincerity of the apology. It was something Piper had never given before.
“What are you talking about? You gave me exactly what I wished for. I got to unwrap you on my bed,” said Tony.
“It’s fine I shouldn’t have snuck up on you,” he said. Steve wiped his cut on his sleeve. Clint lowered his bow.
“Sir, I should remind you that Captain Rogers's contract includes a strict confidentiality clause. Once he’s gone, all our footage on him has to be erased,” said Jarvis.
“As much as I would love that I have work. And I’m not all that good, but I know a few people who’d love to teach you.”
“Never tried it," he said. It actually sounded like something he may enjoy, but he had no photos. All his family photos were in a museum. He doubted the Smithsonian would return them to him.
Happy dropped the groceries on the floor and left for the elevator. He wasn’t expecting to see Rogers again.
"My metabolism requires me to more than most humans. Even more so now that I'm eating for two," he said.
His alpha’s pace was brutal, but exactly what he needed. Their release was hurtling toward them. Tony’s thrusts were becoming erratic, hitting climax as teeth sunk into Steve’s neck, setting off the omega’s release.
The tears slowed to both their relief. Steve trusted that Tony would only use such commands when absolutely necessary or when he requested it.
“No, sir." He didn't want to speak to the man all. What he wanted to do was kill him in the most agonizing way possible.
“It’s a beautiful silver band. I know that doesn’t sound like much, but it's more than I ever thought I would get,” said Steve.
She pulled them up on a monitor, comparing it to those of Extremis soldiers. Her scans showed no stress of the amygdala, that inflammation which made the Extremis soldier so prone to erratic behavior.
“This will further put Stark Industries on the map as a source of alternative green energy,” she said. “It’s important that no mistakes…” Pepper was losing his attention. Tony’s gaze was still focused down the hall. She sighed. He’d completely moved on.
“I’ve survived worse,” he said. Winter had put himself together with duck tape before. And he had long since forgotten the number of bullets he’d pulled from his hide.
"Can I interrupt?" asked Banner. Even in tux the man somehow managed to have a slightly ruffled looked to him. “I’m sorry I’m late."
my true love," she said. The feelings she had for Steve were still in her heart, but the passion dulled as she lived her life. She knew Steve would have wanted her to move forward. “I was Steve’s first love, but I don’t believe I was his true love. I had my time with him; however short it was, I wouldn’t trade it for the world. Now it's your turn. Don’t waste it."
The neatly folded pillowcase had unraveled revealing an old piece of paper. He recognized the handwriting as Howard’s. Tony lifted the letter and began to read.
"That's manipulative. I don't want to talk about it," said Tony. He didn't see that resemblance before now the small crater they were sitting in was a staunch reminder of it. He backed away slightly.
“I know that!” Steve straightened his shoulders, fighting a primal instinct to make himself small at his alpha’s raised voice. He’d tried to purge his omega tendencies, that willingness to be owned, to obey. It was an easy habit to fall into with Tony since he trusted the alpha so deeply ... since Tony was always
Tony’s eyes widened when he saw the large knife trapped in Steve’s legs. He braced the omega. “What the hell happened?”
For a few fleeting seconds, Piper was unaware, then reality came crashing down. Piper wanted to call out for her parents but didn't. Her eyes stung from crying. She was wrapped in a scratchy wool blanket, laying on a thin mattress. The alpha had moved her. It was a small comfort. She got up, glad the alpha was asleep because she had to pee.
The glass wall of the cell burst as a blue wave of power emanated from her and she screamed. Her vision blurred. Everything went dark.
Winter didn't want her to go but didn't want her to stay either. The selfish urge to keep her near so he wouldn't be alone would make the
"Despite the mistakes, I've made and will undoubtedly make in the future in our relationship you'll never lose how I feel about you," he said. The soundness of his voice calmed Steve.
Steve didn’t know how to feel about that. They walked through a seemingly endless field of gravestones. Until they reached the grave they were looking for. Steve kneeled by it placing the wreath by the base. He brushed away the snow.
Steve lead him to the bedroom. He climbed into the bed waiting for the alpha to join him. Tony joined him. Steve breathed in his alpha scent. The lights dimmed. The only light was the one from Tony’s arc reactor. The blue light was comforting to him. Tony stared at the ceiling.
"I'm your doctor, Steve. I won't judge you. It's an uncomfortable subject, but it's a conversation that needs to be had. Anything you tell me stays between us."
“You saw that,” he said. Of course, she did. Steve thought back on it. It happened moments ago, yet there was nothing particularly memorable about it, except for him hating it.
Bruce blinked, caught off guard by the demand. "Why would you want me to teach you? Your parents could get you, anyone, you want."
“It gives my subjects a foundation.” She kneeled to remove the boy's collar. Rune shifted from side to side, but made no other movement.
She followed Lena into the hall. Instead of being taken back to the holding room she shared with Winter, she was led to that horrible office.
Loki watched the destruction from his perch. The building may be ugly, but there was something to be said for the view.
He took a broom and dustpan up. Steve started sweeping up the broken glass. It could have been worse. Tony hadn’t gotten into one his suits. When he finished cleaning up he took a seat at the counter.
“Let me take care of you,” he said. Tony wanted to do more than aftercare. He wanted to spoil his omega. Tony flinched Steve’s heat was over he shouldn’t, he couldn't think about Steve like that. For now, the glorious omega before him was still his for the time being. Tony wanted Steve to experience what aftercare was like, knowing he’d never experienced it. He wanted Steve to have pleasant memories of their time together. A selfish part of him wanted to show Steve just how much better he was than any other alpha. How they wouldn’t be able to compare to him. Steve had unwittingly ruined him for all other omegas.
Tony nodded, flicking off the lights. He took his mate in his arms, running his fingers through his hair. Steve couldn’t take holding still. He sat up pulling Smith’s file from the bag near his bed. Opening it for the hundredth time today. Nothing in his file would explain why. What could possibly be enough to take their daughter?
"As I expected a full tear. I want you to keep the wearing brace. Visit me in six weeks to see if you'll need surgery or physical therapy. Do you have any questions before I go?” said Crane.
“It’s powered by an arc reactor a self-sustaining energy source. That building run itself for what a year?” asked Bruce.
Piper pulled a pair of frog hair clips out of the cutely wrapped box. She immediately had Daddy put them in her hair. Papa handed her Uncle Bruce's presents after she opened Natasha’s. She tore open the newspaper wrapping.
The pepper-smelling alpha left, dragging the dead beta with him. The glass cell sealed behind them. Piper ran to the door slamming her fists against it. There was no seam and it didn't budge. She slid down, back against the door. Piper tensed as she faced the alpha she was encaged with. He was only inches away, yet made no move against her.
“I know none of these will be able to replacement Doris, but I think these three might suit you,” said Phil.
“It must have been one of the ideas they planted. Making her believe we were moving on without her.”
“Pepper, I don’t want to overstep my bounds. I was under the impression Tony was single. We haven’t done much more than kiss. If me being here causes problems, I’ll leave,” he said. Steve meant it. If he was preventing them from being together, he wouldn't stay.
“You must learn how to make the most of a situation. Thank you, Piper,” said Lena, rising from her seat.
Steve snarled, managing to toss off one of them men pinning him. They should have never trusted her. He should have left her to fend for herself in the explosion.
The apology caught him off guard. Apologies were rare and extremely difficult for Tony. The robotic tone of his voice made it difficult to tell its sincerity.
It was too large for the child, but he had to get her comfortable with the idea of handling one. He took it from her, teaching her the simplest disarming tactic. Winter had her try the method several times on him. The first two attempts were slow, but she swiftly pieced together the routine.
“I can create and control lighting. Things that can kill other people hardly leave me with scratch. I heal quickly. I'm stronger and faster than normal people."
Tony shivered at the whispered request. He moved atop omega, resting his weight between Steve’s hips. To make it easier for Steve, he pushed up those long legs. Steve bared his neck, showing willing submission. Tony breathed in deeply and smile; the only scent was of an aroused omega. He slowly removed his fingers. Tony aligned them. Steve swallowed nervously, getting a full view of Tony’s size. Tony smirked.
"No, cold feet. I only wish more of my friend were here," said Steve. The Howling Commandos were gone. They'd all lived a good life. But he wished they could be here. It was different with Bucky. He brushed away the ache.
"You're right." He wanted to know why it felt electric when they touched. Why his omega trust the alpha? While it distrusted so many others? The experience was all so new.
Tony took the small velvet box from his pocket placing it on the table. Aunt Peg’s eyes went wide. She took it in her frail hands and flipped open the lid. Inside was a beautiful silver-white ring.
Hydra would try and gather as much information as possible from them. One of the wings was shredded. A giant footprint brought a brief distraction to the ominous scene. No animal native could have made a print of this size.
Tony struggled to connect two wires intricately enmeshed into a suit. His hands wouldn't stop shaking. And he’d become so used to Piper reaching over to do this type of delicate work … but, he couldn’t think about that. After the tenth failed try, he threw the project from his desk. It crashed to the ground, the harsh sound reverberating throughout the room.
Piper's arms were wound tightly around his neck. Her desperate want for comfort of any kind overrode whatever fears she had of the alpha. She cried into his shoulder. The alpha tensed but didn't move her. Eventually, she let go of him. Piper took notice of how his arm hung limply by his side. It had been functional earlier today. She wiped her nose on her sleeve.
Lena would always have that over her. If, by some miracle, she were to escape, what would they do to Winter? He was too valuable to kill. But they'd hurt him badly. Likely blame him for her escape.
He collapsed onto the couch beside his armor. He caught his breath. Why didn't he listen? He could be home now. Instead of freezing his ass off in Rosehill Tenessee. He switched on the desk lamp. From the toolbox, he took a pair of needlenosed pliers and started removing the shrapnel from his arm.
“He’s an Asgardian a superhuman alien race. It isn’t surprising ancient men thought him a god,” said Natasha.
"That isn't an option for me. Someone will recognize me. Even if it were an option, S.H.I.E.L.D. would have to thoroughly vet that person. And we would have no real private life. I don't want to be put some through that."
Steve woke up, panting. He kicked off the blankets but brought little to no relief. How long had they been asleep? His muscles ached. Steve’s fingers ripped at the fabric of the nest. Heat clawing up his spine. Sweat soaked his skin, making it gleam. His arousal ached. Rutting his hips against the bedding didn't provide the sensation he was desperately searching for. His touch did nothing to relieve the agonizing lust burning desire coursing through him.
“Alright, Piper, let’s start with this one,” said Fury, kneeling down on her level with a headshot. “Do you know this man?”
“Isn’t it normal for alphas to present trinkets to the omega their sharing heat with or has the custom fallen out of fashion,” said Steve.
It pried at Tony's willpower. The omega seemed well aware of that. He took the softest shirt from Steve's bag. Tony took a seat at the edge of the bed.
Steve bit his lips. Talking with him could be like pulling teeth at times. Today may be verging on one of those days.
He dressed and kiss Tony goodbye. Steve went to the garage. He grabbed the keys for Barb. He didn’t want to risk Vivien’s trackers reporting where he went. Steve needed privacy. There was a Walgreens on the way to S.H.I.E.L.D. Steve was in the aisle in the convenient store completely overwhelmed at the moment. He took a random box from the shelf and went register.
Small talked continued through the flight. Each taking a turn flying, even with the advances in tech flight control, was still something he could understand.
When they got to his bathroom the large tub was filled water and bubble bath. The sides of the tub were lined with bath toys. Steve helped Piper out of wet clothes, setting her in the warm water. She grabbed from the toys from the side of the tub, instantly lost in her own imaginary water world. He gently started washing her.
"People say these shadows are the marks of souls going to heaven. Except the bomb guy went to hell on account that he didn't get a shadow. That's why there's only five."
“I don’t mean to.” She made him question everything. The pup was the only person who possessed the answers to those questions.
Steve carded a hand through his hair. He'd shocked Natasha into silence. Her reaction proved it was real. "Nat, I need that back."
"Um, the pathology of a serial killer. The manipulation, the western iconography. Ready for another lesson,” he said.
"Do you really want this, Tony? You have an out. I won't hold it against you," said Steve. But God it would hurt without him.
"That's difficult to tell, sir. You gave him the liquid form of the knock out gas meant for Dr. Banner. It could be hours or possibly days."
“I liked fighting you. Fighting is the only thing we get a choice. Learn to like it. It's the only thing we have any choice in.”
Steve woke up at four in the morning on May 2nd, having fallen asleep in his studio again. Since his recent discovery, he hadn’t slept well. Pushing his alpha away became his defensive mechanism in this moment of uncertainty.
“That’s not true,” he said. Barny was shocked by the glare sent in his direction by the child. “The doctors I’ve recommended to your parents are far bettered suited. But I can answer any questions you have about therapy.”
Piper shook, barely able to keep control. Something wilder threatened to overtake her. Another rippled of energy tore through, breaking her limited control. Her eyes ignited with blue light.
An arm wrapped around his neck locking his head in place. His mask was yanked off. He flipped their position, the alien taking the hit from its ally. The other scrambled on the floor for the bomb. Steve jumped tucking himself behind his shield. He launched from the window, landing on a car. His pup was safe he’d land on his back. He was slow to get up.
“Please, I need to get to them,” she whimpered. Her lip quivered. Piper couldn't imagine what they were going through, especially Papa.
He easily read the tension in the alpha’s form. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders, nuzzling against his neck. Tony moaned as Steve rubbed his shoulders. The sound made him shiver.
Saturday came around too quickly. Tony found Steve hunched over the toilet early in the morning. It hadn't taken him long to get used to seeing this. He filled a glass of water and handed it to his mate. Steve slowly drank.
“We twelve hours. Eighteen at most before he’s moving again,” said Steve. He could only base those number off his own experience.
He shot off an arc reactor blast, sending the jackass backward. Tony dislodged himself from the metal. He snagged the guy’s keys. Then snuck back into the bar to snag the file. Quickly, thumbing through it outside.
“And she will recover. Though she may be in the medical wing for a few days. Remember your place Winter.”
"What do they need her for?" said Bruce. It was concerning that they had an expert in the field. Playing with genetics was dangerous. And could have disastrous results.
Tony nodded. A red-headed nurse led him to Happy’s room. Happy was wrapped in bandages. His face was swollen and bruised. He wasn't breathing on his own.
Piper buried her face further into his neck, inhaling his minty, pine scent. With each breath, her breathing calmed. She pulled away slowly but didn't meet Lena's gaze.
Rune just watched as she continued talking about all these different kinds of places. She wasn't talking to him even though she said we. More thinking out loud. She huffed rubbing her temples.
Steve got up. He hating the scratch of the carpet against his sensitive skin. Steve tossed Tony the blanket from the couch.
Steve got out of the tub when clean. He wrapped a towel around his waist. Steve kneeled next to Tony. He squirted shampoo in his hand and started working it gently into his thick brown locks. Steve washed the suds from Tony’s hair, careful not to get any his eyes. He turned away as Tony got out. Steve wanted nothing more than to sleep. He settled in bed. Tony’s warmth was pressed against his back. He turned to face him.
Piper searched Lena's expression. It was plain and kind, but gave away nothing, so Piper was unable to tell if Lena was sincere. She had to trust in Theodore's reaction. He was alert. This woman was dangerous. Lena's scent was comfortable and safe, and instinct urged her trust the beta. But this was the one time Piper thought she couldn't trust her own instincts. Instead, Piper focused on Theodore's scent.
If the moment weren't so bitter she would have smiled. To finally gain a small semblance of Stark's trust to have already betrayed it.
“We aren’t going to separate you,” said Steve. It would hurt both the pups. The depths of their friendship was apparent.
The two talked for hours, catching up a great deal of what they missed. There was so much. It was eight at night by the time they finished. Peggy walked him to the door. He kissed her on the cheek.
“No one will notice.” She handed him his jacket. The medals on it chimed. "We should be heading down."
"Because I know you. They wouldn't let that go. Tell me about them, see if you can convince me otherwise."
Winter tensed. The alarm system had been activated. Heavy locks suddenly sealed his enclosure. Bars slammed down on the windows. From the window of his enclosure, he saw her. Her eyes were aglow. This was her attempt to escape and she was wasting time trying to free him. She easily ripped off the titanium reinforcements.
Winter picked her up. She whimpered, hating how blood polluted his scent. He placed her inside. His eyes were cold.
Her eyes burned. It was too heavy, she needed to get rid of whatever was coursing through her. She needed it
Another strong wave of bleach and burnt sugar hit him. He’d never be able to use any bleach cleaner again.
“Don’t get too hopeful Tony you’re not avoiding our conversation. I can wait a few more hours,” said Steve.
It was only two simple whispered words but urged him into a protective mode. He tightened his hold on Steve. Tony purred, hoping it would relax the omega’s current stressed state.
“Good morning.” Natasha turned to greet Lena. She'd been waiting for the perfect chance to interact with her.
Alexander Pierce stood in the doorway. His redden cheeks did little to soften his hardened expression. A thick jacket was folded neatly, in his arms.
“I should remind you he’s still in feral state and remain that way until your heat is complete,” said Jarvis.
Both were good options. He would have Piper and Rune meet both. Knowing that if one of the children rejected the doctor, neither would trust them. Steve called both the doctors giving them censored description of the situation with Piper and Rune. They agreed to visit sometime in the current week.
Tony wanted to drink, something to dull the sharp ache in his heart. He couldn't risk it: he needed to be at his best if there was any news on Piper. Being strong had never been so difficult. Steve's gaze was distant and Tony wasn't sure if breaking him from the fog was the right thing to do. It was more merciful to let him stay there.
Steve’s fingers tangled in Tony’s hair, tugging him into another kiss. He wrapped his legs around his alpha’s waist, holding him in place, so he rocked their arousals together. His mind went blank at the contact. He wanted more!
He huddled closer to Tony. His earthy clove scent filled his nose. The alpha’s deep rumbling purr echoed in his ears. Tony’s fingers ran through his hair, working out tangles. His soft purr joined the alpha's.  He wasn’t sure how long they stayed like that.
He could have sworn Piper glared at him. They settled down in the living room. Steve turned on the news. He tried not to watch too much of it. Morning Joe was one of his favorites, though. They rarely talked about his family, only offering congratulations when Piper was born. Piper's glowing health was a point of pride. She loved seeing Bruce for her monthly check-ups. They'd given her immunizations to be safe. Piper had thrown a fit about that, managing to break Bruce's pinky in the process. He didn't understand why so many were fearful of vaccination. Steve remembered polio outbreaks in New York and throughout the rest of the country. His mother was terrified that he may get the sickness. He would have been first in line to get the vaccine if it were available at the time. Steve smiled at his baby. Her most recent accomplishment was making her first attempts at crawling.
She nodded. Steve's hand went to the gun chosen from him. It was lighter than he was used, but that was an improvement.
Part of Steve wanted to leave New York, but he couldn't. It was where they last had Piper. Leaving the city would be like leaving her; he couldn't do that again. There needed to be a reason to give him permission.
“How does it make sense?! I get caught in an explosion and it cancels out my heat. But when our daughter goes missing, it decides to make an appearance!" growled Steve.
They returned to Wu’s office. Steve's expression was tight; his foot tapped nervously against the floor. Most would read it as calm, but Tony knew better.
A toddler unsupervised in tub was something Steve couldn’t agree to. He didn’t care how smart they were.
“Steve, you were with me for your first heat. Your body will be more desperate to lure me back, so things may get started faster than before. I want you to be satisfied if I’m not there to help,” said Tony.
They went their separate ways when they reached the training facility. Steve went to his apartment. Three large cardboard boxes sat in front of his door. He cringed when his neighbor’s door opened. Steve turned around, forcing a smile in place.
Steve eventually forced himself up with a few minutes to spare.  He stayed in his shorts. The doorbell rang.
He took a deep breath. "I'm fine. Pepper could we discuss this in a week. Right now I don't think I could give you my full attention."
“No one thinks any less of you, Steve. They'd probably think more of you,” said Barny. He waited for the tension to relax in Steve's. The omega rolled his shoulders. “We haven’t discussed what happened at the graveyard."
“It’s Rogers, and I’m not going anywhere,” said Steve. He lower himself from the back of the ambulance. A paramedic caught his harm.
He dropped a large textbook on her desk. It was a red book with a painted image of battle on it. The title read:
“We’ll have to bring in a specialist to talk with them,” said Maria. None of them were trained in the delicate nature of questioning a child.
He went to the alpha's lab. Tony's red eyes were trained on the computer. He was watching it again. Steve sighed. He'd lost count of how many times they'd watched. At this point, he couldn't take watching it again. It made him feel sick, stirred the potent guilt within him. He leaned over his alpha's shoulders and turned off the monitor.
"None of your concern. Load them onto a gurney. I want a full-body scan of each of them. Then clean up this mess," said Lena.
Steve went kitchen sink and tried washing his paint-stained hands. He got ready for his morning run. The base was quite so early the morning; the trainees wouldn’t start their morning drills till 5:30 am. That gave him a thirty-minute head start over the recruits. It was chilly outside. He sped through the hiking paths and obstacle course. Running past several winded trainees. At eight, he returned to the base. Steve went to his room and showered. He went to his closet. His wardrobe was rather, simple except for his dress uniform. What should he wear? Would Tony care? He settled on a gray t-shirt and blue plaid shirt, dark blue jeans, and boots. Steve checked his reflection. It would have to do. He looked at the clock; it was only 8:30 am.
Steve nodded. Tony's hand moved to the back of his neck, clamping down it. He fell limp with submission. Panic bubbled in the pit of his stomach. Tony purred soothed it away.  Bruce wiped a cotton swab over the mark. As soon as it was done Tony released his hold. Steve was slow to regain control. His mind was a bit fuzzy.
"We have to make your employment seem natural, Dr. Zemo. Your visits have been sporadic. She's in good hands," said Pierce.
They reached a large gym. At the center of the room was a large, padded, blue sparring mat. Punching bags were piled in a corner. Guns and knives were displayed behind a cage on the wall. She stepped toward it. Piper had never seen gun up close. She'd only ever caught a glimpse of one. Papa kept his gun in a special lockbox in his room. The only reason she even seen it at all was that Papa had been cleaning it when he'd thought she was asleep. He'd scrambled to put it away when he noticed her peeking. Piper jumped when a hand touched her shoulder.
"No, I mean really think about him. You don't want anyone prying into who your mystery lover is. Even more so if you want him to move in. You don't want someone to accidentally snap pick and break the news he's alive before he's ready," said Rhodes.
Tony woke to Steve’s whimpering. The smell of the omega’s arousal hung thickly in the air. Steve was panting his eyes were fully dilated. His fingers clutched the bedding.
Steve shoved his hand pocket. Out of habit he always kept some cash in whatever pants he was wearing in case he needed to make a quick escape. It was something he did during the war which he couldn't kick. Always having to be ready to move.
Not long into the flight, Steve began squirming in his seat. It was impossible to find a comfortable position. He pulled uncomfortably at the collar of his shirt.
Steve raised his shield, in time to block Thor’s hammer. There was gong. The reflected energy force Thor backward. The sound echoed through their surroundings. They cautiously got to their feet.
Steve woke to the sun shining brightly into his room. He burrowed under the blankets and closed his eyes. Waking up could wait. The bed smelled of Tony. He wrapped himself further within that scent. Then the memory of last night jolted him awake. He was in a sun-bathed room. Waking up in a strange place with no idea of how got there shouldn't be something that occurred multiple in someone's life. Steve whined.
The feral side gave way to Tony in a desperate attempt to help their mate. Tony looked straight at the man before him, not daring to look down, knowing it would break the forced calm.
Steve accepted the offer. He huddled himself against the alpha’s side, resting his head on the man’s chest. It should be more awkward cuddling with a stranger, but somehow it wasn't. He noticed a dim blue glow coming from the alpha’s chest. Steve pulled away to get a better look.
Dinner came around and Steve was craving comfort food. He made twenty grilled cheese sandwiches and settled on the counter. That should be enough. Tony took a seat next to him.
She followed the beta to a new section of the building. Piper counted her steps and the rights and lefts they took before finally stopping at a large black door. The beta knocked on the door.
She had no true memory of the event except for what was shown to her. He'd seen the knife plunged into her side. Muscle memory proved stronger and more reliable than her mind. It demanded a reaction. Her first instinct was fear, the most natural defense to danger.
"Steve, it's me. I've got a lot of apologies to make but not a lot of time. First off, I'm so sorry I put you in harm's way. That was selfish and stupid of me, and it won't happen again. Also, it’s close to Christmas time, and for the first time, I had a family to celebrate it with again and managed to mess that up, sorry. And I'm sorry in advance because I can't come home yet. I need to find this guy. You gotta stay safe, that’s all I know. I just stole a poncho from a wooden Indian. And I love you.”
“We’re old men with decades of trauma. She’s young. Piper can bounce back. Her brain is still developing. There’s time for her to recover, learn, and overcome.”
Steve laughed not knowing how else to deal with the powerful cocktail of emotions. He was going to savor the moment.
“After her body was found a large amount of money was gifted to family. Enough so they’d be set for life,” said Bruce.
"I know I am shorter in person most people say that. But if you're here to arrest me uh there are some people I'd like to role on them immediately," he said.
“There’s no such thing. Sir is only a minor cog a greater machine. What about Dr. Zemo?” asked Natasha.
“That’s where I really surprised. I expected some similarity some between him Thor, but he shares fifty percent of his DNA with Thor,” said Bruce.
He swiveled around in his chair. Steve stood in the doorway, staring at the ground. He looked defeated.
The alpha stood on the other side of the room. He tried bridging the gap, but Tony back further away.
Their jet finally landed. Steve instantly got out his seat stretching out. A wave of heat hit him as they stepped foot into a desert. Large sand dunes surrounded them.
He followed Tony to the garage. There was only one bike. It was a custom paint job gold and red. The bike was in an elegant older style with touches of modern design. He kneeled, getting a better look at the engine.
Tony returned to the lab and gave Bruce the hair samples, then took a seat at another desk. Ostensibly, he was only checking over the systems that Jarvis put in place.
Steve walked to the nest, allowing himself to fall in. His hand traveled through the blankets, touching on something cool. He pulled it toward him. In his hand was a Hot Wheels car, a 1941Pontiac Streamliner. Piper had made him memorize every toy car in her vast collection. He found several other toys in the nest.
"You can't expect me to have a good attitude. My omega is putting himself in danger during his most vulnerable time!"
“Better change.” said Gloria. “Having the smell of his distress on you will make leaving all the more difficult.”
"You said you were no nauseous were there any other signs to make you believe you were pregnant?" asked Edith.
“I’d start with that stick of his. It may be magical, but it works a lot like a Hydra weapon,” said Steve.
The sound grew more panicked when he gently tapped her shoulder. He sat by her waiting it out. That was all he could offer. It only stopped when the pup's voice went out. All that was left was a muted whimper. She didn’t move.
Steve nodded subconsciously. The amount of slick leaking from him increased drastically. He nearly came on site. The alpha pressed against him. He gave a shuddering gasp. Tony rocked their hips together. He threw back his head, moaning. His mouth opened in a silent scream as Tony’s hand traveled lowered, pumping them together. Through his rapid panting breaths, he hardly heard the sweet words Tony whispered. Steve’s vision went white with absolute pleasure as he reached his release.
"Okay, but when you get that bad feeling, that is what it's like to miss someone." Winter nodded, brows narrowing. "It's a good thing."
“He doesn’t think he deserves those connections. So he tries his best to push us away. He’ll target where he knows it will hurt," said Rhodes.
“Steve, everything about you is enhanced including the pheromones you release when you’re with a person. It might have caused him to react so strongly,” said Rhodes.
Steve woke up a few minutes later. Groaning when he found he’d slicked himself in his sleep. Thankfully Nat wasn't there to see this. It wasn't even having that kind of dream. In his dream, he was sitting on the couch with Tony, the fingers carding through his hair. It was something so simple, but so meaningful. He doubted it meant anything to alpha. The simplicity of the moment was perfect. Steve showered and dressed before leaving for the café. Natasha was eating at a table with Clint. Steve grabbed several bagels and joined his friends.
“I would do myself if I could. If you’re busy it’s fine. I could borrow one from the garage,” said Steve.
"I've realized something about you, Piper. You don't care what happens to you. I can beat you down a hundred times and you'll keep rising to the challenge. It's an aspect of your personality I respect. But you have when it comes to your friends suffer, I doubt you'll have the same tolerance."
Bruce looked up from his work when he heard marching footsteps heading in his direction. A man dressed in green strode down the hall surrounded by a troop of men. Oddly the stranger looked at ease with his circumstances. This must Loki. As their eyes met it set off a twinge of pain.
Blue light spread through her veins. Piper clenched her teeth as the power surged through her. She slid her fingers under the collar, ripping it off, and charged passed him. Running directionless through the halls. Alarms blared through the base. Piper's heartbeat was drumming in her ears. Her vision was fading. Piper's consciousness faded as the feral state took over. Her objective became clear as instinct took over. She needed to find her pack!
“Please let my birth control work." The idea thrilled his inner omega of the concept of a baby with Tony. A pup was the last thing he needed. He was nowhere near ready for such a responsibility. Neither was Tony. Steve didn’t think he ever would be.
He remained by Steve’s side as nurses prepped him for surgery. Every time Steve showed the slightest sign of waking, Tony ran his fingers through that golden brown hair soothing him. A tall alpha brown-haired with a buzz cut came stalking into the room.
There would be some kind of condition for the privilege of learning engineering. but Piper didn’t want to linger on thought. Everything here came with some kind of cost or condition. Sometimes it was clear, other times not so much. Most times, she learned the hard way.
A nesting couch is a luxury. And the giant pregnancy pillows he saw looked amazing. He wished he had those things for his first pregnancy. It would have made things more comfortable for him.
Rune jumped from bed when the door of his room suddenly opened. He took a defensive stance. Baring his teeth.
“I think she’ll be okay.” Steve winced when she powerfully kicked against his side. “She just broke one of my ribs."
“Are you?” The kid just him an innocent look. “Don’t worry about it I’ll fix it. What your name kid?”
"Steve?" The omega gave a needed high pitched whine. Tony slowly approached, wrapping his arms around Steve's waist.
When Steve started dozing off he turned down the music. He pulled into the cemetery parking lot. Tony shoved hand warmers in his pockets. He gently nudged Steve awake. "We're here."
Steve chuckled. “Bucky gave me the same look when I told him. He thought I would be some famous artist. Buck didn’t want me to be in danger,” said Steve. Tony touched their shoulders together. "It was better to breaking glass ceilings at home than at war. That was his thought."
“She seems to have a better connection with you," said Steve. In the pit of his stomach, he was jealous. Piper and Tony shared a special connection built over their advanced intelligence and had always been extremely close. They communicated on levels which proved difficult for him. He could study every day for the rest of his life and not be able to understand complex engineering puzzles that seemed to delight them as easily knock-knock jokes or peekaboo amused other, less gifted children.
He shoved the alpha away. Tears welled in his eyes, blurring his vision. He would not give the alpha satisfaction of seeing him cry.
He kissed Tony goodbye and went to the garage. Parked next to Barb was Vivien. She was named after the famed actress Vivien Leigh. The bike was fully transformed from its dilapidated state. It was painted a deep red. Steve wanted black but they flipped a coin over color and Tony got to choose. The bike had many gadgets and Steve barely knew half of them. Apparently, the bike could fly. He’d yet to test it. Tony got the idea from some wizard movie. Steve grabbed his helmet and went in the direction of the S.H.I.E.L.D.
She nodded gently taking Piper from Steve’s arm. Those intense blue eyes studied her, figuring out how to react. The pup smiled and reached up for her. Natasha smiled and let the pup play with her fingers.
Tony watched them. Steve normally purred and was in a state of bliss when he nursed. But the omega was tense his jaw locked, fighting the naturalness of the moment. It was all unnatural. Piper wasn’t making the soft sounds and gestures he was accustom to witnessing. Steve got up from the couch handing her off. Tony grabbed his arm, only for Steve to brush off the touch. Steve went to his studio. Tony stood outside the door, balancing Piper on his hip. Tony touched the handle but didn't turn it.
Soon enough it was time to head out. He boarded a jet with Natasha and Neema. They landed as close to the target area as possible. Their small squad made their way toward the base. A dark narrow entrance came into view. Steve crept forward shield at the ready. Instantly ducking as gunfire pinged defenselessly against it. He took out the gunman.
“Doesn’t matter,” said Piper with a shrug. At this point, she was used to having eyes on her. Privacy was a luxury she'd learned to do without.
Rhodey was the only person who could get away with asking him that question. The man saved him from alcohol poisoning enough times to earn that right. That didn’t stop his mug from cracking. He placed on the counter before it could shatter.
Bruce took a look in the playpen. It was a wooden box with different shaped holes to fit colorful wooden blocks. Something that would normally be given to a toddler. She smiled when she successfully put in the star-shaped block in.
“Comparing me and Rhodes to the legendary friendship of Bucky Barnes and Captain America. I’m honored. We are at each other’s throats half the time,” said Tony. Most of the time it was entirely his fault.
“Testing her startle reflex. In the first month of life pups instinctively spread their arm and legs away from their body at loud noises,” said Bruce.
“I am not,” said Lena, calm and unconcerned. She unfolded her chair, taking a seat in front of them.
A little while later Steve and Tony went to the bedroom. They went into the bathroom. Before he could ask Tony handed him a spare toothbrush.
"Spend time with each. Affectionate physical contact. Strengthening bonds with one's mate lessens the strain on the heart in situations like this."
“A little girl with enormous strength and a genius-level intellect. There are people who will see her as a weapon instead of a child," said Bruce. She would have better luck with the label than he did. Piper would be an easier pill to swallow. She'd grow up to be a beautiful young woman. That was much easier to accept the freakish green monster.
“This is amazing! You should really enjoy the moment,” said Steve. He wanted to extend this moment as long as possible. It was only a matter of time before it was ruined by S.H.I.E.L.D visiting.
She started wailing. Looked like three hours of sleep would be all he’d get today. He sighed and started walking her around the penthouse, all the while singing Steve’s lullaby to her:
The water quickly went to a boil. He put the spaghetti in. Steve purred as Tony’s arms wrapped around his waist. He placed a glass of white wine next to him. Tony nuzzled against his neck.
“I’m sure you could, but can you do it without killing him?” said Fury. She glared at him. “He’s been requesting to speak with Captain Rogers.”
Piper woke up slowly. Her head ached and a muzzle was strapped around her face. When she tried standing her head hit the ceiling of her enclosure. She was shivering uncontrollably. Her limbs had gone numb. Never had she been so cold. She whined.
He got into the tub with Steve. It was cramped, but the closeness relaxed them both. Tony got a washcloth and soothed away the distress. Steve's muscles relax underneath his touch. Tony helped Steve up, wrapping a towel around his waist. When they returned to the room the bed was remade and two sets of scrubs. They dressed.
His eyes snapped open. Tony’s face was inches from his. He blushed. The alpha was naked. He tried regaining control of his expression, keeping his gaze focused on Tony's eyes.
Two arm guards were assigned to watch him. They shouldn't be a problem. His watch began beeping. One of the guards messed with it trying to get it to shut off.
The alpha was dressed in a light blue pinstriped suit jacket, white shirt and blue tie, black pants, and gray-blue sneakers. The soft colors made the alpha look more approachable.
"I don't think we should mention what happened to you. We don't want to overwhelm her," said Tony. He could barely tolerate talking about it himself.
"Keep this between the two of us. I value my privacy. I don’t want something that was meant to be a private moment exposed,” said Steve.
“Don’t lie to me if you don’t have to, even if you think it’s for a good reason like not wanting hurt or bother me. I’m as honest as I can be with you. I expect the same from you.”
“I’m ninety-two years old, Phil! I’m entitled to private life. Please, leave me alone. I’ll call back later." With that, he hung up his phone, tossing it to the floor.
Tony paused at the pet store next to the bakery, staring at the goldfish displayed in the window. The story of Steve's goldfish came to mind. It might earn him some points. It would at least get him through the front door.
They went back to their hotel. Steve toed off his shoes and got into bed. He groaned unable to find a comfortable position.
“Tony,” said Steve. The lack of hesitation even caught him off guard. Heat rose in his cheeks. Who else would he spend it with? He didn’t want to be passed along from alpha to alpha. Couldn’t he stay with Tony?
“Sure, you aren’t. Close your eyes for five minutes, if you don’t fall asleep, you don’t have to nap,” said Winter.
He strode into the kitchen. The aroma of stew filled the room. They hadn't enjoyed it last night so Jarvis put it on a low simmer. The longer it simmered, the softer and more flavorful the meat would be.
Steve was the first to wake from their passionate week. He lay in a large nest on the floor. At some point, he’d dragged the mattress from the bed frame onto the floor. He checked his neck for a claim mark. There was none. He was relieved but also disappointed not to have one.
“Your birth control is effective. It will likely remain that way through the entirety of your heat,” said Jarvis.
She laid the pad on the stone bench. Carefully writing her full name in cursive letters. She didn't want him to think she'd try and get out of their deal by making a mistake in writing her name.
He burped her. Her brow furrowed slightly before a look of relief spread through her, followed by a stink. He laid her on the towel and changed her.
Piper pounced on the nearest one, bringing him to ground. She sent her fist clear through his chest, then yanked her hand free with a sickening crunch and hurtled the corpse toward the rest. A distraction long enough to let her grab hold of her next victim.
“I haven’t had a Christmas tree in years,” said Tony. Actually, it was more decades at this point. He hadn’t bother with decorations let alone a tree during this time of year. His mom did all the decorations. She was the only reason he celebrated Christmas.
“So sex in the elevator,” said Tony. He smirked when Steve’s attention instantly seemed more interested in the sandwich and began to eat. Steve pushed the plate a day when done.
He went in through the garage. Steve pulled the prenatal vitamins from his pocket, took one, and then hid the bottle in Vivien’s saddlebag and took out his sketchbook.
She hurried to the bathroom. As always, he turned his back to her, giving some sense of privacy in their glass cell. She washed her hands. Then grabbed the tray of food bringing it to the center of the room. She was surprised to see a deck of cards and a box of crayons on the tray. Theodore sat across from her as they ate. Maybe she get could some kind of response out of him today. If not, at least now she had something to do.
Natasha pulled up a picture of the prisoner on her iPad and handed it to Tony. On the screen was a picture of a military shaped man. One side of his face was covered in burns.
They went to Howard's lab. Everything was covered in a thick layer of dust. Tony took a moment to look it over. When he was young he would constantly try to get in, only to be lectured and thrown out. It seemed bigger then.
It was a tempting offer. But he wasn't ready. He hit his head against the elevator wall. What was wrong with him?
Tony pulled up a map. It was dotted with the locations of Winter sightings. They were random. He just appeared in a location without a hint of how he got there, so backtracking Winter’s movements wouldn’t get Tony anywhere. He stared at Winter’s photo. There were none of him without his mask. The arm was something of interest, but again, there was no clear image. The only thing clear was the red star on his shoulder, but the Soviets had already fallen. And many of the kills connected to him went against Russia's interest. His loyalties must have changed at some point.
Natasha was stunned to see Steve at S.H.I.E.L.D so soon after his heat. He walked past her without saying ‘hello’. Something was wrong. Forcing her presence wasn’t the answer. He needed time. An hour ticked by. She went to his apartment and gently knocked on the door.
“Okay, that wasn’t mine to give away. That belongs to my friend’s sister. And that’s why I’m going to kill you first,” said Tony.
An hour later, an alpha entered the room. He smelled of pepper and gun cleaner. Winter knew that scent.
“There must be more important things for a man of your rank to be doing. I’d hate to take you away from something,” said Steve.
Steve caught the spark of inspiration in Piper's eyes. It would take a while to get her settled back down.
The conversation eased into less serious topics. Bruce eventually left a bit red in the face from the wine.
The image of tall blonde muscular alpha appeared. The alpha’s jaw was square and bearded. His deep blue eyes were almost electric with life.
Steve went to the bathroom to change. He unzipped the garment. His finger pausing on the fabric of the sweater on the hanger. It was the same one he wore that night in front of the fireplace. He pushed his nose into the woolen fabric before putting it on.
"Good to know, but that's not what I'm calling about. How would my pheromones affect our relationship?"
Steve sighed, fully satisfied at the moment. They were still knotted. Alpha’s hips were rocking gently into him, bringing him into a lazy orgasm. Pleasure gently swept over him. Alpha pulled out slowly. They remained huddled closely together. He purred as Alpha’s tongue ran over his neck. A heavenly haze set up on his mind. All his strength vanished, trusting his protection fully to the man beside him. He never wanted to leave this place. The night continued in a heated passion, leaving little or no time for sleep.
He picked up the sweet little pup tossing her the air. Piper happily screamed. Steve smiled picking up the phone.
Natasha turned on the TV. This could take a while and neither of them was in any rush to get Rumlow.
Tony kept with steady massage, watching as the omega fell back into bliss. He adds a second, which made Steve’s toes curl.
The pup didn't budge. She had to get away from him. He wasn't safe. She'd be better on her own. There was nothing he could do for her. Hydra had her for a reason, so
What caught Steve’s attention was in this freezing weather the woman wore makeup and looked impeccable. Her lips were painted a deep red.
Winter sighed in relief. Her expression had changed. This was the happiest she'd been in days. She’d been quiet, hardly moving. It was unusual. Normally, she’d pace, fiddle with something, play with her fingers. The stillness was her adapting to her new settings. As much as he disliked the change, it was needed for her to survive.
Steve watched the flower girls trot down the aisle, dropping petals. Natasha walked gracefully down after them. Clint was waiting for him at the entrance.
The pup had grown immensely in her abilities since they first started training a month ago. She had an affinity for bomb-making and diffusing, locking picking, and safe cracking. It amazed him how fast she was learning. The pup was a sponge, absorbing every bit of information she could.
“That bad,” said Steve. He wished his scent could be as appealing as Natasha's. Her scent was a mix of juniper and pine. But it was somehow muted to an almost beta level.
Tackling with an equal amount of strength. Rune shoved her away, shaking off the rubble. He smiled, grabbing a large barbell, shaking the hundred-pound plates from one end. It had been so long since he had actually faced a challenging opponent. Rune flung a plate at her, only for her to catch the high-speed disk and throw it right back at him.
The gesture was solely aimed to hurt Tony. Steve sat up, throwing it into the trashcan across the room.
Steve glared at the alpha. Tony had been so strong throughout this. It should be what he wanted. All it did was make him embarrassed. Why was he unable to do the same? Why was he falling into nightmares instead of facing up to reality? He was strong! Yet, he felt a weak, pathetic, and incapable. The personal determination he’d relied on throughout his life had failed him, when he needed it most. He’d become the small omega, dependent on the protection of an alpha. Something he swore never to be. It wasn’t Tony’s fault. But he couldn’t tell Tony what was bothering him, admit that he didn’t know up from down anymore. So, he turned away when he saw the pain in his heart mirrored in Tony’s eyes. He wanted to ask,
Steve smirked. Tony had to take a moment to enjoy it. It was expression unique to Steve’s feral state. What was he planning?
Edith nodded. It was a reasonable request. Omegas were protective and skittish of strangers during their labor. It could prove deadly to push their presence on Steve when it was so clearly unwanted. The couple would seek them out them when they were needed. The elevator door closed behind them.
“You must promise me that you’ll never take your own life if something were to happen to me. You have to be here for her,” said Steve, placing Tony’s hand over his stomach.
Steve didn’t want to even be the room. He needed to know everything he could. Steve nodded. Edith placed a small plastic ring in his hand.
Tony got up a little while later. The alpha kissed him on the cheek before starting breakfast. Tony seemed more relaxed since Piper was born. He hadn’t gone the lab once so far preferring to work in the penthouse with them.
Winter paced his room. It had been hours. He'd heard the commotion. Winter knew the sound of battle well, but he'd never encountered one that sounded like the one he just heard.
Tony took the chance to push his tongue into omega’s sweet wet mouth. Their tongues entwined together. Tony was lost in the wonderful mixture of their scent. He wanted the omega covered in his scent so no one would question who the beauty belonged. Steve’s scent was intoxicating. His hands traveled the muscular planes of Steve’s body.
It was amazing how much Rune had come out of his shell, not say that he didn’t have bad days. He started several fires with lighting. It had Tony and Piper working on a fire extinguishing network. Steve piled a large stack of pancakes on each other their plates. Their appetites were inhuman. It would be best to broach the subject once the food coma set in. The pups ate a total of three stacks of pancakes.
Steve went to the front of the jet, watching Tony speed ahead of them before his armor turned invisible.
“This looks great,” said Steve. He took a bite. It was so much better than the food at the S.H.I.E.L.D. training facility.
She washed herself. Dunking her head in the water to get the shampoo out of her. Once she couldn’t smell that place on her skin she got up the tub. And she did feel better being nice and clean. Papa wrapped a towel around her, drying her off. He gave her the bag of clothes the agent brought. She ripped it open.
“We are going to the Andes Mountain Range. Our target area is Colca Canyon. That’s all the information in an insecure area,” she said.
“You’ve been through a trauma. Yes, you found love during the war unlike some soldiers but that doesn’t mean they wouldn’t want you to have a second chance. Everyone who knows you are overjoyed that you’re here with us today. Sergeant Barnes would be happy that you are thriving now,” said Barny.
“You're overestimating the strength of my presence." She wasn't sure if she'd want to stop Steve. "This is a bad idea, Director. Why not strap him into your lie detector?”
The only reason Pepper knew about his plan was that she found him working on the ring. Tony handcrafted Steve’s wedding band and trinket. The only reason she knew of the necklace was she’d caught glimpse of the metallic chain while Steve was training. At first, she found herself jealous of how quickly Tony was moving on. But then, she was moving on herself. And his relationship with Steve made him more predictable, easier to work with.
Steve brought the alpha as close as possible. He ran his fingers through his mate's hair. Tears leaked from the alpha's eyes.
The omega gave into a well-earned sleep. He was beautiful. Steve was all he ever wanted and more. He couldn't imagine a life without Steve in it. Tony leaned over the bed kissing Steve on the forehead.
Tony looked over the repairs made to the tower. It was as if it hadn’t happened. The footage of Steve's short there time erased, along with every trace of his sweet scent. He checked his phone for any messages from Steve. The man probably doesn’t even know how to text. He should have taught him.
He had to get to his mate. Of course, as soon as he leaves Steve goes into labor that's his luck. He ran to the roof of the hospital, tossing the suitcase to the ground. It transformed into a full suit of armor. It opened for him, locking around him. He took off at supersonic speed.
"Did I ask for one? You can choose any car you want as long as it has back seat for a car seat, safety features, and a trunk," said Steve.
The next day they had their appointment. Steve was a bit jet-lagged, but the excitement being able to know their baby’s gender and see it again woke him up. Edith, Bruce, Steve, and Tony stood in the small homemade medical office. Tony stood next to Steve, holding his hand.
"I can't say I trust her, but I'll tolerate her presence for your sake. That's the best I can do. If she does anything to hurt you or our pup I'll-
Tony watched as Steve fell asleep against his chest. He'd never said those were so frequently. Every time he said them he meant it. Telling Steve he loves him was natural. He caught a few nurses pausing in front of the window of their room. Their eyes widened at his open affection. This one of the few places he could be so open with his affection. Steve purred as he ran his finger through his hair, not caring that his golden brown locks were dirtied with ash. He was about to close his eyes when Dr. Blackwell strode lowly in.
That was enough proof for them. They dug in. Piper eyed the jelly-filled donut. She cut it in half, offering a part to Rune. He happily took a bite of the donut, squirting jelly everywhere. Piper giggled.
"Sure, you aren't. How about breakfast? I hid away a box of Captain Crunch from Papa." Offering a super-soldier toddler a sugar rush at four in the morning wasn't the best idea. Still, it was the fastest way to gain ground; to figure out precisely how she was processing things.
“No, it's functional; that's all it has to be," said Steve. He snagged the phone from the alpha, tossing it into his bag.
"I'm sure we'll be seeing more of each other. There are still eight months left in Steve's pregnancy," said Edith.
“You’re missing the point. There’s no throne. There’s no version of this where you come out on top. And maybe your army comes and maybe it’s too much for us, but it’s all on you. Because if we can’t protect the Earth, but you can be damn well sure that we’ll avenge it,” said Tony.
Her hands fisted. She had to at least try. Winter was trying for her. She had to do the same for him! She wouldn't give up! Her jaw locked as a surge of new strength flooded through her. Blue light spread through her, setting her veins alight. Piper gasped as grew it more intense.
"You'll get your chance to take them off. Until then, they're staying on," said Steve. His stomach growled.
“What if you had gotten hurt!” shouted Steve. He couldn’t have that on his conscious. There was already too much for which he felt guilty.
He went to find his mate. Steve was sitting in an overgrown garden patch. Tony took a seat next to him on the white stone bench.
The soft tone did nothing cushion the words. It implied he didn't care as much, but he did. Knowing how much Steve cared allowed him to do this.
Durak is a traditional Russian card game that is popular in many post-Soviet states. It is Russia's most popular card game. The objective of the game is to shed all one's cards when there are no more cards left in the deck. At the end of the game, the last player with cards in their hand is the durak or 'fool'.
They scattered. The room filled with protective alpha pheromones mixed with those of distressed omega. Steve was having an episode. He was curled in the fetal position oozing distress. He pushed Steve's face into his neck. The smell of urine invaded his senses. Slowly Steve uncoiled from his tense position. He wasn't all the way there.
She’d lightened the entire painting, only allowing dark colors to creep along the border. The figure wasn’t alone; two others were with him. At the heart of each was a yellow and white orb. There were splashes of white and yellow throughout the background. Its message was clear, you're not alone. He might just have to hang this one up. Steve cleaned up his set up. He didn’t want to talk with his mate, but he to. They needed to move forward but didn’t want to let go. He wanted to face those responsible for what happened to their daughter. Steve went to Tony’s workshop. The alpha was talking with Bruce. He’d come back later; they were likely discussing something important.
An Asian man stepped out. The gentle sweetness to his scent revealed him to be an omega, dressed in a blue striped button-down shirt with a navy sweater vest. His dark red tie was slightly uneven. He wore jeans and brown loafers.
“You should thank me. With the Bifrost gone how much dark energy did all-father have to muster to conjure you here? Your precious Earth,” he said.
From his tone, it was clear the alpha didn’t want to linger on the subject. He didn't press. It was personal.
That wasn't a good thing. Sir blindfolded her before picking her up. She counted his steps and turns, but suspected he may be repeating his steps or taking unneeded turns to stop her from doing exactly what she was trying to do.
The words hit like a break. It was a heavy title. He swallowed the lump in his throat. "You don't think I realize that? How unfit I am to father?"
“The body alone is just a machine. It's evolved like any other through time, but at a much slower rate. It gets murky when you take into consideration the mind. Love is just a mixture of testosterone, estrogen, adrenaline, dopamine, and serotonin. But the way humans react or display the end result of that chemical mixture varies drastically. It can be predicted to some percentage but nothing concrete.”
"No, Tony I do. I was young. Howard was the first alpha to ever take interest me in a positive way. I’d never experienced that before, I couldn’t help having a crush,” he said. Tony was focused forward, but he seemed to be listening. “Please, look at me.”
Steve groaned dropping his forehead against the counter.  Signing a cool touch of the granite counter against his skin. Tomorrow his alpha left. His body was speeding up things to tempt the alpha into staying. “Let’s hope for two."
Piper sighed. She was used to hearing how honored people were to meet her parents. All the firefighters wanted pictures with them. She waited for the general excitement to die down and the tour to finally started. The firefighters were shocked when she named every part and purpose of the fire engine.
They took off in that direction. Standing in front of a kneeling crowd was Loki. He jumped from the jet, deflecting Loki’s blast.
He offered his hand to Steve. The omega held it tightly as he led them through the bloody mess. They went to the elevator shaft. Tony wrapped Steve’s arms around his neck.
"It's impossible to get a good read on the numbers. It will take a day to plan the best method of attack with a S.T.R.I.K.E unit,” said Clint.
An older alpha held a deadman’s switch in his hand. That clicking sound was the switch being activated. She growled at the alpha. His nose was straight and his graying hair was cut in a military-style. A thick perfectly trimmed mustache hung under his nose. Thought lines were carved deeply into his stern expression. He was dressed in military gear. Not a single hair seemed out of place. The only element of his appearance that broke with uniformity of his appearance were web-like burn clawing up his neck and side of his face. His dark brown eyes scanned over her. At first glance, they seemed almost kind but there was something cruel and calculating hidden behind them.
“We do.” It was amazing how much that fact made the anger receded. He took a breath thinking about the little girl tucked peacefully into bed.
Winter hated the pained rasps that escaped the pup, but this was for her own good. She had to learn and this was the fastest way. He was being as gentle as possible. This was the easiest he'd ever gone on an opponent.
That was the most unrestrained reaction he'd seen her have with them. Piper's method of processing trauma was much like Steve's. Holding it in for as long as possible until it eroded their control. The result was disastrous and left him, putting the pieces together again. He wasn't sure how that would fair with someone so young. They needed to get someone they could trust to talk to these kids.
"Nat found me on the floor my bathroom. I had a panic attack. She got me through it. Then I had to Edith. Then Fury-
So, they waited, enjoying the calm silence that had fallen between them. When they were called down to the morgue, Natasha and Agent Hill joined them. A white-haired beta stood by a table bearing the battered corpse.
“I’m sorry, Nick. What were you saying?” said Tony, flipping the monitor for all to see. Weapon plans.
Tony slowed down when he entered the city. The tower was within sight. He landed on the penthouse deck. His armor disengaged, folding back into a suitcase. He ran inside.
"I’ll get started on that right away,” said Pepper. She laughed to herself as she left. Steve was having a good influence on Tony. She usually had to beg for him to give to museums. Even then, the amount never reached the multimillions.
“They could be highly trained,” said Natasha. There was a clear changed in her voice as she realized the apparent blandness of their task.
"He's one of the few who finds my scent appealing. And the only alpha I responded to. Since my heat has been repressed for so long, it would be unhealthy for me to endure it alone."
Steve put leftovers in the fridge for Tony before carefully setting Piper down on their bed. He took his Stark pad from the side drawer and downloaded The Feminine Mystique. Steve only used it to read. Most of what he read was nonfiction that caught him up on current events and important public figures. Halfway through he heard Tony come in so did Piper.
"Not like that. My parents are superheroes. Daddy is a billionaire. Normal houses aren’t like this. Lots of people will want to know what happened to me,” said Piper.
“They must be paying legal interns more they were in my day. This is great compared to the closet I lived in Brooklyn. Even with the billboard,” said Steve.
Tony sat on the couch and patted the empty seat next to him, but Piper opted for the far end of the couch.
“I love you, Steve.” The omega's reaction was perfect. A light pink blush spread across his cheeks and a gentle smile appeared.
"You know I can help. Just ask. I got a ton of new tech. I got bomb disposal, catches explosions mid-air," said Tony.
Steve bit his lip. His home was part of this plan. That was his den, the place where they were going to raise their pup. It was supposed to be safe far from this part of thier lives.
If Papa wanted to do it that was better. She didn't want to, but Sir should die. Piper realized that these weren't the thoughts of a normal girl.
"So for you, it must be infuriating not to be able to figure out what wrong with yourself, your parents, and your friends. Even the most complex machines you could likely figure out, but humans are different. It must feel like you're failing, not only them but yourself by not being able to fix what's wrong." Piper's hands stilled, but she kept her gaze down."You could learn all the patterns of a person, but they can still do something you never could have predicted, which another discomfort. That's why you prefer people getting straight to the point, so you don't have to waste your time studying a pattern that may teach you nothing."
Breakfast came early. He moved in front as the tray was pushed through the slot. The pup was asleep. The smell of food woke her. He pushed the tray toward her, letting her eat first. She nudged it back to him.
The only reason paternity is mentioned is a method for Banner to gather DNA from the embryo without potential harm.
“It’s fine,” said Steve. He wanted to get a better sense of what was going on, and the sooner it was over, the better. The alpha from before came into the room.
Tony nodded in understanding. He couldn't imagine having another child any time soon, if ever. They’d discussed the idea a few months before Piper's third birthday, but that was all ashes now. Tony slowly released an angered breath. Among all that the kidnappers stole for them, they'd also snatched away the Stark’s dreams for the future.
“I don’t know what I’d do without you. Not many are willing to jump off ninety-three story building to prove a point to me,” he said.
"Something powerful flowed through me. It wasn’t like anything I ever felt before. Then it burned. Starting behind my eyes and spreading down through the rest of me.”
Tony tried shielding Steve from view as much as possible. Steve hid his face in the crook of his neck.
"She could change her mind. I should have driven my wife's car. I'm sure wouldn't have found it nearly as interesting. It's good to see that she has a friend. Let's focus on you," said Barny.
Steve clutched tightly to the alpha through the air, only letting go when they were safely on the ground again.
Carpathian Mountains – has the largest population of brown bear in the EU. That’s why I used brown bears a threat.
"I don't know. Bloom said it could take some time," said Steve. Tony tapped tapping his fingers nervously against the counter.
“And I know just where to put it,” said Tony. He grabbed hold of the missile, leading it to its new destination.
A few hours later Steve was up again. Tony's deep rumbling purr nearly lulled him back to sleep, but hunger outweighed sleep. The alpha's hand rested protectively over his stomach. He quietly left the bed, pulling the blanket back over his mate. Steve picked up his sweatpants from the floor, putting them back on. He put on his shirt.
It best to distance Pierce from this as much as possible. He couldn’t help but be proud of the progress the boy made since he first started the young alpha’s training.
He rejoined Steve in bed. The omega's arms wrapped firmly around his waist, holding him close. Tony waited for Steve to fall asleep. When the omega was sound asleep, he freed himself from the welcoming embrace. He kissed his omega. There it was again ‘his omega.’ Steve wasn’t his despite what his instincts told him. He wasn’t sure if it was pure instinct that drove this want or something much more profound. Tony shook away thought. Steve’s heat was relatively tame so far. That was most likely caused by fear and stress. It would probably pick up the pace now that he’d gained Steve’s trust. Tony put on a pair of pants. Before leaving, he placed a gentle kiss on Steve’s forehead. He moved to the living room.
A clack of heels on the floor pulled Winter's attention away from the pup. Lena smiled sweetly at them. "Ready for your lesson?" Lena asked.
“So I run his credentials and made him. Aldrich Killian, we actually met him. Back in 99, where were we?”
Tony lead him to the privacy of their room. As the moved they stripped each other their clothes. He pushed his mate back into bed. The omega bared his neck in submission. Tony licked his lips. No one else has the right to see this. There sheer angelic beauty of his mate awaiting the pleasure only he could give. Steve spread his legs and whined.
"I didn't want our daughter to have the name of a woman I slept with. I would do the same thing we were having a boy," said Tony.
"Mom, what would you do? You put with Howard and me. I don't know how you did it." He took another sip of his drink. "I wish you were here. You'd know what to do."
The fabric of Tony’s shirt scratched against his fevered skin. He fisted the fabric ripping away, so he could feel his alpha’s skin against his. Steve’s hands went to Tony’s belt. He gave it a desperate yank. The alpha briefly pulled away and tossed away his pants. Steve whimpered. His underwear was wet and clung uncomfortably to his legs.
Steve and Tony spent most of their time in the lab. It hadn't taken the alpha long to make a prototype of the arm. With most of his projects, he was allowed to work freely, but with this, he was constrained to a lower level of creativity. Even among geniuses, he was uncommon and would have to stoop to their level of thinking.
She put her plate in the dishwasher before following Daddy downstairs. He pulled up the blueprint of his most recent suit of armor. But she couldn’t pay attention to what he was saying and clearly, whatever he was talking about wasn’t too important to him either. If he were, he'd be more animated about it.
The omega cried out in pleasure before going limp against Tony. Steve’s heavy breath touched his ear. Tony was still going through aftershocks of his orgasm. He ran his hands down Steve’s back. Tony licked the blood from Steve’s neck.
“I wish it could be that simple. But she’ll likely ask for footage of his questioning. She’ll see through the act even if it’s by you. Please don’t break the man. He’s a good person.”
When Piper regained consciousness. She was in a room she'd never seen before. The room was padded. A muzzle was strapped around her mouth. Her arms pinned behind her back. When she struggled to break free, the fabric of the cloth of straight jacket constricted painfully around her.
Jarvis sighed. Why he built the computer with a sense of sarcasm, and the ability to sigh was beyond him. Enough people were nagging him without Jarvis's impute.
Steve showered after the gym. For the first time in a while, he felt like he was well-rested. He went to Piper's room, swallowing his panic when he saw her bed was empty and stripped. He took a breath and reasoned.
After a liquid breakfast of coffee, Tony went to the elevator. There had to be something in his lab that would lead to the discovery of their daughter. The stagnation that had taken hold of his life was intolerable. He was used to constantly moving forward. But now, he was stuck and the only cure was finding what was gone. And there had been no progress. The elevator door slid open and he walked out onto the floor without really looking.
"I understand why you came. Your job counts on keeping a good image. I imagine many people are looking for you to fail."
“Very good, stand down.” Piper instantly relaxed. “When she wakes up, all she'll remember is playing a game of chess with me."
“It was scrapped,” said Tony, walking away. The alpha’s mood was changing swiftly. “Hey, I thought I didn’t even qualify.” Tony pointed out.
“One of the doctors had the dumb idea of using an alpha command of foreign alpha. He didn’t respond well. It caused him to break several of the said alpha’s bones,” said Fury.
Piper took a breath. Better to get it over with, get herself prepared for the future. Maybe a little brother or sister wouldn’t be so bad.
The habit wasn't healthy but it could be worse. He nosed against Tony's neck, breathing in his scent. The alpha's scent was healthy. It lacked the drunken scent which he'd picked up on occasion when Tony was having a particularly rough day.
“So what did you really bring me here for?” asked Natasha, knowing Piper preferred getting straight to the point.
“Steve, look at me.” Their eyes met. “You don’t have to hold it in. You can scream and shout as much as you want nobody will think any less you.”
“Why are you so calm?! It isn’t the first time this has happened! I was so close to hitting her,” Steve said roughly, glaring when he caught Tony smirking. “What is wrong with you?!”
Steve left, running directly into Kate. They to stop running into each other like this. He wasn't sure if she was doing it intentionally or if it were a coincidence.
"It's safe." He helped her out of her clothes, placing her in the warm water. She sat there shivering.
“Steve.” He raised his head. “Do you want to know the story behind this?” asked Tony gesturing to his arc reactor.
Steve woke at eight and started working on breakfast. He felt slightly at edge knowing his alpha wasn’t home.
“We have every camera in the city looking for him. Tony sent us the description. We’ll find him. Right now, we have to get the both of you out of here,” explained Hill.
Now that things had calmed down, Piper finally looked over her surroundings. It looked like a normal hospital room, except for the heavy metal door locking them in.
“I don’t have friends.” He had handlers and allies, but no friends. It was a pointless connection, a weakness.
Steve burst into the room. “What’s wrong?!” Forcing his voice into a calm, he started again. “Sweetheart, tell us what’s wrong so we can make it better.”
Steve quivered weakly against the alpha, releasing Tony’s wrists. Tony’s fingers tangled his hair pulling deep kiss. Steve grew in his confidence. Their tongues fought for dominance. His hands traveled down the alpha’s sturdy back. He rocked his hips down on the hardness growing beneath him. Steve gasped as those powerful fingers firmly groped his butt. A panting whimper escaped him. Tony pulled at his sweater. Steve raised his arms allowing Tony to pull it off.
“Shh, baby girl, it's alright," whispered Tony, gently caressing her face. She leaned into his touch.
Steve stared at the bedroom door. His was only gone a few minutes and he was already growing anxious. He whimpered. It was a pathetic sound which he despised making. He covered his mouth. His panicked alpha dashed into the room. Tony dropped everything him and joined him in bed.
He took Tony’s hand. The alpha's other hand went to his lower back. Steve rested his free hand on Tony shoulders. They swayed together; every now and then they would kiss. The two remained like that a little while as a new song started playing. Steve went rigid against him.
“A difficult ask. A different name doesn't change that you are still you,” said Barny. Steve sighed, lowering into the seat across from him. His words had calmed the soldier enough to let him be still. But it would be foolish to deny the importance of Steve's name. It was something stable and his. Something that was both past and present. But it was a constraint of occupation. “And it’s not fair to Tony."
“But there’s not get used it. It will be better that way,” said Rune. It was a lot less disappointing that way.
"There's nothing to discuss," said Steve. Barny's stern gaze locked on him. “You won’t leave that alone, will you."
“There’s nothing wrong with it, Rune. And he just a skilled as Aunt Nat.” Though she'd put the odds in Aunt Nat's favor it the two had to fight against each other.
Winter watched the carnage, unable to join. There was no finesse to her actions. It was pure animalistic rage. It continued long after all the threats were eliminated. He got up, finally, limping toward the girl.
Steve cleaned up the pile of papers. His heart leaped when he saw a black velvet box. He took a breath. Was this for him? It could have been for Pepper. He had to make sure. Steve glanced back at Tony, still asleep. He flipped open the small box. It was a beautiful pale silver ring. Steve shut the box. He wasn’t meant to see this. Steve quickly put everything back where it was.
"Before we begin, if I do anything to make you feel uncomfortable, tell me, and I'll stop," said Edith. Steve nodded. “Can you raise your shirt for me?”
"Don't say that," said Steve. He already had enough worries without that very real possibility of Piper refusing therapy.
"I don't know. I didn't think so." She didn't want to linger on how scary that was. Her mind was the one thing she thought she could rely on. She didn’t remember a fight. What she did remember was playing chess with Lena like they always did. Now that was in question. Maybe she’d just blacked out during the struggle.
“This is what I know. What I’m good at. It’s familiar, and that’s difficult for me to find,” said Steve.
He brought Piper to the medical floor. She was only half awake. He rocked her in his lap, waiting for Bruce. The door opened.
He tossed something at her. She caught what looked like a dowel rod. The wood was polished and smoothed so it wouldn't splinter in the holder's hand. Its surface was covered in dents and nicks.
"Like I said before it’s a biological imperative. Stress can't deny your body's deepest desire. You want a pup more than anything. That biologically primal urge doesn't care that it isn't Piper. It’s only following your demands; it wants something to cradle in its arms and nurture,” Edith explained gently.
"Matt, I won't tell you to stop. That would be a waste of time. But I am going to give you some advice. It’s up to you whether you take it. Know when it’s time to hang it up or you’ll put all that you have in even more risk than it is already. You have an advantage of no one knowing who you are."
“Can you tell me a penguin story?” Carl asked when everyone had finished eating and the kitchen was tidied.
"We already have a blunt tool. I'm sure you're capable of modeling Rune into someone just capable as Piper. The true merit of a creator is not what they can do with rich material, but they can do with poorer."
She smiled. Their relationship had grown into a friendship over the month. Now Steve’s wore Tony’s claim, the tension between them faded.
There was an explosion from one of Tony’s weapons. Steve shielding Natasha from the rain of sparks. The Chitauri cried angrily from their perches at the display. The Avengers stood together ready to fight. More came flying down from above.
Piper tucked closer to Tony. He didn't need to know about how much she enjoyed making those weapons. It was one of the few times she was able to use her creativity fully.
“First, you'll choose several alphas you find attractive. You’ll meet them and get a chance to scent each other. If you don’t like him or her, you are free to leave. When you accept an alpha, you make a contract with them discussing what you're comfortable with. If that alpha breaks it, criminal charges will be pressed. Then you’ll pack a bag and spend the rest of your time until and through your heat with them. You’ll be given a panic button, and at any point, you feel uncomfortable agents will get you,” said Edith.
“A list of things you’ll need to get for her to do ballet. I’ll send the name of a great instructor,” said Nat.
The went to the lobby. The fossilized remains of dinosaurs were perfectly out place in the marble and high arched ceilings of the museums.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” whimpered Piper over and over again in his arms. She pressed into Papa’s warmth. The fear and tension melting from her as she breathed in his familiar scent.
"No, you can go play outside. There's an amazing playground in the backyard. And I'm sure Jarvis did something wonderful with the playroom."
He lifted her out of the tub and wrapped her up in a thick fluffy towel. Piper giggled as he dried her off. While he was draining the tub, he caught Piper staring at her reflection, twisting a short strand of hair between her fingers. When she saw him looking, she stopped.
Steve was taken aback by the straightforwardness. Tony wasn’t fighting to keep him. No, there has to be more. Tony wouldn’t have been so desperate last night if that were true.
“Don’t let losing to him get to you. Soon enough he’ll be waddling along like every omega,” said a trainee.
“Hey, I’ve read all about your accident. That much gamma exposure should have killed you,” said Tony.
Their morning was slow. They had breakfast in their room. Steve poked at his pancakes with his fork.
Rhodes followed Tony’s to the nursery. He laughed when he found the womanizing alpha changing a diaper. "I never thought I'd live to see this."
He sat up, rolling his shoulders. Tony's side of the bed was empty, as it had been ever since Piper was taken. Steve ached body and soul. The most simple of tasks became difficult. He had to check on Tony. The man spent almost all his time in the lab.
Tony nipped playfully at his neck, regaining his attention. Steve’s body already recovered and ready for his alpha. He whimpered crying out for his alpha to take him. Steve raised his hips, hoping to entice him. Relief swept through his heated form when Tony covered him. His head fell back as Alpha slowly pushed in. Steve’s legs hooked around his waist keeping his close.
“You’re right Steve. I apologize,” said Barny. Steve calmed. It was a foolish mistake on his part. Omegas could be extremely protective over an alpha they perceived as their potential mate. It made domestic assault cases extremely difficult in omega alpha relationships. Barny had enough of an idea of Tony know he wouldn’t dare strike an omega. He only wanted someone more stable for Steve.
There was another deep sigh again. It was her husband’s most common way of displaying his disappoint. Before the promotion, it was a sound she so rarely heard.
"A doctor's order to have sex with my husband. Under normal circumstances, I'd be happy to comply. But not now."
For a few seconds, Winter struggled with how to pick her up; before just tucking a hand underneath her and scooping her up into his arms. He placed her on the mattress, tugging the blankets over her. Instead of retreating to his corner, he sat a few feet away from where she slept, studying her. They didn't share similar facial features. Her hair was too light to match his.
“Let me check on the stew,” said Steve. He went to the stove and took off the lid. The smell reminded him of home. He easily lifted the pot off the heat. Steve smiled. When he was young, he couldn’t lift the pot. He’d have to get his mom or Bucky to do it for him. Tony led him to the bedroom closet.
The room was soundproof. Any cries would be blocked from his ears. All he could do was stand and wait, something he was normally quite good at. After a minute, he couldn't stop his mind from wandering to the worst case scenarios which may be occurring inside.
“Grief that runs as deep as yours has tendency seep into physical presentation, causing symptoms that mimic those of heart attack. After the loss of a child- ”
Piper forgot that fact a lot. She'd interacted with alpha kids before they always had some level of entitlement to them, but Rune wasn't like that.
Steve took his phone from his back pocket, selecting Turner’s number. The beta picked up on the first ring.
“You don’t have to tell me what it was about. Can you at least tell me what triggered it?” asked Tony.
“I thought it would have faded by the time you woke up.” Tony would never let him forget the day he made Captain America limp. His alpha was stared at him hungrily. “Why are you looking at me like that? It’s not like you haven’t seen me like this before."
“You don’t have to thank me, Steve. I’m happy to do this. We all have our bad days.” Steve nodded and returned to the elevator. Natasha sighed. She'd never seen him look so tired. What had he seen?
There were always betas, but they couldn’t curve his heat if or when it came. Yet Howard found him attractive even after the serum.
Steve locked the bathroom door and turned on the shower. Hoping the running water would drown out the sound of him crying. He shed his wet torn clothes and got into the shower. Steve opened one of the shampoo bottles. It was a neutral smelling soap. He was quick to wash. Steve dried himself off, wrapping the soft towel around his waist. He glared at his clothes. They were dirty and soaked in the scent of his distress. Putting them back on would make him feel filthy. There was a knock on the door.
Now that Pierce was aware of the girl's abilities, there would be more pressure for results. Lena had always been one to thrive under pressure.
“It made me feel sick inside,” said Piper. It was easier to focus on what she’d done than thinking of her parents. They would be ashamed.
Being who they were it would put their child at constant risk.  S.H.I.E.L.D. sent him around the world for varying amounts of time he could miss out on an important part of his pup's life. He would have to cut back. After this, he was more than happy to do that.
"But he's human." They all were even the bastard locked in the room behind her. "Sir only wants to talk to Steve get a rise out of him. Suicide by Avenger. It would glorify him as a martyr for his cause."
Lena took the key from under the doormat. She dropped her bag by the front door. The entire house was asleep. She went up the steps quietly, careful to avoid the squeaky one, then opened the door to Carl’s room. She kneeled by his bed and tears welled in her eyes, only just now realizing how much she missed her pup.
“Tony, do you think I’m an idiot,” said Rhodes. Tony gave him an assessing glance. "Don't answer that."
Tony ignored the image. It may have only been a child’s drawing, but the poorly drawn symbol was enough to frazzle him slightly.
Piper shook her head refusing to look at her. Instead, she chose to focus on Winter's metal fingers.
“Is it hot in there? Feel a little stuck? Like a little turtle, cooking in his little turtle suite,”
He was never informed of her academic progress, but he was sure it was equally remarkable. Every day, after class, she told him what she learned. Most of it went over his head, so he politely nodded along. She added sign language, French, and Dutch to her repertoire. The only thing the pup was unfailingly terrible at despite frequent training, was lying. She couldn't lie if her life depended on it. One day, it likely would.
"That's normal given its significance in your life. It was an extremely traumatic event," said Barny.
Tony sat him on the lumpy couch pressed. He took a plain donut from box Happy dropped off. Tony put in Steve's hand. It looked like he needed some sugar. He sat quietly next to Steve as he ate. Tony his fingers down Steve’s back. Some of the color returned to Steve’s complexion.
Steve didn't care. No, omega unapproved omega was allowed near his alpha. He rubbed himself against the alpha covering him in his scent. Every omega would this alpha was taken. Steve snapped out the instinctual state of mind.
"It was how she looked at me. She doesn't trust me," said Steve. That intimate trust granted between them at her birth had vanished.
“A lot can be gained by such interactions,” said Fury. Sir hadn’t reacted to Romanoff. A pissed off super-soldier may have a better chance of making him squirm.
“Little Miss, are you okay? Your heart rate is spiking. Do you want me to fetch one of your parents?”
“I’ll move if you give me one good reason why I should allow you to keep punishing yourself like this.”
He walked to the living room window, glaring down at the mass of people gathered outside. Their intentions were good, but he did not want them here. Instead of wasting their time here, they could be keeping an eye out for Piper. He was so tired of having to keep up the show for them. He and Tony had to keep dragging themselves to the police station to discuss leads that they knew would likely go nowhere. It was expected of them. Steve couldn’t stop himself from going in person if there was the promise of something that may lead to Piper. Even though he knew it was a useless effort.
Tony spotted Piper sitting at the grand staircase, staring blankly at the front door. She was dressed in green pajamas with yellow construction equipment patterning it. The real oddity about the image was she wearing an old bowler hat. Its rim hid her eyes.
She left him to change into the clothes set aside for him. They stayed site for a while, before going to the Romanian division base. They had a staff of twenty people. Ten researchers and ten agents. Luckily, a majority of them spoke English, so Steve had a bit more sense of what was going on. He should have taken another langue in school. Steve and Natasha were given a room to share.
Steve stared mesmerized into deep brown eyes. Ready to be bred and potentially mated by Alpha. There was no fear. He kissed and licked at Tony’s chin, whimpering so ready to be taken. Alpha rocked their wet heated forms together. Steve bared his neck whined, begging Alpha to quicken the process. Steve rolled his hips against the alpha's desperate to be breached. Alpha growled against his neck. Without thinking, but not caring once he’d done it, Steve went to his knees, pushing his rear to Alpha. Legs spread, knees parted, presenting himself before the alpha. Moaning, when alpha's hand finally landed on his skin. Steve trembled, the want all but scorching him inside. He was a creature of senses and need now, following his instincts, and it was
Winter woke first. How long had he been out? A curtain separated him from the pup. He easily broke the restraints on his arms; something he'd never done before. They were in a locked recovery room. His injuries had hardly been attended to and he ached badly, but his pain was not a priority.
“I would say so. Saving the world, getting married, starting a family, and being kidnapped. Very big events." Each would subject would likely require a lengthy time to address and access. He wished Steve had gotten in contact with him of his own volition. But he was willing here, and that's what mattered at the moment.
