Gabriel was more subdued than usual but Castiel chalked it up to the day’s events. When they got home, Sam was asleep on the couch but Ellen was acting odd as well. The older woman would barely meet his eyes while she provided a brief run through of what the kids had done before going to sleep. She seemed to be in a hurry to leave, but promised to return the next day to help with the kids while Castiel recovered. Dean walked her out while Castiel changed into pajamas. The doctor said he could sleep, but had to be woken every two hours which was why Sam was staying.
Dean sat in his usual spot on the couch and pulled the box closer. He removed the top layer of paper and frowned a bit. He pulled out the first book, a Brazil travel guide, and gave Castiel a confused smile. “Books… cool babe.”
Dean smiled so wide, his cheeks hurt. “Awesome. Now, you wanna go watch a movie? I got some of the stuff to make that caramel popcorn you like.”
Castiel arched a brow again. “Is that so? Why not? Do you think is just for women? What about me, Dean? Am I less of man because I dance?”
“Fuck!” Dean canted his ass back even further trying to meet Castiel’s hips. His hands frantically scrambled over the wall in front of him as he tried to brace himself. His moans became louder and Castiel internally preened at how much of a mess he could turn his husband into.
“You bit-. Very funny Jo.” He turned to the teacher when he heard his soft chuckle. Even that was sexy as hell. Get a hold of yourself Winchester; Jo is right there! Along with his love for ballet, Dean had successfully hidden his bisexuality from his family for almost a decade and he wasn’t about to change that now… Dammit…
“Seriously?! You sure?” He couldn’t believe it. He’d had Meg on the lookout for almost seven months now.
“Well, we can do a few more tests today if you can stay a bit longer. Others will have to be scheduled. I’ve got some literature here you can read. I want you to start eating a restricted sodium diet. Try to keep it under fifteen hundred milligrams a day. I’m also going to write some prescriptions. One is a diuretic to try and flush out any excess sodium and the other is for Valium.”
Friday came and Dean struggled to contain his excitement. He had it all worked out. John and Mary would sneak in after they left and deliver all the dog supplies while Sam and Gabriel would meet them later with the puppy.
“Dean, I promise, I didn’t—” Naomi. Castiel should have known. She was way too interested in Dean when they spoke all those months ago. “Oh.”
Castiel and Dean listened intently as the doctor went over the results of each test and asked questions when needed. A lot of it was technical and involved aspects of the balance system they didn’t even know existed. Dr. Adamson was patient and provided thorough explanations in a way that made sense.
“It was on the table when I came in. It’s a guide book the rental company put together. It’s got local shops, tours, beaches, family places, things like that. Somebody put a lot of work into this. Take a look.” He pushed the book over for Castiel to examine.
He pushed those thoughts aside and cleared his throat. “Hey man, I didn’t mean anything by it. Of course, they’re awesome. I was just tryin to give my sister a compliment.”
“Pretty much. That was… ugh! Ya know, we haven’t always been the best team. Hell, I remember us called them the 'Ain’ts' back in the day, but we didn’t
Castiel felt a weight lift off his chest he hadn’t even realized was there. Katie somehow said exactly what he needed to hear. There was no “wrong” way to cope with this major change. It was alright to be upset; to get angry. It was alright to be happy; to try and be normal. He could feel however he wanted. For the first time since he got sick, he felt truly hopeful. He was going to be ok.
“Alfie stepped in. Said he agreed with Hannah. And then Jo started in on him and Ellen came in too. Sam said they got pretty loud. Jo was about to punch your cousins and Meg wasn’t far behind.”
Meg barked out a laugh which she tried to turn into a cough as Raphael glared between the two of them. “I don’t remember you being a part of this conversation Balthazar.”
“Likewise.” They stood in awkward silence for a few moments before Castiel asked, “Are you settling in ok?”
Her eyes widened. “That’s rare. And a definite possibility. Like I said, this isn’t my specialty.” She pulled out a card from her desk and handed it over. “This is a friend of mine. He’s a neurotologist. His specialty is working with neurological disorders of the inner ear and he would definitely have more answers for you.”
“You forgot something as important as that in your eighty-five checklists?” Dean looked at him in mock horror. “I’m shocked.”
They said their goodbyes to the shelter staff and reminded them to keep the secret for a few more days before heading back to his childhood home. His parents had graciously agreed to keep the puppy for a few days so he could surprise Castiel on their Friday date night. He helped set everything up, said his goodbyes to his parents and new puppy, and headed home.
Mary walked over to Meg and hugged her. He had never seen Meg so uncomfortable before. If he wasn’t holding the puppy, he’d have snapped a picture. She pulled back and beamed at the stunned woman. “Thank you dear. I know how much you’ve done for Castiel since he started here. Thank you for helping Dean with this too.”
“To be fair, I did threaten him with being on the receiving end of a prank if he didn’t help me. So, don’t be too mad ok?”
“And then when Ben started in school, she tried to convince them I was some kind of pervert and I should be barred from campus.”
Dean left the puppy with his mom and brother while he took care of all the paperwork. Then he picked out a few things from the attached pet supply shop for the puppy. He didn’t need much. He had been squirreling supplies away at his parents’ house for months now. He did get her a fancy black leather collar with pink diamonds and matching leash plus some of the same pet food she’d been eating at the shelter.
Dean stepped out of the house behind him. His husband held a covered plate filled with raw burger patties for the grill. He dropped a kiss on Castiel’s head as he passed and spared a pat for Storm. His husband hadn’t changed much. He was a bit softer around the middle and constantly grumbled about it (though he would never give up the pie that Castiel suspected was the culprit). Castiel didn’t care about the extra pounds. Dean still lit up like a kid whenever Castiel baked and he preferred Dean’s excitement over a slightly flatter stomach.
The whole family was getting better at sign language. Castiel, Dean, Sam, and Jo had enrolled in a once-a-week class at the local deaf center and would then go home and teach the children what they’d learned. Their instructor, Eileen, understood the situation and was very helpful. Sam was quite enamored with the young woman right from the start but tried to play it off, insisting that it was pointless if she would struggle to understand his attempts at conversation.
Thanksgiving was an intimate affair. The kids weren’t entirely sure what was going on, even though their fathers had tried to explain, but they understood food and were excited. Dean made four pies with Patience’s help. Though, the little girl needed to have her hair shampooed twice by the time they finished. Ellen, Bobby, Sam, and Gabriel joined them for dinner and the girls decided that it would be an excellent idea to give their uncles a makeover after the last plate was cleared. Everyone had a laugh at Sam and Gabriel’s expense and more than a few photos were taken (“Christmas card material, Sammy!”). All in all, their first Thanksgiving together was a success.
Dean gave him a sad smile before pulling out the wrapped object. He removed the plastic and looked at the framed letter from the adoption agency. His brow scrunched in confusion as he read before his eyes shot wide. His mouth dropped open and his lip quivered as he looked up at Castiel. “I-is this for real? Are we gonna be daddies?”
Castiel sat nervously while the two men stared at him. Dean’s eyes widened a bit. “Oh, there it is! Damn, Cas. That is freaky.”
Castiel chewed on his lip. There was no point in lying now. He sighed heavily. “Yes. I got the e-mail this morning. Happy now?”
A glance at the trash bag showed it getting pretty full, so Dean tied it up and headed to the can along the side of the house. His neighbor was there just on the other side of the low brick wall separating their yards when he rounded the house.
As they walked, Cas’s hand may have “accidentally” grabbed Dean’s and Dean may have been to “distracted” by their conversation to pull away.
Castiel leaned forward and nipped Dean’s neck. “I should punish you.” Dean whimpered. “But perhaps I’ll save that for another time. I don’t have the patience right now to delay having you.”
“I decided to try my hand at soap and candle making. The raw beeswax doesn’t sell all that well, so it’s been piling up. Sam actually suggested this. He said people ‘eat up’ artisanal products.” He pulled out a few different types of candles and a several varieties of soap. He then set out some bee-shaped pieces that were too small to be soaps.
Castiel just looked at him with glazed eyes before nodding slowly. It’s fine. It’s fine. Just taking care of my friend. Dean took a breath before reaching down and undoing the button on Cas’s pants. He felt eyes on him the whole time and tried to keep his hands from shaking as he pulled down the other man’s jeans. Cas lifted his hips to help, but otherwise stayed silent. Dean tried not to stare as inch by inch of skin was revealed. He looked up to Cas to find the man watching him with hooded eyes. He turned away and finished getting the pants off before scrambling to cover the now bare legs with the blanket. “Thank you Dean.” Castiel said softly.
After four months of sleepovers, Sam and Eileen finally showed up one night to meet Dean’s new friend. They were surprised when Castiel opened the door barefoot in a t-shirt and sweats looking every bit like he lived there. It didn’t even look like he’d tried to control his hair. “Hello. You must be Sam and Eileen. I’m Castiel. Please, come in.”
Dean entered the lobby of the dance studio and sighed in relief at the feeling of the air conditioning. It wasn’t too hot out yet, but he hadn’t been able to find a closer parking spot and had to park almost two blocks away. Shucking his overshirt, he looked around trying to find Jo. He was a little early, so he figured if she wasn’t done yet, he could watch the end of her practice. After speaking to the woman at the reception desk, he followed her directions to one of the larger studios and walked in.
After gently removing his fingers, Castiel lubed up his cock and lined himself up. He pushed into his husband slowly, relishing in his wet heat. By the time his hips met Dean’s ass, they were both panting. Castiel paused and placed more kisses on the man in front of him. “You feel so good Dean.”
Their second date was to see a movie. Dean picked up Castiel in his gorgeous vintage Impala which he immediately complimented. Dean proudly patted the dashboard at that and wore a smug smile for the next few minutes. Castiel was surprised when Dean pulled up to a drive-thru. He shouldn’t have been though, because of course Dean Winchester would bring him to the only remaining drive in theatre in a fifty-mile radius. He parked the car before offering to get food and wondered off to the snack stand. He returned wearing a child-like grin and holding the biggest bucket of popcorn Castiel had ever seen along with a tray of drinks and a bag of licorice which he insisted was essential. They were playing the original Red Dawn and Castiel was amused by Dean’s love of Patrick Swayze and his constant commentary on the Wolverines’ guerrilla tactics. By the end of the movie, they were snuggled up together under a blanket Dean had pulled from the trunk. Castiel was tucked under Dean’s arm and the other man had started stroking his fingers through his hair at some point. As the credits rolled, Dean placed a kiss to the top of his head before starting the car and leaving the lot.
Once all of the testing was done, Dean was able to accompany Castiel to his follow-up appointment with Dr. Adamson. Dean parked the Impala and Castiel shot an anxious glance at the door of the clinic. They were going over his results today and he was very nervous.
After a few minutes of silence, Castiel opened the door. His eyes were red-rimmed, making his normal blue irises so much brighter. “Hello Dean.”
By the time they had showered and dressed, there was an hour left until their appointment. It was only a twenty-minute walk but they left anyway to explore a bit. They moved slowly and Dean teased Castiel for taking so many pictures but would then point out a new thing for him to photograph. They were pleasantly surprised to find a park a block away from the house where the kids could play and discovered a few more little stores they agreed to check out later.
Balthazar waved a hand dismissively. “Psh! You’re no fun Cassie. And I promise, there will be no damage to your property… probably.”
Dean caught up with him as he spoke with the scheduling nurse about his therapy and other follow-up appointments. “You ok?”
WaywardAngel: Have you ever even tried? Or are you always this judgmental about things you know nothing about?
Cas. Cas had asked him to keep it down. At the time, Dean just thought he had a little social anxiety and that explained his standoffish behavior. But maybe his new neighbor was just a dick who ratted him out to the HOA for having a few people over.
Max tugged on Castiel’s sleeve and pointed to one of the tortoises. Its shell looked a little odd and Castiel tried to point out a few others thinking there may be something wrong with the first one, but Max was adamant.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Don’t call me that Gabe.” He turned his gaze to Dean. “I’m sorry Dean. My brother here had expressed his annoyance at not having been able to ‘pull one over on you’ and asked for my help.”
Claire snorted before sniffling a bit. Castiel pulled a leftover napkin from their earlier snacking from his pocket and wiped her face. “Are you ready to go?”
Castiel’s visit with the neurologist was terrible. He waited for two hours and had to call work to let them know. Mr. Adler was not happy and Balthazar texted him soon after that Raphael had overheard and was strutting around the office like the cat that got the canary.
Michael and his girlfriend, Lucifer and his wife, Hannah and her husband, and Anna and her girlfriend sat in a large circle around the firepit talking with Katie and Balthazar. Hannah had apologized for her behavior when Castiel first got sick and they made up years ago. Seeing his cousins made him think of Alfie. Their relationship had never truly recovered and Alfie had never actually apologized. He moved to New York after he finished his arts degree and they rarely heard from him.
Reading over the files, Castiel was a bit confused. The way the e-mail was worded, he had been under the impression that they had been matched with a few different children and they had to choose. Instead, what came up on the screen was a photo of a group of three siblings. While they had indicated on the application that they would be open to groups of siblings, they had not actually expected to matched with one. They were also a bit younger than Castiel had expected. The oldest girl, Patience, was only five. Then there was a set of twins, Max and Alicia, who would be turning three next month. They were beautiful. All three had light brown skin and dark hair. Patience and Alicia had chocolate brown eyes while Max’s appeared to be hazel. Castiel wanted nothing more than to board the first plane to go get them. He glanced over at Dean who was staring at the photos with watery eyes. His husband looked up at him and smiled. Castiel raised his brows in silent inquiry and Dean nodded in agreement. That was that. Both sets of eyes returned to the screen to read about their children.
excuse to give someone a fine. I mean, haven’t you seen her walking around with a measuring tape checking the length of the grass?”
Claire studied his face. He wasn’t sure what she was looking for, but after a few minutes, she smiled softly. “Yea. We can try. You don’t seem so bad. For an old guy anyway.”
It wasn’t until he sat down in the break room to eat his lunch that he was free to check his e-mail. Most of it was junk. Oh, there was the shipping confirmation for the birthday present he ordered for Gabriel. His brother was weirdly specific in his gift requests. Usually, they were for some sort of baking tool only manufactured by little European companies. At least it would get here in time.
Dean grinned and moved to kneel next to her. As little of the language he understood, he responded as best he could. “You like?”
“Course not.” Castiel missed the worried look he shared with Gabriel in the rearview mirror. “It’s probably just the flu. Docs will get some fluids in you and you’ll be good as new.”
“I know. He’s wanted a puppy since we were kids. Ok, I gotta get back to work. I’ll see you this afternoon. And make sure nobody ruins the surprise!”
And there went his good mood. “Honestly? It sucked. They have to make me dizzy on purpose for the exercises and it’s awful. I really don’t want to go back.”
But he still kept dwelling on it. He really had no right to say anything. He’d just spent the last three hours in his underwear playing a virtual card game. He didn’t own his own house; he rented an apartment with Sam. He hadn’t been in a relationship in almost a year. Seriously? What the hell right did he have to act so high and mighty? That dude, chick?, was right. He should at least try World of Warcraft before he bashed it.
Balthazar was dropped off first and then Castiel. Meg insisted on him being next even though she lived closer to Balthazar’s place than his. As Castiel stumbled out of the car, she whispered something in Gabriel’s ear which made the older man blush. Castiel was so shocked by the sight that he stood frozen as Gabriel said a quick goodbye before speeding away. Shaking himself out of his stupor, he walked up to his door and struggled with his keys before Ellen pulled the door open.
The new diet wasn’t hard to follow. With five people to feed, they hardly ate out to begin with and much to Dean’s chagrin, Castiel had always preferred non-processed foods. There were some changes of course. Once they got to looking through their pantry, they were shocked at the amount of sodium in canned soups, sauces, and even vegetables. The new diet, along with the medication, did seem to make a difference. Castiel was still having dizzy spells, but the pressure and ringing in his ears had reduced a bit.
“Losers?” Dean cringed. He turned around to see the instructor standing behind him. “Is this what you think of my students?”
Castiel chuckled. “She would.” He walked around to the driver’s side and opened the door. “Oh, you might want to call Meg or Bal. They know too and were talking about planning the shower.”
Impala67: really. i could stay on the couch or at a hotel nearby. just until Gabe gets back. we could eat ice cream and burn balthadouche’s stuff
, misunderstanding once he took care of his friend. “Cas. Cas, come on calm down. Let’s go inside and sit, yea?”
He was given a clean bill of health at his follow-up appointment and the whole family quickly put the horrible health scare behind them.
Just before Dean closed the door, there came a whispered “Love you.” His head whipped around to look at the still form on the bed, but he had already fallen asleep. He watched him for a few more minutes with wide eyes trying to comprehend what he’d just heard.
“Damnit!” His opponent played a card that decimated his board. He growled in frustration; he really thought he had that match. Now he had to play several extra hands just to get back to where he was.
Benny was manning the grill while his daughter Elizabeth played with the rest of the kids. A pang of sadness washed through Castiel as he watched his friend. Andrea had passed in childbirth five years ago and it nearly broke Benny. Like when Castiel first got sick, the family banded together to help Benny raise his daughter and keep his new restaurant from going under. Elizabeth was a delightful little girl and Benny doted on her constantly. His restaurant was a huge success and Castiel and Dean had a date night there at least twice a month.
Meg blushed. Actually blushed. Dean felt like he was witnessing a rare phenomenon. It was right up there with spotting a double rainbow or maybe even finding a unicorn. “Well, Clarence deserves it.” She mumbled. She composed herself and put her trademark smirk on her face but her eyes seemed a bit softer than usual. “Come on Dean. Let’s get your paperwork done so you can take this little cutie home.”
Dean shifted to his side and pulled Castiel into his arms while being careful of the IV. He sniffed and grabbed a tissue from the table near the bed. “You uh, what do you remember?”
“I can do that.” He felt a kiss on the top of his head. They sat in silence for a few minutes. “Hey, Cas?”
“Well then. It seems you’ve found safe ways to channel your anger. Anything else I should worry about?”
Dean hauled another basket of apples out of the bed of his pickup to place on the table situated under a banner that read ‘Winchester Farm’. It was just after six AM; less than an hour until the market was due to open. The sun was just peeking over the horizon, but Dean had already worked up a good sweat unloading his truck. He normally had Sam or Eileen helping him, but the baby had colic and had kept them up most of the night. He pulled out a handkerchief to wipe his brow and noticed Castiel pulling up to his space.
Refusing to be cowed, Castiel straightened his shoulders and stood to his full height. He quirked a brow and kept his face in a mask of polite confusion. “Did you lose something Dean? Maybe a kind Samaritan found whatever you lost and mailed it back to you. Have you checked your mail recently?”
Castiel smoothly made his way to the other side of the room. The man really was graceful. Dean watched as he pulled his loose pants off revealing a pair of tights underneath. He had to remember to breath as Castiel went through a series of quick stretches before moving to turn on some music. He recognized the song, but couldn’t remember the name. That didn’t really matter though once Castiel started to move.
Opening the box in his kitchen, he couldn’t help but laugh at the giant chocolate penis nestled in the box with
Castiel slowly opened his eyes. Dean was crouched next to him while Meg and Gabriel stood nearby. “Got dizzy. Fell, I think.”
The five days since Castiel lost his job were interesting. Dean was distraught over Castiel’s job but more at the situation than the fact that they were down to one income. Bobby’s garage was doing well and now that all the adoption fees were settled and their mortgage had already been paid off, they only had utilities and groceries as regular expenses.
The date was perfect. Dean was just as funny and charming as Castiel remembered him being. He asked about Claire and how the gifts had gone over. Castiel was pleased to report that she was very excited about the items and had even given him a hug. He choked up a bit when he revealed that that was the first hug she’d initiated in almost two years and Dean moved to his side of the table to pull him into an embrace of his own. The contact was wonderful and Dean remained beside him for the rest of their date. Occasionally, they’d brush arms or legs and Castiel couldn’t help but lean into the small touches. They made plans to meet up again soon and departed with an extended hug which ended with Dean placing a chaste kiss on his cheek.
Castiel noticed Max next to the tortoise table, which had been dubbed “Tort Mahal”, when he got inside. The little boy spent a large portion of his time staring at his new pet which had been named George. “Hey, Max.”
“Of course she does. You’re her dad. Divorce is hard and kids get angry. Your ex isn’t helping matters, but she won’t be a kid forever. She’ll figure it out and come around.”
Three days later, their welcome home party was in full swing. Ellen and Bobby had arrived early to help cook. Ellen cooed over her new grandchildren and was delighted when Patience asked to help. Castiel stood in the corner snapping photos. While adorable, the image wasn’t nearly as memorable as Dean’s face when he came in from warming up the grill. His eyes almost bugged out of his head when he saw Bobby sitting in a little pink chair having a tea party with the twins.
Castiel knew how upset his husband must be. He’d heard stories of John Winchester. Dean practically raised his brother while John would disappear for days on end. Dean himself had considered telling someone what was happening but the fear of being separated from Sam had stopped him every time. That combined with the horror of what Max had gone through probably had Dean imagining himself in the little boy’s shoes and what could have been.
Ellen still ran the Roadhouse, but left most of the day-to-day operations to her staff. She loved being a grandmother and wouldn’t hear of the kids going to daycare when she was more than happy to watch them. Bobby had cut back on his working hours as well. He said it was good for Dean to have more responsibility, but everyone knew he was enjoying being a grandparent as much as Ellen was.
Alicia’s English was improving also, though she blended the two languages in odd ways which made it difficult for even Castiel to understand her at times. Their daughter could throw some impressive (and loud) fits and it wasn’t always clear if that was because of the language barrier or if she was simply being a toddler who didn’t get her way. When she wasn’t screeching, she was an affectionate and adventurous child. The little girl loved playing outside and made good use of their large yard. Her favorite place was the sandbox and every night they had to take extra care at bath time to clean away the grains from her scalp and under her nails.
Meniere's disease and hydrops are not very well understood by most doctors and there are many theories on the exact mechanics of these illnesses. Dr. Adamson's description is exactly how it was explained to me by my neurotologist.
Dean gasped in mock offense. “Old guy? Who you calling old guy? Bet I can handle this ride better than you. At least I can go on it by myself.”
Everything unpacked, the couple got dressed and ventured out to explore the neighborhood. There was a small bar and grill nearby where they enjoyed a few drinks and an early dinner. They then stopped at the market to stock their kitchen before heading back. Once the groceries were put away, the two men got ready for bed and snuggled up in their room to watch Netflix on their laptop before falling asleep.
Castiel opened his eyes and quickly closed them. The room wasn’t overly bright, but the low light still hurt his head. While it wasn’t as painful as before, there was still a dull throbbing against his temples. He eased his eyes open slower this time and looked around the room. It was obvious he was in the hospital. He noticed Dean asleep in a nearby chair with his head on the bed near Castiel’s hand. His husband looked terrible. He had a few days’ worth of stubble on his face and dark circles under his eyes. How long had he been here? Castiel raised his hand to stroke his cheek. Dean’s eyes fluttered open and he jumped when he registered the touch on his skin. He looked up with wide eyes. “Cas?”
“I told you; the sac that is causing these issues is one of the mechanisms responsible for balance. The body has three systems; the ears and its balance organs, the eyes, and the input from your nerves from where your body touches the ground. You need at least two of those functioning properly to keep your balance. Since the sac in the cochlea is damaged, Castiel’s body is relying on sight and the contact of his feet on the ground. When he closes his eyes, the body only has one system left.”
Dean leaned his head back against the wall trying to catch his breath and still letting out the occasional giggle. He closed his eyes and hummed. “So where do we go from here, man?”
After playing some games and winning some prizes, they moved on to the rides section of the park. All three went on the gentler rides, but when it came to the fast stuff, Claire went alone. Castiel got horrible motion sickness and Dean opted to stay behind with him. Together, they watched Claire have fun and chat with other kids. Dean made a point of wrapping his arm around the other man or holding his hand as often as he could. That always earned him a shy smile from Castiel and a thoughtful look from Claire.
There were a few more forms to sign, some final interviews, and a few vaccines they had to get, but they finally got the all clear and booked their flights.
Castiel almost dropped the dish he was washing when he heard a loud banging on the door. The noise continued until he opened the door to a practically snarling Dean Winchester who nearly fell inside when he brought his fist down onto nothing.
Castiel didn’t move. He just sat there, staring at the wall. All these months and he finally had an answer. He was relieved but also upset. This didn’t sound like it would kill him, but there was also no fixing it. He didn’t want to be like this forever. His lip trembled and he felt Dean’s hand on his shoulder.
Claire looked a little taken aback at that. She chewed her lip and looked down at her shoes. “Well… I’m not impressed easily.” She raised her eyes to meet Dean’s and took a step closer. She poked his arm with a small, yet somehow intimidating, finger. “He’s still my dad and you gotta prove you’re good enough.”
His other doctor came back to tell him his results. He said he had mild hearing loss in the low tones which was unusual because hearing loss starts with the high tones first. He also said his wife (who was apparently the audiologist) reported that he seemed to be missing things on purpose. He scolded him for trying to fake a hearing loss, told him to stop being so dramatic, and said he should probably see a psychiatrist. Castiel left the office mortified and cried for twenty minutes in his car.
Castiel and Dean arrived fifteen minutes early and signed in before being directed to the waiting room. Castiel looked around at the artwork adorning the walls while Dean examined the collage of children and their families that the agency had brought together.
“Horses are the only other animal approved by the ADA. They’re better for mobility work.” Castiel was slightly startled by the voice on his other side. He turned to see Katie sitting next to him smiling politely. She was quite pretty. She had full, pink lips; bright, sea-foam green eyes; and she sported a small nose piercing.
The e-mail opened and Castiel actually had to put the phone down so he could read it because his hands were shaking so much.
Claire narrowed her eyes. The look was so Cas-like it threw him off for a minute. “Why would I think badly of her?”
They talked and cried and talked some more over the next few hours. Dinner was just a few sandwiches as they were both too exhausted to cook. The couple fell into bed early thinking about the next time they would see their children.
Time passed strangely for Castiel. There were flashing lights and urgent voices. He could feel the bed below him moving and thought he may have been in a car at one point, but that didn’t make sense.
Dean was just finishing changing the oil in a neon green Mustang (seriously who would buy this?) when his co-worker Ash tapped him on the shoulder. “Ya got a call on line three man.”
Still clinging to him, Cas continued to cry. Dean slowly wrapped his arms around him and stroked his back as he tried to figure out how the hell this happened. He was finding it difficult to concentrate though. He had a large man who had become dead weight in his arms mumbling incoherently against his chest. He decided to try and work out this little, ok
“But there’s no cure. I’m always going to be like this.” Castiel angrily swiped at the tear that escaped down his cheek. “And I’m so fucking sick of crying!”
Castiel’s blood ran cold and an ugly feeling he couldn’t identify settled in the pit of his stomach. “She said that?” he choked out.
The official Greek Games between the fraternities and sororities on campus didn’t happen until the end of the year, but every few months, the fraternities held mini games. Usually held after finals or other stressful times around the school. Just silly things to blow off steam and have a little fun. The only prize was the bragging rights and nobody took them too seriously. There were usually frisbee, basketball, football, and soccer games. Plus nerf and paintball wars. Even board game and video game tournaments. Basically, if they could find a way to compete with each other, it would happen during the mini games.
Even with all the junk food that kid had consumed, she skipped off the ride with no problem while Dean had to pause at the nearest trash can to wait for his stomach to settle. He was really regretting that second corn dog when Castiel appeared at his side looking concerned. He rubbed his back while Dean tried to focus on breathing. Before he could wonder where Claire went, the girl was on his other side holding up a small styrofoam cup.
Before leaving the office, Castiel did some research on what to get for Dean. He typically only had an hour and a half to himself before his husband got home during which he usually made dinner, but if he wanted the surprise to be ready, he’d have to do most of his shopping before actually going out.
Castiel lowered his voice. “You know I prefer to do that myself. You look so gorgeous when you come apart around my fingers”, he softly scolded.
She got a mischievous gleam in her eye. “There is one major thing recommended for POTS patients.” She looked at Castiel and he gestured for her to continue. “Raising your sodium intake.” She giggled.
Dean was a bit nervous about learning yet another language as he was still very self-conscious over his French-speaking skills, but he felt better about the fact that the whole family would be learning together. Castiel was excited. He was willing to do anything to help Max and unlike the recommendations they’d gotten in Brazil, Charlie’s suggestions didn’t leave a bad taste in his mouth.
Gabe blew him a kiss and patted his cheek. “But you love me anyway. See ya!” He called as he strutted away.
Dean watched Claire carefully. So many emotions flickered over her face, he couldn’t decipher them all. He saw a lot of anger and sadness. Some confusion too. Finally, she landed on pain. Her eyes welled with tears and she launched herself into Castiel’s arms. “I’m so sorry daddy. I didn’t know. I’ve been so mad at you. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
Eileen dropped her face into her hands with a sigh before lifting her head again. “Ok, maybe he’s working up to telling us. Just don’t say anything.”
“Oh! I’m… not quite sure how I feel about that.” He chewed his lip and looked at the children again. Boys already? “Aren’t they too young for things like that?”
Dean went numb. He would never have that with Cas. He may not know what Cas wanted in a partner, but he knew that he loved his bees more than anything. Dean tried to listen when he spoke about them. He loved that Cas loved the insects but he just couldn’t muster the same enthusiasm and participation in the conversation that Cain could. He felt his eyes water and blinked away tears just as Castiel looked up at him. He smiled warmly, but Dean ducked his head and busied himself with straightening his produce. He could feel Cas’s stare on him, but he refused to look up.
Working as a tax accountant for Sandover Bridge and Iron was definitely not Castiel’s dream job, but he had good benefits and it paid the bills. At least that’s what he kept telling himself as he listened to his supervisor, Mr. Adler, drone on and on about finding new tax loopholes, exemptions, or incentives the company could take advantage of. His colleague and friend Balthazar didn’t seem to be faring much better. He was honestly starting to worry for the man’s health. Rolling your eyes that heavily would surely cause vision problems eventually.
Alicia was a bit more rough and tumble than her sister. While she liked dresses and skirts, she once told Dean it was only because they made going to the bathroom easier and had no problem getting her clothes filthy right alongside Max. She preferred to play with the boys whenever they went to the park and loved kicking around a soccer ball or climbing trees. She also enjoyed the baby dolls and tea set she had in her room and had a particular fondness for any play jewelry she would find whenever the family visited a store or gift shop. Her and Max’s relationship had only grown stronger and she rarely left her brother’s side.
Castiel resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Raphael always referred to their department head by his first name in what Castiel could only assume was his attempt to imply he outranked everyone, which he didn’t. Facing Raphael fully now, he fought to keep his tone somewhat cordial. “My husband and I have just been approved for adoption and will be going to get our new child. Mr. Adler is aware that we are going through this process and knows how long I will be required to be out of the office.”
Castiel tilted his head thoughtfully. “I think we should go back to the beginning.” He reached over and held out his hand. “Castiel Novak. I like honey bees and playing the occasional prank.”
After the costume shop, Dean drove them to a pumpkin patch. There was a corn maze attached that the kids were excited to explore. Near the exit was a small petting zoo and Patience squealed when she saw a pony dressed as a unicorn. Castiel and Dean shared an exasperated eye roll at the shameless ploy to get parents to spend their money, but naturally paid for Patience and Alicia to ride. Max shied away from the large animal and Dean took him to pet the goats. Rides over and ridiculously overpriced pictures paid for, the hunt for a few good carving pumpkins began.
“I’d really prefer something that won’t impair me. I have three small children and they don’t always sleep through the night.”
“I think we should. The doc said this is what you had to do and you’re thinking about not doing it.”
“Sounds like you’ve been through a lot. I’d like to do a quick exam and check on that concussion, but then you’re free to go. I would like you to make an appointment with my office when you’re feeling better. It doesn’t sound like your previous neurologist was very thorough, but I can’t do a more detailed exam while you’re concussed.”
Unwilling to let that sit until the next day, Castiel grumbled to himself all the way through changing into his yard clothes while simultaneously plotting his revenge.
, got a little too invested in the outcome. He didn’t even get to go on his first official date with Cas and already the man was witnessing one of his little freak-outs.
Castiel narrowed his eyes and glared at his husband for as long as he could before laughing. “Asshole.”
friends Cas. I just- I have some stuff I have to work through.” His lip trembled and he bit it before Cas could notice.
Her hair was pulled back into its normally severe bun and her eyes studied him with the same intensity she studied every house on their street for HOA violations. “Hello, Castiel. How have you been?”
“I know Cas, but I think you have the right to under the circumstances. She said some people go into remission and she admitted that she wasn’t sure since this is not her area. Let’s see what this new doc says. One step at a time, right?”
“That was the plan. Cajun and French cuisine. I used to dream of opening a club, but a restaurant and bar is close enough. Don’t fret my dear.”
“He fired Alfie?” Castiel couldn’t believe it. Gabriel cared deeply for Alfie and had been thrilled when their younger cousin had asked to work with him.
After spending the last two hours of his workday reading online reviews and calling stores, he had his choices narrowed down and a to-do list made. He then called Ellen to order Dean’s favorite burgers since he wouldn’t be cooking, before calling Gabriel to ask his brother to drop off a pie at the Roadhouse.
Max said his first words just before the one-year anniversary of their adoption. He still didn’t talk much and usually preferred to sign: generally only speaking at school or when around someone who couldn’t sign. Nobody minded. Most of the family had become fluent anyway since so many members were deaf or hard of hearing. If Max chose not to speak, no one was going to make him. He was also doing well in school: he had good grades and had joined the soccer team. Max even had a small group of friends who were learning to sign as well. He and Jack had grown thick as thieves over the years and the two would stay up late into the night signing with each other.
“Castiel.” He covered his face with his hands and groaned. “Is she going to cause problems for me at the school?”
Eileen was glowing and looking at Sam like he hung the moon. “He learned to sign for me so we could be on equal footing. Which is only fair, since he’s so tall.”
“Yes. These boxes contain some photos and other personal items that have been kept in storage for them. The bags are for clothes and toys. There is not much. They grow so quickly and clothing is usually given to the smaller children when they outgrow things.”
Dean glared; his earlier ire restored. “Well I’d like to say I’d never been either, but you fixed that for me didn’t you?”
the ballet. Ever since he went with an ex-girlfriend to a local production of “The Nutcracker”, he’d been sneaking off on his own to watch performances and downloading ballet videos in secret. Sam would never let him live it down if he found out.
They spent the rest of the day together. They talked about a lot of things and Castiel couldn’t remember the last time he laughed so much. Dean was funny and sweet and he was good with Claire. Ben was a very polite child and Claire liked spending time with him. When the time came for them to leave at the end of the day, Castiel gladly gave Dean his phone number and was pleasantly surprised by the parting kiss Dean placed on his cheek.
Sam weaved through the crowd and pulled him and Dean into a hug. “It’s so good to see you! Where-” Sam cut off as he caught sight of the new additions to their family. “Is that them?” he whispered.
They’d already been there for several hours and with the news that it would be longer, Castiel desperately wanted a nap. However, he couldn’t sleep with his concussion so Dean crawled into bed with him and they talked.
The sidewalk in front of the bar was crowded with people who’d stepped out to take a break or have a smoke. He weaved his way through the black and gold colored fans and reached the bar. He nodded a greeting to Benny and ordered a beer. He could afford one or two. Leaning back against the bar as he took a sip of his beer, Dean scanned the crowd. He recognized a lot of regulars before his eyes landed on a new, yet still familiar, face. He walked over to the dark-haired man and waved to get his attention.
It seems their mother, Rosine, was originally from the Congo and had immigrated to the north of Brazil and settled in the city of Belém nearly a decade before. Their father, Nicholas, was from French Guiana. He was killed in a car accident when the twins were babies. Their mother then moved to the city of Recife in the state of Pernambuco shortly before dying of cancer six months ago. The children spoke very little Portuguese and instead spoke French. It was in part why the siblings were matched with them, since Castiel was fluent in the language. The only hang up was Max. The poor boy had not spoken a word since his mother passed. Before the final approval to take the children home, they would have to make sure they had a child psychologist in the area willing to work with him. They sent the agency an e-mail saying they were willing to take the children and included a promise to follow up with the info of a therapist when they found one.
The three soon-to-be-Winchesters had changed a lot in the short time living with their new fathers. Patience had become far more outgoing. She was obsessed with anything sparkly and loved helping Dean make dinner every night. Her English was coming along well, even though most of her vocabulary was food related. She was also an amazing big sister. Whenever one of the twins needed anything or got upset, she slipped right into the role of caregiver and helped them out. Castiel was careful not to let her do too much on her own, but she got upset the first few times he tried to thwart her attempts at mother-henning. Dean told him to let her be. As an older sibling himself, he understood the need to help take care of the little ones. Tying their shoes or kissing a boo-boo was not the same as the responsibilities John had dumped on his eldest.
Pamela furrowed her brows before understanding lit her eyes. “Was he older? Grey hair? Walked with a limp?”
Eileen elbowed Sam and gave a sharp nod in Dean’s direction. “Um, she’s not wrong Dean. You forget, deaf people are really good at reading body language. I’ve gotten pretty good too. You guys aren’t subtle. Really, we like Cas. You don’t need to lie.”
The twins fell asleep on the way and Castiel and Dean tucked them into their beds for a nap once they got to the house. Dean dragged the boxes of Halloween decorations from the garage and set them on the front porch before seeking out Castiel and Patience in the backyard. “Hey Cas, I put the decorations on the porch. Wanna get started?”
Castiel sat stunned. What the hell was that? He was normally very healthy and didn’t have to visit his doctor very often, but she had always been nothing but polite. Was this because he questioned her? No. That couldn’t be it. Why would she react that way to basic questions? Perhaps she was just having an off day. Doctors could have those too, right? He went over the conversation a few more times trying to find out what had caused her behavior change before he realized it had been a while since she left.
Dean crouched down next to their son. “Is that the one you want buddy?” He nodded. “Alright then, we’ll take him.”
The rest of the guests showed up in quick succession. Sam came next and Dean put him to work helping set up the projector to show photos and videos from their trip. Balthazar called to cancel due to what he said was food poisoning (but everyone knew that was code for a hangover or a weekend hookup he wasn’t done with yet). Benny took over grill duty while Andrea joined Jo and Meg in conversation. Garth carpooled with Cesar and Jesse and had brought an obnoxious bunch of balloons. Gabriel and Alfie arrived with a large cake and a few dozen cupcakes. Castiel’s cousins, Hannah and Anna, were able to make it as well.
“Some nausea, no vomiting, and only get out of breath if the attack is particularly bad. No headaches.”
While eating breakfast on the ninth day after the children came to live with them, Patience shyly asked how to say “dad” in English. Dean looked like he was ready to cry and Castiel had to refrain from bouncing in his seat. After testing out a few names they settled on “Daddy” for Dean, since it sounded like “Dad Dean”, and “Papa” for Castiel since that was the French version of daddy. Every time Patience or Alicia called them by their new titles, Castiel’s heart gave a little squeeze.
Castiel looked down to see Max snuggled close to his chest. He was freezing and the heat coming from the little boy was wonderful. He pulled him closer before his husband lifted his chin with a finger. “Cas?”
rescue. Ugh!” Lisa flipped her hair and snatched her purse from the ground with a huff. She walked over to Ben giving him a hug. Castiel watched her the whole time making sure she didn’t speak to Claire. Thankfully, she didn’t but she did scowl once more in his direction before storming out.
He sat entranced as the dancers leapt and twirled, with the instructor occasionally giving a piece of direction. He was amazed with Jo’s movements especially. How his tomboyish little sister could go from a knife-wielding bartender to this graceful creature was incredible. He hadn’t really seen Jo dance since they were younger and he’d been dragged to recitals, mostly against his will. Three hours in a dark auditorium were torture when he was ten years old. Now, three hours hardly seemed like enough time to fully appreciate art like this. Jo made her movements look effortless as she danced her way around the studio with a soft smile on her face. He vowed then and there to never miss another of her shows. Even if that meant he had to pretend that he was only there for
He opened his mouth to speak but stopped when she arched a brow. Ducking his head, he grabbed the bag before walking quickly out the door with Gabriel on his heels.
“Really Sammy. I mean Cas is great and um, ok I may have a little crush on him but I don’t think he’d- I mean. We’re just friends.”
Dean’s hand moved to his forehead. “Hmm, well you don’t have a fever. Maybe you just needed water. Could it be your anemia? You’ve been taking your iron pills, right?”
Dean looked back at Castiel and asked in English, “Did she just ask if that was for her?” Castiel nodded and Dean turned back to the beautiful brown eyes that were wide with hope. “Oui.”
“I made a pretty serious error in some paperwork. Raphael caught it and brought it to Adler. Him and some others have also been telling him that I’ve been slacking off for months.”
Ellen pushed him out on the porch and shut the door behind her. “Boy, are you drunk? Did you drive here?!”
Right behind them stood a tall man wearing a flannel shirt and jeans. He had a leather jacket in one hand and the other was clenched into a tight fist. He was practically vibrating in anger. Castiel would find him attractive if he hadn’t been so furious himself. “What the hell’s goin on here?” The other man snapped.
Lunch was leftovers from the party while Castiel and Dean got dinner started. They’d splurged on a honey-baked ham and only had to make sides. Dean baked all the pieces for a giant gingerbread house for dessert. The children loved putting it together even though in the end there was more icing on them than the house.
Castiel met his eyes and gave him a sad smile. “Thank you. It’s been rough on Claire, but she’s getting better.”
Castiel’s eyes flicked up to meet Dean’s before dropping back to their hands. “I know.” He took a deep breath and lifted his head back up to glare out the window at nothing in particular. “I know I’m not going to die, but finding out I’m never going to get better is almost as bad.” He clenched his free hand and concentrated on the sting of his nails against his palm to ground himself.
This was getting out of hand. Dean may have gone a little overboard after the glitter fiasco. Jo and Charlie assisted him into the wee hours of the morning in driving 1000 disposable forks (he willingly paid extra to get the compostable ones so Cas wouldn’t be too upset without stopping to think why) into Castiel’s yard.
He knew Dean was always nearby; sometimes talking to him, sometimes to other people. Where were his kids? Where was he? He didn’t recognize this room.
He walked into the store, giving the kid behind the register a nod. Wow… for a going out of business sale, there were not that many people in here. Dean could see a mom with two little kids by the children’s movies, some teenage girls by the romantic comedies, and a guy about his age near the 80’s movies. He grabbed a basket and headed in that direction.
By the time he returned, Cas had set up his tables and was unpacking jars of honey. Dean set down the coffee and started to help. Castiel tried to wave him off. “I’ve got it Dean. Go finish at your station.”
“Guess so. Look, I mean it. I really care about him and I could see myself falling for him. But you’re the most important thing in his life. If we can’t get along, he’s gonna pick you over me. I wouldn’t have it any other way but can we at least try to get along?”
Castiel was pleased so many of his cousins showed up. Growing up, his family had been deeply religious. When he came out in high school, his parents, Naomi and Chuck, were shocked. To their credit, they did try very hard to be supportive even if they struggled with it at times. His aunts, uncles, and several cousins were not so understanding. Many chose to cut ties when it became clear his parents were not going to cut him off. It caused a lot of strain and when his parents died in his freshman year of college, most of their siblings didn’t attend the funerals. Only a handful of cousins chose to stay in contact after that.
“I don’t know. I suppose I could go stay with Gabriel for a while. I don’t know if want to stay here or not.”
He rolled over to his back to sit up when a dark-haired man around his own age descended upon him. With a predatory look and a macabre grin, he lifted his gun and took aim. Dean raised his hands in a silent plea for mercy, but the stranger could not be reasoned with. With an almost silent chuckle, he pulled the trigger… and shot Dean right in the dick.
Dean opened his mouth to speak before closing it again and shaking his head. “Yea. Just somethin I have to deal with.” Cas looked up at him with sad eyes. Dean bent down to grab a basket. “How was Cain’s visit? You two looked like you were having a good time.” Crap. He should have just kept his mouth shut. He could hear the bitter tone in his voice.
Following his humiliating defeat during the nerf gun battle, Dean had some lunch before moving on to a different event. This one was a car wash competition. The sorority girls had volunteered their vehicles for the challenge. It was simple; see who could wash and dry a car the fastest. Dean had this one in the bag. He’d been washing Baby since he was ten and he was damn good at it. The horn sounded and off they went. There were around twenty guys in the lot. Dean hardly spared anyone else a look as he furiously went over every inch of the little Toyota he was cleaning. Any time he did take a glance, he could see that he was well ahead of everyone else. When the time came to rinse, he lifted his hose and… nothing. No water was coming out. What the hell? It was fine when he started. He gave the hose a few tugs in case there was a kink, but nothing happened. Swearing, he ran to the end to try and find the problem when he noticed the hose had been
Thanks to his calling ahead, Castiel’s little shopping spree had barely taken twenty minutes. It left him more than enough time to grab their dinner and get everything boxed up. He still had to make a conscious effort not to speed and impatiently tapped his fingers on the steering wheel throughout the entire drive to Ellen's.
“Alright. Someone will come by to get you soon.” With one last look at Gabriel, Dr. Kali left the room.
They started meeting every Friday. Sometimes Dean would bring a DVD to Castiel’s house, but usually Cas would go to Dean’s (after all, Dean had the bigger TV and the better sound system). Dean would make homemade pizza or burgers and Cas would bring the popcorn (you told me popcorn was essential, Dean). Sometimes they would get so caught up in talking that it would get too late to start a movie. Saturdays became their movie make-up day and eventually, Castiel just started sleeping in the guest room (which quickly became
The children were starting to notice something was wrong and Castiel was nearly caught at work with his head on his desk during a spell. He’d worked out a system with Balthazar; he’d text him when an episode started so his friend could play interference. He had come to Castiel’s rescue again to distract Mr. Adler just as his boss was about to walk in without knocking. It was getting ridiculous.
“They’re only slight movements and usually only happen when your balance is off or during an attack. At that point, you probably wouldn’t notice them. They’re also hard to see unless you’re looking for them. Dean, come here.”
That was it. The Saints were robbed of their trip to the Superbowl. There was a lot of cursing still, several people left in anger, and one guy bought everyone a round of shots. He and Cas accepted their shots before he couldn’t handle it anymore and pulled Cas towards the exit.
He smirked and turned to Castiel as the door closed. “Ok bro, sounds like you’re gonna be here for a while. I’m going to head back to your place and help with the cleanup.”
“Oh come on. Don’t be like that. I think they’re cute. I never would have thought of doin something like that.”
“Not really. I assume you have a reason for your actions. I may not be able to fully empathize with you, but I’d like to try.”
The woman was just as cheerful as he remembered. She performed a few more balance and nerve tests that the other doctors hadn’t and spent a good thirty minutes going over his medical history and his new symptoms. When he told her what happened at the ENT, she was shocked but also… pleased?
Meanwhile, the Superbowl was reportedly one of the least-watched in years and was the lowest-scoring of all time. Not surprising when half the stores in the city seemed to be selling NFL voodoo dolls.
“Ok, I’ll put some aside for ya.” They finished setting out all the jars and some blocks of beeswax. Castiel then pulled out another box and started setting up a new display.
Dean sagged and sat on the edge of the bed staring at his hands. “Then tell me what to do. I don’t know what to do for you Cas. I’ve been trying to hold us together. Trying to stay positive for you. These last few months have been hell.” His husband looked up at him, eyes shining with tears. “I love you so much, and I can’t… I see you suffering and I can’t
“She may try. I don’t think it would do her much good though. It would probably just end up making her look bad after what she tried to do to me.”
“Don’t. I wasn’t completely lying. Dogs like her are usually sent to specialty rescues. She would have been too if the director didn’t know how long you’ve been trying to find the perfect puppy.”
Cas stumbled and giggled the whole way until he collapsed on his bed with a sigh. Dean left him for a minute to retrieve the bucket and yet another bottle of water. Cas hadn’t moved and was just staring at the opposite wall. “Cas. You gotta get comfortable. At least get those jeans off.”
“He’ll be alright. They’re all fine, I promise. I’ve been going back twice a day and Gabe would sit with you while I was gone. You’ve been here three days, babe.”
Could he ask Sam? He dismisses that plan just as quickly. No way Sam would have known about this and kept it to himself. He would never betray Dean’s trust, but he wouldn’t let him hide something like this for long either. As much as Dean would hate it, he would have given in eventually if only to make Sam happy (or to shut him up).
He all but stormed down the sidewalk towards his house only occasionally checking that Castiel was following. He could feel the other man studying him, but he remained silent. This was it. This thing between them would be over before it even started. This was one of the reasons Lisa left. She said his football obsession was ‘unhealthy’. What the hell was wrong with being passionate about something? It wasn’t like he blew all his money on merchandise; he just liked to watch all the games and occasionally, ok
Ellen came in with aspirin and water. He thanked her and took the pills before putting his head back on the pillow. This was ridiculous. He didn’t have dementia. Remembering his husband’s advice to not panic until he knew anything for sure, Castiel did his best to relax and try to sleep. He and Dean were going to have a long talk when he got home.
Ugh, he needs to take a piss and drink about a gallon of water. A glance at the clock shows that it’s earlier than usual, but maybe a nice greasy breakfast will help him feel better. He can always shower after cooking.
“Doesn’t help when you’ve got insomnia.” Castiel grumbled and ran his fingers through his hair making it even messier than it was before he pulled up. He yawned again as he walked to the back of his truck.
“Oh yea. He’s got a split scute. It happens sometimes. It won’t affect him health wise but some people want them more for looks so I usually discount those.”
Castiel was getting dressed for work when his phone chimed. Thinking it was probably spam, he ignored it as he struggled with his tie. He could never get the damn things on straight without Dean’s help. He muttered a curse before giving up and digging in his closet for a tie with the knot still intact. Finally finding one he could slip on, Castiel finished getting dressed before grabbing his cell and his keys and heading off to work.
“Turn around love,” Castiel murmured as he removed his hand. The two men shuffled around until Dean was facing the wall with his hips cocked up. He wiggled his ass impatiently. “Brat.”
Balthazar pulled into his driveway. “Call me if you need anything. Or if you need to…” he struggled to continue, “
“It’s possible, but I doubt it. Most people who deny being stressed do so because they don’t want to acknowledge that they’re not in control. I’ve gotten to know you over the past few months and your behavior doesn’t match that of someone in denial. You face every issue with Max head on and have voiced it when you’re concerned. I think you’d admit it if you were feeling stressed.”
Dean led him outside where Castiel suspected he was also paying the man. It was nice of him to play along. They returned shortly and Ash put their new tortoise into the box.
“I’m really not stressed.” Castiel looked at the name of the medication. “Will this make me drowsy? I have work and my kids…”
“Yes. That sounds vaguely familiar.” He gave Dean a breathtaking smile. “Thank you for coming all this way Dee. I don’t know how I could handle this alone.”
Dean brought Castiel a spiked eggnog and they stood chatting with Jesse and Cesar when Sam walked in with a beautiful woman on his arm. Castiel nearly choked when he recognized that woman as Eileen. He nudged Dean and his husband looked shocked before a smirk settled on his face. He made his way to his brother and pulled him in for a hug. When he pulled back, he gave Eileen an obvious once-over. He signed as best he could as he spoke. “Alright Sammy! Dating the teach. If I wasn’t a married man…”
He showed them to a tote containing the tortoises. Max was enthralled and Castiel helped him look while Dean talked to the breeder a bit more about their setup and showed him some pictures of it on his phone.
Dean didn’t see Cas until the next day. Gabe had informed him that evening that Cas was a transfer and had come because their school had a better media department. Nobody else seemed to be having issues with him; just Dean. He ran into him a few more times during competitions. He always seemed to be gunning for him. It ranged from “accidentally” tripping him to having his hand “slip” and hitting him in the head with a frisbee. Or a hacky sack. Or a soccer ball. One time his shoe came flying off with suspicious accuracy.
Castiel saw the pain reflected in his husband’s eyes. Dean may not have seen his mother die but he confessed, after waking up from a nightmare early on in their relationship, that he had heard some of her screams as their house burned. He’d had those terrible dreams ever since that night and John had never wanted him to talk about it. Instead, he bottled his pain which would come out in fits of rage until Bobby and Ellen had taken the brothers in and insisted Dean see a psychologist. The nightmares didn’t occur very often after that, but it was clear they deeply affected him when they did. His husband’s message was clear: he was going to do whatever he could to help their children heal in a way John Winchester never did. Castiel sniffed. “Yea.”
He noticed a tick in her jaw and a barely suppressed eye roll. She all but snatched the prescription from him and wrote a new one. “This won’t be nearly as effective but if you insist…” She ripped off the page and handed it to him. “My nurse will be back in with those other referrals.” She grabbed her paperwork and brusquely left the room.
The rest of the night was spent researching everything they would need. Castiel read up on psychologists, tutors, and English teachers in the area while Dean was too busy shopping for the children’s bedrooms on his tablet. His husband wasn’t the least bit upset that his media room would now have to double as an office and they were both glad that they’d purchased a four-bedroom home even though they hadn’t even started the adoption process at the time.
“If that’s what you want. I’d give it some more thought though. I know how much you love this house Cas.”
“Ok Castiel, now we know for sure that something is going on. Nystagmus isn’t something you can fake and there are only a handful of causes for it. Now, let’s check your ears out.”
“I promise, it’ll be a lot of fun.” Dean checked his watch. “Hey look, Lisa usually doesn’t feed Ben before we meet up. We were gonna go grab some lunch down in the café. You two wanna join us? We can get to know each other a little better and then the kids can get right back to playing after.”
He huffed and swore a few more times to calm down before starting a new match. His opponent had a design on his cards he’d never seen before. They played a close match which the other guy won. This was just not Dean’s day. He sent the guy a friend request and then opened a chat.
Dean returned with Sam and the two of them helped Cas out to the car and loaded him in the back. Gabriel joined them with a pair of Cas’s shoes, a bucket, and extra rags for Castiel’s head and climbed in the back with his brother before they left for the ER.
Understanding he wasn’t going to change her mind on this, Castiel repeated his other question. “What side effects should I look for? Will this make me tired?”
For several minutes, the two men couldn’t stop laughing. Every now and then a word would slip out related to one prank or another and the laughter would start all over again. By the time they were able to calm down, they’d both collapsed to the floor and Castiel’s stomach was actually in a bit of pain.
“Oh man,” she gasped out. “You should’ve seen your face.” Jo was bent over with her hands on her knees, shaking with laughter.
“I got this Dean,” Katie cut in. “Look at me Castiel.” He lifted his eyes to meet hers. “What makes you think I’m handling things better than you? What makes you think you don’t have the right to be upset about your own health?”
Castiel squinted at him. Normally it was cute, but now it was obvious he was just having trouble focusing. “What happens tomorrow?”
“He does. And Falcon is trained to do several things. Mobility work, picking up dropped items, and he monitors my heart rate.”
“Why would you make me uncomfortable? Is it cause you don’t feel the same way? It’s ok Cas, really. I’m cool with just being friends.”
Chuckling, Dean pushed his friend to roll over. “Yea I know.” He chewed on his lip. It was no big deal, right? He’d helped Sam before. “You, uh… Want some help?”
Castiel’s shoulders slumped. “We decided not to. I didn’t want you to blame your mother. About a year after the divorce, she wanted to get back together. I couldn’t do it. Couldn’t go back to how things were. She got angry. Started telling you things. I—I didn’t want you to hate both of us, so I didn’t tell you.”
Claire was a snarky little thing. For thirteen years old, she had a hell of an attitude. She was quick and could make cutting remarks in such a way that it took a minute to realize she’d said something insulting. Dean quietly marveled on how Castiel could ever have thought she’d still want Barbie dolls. Then again, it was clear that the other man was a bit blind when it came to his daughter. Dean guessed it was the result of them having spent so little time together over the years and Castiel willfully ignoring her behavior; instead trying to indulge her every wish to gain her love.
Castiel rocked her and stroked her blonde hair. He made cooing noises and kissed her head. “It’s ok honey. I know. I know. I never blamed you. I love you so much.” His eyes landed on Dean and he looked so lost but so happy at the same time. Dean smiled at him and kissed his cheek.
Beeping from the moving van backing into the driveway had the man turning to walk towards it. His eyes met Castiel’s then and he gave a friendly wave which Castiel returned before turning back to his gardening. He knew how stressful moving could be without nosey neighbors jumping on the new arrival before they’d settled in. There would be plenty of time to get to know the man later.
Castiel led Sam closer to where the children were playing. Max, who had been watching curiously, sat down and curled into himself when he noticed the larger man approaching. Patience studied him and then smiled. They’d seen pictures and had Skyped with some of their new family members a lot over the last month. “Hi, Uncle Sam. Merci- um, thank you pour DVDs et… Papa, comment tu dis livres?”
Castiel could feel himself tearing up again. He gave his husband a wide smile while trying not to cry. “Yea Dean. We’re gonna be daddies.”
Once in the front yard, Castiel pulled out one of the bags. Patience giggled when she saw the silly pumpkin face and watched him open it up. He raked some surrounding leaves into a small pile and then scooped then into the bag. “You see? When it’s filled up, it will look like this.” He turned the box to show her the picture on the front.
Sam looked pained as he tried to form a smile, “Bye Becky.” She left the room and Sam turned to glare at everyone else who were all trying their best not to laugh. “Shut up.”
It finally came to a head during a beer pong match. Cas once again “lost his balance” and knocked into Dean’s elbow right as he released the ball. The little white ball completely missed the mark and bounced out of sight. Dean lost it. Rounding on Cas, he shouted, “What the
It was clear she had not been affectionate with him in a long time. He had noticed it on their previous dates; the man basically melted when he was touched. He knew it had been almost four years since the divorce and he hadn’t been in another relationship since then. He had no family besides a brother who lived on the other side of the country and the few friends that hadn’t sided with his wife, he wasn’t that close with anyway. Castiel was obviously touch-starved. He only had his daughter and Dean wasn’t sure if it was Amelia’s influence or if Claire was just that spoiled, but she definitely made him work his ass off trying to please her.
Dean worked at his uncle/surrogate father’s shop which specialized in classic cars. Bobby and Ellen had taken Dean and his younger brother Sam in when Dean was fourteen. Their mother had died ten years before that and their father didn’t stay around much. He had been a bounty hunter who sometimes left for days on end until finally, he disappeared for good. After two weeks on their own, Dean called Bobby and the brothers ended up staying with him permanently. The going theory was that their father had been killed while working a case, but since no body was ever found, they could never know for sure.
Dean’s answering smile looked relieved. He gave Castiel’s hand a soft squeeze before letting go to unbuckle his seatbelt. “Let’s go. Don’t wanna be late.”
Naomi’s eyes seemed to get a little brighter before she gave him a tight smile. “That’s good to hear. I’ll see you again soon, Castiel. Good day.”
Patience nodded and the three children followed them down the short hall with Dean bringing up the rear. Castiel opened the first door. “This room is for Alicia and Max.” Alicia peered in and screeched when she caught sight of the toys in the corner. The little girl dragged Max to the corner and started pulling everything out of the small bin.
It turned out that they could and Dean was even able to find a local breeder who had some. Dean sent him a quick email explaining the situation and rejoined the family. The kids got a few more Disney movies so they popped one in and snuggled on the couch with fluffy blankets and popcorn.
Aside from being woken up throughout the night, Castiel slept pretty well. Around mid-morning, Dean let Patience, Alicia, and Max into the room and they did another puppy pile around their Papa. When Ellen came to grab the kids for lunch, Castiel called Dean back before he could escape along with them.
“I know. Poor little Max. I don’t even care if he never talks again Cas. I just hated to see him so scared.”
They went to get burgers and split a milkshake at a local diner. Dean ordered them pie for desert and smirked at Castiel’s blush when he offered him a few bites from his own fork. The next hour was spent discussing the movie and other random subjects. It was comfortable. Castiel didn’t feel the need to try and impress this man like he had with other people. In high school and college, he’d been rejected more than once when his dates found out he was demisexual. No one seemed to want to put in the time if there was no guarantee of a physical relationship. He started to develop the habit of trying to be as interesting as possible in the hopes of keeping them around longer. That was how his relationship with his ex-wife started and in hindsight, that had clearly not been ideal.
sometimes. That’s it. Just let me be mad every now and then. You’re right, you can’t fix it. I don’t need you to. Just help me up after I fall.”
The week before they left, they had their baby shower. At least that’s what Gabriel and Balthazar called it when they organized it. It was one of the strangest parties Castiel had ever been to. Even though the invitations were custom made, they used a template designed for infant triplets and simply crossed out each ‘Baby” and wrote the name and age of one of the children over each one. Every surface was decorated in obnoxious shades of baby blues and pinks. There were stork balloons and banners proclaiming ‘It’s a Boy!’ and ‘It’s a Girl!’. The food was different though. Gabriel and Ellen decided to do a ‘Children’s Menu’. Mini cheeseburgers and chicken fingers along with cut up fruits and veggies. Snack bowls contained animal crackers and goldfish. The games they played were also not typical for a baby shower. There was a contest to see how many toddler show characters each person could identify (which oddly enough, Sam won). Castiel and Dean’s patience was put to the test when Gabriel and Balthazar acted the part of bratty toddlers pitching a fit to see who cracked first (which Castiel lost when Gabriel screeched like a dying cat). Finally, Castiel and Dean were each asked to demonstrate their hairdressing skills with Meg and Jo as their subjects.
Castiel cleared his throat and pulled his hand back. “So, um, Claire mentions Ben often. They seem to get along well.”
All along the aisle were bright yellow tags proclaiming all movies to be $2. Standing right in front of the action flicks was a dark-haired guy wearing a trench coat. He was holding a DVD and was studying the case very intently. He almost appeared to be scowling as he read the description with narrowed eyes. “Hey.”
The audiologist was just as rude as the doctor and he almost felt like he was inconveniencing her just by being there. She went through the instructions for the test, telling him to press a button whenever he heard a beep. The low tone in his ears that was now always present only became more noticeable as the noise cancelling headphones were put on. Sometimes he couldn’t tell if he actually heard anything or if it was just the ringing. The doctor snapped at him a few times to remember to press the button and by the time he left the booth, he somehow felt like he had failed, which was an odd reaction to have for a medical test.
Dean stared at his computer screen. One more win and he’d hit the next rank. He’d also earn more coins. He was so close to being able to buy a new pack. As long as this guy didn’t—
Dean participated in three more competitions before his saw his nemesis again. They were about the start the swim fin race. Dean had finally wrestled the silly rubber things onto his feet when the guy waddled to his side with a wide grin on his face. “Hi. Feeling better?”
Dean continued staring before his eyes once again hardened and he clenched his jaw. “You reported me to the HOA, man. I got a $50 fine for a BBQ.”
Castiel placed a gentle hand on his husband’s arm before murmuring lowly, “I know, Dean. Right now, I need you to calm down. We’ll discuss this at the house. Screaming in front of the agency won’t look good for us.”
“Alright, babe.” He could tell that Dean wasn’t buying the excuse, but his husband didn’t push. “I’ll go pull the car up, ok?”
“So, what’s going on?” Balthazar’s smile died a bit as he studied Castiel. He pulled out a chair and sat opposite Castiel at the table. “Are you alright?”
Patience studied the new room as she walked in. She looked at her own selection of toys and books before exploring the dresser. The little girl gasped as she pulled out a sparkly pink skirt. “It’s so pretty!”
Dean’s heart broke for poor Cas. He knew most of her close friends were online. She didn’t hang out with co-workers because apparently they found her ‘weird’ (yes, she used quotes). She wasn’t close to anyone in town but her brother but apparently that was out. He wished he could be there for her… wait, why couldn’t he? Lebanon was less than four hours from Lawrence. He could be there by morning. It was a Friday night. He could help her through the weekend and be back by Monday. She was asking for him. She needed him. He couldn’t just leave her like alone like that.
Dean waggled his eyebrows. “Yep. What about you, Cas?” Dean’s voice deepened the tinniest bit. “Do you like walks on the beach?”
Castiel spent extra time taking his husband apart that night and later they would agree it was one of the best Christmases they’d ever had.
Dean wasn’t sure he liked how vague she was being. They entered the puppy room and there with the staff vet Amelia, sat one of the cutest puppies Dean had ever seen. She had white fur on her chest that faded to grey on her back. She also had black and light brown patches down her back and legs and also formed a sort of mask around her face. And good Lord was she fluffy! He just wanted to scoop her up and run his fingers through her fur. As he got closer, she turned her face towards him and he noticed her piercing blue eyes. They were so bright, they almost glowed. He could see why anyone would be drawn to her.
An hour after getting back to his office, Mr. Adler called him in for a meeting. Castiel walked into the office to see Raphael sitting there as well. The man had a slimy grin on his face that immediately set Castiel on edge. Mr. Adler just looked annoyed, but that was his default so Castiel wasn’t sure what to think.
Now that Benny was busy trying to open his restaurant, Dean was not able to take time off from the shop for each of Castiel’s appointments. While Castiel had been initially nervous about seeing Dr. Adamson after his other experiences, he was now quite comfortable with the man and didn’t mind going alone. Unfortunately, that wasn’t really an option either. Many of the tests they were doing really screwed with his balance. After the second appointment, he was so dizzy that it was nearly an hour before he felt steady enough to drive. It was embarrassing enough asking Balthazar to drive him to the doctor for the next test, but his friend’s shameful flirting with everyone in the building was far worse. From then on, he asked Ellen.
After the door closed, Castiel huffed. What the hell? Why were so many of his doctors treating him this way? He should have accepted Dean’s offer to come with him. He pulled out his phone and texted the other man a brief explanation of what was going on. As he was reading his husband’s incensed reply, the nurse came in to take him back for his hearing test.
The house next door to was on the market for less than a week before it went under contract. Castiel was outside weeding his garden when a somewhat loud and unfamiliar engine had him looking up. Living on a cul-de-sac meant no thru traffic and the vintage black car was definitely not one that he recognized. It wasn’t until it pulled into the drive next to his, followed by a moving van turning down the street, that Castiel realized this must be his new neighbor.
Oh no. This conversation was headed in a dangerous direction. “I’m not married anymore. But, yes. I do take Claire here often. They have great membership rates and it’s very educational. Did you know they have workshops on different topics during the week?”
Castiel paused. He looked down at the puppy and then raised his eyes to the sky. A slow smile spread across his face. He lifted a hand and spelled out the word ‘Nimbus’.
Dean huffs in relief. He can hardly believe this is happening. Then again, maybe he’s still dreaming. Better enjoy it while he can. “You know me. Just bursting with self-esteem.”
Castiel rose and shook it numbly. He turned and left the office on autopilot. Before he reached the end of the hall, Raphael caught up to him. “Castiel. I hope there are no hard feelings. I was just looking out for the best of the company.”
Dean nodded. “Maybe a little. He may not have wanted to leave, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t hate that he had to. You’re still his daughter. He loves you and he misses you.”
Castiel wrapped his arms around him and inhaled deeply, taking in the scent of Dean’s hair. “Me too.” He felt his husband’s breath even out and followed him to sleep soon after.
She huffed another laugh. “Tell me about it. Tried to find a medium between the two, but the fainting from the POTS was getting ridiculous. I don’t have a very bad case. If I stay well hydrated and try to stay between twenty-five hundred to three thousand milligrams of sodium daily, I can keep it pretty well under control. Thankfully, I’m mostly past the bad vertigo spells with my Meniere’s. I still get drop attacks and my hearing has gotten pretty bad, but I suppose it could be worse.”
Castiel let out a few more quiet sobs after that and wrapped his arms around Dean. They sat unmoving for several minutes until Cas started to feel heavy in his arms. Dean pulled back and his friend blinked sleepily at him. “Why don’t you sleep now? We’ll talk more tomorrow if you want to ok?” Cas just nodded and lay back down. Dean pulled the blankets up and made sure the bucket was nearby just in case.
When he was finally quiet with only the occasional shuddering breath, Dean spoke lowly in his ear. “Listen to me, Cas. You are my best friend. Yea, you’ve screwed up before, but so have I. Your heart has always been in the right place though. I’ve always known that. This angel thing… hey we trusted Metatron at first too. I’m so sorry he took your grace. I’m sorry your stuck as a human. But you’re not useless and you’re not pathetic. You’re family and we take care of our family.”
Just glancing at the section tabs, Castiel was impressed. There were the regular tourist attractions, but there was also information on local medical centers, emergency services, public transportation routes, and churches that held Mass in English. “This is very comprehensive.”
Besides, Dean hardly ever left his room without a shower first so there would be some warning before he came out.
The older man had come up next to his wife and handed her a bottle of water. “You too, Dean, Castiel. And please call me Cain. I’m not a doctor here.”
Cas chuckled a bit. “I truly am sorry. I didn’t think it would go that far. Gabe thought you’d snap yesterday.”
Both men turned at the sound of Sam’s voice. The taller Winchester had agreed to pick them up since the airport was an hour from Lawrence and the lot fees to park their van for almost two months were insane.
Dean sighed again. Sometimes Castiel needed things spelled out plainly. “Cas, look at me.” Castiel turned but would not meet his eyes. Dean lifted his chin with a finger and waited until he did. “I. Like. You. I am
West Nile is no fun. I'd like to thank my husband for contracting it six years ago and winding up in the hospital. He's provided me with such valuable fic fodder. (He's ok now, I promise)
When Dean answered his door a month later to Castiel on his doorstep holding a framed copy of the local paper which headline announced a possible movie about the no-call, Dean told him he loved him.
Castiel returned the smile. “Well, that’s a relief. It must be hard having to deal with her all the time. I wouldn’t have lasted much longer myself if you hadn’t interrupted.”
Castiel watched her disappear through the crowd in stunned silence. He swallowed thickly before turning back to Dean. “That was unexpected. You feeling better?”
Gabe snorted. “What’d you do to piss him off? Sleep with his girl? Is he straight and you hit on him? What?”
When Castiel finally seemed to be done and had be reduced to whimpers and sniffles, Dean removed the bucket and wiped his friend’s face with the damp cloth before making him rinse his mouth out with more water. He got a dopey smile in response. “Thank you, Dean. I feel much better now.”
The man’s blue eyes widened in recognition before a delighted smiled appeared on his face. “Dean! It’s so nice to see you. What are you doing here?”
Castiel blinked. Why was this guy being so rude? “Um, I don’t know. Would that help diagnose anything?”
“Oh no. He was doing so well. I hope this doesn’t cause a setback. Have you been home to check on them? How long have I been here?”
“Apparently.” Castiel turned to Patience. He spoke in English, then repeated in French. “Let’s go see your room.”
“Talk to me please. We’ve known each other a long time Dean, and I thought we were friends…” his voice trailed off.
“Men-yeah-erz. And it usually does present that way, but sometimes it can creep up slower and the symptoms are more subtle. It seems to happen that way more often with younger people.”
The walk back was quiet. The second the front door closed, Dean started yelling. He paced and snarled, all the while cursing whoever thought separating siblings was a good idea. Castiel knew his husband would run out of steam eventually. He waited on the couch until Dean slumped down beside him and laid his head on Castiel’s shoulder. “Sorry, Cas.”
), he’d been grossed out. It was a turd. Or at least it looked like one. Upon closer inspection, he was relieved to see that it was actually not poop, but what looked like compressed… dirt? (He hoped)
Dean sucked in a breath. “Uh, I… I’m not…” What was it about this guy that had Dean so twisted up? At another arched brow from Castiel, Dean stopped talking.
He got to Cas’s house around three-thirty in the morning. It was a cute little house. Even in the dark, he could tell the yard was well maintained and the flowerbeds were full of flowers. He could even see a few garden gnomes and a bee with wings that were meant to spin in the breeze. The whole place screamed ‘Cas’. He grabbed his bag and spare sleeping bag (just in case) from the trunk and rang the doorbell. The lights appeared to be on, but Cas had been very drunk and may have fallen asleep. He was just about to try and locate the key when he heard the lock turn.
So this is it. This is how their friendship ends. Cas is going to freak out about how Dean’s been perving on him for years and want nothing more to do with him.
“Sam, Ellen, and Bobby are going to stay.” Dean removed the covers despite Castiel’s weak protests. His husband lifted him to a sitting position and he felt his shoes being slipped on. Dean then lifted him up and he felt another body on the other side.
“Hi.” Castel turned towards the voice. Next to him stood a smiling woman with dark hair. Her eyes sparkled as she looked at him. “I think our kids are in the same class. I’m Ben’s mom.” She pointed to the boy next to Claire.
Castiel scowled a bit before looking back at the puppy and smiling. “Thank you so much Dean. She’s perfect. Wait, you didn’t leave her here all night, did you?” He looked her over as if checking for injuries.
“Dean, let’s show them their rooms.” Dean nodded and bent to grab the bags containing the children’s clothes. Castiel switched over to French. “Patience, Alicia, Max; would you like to see your rooms?”
All three tried to fit onto his lap at once before Dean stepped in and made them take turns. Alicia listed about a dozen things in rapid succession and Castiel was happy they’d gotten some of the things she asked for. Max was nervous with everyone watching and shyly signed that he wanted a turtle. Castiel shot a panicked look to Dean. This was the first they’d heard of that and Castiel wondered if they should consider getting them a pet. Turtles were low maintenance after all. Patience asked for more coloring books and crayons. Gabriel promised them all that he’d do his best and then passed out little gifts from a bag and promised more would be delivered overnight. After reading The Night Before Christmas, he bid the children goodnight and went back upstairs.
The women led them down a short hallway into a meeting room. Another woman with a round face and a cheerful smile sat at the table along with an older man with glasses and a stern expression. “Please have a seat. This is Maria Aranda; she is our interpreter. And this is Phoenix Rocha; he is our psychologist. They are both going to be conducting your home visits.”
Following the meeting, Mr. Rocha excused himself while Jaqueline and Maria led them through the building to a play room where their children were waiting for them. Castiel gripped Dean’s hand as the door opened. He caught a brief glimpse of another woman sitting at a table in the corner and then got the first look at their children. All three were grouped around a kitchen set. Max held a baby doll and had a small smile on his face while Alicia offered the doll some play food. Patience stood at the little stove and Castiel heard her call out to her siblings that more food was coming up. Alicia responded but Castiel didn’t understand what she said as he was not used to hearing French in a toddler’s accent. He also suspected a few Portuguese words had been mixed in, but couldn’t be sure.
Spending time with his children always helped center Castiel. It was hard to focus on how poorly he was feeling when he watched their little faces fill with joy. Laughter was the music of the day as they played together. By the time Dean got home, the living room had been transformed into a giant blanket fort. His husband lit up like the children and climbed right in. Diner ended up being sandwiches and cut up fruits and vegetables in an impromptu picnic. With a few adjustments, the TV was able to fit in the fort and with nearly every pillow and blanket in the house, everyone snuggled together to watch Tangled.
Dean drew in a shaky breath and reached over to grab a tissue. “I know babe, I know. I can’t imagine.” Castiel felt Dean nudge him and pulled back. His husband handed him a bottle of water before cupping his face and wiping away his tears. “Drink, Cas. We need to pull it together. Max went through something horrible; they all did. We can’t change that but we’re gonna make damn sure to show them how loved they are and do our best to make them happy. We’re gonna help them in any way we can. Right?”
“Yep. Got most of my boxes unpacked and finally got my family down for a little housewarming party.”
“It’s good to see you too, Ellen. I’ve been busy at work and wanted a break from cooking. Naturally, you were my first choice for dinner. You serve the best burgers after all.”
“Stop, Cas! You’re getting all worked out over maybes and what ifs. This may be nothing or it may be something, but no matter what, I’m not going anywhere. I love you more than anything and I never want to be without you.” Dean gave him a sad smile and cupped his cheek. “Are you hearing me sweetheart?”
He came out to find Cas sitting on his couch. He handed him a bottle and slumped onto the sofa next to him. He picked at the label on his beer and ground his teeth. This day was turning out great. His team lost and this gorgeous guy was probably trying to find a polite way to tell Dean he was no longer interested. He honestly couldn’t figure out which he was more pissed about. “So, that no-call was bullshit huh?”
“Well, your labs looked good; your iron levels are normal. Have you been under extreme stress or feeling anxious about anything?”
“It’s fine Cas.” Ellen appeared on his other side. “It was on one of those info sheets the breeder gave y’all. Boiled eggs are good for them every now and then.”
“She was brought in a week ago. She’s perfectly healthy and as you can see, very social. She’s a purebred but the breeders didn’t think they could sell her like this.”
“Yes. I saw you during the show. Is always easy to spot those who are moved by the dance. Your reactions were beautiful.” Castiel came a few steps closer and stared at Dean intently. He was startled by how blue the other man’s eyes were. “What is wrong?”
He cleared his throat to collect himself. “Thanks Cas. Same goes for you. I know all of this is hard on you, but I’m here for ya. Sammy too.”
Everything went to hell when there was only one minute and forty-five seconds left in the game. Brees threw another beautiful pass only to have the receiver knocked away before he could even attempt to catch it. The bar may as well have exploded. Everyone started shouting at the screen. The noise quickly quieted so they could hear the details of the penalty—only… it
Dean laughed. “Yea. It sure is. Wow It’s so crazy seeing running into you. Could hardly wait for next week at it was.”
“I just think we as parents have the right to know what our children are going to be exposed to. They shouldn’t be brainwashed into thinking your behavior is normal.” She looked over at Claire and Ben. “Poor Claire. She must be so confused. This is why gays shouldn’t be allowed to have children.”
“I figured. Listen, I don’t wanna speak badly about your mom but… you gotta realize that anything that happened between them should stay between
Castiel wasn’t so sure Dean was right anymore. Three weeks later and the dizzy spells kept happening. There was no rhyme or reason to them. Some days he wouldn’t have any and some days he had several. They lasted anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours. They would occur while standing, sitting, and one time he woke from a dead sleep to the sensation that he was in danger of falling out of the bed. Sometimes there was pressure and ringing and sometimes there wasn’t. His speech would slur if the attack was particularly strong and he had issues keeping his thoughts together. The episodes did seem to occur slightly more often when he was tired, but not reliably enough that he could consider it a pattern. Castiel made sure to drink enough water, eat a more balanced diet, even tried meditating - all with zero success.
“How about I show you tonight? After we have dinner?” The man’s eyes travelled up and down Dean’s body.
His colleague clapped his hands together. “Alright! It appears we have a lot to do. Meg darling, you must help me plan.”
Castiel could feel himself getting close. He snaked a hand around his husband’s chest, pulling him further upright. Dean nearly screamed as the angle caused Castiel to hit his husband’s prostate on nearly every pass. His other hand grabbed hold of Dean’s cock and met the speed of his thrusts. He leaned close to Dean’s ear and murmured, “Come for me Dean,” just before biting down hard on his shoulder.
After two hours and a final chorus of agreement from everyone in his department that they’d scour the tax code for ways to save the company some money, Castiel was at last free to get a much-needed cup of coffee.
“I like awkward and weird. You’re also funny and smart and sweet. Your nose does this adorable little thing when you laugh and you’re so cute when you’re confused.”
His son ran up and hugged him tight around his legs before reaching his arms up in a request to be held. Castiel picked him up and walked over to stand next to the tortoise. “Have you been playing with George?” Max nodded. “Did he do anything cool?”
Castiel nodded as tears formed in his eyes. He collapsed into his husband’s chest and cried. “I’m sorry. I’m just so sick of feeling like this. And now Alfie and Hannah… How many more people am I going to have to fight?”
“This is nowhere near the same thing, babe. My dad would disappear and we had nobody else. You’re still here even if you’re not feeling well. Don’t forget that I’m here too and we have siblings, grandparents, cousins, and friends we can always call on. Patience helping out does not mean she’s raising Alicia and Max.”
“Why? Did she say something about me?” His brother gave him a comical leer, but Castiel knew he’d harbored a crush on Meg for a while.
Dean settled beside him on the couch and rubbed his back. “I’m glad I’m here too. You wanna talk about it?”
The Winchester household soon fell into a comfortable routine. Patience was getting better at English by the day and was constantly spending time at the art station. She was quite talented and her creations found their way onto open wall spaces all over the house, Bobby’s garage, and Castiel’s office. She’d also expressed an interest in dance and Dean had vetted every ballet school in the area before he signed her up for classes.
Castiel nodded. “She’s militant, Dean. Most of us try to avoid her at all costs. Whatever you say, she’ll find a way to twist it.”
“I know. I’m just afraid that by the time she does, she’ll be all grown up. I don’t want to miss her whole childhood.” He slumped against Dean, who wrapped an arm around him. “Maybe I should just tell her the truth.”
Holy. Shit. The man bent and twisted and jumped and undulated so sinuously, Dean couldn’t help but imagine how he would move in the bedroom. The muscles of his legs were clearly visible through the thin fabric of his tights and Dean watched as they bunched and stretched. How someone as sculpted as this specimen before him could make such delicate movements look effortless, he would never be able to understand. Dean had seen plenty of male performers, but none like Castiel. The man danced with such passion; his face set in an expression of pure rapture. He was stunning to behold.
Together they carried the heavy box to a place on one of the tables. Castiel opened the side and revealed a big glass case. Dean gasped. Inside was a miniature beehive. A few hundred bees moved over their honeycomb from behind the safety of the glass. “Cas,” Dean breathed, “This is amazing. Where’d you get it?”
Max was making progress of his own. He started opening up to the rest of their family and smiling more, thanks to a stable home life and his new therapist, Charlie. She had come highly recommended by Dean’s former therapist, Missouri Mosley. The older woman had retired nearly a decade prior, but still kept in touch with a few of her “favorites”- Dean among them.
She gave them a warm smile. “My name is Jaqueline Montes, your agency representative. Please follow me.”
. Right here. A piece he wasn’t even aware was missing clicked into place as he breathed in the scent of the child in front of him. He felt like the Grinch when his heart grew three sizes all at once. He looked over at his husband who was listening to Patience’s chatter with a mix of delight and confusion on his face. When his eyes landed on Max, his heart sank almost as quickly.
When Dean flipped it over, he could see a small scrap of lace actually peaking out from where the package was sealed.
Castiel drained the glass and stretched back out. The spinning sensation had died down somewhat so he closed his eyes and tried to relax. Dean was probably right; he was just dehydrated.
Dean tried his hardest with buckets of water and borrowed hoses, but of course he lost. He had no proof that that guy was the one who sabotaged his stuff, but he knew. Why did this guy have it out for him? He’d never met him before. This was supposed to be
Cas had been standing on his flipper. He grit his teeth as he watched Cas run away. The bastard gave him another smirk and with a little salute called out, “See ya Dean!”
Dean walked to Castiel’s house for dinner a few days after that. He noticed a gold Lincoln Continental in the driveway. When he asked Cas about it, he told him it was his. Dean was thrilled. He giggled for almost a solid minute before explaining that their cars matched the Saints’ colors. Castiel indulgently rolled his eyes at his new boyfriend while he set the table.
Jaqueline gave them an indulgent smile. “That’s ok. Today will be quick. Your visits here with them will get longer and less structured over the next two weeks until you take them home. Now, let’s begin.”
Dean hated that he made Cas doubt himself. Giving him an actual smile, he replied, “Yea Cas. It’s freakin awesome. People are gonna love it.”
The other man studied his eyes for a minute longer before breaking into a huge grin. “Well, thank you Dean. Would you like to see something?”
Not too long after that, Gabriel walked in, followed closely by Meg. She slipped her arm through his and Gabriel looked like he would burst with happiness. Castiel caught Meg’s eye and she froze before raising her chin defiantly and leaning further into his brother. Castiel grinned and gave her a nod of approval before going back into the kitchen for more food.
“I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but your poor dad is just about killing himself trying to make you happy.”
Dean pushed the coffee table out of the way and stripped the loveseat of its cushions before moving Cas to a recliner to do the same to the couch. Once they were lined up, he went in search of spare blankets. He found some along with extra pillows in a linen closet. After getting their makeshift bed ready, he made Cas use the bathroom and drink another glass of water before tucking him in. Cas pulled him down and wiggled them around until Dean was the big spoon with his arm over the other man. Cas sniffled a few times and snuggled into Dean’s arm before falling asleep.
Dean grinned at her. “You bet. Got them all set up in the kitchen. We can go put our toppings on and play a few rounds while they cook.”
“I’m glad I was able to get you some answers. Call my office any time if you have questions and we’ll see you back next month, ok?”
Patience’s birthday was the day before Thanksgiving. Everyone agreed when Castiel and Dean announced that they would be holding a separate party on Saturday instead of at Thanksgiving dinner. Castiel’s birthday was three days before Christmas and he hated it as a child when family members tried to skimp and get him one gift for both days. His parents and Gabriel never did. They always made sure to celebrate each separately and Castiel was determined to do the same for Patience.
“I- I can’t do anything right. The leviathans and purgatory and Naomi, I killed you so much Dean. And then I tried to fix it for you again by locking the angels away. We’ve done so many horrible things to you. I couldn’t even get that right. I let myself get tricked by Metatron, and now I’m just a useless human and it’s only a matter of time before you realize that--”
They stayed in the break room for another twenty minutes coming up with ideas. Balthazar kept going to the extreme with everything from a strip-o-gram to a skywriter while Meg kept calling out ideas she found on her phone for pregnancy announcements (“It’s basically the same thing, Clarence.”). In the end, Castiel came up with a simple plan that the other two begrudgingly admitted was perfect.
Castiel joined the fun for a few minutes, burying each other and throwing handfuls of leaves, before he moved to the side of the house to finish cleaning up. Just as he stood up with some sticks in hand, he was hit with a head rush. The world tilted on its axis and he wobbled where he stood. He shuffled to lean on the side of the house and waited for the spell to pass. After a minute, the spinning hadn’t stopped, so he shouted for Dean.
“He had some family members stop by, but they were no trouble and Dean made sure everyone left early so the noise didn’t carry into the night.”
“Partially. I really do have insomnia though. I can’t seem to shut my brain off at night. Hey, while you’re here, could you give me a hand?” Dean followed him back to his truck and Cas reached in to pull the biggest box to the edge. “We have to be very careful with this one.” Dean nodded his understanding.
Sam and Eileen got married five years prior and had two children together. The older girl, Mary, was four years old and was hearing. Their second daughter, Maura, was only two. Sam had been promoted to junior partner at his law firm and Eileen was still teaching and was also assistant director at the deaf center.
“Yes. Not sure why. No other associated health problems as far as we can tell. She just can’t hear.”
Heading out to the garage, he dug around through the spare boxes until he found one from Amazon that was the perfect size. He then pulled the most important item from the bag in the trunk. After carefully removing the packing paper, he gave it one more fond look before rewrapping it in bubble wrap. He gently laid it in the bottom of the box and proceeded to stack the books on top. He finally filled in the empty space with more packing paper before carrying the box back into the house.
“It’s policy to keep the boys and girls separated. And he sees Maria with Mr. Rocha several times a week. She interprets for their therapy sessions.”
For the next hour, Dr. Adamson performed a large variety of tests. He checked everything. Nose and throat were normal. Heart and lungs were good too. He also checked his reflexes to confirm his nervous system was working correctly. The eye exam revealed some abnormalities. His vision didn’t track smoothly; especially when the doctor had Castiel shake his head and then try to track an item. Not only did the head shake make him wobbly and nearly fall over, the doctor noted something called nystagmus in his eyes. When he shook his head, his balance system struggled to compensate. This caused his eyes to jerk back and forth in an attempt to re-orient himself in space.
be upset. Someone else’s life experiences do not invalidate yours. And please don’t assume you know how I feel. I’m cutting you slack this time, but don’t do it again. I’ve had eight years to get used to being sick. I still break down sometimes. I cry and beat the crap out of my punching bag. Being happy is a conscious choice I have to make all the time. But that’s how I choose to deal. I’m not some inspiration or example because I choose to smile when I want to cry. You hearing me?”
Despite the fatigue, Castiel and Dean could not be more thrilled. Getting a hug or earning a smile from one of their kids made up for everything else. The couple felt honored to have been chosen as parents for these precious tiny humans. Seeing the joy and wonder on their little faces was amazing and each new day was better than the last.
The next few days were spent researching tortoise care. Things were a lot more complicated than Castiel thought. You couldn’t simply put them in a tank, they needed opaque walls. They also needed more space then they’d originally thought. Plus, there was special lighting, humidity requirements, dietary needs…
Castiel took a small sip of water before glaring and sticking out his lip in a small pout. “That’s stupid. Why do I feel so bad?”
The next few years were still filled with pranks- they just tended to be confined to each other’s homes. The only exception was when Naomi went out of town. Then all bets were off.
They spent the next forty-five minutes answering questions about their home life and providing details about the parenting classes they had taken. They then briefly went over the children’s routines and any personal preferences that their caregivers had marked in their files. As they were already informed, the children still mainly spoke French but were picking up Portuguese. Maria was fluent in French also and had spent a lot of time around them as well.
Castiel bit back a snort. What good were answers if he would never get better? He just wanted to get better! He turned to snap at Dean before he caught sight of his husband’s face.
They all laughed. Sam and Gabriel waved their goodbyes and left. Dean grabbed the box and Cas carried the puppy as they made their way to the car. “What should we call her?” Dean asked.
Cas nods slowly. “I realize that. I’m- I’m sorry for violating your trust. I just wanted to check something and the document was just… there.” He dips his head and starts picking at his fingernails.
Bright blue eyes studied him and for a moment, Dean thought he wouldn’t return the greeting. It only took a few more seconds for him to offer his own hand. “Hello, Dean. I’m Castiel.”
Max looked up at him and the smile slipped off his face as he averted his eyes. Alicia noticed the change and focused on the new adults in the room. She smiled at Maria before she ran over to the woman and hugged her around the knees. Maria sat in a little chair as Alicia chatted away. Castiel studied her as he tried to figure out what she was saying. She wore a pink dress with a unicorn on the front, white sandals, and her short curly hair was pulled back in a ponytail. She was definitely using a combination of French and Portuguese. He picked out Patience’s and Max’s names and he gathered she was describing their game near the kitchen.
Gabriel looked up. “Oh, no you don’t Cassie. Stay awake for me bro. You owe me after cleaning this up.”
Someone (and Dean was 99% positive who) had replaced his tire valve covers with ones shaped like dicks.
The girls were left with Ellen when they went to pick up the tortoise. Castiel and Dean didn’t want them running around in a stranger’s home or pressuring Max into getting the tortoise
“Oh my baby!” Ellen dropped the bag on the bar and threw her arms around Castiel. She let out a small sob and he couldn’t stop his own tears. She released him only to cup his face and wiped away a tear with her thumb. “I’m gonna be a grandma?”
Dean supported Castiel as they walked towards the front of the house. He shouted for Patience to follow them inside. “Couch or bed babe?”
“Oh yes, you just adopted. This whole thing is probably just stress-related then.” She waved him off and started gathering her notes back into his chart.
Sam ran off to help Dean with their luggage. Castiel then made sure the kids had all their toys packed up before ushering them towards their father and uncle. Once all the bags were gathered up, with Sam carrying the bulk of the baggage, Dean picked up Max while Castiel lifted Alicia to one hip and grabbed Patience’s hand on the other side and the six of them headed to the parking lot.
Charlie had been appalled at the treatment plan that had been used with Max in Brazil. For their first appointment, she had them in for a family session so she could see how they interacted with Max. She said they were doing everything exactly right. They included him, but didn’t push and she applauded them for it. She still wanted to see him more, but not one on one. She preferred they alternate between Castiel and Dean for smaller group sessions. She even had Alicia join on occasion.
Gabriel looked at his strangely. “I’ve been here for a few minutes Cassie.” He looked at Dean. “Let’s go Dean-o.”
Castiel laughed before he tried and failed to give Dean a stern expression. “You’re going to have to watch your mouth around them you know?”
Castiel and Dean had changed as well. The first few days were quite stressful. Being woken by a child needing to pee or needing water (or the time Alicia had gotten lost in unfamiliar surroundings and had woken the whole house with her wailing), took some getting used to. Dean was even more stressed. He only understood half of what the children were saying. Their first fight while the children were in the house happened when Dean snapped at Castiel for taking so long after being called to interpret. Castiel had been helping Patience take a bath while Alicia was getting increasingly upset with Dean for not understanding her. A shouting match ensued and quickly broke off when Alicia ran away, looking scared. They found her snuggled with Max in their room and agreed to be more patient with each other from then on.
Now that Cas was settled, Dean had time to think. How had he made such a huge mistake? The first time he talked to Cas he mentioned a boyfriend. Dean should know better than to just assume that meant he was a woman. Next, his username was WaywardAngel. He had explained to Dean that it was after his favorite TV show (which had a predominately female fanbase) and his own name (which he said was modeled after the angel Cassiel). He really shouldn’t have assumed there either. After all, his favorite show was Dr. Sexy. Next was the username Cassifrass. He thought it was a play on the name Cassie. Shit, Dean himself was named after his
“Just my brother but he lives across the state. My parents disowned me when I came out and all of Balth’s family live in England. It’s ok. Claire and I are fine on our own.”
Patience nodded shyly and Alicia faced them and tilted her head as she studied them. Max just fidgeted but didn’t move otherwise. Jaqueline and Maria joined the other woman in the corner. Castiel and Dean knelt down on the carpet and smiled warmly. Dean spoke first with a small, “Bonjour.” His husband had spent all his free time over the last two months studying Rosetta Stone, Duolingo, and trying to practice with Castiel. He wasn’t very good at picking up languages and had barely passed his college Spanish courses. His pronunciation was poor (no matter how hard he tried, Dean
“Oh thank God. I’m tired too. We slept almost eleven hours but that is not our bed and my whole body feels stiff.”
Castiel stayed seated a few more minutes to finish his coffee before washing both of their mugs and cleaning out the coffee maker. Walking back into the bedroom, he heard the shower running and stripped out of his clothes. When he stepped into the bathroom, the steam was already quite heavy. He rifled through his toiletry bag before pulling out a tube of shower-safe lubricant.
Castiel gently grabbed his husband behind his neck and pulled him closer. Dropping his voice, he rumbled in Dean’s ear, “Why don’t you be a good boy and go get the water started for me?” Dean sucked in a breath and nodded quickly. “I’ll be there in a few minutes.” Castiel released him and Dean stood to hurry out of the room. He smirked as he caught sight of the tent in the other man’s boxers.
It was less than seven years ago that they were having a party in this very yard celebrating their approval to adopt. Less than a year after that, he was cursing the heavens for his bad luck. He knew better now. So much had happened. So much had changed. Looking at his family, happy and smiling, his heart was filled with so much gratitude. He wouldn’t change a thing.
What if he never got better? Would Dean leave him? He wasn’t even thirty yet. Dean was too young to be saddled with a sick husband. What about his kids? They’d already lost two parents; they didn’t deserve another sick one. Maybe they were right. His doctor suggested it was all in his head. What if he was just crazy? He should probably-
“They said it was trademarked to the Saints and since they owned all team trademarks…” he trained off making a vague hand gesture. “Anyway, the whole thing was bullshit. They don’t own the phrase. People been using it since the 1800s.”
Castiel chuckled. “You’re just like your Daddy. Go find him and he’ll get you something to eat. I’ll be here keeping Max company.”
Dean watched the guy run off to find another victim while he lay in the grass. After getting over the initial sting, Dean picked up his guns and headed off of the playing field. As he walked, he plotted his revenge on this guy if he came across him during the next game.
“I can sleep right here on the floor. Brought a sleeping bag and everything.” Dean continued to rub circles into his back.
“Not for her, for you. You have to live with her most of the time. Our family was already broken. I didn’t want to break it more.” Castiel trailed off in a soft voice. Dean squeezed his shoulder to comfort him.
The shape of the package sitting in his box gave him pause. From the end, it looked like a cylinder and Castiel was instantly suspicious. He eased the tube out slowly and gasped at the big, bold print on the side.
The other man chuckled, his voice a low rumble. “I mean, I’ve never been shot in the dick by a nerf dart, but I suspect it’s not pleasant.”
The children were tentative as they walked into the condo. Alicia, while very outgoing, was not used to new places and her confidence appeared to be shaken. Max clung tight to Alicia’s hand only casting brief, furtive glances around the living room. Patience seemed the least reserved for once. She had a better idea of what was going on than her younger siblings.
Dean’s eyes darkened. “Mmm, yes please. But let’s get outta here first. Really don’t wanna pop a boner in the doctor’s office.”
He walked up to the other man just as he got out of his own truck with ‘Novak Honey’ and some cartoon bees painted on the sides. “Hey Cas.”
Gabriel and Sam spent the night so they could wake up early and accompany Castiel for some Black Friday sales. With three children to shop for, Castiel needed all the deals he could find. Bleary-eyed and with travel mugs of coffee in hand, the three men hit half a dozen stores before nine o’clock rolled around. There was a twenty-minute delay in Walmart when Castiel had an attack, but Gabriel sat with him while Sam stood guard. Thankfully, most people were too focused on their shopping to notice and the few that did were scared away by Sam’s scowl.
The nurse looked back up from her computer. “Alrighty Mr. Winchester. I’ve got you booked next Tuesday for your V.R. and another ECoG on March twenty-first.”
The point of this story was to bring to light the struggles of those with invisible illnesses. I know people who have lost family and friends who couldn't "deal" with a sick person. I know firsthand what it's like to have a doctor tell you to your face that they don't believe you. I also know that getting diagnosed with invisible illness doesn't have to define who you are.
Hot rage flashed through Dean. “Oh, I’m sure they did. The NFL isn’t a big fan of the Saints or our city. You know they even tried to sue a little t-shirt shop a few years ago for putting ‘who dat’ on a shirt?”
Dean barely said goodbye before he went after Cas. He knocked on the door but got no answer. “Cas, buddy talk to me please.”
“Until today though, I wasn’t sure if my feelings would be reciprocated.” He took another step forward.
“Yes. But Dean doesn’t know yet, so please don’t say anything. I’m surprising him tonight and I know he’ll be upset if everyone else knows first.”
Amelia cleared her throat, “Now, she’s already had her first two rounds of shots. She’ll be due again in a few weeks. I’ll give you the schedule. The adoption fee covers all her puppy vaccinations and you’ll be getting a voucher to have her spayed when she’s old enough.”
Castiel pulled Dean’s mouth back to his. Their kisses varied between heated and gentle and all the while both men simultaneously laughed and cried. They cuddled for a bit, whispering words of love to each other and bickering over what their baby would call them. Eventually, they started kissing again and Castiel completely forgot Gabriel’s earlier request to turn the camera off before doing anything inappropriate while it was still recording.
“I’m going to have to steal your husband, Castiel. We’re about to start.” He kissed the side of his wife’s head. “I’ll see you in a bit.”
. Everyone’s eyes were glued to the TVs watching the game play out. The atmosphere was electric; fans young and old thrumming with excitement. Just one more win and we’d be back in the Superbowl. The game was tied, but Brees always worked best under pressure. So close. Just over ten yards to go and if The Saints got one more down, they could easily run out the clock to beat the Rams. Piece of cake.
Castiel sent a link to a Facebook event page. They were blocking off a whole city block and selling tickets. The page just went live a few hours ago and already had over ten thousand hits.
They settled into bed with their laptop and pulled the e-mail back up. Castiel was a little nervous about the children they may have matched them with. Although it wasn’t said outright by the agency, he knew from his research that same sex couples were rarely matched with young, healthy children right away. Getting a little baby with no health issues was considered a pipe dream unless you wanted to wait several years. They were more likely to get matched with older children, groups of siblings, or children with health conditions. Castiel would be lying if he said he was completely fine with taking on a sick child. He knew he would love whatever child they took into their home, but he was a natural worrier. He felt like he’d drive himself crazy thinking about everything that could go wrong. However, he also knew that he was about to fall in love with each and every little face he was about to see.
When the day came to pick up the children, they chose to take a taxi. Even though the agency was so close, Castiel and Dean weren’t yet comfortable enough in their abilities to navigate several blocks with three small children plus their belongings.
Castiel’s forte. He had never been a fan of large crowds. Or loud noises. Or roller coasters. The sun was too bright, the air was too dusty, the food was too expensive. Despite all of that, Castiel was determined to make the best of it.
might be pissed when Dean told him. But that was tomorrow’s problem. Right now, it was five in the morning and he had his best friend (who happened to be a very handsome man) in his arms. He pulled him closer and shut his eyes.
Patience followed her sister. She regarded Castiel and Dean curiously before joining the conversation. She helped interpret when even Maria didn’t understand the toddler-speak. She seemed to be trying to speak Portuguese but would get frustrated and quickly slip back to French. Her hair hung loose about her shoulders and she wore a light green shirt, jean shorts, and blue sneakers.
Charlie leaned closer. “Let me tell you something. I’ve seen this a lot and so have my colleagues. Some doctors don’t like mysteries. They want to be right and if the patient’s illness is too vague or unclear, they jump to a logical and easy conclusion. There’s a saying, ‘When you hear hoofbeats, don’t think zebras’. It means that the most logical conclusion is usually the right one, but some doctors take it too far. They assume everyone is ok or has something simple and they dismiss the idea of zebras entirely.”
Dean crosses his arms to fight the slight tremble he can feel starting in his hands. “So… how much of that did you, uh, you know… see?”
Dean’s eyes widened at his outburst. He held his hands up in a placating manner at looked at Castiel like he was a wild animal trapped in a corner (which wasn’t far off from how he felt). “I know you didn’t get the answer you were hoping for. But it’s better than before when you didn’t know why this was happening. And honestly babe, it could have been so much worse—”
His brother cleared his throat. Dammit. He was hoping Ellen would stick around as a buffer. Keeping his face set in an innocent smile, Castiel turned to his brother. “Hello Gabe. Surprised to see you. How’s Alfie? Thanks for meeting me here. I’m so beat, I don’t think I would have had enough energy to drive all the way to your shop. Adler has been on the warpath. That time of the year, you know. Wonder if Jo is here…” His rambling tapered off and he cast his eyes around the bar in feigned interest.
Ellen and Gabriel were frequent guests over the next week. Even though Castiel was feeling much better, he was still weak and was grateful for the help, especially since Dean had gone back to work. Castiel would have to go back soon as well. He hadn’t exactly loved his job before, but now it would be torture having to leave his children all day long. It helped that Ellen and Jo had agreed to help watch the children during the day. Jo didn’t have classes during the summer and the Roadhouse didn’t open until four so they’d found a schedule that worked for everyone. Castiel and Dean were grateful they had family to watch their children.
He managed to ignore Cas for the next two hours. With thirty minutes until the market closed, Dean started to pack up. He wanted to be able to leave the second he could. Cas had been trying harder and harder to get his attention but had been unable to leave his booth unattended to physically come over. He’d even called Dean’s cell a few times which Dean pretended not to notice. With five minutes to go, Dean was about to leave anyway when Cas appeared in front of him.
Dean uses the bathroom and throws on a clean(ish) shirt before shuffling down the hall. He can see Cas’s back from where he sits at the bar looking at—
He bought her cotton candy and a funnel cake bigger than her head. He tried tell her no to the candy apples, but a tiny pout and the promise to eat an extra portion of salad with dinner had him quickly caving. Dean internally scowled at her behavior more than once but tried to remember than she was just a kid stuck in the middle of two fighting parents and was only doing what kids do. Even so, he hated to see the man he was growing to really care for perk up at the slightest smile from his daughter.
Dean hadn’t planned on heading out to the Old Point bar to watch the game. He was running a little low in his account this month and he had beer at home along with a nice entertainment system. It would be fine. But… he’d left his window open. Every time a big play happened, he could hear his neighbors hooting and hollering. Who was he kidding? He hated watching games alone. They were always best watched with others. That’s why he gave up around half time and after throwing on his Saints jersey, finally walked the three blocks to his favorite bar.
Katie held up a hand. “Stop. Do me a favor Castiel, and stop comparing your health to other people’s. I’m going to let you in on a secret. There’s
liked. Max was bouncing in his seat as they pulled up to the house. He ran up to the door and rang the bell before Dean or Castiel could catch up. The door opened to reveal a smiling guy sporting an honest-to-God mullet. He bent down and stuck his hand out. “Hey! You must be Max!”
That hurt more than he thought it would. A glance at Dean told him his husband had understood enough and was nervously chewing his lip. “Well, instead of a mommy and a daddy, you get two daddies. We love each other very much and got married just like mommies and daddies do.”
Then came the balance testing. The doctor had Castiel stand up and do a few things. At first, it felt like a field sobriety test and Dean chuckled until Castiel almost fell over once he closed his eyes. Dean caught him and looked up at Dr. Adamson. “What the hell?”
“Clarence, where-” Castiel slowly moved his eyes up to the face of his friend. Meg stood in the doorway with a look of horror on her face. Castiel groaned and closed his eyes. The light coming in from behind her was too bright. “Oh my God! What- holy crap. Are you ok?”
