— — — — —
Dean looks up at his brother, his heart beating with sudden, ridiculous pride. "You made that?"
"I know," Dean answers, but he doesn't stop. Somehow this is his responsibility—washing the filth from the the angel he'd been given, the holy thing he'd allowed to be defiled. Like Dean’s taking the years of shit he's dragged him through and scrubbing them away. Like he's trying to clean his own conscience and Cas's skin all at the same time.
This is more information than Ava ever provided him—not that he was interested in asking at the time. But one thing stands out among Meg’s description more than the others.
Dean shakes his head no. Cas isn't understanding.
“Fuck me, Cas. You gonna fuck me? C’mon, baby, fuck me. Want you
“Point is, she was a reaper, okay? There’s a big afterlife secret for you. Reapers exist, and I said no to one. You’re supposed to be impressed.”
Dean’s jaw clenches, unclenches. “All right. What do you want to know?”
“Your mother’s stereo is unharmed,” he says, and Sam shines his flashlight on the console next to Castiel.
Dean groans in misery simultaneously at Sam's joke and the next roll of pain. He's broken out in a sweat and can feel it soaking through his good shirt under his arms, gathering along his forehead. He hurts, everywhere. But maybe a little angel dust will do the trick.
He rocks back against the Impala, stunned out of his anger, and tries that one on for size: In love. With Cas.
“Hey, it’s my house. You’re just living in it,” Dean counters. “And anyway, if I’d tried to scare you off, you’d be gone by now. Trust me. I’ve frightened off my share of folks.”
with Cas. For years it was just another thing he shoved down deep, stuffed away in that emotional locker inside. Wasn't worth thinking about, more trouble in the long run, etc.
If that's the bad news, the good news is that it looks like Cas knows where he is when he looks up at Dean this time. "Yeah, I got that," Dean replies. He gets Cas seated back on the bed. "Okay, plan B. You stay there," he points as he leaves the room, like Cas is capable of sneaking off anywhere.
Castiel swallows his prepared statement and forces himself at ease. Meg seems to like unsettling him—perhaps everyone—but the read he gets is playful rather than malicious.
"Here."
Clarence.”
"Uh, Cas?"
"You ship out when?" Dean asks, careful to keep his voice low. He inches close to Cas, fingers finding the button edge of his shirt and fiddling with it half unconsciously.
He leans back as Dean sucks in his first breath.
It's snowed since he's been here last but his landlord knew it was Dean's move-in day and it looks like the front walk has been shoveled for the occasion. Dean turns to peek through the Impala's back window, estimating the number of trips it'll take him to get everything in the house. It's not like he owns a lot of stuff, but it was still a pain in the ass to load it all in there.
He waits until he's done eating to ask about Cas, until Sam's grabbing his bowl and about to head downstairs, so it seems like an afterthought instead of his only thought.
And yet . . .
"Dude. Where did you get those?"
His stocking foot is soaked with red and starting to feel slimy. He only put down so much plastic as drop cloth and certainly can’t cross the living room leaving bloody footprints in his wake. Well, he could. He might have to. Telling himself he can just sand down any paint droplets later when he refinishes the hardwood, Castiel cautiously puts down his roller, balances on his dry foot, and removes his paint-covered sock.
And the thing is, he’s right. Castiel follows instructions and ends up with a sweet and salty sandwich that makes his mouth water for more.
—value, but he’d never had natural confidence. And then when Angelus ejected him, well.
“Would you like to see inside? I could give you a quick tour. You know, just to be sure. The house, it’s, um—it’s a special property, Mr. Novak. You really should see it first. Really.” Her eyes widen and voice drops as she insists, but then seems to remember herself. “Just to know what you’re getting into!” she adds lightly, but her laugh is fluttery.
“No, I told you, I’m not going anywhere. It just . . . took a lot out of me.” His smile turns sly. “You’re a hell of a workout, Cas.”
Darkness creeps through Dean's mind, pulling him down, but he has one more thing, just one more. He struggles against it. "Cas, whatever I've got, it's not . . . I didn't give it to anyone? I can't, right?"
“Liking me,” Castiel clarifies and Dean laughs.
"No, stay," he hears himself say, and it’s suddenly very important to keep Cas here, close by. "Please stay?"
He's going nuts replaying it in his head. His subconscious has been having a fucking field day, helpfully providing every move in vivid detail every time he shuts his eyes. So two days and three sleepless nights later, Dean does what he always does when he doesn't know what else to do: calls his brother.
A hundred horrible explanations fly through Dean's head. He leans back to look Cas in the eye. "What do you mean." It's not a question.
Dean laughs so hard he rocks backward. "You are one strange dude, Cas."
"If you don't do it, I'm dead anyway."
"Yeah, well, you could've just asked," Dean jokes, because his other option is to let the lump in his throat choke him to death, but Cas misses the cue.
Rows of buildings in a neat patchwork of brick line Massachusetts Street in particular, each with its own colorful awning. Some of the business names are the same—Starbucks, Borders, etc.—but local names outnumber the chains, and there isn’t a skyscraper in sight. As a result, the sun casts and chases shadows in a way it can’t in New York, and the sidewalk trees seem healthier for it, spring buds just on the verge of unfurling.
Now that Cas isn't a flight risk, Dean lets go of his hand and moves around to take his trench coat, tossing it over the back of one of the chairs and prodding him toward the kitchen table. "All right," he rubs his palms together, "We got burgers to eat and a bunch of shit to unpack. You want a beer?" He takes out his key ring, pops the lid off a bottle, and holds it out.
Any other time Dean would go down on him so fast. He'd return the favor, repay Cas for all of this, everything he's done. That's just manners. But it's more than that. Dean wants it too.
Dean pushes on the pillow, his hips nudging up even without his consent. It's no longer just a feeling inside him, it's a
"Cooking," Cas repeats with no sign of a joke. "I'd like to hear more about your cooking."
“Wait, he’s interacting with you? This is incredible!”
“What the—?”
Dean throws him a look. “You sound like a shrink.”
Startled, Dean clutches a handful of shirtfront as Cas pushes, pushes him back, hard against a countertop, hands at Dean's hips and mouth insistent. On instinct Dean opens to him and Cas presses in, his tongue finding Dean's and the kiss turns filthy. Dean's hands fly to Cas's neck and his fingers grip into hair as Cas licks the length of Dean's bottom lip in a way that makes Dean's knees buckle. Cas slips his hands around to Dean's ass, slides them down the backs of his thighs, cups his hamstrings, and just like that Dean's ass is on the counter, with Cas's body slotted between his legs.
Castiel doesn’t go home. He longs to, but the risk of not being allowed to leave is too great. Instead, he purchases some essentials in the way of clothing and toiletries and takes up residence on Meg’s couch. He offers to get a hotel room, but she rolls her eyes and shoves a set of sheets into his chest and that had been the end of that discussion, as such.
He had tried, all these years he had tried, so hard. He never quite accepted what he felt and who he was, even before his dad caught him that night, when he was still so young. And after that, and all the years that passed, it had just got worse to the point that it had taken so many years to even realize he was in love with his best friend. It never truly hit him. Inside, he thinks he knew all along, but just couldn’t bring himself to accept the truth. Accept his feelings. Accept who he was. It was hard. So goddamn hard. The kind of things he knew would always be hard, no matter the time that would pass.
Dean, I could never forget, I could never thank you enough for everything you guys did to me. What you did to me. What you taught me. You know, you taught me so much. It’s like I was living again. You changed me, Dean. You taught me what life is for. What is worth it, what worth the risk and worth saving. You taught me limits, emotions... Well, especially emotions. You taught me how to stand by myself. Be myself, fight for what is right. Dean, you may not realize it, but… You saved me. And you’re still doing it every day. I know we’ve been through a lot together, you and I. We’ve had our differences, and it wasn’t always right, but we went through it.
Deep down, he had always known Dean would be the one. The only one. They were bonded. And through the years, his feelings for him had only grown stronger and stronger. And now, he was just expressing them, in his touch, his look, his tears, his movements... in his face, nestling in the hollow of his shoulder... in his arms, holding him the tighter he could. In everything.
It had taken time, but he first accepted Castiel's feelings for him. Because oh, he could see it. In Castiel's graze, in his eyes, in his words, his touch. The angel had so much love to give, and he was giving it all to Dean, and it was so overwhelming that Dean had buried it deep inside of him, too. All that love he could feel every time Castiel looked at him, burning something so bright inside of his own heart. He had tried to push it down, to forget it, because if he did, maybe it would disappear. But he didn't. And he knew it, oh, he knew.
“I said I’m in love with you, Castiel. All of you, you and your eternal weird sense of humor… your smile, your laugh… You, just you. I fell in love with you, years ago, and... maybe even from the beginning. And these feelings for you, they never stopped growing, getting stronger every day. Cas I… I never cared about anyone like I care about you. I never felt this type of feeling. Ever. I just can’t stop thinking and worrying about you every single day and every single night. I just… I
And it was too late now.
Cas was getting closer to the hunter, catching his arm, trying to make him understand, make him realize, that all he was doing, all he was saying, with every emotion and feeling he was putting in, was the truth.
"What, what the- Dean what are you doing Dean- NO!!!!!!!"
And as the time was going and going, tears were less and less falling, as the life was slowly leaving Dean's body. And dring hours, he repeated the same movements, the same expressions, as Cas' voice was getting more and more shut down.
Don’t you find it beautiful? Look where did we go from there. Yet the first time you actually met me, the first thing you did was stick a knife into my heart. Really you, Dean.
And now, he would lock him up for eternity.
It wasn’t so long after Jack went to bed that Dean had fallen asleep on Cas’ shoulder. All his tiredness, emotions and everything about those past weeks had finally come down, and it happened so quickly. A second he was still smiling, looking fondly at Cas explaining again how he had somehow annoyed so bad a cosmic entity it had brought him back, and the other second, his head was falling against the angel’s shoulders, Dean’s forehead softly brushing Castiel’s neck. He was exhausted.
- Oh because you think he heard?
Cas’ face softened, as he wasn’t even feeling his heart beating anymore at this point, all the love he felt rising and overwhelming him, but in all the best ways possible, surrounding him, grounding him. It felt safe, it felt good. It felt like
They're both already leaking and Dean slides his thumb through it, over both their cock heads. Cas whimpers and squirms against him. Dean just holds tight, and begins to jack them. Cas shakes and his breaths go ragged, but the next thing Dean knows, his hand is fighting for space with Dean's. He takes Dean's cock in his own hand and Dean's lungs stop. Cas's hand is hot and too dry, but it's also perfect. He starts to jerk Dean off, running a thumb over the crown, and Dean bites his lip.
"What?" Dean cocks his head on the table. He feels like he missed something.
"Dean," Cas moans, his voice so needy it makes Dean want to drop to his knees and suck him till he comes. He sucks at Cas's neck instead and just lets their bodies work against each other because it's so fucking good.
He showers while Cas sleeps, letting the hot water pound the blood and bile and grime away, knowing the worst of what came back with him isn't stuff you can wash off. He scrounges for clothes in the dressers and closets and comes up with enough for both of them.
Cas, still working on getting Dean's dick out of his pants, pays him no heed.
"I believe I've learned something about you, Dean," he says, his voice that good kind of gravelly.
Dean stares hard at Cas then, remembering everything the angel had given, everything he'd suffered, every awe-inducing act he'd performed for no greater purpose than to protect Dean. His jaw clenches. He doesn't see any weakness here.
But Dean stops him short with a shake of his head. "You know what? No. Not yet. You can fess up all you want later but right now there's just one thing I want to know."
Cas doesn't ask if he's sure. He doesn't stop to fret or reveal some awkward lack of experience. He only gives a throaty and turned-on groan—Dean feels it against his neck—sucks a kiss from Dean's mouth, and goes to grab the lube.
He comes till there's nothing, no need, no want, no pain. No demand.
After everything—the weeks of labor, the mountains of home refurbishment research, the electrician and the window contractor and the cable guy, the missing tools and the plumbing and stripping all that infernal wallpaper—that hits a nerve. Castiel’s defensive instincts flare and his eyes narrow. “It’s my house. You’re dead.”
“I purchased the house earlier this year, yes. I’d intended to fix it up and resell the property but that seems unlikely now.” He pauses and Sam indicates he understands the market downturn with a nod. “After putting so much time and effort into the house, well. It’s become home.”
“Most recently, yes.” Castiel sips his beer and doesn’t miss Dean’s intense interest in his swallow. Does he miss beer? Did he used to sit here, as Castiel is now?
"But I want it," he says, rock solid with determination. "Dean, I won't run from it. I'll make it part of me instead."
would get done faster if my tools didn’t go missing, or if I didn’t have to go into the basement to flip fuses back on three times a day.” He plucks the next nail from the box and aims again.
“Looking a little lost there, handsome. Need some help?”
He. Dean. Castiel is almost positive his chest has split open, leaving his heart to beat unprotected and wild.
Dean moves in with a grin. "I'll hold you to that."
— — — — —
He keeps all his bones;
Cas shivers and pants and repeats Dean's name, but he gets himself together enough to wrap his hand around Dean again. Dean bucks up helplessly as Cas mimics Dean's hand motions, jacking him off in return.  Cas counteracts Dean's hips by dipping down for a kiss, pinning him harder in place.
Castiel sprints to Sam’s side and pulls at an elbow to help him up. “I got this,” Sam whispers as he gets to his feet. “Go.”
Castiel takes his eyes off the road for a second to see Sam looking helplessly down at his hands.
"I could kill you."
“He’s here,” he whispers into the phone.
“It’s disturbing,” he mutters. He frowns as he peers down the upstairs hall. He’s not sure what he expects to find, but checking the whole house feels like the thing to do.
Dean gives him a happy grimace. "Yeah, I'm glad I'm alive too. Thanks, Cas."
At Dean's first dip down to Cas's body, he sees hyperspace—tunnel vision of a thousand points of light speeding behind his eyes. Dean's between Cas's thighs, their cocks together, hot and hard. He thrusts for friction and Cas arches and hisses, hands scrabbling at Dean's shoulders.
A sense of anticipation builds as they weave around each other in the small kitchen space. Glances from Cas are more mouth-watering than the burgers had been. Heat flares in the inches between them each time one of them presses into the other's personal space. Brushes of Cas's body sizzle through Dean. He gets that will-they-won't-they nervous feeling, like a giddy rolling boil all over inside.
's and
"C'mere." Dean waves him into a kiss and Cas complies, seeming to regain his faculties as they go. In fact, it's Cas who breaks off first. He pulls back, alert and grinning.
"Brother, your angel friend just brought you back from the dead," the vampire explains. He is clearly relieved, though there is wary wonder in his glance at Castiel.
“Something’s happened,” Castiel sighs. “Your brother hasn’t been himself lately. He’s become dangerous to the point where I haven’t been able to stay at the house. I’d like to . . . to help him move on, or put him to rest. And I’m wondering whether you might know how I can do that.”
“Have you always been here?”
The real mystery is that the outlets work perfectly well each time Castiel plugs in the small desk lamp that came from New York in his filing box of belongings. Working off that knowledge, he purchased a new phone charger, which made no difference. He even used precious battery life to call the service provider to inquire about design flaws and ask advice. The customer service representative advised him to call an electrician. He’s now systematically tested every outlet in the house, always with the same
He tilts his chin so his mouth meets Cas's. He kisses him until he can't, until he's pulled under.
"I know!"
"Fifteen," Cas says.
Further inspiration props go to the film
“Yeah. Sam was pissed I left and pissed I wasn’t there when dad died, so when I got back I made a promise—never take off again. Stay put. See it through. And I did. I kept up my end.”
Keys jangle as they hit the counter in the back room and Dean snaps from one kind of panic into another. He's still frozen where he stands, but evidently that switch from dopey desire to crazy-eyed dread is all it takes for Cas to get the message.
Castiel takes a deep breath, readying to recap events he hadn’t even fully shared with Meg. “I met him fairly early on. There’s still some furniture that belonged to your mother and grandmother in the house and he was upset I moved them, so he moved them back.”
With one last stormy look, Cas steps back and disappears, leaving Dean on the counter, rumpled and legs wide, caught between laughing and crying and jerking off.
A bay window with a deep ledge is the focal point of the northwest corner of the large room, sure to catch the evening light. At the moment, it barely passes through the panes, gray as they are with years of field dust and spattered storm remnants stuck to the outside. There’s another large window on the north wall, but the room remains dim, as though it’s too tired to wake up.
Together they try to keep the pain at bay. They don't always manage. Cas never apologizes when it arrives, when the need shouts inside Dean until his muscles seize, but he also never purposefully keeps Dean waiting. He just climbs across the bed, up into Dean's personal space, and again they go.
Cas's kiss is smooth, but it comes with a scrape of stubble Dean hadn't noticed before. He smiles at that between short quick kisses, the kind that happen with the occasional tip of tongue.
He wipes a hand over his face, pinching at his eyes. The sun is fully up now. It'll be a scorcher again, of course. Always is. He squeezes Cas's hand and gives him a smile before sitting up and reaching for his discarded clothes. Dean scrapes together the pieces of something like a uniform—dress code's pretty lax on the equator—and Cas moves about, too, cleaning himself up. He's got an unbuttoned shirt and some skivvies on by the time Dean's ready to go.
The Castiel of a year ago would never have considered instigating a hand job with his boyfriend outside in broad daylight, even at home alone in a house on a barely traveled country road. Too much risk.
When his hand reappears on Dean's undamaged chest, Castiel sags against him in relief. It's only then he realizes Dean isn't breathing.
"Wake up, Sammy, I got news."
About halfway into a description of his dream diner, Dean realizes what Cas just did. He'd been tense, pissed off, ready to snap. Instead of acting on any of that, he'd slipped comfortably back into talking to Cas. He wants to be annoyed that he fell into the angel's trap, but, well. He . . . missed this. In the middle of all the other BS it's this he wanted back.
's that sound way dirtier than they are. It's taken forever to get Dean here, but he's on the brink, just a little more friction, just a little harder, and—
Dean really wishes Cas didn't look like his heart was breaking. If angels did tears, Cas would be about to splash big ones, and his voice sounds choked when he speaks.
Lisa swoops by and kisses his cheek and Dean's eyes dart to the chair where he'd put Cas's coat.
That startles a full laugh from him. “It’s hardly haunted.”
makes him tired. It's like somebody flipped the STUPID switch in his brain. He can't concentrate, can't come up with the words he wants. At least while he's sleeping he doesn't have to think at all, not about the pain wringing through his abdomen, or Sam's 120 touchy-feely questions, or how there's no cure, no answer.
And then Cas is back, close, on the bed. Dean forgets the pillow and climbs into his lap. "Make it stop, make it stop, make it stop," he chants, eyes closed and hands clutching. Cas gathers Dean close and in two seconds has a miraculously lubed hand around him. "Sonofbitch, don't stop" Dean curses in relief, rocking into Cas's body, fucking his hand, "Never stop."
"Say it again," he croaks, clinging to Dean.
He kneels down and reaches up to hold one side of Cas's face in his hand. It surprises him when Cas leans into his touch with a short sigh—it tugs at that already tight feeling inside him—but Dean musters on. "This won't hurt, but it might feel weird," he explains.
And while tears appeared in the corner of his eyes, Castiel’s dangerous anger started to rise, running through his body, mixing with frustration and pain. And he raised his eyes to stare at Dean who was finally daring to look at him. The same Dean who could suddenly see how he had messed up and broke the angel even more than he already was. And it hurt him so badly, as his heart was breaking too. But he couldn’t let his feelings guide him. He couldn't.
So he started to get closer to Castiel, closer to the box, as the angel had no way out. He was trapped.
For all that happened, we know each other for 12 years. 12 years... I know you know this, because I’ve already told you several times, but those 12 years, no matter how messed up they had been somehow, were the best part of my life. Those years I spend by your side... Made me feel like someone, for the first time. You know, I have a family now. People I care about, that care about me. People I would die for and that would die for me. A home. And trust me when I say it, if I could do it all over again, I would, and I wouldn’t change a thing.
“Yeah, he was just…” What was he doing, going on with this 'fine' bullshit so quickly again. They just got Cas back. Dean was maybe going to go hide again behind it, but Sam couldn’t. He wouldn’t. Castiel deserved better than that. “No.”
And the hunter had spent hours like that, his dead body frozen, unable to move, unable to live. Until Sam had found him the next morning and had finally carried him home.
Dean just repeated it again, and again and again, putting always more strength, more emotions, more pain and more tears in it, just to make sure he knew. Just to make sure he heard. But he stopped. The entire world stopped. Everything stopped, as the hunter had suddenly felt a pressure on his lips. And he knew.
That’s why Cas has always done his best to chase them away from Dean, even more after having his grace returned to him. Now, like a miracle, they were like they didn’t even exist, when the angel had never seen the man next to him this relaxed.
Dean's breath hitches.
"No, no, trust me, I don't want to. I just wanted to tell you guys what I found, but I forgot my phone. Let go of the door, Dean. I won't open it more."
"Sam," Dean cuts him off, screwing up his face as that pain kicks in again. "Sam, this is so not okay. It
Dean curses and steps away from the hot burner. "You again."
He’d never been the brave one. That was the joke about risk analysts, right? Always scared of the uncertainties. All prediction, no action. Just carefully plotted courses for other people to take. He’d borne the jibes of his brash, back-slapping coworkers, moved in their circles as more of an orbiting satellite than a star. But if he envied them anything it was their confidence. Observation of and appreciation for work well done had been its own reward, what he staked his sense of self on. He’d withstood the powerful tide of Wall Street because he was good at his job and knew its—and therefore
He squeezes and unsqueezes his hands into fists, fighting back what he knows is coming anyway.
Even the tail lights of Ava’s Honda seem relieved as she pulls away.
Okay, so it's not as exciting or whatever as hunting and killing monsters. But it's what Dean and Sam and their dad and, hell, all hunters everywhere have always been hunting and killing monsters in order to protect. Family. People. Because people matter. And Cas matters, so Cas should be part of it. A whole part of it.
Dean can't move. Or maybe he can, but he sure as fuck doesn't want to. Castiel dismounts on his own and settles in on his stomach along Dean's side, chin posted on his chest. Dean chuckles to himself tiredly—just when he gets the angel all clean, he goes and dirties him up again. He closes his eyes as he laughs, giving his body a minute to recover.
Cas looks at him warily, and Dean can see him putting pieces together. "It's been getting harder to make you come. Taking longer." He lets that sink in for Dean. "This isn't going to be easy."
Dean tells Sam to blow his pop psychology crap out his ass.
Dean picks up the scissors they use for cutting bandages, opens them like a scalpel, and takes a breath, bracing himself. He just needs to see, needs to make sure. He drags one sharp edge across his forearm just to watch it bleed—to make sure there is blood in his veins and a pulse to pump it.
Nothing really changes about his routine. He gets up as usual, gets dressed as usual, drinks his coffee and gets to work as usual. What’s different now is that Castiel is curious.
"You shouldn't still be here," Cas rumbles, even as his hips give an interested push into Dean's hand.
"Whoa whoa whoa, Cas, hey." Dean grabs his wrist before Cas can fly away. He's not going to let one bad joke mess this up. He slips right up close to make sure Cas sees he's being straight with him. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that, it was just . . . Here's the deal—forget everything I said before, okay? You can hang out with Sam whenever you want. I'm glad you had him on your side. Ain't nobody better for backup, trust me, I know." He coaxes Cas with a smile, but Cas still looks wary.
"I'm sorry, Dean," Cas is saying before Dean even opens his eyes. "Whatever it is, it's powerful. Its hold on you is strong."
"No, I made it."
He had been ready, three days prior, when a phone call from the moving company informed him his delivery was delayed “due to an unforeseen delivery conflict,” but he isn’t ready now. He’s mid–paint prep in the living room and most of the way thought peeling several decades of wallpaper from the dining room.
"So, why can't you fix that, again? Run that by me one more time."
He punches the pillow with a muffled
"It won't be the last. I want— The want part won't go away, okay? The wanting
When the world comes back, Dean has a hard time un-tensing. He's locked around Cas, unable and unwilling to let go, but a roll of Cas's hips tells him he's got to. He pulls free carefully, then reels off to the side, wrecked. Cas rubs a hand on Dean's upper thigh, one calm point of contact.
The scissors clatter into the sink as Cas crushes Dean's hand until it opens. He snatches a bandage from the counter and slaps it over the oozing red slice on Dean's arm, then pushes Dean's own hand over the compress to hold it in place while he gets the tape. He's glaring.
"Where'd you even get all this?" Dean asks, wading into the mess. He picks up a burnt pancake and taps it against the edge of the stove. It's solid.
“I found the snack machine today,” Castiel says when Dean pulls back.
The ticker-tape of ghost-related questions kickstarts in Castiel’s mind again, but just because Dean seems to have an impolite streak doesn’t mean Castiel should forget his manners. “Hello, Dean,” he greets, carefully neutral.
This close Dean can smell Cas—no, it's not Cas. It's Purgatory. He smells the mud, the rotted trees, the blood. It doesn't reek in a human way like Dean had. The grime on Cas's fingers is darkest and it fades up his wrists and forearms, the pale skin of his shoulders and chest framed by the beard on his neck and face.
Castiel laughs quietly. “Yeah, I am.”
What Dean wants most in the whole world right then is to roll Cas over and fuck into him balls deep. But he can't do that quite yet—or he won’t, because of Cas’s back—so he goes for the next best thing.
It takes two seconds for the silence and stillness to get weird. The kitchen smells mouthwateringly good. It's warm and Cas is close and if Dean were to close his eyes he might end up dreaming this same scene. It wasn't as weird as he thought it would be, Cas cooking. But before he begins to think something sappy and stupid like
“Nice to see you too, brother,” Sam says, right hand wrapped around his left ribs. He didn’t bother to pick up the flashlight and it spills light across the floor and down the hallway. Castiel inches in the opposite direction, into the dark and behind Dean.
Castiel’s skin prickles all over, cooler than the afternoon sun should allow. He crosses his arms, digging his fists into the crooks of his elbows to keep from shaking, to keep calm, and surveys the mess again.
The ghost looks at his proffered hand and snorts. Castiel pulls it back, feeling his face color. “Yeah, I know. Castiel Novak.” He tosses his head toward the desk in the opposite corner. “Read your mail.”
"It's a possibility," Cas rumbles. "There are many afflictions spoken of in the ancient texts, even through your Middle Ages. I can't know which is affecting Dean."
"Just a few more steps, Cas. Up this time. Come on."
Dean is kissing him again, their mouths tangling, probing, but "I got you," he says, his arm tightening around Castiel's back even as his thigh pushes between Castiel's legs, both preventing him from falling and sending pleasure coursing up through him. He moans again, kisses Dean in return more fiercely.
With an awkward kind of head bob, Cas seems to concede the point. "This is a change for the better," he says solemnly. "It . . . suits you."
And that’s the heavy breathing of a steamy sex scene.
Castiel smiles, smoothing two fingers over an edge to clean off the dust. He rolls through the dial carefully, listening for any voice to cut through the static. Instead he finds music, pure jazz—better than what he’d hoped for—on a local NPR affiliate. He gives the cabinet an affectionate pat as he turns back to his unpacking, haphazardly humming along to Dave Douglas.
Thing is, he just keeps coming back. He just pops in, the friendly neighborhood angel who chops vegetables for the salad. Castiel, Warrior Angel of the Cutting Board, Dean teased once, but Cas's gaze hardened and he made his next slice extra deliberate and Dean reminded himself not to piss off the angel holding a sharp object.
Cas. Sleeping.
“Hard evidence that my house is haunted?” he teases, noting photos with realty signs in front of houses he doesn’t recognize declaring them “Not Haunted” and a few documents peppered with legal jargon.
Stepping out into the comparatively cold air of the hall, Dean lets out a deep breath, trying to shed some of the intensity. He shakes it off, rubs at his eyes. He's fine. Tired, but fine. Except he feels something inside him drawn tight, like he's holding his breath, waiting. Maybe it's leftover from Purgatory—always waiting for the other shoe to drop, the next monster to show up. Maybe it's the waiting for Cas to get angeled up again. But somehow it feels like it's just
Dean laughs. Reinterpreted through angelspeak, he's pretty sure that means Cas had, in fact, been bribing him with the promise of sex. It's funnier than it should be. And kind of sweet in that I-don't-know-how-to-ask-for-things-I-want, angel way.
Dean's just hit the bed again when there's a knock at the door and the sound of a key in the lock. He flies up and claps himself against the back of door before it opens more than an inch.
Cas laughs and there's a jumble of affection and satisfaction in the low roll of his voice when he says, "Welcome home, Dean."
Living, it turns out, requires risk.
Sam picks up shifts when he can, which means Sam sits in the corner booth with his 800-page law books and guzzles coffee and takes over the grill when Dean can't find anybody else. Over time Dean hires a bus boy named Troy and a prep cook named Hank, and a waitress, and then a second waitress. Pat's a bottle-blond broad with a swagger who doesn't take guff from Dean even though he owns the place. Jeanie's got a kid Dean thinks is the bomb and a douchebag ex Dean would like to give a black eye.
“But why are you back? What’s—” Dean notices the glow. It’s as high as his hips now.
— — — — —
"Only one way to know for sure," Bobby says, getting to his feet. "Stay here," he orders and points to what's got to be protective runes on the carpet.
One thing he’s not is scared. Dean was a surprise and he was stern, but he wasn’t horror-movie scary. It’s not a headless horseman or stripe-suited Beetlejuice or green ball of ectoplasm with too-human teeth haunting him. It’s a fairly attractive young man with a chip on his shoulder. If anything, Castiel’s relieved—at least his memory isn’t Swiss cheese.
"You stopped in for another one of your little heart-to-hearts, huh?"
Cas's eyelids flutter, mouth falling open momentarily before he gulps, twisting his hips to bear down on Dean's fingers. "Hop to, sailor," he challenges.
Dean redirects into the subject of baking, showing Cas how to fold in the dry ingredients into the wet ones, how to spoon up the right size glob of dough onto the baking sheet, and—God help him—the benefits of licking the beaters.
"Come on, Cas," Dean urges, biting at Cas's earlobe, "Come on you gotta fuck this thing outta me."
He doesn't look dead. He looks beaten, but not broken.
"Dean, no," he protests but coughing overtakes him. The sight of the blood only spurs Dean's argument.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, outstretched arms ending with fists on the counter.
or you
Cas goes quiet for a moment, and he looks away before he speaks. "I always listen for you." Before Dean can think of what to say to that, let alone get past the hitch in his chest, Cas shifts and sighs restlessly, scrubbing his hands over his face before letting them dangle between his knees. "The war takes much of my time. It isn't . . . it's a difficult battle. I'm needed, but I can't—"
He's somehow a lot closer than he was before. Dean swallows carefully, breathes shallowly. "But not undead?"
“BECAUSE YOUR HOUSE IS FUCKING HAUNTED,” Meg screeches and Castiel jerks the phone away from his head.
Castiel had been disappointed not to see Dean the rest of last night or this morning, but he hadn’t thought about it in those terms—Dean acting like an asshole, making a situation about himself. And yet, there were elements of truth there, and the fact that Dean had evidently been stewing about it was endearing. He moves over to his desk and flips through the mail, unshouldering his bag onto the chair.
Castiel shoots him a look. Dean’s answering smile is all mischief, his green eyes sparkling.
Cas is in an apron—in nothing but an apron—and making pancakes. Or, trying to make pancakes. It looks to be a losing battle.
His first reaction is to close his eyes again and sigh with relief. Of course Dean is there. Of course he crowds immediately across the boundary only just opened to him. Of course.
"Oh, Dean," Cas practically purrs. "Ohh, yes."
Cas pauses before he does it, though, poised to ask permission, get confirmation that this is okay. His mouth hovers just above Dean's cock and there's no answer other than yes. Except maybe, "Fuck yes," which is what Dean says. Cas sinks down on him then. He laps at Dean's semi-soft cock, lapping until it's full and tight again. All of Dean's veins are on fire. Cas licks and pulls and sucks him off in a way that leaves Dean grasping at Cas's collar, his knees bending and kicking as he gives himself over to the soft, hot, wet attention of Cas's mouth. And he calls Cas's name, begging and encouraging
“No, it’s what you do,” Castiel grumbles, adjusting the ladder over a few feet before mounting it again.
But he's not gonna argue with an order like that.
Just as he did with the electric razor, Dean works carefully around the corners of Cas's jaw, tipping his head with gentle directions from his fingertips. This time, though, Cas's eyes are open.
At the moment he’s trying to visualize the short, blunt screw of this outlet cover finding the hole it’s supposed to go in and failing even at that, so he admits she has a point. “Regardless, you don’t have to worry. The situation seems to be back to normal.”
The toy army man sits on the countertop nearby, pointing his gun at the toaster. “Looks like you’re stuck with me, soldier.”
The good dreams come back. More kitchens, more making out, now in more detail because Dean knows what Cas tastes like now, knows how deepening a kiss can make him give one of those broken, begging moans. Dean doesn't mind these dreams so much now that he can make out with Cas in real life.  Not that they always do. Make out, that is. And that's something Dean is surprised to find he likes, the will-they-won't-they thing. Hell if he knows how a sure bet ever ended up sounding boring, but it does by comparison. So no, they don't whip up a game of tonsil hockey every time, but it's at least a possibility.
"And it would be good for you to stop having heart-to-hearts with Sam," Dean snaps. He immediately feels guilty, but Cas drops the issue.
He lets go and swats Dean's hand away too, pushing their bodies back together and thrusting messily, the head of his cock grazing the crease of Dean’s hip, sliding in next to his balls. Dean lets go and lets him, happy to lay back and take it, but then Cas's voice breaks from above him.
“Whatever,” Dean says, but the box of nails Castiel needs drifts up from the floor, within easy reach.
"Sure, where'd we leave off? Oh, that's right. Sam's been teaching you how to ask annoying personal questions."
Dean grabs Cas's hand, presses it to his chest. "Look at me, Cas! Look at me. We got one thing that can get us out of here. Take it, Cas. It's yours anyway."
When he snaps out of it, Sam is making his dude-that's-disturbing bitchface and tells him that anger is the second stage in the grief process.
Sam's voice is blurry but he sounds like he's sitting up now as he says, "Yeah? Hey, Dean, that's great."
He doesn't ask if he'll see Cas tomorrow. He doesn't want to hear him say no.
Cas takes off his trench coat as though he's going to help, only he doesn't. Instead he settles on one of the nearby barstools and watches. He watches Dean crack open the container of leftover chicken parts, watches his fingers as he begins to pluck meat from the bones.
“You’re wrong. Try it.”
Somewhere around thirty seconds later, Cas pops into existence in front of him, shoulders hunched and tight in his trench coat, disheveled as ever. Dean's heart lurches and his brain stumbles out a real prayer in the form of
Castiel smiles for the first time in over two hours and sighs, “I am impressed.”
He slams the trunk shut.
"Yeah," Dean drawls, smiling widely as he works his fingers against Castiel's scalp. "Feels good to get clean, right?"
“I knew he was there,” she says, sounding almost smitten, and that stops Castiel short.
On the third day, Sam drives them to Bobby's while Dean’s passed out in the passenger seat. But it's Cas who says something first.
He doesn't say that, though. He just keeps washing.
It feels really good to want this. And Dean lets himself have it.
With a few final pecks, he leans back, settling in behind Cas again, and swipes two fingers through the petroleum jelly. He rubs it between his thumb and fingers first, warming and loosening the gel as Cas reaches back to lazily stroke his side. When he folds his slicked fingers around Cas's pert and pretty erection they both moan. Cas curls in on himself for a second, then stretches out and fucks into Dean's hand with a satisfied groan, grabbing a handful of Dean's hip to as if to keep him close. Dean kisses his neck behind his ear and sets a pace.
"They're alive. You need to rest."
"New deal. She holds down the fort in Cicero, maybe gets herself a real boyfriend someday, and I set up shop here. Try doing my own thing. Somebody once told me it would be good to have a place of my own. I finally got the point."
Sam gestures to the couch and chairs but continues over to the kitchen himself. “Can I get you something to drink? Eileen has some water on for tea, I think.” He joins a petite woman with salt and pepper hair in a low ponytail who’s standing at the kitchen island. She’s dwarfed by Sam’s height, and looks up at him as he speaks and signs introductions of Meg and Castiel. “They’re here about the old house,” he adds.
Dean leans against a nearby radiator. “So I tell this chick, ‘Yeah, no shit I’m dead.’ I mean, I’d noticed I was invisible, that was a pretty big hint . . .”
No one knows how many lives are going to suffer from this better than he does. The first day he’d tried to carry on, to run errands in town, but watching all those people, all these average, middle-class, striving Americans walking around with no understanding of what’s about to happen, what has happened, what it will mean for them for the next ten, twenty years. This isn’t a problem that can be solved. It’s only the beginning. And he’s so sorry. He tried to stop it.
Castiel’s eyes lock with Meg’s and hope fills the ache in his chest. He doesn’t know what Sam Winchester would be able to do. He’s positive it’s a terrible idea to show up on someone’s doorstep to ask about their dead brother. But to be able to talk to someone who knew Dean, knew what it is to live with his ghost . . .
"Cas I… I love you. I love you so much… I, I can't let you go. I need you… And, I'm sorry, I'm sorry it took me so long, I'm so sorry… I- I was so lost, angry and scared… And, blinded…"
So believe me when I say I love you, because I do, so much. And I know you do it too Dean. I know it. I’m an angel, you know, and we’re bonded, remember? I know the way your heart beats so fast when I enter the room. The way you look at me… I know you feel it too. And I know you know it. Even if you never talk about it, like I never do either.
And Dean had felt in. He knew. He was feeling all that the angel was giving to him. All that love, that care, affection, protection, emotions, and feelings... He could feel it. And it only broke his heart more than it already was.
Dean's whole body was entirely shaking, as the angel had broken down in tears. Castiel was right. He was only right. And that reality hurt him so badly. He didn't want all of that. He didn't want to do that. He just wanted Cas to be fine. For them to be fine. He didn't want to give up on him. He never did. And never would. Castiel was his whole world and he would do anything, everything to save him. He would move heaven and earth for him. And he did. For months he did. He wasn't even sleeping nor eating, he was just searching and searching, again and again. Ne
“It isn’t the time, my time hasn’t come! You promised, said you would only come when I’ll be happy. Well I am NOT!!! You can’t do that now you can’t!!! So get your ass back here and FIX THIS!!”
It wasn’t only what he felt that was stopping him. More than that, more than not accepting his own feelings, for a long time he couldn’t accept Castiel’s either. Cause it was one thing, not accepting to love. But not accepting to
“I won’t let you risk that. I won’t.
“Looks like I just arrived at the right time,” Dean said, getting off Cas’ arms.
… He really had no idea.
The angel’s finger slowly fell off the hunter's arm, grazing his hand, making his whole body shiver.
to do. Because it was too late. Too late for Castiel. Too late for them.
“So what? H-He will just know my feelings? And that’s it? No!!! I need to say goodb-
to remind me
And, all his strengths letting him down, Dean had suddenly fallen on his knees. His body couldn't handle anymore. His body couldn't carry him. It was too much. And his eyes were stuck on the ground, knowing the one he loved had been buried alive so far underground. That, at that exact moment, he would maybe still be screaming, begging, blaming, crying...
“He cares about you, Cas, more than anyone ever could. And I know it might be impossible to think sometimes, but he does.” Sam smiles fondly. He was seeing a new spark rise in the angel’s eyes, something so hopeful, so gentle.
And within a second, in a last breath, a last shiver, a last sob… He was gone.
Maybe the angel’s presence and the gentle touch of their shoulders and thighs, while casually sitting on the couch, talking peacefully while staring at each other all night, ignoring Sam’s happy bitch face, was all he needed. Maybe Cas was all he needed. What he always needed.
But it was too late, and his voice was already covered by the silver walls of the box. But Dean could still hear him, and every word that Castiel was shouting was breaking every piece of his heart, one by one.
and losing myself in it
But then, when they finally arrived… He saw it, just behind Dean, near a huge whole and a huge heap of soil, so close to him. He recognized it. The box. The Ma’lak box.
So he didn't respond. He couldn't.
After all, the Empty had always been right. It was indeed his time. The entity had kept his word.
And never, never know… That somewhere, Castiel would still hear him, desperately trying, years after years, to reach him.
- This
And after what felt like an eternity of peace, their connection broke apart. Castiel’s lips left Dean’s, as his head suddenly fell on the hunter’s shoulder. All his strengths had suddenly left him and his inert body. He had taken his last breath, as Dean’s painful sobs had begun again.
to save the angel. To keep hope.
And the angel knew all of that. Because every night, every single night he was hearing it. Dean’s screams. Dean shouting, praying for him. Every single night those same words were stuck in his head again. So every night, he was watching over him, trying his best every time to calm the hunter, surrounding him with his strong arms, whispering that he’s there, that he’s alright, that everything is fine. Every night, it was his voice that was keeping the hunter safe. The angel would keep holding Dean in his arms for hours till he finally gets to sleep peacefully.
The angel looked up at Sam, before lowing his graze again, eyes wide, realizing. There was guilt inside of him, for having broken his human so much so many times, for killing him. But he also felt that warm feeling inside his heart, infinitely unconditional.
Castiel chokes back a sob and sinks his hand into Dean's chest.
Cas echoes his smile—it squeezes all the way up to the corners of his eyes—and Dean leans down to kiss him. Cas's tongue traces Dean's bottom lip, sucks it between his teeth. He makes a feast of Dean's mouth, kissing and tasting as though he's a home-cooked meal or a friggin' last supper. Dean doesn't think twice about giving him all he's got.
He feels Cas bristle before he even turns to face him. "I'm an angel, Dean. Spreading news is part of the job description," Cas snaps. "Sam has been a good friend and confidant during a time of distress. I wanted to share the
"I'm thinking of getting my own place," Dean interrupts, because some things are more important than Sam's beauty rest. Lisa had been awesome about the idea last night, but in the light of day Dean's nerves are shot to hell. Which is lame, by the way. He can track down a Wendigo and knife all manner of monsters at close range, but the idea of apartment hunting scares the shit out of him. Go figure.
Castiel looks up to see a brunette with an armful of books smiling at him. He turns his back on the so-called card catalogue.
He's tired and cold and it's too much. It's too much and there are too many scars.
“Good,” Castiel nods.
—doesn’t reappear the next day, or the one after. All signs point to being alone, but Castiel moves a little more carefully through the house anyway.
“How did you— I mean, how do you know—”
Cas chose Dean, and that's really good now, because Dean needs him.
"Oh," Cas says, brow still furrowed.
CNN has the story. Angelus is failing. It’s sold off its shares in a fire sale, tanking the market in a day. Analysts are worried it’s the first domino to fall. There’s live footage outside Angelus headquarters, a static shot of the building’s entrance, no one entering or exiting. The crawl at the bottom of the screen ticks off the damage to the Dow, stock prices falling, falling, falling.
It’s pretty clear he won’t be needing it.
already, okay? No dice. It just . . . keeps coming back." If Dean could just curl up and die now, he would. He'd rather be decapitating Purgatory's uglies than telling his brother about his boner problems. But he can't go work a case like this. They've got a lead on the next tablet and they're supposed to go play insurance agents today. Popping a chubby in his suit pants over coffee with a grieving grandma of a widow is wrong on so many levels.
When he looks down, Dean is still standing there silent, forehead wrinkled. It’s the first time Dean’s appeared at all awkward in their week of acquaintance and Castiel’s anger relents a little.
Cas kisses him again, this time with an edge, to remind Dean of all his dirty promises. "You'd better."
The outlet in the bedroom where he sleeps had worked the first night, but not the next time he tried. An outlet in the kitchen didn’t work at all, even though it was on the same wall (and therefore presumably on the same breaker) as the toaster oven, which was working. The living room outlets were hit or miss, depending on the day. One morning he woke to find the phone reached full battery life while plugged in overnight, but it died within the day even though he hadn’t touched it.
But what the fuck
“That was Vietnam, then.”
The latch gives under this thumb and the old wooden door eases inward with Castiel’s gentle push.
"Okay, Cas. I know you're pissed at me, but if you could get your feathery ass down here, well, I'd be mighty grateful," he mock prays aloud, chin tilted up toward Heaven from the empty street. "I got something to show you, so, you know, please."
Pleasure crashes over him, and he moans, suddenly wanting more and more, for Cas never to stop, for this never to end. He whimpers because it has to, it
It’s dim inside, but not fully dark. Still, Sam scans the flashlight beam around as they enter.
Castiel stays near the soldier. The toy’s rifle is aimed at a nearby teapot and he seems undisturbed by events outside his hutch. Castiel folds his fingers around the matchbox in his coat pocket and silently asks forgiveness for what he’s about to do. The figure doesn’t offer any, but it’s the best Castiel can do. He steps back into the hall as Sam emerges from the kitchen, flashlight streaming ahead of him.
“No! No, I don’t know him. Believe me, okay? I don’t know who your mystery man is—or was.” She snickers, then clears her throat. “But look, I think I saw him. A long time ago.”
"Okay, down we go," Dean says, voice strained as he lowers Castiel's arm from around his neck. Castiel drops heavily onto a soft surface. A bed, likely.
Cas proceeds to fuck him into the mattress, which is how Dean comes the good ol' fashioned way, knees to his shoulders and cupping his junk out of the way as he begs Cas not to stop, never to stop.
" Dean stretches his arms out, bares his wasted body for Cas to see, and tries to ignore that he's not just shivering but trembling.
Sam chuffs. “Yeah, sounds familiar. But—”
A day and a half day of dry air and fluorescent, ’70s bricked sunlessness has made Castiel more appreciative of his modern, windowed workplace. And the lore . . . It’s mostly nonsense. Or, that’s his initial reaction each time he comes across chapters on orbs or ectoplasm. But enough of the accounts echo his lived experiences that he reminds himself that he can’t dismiss it all out of hand. Unexplained noises. Displaced objects. Sourceless whispers or laughter. Cold spots.
Dean half sobs with how good it is as Cas takes him in again, and he can't stop his hips from blindly fucking forward. It's really important he comes, he remembers. He pushes, once, twice, three times and then— "Shit." He pulls away. "Shit shit shit,
"And remember that thing you showed me when we were in storage—the rhino horn?"
"He's having, uh, a reaction. We're not sure to what yet."
Dean releases a breath and lets his fists bounce nervously against his sides. Castiel smiles softly.
"But if you knew, you could stop it." Sammy sounds a little desperate, and Dean doesn't like the silence that follows.
It’s the closest Castiel has come to telling Dean to shut the hell up. Honestly, he doesn’t have the heart to. It’s likely been decades since Dean regularly conversed with anyone.
Placing his fingers on the planchette, he closes his eyes and relaxes, trying to open himself to the house’s energies, whatever that means. Maybe Meg’s directions hadn’t been so clear after all. Or maybe he’s just impatient.
"Sammy didn't get to be Gigantor on Lucky Charms alone," Dean shrugs. "Somebody had to feed him real food," he adds, so that Cas doesn't think he was wheeling and dealing with leprechauns or anything.
to do this to me," Dean pants, gripping his cock tight. "Not just help clean up some ugly curse's mess. It'll be better then," he promises, lips pressing the words into Cas's skin. "It'll be for real. I'll be so hard for you. I'll be this hard for you." He wrests Cas's hand from its grip on the sheets and wraps it around him, moving it up and down his shaft as Cas collapses forward, folding Dean in half and fucking deep.
Sam shrugs. "Close to a month, maybe? I didn't notice until he busted his knuckles and they won't heal. And his lip. And then, like you said, he's started losing weight. Stopped eating, for the most part. Stopped drinking."
“Eat,” she says, plopping a ziplocked peanut butter and jelly sandwich and bag of potato chips on the book spread open in front of him. He’s slouched at one of the large reading tables adjacent to the reference section, as he has been for the past two days. The other tables around him are currently empty, though depending on time of day he sometimes shares the space with elderly men dozing off over open newspapers or children with coloring sheets and crayons.
"I don't understand," Cas says as Dean turns to plop the mushrooms into the pot and stir. "If you have always been capable of preparing nutritious food for yourself and your brother, why did you only eat pizza and fried chicken and hamburgers?"
The pain comes and goes, but it doesn't stay away. Bobby and Sam keep trying to get him to eat—they don't like how much weight he's lost, he'll start losing muscle soon, they say—but Dean's still not hungry, and eating brings back the pain. It's like getting a dagger to the gut. Repeatedly. Only without the bleeding. When Sam sets a mug of chicken broth and some crackers in front of him for the fourth time in two days, Dean glowers at it. "This is bullshit,” he grouses. Sam keeps walking, ignoring him. “I want a cheeseburger."
“Are you suggesting a BLT? I’m out of lettuce and I don’t like tomatoes anyway.” Castiel realizes he’s talking louder than usual, the way Americans do when trying to communicate with someone who speaks a language other than English. He doesn’t know where to direct his comments.
Meg pushes the doorbell and they hear footsteps inside. The door swings open on a man who is unmistakably Sam. "Hey, welcome," he greets, and there’s the barest hint of a twang in his voice. His hairline has receded and his hair is a little shorter and grayer than in the photos Castiel found in the attic, but the planes and angles of his nose and cheekbones have barely changed.
“Good.”
"No, he . . . " Sam gets fidgety. "He said something about having a deal to break and that he had to go."
"Yeah, sure, but—"
Dean is working down Cas's wrists to his fingers, pulling off the dirt. The washcloth is turning black, the bathwater cloudy.
"Yeah, yeah okay. We're headed to—" He blanks. In fact, he's not sure he knows. "Hey Sammy, where we headed?" he calls back over his shoulder, eyes never leaving Cas.
But as Cas nestles back against him, Dean thinks that maybe this is what they were waiting for. Maybe this is what comes next. And maybe that’s enough.
"That good?" Dean asks and Cas nods frantically.
Cas just shakes his head more. "There is no bargain to be made, Dean. Whatever this illness—this affliction—is, it's preventing me from healing you. I can't take the pain away, I can't heal any wounds you sustain. Your body isn't repairing its damage the way it should. My grace is of no use."
He dreams of shouting Dean's name though he knows Dean will never hear him again.
He could choose to be pissed about the possibility of Cas planting ideas in his head, but instead he goes straight to the sexy side of things—Cas was apparently digging on Dean's fantasies.
“Marines.”
"You're still here." Cas says, over-solemn and eternally disappointed, as the plastic mayonnaise jar hits the floor with a bounce.
“Ghost?” The figure crosses his arms at his chest and leans his weight back on one hip. Except he doesn’t really have weight, does he? “Yeah, that’s me. One hundred percent dead and haunting you.” He couples a cursory wave with a sardonic smile, all without uncrossing his arms. “Howdy.”
. His body already agrees. "You've gotta be kidding me," he says, staring down at his lap.
Dean skips over that. "Well, whatever was after you isn't here. You're fine now, 'kay?" He gives Cas a reassuring clap on the arch of his neck, but frowns as his hand meets a cold, wet trench coat.
Goodbye Dean.
And he suddenly raised his eyes. They were all here, all the hunters he knew, his friends, his family. All the people he ever cared about. Jody, Bobby, Claire, Jack, Sam… And Dean… He could see all of them fighting, holding on until their last breath. Giving out all they ever had to try to win. But it was a lost war already. It had been the second they had arrived on this land. They thought they had found THE solution, the thing that would send back to hell and purgatory every single one creature, and close the gates forever. But they only ended up on a trap, with a thousand monsters.
That last sneer was the final step. The final knife.
"I need your grace
There was silence. The only thing breaking it was the repetitive tapping of Billie's fist on the door, reminding them at every tap of the time they had left to live, lessening and lessening. But Castiel was confident know. He knew that Dean would come out of here alive. He knew he would have a chance to finally win and be free. He knew he could save him one last time, and that was all that mattered for him. To save Dean Winchester.
Then, like his body suddenly took the entire control of him, within a second, he found himself running into Dean’s arms. He had no words, but he just wanted,
And I know it’s hard, but you have to, any of you. So I need you to tell Sam. Jack already knows, I spend the whole night explaining to him what had to be done. And even if he’s still not completely okay with this, he understands. And I need you to understand too, Dean. Please, understand.
And even if the anger was present in every cell of his body, even if the pain and deception were so high that it was hard to look at the hunter, Castiel was trying to calm down. He still wanted to trust Dean. He still wanted to reason him. To show him he was wrong. Maybe Dean just wasn’t thinking. Maybe he had been surrounded by the pain and had freaked out. Maybe… Castiel didn’t know, but he couldn’t accept what was going on.
- Dean was falling deeper and deeper into the ground, watching Castiel speak his last words. Watching him die.
But Castiel had still been here, every time, coming back even though Dean kept pushing him away, and here again, forgiving him when Dean finally found the words to say that he was sorry. And so Dean kept hoping. He always hopped Castiel would know, and that he would understand. As much as he loved him, he wasn’t ready to cross the wall yet. So he hopped he would know, from the best he could to try to show it, from the best he could to get close to him, that he felt it, too. That he felt it, and was sorry, so sorry for being so trapped.
But suddenly, coming out of nowhere in this empty world around him… he heard it. He heard the call. The voice.
For a moment, Cas’ graze had dropped softly on Dean peacefully sleeping against him, savoring this moment that felt safe, that felt
He would lose himself.
Castiel didn’t know what to say, nor what to think of all this. Yeah, he had ideas, but- It had to be something else. But whatever was the reason behind all this, his heart had never felt like that, never beaten like that.
And all the while Castiel was happy, finally speaking his truth, saving the one he loved, smiling like he never did before - because that was it, he was finally saying it, and he could feel Dean's love one last time, and Dean could finally hear the words, hear the whole truth and
Soon, Castiel's screams didn't do anything to him anymore. He was just... Dead inside. His face was frozen, his eyes, and all of his body was so cold, empty of life, broken.
Thank you for everything.
Dean and Castiel had been alone on a hunt today. Found out this case was more special than they thought, and things really went the wrong way. They didn’t know what else to do and were in danger. They maybe knew how to get out, but that would mean that the creature would still be running and all those people would continue to die. But Castiel had a plan. He was the only one who could get them out of here, save the people and close that case. But it was way too dangerous. And Dean tried to keep the angel’s mind out of that idea, but he couldn’t. This was their only shot. There wasn’t any other way.
!!!!"
And he knew that was the reason why the hunter couldn’t let him follow that plan. Dean couldn’t risk those nightmares to become reality again. He couldn’t. the hunter was willing to do anything to save the angel from doing this. He knew that Castiel would die if he was doing this. And he knew the angel knew it too. He knew he wanted to protect him… But DEAN, he HAD to protect Castiel. He had to tell him, he had to-
"But now I'm saying it, I'm telling you now I... I'm in love with you, Castiel"
. And when Sam had finally got Dean up to carry him to his room, the angel had instantly felt the loss of him, feeling cold, missing the hunter. Just like Dean’s arm had fallen against Castiel, his hand almost gripping the angel’s trench coat before being taken away from the sofa. Because for the first night of sleep he would have, letting him sleep uncomfortably on the couch was out of the question. If there was one thing Dean needed right now was to rest and have a real good and peaceful night.
Dean knew, of course he knew. He knew, but even knowing it, hearing the truth of it in real words, of what was here between them, and even more in this situation, was too much.
Tension had been a sudden stranger when they came home, when Cas finally met Jack. Dean was still a little suspicious deep down, but everything seemed different this time. Cas was back. And somehow, maybe he was thankful to the kid for life now for having brought back the angel. Maybe seeing Castiel trust and love Jack was shaking him. Maybe he was just too happy and whole to be mad. Or maybe too tired.
And within a second, he found himself pushed hard into the Ma'lak box. He didn't even have the time to realize that he already was locked in.
But it only made the hunter hold him even closer and tighter. All the world around them had disappeared: the fight, the monsters that his brother and everyone were now trying to keep away from him,
- I love you”
Smiling, Castiel felt suddenly brave, grounded by the purest effects of love. A hand still on Dean’s hair, and the other holding the hunter close to him, he lowered himself to place his lips against Dean’s forehead. Soft and quick, the kiss sent electricity in all his body while he firmly believed for a second he wouldn’t survive that amount of love.
- Oh, darling, I come when I decide.” The Empty was only enjoying seeing Castiel broken. He could hear his heart breaking in a million pieces after every single word he was saying.
“Cas, I know you can hear me, I know you can still hear me… I’m here…”
He had tried. He had tried so hard…
- But
But Castiel did feel it.
Anything but that. The Ma’lak box. To contain that power. Forever. So Dean had had to build it again, to spend hours, days, building something that would bury alive his best friend. His angel. The only one he loved. His whole world. He would have to lock him up, letting him live the eternity alone in that box. And doing that… Was worse than seeing him die.
That same hope, that would keep destroying him a little more every day, pushing him to still look out for his lost love every single day.
Maybe it was Castiel’s presence or the small rhythm of his hand caressing Dean’s hair, or maybe it was the angel’s grace working miraculously its way to Dean’s soul. Maybe it was that unsaid promise that suddenly brought them closer. Maybe it was all that together, that calmed Dean.
Castiel could suddenly feel strong arms resting his head against the hunter’s body, as the angel could
“Dean, come on, you know me, you know I can handle it.”
- You almost died that night too!!! All I did was to protect you, Dean. Putting you first, like every single time. And I’ll do it again. I always will. Maybe it’s time for you to understand that.
“I- I’m not sure I-“
Caught off guard for the second time, Cas stopped breathing for a second, hand still moving, heart still beating faster, always faster. "I can't." Eyes still fixed on a Dean only holding him tighter as he was murmuring so quietly he had almost missed it, he swallowed. "Don’t leave me again… You hear me?”
. And that love, those emotions… had given him strength, so much strength. The strength he needed to go. Do what he had to do.
So like that, after a moment or two processing, he stood up, as Sam watched him carefully, waiting for the angel to speak.
Maybe it was all of it.
So Dean would only desperately cry and apologize to him again and again, his heart breaking into a million pieces every second, but still hoping, forever, that somehow, the angel could hear his prayers.
- Dean-“
He could see, how his breath had been taken away ever since he lost his best friend. He knew he tried to hide that facade, when Cas meant the world to him.
him crying even more. And Cas’ heart had been suddenly hit so hard that it had been even hard to breathe. He was trembling, as tears were slowly flowing above his cheeks.
Tears couldn't stop falling as his heart, and his whole world, had fallen apart. He loved the angel. More than anything or anyone. And now... He had sent him into that box.
Now the angel could see the hunter’s face. That dead, cold face. That expression that was bluntly breaking the angel from every angle, every side, everywhere.
In vain.
You know, I lived, centuries… Eternity. I’ve seen it all. Creation, destruction… I’ve seen humanity come to life, fall a million and million times, only to rise again every single time. Everything can move on, rebuilt and rise again. Humanity will never stop living, whatever happens. Because humanity has hope. Humanity has love. Something I never knew before. All those centuries I lived, all those things I saw... I always found humanity beautiful. But I never understood it. I never felt love, happiness. I never had someone to care for, someone to die for. Somewhere I belong to. I was just a simple angel following every order I received. Life was always the same. I had a mission, I was doing it, and then I was waiting for the other one. But I didn’t care. Because I didn’t even know emotions. Feelings.
He thought, then, and every day since, that this love was the greatest gift he could have. That Dean's love for him was the greatest, most beautiful gift he could've ever had.
It was their first kiss, and they took the most of it, telling everything through their lips moving against the other ones. Because they knew it was their last. They knew it was a goodbye. That, this moment, what they were sharing right now… Would be the only time, the only chance. The last moment. They both knew it.
“I… I don’t understand”
to find my own"
Dean was still looking away, while a tear was struggling to come out. He didn't want to lock him up in that box, he didn't want to bury him. He didn't want to say goodbye to him. He just wanted him to be okay, for things to be okay. And he couldn't even think straight, but he had to avoid thinking about his feelings. He had to stay strong, he had to do it... Even if it killed him.
But nothing was coming out of the angel. No word, no move. The hunter was desperately looking at the angel, his trembling eyes staring at this dying body. And Dean had to face the truth and accept the evidence. That his beloved angel wouldn’t get out of here alive. Maybe none of them would. But right now, Castiel was leaving him. He was too far away to keep fighting. Too tired.
“My angel…”
I need you to move on, Dean. To keep going, keep living. To find peace, like humanity does. Please… And take care of the kid for me, there are still so many things he doesn’t know about the world... but you'll make it. Because you are family. Dean, we all are family. But I had to go, I need you to be happy. I can’t take away your happiness. I can’t do that.
Dean was his heaven.
And don’t think it’s easy for me to go like that. But I had to. And I’m sorry for that Dean. I know that you deserve real goodbyes… You deserve a real explanation, face to face. But I couldn't. But you’ll understand, you’ll understand because you would’ve done the exact same thing if the roles were reversed. I know you, Dean. And you know me.
He had always known his feelings for Dean. Or, he didn’t know exactly what it was at first, so clueless about the knowledge of the purest and most beautiful thing humanity had to give. But he knew Dean was different. He knew he felt something different, deeper, stronger. And when slowly he started to understand humanity, he started understanding himself, too. Understanding what that love was. And it was the most beautiful thing he could have ever felt. Love.
Silence had fallen when Castiel had started to talk, Dean frozen to the bones, staring right into Castiel's eyes shining of a light brighter than Dean had ever seen, and his smile bigger than it ever was on that face. But Dean wasn’t thinking. He couldn’t think anything. He could only listen. Listen to the one he loved telling him that he was going to die.
Castiel suddenly stopped thinking. His fingers frizzed against Dean’s arm.
The angel had shared his last breath with Dean. His arms surrounding him had made him home. At peace. And now he was ready to go. To be taken away.
It was everything at the same time. Every word ever unspoken, every emotion, every feeling ever felt. It was everything, showing what they both needed to tell, to show. What they both knew. What they both needed.
Dean seemed to melt into the touch, relaxing again as he felt closer to the angel than he has ever been. Moving his lips to Dean’s hair before dropping another kiss there, Castiel thought:
But above all that… He wasn’t happy. He wasn’t. So why? They had a
He could never hear him again… See him again… touch him again… And Dean would never know. He would never know his feelings. But Castiel just wanted that moment to happen, he just wanted that happiness that the Empty had promised him… But now, while last tears were struggling out, peace slowly reaching his body, between all those fainted sounds caused by the pain going away… he was giving up.
“But Dean-
“No no no no no…”
. This was maybe the most beautiful thing he had ever felt. Indescribable, unconditional, infinite and unique, but here in all its beauty.
“It’s good to know he made you happy”
“But what if you can’t?”
I realize now,
, loved him, and Dean loved him too, and he was gone. They were gone.
"When the mark made you lose control, or when Michael was possessing you, I didn't
Caught by surprise, Castiel first remained still, frozen. His mind went empty and he had no idea what to do. The movement of his hand on Dean’s hair had stopped too, and Cas looked down at him in panic. Dean seemed to feel the lack of it and miss the comfort as soon as it had stopped, cause he moaned with a deep sleepy voice some unclear words of complaining.
But he was wrong.
Dean thinks, closing his eyes. He rests his head against the wall. It feels cool against his temple.
“Oh— Oh Dean, yes,” Castiel’s voice sinks to growl and he bucks as he comes, hands flying to dig hard into Dean’s hips, grounding him. Dean curses and laughs and follows him into orgasm.
. Like he’s waiting too. Dean doesn't know for what. If Cas is wondering where to go from here or what comes next, well, Dean doesn’t have answers for himself, let alone the both of them.
He explains to Cas how to apply shaving cream, monitoring from over his shoulder, then hands him the razor. It's a pretty crappy Bic one, but it'll get the job done. "Go with the grain," he advises. Cas looks perplexed, but leans in close to the mirror to give it a try. It goes okay for a few strokes, but then he hisses and a spot of red grows at the base of his cheek.
He hasn’t moved, the ghost. He’s standing in the exact spot he appeared, in front of the bay window. There’s a ray of evening sunlight piercing right through his right hip and Castiel can’t stop staring at the pool of light shining uninterrupted on the rug. He gets to his feet, finally, and takes a few steps toward the apparition.
“Both.”
Dean’s smile is sadder than Castiel expected. “Something like that.”
There's a big difference between the good, fun pain of a bite to a hypersensitive nipple or a quick smack on the ass and this. This is a step away from the soul-howling kind of pain Dean's already all too familiar with.
"I'm better," he blurts, "And you're back."
“I picked up on that, yeah.”
Cas grins.
— — — — —
As Castiel steps from the car and his black leather Cole Haans sink into the mud of Kansas soil for the first time, he is very conscious that nothing about him is typical here, and not only because he’s rumpled from twenty hours on the road.
He picks up the PBJ and tries to unstick the ziplock quietly. Meg swings the book he was reading her way and waits until he’s swallowed his first bite before checking in.
“It’s here.” Castiel darts a look over his shoulder and paces quickly out of the living room, pitching his voice low—ridiculous and paranoid but he can’t help it. “You were right. I’ve seen it. Sort of. I have evidence.”
Castiel plucks at the sheet now, self-conscious with honesty but knowing he needs to acknowledge the truth here, both to help him feel more certain of this new relationship with Dean and to mark the moment for himself. “It’s just— I haven’t been happy much in my life.”
He shuffles his shoulders, adjusts his posture. He takes a deep breath and—
A hundred loves, he thinks, taking one last look. He thinks of Cas's low laugh, of his smart fingers, his steady, solid presence at Dean's side.
"It doesn't matter what it is. You were deliberately wounding yourself." He finishes with the tape and shoves Dean away from the counter, away from the bloody scissors and sink.
It’s easy like this, easy to give, to respond. It’s so rare Dean allows anything to be easy. But moments like this, with Castiel, he does. It’s what Castiel has learned to give them both.
Dean nods. “Yeah, I know. Sorry.”
"It itches," Cas says irritably.
"You can't just start eating burgers and pizza again, Dean. Your body doesn't know what to do with that."
Cas ignores him, except to enunciate clearer. "If you are not having sex with Lisa, you should move out."
The frustrated groan that escapes his lungs escalates to a frustrated scream and he smacks his paint-wet hand down, hardwood be damned. Castiel counts to five, and then to ten. And then he lifts up his palm and looks at the red handprint left behind.
Dean knows it's been more than a while since he last ground up against somebody in a bathroom, but it's not like he forgot sex, and this is still better. Or maybe it's Cas—the sounds he makes, the way he feeds off Dean's kisses, responds to his touch, all totally unashamed and awesome.
The bed is too hot but the air is too chilled. His thoughts skip and repeat like a broken record. Memories of Angelus, mostly. Nothing in particular precipitated this—he hasn’t been contacted by anyone from back East and he’s continued to avoid financial news beyond tracking his own investments. But tonight his final projections of impending disaster are on loop in his head and the taste of bitter rejection is on the back of his tongue.
“And thank you. Apology accepted.”
It takes Castiel a moment to find his voice. In cosmic terms, yes, it was a mistake for Dean to deny a reaper. In personal terms, Castiel is selfishly glad Dean messed that one up.
Sam stops with a chuckle midway through his turn toward the stairs. “You know, Dean used to say that about everything. ‘We’ll figure it out.’ Drove me nuts, like he was ignoring realities. But maybe, maybe he just had hope.”
Dean’s lips quirk but his eyes are gentle. “I can tell.”
"Then why'd you come? Why bother being here? I mean, you've been so busy lately." It's unfair and Dean knows it. Even if he's mad at Cas for being MIA the past few months—which he is, he really is—he doesn't get to be mad at him for this. The fact that the situation is completely fucking hopeless isn't Cas's fault. But Dean's too angry to care. "Hate to bug you with our petty people problems," he digs.
And, okay, so that came out a little more dickish than Dean intended it to. Possibly way more.
“Of course. Dean, I—”
“This is not incredible,” Castiel pants, bending over a second to catch his breath. “This is my house. I need to live here.”
Dean stops with the towel and scowls at him. "Run that by me again."
on Instagram.
For now, tonight, Castiel needs to exhaust him, needs to lead Dean to rest, so he searches with his fingers instead, feeling for that tender opening. He dips one finger into Dean’s body as he guides his cock under, slicking down along Dean’s taint, nudging his sac. Dean growls out a
The list is already very long, items prioritized by necessity and size of project, down to the cosmetic. He doesn’t actually know how to do everything on it, but that first day—his only day—in town he’d met a man at the hardware store who was wary but helpful when Castiel asked for advice in purchasing a rudimentary tool set and located the public library, which he assumes will have resources for restoration projects. He has time to learn.
Castiel watches as Dean continues to minister to him. His face is set with concentration, brow creased. But there is another, richer expression Castiel understands in Dean's actions—contrition. As he bathes Castiel's underarms, his knees and calves, his feet, he performs an act of humility, of service, of honor. Castiel isn't worthy of Dean's honor, but because it is given, he feels it all the same.
— — — — —
It strikes Dean that Cas's eyes aren't bright anymore. They're dark now, dark like too-deep water. Dean doesn't know why that is, what it means—if anything—but it sends his heart to his throat.
He rolls his eyes and settles the phone back against his ear and his arms across his chest. “Well, yes, I recognize that now.”
He doesn't know why Cas is blaming himself. And he can't imagine what Cas could possibly have done to need his forgiveness, but he'd give it, and he'd help if he could. He twines his fingers with Cas's and tugs his hand until the angel inches his body even closer. "You can stop it, Cas. Whatever you did you can undo it. You can find a way, okay? Sam will help. Bobby too."
The bitch of it is, Cas isn't wrong. Dean had never thought about it like that, exactly—provide and protect—but that's what it is. What it always has been, since Sam was a kid. And it's all part of the same deal as saving people and hunting things and
Sam's silence says more than his voice when he finally speaks, and all he says is Dean's name—carefully, a gentle rebuke—and that speaks volumes on its own.
Cas's hands grip Dean by the ass, pulling him in to grind against, just once, quickly, before they move on working their way up his ribs. But it was enough for Dean to feel how hard Cas is again. He tilts his head, letting Cas suck at his neck, loving that soft mouth, and moves his hand over just a few inches, dragging the side of one finger up the curve of Cas's erection.
Dean nods firmly. "Okay. Okay, good." Except, he didn't plan beyond that last part. He hadn't been sure he'd even get Cas to stick around long enough to hear him out. So what he says next is as much a surprise to him as to Cas, probably. "Sam told me about your plan. Or, plans, I guess."
Dean's brain feels sloppy, soupy even. His movements are numbly uncoordinated from the marathon of hormones. Too much dopamine. He's sorta drunk on it. He can't see straight, let alone think straight. He doesn't remember why that's a problem, or if it's a problem. It seems like a thing that should be a problem.
Just as he’d predicted.
The glow is fiery, yellow as a lit match, and it’s creeping up his ankles, his calves.
“Never stopped loving you, brother,” Sam replies, and Dean grins.
"No," Cas answers, concentrating on carefully scraping a teaspoon of baking soda from the box and tapping it into the mixing bowl between them. "It's a simple question, Dean. Are you having sex with Lisa?"
When Dean opens his eyes again they're back in his room. He steadies himself in Cas's firm hold, and there's another one of those moments where two inches and right three words could make it a very different scene. But Cas backs away before Dean can find them.
He wets the washcloth, suds it with the soap, and leans forward again, palming it around the back of Cas's neck and rubbing at the ring of muck there until it's gone. He wets the cloth again, rinses the patch of clean skin, and moves on, water sluicing down Cas's shoulders, over his bruised back.
When Dean shrugs the light filtering into the room doesn’t flicker. He’s here but he’s also not. Castiel sees him—his hair is sandy blond, his henley is gray, his boots are black. He’s
Haunted. His house is haunted.
“Nice night,” says a voice from above him, and Castiel almost drops his beer. He opens his eyes to find Dean leaning against the railing to his left. He’s in the same henley and jeans but wearing his green shirt this time, sleeves rolled to the elbow.
"I don't know, Dean. Saturday?" Sam's bitchface is audible. "It was Saturday night. He showed up all mopey and weird. He said you weren't getting it. Or that you were getting it because you asked him to stay for dinner, but you weren't because you can't expect him to do the same thing forever, or something."
Maybe he is, maybe he isn't. They're just dreams.
Cas sags against his chest. His heartbeat's hammering. "More to feel, more of you. I want more of you."
“Thank you,” Castiel says, and this time it’s Dean who is caught off guard.
When they’d begun sharing Dean's bed, they didn't talk about it. Not after the first night, not after the first week, first month. And they didn’t talk about it after the first time Dean pushed his erection into Cas's thigh, a sleep reflex that quickly became deliberate rutting, both of them sighing greedily against each other's mouths until their lips caught and Dean rolled on top of Cas, held him down and humped until they both came, cocks straining, untouched. They still don't talk about it, except to say
"Dean."
“Welcome home,” Dean taunts, and Castiel’s lungs don’t have the air to reply. He backs away from the staircase as Sam rounds the corner to stand by his side.
Houses of the Holy
Dean frowns at his stack of crackers. "Of all the royally un-fucking fair things in our lives, this wins. Beats em all, you know that? Because I don't get why it's me. And why
"Cas says—"
Dean scrubs at his face with his not-come-covered hand, trying to figure out when the last time he passed out after sex was. He can't.
He does think he sees a way to compromise with Dean on furniture arrangement, though. After all, he doesn’t want to have to drag his furniture back into place every time he wants to watch television.
"We'll figure it out, Dean," Sam says, softer, like he didn't mean to read Dean's mind.
“Nothing. I told you, I’m fine. I’m beginning to believe I imagined it all.” Truly. The lack of activity now highlights just how much activity he’d been ignoring before. The house creaks less, no doors or cupboards are mysteriously open, the TV hasn’t turned itself on.
"Thanks,” he says. He wipes his dirty hand clean, and swipes the worst of the mess off his junk. “Sorry, I conked out."
"Maybe I can help," Cas says.
"I think I have a couple minutes."
"So, uh, you chill here for a sec while I go get some, 'kay? Great."
“That’s the one,” she nods. “The Campbell family built it like a hundred years ago. All kinds of tragic, local-legend backstories about that house. I thought the county was going to bulldoze the old place to keep the kids out but, hey, that’s great. I mean, spooky, but good for you.”
It’s too early for moonlight up here, but he can see the footlocker is still where he’d left it, photos and photo album adrift across the floor nearby.
dig. But Castiel finds it hard to answer. He’d spent so much time doing his own questioning his relationship with Dean—whether it was real, or too good to be true, or unhealthy. Or over. He decides to focus on the specifics of Sam’s question, like a well-coached witness for the defense.
At some point after that, a couple weeks or maybe a month later, Dean gets tired. Really fucking tired. But not the kind of tired that makes his eyelids sink shut. More like bone-deep tired. Too-much-work-to-lift-my-arms-right-now tired. He lets Sam drive.
Castiel looks at the keys in his hand then up at his new home. He tries to imagine it on a sunnier day, when the windows don’t look so dark and the porch is repainted. It’s a distant vision. For now they’re both the same, he and the house. Starting from the same place together—mostly empty and a little bit broken.
After all his years around blowhard brokers, Castiel knows cornered-and-clamming-up when he sees it. Confidence curls the corners of his mouth. “Yes, but you said yourself that you didn’t try to ‘scare me off.’ Why am I allowed to stay if others weren’t?”
"Okay, come on," he prompts, helping pull Cas to his feet. Cas wavers immediately. He grabs his head but  it's his knees that give out. "Whoa!" Dean catches him before he drops straight down.
Cas's knees almost give out, like he's ready to drop and do it right there. "Yes. Dean—"
He hears the whoosh as Sam flops back to his pillows, the lazy bastard. "Yeah, man. I mean, Lisa's great but it'll be good for you. Start living your own life, have your own space, and all that."
But Castiel gets impatient.
"You said I didn't have a choice 'bout this, and I didn't. But if I did, I'd choose you, okay? You chose me, a long time ago, but I chose you back." His brain skips through pain-addled memories—empty months without Cas, the way his world crumbled every time Cas's marbles skittered all over the floor, that whirlwind door out of Purgatory, the
Cas cuts off to take breath, forehead still smashed tight against Dean's.
They don't say anything for a while.
They keep going.
Dean doesn’t materialize the next day, or the one after, and Castiel carries on exactly as he’d intended.
"Yeah? Do tell." Dean feigns disinterest by pawing through the chicken pieces.
Dean realizes he's holding his breath but he can't get his lungs to work quite yet.
He sighs.
"Yeah. Shit. Yeah, I'm here, Cas," he jumps forward, offering his hands and arms for stability, "sorry." Castiel takes hold of one of his wrists, his other hand keeping a tight grasp on his towel. Dean steadies him with a hand on his shoulder. "Sorry," he says again when Castiel has both feet safely on the bathmat in front of him. "I was just— Sorry."
Castiel’s fingers grip into fists. “Hello?” he asks the empty room, throat hoarse.
"He did?" Dean pounces, like he's turned into a thirteen-year-old girl. He checks the enthusiasm by clearing his throat.
He does put away his groceries.
"BOBBY," Dean tries one more time. He can see the thing's creepy-ass glowy eyes now. Sam's been sideswiped by a bookshelf and Bobby's just standing there. Dean doesn't care that the damn incantation is working, he's not gonna let Bobby be some bloody sacrifice to a lame-ass demigod everybody forgot about.
They haven't seen each other in six months. Dean wasn't altogether sure it would be the same between them, if what they'd had before Cas's promotion would still be there. They'd never put a name on it, and Dean's not sure he could, or wants to, but he knows it's been too long and he cares more about all the reasons to be here more than the reasons not to be. That last battle had been an ugly night fight—like a barroom brawl after the lights had been shot out, Dean had heard somebody call it—and that was after months of night runs and ambush attacks up and down the Slot, from Bougainville to Guadalcanal and back again. But it was all worth it for the fleet R&R that's got them here together. Helps that the good guys won, he supposes.
He's not numb from the pain. It's the opposite. His every nerve is flayed. He may as well not have skin. And yet, the brush of a hand down his arm, lips against his neck, the firm press of Cas's body—glorious, all of it.
"Just answer."
They step forward as a group, trekking the remaining distance to the house in solidarity. Meg stops at the top of the porch stairs. Castiel wraps a finger through the screen door handle, and Sam clicks on the flashlight he brought with them, knowing first-hand Dean’s electricity tricks. Sam nods. Castiel holds his breath and opens the screen door. He’s not sure whether to pray the front door opens or not.
Oh, Dean.
“Ohhh, fuck.
Everything about Cas in that moment is passive compliance, as though he'd rather give way  to a whim than try to find one. "I trust you," is all he says.
He's giddy, so shoot him.
They move into the living room and Sam stops short when he sees the words on the wall—DON’T YOU DARE spelled out in jagged white gashes against the blood-red wall.
“Yes,” Castiel says at the same moment Meg says “No.” They shoot each other a look. Meg relents with a raise of her palm and settles back into the sofa with her cup and saucer.
It kind of never occurred to Dean how
He greets her with a nod and solemn hello. She shuffles the folders from one arm to the other and digs into her pocket to pull out a house key.
Cas shrugs. "Sorry. I won't."
“You tried to scare me out of my house!” Castiel bursts, throwing his arms wide. Unbelievable, this man. Ghost. Entity. Whatever. He glowers and grits his teeth.
Castiel leans forward to kiss the back Dean’s neck, running his middle finger the length of the firm crease of Dean’s ass. “Let me,” he whispers at Dean’s ear, voice caught low in his throat, “Let me. I want to, want you.”
Dean's balls beginning to pull tight, that building, burn of being so close. But no, it's too close. Way too close. He doesn't want to be done yet.
With a creak and slam, Dean climbs out of the Impala and slouches to lean against its door, surveying his new digs. All right, so it's not winning a prize from Martha Stewart anytime soon, but it's a roof over his head.
Dean hits the ground flat with a grunt, his legs giving out. He's still got Cas's arm clamped around his shoulders, but the angel is a near-dead weight along his side. Dean pushes away panic when it’s clear Cas is breathing.
He’s made a list. It’s the only thing he’s done beyond calling the heating service—a pretense of progress. Every day he’s been up at dawn, and every day he wanders his empty rooms, studying what’s there and what has to be done, tracing his fingers along dusty wood moldings and peeling off pieces of rotted wallpaper. He does this until dusk, until it’s too dark to catalogue cracks in the plaster and loose floor boards, and then he sleeps until dawn. It’s routine. It’s quiet. It’s what there is to do. It’s the only thing keeping him from slipping out of life entirely.
"He, um, left this for you." Sam steps back to grab the book he'd been holding when Dean woke up and tosses it into Dean's lap. It's a copy of the bible and there's a bookmark sticking out. "And he said he's coming back, when he can."
First there's a rustle of invisible wings and then there's Cas in his trench coat, leaning almost lazily against the countertop.
A hundred? He'll take a thousand more.
Humming along to The Who, he crouches down and fiddles with the OUIJA box until the lid sits properly, then stands, staring for a moment at the box in hands. It’s not returnable now, with the plastic off, and apparently it’s dangerous enough that it shouldn’t be sold as a toy anyway. He stuffs the game box on the top shelf of the closet beneath the stairs and decides not to think about it again.
Cas reaches for his hand.
Dean shifts, pulling Castiel's attention back to him. "Cas! Do it. Just do it."
"What about your arrangement with Lisa?" he asks over his shoulder.
Castiel nods once. "Yes, I'll be fine." He begins to push himself up from the water and Dean immediately spins away, turning his attention to the taps at the opposite end. The air is cool on Castiel's body, but not unpleasant.
It means the same thing anyway.
“Heya handsome,” she purrs after half a ring. “Long time no—”
“So, then what? How’d you end up here?”
"Bullshit," Dean counters.
But Dean suddenly knows that this—specifically this, this arrangement, this playing-house deal with the readymade extended family and twelve pounds of turkey leftovers in Tupperware—this is not what he wants.
Dean’s glowing.
"Yeah, yeah, I guess it has." He tosses the washcloth on the floor and scoots away from the patch of bed that's still hot with body heat. "Hey," he says, coming to a stop next to Cas.
Cas cocks his head. "What's the matter?"
He pushes away from the counter in a move of suave, strategic misdirection before Cas can answer his question.
Cas lifts his head and grins at him, big and goofy. "I know," he affirms. "I am too."
He half sees Cas wave a hand in the dark as he rolls up against Dean. "It's fine," he says, but doesn't fight the position change. In fact, he keeps going. He pushes Dean flat and slinks down to kiss the top of Dean's shoulder, his pec, and suck at a nipple—and how he knew to do that, Dean has no idea but, fuck. He writhes and lets out a moan, feeling Cas smile to himself before swirling his tongue again.
"I am going to rest now," he tells Dean without opening his eyes, or moving.
— — — — —
Castiel shuffles his checkbook back into his pocket. He’d like to be done now. It was a very long drive and he has yet to order a mattress and bedstead for delivery. “Unless that’s a problem?”
Awake in a way he hasn't felt for months. And he hasn't even opened his eyes yet.
A happy little smile bends up Cas's mouth. "Okay, I will."
Ache and need and ecstasy surge through Dean. He squeezes his eyes shut and anchors himself to that kiss, to the touch of Cas's mouth, to Cas's lips and tongue and love. The storm kicks up inside Dean as Cas coaxes his body on, slips a long finger of his other hand low and slides it over the hot, loose muscle it finds there. Dean convulses. He hears Cas shush and soothe, feels his hands pause to spread Dean open before returning to their work.
playlist on Spotify for a sample of the songs I used as inspiration for this story.
It could be anybody here, but Dean's glad it's not. Cas is good for him. Having him back is good for Dean. He needs Cas, not just in case of sex-curse emergencies, but just because he does. Dean was always confused and scared but kinda flattered by the fact that Cas followed him around, that Cas chose him—even if he didn't really, not at first. But then he did. He did, he chose Dean, and Dean loves that about him.
“House ghost,” Dean says, leaning in, mouth hovering close to Castiel’s. “Can’t get more domestic than that.”
Without a word, Cas shifts into place behind Dean and Dean lets himself be handled, lets Cas bracket him with his legs, wrap his arms around Dean's sides. He lets Cas's hands soothe him, lets one hand smooth up to press him back against Cas's chest and the other travel lower, blunt nails carding lightly through scruff before they find skin.
"Dean," he pleads. He's giving so much, Castiel is overcome, but he begs for more, repeating Dean's name. There's something else, just out of reach. That feeling he can't yet comprehend.
Dean nods, wincing through a wave of pain, even though he hasn't eaten for days. "I know, Sammy. But I don't think we have a choice."
Panic jolts him.
"Yeah, Cas?" he asks, lips grazing an ear. He tucks his fingers around Cas's sac, nestles the heel of his hand on the underside of his cock. Cas is statue still, spatula stationary in midair, like if he moves Dean might stop. So Dean begins to massage, slow and gentle. No sudden moves. He feels Cas grow hard against his wrist.
Dean doesn't see the point in arguing, either.
He dreams of being struck down, which happened, and of Dean being struck down, which didn't. One is more terrifying than the other.
“It’s . . . sporadic? Sometimes outlets work, sometimes they don’t. Sometimes the lights flicker.”
One thing Dean learned last night, Cas loves to be touched. Practically craves it. Begs for it. It's fucking awesome. He slides his left hand under the apron, trading places with his already warm right one. He traces his right hand up before forming a loose circle around Cas's firming cock. Dean's hard by now, too.
Assuming Castiel’s right, of course. But if he wasn’t right, Angelus wouldn’t have fired him. He wouldn’t be in Lawrence if he wasn’t right.
Dean feels the heat swell before he even open his eyes. It's morning.
"It's not angels," Dean manages.
but the Lord delivers him out of them all.
“You just described my nightmare.”
Dean makes an effort to suck down some chicken broth while it's still hot, because it's even grosser when it's cold. He wasn't kidding about wanting a cheeseburger instead. Sam’s told him he's anemic and that's why he's been craving red meat. He's probably right because, hell, at this point Dean would even kill for some spinach, Pop-Eye style. But eating anything other than wimpy shit like broth sends him to his knees in pain. It's like the purpose of this curse, or whatever, is to starve him to death. Slowly.
— — — — —
“No and yes. I grew up here, in this house, but I did a tour in ’Nam. Came back just before the States pulled out altogether. Been here ever since.”
“You’re welcome to.”
"Not good enough?"
Castiel only smiles. "It's been a long night."
“Ah, yes. That’s what we—I—wanted to speak to you about.” Castiel leans forward, elbows on knees and tea cup held gingerly in his fingertips. “When did you last live there?”
“Where’s the new place?”
Questions about Dean stream through Castiel’s brain like a news ticker across the bottom of a CNN broadcast. When did he die? How did he die? Did he die here, in the house? Is that why he stays? Or can he leave any time? What did he mean about protecting his property? What’s death like? Does everyone become a ghost? Surely not or the world would be overcrowded and with them and sightings wouldn’t be rare—right? So then what’s the afterlife? Dean appears to have the free will (can ghosts truly have free will?) to choose how and when to haunt, but Meg had told him about spirits or energies that are trapped repeating moments or behaviors. Why is Dean different?
Dean had looked away, his voice breaking. He couldn’t face the angel anymore. He couldn’t see his face, trying to convince him not to do what he was planning to do. What he
“I love you too Dean I…” There were so many things he wanted and needed to say… But he didn’t even have words, so much his emotions were strong and deep. So much his heartbeats couldn’t stop going faster. “I love you”
But before the angel could even move to try and do something, the door just newly opened, Dean’s gasps went stronger and deeper as he screamed with horror. “Cas!!!!”
- Oh, but you will. Right then, and right now. You can't do ANYTHING against me and you know that. Now
He shouted, so loud. He was desperately trying, but it didn’t reach anything, anyone. Because that last scream had been bluntly silenced. The angel was losing too much blood, and his body was jolting. It was already too late. And he didn’t know why, but suddenly, as his eyes closed, too heavy to handle staying open, everything around him slowly started to disappear. The shouting of the war, the blood everywhere, his friends, the monsters… Everything was gone.
Castiel was finally at peace. Right there, in Dean's arms, his heart burning of a whole new love he was ready to share. A whole new world he was ready to discover, from every side and every step. A whole new life that was waiting for him.
All his strengths suddenly left him, as he couldn’t handle anymore. He started crying, crying and sobbing, so much and so bad, his whole body trembling, shivering so hard and the pain so high that his body couldn’t carry him anymore. He completely fell apart, broken. But before falling on the ground, the Empty caught him, surrounding him with his arms. He was ready to take him.
And as Castiel was still smiling, finally happy and free, Dean was left alone, more broken and trapped than he ever was, bricks falling to the words, to watching Castiel go.
hope.
Cas’ heart stopped as worry filled his being, hearing a shuddered and hard breathing, unpeaceful and suffering, when movements were heard, fast and hurried. Then the door was finally open and Castiel could see the hunter struggling, sweating and turning himself again and again in bed.
That’s why I stopped you, in purgatory, when you said you needed to say something. I knew. And I couldn’t let you say it. I still had to protect you. To watch over you, like I always did, like I always will. But you guys don’t need me anymore. Chuck is gone, Amara too… There is no balance anymore, there is just simple life. And you have Jack. That kid is strong. You’ll be happy, the three of you.
But those were just thoughts, and Castiel’s suffering moans and shakes were showing the end of it. His end.
- This is the only way!
Months ago, when Jack died for the first time, I went to heaven to bring him back thanks to the spell, remember? That day, I wasn’t alone looking for Jack. The Empty was there. The Empty, it’s not just a place, it’s an Entity, stronger than everything. Even God can’t do anything about it. And it wanted Jack, because the kid is part angel too. But I couldn’t let it take him away, you know I never would. So I did what family do when they want to save the ones they love. I made a deal. I was ready for the Empty to take me right then, so the kid would live. But the Empty, it didn’t take me then. It will only do the day I will finally give myself the permission to be happy.
But then, when the other was still crying, the hunter moved slowly toward the broken angel, only to open wide his arms to close them around his body, gripping him tight against him. And Dean let down a tear while closing his eyes, gripping again with so many emotions Castiel's trench coat. His heart was falling apart, knowing it would be the last time that he would hold Cas, the last time he would be able to touch him, to feel him.
But Cas had seen Dean looking away when he told him to join him this morning. He had seen how, not a single time since then, the hunter had looked at him in the eyes.
“Because I was dead.” Cas finished the sentence with a thoughtful and calm voice, unsure and trying to really get what was happening. Sam nodded, and the angel seemed to wonder a minute, thinking. “But, I’ve died before, it’s not-”
- You know it’s not Dean. We can find another way, there
It was something, to see the hunter so peaceful and safe right now, when a minute ago he was sweating and trembling, haunted by the horrors of what life can get you through. Castiel may not be able to have nightmares, thanks being an angel for that, but he did remember how terrifying they were. He did remember the terrors haunting him every night for the short period of time he was human. Nightmares are a way for human minds to torture our own self when we’re unable to fight back. They strike when we’re the most defenseless. They’re unstoppable.
Cas, on the other hand, couldn’t. “Is Dean okay?”
“He got you back, Cas”
But the fear had entirely reached Dean’s body, and even if Castiel was trying to reason with him, he couldn’t. He couldn’t let that happen.
I’m asking you to stop. Don’t go anywhere looking for me. I need you to. Do never look for me. It would be useless Dean, don’t find me. I don’t want to be found. I left. This morning, while you were still asleep. I came to say goodbye to you. You didn’t hear me, but I was there.
to do something, he couldn’t just let them all die, let
And please, don’t blame the kid for not telling you. He did everything he could to stop it, and to convince me after that, said we would find a solution, like we always do. But it’s the Empty. And like I said, even God, even Jack can’t stop it. So we can’t fix this.
So Castiel kept looking from afar, too. He never expected anything from Dean. He didn’t know if Dean would ever be ready one day, if he would ever take that step. He knew it was too hard. And he respected that. He could see Dean struggling to talk about what he feels, to show it, and to accept it. It was why Castiel never did anything or say anything either. Cause even though he knew what he wanted, that he knew he could never have Dean like that... Loving him, and being loved by him, was enough. It would always be enough.
So Sam had taken him carefully to his bed, to silently come back to Castiel after that. And there was he, now, trying to find the right words on how to tell the angel how he meant to Dean.
die… He had to save him. To save them. Or at least he could try. If only he could try…
I need you to find happiness without me. Maybe in months, maybe in years… But you have to. And I hope, that, when you’re looking back years from now, you’ll be able to just smile, be happy and in peace with everything that happened, all our memories. That you won’t regret a thing, like I don't either. I hope you’ll find a way. You’re strong, Dean, you’re the strongest person I’ve ever known. You can do this.
But it happened. It affected Castiel. It changed him. Made him… lose himself. Go crazy. It wasn’t the same effects as with the mark of Cain, but the excess of powers he got… Was consuming him on the inside. It was too powerful, too strong. It couldn’t stop. And Castiel couldn’t control it.
“Oh, darling… your heart beats were way too fast and your happiness way to high, when you weren’t even in his arms... Or should I say… mine.” Dean, or the Empty, started sniggering again, with every single little sound, sending a knife into the angel’s hear and making his body shiver. “Come on, you really thought I would let you live that happiness? Even for a second? Oh, dear… So pathetic.”
“I can’t live without you.”
He wasn’t supposed to be dying.
body… “No no no no no you can’t take me now!!! Not now please just- Even one minute I-
... Dean still couldn’t change anything, do anything or say anything about what he felt. Damn, that he felt, so much. But he couldn’t. He was still too scared of his own feelings to do anything. And so he was trapped again, unable to act on his love, while he felt, stronger than ever. While now he knew and knew. And he was screaming inside, knowing finally what he felt. But something was still pushing it all deep, letting the fear and trauma win. And so he kept hopping Castiel would know, that he would know without Dean ever having to say or do anything to him. He kept trying to show him his love, in his eyes, his touches, his actions, his words.
to be another way!!
“This can’t happen!!!!” His voice lost itself in a painful scream.
“I need you…”
to find something. He
You should've noticed that I wasn't in the bunker when you woke up. I know this, and probably right now I would’ve heard your words that you just sent to reach me out. And you must’ve suddenly find that letter, carefully placed on the Impala. Because if there one place where I knew you would obviously look to, it’s there. Of course you want to find me, Dean. I know you. You don’t let family behind. Especially when we all are finally free, don’t you? But I got to ask you something that you won’t understand first. You’ll think that it’s not going to be happening, but you’ll understand through that letter that it’s the only way.
The angel was panicking, starting to tremble. This was a nightmare, this couldn’t happen. He was losing so much blood… He didn’t even know how was it possible. He was fighting and then, within a second, he was bleeding out. But it didn’t make any sense… He couldn’t believe it.
Feeling Dean’s arms, Dean’s touch… The angel knew it wasn’t him, but feeling his body so close to him in that situation, feeling his arms surrounding him, his head grazing his… Feeling his breath caressing his neck… Was only increasing his pain like he never thought it ever could.
And Dean started crying, really crying. He had done it. How did he... He...
But nothing was alright anymore.
Softly, like a promise, he approached his hand to Dean’s hair to run his fingers between them, slowly tracing small circles to it. “I’m here Dean, I’m here. I’m alive. It’s okay.”
And you know what that means.
“Why did I trust you… WHY DID I TRUST YOU!!!”
“I didn’t.” Then again, Dean escaped the angel’s look to stare at that stupid box. Because Castiel was right. He was only right. But Dean couldn't accept that either. “You know I have to do it.
if Sam didn’t take you out?
“I know, Dean will probably never say this to you, but… He’s lost, Cas. He’s lost without you.” Seeing a light burning into the angel’s eyes, Sam’s lips turned into a tiny gentle smile, and he continued. “If you’d seen him, he was… He was trying to hide the pain, but I knew him. He wasn’t himself. Drunk, angry, aiming at the world, at everyone, and suffering. And I could see it, having nightmares the only times he was barely sleeping, I could hear it, I know it haunted him-”
It had been just a couple of hours since they had got him back, and Dean hadn’t let his graze leave the angel for even a second. On the way home, Castiel had been shotgun. Dean had asked him to, after some pour excuse of celebrating his return, which had somehow made the situation even worse, coming from the fact that Dean had nearly crashed the car a number of times Sam couldn’t even imagine tonight. It had made Castiel laugh, though. And Dean had just stared at him even more, wide smile stuck on his lips.
He had watched Castiel go a thousand times, more than he could ever admit, but yet this time, everything was different.
Maybe it was. But maybe he
But before that… he just wanted the angel to know he was here. That he wasn't alone. That he would never be. That he would keep fighting for him till the end. That he would never let him down. And especially…
And Sam thought about the look on Dean’s eyes when he had received Cas’ call, when he saw him, when he hugged him. He thought about how at that moment, his brother had found life and hope again. How suddenly he was
But the long silence that came right after was revealing the truth. The truth that shooked Castiel’s whole body. The truth that ripped his heart apart. Just like it did to Dean’s when he heard the angel’s broken voice.
Sam joined him, sitting in front of him, taking a deep breath, looking at him in the eyes, hoping Castiel would see the truth inside. No, Dean wasn’t fine. He hasn’t been for weeks. He hasn’t been since the devil put a blade into the angel’s heart, cutting out the hunter’s will to live in the process. Sam could see it, Dean drunk and lost in his pain, anger taking control of him in a way nothing ever did. This time had been different, from all the times he had been lost, all the times they had lost Cas… Sam had never seen him like that.
As an angel, he could feel many things humans couldn’t. He could feel longing, and all the strongest of emotions. It didn’t take long for him to sense Dean's feelings. To know what Dean didn’t even know himself at the time. He could feel, then, Dean wanting, but holding back tighter every day. And he knew. Dean, who loved him, but never said anything. Dean, who wasn’t ready yet. Castiel could feel it, when they were together, his heart beating in fear and hurt as well of love, the fear fighting too hard to win inside his mind that needed to heal. He could feel it for years. And he could still feel it now. Even though his powers were fading and he couldn’t sense those things anymore, he could see it, looking through his eyes. He could see Dean still trying to show that love through his eyes when he couldn’t in his words. Castiel could always see the love in those eyes, that undying love that never left, even through the hardest times. Even when it hurt too much.
He knew he wasn’t ready. Maybe he never would be ready, to say the things he feels, or act on those feelings. Too many walls were built, too hard to put down. Cause even if some bricks were off with time, even when he could see the other side through them, the walls were still standing, looking bigger and more insurmountable than ever. He wanted, he wanted so much. To cross that line, to climb up there and never turn back. But the walls were too high for him to reach the top, too thick for him to break it down. And so he was even more trapped, looking through the brick wholes to have a glimpse of hurt of what he could have. To see that Castiel was right here, but not being able to cross, to reach out. So the walls were still standing.
It was knowingly walking through hell eveyday
to feel him. Be close to him. He needed to feel that love and to express those emotions.
After everything that happened, after all those years… After everything they had been through. They had saved each other. From the beginning, there were meant to it. They always have been. Dean was the one who made Castiel out of heaven’s control, to be able to think by himself, make his own choices. He had made him discover life, humanity, emotions, feelings… especially feelings.
Finally happy.
So they had spent the whole night together, all four of them, learning but already getting used to how to be a family.
“Cas please… don’t leave, don’t leave me…”
Because Castiel had left his arms to surround Dean's body too, nestling his head against the hunter's shoulder, letting down even more tears, while he was letting out every emotion, and every feeling he had for him. He loved him. He loved him so much... more than anyone, more than anything. There were no words to describe how much the hunter meant to him. It was him. From the beginning.
Castiel.
Castiel only smiled fondly at it, melting under Dean’s tenderness.
- Oh like you didn’t get hurt last time? Like you wouldn’t be
“Dean-
The hunter had closed his eyes, his face drowned of tears, praying for Cas to hear him. To know. His angel needed to know it. But Dean was hiding his face against Castiel’s, feeling his breath slowing down against his skin. And he didn't realize.
But there was still too much way to go, too many bricks to take off to be able to cross. He couldn’t take them all off at once. He tried, he was trying so hard. But all he could do was look at Castiel with trembling eyes, frozen bones and a silent mouth. All he could do was watch, as the angel finally said the words, those three words that were always there, unspoken for so long. The love Dean felt at that instant was more powerful and overwhelming than it ever did, as the door opened loudly, breaking the atmosphere of that trapped silence meeting a soft angel voice. As the empty arrived.
“It’s been weeks, Cas. Weeks he hadn’t slept more than two hours, if not at all. He lied about it every day, but I could see it. I know him.” Sam breathed out, trying to find the right words. “He was all but fine.”
So Castiel’s fingers began to trace circles back into Dean’s hair, slowly admiring the soft expression of Dean’s sleepy face, listening to his calmed breath, again and again, watching the hunter’s abdomen rise and fall at its own rhythm, feeling all tense leave them both.
. I never gave up on you, I never turned my back on you, I never stopped searching and searching and moving heaven and earth to save you!! Not a single time. Especially when there was no hope left for us.
“I’ll always be with you Dean." Castiel murmured against his skin. "Today, tomorrow, and for the rest of our lives.” He doesn’t even remember if he said those words out loud, if he whispered them or if his grace spoke for him, warming them both, but he knew Dean had felt it. He knew they were safe. He knew they were okay. “I’m not leaving you.”
Sam and Dean had to watch the angel’s condition get worse and always worse, watching him being more powerful, more dangerous every day. They had searched, for months, for more than a year for a cure, a solution. Like they had found one to save Dean from the mark of Cain. But there wasn’t anything.
Letting Dean without any explanation, anything.
Then you came around.
“Please…” Castiel was now crying, whispering in a broken prayer. “You can’t take me now… They need me, I can’t leave them I can’t, I can’t leave
find a solution!!
So that was it? The end?
And as he was getting stronger and stronger, Dean just continued to say it, as his whispers slowly broke apart.
“CAS!!!!” Dean was painfully and hopelessly screaming, and the angel couldn’t help but try, to just try one last time, to keep fighting, to tell him, to show him he could hear, that he was still here with him.
The way the hunter’s voice suddenly broke apart while getting higher shook the angel with all the pain, all the emotions they were sharing.
He was screaming, shouting, letting out all his anger, all his pain. And he was hoping deep down that maybe the Empty would understand. But nothing happened. He was still bleeding in the middle of the loud and violent fight.
And while his body was still shivering, tears running and running above his cheeks, the dark shape came to surround him.
“You gave up…”
“Dean please, we can’t lose hope… We didn’t lose hope for you years ago, we found a solution... We
He had
He had made him free.
Was he delusional? Were those hopeless screams shouting at him again and again and getting more and more close and painful, fake? Were those harm arms suddenly surrounding him, gripping him tight and keeping him warm, and that broken voice - whispering the same words again and again as Castiel could feel tears falling on him - just a figment of his imagination?
I understand humanity now. I understand those feelings, those emotions… I know hope, I know regret, happiness, sadness, despair… And I know love. I understand now, that feeling every time I look at you. It took me a long time to figure it out, because it’s something purely and way too human, but I know this is it.
Dean’s voice got so cold again. And Castiel was so hurt, his pain was so high that it was even now hard to stand. When he had thought he was done, that he had gone through all the pain… His whole body suddenly broke even more and hurt even deeper. And Dean’s body standing so close to him was only increasing his pain and making his whole body shivering even more.
But it wasn't done yet. And with a strength he didn't even know he had, Dean started to recover that hole, mechanically, sorely, as there were no tears left to cry. No emotion. Nothing. He was just throwing the dirt with that only one shovel, slowly, strongly, as he could still hear Castiel's begging screams that had started again. The angel was shouting loud, repeating the same words, the same cold, broken words. Except that it sounded different now. More hopeless. More suffering.
He was on the floor, one last brick falling as he watched the empty space and the overwhelming silence, while tears couldn’t stop falling, too.
But when Castiel had been brought back, back to life, back to him, back
“No no no no no Cas please, please you can’t, not like that not now please, please open your eyes alright…” The hunter was now holding the angel tight against him, one hand resting on the angel’s cheek. “Cas hold on, it’s gonna be okay, it’s gonna be fine, alright, I’m gonna get you out of here I promise…”
The smile on Castiel’s face faded away in a second as his heart stopped. The arms surrounding him were suddenly cold, and he could now hear Dean laugh. But it wasn’t that harmonious and sweet sound that he used to love to hear. It was malicious. Evil. And the angel didn’t understand.
that loving him was neither beautiful nor poetic;
“I should-” Cas said, raising a hand to innocently point at the hallways, and Sam nodded, remaining silent, still smiling.
Dean couldn’t take his eyes off him, too shaken and terrified that if he looked away, just a single second away, that it would all disappear. That Castiel would be gone for good. He couldn’t stop looking at him, and he couldn’t speak, either. Though his heart was screaming, crying
The burn across his stomach doesn't go away, but it heals enough that he can roll onto his side and get up if he has to take a piss. If he tries much more than that he feels like he's gonna fall over. Sam brings him food, but Dean doesn't see the point. He also doesn't see a point in watching TV or having long conversations about his feelings, so being awake in general seems pretty useless. And just
“Nothing that seems to apply. I want to help Dean move on, not”—he leans forward to consult a nineteenth-century tome he’d pushed away an hour ago—“‘eradicate the wayward spirit by dispatching its unclaimed soul to Hell.’”
— — — — —
’s are cheap and wouldn’t unknot his stomach anyway.
"Yes!" Dean hisses again, but his heart freezes for a second and he shakes his head before he thinks about that too hard. "I mean, no. No, you're not a secret. You're just . . . hard to explain." He ducks a look around the corner to see if Lisa or Ben has noticed him talking to himself yet. So far they're still watching TV. "Look, just come back later, okay? Sometime when nobody's around, or something."
Cas wasn't supposed to— He didn't need to—
“We didn’t. We’re not actually writing about the house.” Meg takes an unconcerned sip of tea.
"I'm hurting you?"
He fills the bathtub, cranking open the hot-water valve the whole way and squirting in whatever shower gel stuff is on the rack. He digs out a washcloth and a towel and grabs the sweatpants and t-shirt he found earlier, piling them on the back of the toilet tank for later. He checks the water level in the tub, turns on the cold a little to counter the scalding hot, then shuts off both taps and goes to collect Cas.
Knows that when he crooks his finger like
He continues along the hall created by the stairwell wall, toward a door that leads into the kitchen. “Cast-iron sink in there, too!” Ava calls and, yes, Castiel sees it, a large farmhouse sink with two deep wells.
“You don’t miss them? Your brothers?” Dean’s demeanor shifts as he asks. It’s that thing he does where he feigns a lightheartedness over a deeper, likely darker, unspoken thought. There’s a joke in there about ghosts and transparency Castiel doesn’t quite have the wit to formulate.
He doesn’t tell Meg. It’s a decision made out of pride, perhaps, but also persistent skepticism. Once the sun is up and burning its arc through that endless blue Kansas sky from one side of the house to the other, it’s hard to remember what happened that night, let alone believe there could be a spirit lingering in the house’s shadows. So Castiel carries on, fixing, improving, tweaking. He finishes scraping off the wallpaper layers from the dining room and—fingers wrinkled and drenched to his elbows from hours of spongeing warm water on the walls to loosen the glue—vows to never, ever add another.
“I’m the librarian and I’m making an exception.” She sets a water bottle on the table too.
Castiel glances at the rearview mirror to check on Meg. They’re three hours into their second four-hour drive of the day, and they’d gotten up early to meet Sam by midmorning. She’s laying in the backseat and using her leather jacket as a pillow, asleep.
He strokes and kisses in counterpoint a few more times, then lifts his mouth away and straightens up. Castiel coaxes Dean up onto all fours again, hand under his chest, erection teasing against Dean’s ass through his boxers. “Come on, come up,” he whispers, voice grating in his throat. “Feel that?” he adds, lightly rubbing his hard dick against Dean.
He swipes his own brush in a feint at Dean’s middle. Dean sucks in his stomach but his t-shirt doesn’t make it out unscathed. “’Tis but scratch!” Dean shouts and tugs his shirt up and over his with ease, until it reaches his wrist and the paint brush.
He looks at Dean through his eyelashes, surprised to find his expression intense. For a split second Castiel is concerned he overshared, but then Dean blurts, “Fucking Christ I want to kiss you,” and Castiel laughs.
The kitchen's a mess. On the stove are burnt pancakes, rumpled pancakes, and smears of pancake batter from failed attempts to flip pancakes. There's a box of Bisquick and some egg shells, a carton of milk, bottle of syrup, and a can of whipped cream on the counter.
"Show's back on!" Ben shouts from the living room.
"Um—"
Dean ducks his chin to his shoulder and coughs back the start of a sudden lump in his throat. When he looks back, Cas is all eyes again. Big, soft, stupid blue angel eyes.
“Oh my God,” he whispers. “It’s exactly as I remember it. Better, even. Cas, you did so much.”
"I'm sorry, Cas. You know that, right?"
"Want
"Hello, Dean."
"What? No, hey, I'm good. Totally good." He hears Sam drop his phone and curse. He rolls his eyes as he waits for him to get back on the line. "So, what did he say about me?"
But he hears what isn't being said.
So it’s easier to decide that Dean is real but their night together wasn’t. Because he can’t be angry about something that hadn’t happened.
In the kitchen, Dean doesn't bother with lights. He plates up two slices of the sweet blueberry pie he'd bought earlier—he'd cut back on the baking recently—in the grey dark. He takes a bite of one and turns to the fridge to get the ice cream.
"I'm awake," Dean nods, sitting up slowly. He still has all his bumps and bruises, plus the burn, which itches like a mofo all the sudden.
Castiel isn’t aware he’d said the words aloud until he sees Dean’s face pinch defensively. He closes his eyes against tears and the shattered beat of his heart and searches for the words to let Dean know he’s feeling for him, not judging him. “You’re remarkable.”
He stretches himself fully upright, forcing his body down as Dean levers his up. He arches back, feeling Dean press that spot inside him, and his erection pulses in Dean's grip. And suddenly, there—
The ghost. Relaxes.
Dean puts up with the small talk thing for all of thirty seconds before he asks if Sam has heard from Cas. It's not that he wants to talk about it. It's that he's worried.
It works.
Castiel smiles a little. Apparently Dean has as many questions about Castiel as Castiel has about Dean. “Yes, I did. It . . . didn’t end well.”
Thirty-six hours ago he was a senior risk management analyst at Angelus, one of the largest investment banking firms in the country. He should be wary that this farmhouse and the not-insignificant parcel of land it sits on are selling at a cost below even the average value for the rural Midwest. It’s not a bargain, it’s a steal and Castiel should want to know why; should examine the wiring and plumbing and potential for termites. He should research the previous owners, he should ask questions about the costs of heating in the winter. But asking questions and examining data and weighing consequences—that’s not his job anymore.
Sometimes Castiel thinks it’s alive, the house. Or coming back to life, maybe. It will if he does it right.
Castiel smiles against Dean’s skin. As an angel he’d put Dean together, healed his wounds with a touch, made him whole. Now, as a man, he takes him apart.
Dean's swallows past that lump in his throat again. "All right, fine. Have it your way,"  he sighs, rolling this eyes, but his chest feels tight with secret satisfaction. And as he shoves at the pillow beneath his head, he thinks he catches a fond half smile from Cas.
"Yeah," Dean says firmly. "It was."
“The ‘vibe’ is office casual. It’s not anything out of the ordinary. In fact, it might even be painfully ordinary. I met the staff accountants and regional managers, and a young woman from tech support helped me set up my computer and voicemail. We all smiled a lot at each other but I’m not sure I remember anyone’s name. I have no idea where the snack machine is, though there is a lunch room on the second floor, so possibly in there.”
— — — — —
“Anything in the archives?” While Castiel has been consulting indexes and skimming chapters, Meg’s been consulting the library’s databases.
suffer." He adds a dramatic hand motion there with his name, like its in lights on a cosmic billboard somewhere. "Unless it's just for some kind of sick joke," he amends. "In which case, I want to kill the bastard who did this myself. Maybe stab
For as many times as they've come this close in his dreams, they haven't actually done this before, Dean realizes. Somehow it jacks up how hot it is that Cas says his name like that.
that doubles as a plea for more and Castiel obliges, adding a second finger. He drops kisses over Dean’s back, hot promises sealed into skin. He sucks at a vertebra, bites the meat of his shoulder, all the while working his fingers in and out, in and around.
Sam shrugs, turns down the corners of his mouth like it's no big deal as he swings the passenger side door open. "I had a day off."
"Next week." Cas's hand makes it to Dean's hip. "You?"
“Alright, look. I’m an asshole,” Dean says when Castiel arrives home from work the next day.
"I thought you would be angry with me." Cas's hands are caught at Dean's belt, eyes stuck at his chest.
It does, yes, but the tingling waves of pleasure coursing through Castiel are not, he's certain, related to cleanliness.
"I'm serious."
sorry for? Did you mean it?"
“This is Dean.” It isn’t a question but Castiel nods. “It’s the last thing he said to me.” Sam’s voice quavers, and Castiel can feel the pain of Sam’s memory as acutely as he does his own. He puts a comforting hand on Sam’s shoulder before turning away.
Dean realizes a minute too late that he's standing in front of Cas, hands hovering at his bare hips. He just . . . forgot to move. But he does now, gesturing to the tub and once again ducking his head to give Cas a scrap of privacy as he lowers himself into the water.
This makes Dean smirk. “Oh?”
He picks up his pace to make it back to the business district and tries not to think about the people around him on the street, blissfully going about their business with no idea what’s about to happen.
It's gone, too.
Hard evidence—or at least reasonable doubt—shows up sooner than Castiel ever would’ve expected.
“Hey, I haven’t messed with the electricity in a while. Because if I had, you’d find your missing shit.”
That’s a sports commentator (the Royals won)—
“I’m Dean Winchester. You’re in my house.”
But Dean interrupts him with a kiss because he already knows. He has a choice to make. He can shove his hand down Cas's pants now and bring him off spectacularly hard for the first time right here, or he can take a giant step back and stop this before it goes so far Dean can never take it back.
He knows Meg would believe him if he told her about Dean. She’d revel in being right, in fact. But the whole truth of a denim-clad, dead young man standing in his living room was somehow too much to want to explain. Castiel wants to know more before he tries.
— — — — —
Dean’s arms give out. Castiel feels the collapse as Dean sinks to his elbows, his chest planted flat to the bed. It’s Dean lying prostrate, but Castiel is the one at worship. Dean is his example, his protector and his peace. Cas is generous in his unspoken thanks and praise.
Cas catches his eyes in the mirror. "It's fine, Dean. Thank you."
Dean shrugs. "Yeah, pretty much. I mean, there's still some stuff left for the living room, but—" Cas takes the screwdriver from Dean's hand, setting it on the table with the other tools, crumpled burger wrappers, and empties, then steps in close to Dean. His gaze catches on Dean's lips for a second before his eyes make it up to Dean's, and that giddy feeling in Dean kicks up a notch, or ten. "Yeah," Dean croaks, throat tight. "We're done."
