“He was here thirty seconds ago.” Tony waves his hands confused. The couch cushions are lifted from the couch, and the closet door is wide open. “He asked for another cookie, I came back and he was gone.”
“Something wrong?” Steve asks, setting his sketchbook aside.
“No.” Tony whispers, apparently loud enough for the microphone to register it.
“He’s still mad at Sharon for accidentally ordering eight-hundred limes.”
Somehow your head has found its way to resting on Steve’s shoulder by the time you wake up. You’re jostled awake as he stands. You’re about to ask what’s going on when you feel it for yourself. The ground is shaking. You stand quickly pulling the backpack over your shoulders.
“You okay?”
“Well, what do you want me to do about it? Ignore everyone?” You ask, accidentally ignoring Steve’s question.
“Sir, you’ve got an incoming call. Shall I forward it to voicemail?”
A purple frayed wire hanging loose and exposed, tangled with the others. He had to begin moving the others out of the way to see where it was supposed to connect to. Once locating the other half, he grabbed his tweezers, working quickly to strip the wire, cutting the frayed end, and wrapping them back together and using electrical tape to cover it.
When you reached the Valkyrie’s ship Stephen had begun to give you instructions. What to tell each and every person, what some weren’t allowed to know, and things others were.
“And big.”
“Wait all of them?” Rocket asks, visibly shocked.
From across the room, he could already see the dent in the counter, and he was more than thoroughly confused. Steve and Bucky both froze as he stepped closer. Both not daring to say a word as they waited for Tony to react.
“Why don’t they know?”
“Okay. I’m not freaking out.” You take another breath. “I’m not freaking out.” You turn to the counter and realize there’s no clerk. “Oh god. Where’s the-?”
Emotions gone as well. Somehow, she felt empty, yet infinitely full all in the same moment.
“We’ve been friends for over more than half our lives.”
“Leave, find someone else, someone better.”
You clutch the stones in your hand, and the form together once again, a single sphere, and you tiptoe to the door, pulling it open barely an inch. You see Peter smiling up at Tony’s who’s mid-laugh. Just behind him Bucky and Steve stand, talking to Natasha and Bruce. Thor’s standing over by the vending machine, talking to the Peter from space with Drax, Gamora, Rocket, Mantis, Loki, and the Valkyrie. You know that T’Challa left soon after he met with you, not wanting to be away from his home or sister for longer than necessary. Stephen’s probably still in the hospital, just out of sight somewhere. You smile, stepping back, closing the door silently. It was worth it. That mental image of everyone together happy and alive, that would fuel you for the rest of eternity. Remembering everyone turning to dust would motivate you to never regret this. To know and have seen what comes of the Infinity Stones misuse.
So the slamming was unusual. When he heard the hard stomps towards his room, he recognizes it as Bucky’s stride. Even fast passed as he is, the way he walks is recognizable. Even at a distance.
“Yeah, just- something I’m going to have to deal with from now on. What’s wrong with him?” You point to Tony.
Playboy, arrogant, drug addict, alcoholic.
Bucky is no stranger to Steve’s drawing talents. It was something he’d picked up as a child. Considering he could never go outside and play, nor did he have friends. He needed something to do to pass the time. Something other than taking his medicine and homework his mother drew up for him.
“Okay.” You whisper. “I will.”
“I found my soulmates.” he whispers to himself.  Sliding his hands over them.  He takes a few deep breaths as his heartbeat increases. He's met his soulmates, and they want to come back. They want to introduce formally and who knows what else.
Steve would always ask how long he’d have to wait for his soulmate up there, and everyone always gave the same answer.
Bucky: Oh there's a rule that says not to show your rules to anyone who doesn't already know them
Shit.
She looks around the field. “Who’s left?”
How to ask though is the question. Could he just text Bucky and ask him? Would that be rude? It feels rude. Tony’s not sure about boundaries really, aside from the obvious things, and his own of course. The only problem is Tony’s boundaries all fall away when he’s intrigued or excited about something, especially something like this.
Steve turns around, surprised as if he thought Tony wouldn’t want to give him one. But he doesn’t say anything before stepping over and hugging Tony so gently he’s not sure it counts as a hug. He pulls away after about three seconds, and Tony’s confused at the major differences in hugs the two give.
“Everyone who faded, they’re all alive. Stuck somewhere. Y/n can hear them, can speak to them.”
Also I know everything on Titan is dead... but... i need them for the next chapter so... i made them up
He looks up at himself in the mirror. He doesn’t do that anymore. Look at his reflection. It’s partly because he doesn’t want to see what he’s become. What he’s lost. He’s pale, and the bags under his eyes are dark. Just looking at his face you can tell he’s lost a lot of weight. He hates it.
He felt the skin give under his short nails, he was quick and warm blood grazed his fingertips, a short pained yell reached his ears then his wrist was snatched with a force that didn’t seem human. Tony was yelling out now. It happened quickly. Lasted for a second, maybe two. His skin tightened and pinched under the pressure, then the bones inside his wrist began to give and snap. Just as the pain burned hot and radiated, the pressure released and his wrist freed.
He flinches hard when a soft knock comes on the door right in front of him, He takes a deep breath, and opens the door.
Right on cue the microwave dings. Popcorn in hand, they all got to the living room. The obvious seat choice would be the couch, as the loveseat is too small for the three of them, and the simple desk chair would be much to isolating for one trying to socialize like a normal person and get to know their soulmates.
Steve stands there a few minutes wondering what exactly he’s supposed to say to Tony. Just send him a text out of nowhere about a date when he just was very not okay on the phone with Bucky for three hours. He lets out a deep breath and grabs his phone, carefully typing out a message to Tony and sending it.
“No.” Bucky shook his head, looking down at his arm, expression wild… “I- it felt warm.”
“That means this weapon is the only thing I’ve seen or known to hurt him. If this is the case, then this is something he will be on the lookout for. You must think before you act. His first move may be to separate you from your ax.”
His eyes land to you and watches in amazement as your skin glows. Never before has he heard or seen someone else wield more than one stone, and you don’t even have a gauntlet.
“I wouldn’t know how to begin.”
“Do you-” Bucky begins after most of the tools have been set aside, shirt slid back on in silence. “Do you not like touching?” He’s met people, who aren’t interested in sex at all. He couldn’t remember what they called it, but he knows it exists.
“I’m not sure, it’s random, but it only ever happens after I’ve been movin’ the arm a lot.”
That scares him. Two people who might want to be in his life.  This life he's carved out for himself perfectly only fitting for one so that he could be alone. Because alone is safer.
“One in the morning, Sir.”
The first thing he does when he gets to the bathroom after shutting and locking his door is to pull down the collar of his shirt roughly and look at his chest. A breath of relief escaping his lips, no open wound, no blood. Everything as it should be.
“I want to meet them.” You nod.
“It’s part of getting the new team some recognition, and easing bad feelings and press.”
The front door slamming hours later, however, does not put him at ease. His head shoots up on instinct, even if his eyes are closed he’s very alert. Bucky doesn’t normally slam the door, ever, because he knows how sensitive Steve’s hearing is. So he has to listen out and make sure they aren’t getting robbed- again. He stopped it the first time easily, and it hasn’t happened again. In fact, the entire building was a lot safer ever since Steve and Bucky moved in. Everyone’s been tiptoeing around on their floor since Bucky cursed out the neighbors down the hall when they decided to play music loudly at three a.m. Apparently, everyone had heard and got the message to keep it quiet when the sun went down.
“Really? Did you threaten him with bodily harm? He was such an ass yesterday.”
Tony looks down at his phone unable to find words to type. Does he agree, go to the gym and what? Talk? Pretend to be physically fit enough to exercise and not risk hurting his weak body?
You sigh, “Okay, yeah, I can do it. How will I know?”
Bucky sighs heavily over the phone. “I’m sorry for calling out of nowhere, I didn’t even know if you were up… I just had a weird feeling.”
Bucky nods, pulling his shirt from the collar right over his head in a single smooth motion, not a hesitant trace in the movement. Tony can’t imagine getting naked in front of someone right now, he couldn’t begin to think of doing it with that much ease.
“I know.” She says softly, trying to collect her words. “I’m sorry to say, nothing has changed. Tony isn’t back, and he isn’t interested in anyone knowing where he is. Myself and Rhody included.”
“You don’t have to worry Tony, I’m not about to gossip to anyone that you were here. I understand why you might want to keep out of the public eye. I’ve heard all about how you disappeared from the world a few months ago. From the way Steve put it, there’s more to it than the news is saying.”
You could hear him pacing downstairs. Stephen gave you the exact minute that Wong was supposed to open a portal of some kind so Steve could come through. There were only five minutes until last time you checked, you look over at the clock, now it’s about one. You stand, deciding you should be there when they come through, and for the first time in a while, Stephen’s voice breaks through the buzz to speak to you.
He sighs, shaking his head, letting the wrist rest gently on his leg, as he takes stock of himself. A headache, he’s thirsty, feels weak and tired, yet too awake to fall asleep. All normal feelings after he’s had a bad dream. It feels a little worse than usual. But that's his own fault as well as everything else that seems to be happening today.
“Yeah.” Tony shrugs. “It’s okay, go.”
You pull the boy tighter to you, hugging him, trying to blink away tears in your eyes. This whole thing is messed up. All you did was go for a walk, and now you’re being hunted by a creature you’ve never seen before.
“This would be a first that I’ve seen, Sir.”
Something strange with the way that man is built. Bucky chuckled to himself, grabbing a cracker to eat as he looked through the refrigerator for a proper breakfast. As he pulled out ingredients he found himself shaking out a sore pain in his flesh wrist.
“That's it, I’ve decided. J order some of that molding clay. Overnight shipping. I want to get this done before I change the counters”
“Stark Tower. My tower. Steve and I were thinking that it might be safer to have civilians gather there, there’s plenty of food and water. Lots of room too.”
The clock ticked far on the wall, and Killian glared at it. Wondering what the point was to have a clock that ticks when there are plenty of digital ones about. Even in this very room. It was unnecessary, and he would have to get someone to take it down.
Tony wakes up two hours after he fell asleep according to Jarvis. He’s awoken by the sound of Dum-E doing his best to clean up the pizza and plates.
“Thor’s alive?” Steve asks. “We couldn’t find him.”
“Well, I guess it’s good I’ve got enough for the both of us,” Steve comments back.
“Stark Tower?”
“Nope.”
“’m fine.” He grunts, tongue heavy in his mouth. Not trusting his words not to slur he tries pushing himself off the ground, only to fail and knock his head on the floor. Steve winces sympathetically, and places his hand between Tony’s head and the floor should he try again and need something softer to land on. He tries again, with help this time, Steve supporting his back and head, they manage to get Tony sitting upright, Steve’s hand just behind him keeping him steady and still.
Steve laughed. “Why did you run?”
Steve takes a deep breath looking conflicted as he stops just in front of Bucky. “I’m not sure anything would qualify as wrong, per say. I just feel conflicted.”
Steve considers, maybe for a moment. Instead of wanting to call. Tony might have been wanting Steve to call instead. It would explain a lot. Like the radio silence for the last two years. Steve had considered calling a few times. Every time he did, he worried about what would happen when he did.
He’d pinched the side of his leg as best he could without drawing attention and the pain did nothing to waver his hardness. His mind kept circling back to Tony, how warm his skin was, the smell of his hair. Just the thought of his body in Bucky’s arms.
“Yeah? Is that bad? If I hadn’t I might’ve never seen him again.”
“Warm? The inside?”
“If you’d like.” He shrugs. “It might help.”
Steve looks back to Wong. “Are you the one who told Y/n to call?”
Tony had tried to say that it would be okay. But it wasn’t. Peter’s gone. Everyone’s gone. They had failed. Stranges’ last words still echoing in his head as well.
Steve was the last to round the corner, he barely gets one glance at you when your eyes roll back and you begin falling. Despite not knowing you, he doesn’t hesitate to push past Natasha and Bruce, and up the steps just in time to stop your head from hitting the edge of a stair. He then picks you up, straining a little, feeling an injury in his side from his brush up with Thanos. He broke several bones, but already they were healing, he just needed to wait a little longer.
“Tony, I- I didn’t mean to-” It’s an apology, which doesn’t make sense in Tony’s mind. H
Tony looks to Steve who’s back is now turned to them. “Come on, Blondie. I’m giving out free hugs. You don’t want one?”
“It’s not a can-do attitude Tony.” Steve sighs. He tries holding in his disappointment, this isn’t how he imagined meeting Tony again after all this time. But It’s understandable, this really isn’t the best of circumstances. “They’re alive.”
“But what? It’s not forgivable for Tony? Because he’s already forgiven me, and this is all stuff about me you already know. So maybe you should just tell me what you’re really mad about. Like Tony rejecting your kiss.”
“He keeps calling you Mr. Stark.” You shrug, “He told me to ask you to wait.”
“Also, your modeling clay has arrived.”
“Stop!” You yell again, and he does, fighting through it after a few seconds. It must be the other stones, four trumps the power of two. That means you’ll just have to get the rest from him.
“Tony.” He stands quickly. “Oh my gosh, are you okay? Your arm…”
“Yeah, my soulmate, Tony. It’s his wrist, I think it’s broken.” Steve sighs. “He doesn’t want anyone to know he’s here. Apparently, there’s a guy looking for him, we want no trace, just like Natasha, but this time we’ll pay for everything.”
“So how do the two of you know each other?” Tony asks, a while later. They’ve settled into some comfortable silence and for a little bit, none of them felt the need to fill it. But the quiet was starting to make Tony feel sluggish, and he was up all night, so it’s either talk or going to sleep. “From work?”
Bucky had a problem. Well- it’s not a problem. It’s a slight inconvenience.
“The tower?”
Tony’s just caressing it as if it’s something precious. Tony gently turns his hand over to look at the palm and run his fingers on the edges of the panels, watching as Bucky flexes his fingers and moves accidentally.
“When the time is right?”
“I didn't know. You asked me how it ended. But there was something blocking me from seeing what happened after you touched the Soul Stone.”
So, if he doesn’t have it, or it’s broken, he builds or fixes it.
He thinks he did a good job pretending to be the latter. Everyone seemed to believe Tony Stark had skin so thick you couldn’t break it with a pickaxe much less words, and for the most part that’s true. He doesn’t give a damn what a bunch of strangers say or think about him. He’s gotten enough hate mail to know that for himself.
Tony: Maybe next time.
Bucky’s breath catches in his throat, and he freezes. God this was his soulmate. He’s waited so long for this.
“Uh, what are you doing?”
Bucky and Steve share an amused look behind his back. Not needing words to communicate their shared thoughts of how Tony’s kind of adorable.
Bucky bursts out in a fit of laughter so strong her doubles over clutching his stomach. Steve laughs along at the sight of him.
There was a shuffling outside the door and a soft sigh.
“We need to stop the bleeding.” He says. He’s gotten some lessons in quick medical fix-ups from Natasha over the years. That fact that he heals the most on missions, means he’s most likely to be the only one able to take care of everyone else. But this seemed above those tiny lessons he got.
“Oh, my fucking god.” Steve’s hands start shaking, fear, panic, and anger all fueling him and making his heart beat faster. “God damn it Bucky.” His words come out barely a whisper, and his voice is a few octaves lower. He’s holding himself back from doing anything more. He knows better than to move or to try and touch anything else, in the state he’s in, it’ll only make it worse. “I was doing so good.” He was, he really was. He’d actually thought that he would get through this whole thing without breaking something. But taking a cheap shot like that… now of all times. There was no way Bucky didn’t know that’d set him off.
“Yes?”
“I don’t know.” Bucky looks around the room. “I just have this weird feeling, in my chest.”
He clears his throat and tries to sound casual when he speaks. “Are you sure you even want another soulmate?”
He talks nonstop as he opens the door, holds onto the pizza as it’s handed to him along with the sodas in a thin plastic bag. He talks as he closes it behind him, and sets everything on the kitchen counter. It’s only then that he realizes just how much he’s going on. So he stops, takes a breath, and mumbles an apology. Keeping his back to them because he doesn’t even want to see the look on their faces.
“Yes it is. Look at your face.” He points, the jagged scratches barely stopped bleeding. “I did that.”
Bucky: WTF? What happened? What room? I'm on my way.
“Hey.” Bucky parrots back in a graveled voice. He sounds tired. But then again, Bucky always sounds tired; it’s just sort of his whole thing. Everyone finds Steve sunny and chipper and Bucky doomy and gloomy.
“I dunno.” Tony sighs, running a hand over his head tiredly, feeling out for obvious cuts or bumps. Nothing. So he figured it was a win, if he did there’d be a bruise tomorrow, so it's another day’s problem. He relaxes into the couch thinking about sleep, and how much he really, really wants to go to bed for the first time in weeks. “I’m tired.” He huffs out a breath of air.
Tony coughs again and blinks his eyes open slowly. “Did I hit my head too hard? Or do you have a beard?”
“Let’s go home.” He says, and Bucky’s eyes go back up to the building, and Steve gets it. The want, the pull. Out of all his fears and waiting, he never considered having a soulmate that seemed to be avoiding them. He’d give himself the benefit of the doubt and look on the bright side, like at least Tony didn’t run this time. But then again, they were in his apartment, there wasn’t really anywhere to run to. “Tomorrow.” Steve reminds him, and Bucky smiles.
“I propose you eat something, Sir.”
Hands covered in blood, and the snow on the ground around him stained with it. A long-dribbled trail of blood, he follows it with his eyes until it’s too far a distance to see and he stumbles through the snow towards it. The closer he gets to the unknown source the more frantic he grows, and the higher the snow piles on the ground to the point he’s practically swimming in it, freezing.
“I do, actually,” Tony said quickly. “I wanna know what happens.” When Steve just looked down, staying quiet, Tony gave him a gentle nudge with his elbow.
Unfortunately, Steve made it a whole twenty minutes down in the gym, punching a heavy bag before he couldn’t take it anymore. He wanted to see Tony, not just because he missed his presence, but because he needed to make sure the man was okay. It wasn’t a big deal, that’s what friends did. But if something was wrong, Steve would be curious to know why Tony hadn’t confided in him about it. He and Tony were close, and whenever something harbored on their shoulders, they would talk to the other about it, knowing that not too many others knew them the way they knew each other.
“Idiot,” Tony huffed, his voice tinny as it filtered through the mask. He lowered them to the ground, holding Steve against his chest a few moments before releasing the blonde from his grasp.
“God, I wish I had an artistic talent,” Tony said, biting his lower lip while watching his blonde boyfriend. “I would draw you just like this, Stevie. Though I don’t believe Michelangelo or Leonardo could equate your beauty on paper or in marble,” Tony praised, slipping Steve’s legs over his hips.
I wanna taste her lips, yeah, ‘cause they taste like you
After the speech and tribute video to Peggy played, Steve and Tony meandered to the side of the room, hanging out by the glass wall as they waited for Sharon. “That was a lovely thing they did for Peggy,” Steve started, placing his hands in his pockets as he searched the crowd.
"Nothing to thank me for, Steve," Tony replied softly, pulling away to look at Steve. The brunette cupped Steve's cheek, his thumb brushing at the man's cheekbone. Unbeknownst to Steve, he flickered his gaze to Tony's mouth, a swirling tightening in his chest as his longing for the man became almost unbearable. Tony must have had mirroring feelings, because soon enough the brunette eased the super soldier closer. Steve closed his eyes, felt the heat of Tony's breath ghost against his mouth and jaw, and then the brunette's lips met his. Steve sighed softly, every bit of his being becoming Tony's, the soulmark budding with both warmth and contentment, desire and security.
The party was over. Empty cocktail and wine glasses scattered the tables and bars while the moonlight gently touched upon the surface of the room, mixing with the warm hued lighting. It had been one hell of an Avenger party too, everyone mingling and chatting about, drinking in merriment and eating a plethora of hors d’oeuvres.
Tony full out sprints all the way to his apartment and slams the door shut behind him. Locking all three locks on the door, and telling Jarvis to keep an eye out for intruders, or anyone unusual on the entire floor. Which would be anyone other than the mailman, because no one else lives on this floor other than Tony. When he bought the apartment, he bought the entire floor and did renovations. So, three of the four apartments on this floor now make up one, and the fourth he uses as a storage unit. There is still the elevator and the hallway. Tony hates the idea of an elevator that opened into his living room. He had too many trust issues for that. Besides, having to install a key or code so that only he could access the floor felt like it’d draw more attention to him, and more attention is the opposite of what Tony wanted.
Tony silently wishes Pepper were here she has a great at always knowing what you need for any occasion. This is something he really wants her help with. But he can't call her.  Once she knows there will be no stopping her from trying to find him. She'll tell Rhody and then from there it'll spread. If Killian finds out…. He’ll be pissed.
Bucky sighs, rubbing a hand over his face. “He was never technically fired. They just transferred him to a different gym, and I guess they realized he was a piece of shit, and sent him back.”
“I won’t let him get the chance.”
It fades slowly and you realize the cause, it’s noise, high pitched slowly tuning in. Its voices, too many to count, all overlapping. But one speaks louder than the rest, it’s calmer too, with lots of focus.
“I see it.”
“How do I say it?” Tony’s shoulders lifted tightly. “How does one just let loose on that information. I’ve never had to explain who I was to anyone, and now that I don’t want anyone to know, I finally meet someone who apparently needs to.”
Bucky shrugs. “It acts up.”
“Can’t just what?” Bucky cuts him off, killing the line of excuses before they had a chance to fall out of Steve’s mouth. “Stop being a punk and just do it.” He tells him. “I’m going back to sleep.”
“Sharp pain where?”
Bucky had to work a shift at two, so Steve spent most of his day sketching what little he remembered of Tony’s face. He was shading in the dark bags under the man’s eyes when Bucky came home.
“Yeah, I do that.” Tony shrugs.
The moment the stone dislodged from its place on the gauntlet Thanos breaks free of everyone’s holds at the same time, he throws his arms out knocking you and Steve clear off the ground. He lands heavily on his side getting the wind knocked out of him, and you land a few feet away on your back coughing hard at the force.
Tony finds himself speechless for a moment. Shocked at the idea of never trying anything else. Never trying to find love instead of letting one mark on your skin determine who you stay with forever. To say it’s a waste of time hurts Tony inside. His mind thinking back to Pepper. He never felt like he was settling with her. Those feelings were real and intense. They still are sometimes. But he hasn’t been interested in dating. Not since Killian.
When Steve gets home he's still thinking about it. He had to stop and focus on his job a while, but the idea never gave up the chance to trickle back in.
He hated his strength and everything it robbed him of. Which is something he never thought was possible? When Steve was younger, he was gangly and sick. Lithe, pale, couldn’t take ten steps without reaching for his inhaler. He had every sickness you could think of. The hospital was his second home, but it felt more like his first. He was homeschooled. He had to be. Otherwise, he would have been held back several grades, that was if he lived long enough to go back. Which, at the time, no one thought he would.
He pulls it out quickly, a very small part of him hopes they cancel so he can just lay down and relax, do this again some other day. He’s surprised to see that it’s a message from Pepper.
Bruce looks down at his reflection in the water and sighed. Still, he could feel the hulk holding back. God, this was all backwards. Usually, he’d have to hold the big guy back. Meditating, drinking that disgusting tea. The whole nine yards. But now, the moment Bruce needed him, the moment everyone needed him everything had to change.
Tony sighs and nods.
“You think I need surgery?” His voice wavered, and eyes widened. “This isn’t a cast and painkillers kind of deal?”
“Hasn’t killed me yet.” Tony counters shrugging his shoulders. He remembers this conversation, he’s had it multiple times. He’s good at defending his work, and easy banter. He can already feel himself relaxing.
Thor sits in the grass with Loki, going over strategy and plotting the death of Thanos once they find him. “You’re sure you pierced him in the chest?” Loki asks.
“Yep.”
“That or he’s just scared of you. I bet that’s what it is. Someone probably told him about the bags.”
Once they got to the apartment Steve meant to pull Bucky aside and make it clear that all was forgiven. But Bucky had other plans. Darting to his room, and barely giving a quick ‘See you at work.’ before closing the door behind him.
Bruce left earth so he could help. He left so he could stop destroying things.  So, people would praise him instead of stop being the monster.
“Uh, yeah. I met my soulmate.” He nods, feeling self-conscious. Like it was a secret that needed to be kept. Although he’s never felt that way before about his mark. He hadn’t thought about telling anybody. The only person who he immediately would have been going to tell was Bucky and they shared the same soulmate. They were friends with the others at the gym, but no one was quite as close to the two like they were to each other. With how Tony reacted, and the hesitance they both felt from the man, he wondered if Tony had anyone to tell. Family, or friends. He’d asked if Bucky and Steve had been together, but they didn't really know if he was dating. From the looks of it, Tony lived alone, but that doesn't mean he wasn’t in a relationship, or on his way to starting one.
He thought about sharks, scary movies, and prune juice.
Bucky almost doesn’t register he’s being asked a question, and when he does he’s still too shocked to actually speak. Thankfully Steve does it for him. “There was a doctor, he worked for Stark Industries.”
"Steve?" She questioned, hurrying over to him. She didn’t get there in time, for Steve reached out for her to help keep him balanced. Black spots flickered across his vision and he collapsed against the tile floor, unconscious.
“You seem to be in a better mood too,” she added, winking at him before grabbing up a handful of cheese and sprinkling it over the eggs. Steve chuckled, giving her a playful nudge.
Cleaning up his brushes and painting area, Steve couldn’t help but smile to himself, thinking about spending alone time with his love. Since they began their relationship, they hadn’t had the chance to spend a lot of quality time together, their missions becoming more frequent. But Avenger responsibilities had died down a bit finally, so Steve and Tony decided to make up for lost time and cherish a quiet evening together.
"Hi, Tony," Steve said with a wide smile. He and Natasha were sparring, but when Steve was blatantly distracted by Tony's appearance, the woman used it to her advantage and swiped the super soldier's feet right from underneath him.
"Mhmm," Steve replied, almost drunkenly from pleasure. He arched against the other man however, wanting to feel all of Tony and explore his body anew. Steve curiously felt out the dips and curves of Tony's back, his shoulders, the ribbed muscle of his seratus anterior. "You're so beautiful Tony," Steve sighed, finding Tony's mouth once again, sucking the man's bottom lip between his teeth. Tony slipped his tongue in Steve's mouth, and the taste of the brunette sent a shiver down the blonde's spine.
Once everyone was gone, Tony let out a long sigh, trudging back up to the communal area to await Pepper’s return. He sat on the couch, his body tired, his heart heavy. When he heard the elevator ping, he stood and turned to see Pepper in the same form fitting navy dress she had on earlier, her hair now a bit unkempt from her busy day of meeting after meeting. She was still the most beautiful woman he knew. He couldn’t help but to wrap his arms around her, to feel her petite form against him. Pepper hugged him back though, squeezing him tightly before giving him a peck on the lips. Tony asked how her meetings went, and she asked about how the party was. They both gave half-hearted remarks, knowing that they needed to get everything on the table.
“Well then we can do this more often,” Steve replied as he pulled the covers up around his chin.
Walking up to their room which was room number 4, Steve took in all the old woodwork, dark carpeting and multiple black and white photographs that peppered the wallpapered walls. It reminded him of Brooklyn, when he would go with Bucky to his grandma’s house. It was just like this, tastefully dated amongst an evolving culture.
But that all came to a screeching halt when Pepper dropped the breaking-up bombshell on him. She told him that she hadn’t felt the romantic spark in their relationship for a while, and that she couldn’t keep pretending anymore. “It’s not that I think that you don’t care. I just don’t think you’re truly happy, Tony,” she said to him as she readied herself for a meeting that morning. Tony, who was still trying to wake up, felt his heart sink.
Tony felt himself nearing the edge. Steve was just too damn beautiful; he couldn’t take it. He saw Steve curl his fingers up, tugging at his rim while he moaned Tony’s name over and over. Adding a third finger inside him, Tony watched how the man’s hole hugged around his fingers tightly, lube squirting out between his fingers as Steve penetrated himself deeply. Tony wanted to lap it up with his tongue, feel Steve’s entrance clenching around him.
“I really don’t think that’s necessary, Tony,” the blonde replied after a pause. “It’s not like you’re blindfolding me and whipping me with a ridding crop.”
“Ke-keep going, Tony,” Steve whispered, his eyes closed, brows furrowed as he fought for breath. Tony started back into a quick pace, pounding into Steve’s wet, spent hole. Steve’s body was heavy against Tony’s, his cheek resting on the brunette’s clavicle, hands holding onto his sides. He was sensitive as Tony bucked into him relentlessly, the noises he made just soft sensual whimpers.
“Oh God,” Tony bit out, his fingers digging into Steve’s hips as he fought for composure. Steve’s hands braced his solid chest, his own finger shadowing a slight amount of the light that emanated from the genius’s arc reactor. His thoughts were quaking, his body flooded with pent up need as well as being completely exhausted from all the two had done so far.
“What the hell is that?” Clint asked, turning to start up the quinjet and head for Queens. Immediately, the rest of the team turned their heads towards Thor, expecting him to answer.
“You weren’t supposed to be back till the day after tomorrow,’ Steve said softly, feeling Tony’s chest and arc reactor press against his back.
“Ehn, yes. Oh, God,” Steve whispered, his mouth agape, eyes shut tight as he felt himself reaching his breaking point. Tony leaned his head forward, and meshed his lips with Steve, kissing the beautiful blonde sloppily as he began to lose the rhythm of his thrusts. Steve pulled at Tony’s hair almost painfully, his swelled penis slapping against his belly, sprinkling droplets of precome on the sheets around him.
I don’t get no sleep, I don’t get no peace
“Oh, well makes sense. Anyways, you’re about to have some company,” he sing-songed, eyeing the balcony that led to her apartment suite. She didn’t even have time to answer before he hovered over the platform of her balcony, plopping down on it with a metal thud.
Stephanos was blonde, strong and masculine…loyal. Steve knew these facets of the man, even without being told so. The blonde drew Stephanos as such. He sketched out Antonius too, the man fit mentally and physically, with captivating eyes and an impressive selflessness. his heart was pure and good.
“Is it working? The super soldier asked cheekily, nosing his way down to suck at the genius’s neck.
“You always have my heart Tony. I’ll always stick by you, don’t ever doubt that,” Steve cooed, tilting Tony’s chin so the man would look at him. When their gaze finally locked Steve smiled, leaning up to kiss him flush on the lips once more before drifting his hands to the belt of Tony’s pants. “Now I need to get you out of these.” Steve unlatched the buckle, only to undo the top button before lowering the zipper down and over the curve of Tony’s erection. Tony kicked out of his pants and boxer briefs, tossing them to the floor before gently nudging Steve to turn on his belly.
“Nope.” Steve beamed a toothy grin.
“Not gonna happen,” Steve said, ignoring Tony’s boyish pout.
Then, Steve felt a sensation quite foreign to him, a sweet thrum of heat and relaxation flooding inside him. He looked down to see Tony pulling out the anal beads, one by one ever so slowly. “How’s that feel?” Tony inquired, watching Steve’s reaction as he moved the toy out of his entrance.
Sliding into the bed, Steve could feel himself immediately sink into the softest mattress ever. He had only slept in Tony’s bed once, when the brunette had an awful fever a few weeks back. Steve didn’t leave his boyfriend’s side, sleeping next to the man and being there for whenever Tony needed anything.
“Anytime, Steve” Tony’s message read. When the genius used his real name instead of ‘Cap,’ Steve’s belly flip flopped, and his shoulder blossomed with warmth. Steve rubbed a palm over his face and sighed.
“Damn, Steve,” Tony murmured, a sensitive hand finding its way to the ribbon that held Steve’s wrists together. The fabric was just so soft compared to the masculinity of his beloved’s body. “You’re all tied up…do you want me to unwrap you?” Tony asked cheekily, his eyes darkening as he looked at Steve. The blonde nodded eagerly, moving in to kiss Tony passionately. Tony hummed happily, letting Steve’s tongue slip between his teeth. But soon the genius pulled away, resting a hand on his boyfriend’s chest.
“Fuck yourself, Steve,” Tony said breathlessly, eyes big and filled with yearning. Seeing his boyfriend laying there perfectly exposed and open just for Tony’s eyes was almost too much for him to take.
“Well you wouldn’t be wrong,” Tony admitted with an easy smile before he looked into the bag he held and spotted that damn fisherman’s hat tucked in the side of the bag. He frowned at Steve who was still looking at Jerry. He must have felt the brunette’s stare though, because Tony saw the side of his mouth curve into a knowing smirk.
With that said, he decided to follow the crowd and embrace the holiday of love. It was his and Tony’s first Valentine’s day together as a couple, and Steve wanted to show his love just how much he meant to him.
“You love that, don’t you, baby?” Tony said, lifting his head just enough to speak. “Like me kissing and playing with these pretty nipples of yours.” Tony gently blew on the one he had been licking at, cooling the wetness there with his soft breath. He watched the goosebumps pepper Steve’s skin, his nipple hardening even more so from that chilled sensation.
“I-is this a bad time? I can just go,” Steve said, and Tony could physically see the man’s positive presence slowly dying away. Tony could not bear to be the cause of it.
“I miss you too, love,” Tony replied, eyes sad. “Two more days of these damn meetings and we’ll make up for lost time huh?” There was a hint of mischief in his eyes when he said that, winking at Steve who beamed back at Tony, cheeks flushing a deep crimson.
"Thank you, Tony," Steve breathed, nuzzling into the crook of Tony's neck.
"Hey, Tony," Steve said, making sure to stand straight and stoic. He ignored the pain in his shoulder, ignoring the way the genius rubbed at his own shoulder.
“Good,” Tony breathed, Steve’s kiss leaving liquid heat to bloom within his veins. “I did as well,” he remarked, laying the beads on the blonde’s dark brown comforter. Tony had read a few articles about how the act, like most intimate acts, relied on a deep resonating trust between the partners, and that communication is key.
“I’m okay,” Steve huffed, using a semi clean spot on the old rag he still held to wipe his cheek and lips before any oil found its way into his mouth.
With one hand wrapped around Steve’s chest, he hooked the other one under the super soldier’s leg, hoisting it up so that the brunette could fuck the man harder and deeper. Tony changed his pace and pulsed his hips quickly, hitting deeply within his love with all he had.
“It’s okay,” Tony managed to say, looking over at him as they laid side by side. Steve felt the cold wet snow starting to seep its way into his dark jeans, though it was moot as he smiled softly at Tony.
But he found his belonging when Tony strolled into his life, a man of the future, always seeing the possibilities. So many things could have kept them apart. Steve could have landed Red Skull’s plane safely, seeing them win the war and starting a no doubt wonderful life with Peggy. Or Tony could have never made it out of those caves in the Middle East, the shrapnel eating right through his heart. The genius could have been killed before his escape, never becoming Iron Man.
“Yes ma'am,” Clint muttered.
“Come on baby, fuck yourself,” Tony gently commanded. He grasped Steve’s shoulder, bracing himself as he transfixed his gaze on the super soldier and the way his fingers disappeared with each pulse of Steve’s hips. The excessive lubricant spilled from Steve’s gleaming hole, the pink muscles of his opening stretched beautiful taut around the brunette’s digits. That sight alone was enough for the blood in Tony body to make its way into his nether regions, his penis becoming hard once again.
Steve joined in, keeping quiet as they piled the paper, ribbon and tape into a black bag. The blonde mulled over Tony’s letter in his mind, finding it to be rather inconspicuous. It made him nervous, for he didn’t know what to expect when he met up with the man later that day.
Thanks to my beta as always.
“I don’t know,” Tony replied, mouth pressed against the creamy skin close to Steve’s groin. “Kinda wanna see how desperate I can make you before I take you.” He worried against the firm skin with his teeth, swiping the facial hair on his cheek against it, driving Steve wild beneath him.
During that snowball fight, Steve had the fleeting thought that Tony had felt the same way about Steve. The mutual feelings seemed to flow off of each other as they laid there in the snow. The unspoken words had said so much. Steve was waiting for Tony to admit something though, anything that hinted at him having the same romantic feelings for him. But after that Hulk incident, everything went back to the way things were. It must have been the cold getting to Steve’s head.
“Oh, you’re on,” Steve said, going back to the shore to put on fresh bait. It was mere friendly competition. And Tony was totally going to win.
Tony fished that bookmark back out, eyeing the statue again. The muscles reminded him of Steve, the defined curve of a pectoral, the small waist and broad shoulders. tony felt his cheeks warm at the thought, his belly getting tight.
fall out of love with you, Steve?” Tony asked, brown eyes big and revealing the hurt of Steve thinking he would find someone else. “Do you believe that kind of paparazzi garbage? Don’t you know me better than that?” Tony didn’t yell or sound mad as he pressed his lips to the blonde’s eyelids.
Once everyone had their appropriate gifts, the Avengers sat in the lounge area, unhurriedly opening their presents as the warmth of the holiday pulsed within the room like a slow, sweet caramel sauce.
Steve had missed Tony with a longing he had not endured with anyone else before. They’d been apart not too long ago, when Steve was on Avenger business. But, how things have been lately between him and the genius, Steve could tell something was up. Tony, that gorgeous, cheeky man, seemed distant, and Steve of course assumed the worst.
“That was a good shower, I figured they’d run out of hot water,” Tony said, stretching his back, his old t-shirt rising to reveal the tawny, taut skin of his belly. Steve’s eyes were glued there a good minute before he looked to Tony’s face, the man smirking at him.
“What?” Steve asked, an eyebrow raised as he turned in Tony’s arms until he faced the brunette and they were chest to chest.
“See something you like, Steve?” Tony asked, his grin salacious.
Steve locked his eyes with his beloved’s once again, a third finger swirling its way into his now soft, compliant opening. The genius saw Steve push his rump greedily down onto his lithe digits, the need to be filled and full obvious. Steve didn’t even need to say anything then, for Tony knew his boyfriend and his precedent needs better than anyone else. He knew Steve was losing focus, was getting close.
Steve finished changing the oil and filter then, still thinking over everything as he scrubbed up any spilled oil as well as cleaned the tools before putting them back into Tony’s toolbox. He meandered over to his sketchbook and pencil, still resting on the stool.
“I- uh, well I went to this one museum with Natasha and Sam,” Steve said his stupid nerves causing him to blabber. Tony didn’t glare or seem annoyed, he just waited patiently as Bruce glanced at the other genius. “Anyways, I saw this and thought you would like it,” Steve rushed out, practically thrusting the gift bag in Tony’s hand. Steve felt himself sweating, chills running up his spine as his shoulder began to almost seer with pain.
Tony took in a deep breath, sighing as he scrubbed a hand over his face, feeling the bristle of cropped facial hair on his palm. He looked around the ship before staring out at the beautiful, sparkling sea ahead, the sun radiating on the water and dancing upon the waves. How small and insignificant he felt in that moment.
“Well, best I get this guy back in the water,” Steve said, unhooking the fish.
“Huh?” Tony answered ever so intelligently, scrubbing a hand at his face and refocusing. “Sorry, I was, thinking about where I had placed my oil can…” Tony lied, turning away from the man, needing to not look at his face, or immaculate body. Tony seriously needed to get a grip on himself, or he was going to be doomed.
Steve sighed at the touch, pressing into Tony’s warm comforting hand, the slightly calloused roughness sending a pleasant chill up the super soldier’s spine. Tony’s lips were so soft as they roamed over Steve’s own, his short dark facial hair gently scratching along Steve’s jaw and upper lip. The blonde could detect a hint of the dark brew coffee that lingered on the other man’s tongue.
Tony’s breathing was quickening at the astounding sight of Steve masturbating, and soon enough he couldn’t hold off. Grasping roughly around his own aroused cock, Tony sighed in relief at his touch, stroking himself languidly as he watched Steve.
“Tony?” Steve asked, jarring the genius back to reality.
“And those are?” Tony asked.
“What’s the name of the place?” Tony asked. He’d be sure to pay all her expanses. Even if she tried to tell him no. But she told him the place, sniffling and wiping her nose on the handkerchief he had offered her as they entered the elevator.
“You, uh, you’ve got a rip in your suit,” Tony whispered, pointing down.” Steve looked down at his front quizzically. “No, no. On your butt,” he clarified. Steve gasped then, his cheeks beet red as he covered up his behind with his shield.
Giggling in excitement, Steve knelt between the man’s thighs, placing the chocolate sauce on the table next to them. He quickly went to work removing Tony’s shirt over his head, flinging it somewhere before undoing the man’s jeans. Tony angled his hips, helping Steve pull them down, leaving him in just a pair of boxers once Tony kicked his own socks off.
He couldn’t avoid the inevitable though, so Tony took a long shower, letting the heated water work some of the tension from his muscles. Once he was done, he dressed in an old t-shirt and boxers, flopping down into the plush king size bed with his Stark Pad, awaiting Steve’s call. It was only a few moments when he saw the little icon in corner and he pressed the button to connect to his boyfriend.
“Mmm,” Steve moaned as he licked into the genius’s mouth once more, reveling in the sweet taste on Tony’s tongue.
Steve also wished he wouldn’t get so worked up over the man. He’d been trying so hard to be diligent on letting his feelings for Tony subside. If he was honest with himself, he wasn’t doing a good job with it. But he deserved a pat on the back for trying at least.
The brunette woke up in a flash, his breath ragged, sweat dripping on his brow. He immediately felt an ache in his chest, as if his heart was about to stop. He clutched his arm, trying to regulate his breathing. It was a mere dream, not even a nightmare, and Tony's mind was in fight or flight mode. Everything felt so real however, as if he had truly been in a Neolithic dimension, witnessing it all first hand. Tony assessed his room, which was empty now that Pepper had gone, wiping his sweaty temple and forehead. He felt clammy and overwhelmed as the dream played on a loop in his mind. The genius saw these figures and felt a strange connection to them. They were a distant memory, as if he had this dream before and these characters had a vague familiarity. Tony flopped back on his bed, grunting with frustration and staring at the ceiling.
Steve left the gala in a hurry, keeping is head down, avoiding eye contact so that he could leave the building uninterrupted. He went back to the tower, only to change into more casual attire and head back out, catching the subway train. Though it was late, the train car was still rather full, people working third shift or students who had been studying late. Steve saw a man with a bag filled with toys, a stuffed bear peeking out of the top. Christmas was right around the corner, he figured there were still some last minute shopping to get done.
“In love with Steve,” Tony muttered to himself as he thought of the man’s cerulean eyes and kind smile. Tony scoffed. He really wasn’t gonna think about Steve’s appearance now. His strong physique and chiseled features had nothing to do with anything.
His brain was foggy, but Steve could detect his love’s hands on him, the brunette’s fingers tender over his skin. Tony removed Steve’s undies from where they stayed on the blonde’s upper thighs. That last bit of fabric gone left Steve beautifully naked on Tony’s bed.
“I-I wanna,” he started, adjusting himself as he tried to bend his body so that he could see better. “Wanna see…” he trailed off, eyes wild with curiosity as he looked to Tony. “Wanna see what you’re seeing.”
Underneath the title was a grainy image of Tony and a beautiful buxom woman leaving a luxury apartment.
“Come, Steve. You know you want to blow all over me,” Tony said, reaching his hands up to twist and pluck at the man’s nipples, feeling the skin hard and pebbled.
Nick of course took it under consideration and agreed with Steve that their skill set were greatly desired and admired. After their meeting, Steve was heading down the hall, buttoning up his winter coat, only to stop when he saw a familiar face heading his way.
“Tony?”
“No, I am not blind to my feelings. Maybe you’re the one who is just realizing you dumped me for no reason and are trying to justify it somehow,” Tony barked, his brows furrowed, his eyes becoming a glare.
Lord knows I’ve tried, I can’t get her off my mind
,” Steve continued, looking back to Tony blushingly.
“Clearly the merman being brought on deck was a peculiar incident. We have him below deck being cleaned up,” Stane smiled down at the younger man, acting like the step-in father he vowed to be for Tony when Howard passed away.
Steve stayed out there for a little while longer, the anxiety of his nightmare finally dissipated. Tony being out there had helped him, the man’s presence alone always calming. Yeah, Tony was constantly on the go, being pulled every which way with business matters as well as the scrutiny of the public eye. But when he was with Steve, he was always fully attentive, completely focused on him. It was sometimes intimidating for Steve, having 100 percent of Tony’s attention. But it didn’t surprise him either. Tony always did things with all that he had.
Arriving to the bar area of the ballroom, Tony asked the bartender for a glass of scotch, stuffing a fifty-dollar bill into the tip jar while he waited. There was an overhead announcement being made then, stating that a speech would be starting on the north side of the room in roughly fifteen minutes.
I got a girl crush, I got a girl crush
After Tony and Steve had their spat in the elevator, Tony had spent the rest of that day and evening sitting in his penthouse, a glass of scotch constantly in his grip. Only enough to numb his whirring mind, he told himself. Steve’s words had hit him hard, knocking him back to reality. For the past month Tony holed himself up either in his penthouse or lab, emerging from the depths only for random meetings and such. He was doing it so that he wasn’t toxic toward the people he cared about.
With a beer in hand, Steve settled next to the grand Christmas tree that was situated on the one side of the living room. A gentle snow had begun to fall outside, and Steve watched as the flakes caught the moonlight. It was so peaceful, a contrast to the warm, energetic atmosphere inside the tower.
“Only one finger, Steve? It’s gonna be painful,” Tony said, not wanting to hurt his boyfriend from not being stretched enough. Steve must have ignored everything he said though, because the next thing Tony did was moan, gritting his teeth as Steve slowly lowered himself down onto his erection.
“Yes,” he breathed,” lungs raspy. Tony smiled, tenderly lifting the bandage to see Bruce’s steady stitching of the merman’s wound. It was clean and looked very good considering a spear had been thrusted into the sea creature’s side. Tony was also surprised by how quickly Steve was indeed healing. The wound was sutured closed, but the flesh already began to stitch itself closed, a puckered red line trailing down the merman’s side and to his scaly hip bone.
Thank you to all who have walked with me on this writing journey! I hope it was just as enjoyable to read as it was to write! <3
“Alright,” Tony said, his own eyes misting, his throat constricted.
Through the primal yearning of desire and hormones, Steve didn’t neglect how beautiful this was between him and Tony. As Tony rocked into him, biting at Steve’s neck hard and moaning sweetly. And as Steve whimpered Tony’s name and pressed his cheek in against the brunette’s shoulder, his grip on the man’s upper arms probably painful, Steve felt their souls unite, as their bodies became one entity.
“I love knowing that I’m yours, beloved,” Steve answered after a moment, opening his cerulean eyes to stare back into his lover’s warm ones. Tony grinned, bringing his hand back up to rest on Steve’s shoulder.
“Morning everyone,” Steve greeted, opening the screen on his tablet and, with the help from Natasha, projecting the images onto a holographic screen for all to see. “Were headed for Queens,” Steve began, playing the newsfeed of what they were getting into. An image of a large beast that kind of looked like a dragon of the ancient world appeared. It was a live feed, showing the creature terrorizing the borough.
He barely slept, as nightmares screamed in his head, the cries of the innocent, the loss of air in his lungs as he watched the Chitari life source explode in front of him. He would wake up in a cold sweat, tears streaming down his face, alone.  He would calm after a while, trying to think of the good that came after they defeated the alien army. Steve Rogers and his smiling face, dirty, disheveled hair falling in his blue eyes. That was what Tony awoke to after losing consciousness in space. And that somehow made Tony feel okay. He didn’t know why, he assumed it was because he realized he wasn’t dead.
“Here,” Steve said, brushing his one side against Tony’s, grabbing up the spatula. The super solider flipped the omelet gracefully before taking the metal tongs on the granite counter and checking the bacon.
“…What?” Was all he said in response, Steve’s words slowly sinking in.
Letting out a content and quiet sigh, Steve turned his head to see Tony behind him the best he could. The super soldier smiled, feeling so wonderful and loved in his beloved’s embrace. The brunette’s hands gently stroked up over the sheer fabric that covered Steve’s waist and torso, pushing the textured cloth against the man’s warm skin. Tony’s hands then slipped up to where the silk fabric that covered Steve’s pecs molded to the musculature of his chest, feeling the hardened peaks of the blonde’s nipples underneath.
“You mean scare them away?” Steve remarked before returning to the stream.
“To-oony,” Steve moaned out, pressing his ass back for more friction as Tony’s free hand spread his bum cheeks apart, exposing his entrance completely. In a swift motion, Tony darted his tongue along the inside of one of Steve’s cheeks, rasping it over the slightly textured skin there.
“You’re telling me,” Tony said. “That’s why Pepper dumped me,” Tony admitted then, holding his friend’s gaze.
“You’re a sight for sore eyes,” he said softly, meaning it entirely. Pepper just laughed it off, bating away the compliment.
“And at first I thought she was crazy, that she obviously was mistaken,” Tony continued, lowering his voice when more people were nearby. “But these last couple months, I’ve been seeing Steve in a new light, a
Steve’s cheeks and chin were wet and glistening with his own saliva and Tony’s precome as he swallowed continuously around the brunette’s length. He didn’t care how messy he was, his forehead dampening with sweat as he worked Tony’s cock slowly out of his mouth. The blonde took the man’s erection in hand, his lips tingling from being stretched around Tony’s girth, and began to stroke his love, his tongue laving at the fat tip of his penis. Without warning he plunged forward, his eyes looking up to Tony, innocently locking with the brunette’s as he hollowed his cheeks and moaned lowly.
“Relax and let me make you feel good, love. A week of meetings and paperwork must have been tiring,” Tony cooed, moving to the other bum cheek and delivering a love bite to the meaty flesh. Steve gasped ahead, his body rocking against the sheets and pillows, allowing his lower belly and erection to have better friction. Tony snickered, feeling oh so proud for making Steve squirm so quickly. The genius began to rub the cropped beard he sported against the super soldier’s backside, nuzzling closely, his love’s desperate sounds swirling in his heart, only to then shoot down to his aching cock.
“So was there a particular reason you were calling, Nat?”
Sweat pooled at Tony’s hairline, the reactor light brightening the brunette’s strong features. His brown eyes were overpowered by blown pupils, never leaving Steve’s face as he stood between the man’s legs.
“Nor will my love ever ebb for you, Tony,” Steve assured him, and Tony smiled brightly at that, giving one last kiss to Steve’s hair before he laid back on the bed. The super soldier turned to lay his head on Tony’s shoulder, his uncovered leg hooking over Tony’s covered ones.
“Yeah, we’re good,” Steve concurred, and it looked like he too sighed in relief, worry lifting from his broad shoulders. “I really do miss you, though.”
He flew back to Stark Tower in a flash, hoping the glitch in the power system wouldn’t set them back too far. Tony was close to getting Stark Tower to be completely dependent on clean energy through the arc reactor power. He could do it, he knew he could, but his mind had been a bit out of sorts since Captain America had been plucked from ice, preserved in the cold. How he was still alive floored Tony's mind, even with the power of the serum that moved through the super soldier's veins.
Thank you all for reading!! It really, truly means so much to me <3
The blonde stared at him a moment before smiling back. “And how can I say no to that face,” Steve said, complying to Tony’s request, making brunette’s smile widen even more. Tony grabbed Steve’s waist and pulled him to the side of the bed. He stood then, guiding Steve to kneel on the bed before he pressed the man’s back flush against his chest. Steve let his head fall back, resting in the crook of Tony’s neck as he raised a hand into his dark tussled hair.
Hooking those fingers deeply inside Steve, finding the man’s prostate. Tony rubbed at those sensitive nerves, his other hand slipping beneath Steve and to his chest, his forefinger and thumb rolling and tugging at one of the man’s nipples.
. Steve hadn’t seen any of them yet, but it was on his to watch list.
Gorgeous commission art by Kelslk-Art on tumblr! Check her blog out! It is so amazing!
“Oh, you’ll see,” Tony winked before helping his boyfriend get his jeans off.  Tony giggled leaning in to kiss Steve’s mouth, his tongue tracing the blonde’s full bottom lip, red from all the kissing and biting he’d done to it. The brunette traced his hands over the borders of his beloved’s body, pressing into the soft skin that molded over hard muscle. Steve always enjoyed the bite of pain when they made love. And when he heard Steve sigh as his fingers pressed deeply into the super soldier’s sides, Tony couldn’t help but smile. Knowing he could make Steve so compliant in his arms was always a sight to see.
“T-Tony,” Steve said loudly, his eyes opening then to look at them in the midst of their love making. He wanted this, God how he wanted it. He wanted to feel the genius, to let the man mark him and claim him. Steve secretly loved Tony’s dirty talk, always enhancing his vernacular when they were both close to release. Tony rolled Steve’s nipples between nimble fingers, circling the rosy peaks of flesh then. It felt so damn good, having Tony’s hands on him that way, paying attention to his sensitive spots. He pushed his chest out for more of the man’s touch, only to shove his ass back to meet Tony’s bucking hips. He wanted Tony to be buried deep within him, and take all that he wanted of Steve.
“So needy, Steve,” Tony said, his cheeks warm from watching Steve. “Always so desperate for me.” Steve heard him, and thought that the man was absolutely right. In that moment, he looked ravished, with blown pupils, his reddened chest heaving as he tried to breathe, and his erection bouncing against his belly as he pushed down onto his love’s finger.
“Tony?” Steve said, his voice gravelly. He tried to adjust himself, only to feel the genius still fully hard inside him. The brunette hissed at the movement, opening his eyes and pressing a whisper of a kiss to his love. “Wh-what’re you-” Steve started to ask, only to make a surprised noise when Tony pulled out of him quickly and flipped them so that the brunette was on his back and Steve was on top of him. Steve eyed the man quizzically, hands resting on Tony’s chest.
“I’m curious to know why you chose fishing then,” Tony replied, putting down the hat. “Also, you should take the red and gold pole over there. Much better colors.”
“Eh, it’s going,” Steve said shrugging. “Haven’t found too many places that piqued my interest. I’ve got plenty of time to find the right space, though.”
Steve held his hand over Tony’s there, looking at him through his lashes. Leaning in, Steve searched for the man’s lips, his emotions washing over him in waves. Safe. He always felt so safe with Tony.
“Oh I could think of a few things,” Steve winked, taking a sip of the brew before handing it to Tony. “But later, after breakfast” he added before walking toward the living area. Tony watched the man go, eyes fixed on Steve’s gorgeous ass, appreciating how his sweatpants hugged it perfectly. He was also pretty sure the blonde swayed his hips more than normal, causing Tony to let out a soft groan.
“May I?” Tony asked, approaching the oceanic creature before him. His non-injured hand gently grasped the raw edge of the cream cotton that was covering Steve’s lacerations. Steve watched him, looking at him, blue eyes wide. He had a swell of nerves, though he was not sure why. He trusted Tony, by the was so close, and Steve felt suddenly unsure of himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was tired from the day of boring business bullshit, but nothing a cup of coffee couldn’t fix; he and Steve were going to video chat tonight. Tony had missed seeing that gorgeous boyfriend of his. But Steve wasn’t contacting him a lot these past few days and that made Tony nervous. Was Steve busy? Did he get called in for an Avenger mission? No, he couldn’t have or Tony would have been called in as well. He couldn’t help but worry that Steve may be distancing himself from Tony. And of course the genius assumed the worst, that Steve would soon enough end their relationship. But if that was why Steve wanted to video chat? That had to be it. A pit fell in Tony’s gut then, a wave of nerves rushing over him like a stormy sea.
It was then they saw the cake being carted in, and it was indeed gigantic.
“This is your company, Tony,” Pepper said gently then, laying a hand on the inventor’s sinewy shoulder. “Your father passed his business to you, not Obadiah. You have the ultimate say in what Stark Weaponry does.” Tony huffed a sigh, looking at Pepper with sincerity. He didn’t know what he would do without her.
Hearing Steve gasp, his voice a sweet melody caused Tony to come back to the present, focusing once more on making Steve thrum with pleasure. The genius caressed Steve’s rim a few more times before finally pushing his digit entirely inside the blonde, appreciating the snug fit of the beautiful man’s body.
Steve wiggled beneath Tony’s fingertips, his breath mere pants as he felt his love’s lips slowly dip lower down his body. He carded his hands into Tony’s thick dark hair as the man sucked at his clavicle, his beard scraping against Steve’s skin. He looked down, his blue eyes just a sliver around his blown pupils, seeing how Tony’s lips left searing heat down his chest.
“Honestly, Nick, you called me here for an urgent matter and this is it?” Tony stood then, turning for the door.
“Oh, God,” Steve rushed out, sounding as if the words were knocked out of him by some unbeknownst force. The blonde looked over his shoulder the best he could, imagining Tony as he fucked Steve with his rosy tongue, his face buried into his rump and eliciting all the obscene pleasures from the super soldier. Tony’s lush, dark hair peered over Steve’s round behind, causing the man to close his eyes as his mind ran wild with image after image of the genius and that glorious mouth of his.
“Sir is currently in the communal kitchen.”
Tony did not touch Steve’s erection, nor pull down his lacey thong like Steve had anticipated; the brunette moved away entirely, and Steve could not help but to make a desperate whimper.
Sitting by the tree with their mugs, they waited a little longer until J.A.R.V.I.S informed them that Tony wasn’t in the tower at all. Steve felt a dull ache fill within him, and he couldn’t help but think it was because of him. Why would Tony want to be around him now that he knew the truth about Steve’s affections. They began to exchange their gifts. Though Tony was absent, the genius still had all his gifts waiting under the tree with the rest of the team’s.
As always, thanks to my beta!
“Oh yeah? You’re painting a picture of me, right?” Tony jested, grabbing his own meal.
All because Pepper put that damn bug in his ear. Or rather, she revealed to him an aspect of his life he was oblivious to. Either way, Tony didn’t know what to do with this new information. It just didn’t make sense. For one, Steve was a guy, obviously. And Tony never found another male attractive or romantically interesting…well, until now. And for two, when did being great friends blur into romantic love and affection? If Tony’s life was a cartoon, there would be sparks flying from his head, representing his brain short-circuiting as he tried to understand what the fuck was going on with his life.
“I know that you love me, Tony,” she started then, grasping his other hand in hers while she also rested one hand on the man’s shoulder. “But not in a romantic, relationship way. I can’t help but feel that I’ll never have your whole heart.” Pepper began to sway gently form side to side, Tony following into rhythm. “There’s a piece of you that already belongs to someone else.”
Steve didn’t care if they slept in the Godforsaken woods. Just so long as Tony was right by his side.
“Never?” Tony asked, his voice sounding surprised. “Not even with Peggy?” Steve shook his head.
Without a word, Tony pulled one of the tails of the bow that held Steve wrists, releasing the confines and freeing the super soldier’s hands. The blonde looked to Tony, confused until the genius took each of Steve’s arms and placed them above his head. It was only when Tony took the ribbon and tied his boyfriend’s wrists to the headboard did recognition settle upon Steve’s handsome face. Tony then moved his love just a bit, till Steve was propped up on a few large pillows
Shit.
Tony couldn’t help but be apprehensive of this partnership with Arnim Zola and his superior, Johann Schmidt, whom was the founder of Hydra Energy. Something didn’t settle well with him. Why would an alternative energy company be interested in Stark weaponry and innovations?
“Happy Easter, Tony,” Steve said, smiling a toothy grin before pressing a kiss against the man’s prickly jaw.
“Good night, Tony,” Steve murmured as his eyes became rather heavy.
“I want you to be as comfortable as possible, baby,” Tony whispered, laying feathery touches along Steve’s sides as he spoke. “Let me hear your safeword one more time.”
“You like being fucked hard…like bouncing on my cock, don’t you, baby?” Tony said in a winded tone, his other hand trailing to one of Steve’s nipples. Steve replied with a needy moan, his hips jerking when the brunette pinched that rosy bud, pert and pebbled from the desire that trailed underneath his skin.
“Hello, Captain Rogers,” the brown eyed woman said in greeting.
“Fuck, Steve. I’m gonna die here if you keep this up,” Tony about whimpered as he sat up, causing Steve to as well.
“Thank you, for doing what you did earlier, Tony,” Steve said, shifting slightly on the table. “You saved my life.” Steve believed that from the bottom of his very being, that if Tony had not intervened when he did, Steve would have been wounded even further or killed.
But as the morning turned to midday, and midday turned to evening, Tony stark was restless, unable to find respite in anything.  Even as he tinkered in his chambers of the ship, his thoughts and curiosities falling back to the merman, his azure eyes perfectly captured in his memory.
The genius’s body was drawn taut like a bow string, until all at one his muscles relaxed, and he flopped back against the mattress with an unceremonious
"Tony," Steve started. "Are you okay?" The brunette waved him off and nodded.
Tony began to open his gift, smiling dotingly at Steve, who sat across the way near the fireplace. Removing the crisp, white paper, Tony revealed a small brown box. When he took the lid off, the genius saw a note on top of some tissue paper. The script was the same as was on the tag, and Tony quirked an intrigued brow at the note, which read:
Steve’s moans were coming in pants as he gave himself to Tony, cradling the man’s face and kissing him back heatedly. He was downright bouncing on Tony’s slick cock, wanting each buck of the genius’s hips to fill him up. Steve felt Tony’s hands back on his ass, gripping him tightly and angling Steve’s hips so that he could pound into his channel from a different position. And Steve was all too grateful for it too; Tony’s engorged penis was now brushing against his prostate with each thrust inside Steve.
“You’re a mess, Cap. Someone’s gotta clean you up,” Tony said off the cuff, pointing to the other puffed up corn pieces that littered Steve’s lap.
“Well, I figured we needed a little education on it,” he defended. “For me at least.” Steve obviously knew how sex worked, he didn’t live under a rock back in the 40s. He just wanted to be up to speed with all the terminology and such.
“The days you’re here working on art or what not,” Tony started, brushing his thumb over Steve’s knuckles. “Would you come back to the tower at night? I know you don’t see it as home, but… I really like having you close,” Tony admitted a little sheepishly.
Once the panties were off and discarded to the floor of their haven, Tony positioned a few throw pillows under Steve’s tummy, propping his behind up enticingly. The genius asked the super soldier to spread his legs a little more, and Steve obeyed without hesitation, splaying himself perfectly before his lover. The brunette gave him a small pat on the bum in gratitude before leaning to press an open mouth kiss to one of the other man’s cheeks.
Heading into his boyfriend’s bedroom, Tony still in his arms, kissing him gently, Steve laid them both on the luxurious cream colored comforter. The lights of the room turned on then, illuminating everything in a soft, warm glow. They giggled, kissing softly as Steve hovered over Tony, one hand holding the back of the brunette’s head, and Tony traced tender touches over the curvature of Steve’s solid biceps. Their embrace was warm and sweet while they kissed, the air in the room thickening the longer they went. Steve started to pant as he suckled at the deep pink pillows of Tony’s lips, nipping at the corners in between breaths.
“Are you kidding?” Tony said, laughing lightly. “I love when you are so compliant in my arms, beloved. You can be so uptight, especially right after a mission,” Tony explained. “I like how you let your walls down, trusting me with all your heart.” Tony then pressed a tender kiss to Steve’s brow, a hand splayed on the man’s lower belly.
"No thanks, buddy," Tony responded to the A.I. Though Tony had an internship program for prospecting students, this project was his own, and he didn’t want it in any other hands.
“I’m stubborn?” Steve said sharply, turning his head to look at Tony. He took a slow breath to ground himself. “I’m not the stubborn one who has too big of an ego to talk about what’s upsetting him,” Steve finally said, his voice obviously strained. “And I’m also not the one who has been ignoring everyone for over a month now, distancing himself from the people that care about him,” Steve added, unable to keep the hurt from his voice. He really didn’t want to confront Tony about how he’d been acting lately, but Steve couldn’t help it now, not when Tony thought he had the right to berate him for his actions.
Tony thinking that he just needed time to get over his and Pepper’s break up was the biggest understatement of the year.
Every so often he would get a glimpse of Steve, the man moving from one wall to the next, watching everything. Tony had wanted to go talk with him, to see if he was enjoying himself. But when his gaze would lock with the super soldier’s, Steve would turn away, almost shyly before taking a sip of the drink in his hand. Tony only assumed he wanted to be alone and ignored the pang in his chest. He and Steve were close friends, and there was a part of him that wanted to confide in the blonde about his crumbled relationship with Pepper. But Steve didn’t seem to want company, and so Tony kept his distance, jumping from group to group as the party progressed into the late evening.
No, it couldn’t be.
Unless…
You clutch a backpack to your chest. Stephen told you to collect some things in the bag and keep it close. It was clothes, water in a bottle, and some surgical level medical supplies. At first, you were worried about why you needed to be so well stocked with that, but he told you it was for someone else. Which only gave you a smidge of relief.
You and Steve can hear the sounds of fighting, guns, and blasters going off, but you ignore them, heading down around the fight and digging just a little until a series of tunnels come into view. You take a moment to steady the fear and adrenaline running through your body.
He begins a new sheet of paper, drawing up his own design, new parts keeping some of the old. He smiles, feeling a swell of pride for his father and this man Zola. They build something meant to last and it really did, considering Bucky’s had it twenty years. He’d love to get his hands on that arm, see what it looks like with wear and tear, what parts are still fully functional and what parts need to be replaced, tightened, or at the very least cleaned.
“I know.” He mutters. “But I’m not hungry.” He doesn’t want to think about food, much less eat it. He just wants to sit here. In his closed room. With the shades closed, lights on, where it’s safe and alone.
He doesn’t want them to leave.
Was guilt what had Tony so distant at first? So timid and shy almost?
About how you were bouncing your baby brother in your hands when your mother had called out your name. How you turned to see her fingers already missing, stretched reaching out for you. Then when you clutched your brother tighter and his body gave away with the wind.
“I gathered that from your earlier conversation.” he says, Tony nods. “Would you like me to look them up?”
“How is it settling? You are cutting yourself off for a dream! There are lots of people who can get over scars, and that arm isn’t as big as a deterrent as you think it is.”
“Not much.” He turns for the door before stopping. “Does Bucky know what happened? That you're here?”
“You just need to have faith.” Steve comments, Adam on his back, and making sure to hold Tony up ever since he started limping and clutching his side in pain.
That was four hours ago.
Bucky looks hard at Tony’s face, trying to analyze it. He’s sure Tony must be lying or something to be polite. But everything he’s saying seems genuine.
That's why you couldn’t remember your mother, why your little brother's face was unrecognizable. While you remembered Steve’s and Tony’s. Anyone you had loved, and grown emotionally attached to had been removed from your mind. The knowledge of them still there, but the feelings for them all gone. The reason you were healed without so much of a scar left behind. You would never be hurt again. You would never age, never hunger, never want. Inside you would always be emotionally numb. For as long as the Infinity Stones existed that would be your only purpose. Let the world think them destroyed so they wouldn’t come looking, and hide them away with yourself. For what might very well be the rest of eternity.
It’s whenever he’s not thinking, whenever he doesn’t measure the exact amount of force he’s throwing into a single movement. He’s broken countless cups, keyboards, and phones. But he’s not worried about things; he’s worried about people. There was a girl he was sweet on, she used to frequent the gym, and he’d finally asked her on a date. They went to the fair, rode a few rides, got some funnel cake, and he was walking her home that night. The plan was plain and simple, kiss her on the cheek and ask if she’d like to go out again sometime.
“Maybe a four, six when I move it.”
She responds, and your forehead creases in confusion as you look between her and Thanos.
The cost being this is the first time he’s been on American soil in two years. The cost being he hasn’t truly had a home or a real place to settle down because he was a fugitive. The cost being Tony Stark sitting right in front of his face saying they can’t be friends, when not two years ago Steve was thinking of it maybe being more.
What was he if he wasn’t any of those things?
I feel kind of nervous about this chapter, Steve and Tony meet, but I didn't want to make it all cakes and rainbows because they've got stuff to work through, but it ends on an okayish note-for them at least-.
“The Infinity Stones were strong. Maybe simply wanting to undo everything Thanos caused was enough.”
The rest of the group is stunned out of their fighting at the sight. Rocket the most. He’d seen what the space stone could do to a person if they touched it. The entire team had to share the burden of it just to last long enough to put it away. How you are not only holding one infinity stone but two, and seemingly having full control is baffling.
The offer took Tony by surprise. Despite it being the next obvious step to Tony not being able to walk himself, it still gave him pause. The only other options were Tony army crawling over or just going back to sleep right there on the floor, which he’s done before. It's not so bad. But Steve offering to carry Tony seemed like a stretch, something unexpected. Especially with the way Steve seemed to back away from any physical contact. Tony had assumed Steve just didn’t like it.
“There’s that can do spirit.” Tony stands, wincing slightly, favoring his side, using the counter to balance himself. Rejecting Steve’s silent offer to help. “We can’t fix this with willpower. We can’t fix it at all.”
“You’re lungs sounded alright, so there’s no cause for worry on my end, we’ll just skip any further examinations then.” He sits back on the stool. “Do you have any questions or concerns for me?”
“Call him? See if he’s okay?”
“Great.” Tony sagged into the firm padding beneath him, voice holding no joy or excitement. “I'm not sure if I'm ready to see him.”
“Sir, your health may be in jeopardy, I am unsure of what emotional trauma you may have ex-”
Maybe Steve isn’t that big a fan of physical touch.
“So, what should I do?”
Only he doesn’t have a nightlight.
“I'll tell him.”
“Your orders were very direct, yet vague at the same time.” He chuckles quietly.
He couldn’t have been recognized. He barely leaves, only for shopping, only at night, and he keeps his head down.
Her eyes widened in surprise to see it was Tony’s contact, nearly dropping the phone in her haste to answer.
Nebula leads you to the end of the tunnel, acting as guide and protector. Somehow, she could see in the darkness. The two of you arrive at another opening. Stepping out gives you a perfect view of the fight against Thanos. You’re there just in time to hear the Hulk roar loudly running over to the forcefield and pushing at it with all his might.
Tony shakes his head, playing the moment over again in his head. Peter, everyone. They all turned to ash. There’s no way they are still alive, that’s not how it works.
“They brought a raccoon?”
“He said to look in Wakanda.”
“Hey, it's going to be okay.” Stephen says, he's trying to comfort to too, and you shake your head.
“Bruce!” Steve snaps, standing up, pulling his phone out of his pocket, Tony nearly flinches with all the movement.
“Can I see?”
Thanos sat perched on a dusty hill, looking down at Titan. Using the reality stone to overlay it with an image of all it once was. He’d finally done it. Finally saved the world like he’d failed to save his. They’d hate him for a while. Everyone who’d lost their loved ones. They’d cry, mourn, even swear vengeance. In time they’ll see how right he was.
“I believe getting out of the apartment would do you good. Movement will help with your stiffness and stimulate muscle growth and blood flow.”
It’d turned and shot its tongue at Steve, although not expecting it, he was quick, stepping back, and catching the tongue in his hand regretting it as the pricks dug in and tore. Instead of letting go, or allowing himself to be pulled. He yanked hard.
You heard the voice earlier but you have yet to put a name to it. It’s a man, that much you can tell.
“No uh, it’s fine.” Tony waves his hand, quickly trying to think of something. “I’ve uh, got… insurance on the stuff.”
“You want me to steal it?”
He was so tired of good causes. Where was his good cause? All the money of Stark industries, and here he was, slumming it in some low down barely middle-class part of New York. For the lack of a better word, hiding. All it did was show who his real friends were. Only Pepper and Rhody cared. Everyone else just wanted to add more fuel to the fire and have their latest stock on gossip.
“Tony?”
“I-” Steve looked unsure. “Yeah. I mean, you don’t have other options.”
“And Steve can eat all of this by himself if he wanted to. You’ll be lucky if you get any of it.”
“Hello.” You smile up at the boy.
“Yeah… I was.” Steve nods, eyes darting around the kitchen to hide the redness that came from the sting of tears trying to surface.
“So, uh, who all… died?” He almost didn’t want to ask, but the need to know reigned supreme.
“Yeah.” Tony demonstrates with a little movement, bending it just slightly, but he winces. “It just hurts.”
The sounds of Natasha and Rocket’s gunshots disappear and fade out. There’s only the sound of water, you step back to realize everyone’s gone. No- you’re the one gone. This isn’t Titan anymore. You’re somewhere else. There’s a gazebo, in the middle of an ocean. An ocean you’re somehow standing on. You look around and stop when you see Thanos looking around also confused.
“What I don’t understand, is why you?” Tony says finally. You’d found Steve and the four of you began walking to Stark Tower, it wasn’t far, you could already see it in the distance when you look up. It’s taller than most of the other buildings around it.
“Oh god.” That’s all Steve was able to say, looking down at Bucky’s gun. That’s all that was left of him. Wakanda grows eerily silent. Maybe it’s the lack of people, or the mass grief lulling them all into a silence. Natasha lays a hand on his shoulder.
“So, you’re here to kill Thanos for what he’s done?”
“Lock the doors, J.” He whispers to the air. The three clicks locking into place give him some relief. He lays down on the carpeted floor. Thankful for its softness but knowing it’d make no real difference to him as exhausted as he is. He’s slept on his workbench regularly; the floor is an upgrade. “Also unmute. Sorry about that buddy.”
“Gamora?” Thanos calls in question. You remember the name. The voices said that she died before.
“I-” His heart rate began to pick up. “I went over to check on him, and he asked me to stay.” He shrugged his shoulders, feeling smaller.
“No, I didn’t.” Steve shakes his head, wondering how in all her reports, Natasha never brought that up. She probably thought it wasn’t important and knew it would only pour salt to the wound. She was intuitive like that.
“Yeah, it is!” Steve replied, his expression concentrated as he fought the fish underneath. He reeled it in slowly, letting the fish tire from the fight before reeling a little more. Tony watched as the taut line moved in random patterns as the fish tried to swim away. He thought for a second that the pole was going to snap as it bent practically in half from the force of the fish. Steve truly was strong, his biceps straining against his flannel as he brought the fish closer, but that fish had put up a damn good fight. It was then that the fish’s tail splashed to the surface, its body wiggling about before Steve finally reeled it all the way in, holding it up as it wriggled around.
“Where’s the gift I had for you in your room?” He asked, tilting his head expectantly.
He wasn’t going to deny that this was all unexpected, though Steve could admit that he wasn’t surprised. For as long as they’d been together, Steve and Tony hadn’t made love. They had been so busy as of late that they barely had time to talk and maybe kiss, let alone anything else. Also, Steve felt that both he and Tony were apprehensive about taking their relationship to the next level. It wasn’t that they didn’t want to, before things got too hectic, they’d shared enough heated kisses for Steve to know that both he and Tony reacted similarly to their touches. But the whole man on man romance was new for them both. And hell, sex in general was new to Steve.
“Central Park. It should be cold enough for the snow to stick. Plus, we are supposed to be getting a few inches tonight,” Tony said, heading for the dining room when he heard Clint yell that they wouldn’t be getting any cake. “C’mon, Cap, might as well get back into the fray.”
Steve, Happy Easter. Please wear this garment and bring your basket down to the lab.
Tony thrusted deeply into his love’s warm mouth until there was nothing within him left to spill. Steve, the champ that he was, enjoyed the brunette’s wild bucking, loving the fact that he was the reason Tony was a writhing, hot mess above him.
“And what would they do?” Tony asked.
“It is very different,” Tony agreed, taking hold of the large ring at the one end of the rubber strand. “That doesn’t mean I’m not up for the task,” he added, licking his lips and smiling mischievously. He saw Steve’s face, which had been etched with self-doubt, instantly light up like the North Star, his smile beaming, his blue eyes glistening gleefully. “I take it you’ve done your research on this particular toy?” Tony queried then, setting the now empty container on the one nightstand.
“O-oh, yes,” Tony whined out, eyes closing and head falling back as he allowed Steve to do what he pleased. Besides his full enjoyment of having his nipples played with and how Steve’s fingers plucked at the pert flesh, Tony loved watching his love’s one hundred percent focus and concentration on what he was doing. There was something amazing in the way the blonde explored and tried to make Tony fall apart beneath him. Of course, it never took Tony long to do just that. Within moments Tony was gasping louder and more quickly, the tingling in his nipples building with each tug from Steve’s hands.
They kissed messily, Steve tugging at the back of Tony’s damp hair, their orgasms upon them. Steve’s head fell against Tony’s shoulder, and he kneaded his teeth into it, his body on the right side of pain from being overstimulated. He wanted this though, wanted Tony to take all that he could of the blonde, pounding into Steve diligently, ravaging his loose, wet hole and claiming the man as Tony’s. The noises leaving Steve were spent sex sounds, his voice wrecked, body limp.
“You look great, Steve,” Natasha assured him, smoothing out his jacket lapels and adjusting his military decorations. “You know, Tony’s going to be there,” she added then, the one side of her mouth curving into a smirk as she looked at him.
Once he had Steve comfortably sitting on the plush, cushiony chair, Tony lifted his hand to press small, open-mouthed kisses to Steve’s knuckles. “I’m going to head back to the bathroom quickly. You just sit here and relax.” He gave a reassuring smile to his boyfriend before heading to the bathroom, leaving the door open.
Greeting the workers in the lobby, Steve took the private elevator up to the penthouse where Tony was supposed to be. Yet, when he arrived, he didn’t find Tony, but a trail of foil covered chocolate eggs. It was the Saturday before Easter, and though Tony wasn’t an advocate of religious holidays, Steve was. So, with a lot of enticing, Tony had agreed to Steve’s proposition of at least exchanging Easter baskets this year.
"Mabe so," Steve responded. "Soulmates were always something of legend to the mass population. And now, science is saying its highly probable. Who would have thought," Steve tossed the small towel over his shoulder then, hiding his mark. He didn’t want Tony to ask about that as well.
“Then you better hurry home, Tony.” Steve was sleepy, Tony was too. And so he wished his boyfriend goodnight. But before he could disconnect he heard Steve call his name.
. I was going to get out of your hair soon enough,” Steve finished, his voice cracking with emotion.
Through the fog of lust and bliss, Steve heard Tony moan softly, only to then place soft kisses along the super soldier’s neck, making a trail of kisses over to his one shoulder. All the while, the genius continued to caress his pectorals and nipples, driving that heated coil in Steve’s belly to wind even tighter. Reactively, Steve pushed his bum back against Tony’s hips, wanting and wishing the man could be inside him. Of course, Tony wouldn’t be able to for a while since the blow job Steve gave him had left him spent. Still, Steve’s body throbbed with need, to have Tony inside him in some way, shape or form.
“Well, during the greatest battle the warriors ever fought, Brayan was struck by an arrow when he blocked it from hitting Ferris, the tip lodging close to his heart. Running to his side, Ferris held his dearest friend as he bled out, the battle continuing around them.” Steve stopped then, chuckling. “I’m sorry, you probably have no interest in this.”
“I should have been there. I could have saved him,” Steve admitted, shrugging his defined shoulders and trying to hide the swell of emotion that stirred within his stomach.
“Do you think everything is alright?” Steve inquired, making sure his voice was even and not filled with concern.
“Tony, “ Nick Fury called as the genius opened the door to the hallway. His voice was softer than usual, and Tony looked back, shocked at the man’s almost pleading tone. Fury took a breath, itching at his brow.
He watched the blonde wipe down his torso with the shirt when excess oil had seeped through the fabric and onto his skin. Steve was talking, but Tony didn’t hear him, his eyes pinned on the man’s pectorals. Tony wondered how different they would feel from a female’s, the muscles firm under taut skin and so enticing to caress. Tony’s gaze lingered upon Steve’s nipples then. They were petal pink, and so perky. Tony had this roiling desire to pluck and toy with them with his fingers. He wondered how they’d feel, pebbled and hard as he touched them, wondered how fast they would redden from all his teasing…
He brushed a hand through Tony’s dark, satiny hair, as he admired the small laugh lines that formed around the brunette’s glistening eyes as he smiled sweetly. “Will you accept this art studio and apartment, then?” Tony whispered, his voice dulcet. “Come here whenever your creative juices are flowing, or you need to get away. You really deserve this.” Tony took a step back, walking over to the nook area where a lush blue couch sat next to a mini fridge and coffee station. “And if you need a coffee break, you can put your feet up and relax,” the genius offered. “I thought that maybe I could come and even visit while you work sometimes, turn the tables for once,” Tony laughed.
Steve’s mind and body were drained, that third orgasm wringing all the energy that remained out of him. Clearly not thinking about anything in depth, the super soldier didn’t realize his love hadn’t come yet until Tony moved a little inside of him.
“That’s alright. Steve, look at me,” Tony said softly, cupping the blonde’s defined jaw and moving it up, making Steve look up at him. “It doesn’t bother me, you know.”
Slowly, the rest of the crew had found their way down, Bruce quietly helping make plates for everyone as Steve flipped the last few pancakes. Thor made up for Bruce’s soft nature with boisterous tales of battle while he poured coffee into mismatched mugs.
The last of twilight fell over the vast expansion of the Atlantic Ocean, the stars fading into the velvety sky. They sparkled and shimmered, their light flickering in the glow of the moon, reflecting on the water beneath like gentle kisses.
All of Tony’s sounds and features as he witnessed joy and satisfaction caused Steve to climax as well. His seed spilled from his swelled, reddened length, the relief of coming washing over him. The blonde was too captivated by Tony’s expression to care about that though, as his love’s mouth formed in a perfect ‘o’, his moans almost silent at the reprieve he felt from that disentanglement of need and desire.
Steve did just that. Tony helped him keep his balance, arms tight around Steve’s back. Steve watched the brunette, eyes never wavering as he drifted one hand down to his erection, the other playing with the pebbled peak of a nipple. Steve let out sounds that were absolutely obscene. Tony was pretty sure he could put porn stars to shame. Steve touching himself was fucking heaven too, watching the man work himself up by his own touches was wonderfully erotic.
Tony didn’t notice the sincere blush that bloomed upon the sea creature’s cheeks and neck as the brunette observed him in wonderment.
“Oh,” Tony said, thinking about how handsome Steve looked in his button down and dress pants while they were eating dinner at his favorite restaurant. It was the first date they’d gone on in a while, though nobody else could know it was a date; they hadn’t gone public about it besides to their fellow teammates. Still, now knowing what Steve had underneath his trousers, Tony couldn’t help but feel heat flood his belly.
Tony grumbled happily in agreement. The genius knew that whatever Steve wanted of him, he would more than likely oblige him without a second thought. He gave Steve a quick kiss before he slipped his fingers down the cleft of the blonde’s ass till the pad of his middle finger touched the super soldier’s entrance. A shiver leeched down the length of Steve’s spine at the warmth of Tony’s touch, and the need to have the brunette inside of him.
, Tony," Bruce demanded. Tony paused and took a deep breath.
“What?" Steve asked, wide eyed before looking to Tony. “I thought you told J.A.R.V.I.S two rooms.”
“God yes,” Tony replied, opening his eyes finally and looking at Steve. “It’ll feel even better when it’s in that juicy ass of yours instead of your hand,” Tony lightly challenged, playing with Steve’s behind, massaging those plump cheeks of the super soldier. He kneaded his fingers into the warm peachy skin, giving him a little love smack, causing Steve to hum in approval.
Thor had also introduced him to Sif and the Warriors Three, who were just as merry as Thor. When Steve met them, he went to shake their hands, only to be grabbed up into a giant group hug. It took him a few minutes to get his lungs functioning properly afterwards.
They held one another in that shrouded haven after, the sweat cooling on their skin, their release that sprinkled their bodies a result of both desire and loving affection. Tony held Steve close, and in turn Steve rested his head on Tony's chest, pressing a lazy kiss to the glowing arc reactor. He traced his hand over the one sinewy bicep of his soulmate, breathing easy.
Tony thinking that he just needed time to get over his and Pepper’s break up was the biggest understatement of the year. He also needed a killer cry session. The pain and heartache that had settled within him was almost crippling the morning after the party, the reality of the situation hitting him tenfold. It all just hurt so much. There was a part of him that kept denying it actually happened, that soon enough Pepper would walk back into his penthouse at any moment, her pearly smile glistening, her laughter like a lovebird’s song, filling the rooms. Tony only drank himself into a stupor the day after she ended things, which was pretty impressive in his opinion.
“Steve? You okay?” Tony asked, moving to the side when Steve pushed himself from beneath the car. Tony saw it then; Steve was covered in oil. His one cheek had the filmy dark liquid splattered on it, and his tight navy shirt was absolutely ruined.
Steve braced his hands on Tony’s chest, the burning sensation from being opened up causing him to dig his nails into the brunette’s skin. He felt Tony’s hands move from the cut lines of his hips to his ass, the man’s fingers spreading his cheeks as Steve was finally penetrated fully, his bum nestled against Tony’s testicles. He shuddered from the feeling of it, his body adjusting to Tony being inside him.
He made it to Tony’s floor a moment later, and when he opened the man’s bedroom door, Steve didn’t find Tony in his bed, nor did he hear the shower or faucet running. So, where was the genius?
As he drew Steve began to think back to the vision at the museum and the men, Stephanos and Antonius, and the super soldier decided to sketch them from his memory.
“Directory Fury is on the line, demanding that he speak to you presently.”
“Like that, Steve?” Tony grunted, picking up his speed some as he rammed harder into his lover. “Like being fucked?” Tony said, voice gruff. Steve moaned at the man’s dirty words.
"Brucie, I need to ask you something" Tony said out of nowhere one day as the two men worked in their community lab.
“Really, I’ve slept on the cold dead earth in the war. The couch will still be like a cloud. Plus, sometimes I am rather restless and move a lot,” Steve admitted. “I don’t want to disturb you if I was in the bed as well.” Sometimes Steve had nightmares of Bucky falling from that train, or of himself going down in the plane. And even more recent missions, like of Tony falling out of the portal during the Chitauri attack.
“Now now,” Tony cut him off, having his bandaged hand. I highly doubt you have had any intention to be harpooned in the hip and taken captive from your fellow merfolk,” Tony explained, giving the sea creature a shrug. “I just want to make sure you are healthy enough to swim back to your pod and not become victim to a hungry shark,” Tony smirked. “Or a leviathan,” he joked, referencing another folklore beast.  The inventor moved away from Steve then to walk around the small room.
“Yes, uhn, To-Tony,” Steve rushed looking at the man’s hands play with his chest, the nails of his thumbs scraping against the reddening peaks there. It only took a few more solid thrusts of Tony’s thick cock brushing his prostate, and the explicit scene of Tony touching his nipples that brought Steve over the edge for a second time that day. He came hard, his come shooting out all over Tony’s torso, up his chest and even some sprinkling on his arc reactor.
“D-don’t you even think about it, Stark,” Steve warned breathily, trying to sound authoritative, but failing miserably.
“Hmm, yeah I would have to say so,” Steve replied, eyeing the man once more.  “Though, why did we exchange baskets the day before the actual holiday?”
“I think that would be a great idea, actually. Though you know the minute we plan a vacation we will be sent on a mission,” Steve chuckled, wrapping his arms around Tony when the genius returned to him. Tony just shook his head and smirked, knowing Steve was absolutely right. Steve felt Tony’s hands find their way back to his ass, caressing it in large circular motions through the thin fabric. He was always sensitive back there. Tony knew that and always indulged him with his rough calloused hands, causing Steve’s skin to raise with goosebumps.
“Good. Fuck, Steve your perfect. Keep going,” Tony bit out as he felt that heated coil in his belly wind up tighter. He dropped his other hand down between his legs, playing with his own balls before massaging his hole. He had no lube, and he really didn’t want to use spit. But his rim was sensitive as all hell, so this would just have to do.
Steve needed a moment to breathe, to come back down to earth after that incredible climax. He wanted to be in a semi clear headspace when he cleaned Tony up with his tongue. Opening his eyes, he found Tony staring at him with fondness, stroking his hair affectionately. “You okay, Steve?” He asked, a hint of concern lacing his voice. Steve only smiled, closing his eyes and nodding bashfully.
“Oh.” Tony looked away then, pursing his lips together and pretending to be interested in the information on one of the cleaning solution boxes.
“Me too, babe. Me too,” Tony said, his voice filled with bliss. He slowly pulled his finger free from Steve’s backside and wrapped his arms around the man’s broad back. “You aren’t the luckiest guy in the world,” Tony started, referring to Steve’s earlier statement. “
Reminding himself to concentrate again, Tony leaned down and licked a stripe down Steve’s rump, biting and pulling at the firm, springy flesh with his teeth. Steve’s sudden gasps and sighs sounded so pure and sweet to the brunette. The genius pushed Steve’s thighs apart even more so, spreading him wider and revealing his entrance, the muscle clenching wantonly.
“Steve, you alright?” He heard Tony ask then. “You look like you’re in pain.” Steve was staring blankly at the screen as he focused on his body’s reactions. He turned to see how Tony was looking up at him from where his head had been resting on Steve’s shoulder, his brown eyes liquid pools as the light from the TV screen reflected in them. Steve could see the concern written on his boyfriend’s expression. “What’s wrong, hon?”
“Please…what?” Tony inquired cheekily, holding Steve off a bit longer.
It was the clearing of Steve’s throat that finally pulled Tony’s eyes away from his loins, looking back to Steve’s blue eyes, his pupils fully dilated.  “Are you just gonna leave me hanging here naked? Or are you gonna get undressed too?” Steve asked, and Tony could detect the hint of worry in his boyfriend’s voice. Quickly he worked his way out of shirt, the arc reactor glowing a cold blue in the warm lit hotel suite. He saw Steve smile widely then, his cock twitching in excitement. Tony was pretty sure he could have come right then and there just by looking at the blonde.
Setting the bottle aside, Steve leaned back so that his hole was once again able to be seen in the camera. Steve looked hesitant a moment, as if reconsidering what he wanted to do.
“Tony,” the blonde breathed, his voice only a hint of its usual deep resonance.
Steve smiled and did grabby hands at the brunette until he obliged, climbing into bed and working his way up to the blonde with a predator’s gaze. He scooped Steve into his arms, laying them both on their sides as they held each other close.
The room was silent for a while, nothing but their regulating breaths filled the space as Tony flopped down next to Steve on the comforter. He felt like he had just worked out for three hours…underwater. He felt Steve wrap an arm around him, cuddling close.
“That was honestly a great event,” Steve commented, smiling lightly and slipping his hands into his dark navy wool coat.
As the weeks go by, Tony realizes that Pepper, like always, is right.
“T-Tony,” the blonde whimpered, eyes fluttering as Tony bit a love mark into his one pectoral, next to the hyper sensitive nipple.
“You gonna prove me wrong?” He asked, looking at Tony who had followed him up the bed to kneel between Steve’s open legs. Tony admired how the man’s leaking head peaked over the waistband of the panties. Lifting one of his love’s legs, Tony placed kissed along the inside flesh from knee to inner thigh, hearing Steve hum in enjoyment.
to it,” Tony said, only to laugh loudly at his own pun, his eye brows furrowing and eyes shutting tightly. Steve rolled his eyes, laughing too as he embraced the genius in his arms and squeezed him lovingly.
“Mister Stark,” Steve interjected then, concern swelling in his chest. By the way Tony was speaking, it made things sound as if Steve would be on this boat permanently, and that could not happen. “I really must return to my pod. They will wonder where I have gone,” Steve explained, feeling a raspy scratch wrack inside his lungs.
“No you didn’t,” Tony remarked, still glaring daggers at the blonde. Steve turned his body away from Tony then, hitting the button so that the elevator would continue its ascension to his floor. “So you’re gonna ignore me now?” Tony asked bitterly.
After Tony awoke from the surgery and recovered, the brunette tweaked the device that Yensin made, so that instead of it being a magnet keeping him alive, it was an arc reactor, something that his father, Howard had designed and Tony perfected.
Steve felt his chest tighten, elated butterflies breaking forth and fluttering within his belly, so much so that he felt like he could not breathe. The blonde beamed, his smile so big and filled with joy as he held his hand out, offering his finger to his love before speaking.
“Oh, hi Tony,” Steve greeted him, an excited smile crossing his face. Tony noticed the man holding some paperwork when he took a step out of the elevator car.
There was a pause as Tony thought about that. “Oh,” he said intelligently.
“I think so,” Tony replied, squinting at it.
Steve smiled and leaned down to capture the man’s lips gently. “I love you, Tony,” he sing-songed against the genius’s mouth, giving him another quick kiss before pulling back.
Steve was lost in his thoughts, still standing at the counter in the kitchen of Avengers’ Tower. He shook his head and grabbed his coffee and walked to the living area where multiple sofas and recliner chairs were positioned around a gigantic flat screen TV.
“Oh,” Steve said, looking down and picking up the forgotten kernels. Tony’s eyes might have been fooling him in the dark living room, but there looked to be a tint on Steve’s cheeks as well as a look of disappointment. He caught Natasha looking at them, a small smirk on her lips, an eyebrow arched. Tony just looked at her briefly, attempting to act casual. But on the inside, his heart was pounding, as the subdued revelation of his romantic feelings for Steve dropped in his lap like a metal weight.
tell him that, Steve,” Tony replied calmly. “That’s alright. We will obviously just bunk together.”
“What?!” Both Steve and Sharon shouted, voices shrill. Tony stopped talking then, looking at the girl as she side stepped away from Steve a few feet, clearly weirded out.
“Yeah, actually,” Steve admitted, appreciating their smooth texture on his skin. “But I think you like me partially clothed while you fuck me,” he added, using a bit of dirty language because he knew Tony liked to hear it.
Either way, Tony should have looked away right after. Instead, he watched Steve walk to grab his belongings, the brunette’s eyes taking in the plush curve of his bum underneath that too small of a towel, wet and drawn taut around his hips.
“I-I-Wow,” Tony finally stuttered out, unconsciously liking his lips while his eyes skirted up and down Steve’s body, taking in the glistening muscles and silky lingerie. Steve smiled widely, sighing in relief. He turned around slowly, giving Tony the full 360 view before taking a few steps forward until his bare knees brushed against Tony’s clothed ones.
But the fates, or whoever it was, apparently enjoyed torturing him. Because when Tony had been sleeping in the same spot for too long, and he groggily tried to turn over, it was then that he felt a warmth along the one side of his body. Tony opened his eyes, looking down to see Steve, his head resting partially on Tony’s chest, fast asleep. He was at first confused, because Steve was originally sleeping on the couch. But Tony remembered how he made it perfectly clear that Steve was more than welcome to sleep in the bed as well. Tony assumed that the bed might help the soldier sleep more soundly.
“I’m pretty sure I’ve only seen one of those movies,” Steve said, looking up at the ceiling as he thought about it.”
Steve ate the salty white come off Tony’s chest, his tongue coursing over a dark nipple, biting it teasingly before continuing on. A trickle of come was dripping down the side of Tony’s chest, and Steve made quick work of drinking it up before it found its way to the comforter below.
Once he composed himself, Steve grabbed up his basket and headed to the floor right below the penthouse (his floor), to get his Easter basket for Tony. He put it together quickly before heading back to the elevator, asking J.A.R.V.I.S to make it so that nobody would be able to get onto the elevator while he was inside. His and Tony’s relationship wasn’t secret, their fellow Avenger’s knew, but nobody besides Tony obviously knew of Steve’s appreciation of wearing lingerie. Steve intended for it to stay that way.
“Anytime, Steve. I don’t know where you two boys would be without me,” she smirked before turning on the TV. “Mind some company?” Steve just chuckled. She really did know him well.  He had the tendency to be a little cowardly with Tony sometimes. Not that he was intimidating. But Steve knew Tony needed his time alone once and while, especially if he was having a surge of genius down in his workshop. He didn’t want to seem needy by calling and texting. He was afraid he would end up pushing Tony away.
“I’m almost done with the paperwork from the mission yesterday,” Steve started. His stomach grumbled then and he paused, looking up at Tony who was holding back his smile. Tony cracked first though, one eyebrow quirking up as he laughed. Steve giggled too, his cheeks going red from embarrassment before getting up. “breakfast?” He offered.
“I told you, Tony.” She sounded tired, her body void of energy. “I wanted to figure it out. Wanted to do all that I could to see what it was that I could do differently. But in the end…” The woman took a breath. “I just can’t do this anymore.” Tony looked down, emotion washing over him like a tide crashing against the sand.
After settling into Avengers tower, Natasha, Sam and Steve had time on their hands since S.H.I.E.L.D fell. So, the three friends went to a museum in New York. It wasn’t huge like the Metropolitan Museum of Art, but a quainter museum with less foot traffic. Steve was rather excited to browse the museum, Natasha said they had a wonderful art collection, and the super soldier missed his art history classes from school.
“No,” Steve simply said, sluggishly standing and pulling Tony up with him. “I’m thanking you for being you, the most loving, selfless and considerate man I have ever known.” Steve cupped Tony’s jaw, lightly dragging his thumb over his scruffy chin. Steve was thanking him for so much more than that, he just didn’t know how to say it. Tony was the best thing to come into his life, and he treated Steve with so much respect, love and belief, even when Steve was so unsure of himself.
“Hi, Tony,” Steve said when they connected, a beautiful pearly smile on his face. Tony really wasn’t ready for the bomb he assumed Steve was gonna drop on him.
“God, you’re so damn hot, Steve. Can I fuck you now? I’m about to explode” Tony asked, his voice strangled.
“Never in a million years, Cap,” he said honestly. “But I’ve never been happier and eager about it,” he added, flicking his eyes down to Steve’s lips. He pulled Steve closer and pressed his lips to the blonde’s once more, drinking the man in like a parched man finding water. Feeling Tony’s mouth on his, the man’s rough hands caressing small circles in his lower back, and his facial hair scratching at his chin all felt just so good. Steve likened it to the feeling of falling asleep after a long grueling day. Kissing Tony was like looking at an old picture book, reminiscing on memories past. Loving Tony was feeling safe and protected, like a shroud that allowed Steve to finally let down his walls, where he could be vulnerable. With Tony, as his tongue sought entrance into Steve’s mouth and as he held him closely, Steve could simply be himself.
He pulled Steve flush against his chest when he saw him hunching in on himself. With Steve resting against him, there were no shadows to inhibit the blonde’s view of himself. Tony traced his hands back over Steve’s chest, toying with the super soldier’s petal pink nipples. Tony just loved Steve’s chest and how muscular it was. The man’s nipples were like blushing buds, perfect for Tony’s fingers to pluck at. Tony looked at the reflection of his hands massaging the pebbled skin on his love’s chest, seeing how the fair skin around them were reddening slightly. He looked up to see Steve who was breathing heavily, moaning every once and a while when Tony scraped a finger nail over the nipple peaks.
"Tony," Steve began to speak once more. "It's nice to meet you, but umm, why'd Fury send you here?" The super soldier asked, clearly confused. Tony turned to face him then, their gaze locking together. Strange as it was, Steve felt a peculiar sense of familiarity with the brunette... as if they met before. The blonde could only assume it was because Tony was so much like his dad.
With an arm wrapped around Steve’s back, his fingers digging into his creamy skin, Tony took hold of the blonde’s chin, lifting it so that he could kiss the man heatedly, pushing back until Steve fell in against the mattress.
With everything seemingly in place, Tony fluffed up the pillows and lush blankets he’d spread out for him and Steve’s cuddling later. And if Steve was in the mood for more, Tony would most certainly not complain. He even brought a lube bottle up…it never hurt to be prepared.
Tony huffed a breath, lifting his gaze to the fellow scientist.
“God, I love you, Tony,” Steve whispered, brushing his cheek along Tony’s, Steve’s hint of golden stubble scratching against the genius’s own facial hair.
Tony flipped thorough a few more channels until something caught his eye. The NEWS anchor spoke of some possible new discovery, and Tony read the banner beneath her frame that read
One side of the genius’s lips curled up before handing the item to Steve. “You know what this is, love?”
“Your generosity and kindness are much appreciated,” the sea creature said, gently placing his hand over his heart. “I am forever in your debt.” Steve truly meant that. The horrors he had known about humans, had been backed by the storied taught to him as a merbaby, and when Bucky was taken. But Tony was a ray of light that shown upon him and his belief on humanity. He brought warmth to Steve and the hope that one day merfolk and humans would be able to amicably coexist once more.
Steve woke up to a low-lit room, the sunset shining through the one circular window in the small space. He went to sit up, only for a wave of nausea and dizziness to wash over him. He groaned from the feeling, as well as the immense pain that blossomed in his skull. He laid back down with a thud, his hand gingerly touching the area where Obadiah struck him. Steve closed his eyes, breathing in slowly to stave off the uneasy feeling in his stomach. The merman sighed in frustration at the predicament he was in.
Tony had to admit, the man had charm. He wondered how he wasn’t scooped up yet by some lovely lady. It didn’t really matter, he supposed; Steve didn’t seem to be looking for anyone at the moment anyways.
Slowly they fell to the mattress, kissing tiredly, Tony’s softening penis still inside Steve. He wasn’t ready to lose that contact with the brunette just yet, and so Steve didn’t pull away. He traced random patterns along Tony’s back, pulling away from the man’s lips to take some deeper breaths.
“You can’t just assume things, Tones,” he replied.
“Are you kidding?” Tony scoffed.
“Will you wear a pair of your new panties under your dress pants if I do?” The genius asked, voice low. One side of the blonde’s mouth curved up, eyeing the brunette a minute before draping the silk teddy romper over the couch.
“I hope it’s a cake big enough to feed an army,” Steve murmured, tilting his face to look at Tony once more. He was dressed in a long black shirt, the sleeves pushed up to his elbows, revealing strong forearms. His dark hair was just a tad bit disheveled, and a spicy sandalwood cologne drifted from Tony’s tawny skin to Steve’s nose, the aroma riveting. Steve would never get over how handsome Tony was. That brought Steve to think again about the lucky lady the genius had his sights on now. He inwardly sighed.
But he missed Brooklyn, missed that sense of home. And hell, maybe Tony would want him gone now that he knew how Steve really felt for him. He guessed he couldn’t blame the man, but Steve had to be honest with him, just like Natasha had said. Granted, he wanted to reveal his feelings with less anger and frustration, but Tony’s actions and words were out in left field. He had been shocked that the genius believed it was Sharon he was interested in. Steve was pretty sure he was acting platonic with the woman. But clearly Sharon was just as confused as him. He needed to talk with her soon and explain himself, or at least explain that Tony was speaking out of his ass.
Steve smiled as he watched his fellow Avengers, his friends, as they made their way into the communal living room. He sighed in content, thinking how the only thing that could make him more blissful was having Tony here. Ah well, he would be back soon enough.
. His vision was fuzzy, white specks of ecstasy and pleasure dancing across his sight for a minute.
“Mister Stark,” Steve called, and Tony turned to look at him, his wrapped hand on the door frame. Steve eyed him a moment, not sure what he wanted to tell the compassionate man.
“I may have come, but I’ve got another one in me somewhere…might just be a moment for it make its grand entrance,” Tony smirked. Steve gave his love a quizzical look. Tony would only orgasm once during their love making. Usually it was Steve who had an impressive refractory speed. It thrilled the blonde though, being able to see the brunette come a second time in a day was icing on the cake of their already magical moment.
“Pardon?” Steve asked, an eyebrow arched.
“I think that’s a fantastic idea,” Tony concurred, a playful glint in his eyes.
For a split-second Steve turned to go inside the exhibit before catching himself. He’d been there many times, watching the same reels of old footage, with him and Bucky smiling together, or Peggy telling the stories of the Howling Commandoes. In the modern world, Steve found solace and ease in that space of the museum. it was nostalgic, something he knew. Something that made him feel less alone. Steve hesitated, tempted to revisit it and ground himself again. but Steve kept walking, reassuring himself that his life in the present was equally as important as the on some seventy years ago.
Thinkin’ about her under your bed sheets
The movie was long forgotten at this point, and when Tony said, “mute,” the sound vanished, leaving nothing but the men’s sultry sighs. Tony pulled away and asked Steve if this was still alright. Steve answered him by grabbing a handful of the brunette’s shirt and pulling him back for another breathless kiss.
He’d only made it through half of the space when he entered a large, spacious room, practically knocking him off his feet. It was an art studio, bigger than anything he’d ever dreamed. A whole wall was nothing but glass French windows, giving a cottage like feel to the modern apartment. It would let in a wonderful amount of natural light during the day time, though now it let in the beautiful rays of the moon and stars. An easel was placed in front of the window, a large canvas resting upon it.
Ignoring the leaking erection in his own trousers, Tony delved back into his boyfriend’s space, licking the flat of his tongue up Steve’s perineum and over his hole. He slid half a finger into the blonde’s entrance and kneaded the sensitive walls of his channel, all while sucking Steve’s rim with his pink lips.
“I must be out of my mind,” Tony murmured, scratching at the back of his neck before stuffing the super soldier’s file into his jacket pocket. “Where can I find him,” Tony finally asked, relenting to Fury’s favor. Fury told Tony the address of where they had placed Steve, in a S.H.I.E.L.D run apartment complex.
Steve was taken aback when he saw Tony Stark standing on the opposite side of the threshold, a pair of sunglasses on, hiding his eyes. Steve quickly wondered why he would have sunglasses inside a building before more importantly wondering why the man was at his door.
So, after he made himself breakfast, Steve did his normal routine of research and paperwork for the Avengers, getting any legalities in order with Maria and what not. As he headed up from the main floor of Avengers Tower, needing a few papers sent out to Fury, Steve wondered where Tony had been all day. Even on days the genius worked in his lab, he would at least pop up to grab a snack or to clear his head by taking to the sky in his Iron Man suit.
With one last kiss, Tony nosed his way down Steve’s body until he kneeled off the bed, grabbing Steve’s legs and pulling him to the edge of the bed. There was a part of him that couldn’t believe this was actually happening. But when the blonde sat up, only to see Tony kneeling on the floor looking up at him with a devilish smile, it all brought Steve back to the present.
Once he reached the very top of the underbust corset, Tony sat Steve up, unlatching the hook and eye fastenings at the front of the garment as was usually seen in traditional corsets. Tony allowed for the lingerie to simply fall away once the last hook was undone, leaving Steve in nothing but the panties he wore, and the ribbon around his wrists. Steve’s newly exposed skin tingled as the cool air hit it, sending goosebumps blooming all over him. The blonde also knew he was reacting to Tony’s wandering eye, which took in every inch of recently revealed skin and muscle.
“Too bad you can’t stay and cuddle with me though,” Steve said.
He spent his time in his workshop, using the couch he had down there to sleep on, as well as random snacks he had lying around. Also, his precious coffee maker was ever so loyal to him. Tony did everything he could to distract himself from the world around him, going so far as to limit Steve’s access to his lab. It hurt him to do it though, missing how the guy would hang out to draw and such. But Tony truly needed the space from him for a little while, until he sorted through his damn emotions. Pepper’s words had implanted in his brain, burrowing deep and taking roots there.
“I thought I could come down here and keep you company while you worked on whatever it is you’re doing,” Steve started, his voice perky, his blue eyes big. And Tony felt the dreaded butterflies break out of their cocoons and fill his gut.
“Love you too, baby. You’re perfect, Steve,” Tony whispered, hands lifting Steve’s pretty jaw so that he could look at Tony. He let his hands then roam over the blonde’s body, teasing the man’s hardened nipples and feeling every dip in his chiseled abs. “But, even if you were still the way you were before Project Rebirth, I would still love you fully,” Tony said, catching Steve’s eyes. “Cause of this,” he added, pressing a rough hand against Steve’s chest, feeling his strong heartbeat thrumming underneath. “I hope you know that.”
“I will,” he smiled, and with that, they’d said their goodbyes. Looking at his sketch once more, Steve huffed a breath. That last lead had seemed so promising. And yet, they ended up dry.
Steve still held on to Tony’s chest, shifting down to meet his boyfriend’s thrusts. He moaned dirtily, spurring Tony on, wanting the genius to take all that he wanted from Steve. His blue eyes were half-lidded, watching Tony’s facial expression as he got closer to release. Each stroke inside his tight channel left Steve reeling, the walls of his entrance becoming even more sensitive. “Ehn, Tony,” Steve said, his head falling back.
He gave Tony credit, the man keeping his cool as Steve bit at his shoulder through his shirt. But it was when Steve’s one hand traveled over Tony’s firm chest and reactor while the other hand palmed his groin that caused Tony to hitch a breath, his voice strained as he tried to answer the man on the phone. Steve did his best to stifle his chuckle, burying his face further into Tony’s shoulder.
When Tony came, so did Steve, their moans hitting a crescendo as they peaked together in physical, emotional, and mental euphoric bliss. Steve pawed at Tony’s back, his mouth agape against the brunette’s neck as the waves of his orgasm simmered. Tony was heaving too, his chest flush with Steve’s, his arms shaking until he lowered them so that he laid unrestrained on his love.
“Fair enough,” Tony said before pulling Steve close, his chest against the super soldier’s back. Steve breathed lightly, feeling fully content.
He went about the rest of the day as well as the next two days trying to keep himself busy, so that he wasn’t left daydreaming about Tony and his charming smile. By the third day without getting a glimpse of the genius, Steve became genuinely worried, though. When he saw Bruce walking out of the communal kitchen, he had to stop the man.
“Eh, fine. I’d rather not talk about them though, Steve,” Tony said, waving a hand. He was trying to desensitize himself from the situation, preparing himself for the worst.
“Thanks,” Tony murmured, wrapping an arm around Steve’s waist, his fingers brushing along the sheer, delicate fabric there.
"Not dead so, I feel like that's a good sign," Steve tried to joke, though it was clear how much of an effort it was for him.
“Soon,” was all Tony responded with while shifting his weight a bit. He could tell Steve was on the cusp of his second orgasm. The way Steve bit his lip and how his nose scrunched up was evidence enough that the blonde would be done for any minute.
It was then, when Tony sucked at the wet pink rim before abruptly plunging a finger into Steve’s entrance that the blonde came, spilling his seed into his hand as he pumped himself dry, his other hand twisting into the sheets so hard that they tore. He fell in against the mattress, not caring about the wet sticky mess that would coat his belly. Nothing mattered in that moment besides the bliss that swam through his veins.
-Tony
“Hey now, it was very well made,” Tony said defensively. “It was much better built than the squirt who made a Captain America snowman.
With Steve, Tony was home. And now he and Steve would be able to make a loving, sweet home that was all their own.
“Stevie,” Tony replied, biting at the super soldier’s shoulder.
Tony fell asleep one night, after three nights of insomnia to find himself in a vivid realm that seemed to be tangible and real.
“I was,” Tony started, pressing a soft kiss to the back Steve’s neck. “But since it’s my company, I can basically do whatever I want, right?” he finished, resting his chin on Steve’s shoulder the best he could.
“Ready for a mid-morning nap?” Steve joked, his one leg slipping between the brunette’s. he figured Tony was jet lagged and exhausted from traveling, as well as the trip itself.
“Eager, huh?” Tony observed, a chuckle on his lips as he scissored Steve open slowly, enough for Steve’s head to slump down on the lush pillows, feeling all that Tony was giving him. The brunette hooked his fingers deep within Steve, igniting a strangled cry as he brushed Steve’s prostate over and over. The super soldier was writhing underneath him, and Tony could see his balls tight. Reaching around and lifting Steve’s hips, Tony grabbed onto the man’s penis, pinching it at the base so that Steve didn’t come just yet. Steve choked out a sob, the pressure overwhelming.
The genius sat on his old couch in the lab, screw driver in hand as he twirled it aimlessly in his palms. He wasn’t thinking about anything in particular, just the solitude and low whirring that surrounded him. Tony grabbed the remote and turned on the large flat screen that perched on the wall in front of him. He flipped to a main NEWS channel, needing a distraction from the lonely silence that began to eat at him. The brunette wasn’t overly interested in the weather, or whatever sports team was in the play-offs. What sport season were they in now anyways? Hockey? Baseball?
Thor was probably the most joyous. Once he had the scepter, he would be able to go back to Asgard and have it deciphered there. The demigod’s voice boomed through the communal area, his laughter deep and hearty, causing even the saddest heart to lighten. He introduced Steve to his love, Jane, a very kind woman with a kind smile, along with her intern Darcy. She had given him a wave, followed by “Sup?” before she had disappeared shortly after to the food table.
“I-I’m sorry,” Rhodey said, coughing while Tony grimaced and wiped his face with a napkin. “Did you say Steve? Steve Rogers?”
Steve’s chest swirled with anticipation. Yeah, he was a little nervous too, like with any new experience. But he was with Tony, and knew that everything would be alright. It was that thought that gave him an overall calm.
“That might be,” Tony replied, leaning in and mouthing at Steve’s hard length underneath the fabric, Steve’s surprised gasp spurring him on. “But I do know how amazing they feel. Think I can give it a go,” he murmured before kissing the head of his boyfriend’s arousal.
“Of course,” Tony heard Steve reply, smiling easily at the dark-haired man who then beamed, absolutely elated that Steve would allow himself to be bound. “Wanna see me writhing under you, baby?” Steve asked, licking his lip unconsciously while looking at Tony from beneath his thick lashes. “You like how I am submissive only to you?” Steve, with his tied wrists, took one of Tony’s hands and brought it to his lips, kissing the rough palm a moment. Tony hummed in sweet bliss as Steve kissed gently at his palm, only to hitch a breath when he saw Steve slide one of the genius’s fingers into the warm heat of his mouth. Tony, hypnotized by the naughty sight, watched as Steve swirled his tongue around the subjected digit, feeling the wetness and soft scrape of teeth as the blonde worked. Tony’s pants were excruciatingly tight and whimpered out a small groan. Steve, the damn tease that he was, knew just how to get to the brunette.
“What I can’t try my genius brain at something as simple as cooking? Tony countered, flipping the omelet in the pan, half of the light-yellow crescent of eggs naturally flopping off the side of the skillet, cheese oozing out and onto the stove top. Steve pursed his lips to stifle his laugh. “Don’t you say a word,” Tony warned, a shit eating grin plastered on his face. “At least you see the proof that I in fact made you breakfast,” the brunette laughed.
“Natasha and Clint are on board, as well as Tony and Thor. Bruce decided to sit this one out. You know how congested environments make him uneasy,” she explained, pausing in front of the open door. “Steve,” she said uncertainly then. “Do you notice anything odd about Tony lately?” She asked, a brow arched. Steve only huffed a laugh. Yeah, he most certainly did notice. The man had been standoffish and blatantly avoiding him for over a month, right after that damn party. It bothered Steve, really bothered him, seeing how Tony’s personality had changed so drastically. Steve had tried over and over to converse with the guy, to pretend that he didn’t notice the change in Tony. And every time he walked down to the man’s lab with a book or sketchbook in hand, only for J.A.R.V.I.S to tell him that Tony didn’t want company, he had pretended to act like it didn’t bother him at all. Steve desperately wanted to believe that they were still the close friends that he thought they were, regardless of Tony’s irritation and distance.
Tony blinked a few times, looking at her disappear into the multitude of people before swallowing nervously. Well that was awkward. “I guess you hadn’t confessed your love to her yet. At least you found out this way, rather than asking her out,” Tony joked, trying to lighten the mood. He looked back to Steve though and stopped laughing. The man glared at him, and his face had gotten so red, Tony thought he was going to combust right where he stood, nothing but a pile of ash in his place.
He heard Steve sigh, and Tony looked to see the man leaning back on the heels of his hands, looking out towards the warm sun as well. He watched how the sunlight washed Steve’s features in a yellow glow, the light hitting the man’s thick eyelashes and creating long wispy shadows against his cheekbones. And how the blonde was sitting caused Tony to notice for the first time, the little freckle on the right side of Steve’s neck.
“The girl who made an Iron Man snowman,” Tony answered, and Steve saw how the man was trying his best not to smirk.
"Steve. Steve Rogers," Tony admitted. The man moved his shirt collar aside then and revealed the red bump there. Bruce looked at it closely, truly fascinated.
"Geez, Bruce. Never knew you were into soulmate hormones and its science," Tony jested.
“Ta-take what?” his boyfriend asked, and Tony had to admit that Steve’s facial features changed dramatically. “What are you talking about Tony?”
Shutting the door then, Tony slipped off his shoes and tiptoed over to the bed, sliding into it, rumpled clothing and all. He slipped his arms around Steve’s, moving his hands underneath that pillow Steve held to rest them on his boyfriend’s toned stomach. Tony’s hands danced on the silky fabric of Steve’s nightie, absolutely elated that the blonde was wearing that garment Tony got him before he had left.
“Oh, no. I’ll take the couch,” Steve said lightly. In reality, he should be eager to sleep in the same bed as Tony. But that would make it all feel too real, and Steve didn’t want to deal with the disappointment of knowing it was only a one-time thing.
“Wanna talk about it?” Tony finally asked, looking to Steve, entrapping the super soldier’s gaze. Steve only sighed, looking back up at the sky.
“Why make up for lost time when you get back, when we can make it up now?” Steve asked, the blush on his cheeks trailing down his neck. Tony could feel his own body reacting to Steve’s proposition. Steve doing something so out of his element, and kinky was arousing on so many levels. Steve pulled down his boxer-briefs then, kicking them off and leaving him completely nude. Tony could see everything, the blonde’s swelling erection laying beautifully on his sculpted abs, his pink hole gorgeously exposed, and all Tony wanted to do was touch and taste.
“I-I…” Tony trailed off, too fixated on the lovely sight of Steve to form a coherent sentence. “This might be…no, I know it is,” Tony finally began, setting the box down and kneeling on the bed, very close to his boyfriend. “This is the best Christmas present
On Christmas morning, the team exchanged their Secret Santas, and Tony felt a childlike nostalgia creep within his chest at the gathering merriment. All the presents were resting under the large tree, and the genius searched the tags till he found the small parcel with his name on it. Instantly, he recognized the neat penmanship, knowing that it was his beloved Steve who was his Secret Santa.
“Oh yeah sorry. Didn’t want to come,” Tony replied, standing up, only to lay in against Steve, kissing him softly. Steve was blushing down his neck and Tony knew the man was afraid that Fury would figure out what was going on.
With a big sigh, Steve nuzzled against Tony’s pillows, the thoughts and smells eventually carrying him to sleep, white sheets draped around Steve’s muscular form.
"I love you, Steve," Tony murmured against the other man's lips, leaning back a bit to see Steve. "I really, truly do, and that will never change. I just, want to make sure you still are willing to be with me, soulmates aside. This is your choice to make," Tony said. Steve could see the worry and doubt, he could feel Tony's concerns. Steve leaned back in, wrapping his arms around the small of Tony's waist.
He turned on his side, eyeing up the empty space next to him where Pepper once slept. They had been through so much together, and now the woman he believed he would marry was gone. Because of Steve.
“J, hit the light, would ya?” Tony mumbled, and the light in the bedroom faded out then. Steve could feel his boyfriend’s body slacken under him.
It was with that thought, as they held each other with an undeniable love and protection that Steve’s orgasm crashed into him, his body lifting up enough so that the head of Tony’s cock caught on his sloppy rim. He slammed back down, his body clamping snug around his beloved, the brunette crying out as his orgasm hit him as well. Tony’s seed spilled within Steve, the warm white release coating his insides. Steve’s body was vibrating with sensitivity and exhaustion, but none of that mattered while he observed the genius’s beautiful face as an abundance of euphoric ecstasy spread through his entire body.
He had mostly observed, as he usually did at parties, watching friends and guests socialize. It wasn’t that he didn’t enjoy socializing; he did. But he discovered early on, when he was so often a wallflower at the dance halls back in the 40’s, that you can find out a lot about a person from a distance. Steve saw how Thor could capture an audience with a bellowing tale of battle. He noticed how Natasha, being ever so discreet, couldn’t help but flicker her gaze to Clint whenever she had the opportunity. And he saw how Sam and Maria were having a “who can tell the dirtiest joke” battle at the lounge area.
“Tony, you shouldn’t use language like that around the kid,” Steve called from the bathroom where he’d been washing the blood off his shirt.
As the other’s come into view, so do the number of voices. Black dots appear in your vision and your eyes roll back. You barely register the feeling of gravity pulling you down as you fall, too caught up in the voices all yelling speaking over each other. You black out with the force of it.
“Since this visit isn’t on the books, I can’t pull up your medical file, meaning I can’t see the results of that last checkup, and this stuff is kind of important for me to know in case you need surgery for the wrist.”
He says it as if it’s simple math, as if it’s easy. He’s not giving up, Tony can see it, the unwavering nerve. He’ll go toe to toe with Tony, and he’ll mean every word. This is the same man, who every instance he could have touched Tony, he asked first. He cared, about timing, about permission. He respects boundaries.
“Geeze one question at a time.” Bucky laughs. “I don’t know his name, but he came into the gym, and he started working out, and he stood up, and I guess the blood rushed to his head or somethin’, because he started to fall, and when I caught him… I could feel it, Stevie, just like they tell you in school. Like ice or a wave of freezing wind, just like a blanket being pulled off you on a cold day except just in my hand. When I looked it was red, and his was too.”
