--------
Steve tried to remove unfortunate images assaulting his head and spluttered.
Strange created some sort of energy bonds which he secured to the vigilante without any protest.
‘So am I wearing my suit? ‘
‘Are you okay? ‘ boomed a familiar voice and sure enough, Thor had appeared behind Steve. He looked very happy. Probably because he was wearing Valkyrie’s outfit and was carting along a Pegasus.
‘Me too’ admitted Strange, cooly.
‘What movies then? ‘ asked Strange, lowering his hands, though the restraints remained.
Peter blinked at his mentor. ‘Are you okay, Mr Stark?? ‘
Steve groaned and wriggled his shoulders, Natasha's signature outfit leaving nothing to the imagination, catsuit just barely fitting him inside- it had been magically altered somehow, Bruce could tell because there was no way the super soldier would have fitted in it otherwise and Sam’s clothes were fitting the scientist perfectly despite them being completely different sizes. Loki had made Steve's suit too snug on purpose.
‘So you have my enhanced strength? ‘ Steve asked.
Peter grinned as he stepped into the common room to find everyone else already there. All decked out in each other’s stuff.
Tony eyed the white winged stallion warily and muttered ‘Wow, just wow. ‘
‘There's no wound’ Tony pouted. ‘And everyone else is wearing their normal stuff! ‘
He probably should have known it would get worse when he got back to the facility to check on the avengers to find
‘Hi, Drax’ called Peter as he swooped past and used the red magic to fling some glowy figures up into the blue barrier. They didn't come back down again and, dodging various spears, he looked up to find they had stuck to it like flies to a web.
‘How fast can you get me there Friday? ‘ Bruce asked.
‘Great’
The demigod laughed and disappeared and everyone returned their full attention to the army.
The others did herded them too until all the enemy in a 20 metre radius were in her reach and Valkyrie swiftly closed the net and flung them up so hard they all hit the dome and stuck.
Why couldn't she have got Captain Marvel’s powers?? That probably wouldn't feel so odd, she really missed her Rescue suit which Nebula was in right now.
‘Oh, I've got just the costume’
Steve narrowed his eyes at Tony ‘Frisbee? ‘
‘What can I say?’ Tony laughed, tapping his chest and letting the suit expand over his get up. ‘I’m just too sexy in a bin bag’
‘Ah’ said Tony, his head piece receding back onto the rest of the suit. ‘I forgot to put them on’
Tony smirked.
‘Loki!!! ‘ yelled Tony and he wasn't the only one, he could easily identify Thor’s voice as the loudest in the chorus.
‘Peggy’ deadpanned Steve and Tony took one look at the expression on his face and snorted, combined with the outfit it was just too much.
‘So those were the movies you were talking about. ‘ huffed Stark who looked affronted to have a possibly turned on super fan all in his business.
Tony narrowed his eyes back, because he might be 49 but some aspects of his personality were that of a kindergartner. Also, he'd been hanging around Cassie who could be petty as hell sometimes.
have a reputation to uphold of course’ smirked Loki.
He lost sight of the genius momentarily as he took out a gaggle of creatures and sent them flying over to his kid who flung them upwards to the barrier with Wanda’s powers but when he played looked back he was doing a backflip and okay, that wasn't something Steve usually did so that was all Tony and so maybe he could fight outside of the suit after all….
like RDJ’ exclaimed the red-clad vigilante.
Peter frowned, wondering what exactly the God of mischief had against him.
Tony tried to strip it off again and it refused to budge. ‘LOKI!!!!’
‘I've seen them’ Scott offered, pulling his helmet back now that the guy was secure.
Steve suddenly remembered Stark's get up and realised that under the red spandex guy he was still wearing it. There was a stray flip flop a few feet away.
‘Ah’ nodded Tony, gripping a chair so tightly it started to creak ominously. ‘That would probably be the threat’
‘Are those hulk swimming trunks? ‘ Steve asked, his voice involuntarily raising an octave in shock and disbelief.
He'd been working in his lab yesterday and he'd assumed that there was going to be another all-nighter when Bruce had left for bed. . He'd tried to convince Tony to get some sleep and had been so thoroughly sassed that he'd felt infinitely more tired and just had to go to bed. He was going to convince Tony to be healthy another day when he wasn't nursing a headache and about to fall asleep on his feet from working on something all day- he didn't know how Tony did it all the time to be quite honest.
Tony huffed. ‘What do you th- what? ‘
As Pepper stomped forwards, she hoped the soles of the shoes were thick enough that she wouldn't get stabbed by one of the weapons. She had a company to run and speaking in riddles or an allergy to clothing would be a hindrance.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Why-? ‘ started Steve but was cut off by Stark.
Steve looked at him with wide panicked eyes and fiddled with the zip on his get up anxiously.
‘Mr Stark, you'll never believe what happened!! ’ Peter looked him up and down, noting he was wearing a costume he'd only ever seen on news feeds. Oddly enough the colours suited him. ‘And nice outfit’
Remember when rdj wore that bunny outfit (I can't remember why if there was a reason)  but this chapter is inspired by that
A gasp and a gap in which Tony flipped over the head of a changing figure before taking out several legs with the shield.
Pepper narrowed her eyes at him.
Tony tried to get it off, he’d take wandering about in his boxers any day over
‘Fun times’ agreed Bruce looking at the steaming puddle. ‘Where did that thing even come from?’
Tony decided to ignore him and skipped off towards the doors, gripping the glorified frisbee in mention.
Tony quickly turned his mind off that topic and turned back to the matter at hand- the integration of advanced cloaking technology into his nano suit- the particles seemed oddly resistant to it, probably because it was alien technology as was needed when wanting to cloak something so well you could walk through it like it wasn't there, something about the foreign elements didn't mesh well but he was Tony Stark- he refused to let this tiny irrelevant problem defeat him- he'd created Mark 1 out of scraps in a cave in a desert and had survived space (with Nebula’s help), using the spaceship around them whilst starving and asphyxiating to death, motivated by avenging the deaths of their loved ones by destroying Thanos.
‘No you're not, ever since Thanos you haven't been the same- after New York you were taking it hard enough but this has pushed you over the edge Tony, I'm worried. ‘ Pepper gently took his hands and pulled them away from his project. ‘I think you deserve a break from your work’
‘Oh you wouldn't know them- you guys aren't allowed to break the fourth wall’
‘Fourth wall? ‘ asked Steve.
‘Huh? ‘ Steve uttered, not taking his eyes off the spectacle still.
‘Not too far off my normal powers, kiddo’ she called and Peter ducked another projectile and laughed.
Tony had to wear a bright blue, star spangled monstrosity under his suit on his wedding day.
Tony gulped. ‘Don't eat me’
This was wonderful, his inner fanboy was screaming. His spidey sense certainly wasn't because he'd discovered his spider powers had gone but been replaced with something pretty awesome.
‘Can we go find the bad guys now? ‘ asked Peter who was on top of the Pegasus, beaming. ‘I can't wait to use my new powers and Peggy wants to stretch her wings.’
, but it refused to budge.
-------
Anyway, after an unfortunate eternity (which was probably closer to half an hour) . of trying to reclaim his reactor and stop the
‘I am Groot!!! ‘ declared the original plant creature triumphantly and proudly.
Just as he’d felled another figure there was a loud toot that echoed off the dome and the somewhat familiar voice of Stark’s AI rang out. ‘Attention, the enemy can be trapped on the dome, the enemy can be trapped on the dome.’
‘How many people have seen this? ‘ Bruce trotted downstairs in search of a vehicle to retrieve the ridiculous genius.
‘Millions of people have seen videos of this- as sexy as you looked, Pepper’s going to kill you’
She smirked as she managed to squash several of the beings underfoot and swung her first down onto some more before holding an arm out for Sam, who was in the Spiderman suit, to swing forwards.
‘What movies? ‘ Stark demanded who was trapped with the leather and spandex guy restrained on top of him. ‘Please don't tell me you're a fan of the sex tapes’
fault’ he protested indignantly. ‘Slimer here stole my pants- all I wanted was a coffee! ‘
Something small whizzed past his ear then grew into a figure he recognized as the wasp but was now more man shaped who started to yell and slash the back of one of the creatures with a pilfered sword.
(this was so awesome) over to him.
‘As of this second, 1.5 billion if I include stats of other footage and posts of this occurrence ’
‘Ask the collapsed ceiling upstairs’ snarked Tony, crossing his arms.
from dissolving innocent gawking bystanders with a makeshift shield that was a bin lid, he had just admitted it was getting to him.
‘Oh don't worry, Stark. You're barely a fraction of my age’ Loki laughed.
‘Mmmhmm’ hummed Tony looking at Steve. ‘It's very… snug. And I'm not sure how you deal with the super strength to be honest. Plus I am
It was another nano tech reactor, Tony quickly slapped it onto his chest where it stayed. Bruce was a life saver.
‘Tony is this true?! ‘ Pepper’s voice was scarily shrill. ‘We're getting married next month!!! ‘
‘No Doctor,  he left roughly 1.5 hours ago’
‘I'm guessing from the hobo chic look and pissed off expression that you've already hulked out?’ Tony laughed. ‘At least Brucie bear gets a little breather, I suppose though he does enjoy the hulk’s company these days… Where's your cape by the way? ‘
‘Oh no those weren't the movies I was talking about’ said the guy.
Warning for an anxiety/panic attack (probably not an overly realistic depiction though)
As Peter watched, Vision noticed the look on Tony's face and notified Steve who abruptly turned around and started making his way over.
‘I second that, spandex’ Stark snarked, blasting the guy with an extra strong repulsor and shaking his head at how the mystery guy didn't seem concerned at all with the hole now in his chest. Healing factor? Resistance to pain? ‘You're aren't one of the teenagers rumoured to be giving old ladies wedgies and causing mini earthquakes. Wings were mentioned several times… Unless someone cut them off- I couldn't blame them’
Hope you like this ❤️ inspired by the Dora watch and a fanfic where he wears a My Little Pony top and Spider-Man boxers of which I can’t seem to remember the name rn but I’ve written it down somewhere so I’ll find it and put it here asap. Also don’t ask why Deadpool is in Chicago- he just is okay?
This morning he had just finished showering, due to a failed experiment in the lab going everywhere, when the sudden desire to get a coffee at that bar in town overcame him: it was open 24 hours and sold coffee, smoothies and alcohol at all hours and could always be counted on as a place to have a good time.
‘Uh huh ‘ said Tony. ‘I love you too’
‘What? ‘ said Iron Man and Steve could almost picture the look Stark had on his face now. ‘RDJ who? ‘
‘Whoooooooohoooo’ hollered Peter as he soured through the air, flinging the glowy things up through the air where they were shot down by Clint Barton with unerring accuracy in the Iron Man suit or shot down by whoever had Hawkeyes outfit, which he was pretty sure was Hope Pym.
just call me sexy?’
‘What?’ Tony huffed. ‘I haven’t slept in like 3 days, sue me.’
‘Only you could manage this’ Bruce huffed, coming to stand next to him, eyeing up Tony's outfit.
Bucky was on the far end of the field, almost in woods, fighting alongside the others who hadn't swapped with anyone with especially fancy powers or suits.
didn't. I'm blaming Loki’ quipped Mr Stark. ‘How many of us are here? ‘
Tony is persuaded to take up a new hobby by Pepper...
‘You're still going with that nickname?’ Rhodey crossed his arms,Tony glanced down and noted the shape of his braces under the fabric of the legs and maybe Loki wasn't as much of a little bitch as he'd thought.
‘Aren't you going to comment on the Barbie top? ‘ Strange asked Steve, sounding slightly more amused than usual.
‘And me! ‘ exclaimed the red guy. ‘Where have you been stripes? Frozen in ice for 70 years? ‘
‘Hey! ‘ protested Stark catching the guy in the knee and causing him to fall on his face. ‘Only I'm allowed to call him that’
Unsurprisingly, the monster took offense to this nickname- probably because it was too obscure to be a pop culture reference and it didn't look anything like a crocodile, even if it had probably crawled out of a sewer somewhere.
It spat another mountain of sizzling goop at him and he dodged again, sighing. ‘Can't you just give it up already, toxic waste? I haven't slept in 52 hours, you stole my epic nano reactor and I'm wearing a binbag - and despite looking utterly fabulous in the process, it's starting to get to me’
Tony saw his reflection in a dark window, rolled his eyes and muttered ‘At least my ass looks great. ’
‘Of course, young spiderling’ boomed Thor, grinning.
‘Yes, as I was just saying-’ Strange started but Steve couldn't really concentrate as they took off,eyes strangely glued to Stark and his attire and fascinated by how the billionaire was pulling it off.
‘Language’ snarked the reason for his exclamation: Tony Stark.
Pepper sighed as she put her helmet down and hit the button to grow. She thought it was kind of unfair that she'd ended up with the Antman suit instead of the Wasp because shrinking and having wings seemed like much more fun.
‘Sure’ said Tony, collapsing back onto a chair and swinging around a little. ‘But we're not making people pay’
The ethereal creatures were still charging, almost reaching them and Tony and the others charged forwards to meet them.
‘Have we swapped powers too?’ asked Steve, even more wide eyed and flexing his fist.
He did about 10 parties dressed up in a (it's totally harmless Tony) rabbit onesie, dancing and telling stories about (non traumatic) missions before he put his foot down (and about half the world including almost every avenger and guardian alike did too)  and held ‘magician’ parties instead, decked out in his favourite designer suits using his tech to awe young generations, especially when he figured out how to work that advanced shielding technology.
‘Don't get your panties in a twist Cap, everyone's seen them at least once’ Stark rolled his eyes. ‘I'm on pornhub’
Stark rolled his eyes. ‘Glad you like it hot dog’
The creature seemed unaffected by Tony's quips but someone familiar sounding was chuckling behind him.
‘Tony, watch out!! ‘ yelled a very familiar voice and Tony caught a glimpse of
‘Of course not’ gasped Pepper, pulling away from him. ‘We're talking little kids and you're talking about a weaponised high tech suit- what if a 3 year old accidently set off something? ‘
King T’Challa, who had seemed quite annoyed at being zapped out of Wakanda by Loki, was wearing the Winter Soldier gear and picking off the strange creatures with his rifle.
Cap narrowed his eyes at Tony’s sarcasm then looked at Peter like ‘can you believe this?’ Peter held back a grin and nodded solemnly.
When they arrived in Chicago, Steve had watched Stark tap his fancy new arc reactor thing so his suit fluidly spilled out of it over his outlandish get up. He didn't miss the tiny bit of disappointment the genius showed at having to remove his flamingo sunglasses.
Tony smirked and decided, before returning his attention to the horde ( who were staying behind an invisible line, for now) that he might as well as enjoy the view which was usually locked away behind a shirt and cape.
‘So will you do it? ‘
Tony was a bit annoyed though because he was still in Cap’s outfit whereas (a now normal sized) Pepper, Steve, Peter, Rhodey and actually everyone else was back in their normal clothing.
Steve Rogers definitely didn't watch it every now and then. And it definitely wasn't because Stark looked hot- if he did watch it, it was to laugh at the genius billionaire superhero.
‘Tony ‘ greeted Pepper coming round his workbench to rest her head on his shoulder. He immediately relaxed into her touch despite knowing that she was after something, he felt like Pepper and Rhodey were the only ones he could let his guard down around even though he had plenty more people that he was quite close to these days. Even Steve and him had become closer again after the whole Thanos end of the world debacle but Tony knew for sure that they'd never fully trust each other again, not that they'd liked each other too much in the first place. Peter was the only other person (outside of Pepper, Rhodey and Happy) that he felt fully safe in the presence of but Tony felt like he needed to act strong for the kid despite his trust in him and despite Tony showing more emotion in front of the kid these days because it was, after all, impossible not to after he'd died in front of him. He couldn't bear to lose him again.
‘Speedos, Cap ‘ huffed Stark turning back to Doctor Strange who he'd been having a discussion with. ‘We've been over this’
‘Maybe, but Nat is pretty strong herself and also I haven't shrunk which means I must still have the serum’s effects at least a little…. Shall we find the others? ‘ suggested Steve, putting on a brave face.
‘Cassie really wanted to meet him and I asked Tony and he said okay which I was shocked by and she wanted to play dress up and he obliged which I was even more shocked by- he was already wearing the speedos though she let him keep them because she liked them, something about Brony she said. Though I swear last time I checked that was something to do with My Little Pony‘
skeptical, I trusted your judgment. I swear, Steve better be worked up enough to fuck me in the elevator when we get back here after I put in,” Tony gestured his hands up and down his body, “All this hard work to do what you said. I will be very upset if I only get Clint’s laughter tonight instead of Steve’s dick.”
The team scattered quickly, saying their goodbyes with chuckles as they exited. Tony squeaked out a sound he thought would never come from his mouth as Steve wrapped the chain in his fist, pulling Tony closer. Breathing hard with arousal and a tiny bit a fear, Tony voice shook as he said, “Uh, look Steve… I’m, I ah, probably should have asked before I, um… You should blame Nat, this is her fault.”
He only halfway acknowledged the Dom beside him. As he began asking the usual ‘Get to know you’ questions, Tony fired back one or two word answers paying nearly no attention to him. It was then Tony realized he hadn’t been with anyone in months. He couldn’t even remember his last time he even thought about bringing someone home. No wonder he was so fucked up in the head about Steve lately, he seriously needed to get laid soon and stop thinking about things he couldn’t have.
“No,” Bucky growled at Steve, reaching to grab his hand before it could touch Tony. “If he showers it’ll undo all the work we just did and we’ll have to start over. Here, we can just do this.” Tony was pulled over to straddle Bucky lying on his chest when he settled to lie on the other side of Tony. Exhausted Tony’s eyes fell closed and begin drifting off as soon as his face hit Bucky’s chest. Darkness creeping in, he scarcely heard, “He can just lay on me. The bed doesn’t get dirty and it’s my cum so I don’t mind it. We can get cleaned up in the morning.”
Steve’s eyes bore straight into Tony’s, blazing in confidence and complete self-assurance. “I’m a level 10 Dom Tony, there’s not a Sub on this planet I’m not dominant enough for. What you fail to understand, is even though I’ve left you in peace, that doesn’t mean I can’t put you on your knees for me anytime I please. I’ve seen the parade of one night stands you go through, I’ve watched the Dom’s that hit on you when we’re all out, and I’ve read your file Tony. You’ve never dated or slept with anyone other than a switch or another sub besides Rhodey, and that was years ago. You cut every Dom that comes across your path to pieces before you send them back to where they came from, angry and ashamed with their tail between their legs.”
Tony didn’t know what to say about any of the information Steve had just relayed to him. On the one hand, he loved Steve and wanted to give him anything he asked for. On the other, he loved Bucky just as much and knew the other man would hate what Steve was asking for. Furthermore, knowing Bucky had been playing him like a fucking harmonica this morning, setting Tony up to believe what he was saying to him, had Tony second guessing a few things. Luckily, he was saved from answering when Bucky spoke up from the bathroom doorway behind them, drawing both men’s gazes. “I think that’s a great idea Stevie. Last thing I wanna do is come between you two. Whether it’s a week or two weeks, or hell even a month, whenever you want Tony to yourself just let me know and I’ll back off until you want me back. Deal?”
Bucky’s smiled turned completely evil, he’d told Steve to wait a few days before speaking with Tony because he wanted a little more time fucking Tony behind his back. It made him come harder than he ever had watching Tony come apart as Steve watched none the wiser. Bucky wanted to test the limits of what he could get away with before he put this game board on the shelf and pulled down the new one.
When Steve eyes traveled back up just as slowly, his face grew red as they stopped on Tony’s chest. He closed the distance between himself and Tony so quick, had anyone blinked they would have missed the movement. “Are these…?” Steve began to ask but trailed off as he took the chain around Tony’s neck in his hands and confirmed they were in fact his dog tags. A dark dangerous look covered his face as he met Tony’s eyes, growling to everyone in the room, “Get out.”
As Tony lay in bed drifting off and felt the Bucky’s cum dripping down his thighs, he smiled and shivered, loving the feeling of Bucky marking him so thoroughly.
Steve had explained to them that he didn’t mind them having sex together in the future, but wanted to try to bring them the same satisfaction they’d found in each other before that happened. Tony was so relaxed he probably would have agreed to give away his company without too much of a fuss so agreeing with Steve’s request came easily. He hadn’t even heard Bucky’s response when he closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep, finally giving in to the drowsiness he felt.
Tony Stark, was the most beautiful thing Bucky had ever seen.
“Hmmm, you are right sugar. I did promise you a good time,” Bucky smirked up at Tony as he reached a hand into his sweats taking out his cock, stroking it slowly once it was free. Bucky’s metal hand slid down into his pocket taking out a small tube Tony was positive contained lube. Bucky then grabbed Tony pulling him down to lay across his lap face down, knees almost touching the floor. Tony heard the tube open just before Bucky palmed Tony’s ass inside his jeans, slick fingers tracing down the crease to Tony’s opening.
Tony’s days begin to quickly fill with him as well. Seeing as Bucky was now his sparring partner and massage therapists, Bucky began pushing Tony for more and more interactions regardless of Steve being there.
When Tony agreed, Steve’s face grew radiant as he kissed Tony again before racing out the room to retrieve the other man. Tony made sure his expression didn’t betray how he truly felt about what Steve wanted until the other man left the room. He would rather eat his suit then watch the full Bucky Barnes and Steve Rogers love fest, but Tony reasoned he may be able to use this to draw Steve back in somewhat. If Steve thought Tony was okay with the three of them in bed, he might ask Tony to be with them more often. Tony would get more time with his boyfriend who’d still get to have boyfriend number 1 fuck him into the mattress and not have to sneak out their room for it. Tony could even ignore them if they fucked again through the night, it wasn’t like he wasn’t used to it already and hadn’t learned to sleep through the noise.
Bucky raised his hand to Tony’s chin, lifting the other man’s face and eyes to his own. He gave Tony a sincere smile as he said, “Of course I understand sugar, and I don’t want to hurt Stevie either. You were just…” Bucky gave him a bashful look that made Tony smile, anger draining away, “You’re hard to resist sweetheart.” Bucky began leaning into Tony, eyes growing heated, “Once I had you, all I wanted was to make you mine.” Tony shuddered as Bucky’s breath fanned across his lips and his hand gripped the back of his neck. “I wanted to own every inch of you, until everyone you met would know that somewhere out there, someone had already laid claim to you.” Bucky stepped back out of Tony’s space, wanting to laugh a little at Tony’s near face plant as he unconsciously tried to follow him. “But you’re right, I understand and I’ll respect your decision. So,” Bucky paused as he plopped down on the sofa bringing his legs up to rest on the table in front of it, “What do you want to do about what Stevie wants from me?”
Tony came awake the next morning to fingers brushing through his hair. He didn’t have to open his eyes to know they belonged to Steve when the bed dipped slightly as he sat down. Tony moaned softly at being petted. The noise quickly morphed into a groan of pain as he slowly came to full awareness. He gave in to his instincts for once and moved slowly to curl around Steve, laying his head in the Dom’s lap. “God Steve, use whatever Dom super soldier powers you have and make the mariachi band stop drumming so loudly in my head.”
… Oh who the hell was Tony kidding, he was hiding from Steve Rogers as if the man was Jason and Tony was slutty cheerleader number 3.
Steve’s face was a blank canvas giving nothing away as he regarded Tony closely. “Level 10 Subs have an affinity for what things Tony?”
NaTasha was the Dom older sister Tony never knew he wanted. Being a level 7 Dom, she had traits of both Service and Authoritative Dom levels. She liked to massage Tony’s neck when he was tired on movie nights, lulling him to sleep, but also wouldn’t hesitate to lightly slap the man’s arm in annoyance when he was being difficult.
Bucky turned back to Steve smiling in arrogance. “Not sure you’d be able to get in there like I can Stevie. This area is extremely tricky, really got to know what you’re doing drilling into it. I used to help out some others so I have a lot of skill in this area. It’s good you handed Tony off to me, I’m enormously... better equipped for this job... Can get as far in as Tony needs it. Seen it before with a few others I worked over, I think the issue he’s been having with this spot is you’re only working the surface. It’s ok Tony, I’ll grind down in there, fill out the spots no one’s been able to reach.”
Tony shivered lightly at the words. “We can still go… Can still ride with the others. They probably haven’t left, or, or got that far.”
Tony gave an anxious chuckle as he responded back sarcastically. “The last time I was
Tony interrupted him, chuckling in resentment. “I thought so to, until I met them…
Snorting Tony crossed his hands over his chest grinning at Steve, “I see you’re trying to butter me up before you make your demands.”
Tony just shook his head with a grin as Steve calmed his laughter to answer Bucky. Before he could respond, the shrill sound of a phone rang through the room beside Steve and Tony. Both men looked over to see it was Fury calling Steve’s phone. Steve gently pushed Tony to stand as he followed retrieving his phone. “Sorry baby, I forgot Nick said he was calling. It shouldn’t take more than 15 minutes.”
Tony lay awake in the room he shared with Steve, listening to his boyfriends moans echoing down the hall. Why had he been listening to Steve’s yelling Bucky’s name for the past hour you ask? Well, because Tony made a dumb ass decision to keep him around just to lose him anyway.
All three men sat in the living room talking through the things that may be hindering Tony from achieving an orgasm. Steve sat next to Tony on the sofa facing away from Bucky, who was sitting in the sofa chair in Tony’s direct line of site closest to Steve. Grasping Tony’s hand Steve said, “I know this may not be the most conventional way of doing things but I think Bucky can really help us.”  Bucky widened his legs so Tony could see his hard on against his thigh through the thin fabric of his track pants. He watched Tony’s face grow flushed with his eyes on Bucky’s hand. His gaze followed the movement of Bucky slowly stroking the length of it while Steve pleaded with him holding both Tony’s hands in his own.
Tony came to wakefulness the next morning with a smile on his face. Opening his eyes he looked over to where his Dom slept beside him, gaze raking over his body. The previous night, by the time Steve had undressed, Tony was down too deep to really look at his Dom. Now though, he looked his fill. He took in Steve’s abs, the muscles of his arms, and the indentations above his groin, everything that made up his gorgeous blonde Dominant.
Tony threw up his hands saying, “Right… But Cap is throwing up a brick wall of chastity every time I make a move. He’s all about maintaining this whole 40’s gentlemanly courting thing and I’m about to die of blue balls.” When she gave him a snorted laugh Tony whined, “Its not funny Nat, I’m literally dying of horniness right now. Tell me what I need to do to break through that non penetrable wall of Dom control he has and get him to throw me down and fuck me like I want him to.”
grade after watching Roswell, can bet your ass it’s not fucking aliens there, that’s for sure.” Turning back to his work, Tony started to dismiss Steve. “As you can see I’m fine so shew, I’m on to something.”
As they both came, Tony with a loud shout that echoed throughout the room, their bond cemented itself in place. Steve continued to fuck Tony slowly, drawing more cries from the smaller Sub throughout the night. For the first time, Tony felt what it was like to be submerged completely in someone else, linked to everything Steve was feeling.
“You were just complaining your feet hurt. All the work you’ve been putting in my arm, this is the least I could do.”
“It’s not safe for you to work down here like this. We’re going to go upstairs, I’m going to fix you something to eat, and then you’re going straight to bed. Whatever you’re working on can wait and isn’t worth you accidently killing yourself to finish.” Steve reached out his hand for Tony to take, looking as if he wouldn’t budge on any of those things.
Thanks for the comments and kudos, I really appreciate it!!! Everyone literally like gives me life! ☺️
Bucky turned back to Tony giving him a mischievous smile as they heard Steve’s voice from behind him. “Oh, well, um guess that’s… Yeah, wouldn’t want that, uh, are you sure you…” Bucky ran his hands down Tony’s thighs until one cupped his balls gently while the other drew light fingertips up the surface of his cock. Tony threw his head back releasing a desperate cry cutting Steve off. “Oh wow, um Bucky, Tony sounds like he really needs you to keep going. If he’s ok with it I’m ok with it to. We know you don’t mean anything by it.”
Tony couldn’t help it, he really couldn’t, the words just wouldn’t be contained. “Or what
He found Steve lost in thought as he sketched on the living room sofa. He only noticed Bucky had entered when he felt the cushion beside him dip slightly, causing him to look up. Giving Steve an expression dripping in guilt, he pulled the blonde into his lap as he held the other man tightly to him. “I’m sorry Steve, I love you so much baby. I… I just lost control, didn’t mean for any of that to happen. I must have lost my fucking my baby, I… I...”
“Yeah, he was really going at me. Caught me off guard to, can’t say I know too many that can move their ass around like Tony can.” Tony was so lost in his movements, tiny moans and whimpers escaping frequently as he drew toward completion, that when Bucky’s hands touched his waist it startled him. He paused in his actions only a second as he noticed Bucky’s arms had slipped beneath the blanket. Tony’s performance was completely hidden now the blanket was tented on top of Bucky’s forearm. This gave Tony the freedom to change his movements and bounce his ass the way he wanted. “He was doing this bouncing thing Stevie, swore it drove me crazy. Just started wailing on me out of nowhere.” Tony leaned more weight down to the hands on his knees, gaining leverage to really pop his ass down harder.
Originally posted here for ideas to include in ch. 3, but I’m Keeping this open since I’ll definitely revisit this type of fic a few more times. Will probably Tony/Stephen Strange and Thor/Tony while he’s dating Clint, Bruce, or Steve again, same format of no hurt feelings though the endgames may differ.
Bucky stepped back giving Tony room, leering over him as a hand slid up and down the length of his cock. “Turn around legs apart and bend over with your back against the wall.” Tony’s hands were shaking in anticipation as he moved to follow Bucky’s request. He could see the man moving forward between the V of his legs as Bucky came nestling right up to Tony grabbing his ass cheeks. He pulled Tony’s Sweats down a little further, gliding his erection along the crease as he as he pushed the globes together. Continuing the movement, Bucky held him to the wall and forced Tony up on his toes.
Tony felt himself nod his head, if only so he could get back to the feeling of Bucky remaking his entire existence. He barely noticed Bucky turning his body. Tony now was on his knees, the inside of Tony’s legs touching Bucky’s outside as they almost completely aligned together. He moaned around Steve’s cock in his mouth as Bucky began to thrust again, hand still keeping Tony from his climax as he leaned down to kiss Tony’s ear when he whispered, “If you want me to be the one that makes you cum, then make Stevie come in your mouth. Otherwise, I’ll leave you to your chances with him. If I pull out of you for him now Tony, I won’t ever fuck you again. Tonight or any other night baby, choice is yours.”
While Tony was too far gone to really take in Bucky’s words, he knew Steve understood exactly what he was saying when a stilted whimper reached Bucky’s ears from his direction. It took everything in him not to react and turn his eyes toward the sound. As Tony’s nose pressed against his abdomen, Bucky’s hand clasped the back of his neck. A shiver rolled its way through him when Bucky’s thumb grazed Tony’s throat and could feel himself protruding out with each glide down Tony made.
Bucky Chuckled, “Sorry baby, not just yet.” Tony gave a moaned whine opening his eyes as Bucky yelled, “Hey Stevie, can you come here a sec. This is one our positions you should really get a look at.” Tony saw Steve’s approach through the lights dancing across his eyes, as short low grunts escaped his parted lips each time Bucky slammed in. Tony looked to see him stand directly in front of them. Steve could only see Bucky’s shoulders and head while viewing Tony’s body to where it leaned diagonally, disappearing in the water below his abdomen. “Sorry to cut into your work out, but I really need you to see this.”
… Then of course, they sent in Steve.
He thought of balking at the command, then of why he really shouldn’t, face turning pink as he sat down angrily. He didn’t want to repeat in front of the team what happened when he disobeyed Steve’s wishes in his lab; Clint would never let him live it down. He kicked Clint’s chair in childish aggravation, making Nat giggle as she sat down rolling her eyes at Clint whispering, “The fuck man… Innocent bystander… Thought we agreed you’d be mad at Steve.”
His last clear thought was how insufferable Barnes was sure to be after this.
even more.
Tony’s legs extended slightly around Bucky’s waist as Tony felt him slip out slowly before ramming back forward. “Uhh, Yes Bucky. Do whatever, Nnmm… so good, you need me to.”
Bucky didn’t give him any words, just picked the man up and carried him to bed. The next morning Tony awoke to see Steve tied and gagged naked in a chair in front of him, erection strained and dripping, as Bucky was sliding inside him from behind. “God Stevie… He’s always so tight. Too bad you don’t’ get to feel this anymore.” Tony let out a low moan, gaining in volume as Bucky bottomed out inside him. He whined at the feel of Bucky leaving him, feeling empty for a moment. Chuckling Bucky said, “Don’t worry doll, we’re just getting started. Gonna ream into this ass into you can’t walk straight.”
Steve just smiled back at him as Tony drifted off, unable to complete his words or thoughts. “What they said was partly true, Level 10 Sub’s will never willingly give up enough control to submit fully or go into subspace.” As Steve spoke his next words, the look on his face changed to something astonishingly commanding. “In order for it to happen, your Dom has to be strong enough to
It was then Tony realized Bucky had not gone soft, like at all. Even Steve had to coax himself back to hardness before he could go again, but here Bucky was still as hard if not harder than he was before. “I’m not sure if I’m impressed or a little jealous of you at the moment. Damn you soldiers and your amazing refractory periods but since it’s benefiting me at the moment could please just get back to it, I’d like to come before next year preferably.”
Tony smiled tiredly at him. “It’s ok Steve. I didn’t even know how bad I needed that until Bucky showed me.” Tony leaned back to stretch his arms and was surprised to feel Bucky still hard inside him, not having come yet. He switched his gaze over his shoulder and gave Bucky a flirty smirk. “There’s actually, uh, a couple other areas on my back that could use some of the same treatment.”
When the head pressed at Tony’s opening, teasing the skin before sliding past, Tony’s cock pulsed as he gripped Bucky’s arms groaning his name. “God Bucky, please... I need it... Just fuck me, I can’t wait anymore.”
Steve looked over and shrugged, “I don’t usually massage down that low, just every now and again.”
But none of that mattered, he didn’t care what Steve was doing. He didn’t care about the Sub’s that kept vying for Steve’s attention. It never crossed Tony’s mind that one of these Sub’s could be the next Steve brought home but didn’t parade around. It irked Tony that he’d never even know if it was that prissy blonde female Sub or that red haired male, or any of the others here for that matter.
Vision immediately drawn to Bucky’s arm Steve reached out to draw the Bicep into his hand. “That’s not good, can’t have you disabled in a fight. I’ll call Tony to see if he can take a look at it.”
Movement from the corner of his eye drew Tony’s gaze to Steve, who was arching back and groaning loudly behind his gag as he came all over himself. Bucky laughed darkly as he watched Steve’s orgasm and said, “It’s no wonder you weren’t able to cum with him Tony, not if he’s always ending things that quick. Five minutes after you left he came and I had to have him suck me off. Little Stevie was too sensitive to let me keep fucking him like you always do.” Tony saw Steve shudder and his cock twitch, obviously highly aroused at the degrading words spewing from Bucky’s mouth. Tony began rolling his hips below Bucky, trying to get him deeper inside. “Ohh, God yeah baby. Love the way you move for me. Gonna make Stevie watch us fuck all day, tied to that fucking chair... Uhhh, wishing he could fuck you half as good as I do.”
Leaning down Bucky whispered to Tony, “You’ve been so good for me baby, so good. Gonna let you come for me now. Because…” Bucky kissed and suckled at Tony’s lips sweetly, completely at odds with his next words, “We both know you love my dick more than him. Ain’t that right baby? When it comes down to it, you’d do anything to for it.” Tony shook his head, not willing to confirm Bucky’s words. “It’s ok sugar, you don’t have to agree. We both already know, if it was a choice between having Steve the rest of your life or my dick inside you 30 minutes a day, you know which one you’d choose.”
Apologize… Beg for forgiveness? He wasn’t sure what he was going to do but knew he needed to find his boyfriend as quickly as possible.
to tell me. From the day I met you, even in pictures of you going years back, I see you carrying heavy secrets. Even if you think it won’t matter, will you let me hold on to them for you? Give them to me and I’ll help you carry them.”
He gave Nat a look of resentment. Who did she think she was, his mother? Huffing out a condescending laugh he said, “I think you’re mistaking me for Clint because, last time I checked, I’m not your Sub he is. I don’t have to kiss your ass or do what you say. I don’t have a keeper and can do whatever the fuck I want. If I say, I’m going to the bar to get another drink, there isn’t fuck all you can do about it. Now we got that cleared up, this is me saying, ‘I’m going to the bar to get another drink’ and you not doing shit about it.” As he got up to leave he threw Thor a slightly less murdering expression. “Can take care of myself big guy, know exactly how much I can take before I pass out.”
Tony’s eyes fluttered as he heard Steve moan, seeing his cock jump momentarily spewing a hefty amount of precum. He wailed quietly as he tilted his head back offering Bucky his mouth, which the other man took hungrily. Tony broke from him, gasping as Bucky began grinding against the sensitive nerves of Tony’s prostate. “Hmm Bucky, God it’s you work me so good… Yeah baby right there, Ahh.”
Tony grew even more turned on as he was moved to lay beneath Bucky with his legs spread. He saw Bucky sit back on his feet, knees spreading to cradle around Tony’s body. Leaning forward Bucky supported his body on his left arm as the right lined his cock at Tony’s entrance and pushed in a millimeter so as not to be dislodged when he settled his arm around Tony’s waist. “Alright doll, now is the time to say no if you don’t want this. Once I get inside you, I’m not going to be able to stop for anything.”
Steve closed his eyes and rested his forehead against Tony’s. “I saw you, watched you watching me the entire night,” his voice broke off with a chuckle that pushed air across Tony’s lips. “Only difference between us was I was able to be discreet about it. I saw you getting more and more upset as sub after sub approached us. Watched as that green monster reared its head and made you angrier by the second. Almost couldn’t keep my dick from showing how hard I was from the way you were eyes were on me.” With each word he spoke, Steve’s voice became steadily deeper with arousal. “So no sweetheart, I’m not mistaken. You want me as much as I want you and I need you to tell me the truth about how you feel for once. Stop lying to me, and stop lying to yourself.”
While he had heard of the elusive son of Howard Stark that had stolen his best friend’s heart, Bucky hadn’t actually met the man yet. Tony had been staying at the Avengers Tower in Manhattan because he was still in the process of fighting the government on something called “The Accords” and still heading the development division of his company. It was also probably because Tony knew the Winter Soldier was the one hired to kill his parents. Steve had told Bucky that Tony already knew. That he understood Bucky wouldn’t have done it if he hadn’t been brain washed, but he couldn’t help but think it was the reason Tony had yet to visit. Steve would just leave to see the other man most nights and weekends when he wasn’t busy with the team.
Chasing his own orgasm Bucky chanted at Tony, “fuck yeah, baby… Stevie can’t fuck you this good… Yeah, only scream for me. God, uh, own this ass, own you Tony... you’re all… Uhhh, you’re all mine baby, all fucking mine.” Before he rammed inside and came.
Steve just shrugged his shoulders at them. “Don’t really do much of anything else, when I’m not at SHIELD I’m here, when I’m not here I’m on a mission. Throw in charity events, other Avenger or Captain America appearances I have to make and the occasional bad guy taking over the world… When am I supposed to make time for anything else? Working out relaxes me.”
Tony didn’t know exactly how to feel about the current events unfolding, but he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t rock hard thinking of Bucky trying to teach Steve a few things. When Steve had come to him asking if it would be ok to invite Bucky to watch them so he could learn how to please Tony better, the genius was shocked. How Bucky had coerced this along Tony wasn’t sure, but the subsequent guilt was too much to handle. At best, Bucky would teach Steve how to make Tony feel the way he felt every time Bucky slid inside him but he’d still be unsatisfied with Steve’s size not meeting Bucky’s. At worse, and this was much more likely to be Bucky’s primary motivation, Bucky would just fuck Tony three ways to Sunday showing Steve he was better at it. He couldn’t let that happen and betray Steve even worse than he already had. Even though it may take time to appear, his detour from weapons manufacturing proved that at some point, even Tony Stark would show a conscious.
Tony’s dick went from soft to hard in about 2 seconds. Swallowing down a moan his eyes fluttered shut momentarily as a shiver worked its way down his spine. “Why?”
Steve chuckled lightly, “It wasn’t so bad. Although, yeah… You’re right, Doc’s and Med’s then were terrible. But I made due, always got by. We may not have had all the fancy things you have to play with around here but things were pretty good. I miss the way people were, how simple things used to be.”
He wondered why Steve never reacted to him the way other Dom’s did,
The dark expression on Steve’s face didn’t lighten at Tony’s words like he hoped it would. If anything, Steve’s expression grew more threatening as he gazed into Tony’s eyes. “I see now… Here I am, making plans to take my sub out and show him off. Let everyone see how the most beautiful person in the world chose me to be their dominant. Then I was going to come back here, lay you on my bed and take you in all the ways you’ve been asking for. But you just couldn’t help pushing for it, could you baby? You went to Nat asking her for a way through my control, and now I don’t get to show the world know you’re mine just yet.”
Tony shivered, eyes rolling back. He knew exactly why Bucky set this little scene together. Tony clenched even tighter around the hardness penetrating deep within. He shuddered at the fact Bucky was trying to appease his jealous, letting Tony know he may have fucked Steve but there were still things only Tony could do for him. “Please Bucky, Mmm… Baby, need it harder.” Eyes regaining focus, Tony pinned Bucky in his gaze above him as he the filthiest smile Bucky had ever seen on anyone. “You know how I like honey, now fuck me like you own me… Ahh yeah,” His words had caused Bucky to slam forward once, drawing a moan from Tony. Once he caught his breath again he finished saying, “Because we both know exactly how much you do.”
Steve laughed looking up to the TV and settled in to get comfortable. As soon as Steve’s eyes were gone, Tony arched forward a little more placing his hands on his knees. He began to circle faster, twerking his ass and sliding Bucky’s cock marginally inside him as he heard Bucky speak. “Hey Stevie, was sparring with Tony and God does he have some moves. The way he danced around on me, could barely keep it together. Kept doing this one roll over and over, had me sliding around so much it was really hard fighting off the urge to erupt on him and finish early.”
Steve glanced up from where he stood in the kitchen talking to NaTasha over a cup of coffee. Putting his cup down he began to open one of the cabinets while smiling at Tony. “Good morning to you to… I’d ask you how you slept, but seeing as you’ve been out of it since 6 O’clock yesterday I’ll assume it was ok.”
Steve’s hands came to his hips as he thought carefully for a moment, trying to find the right words. “I don’t mean that people are better or worse, I mean how people were connected. My ma and I knew the names of our neighbors and almost everyone on our block. When Bucky and I got an apartment after she died, almost the entire building stopped by the first month to say hi.” Steve stared at the ground as he laughed sadly. “Everyone knew everybody’s business, if you took a dame out for a date, the news was down the block before you were. There weren’t so many choices for everything. Didn’t have to wonder if I should buy organic or non-organic, if sugar free or fat free was healthier.”
When Bucky finished the last of his sentence adding in a third finger, curling them to rub against Tony’s prostate, Tony moaned, “God, Yes… Fuck Bucky, yes.”
Tony’s Crescendo came to an end when every part of his body began violently shaking with a shout as he came hearing Bucky say, “I’m a better fit for Tony’s ass Stevie, It’s mine now.”
“Cap, what are you doing here? Actually, how are you here… The lab’s still in lockdown… Did I lift the lockdown? I don’t remember lifting the lockdown…” Mind drifting as he scratched his head in confusion, noise still fogging his brain making intelligent deductions hard, he looked up asking, “Jarvis did I lift the lockdown?”
He stopped at the edge to watch Steve and Tony on the couch. Both were fully clothed, Tony in his sweats and Steve in thin track pants, with Steve lying down knees bent bouncing Tony up and down in his lap. Although Bucky had told Tony to set the scene up for him, the possessive beast inside still growled at Tony in anyone’s lap but his. It was only his conversation with Steve this morning that tapered the slight aggression Bucky felt when he saw them.
Looking back at it now, he could definitely see why she’d be pissed even though he hadn’t meant it that way. Clint was his friend, his very annoying friend, but a close friend regardless. He’d never demoralize him in any way, not even to piss off Nat. Steve was right, it was the surest way to piss off any Dom but Tony would never stoop that low. There were to many other ways to piss off annoying Dom’s and Tony would never have listed that as an option.
Tony noticed Bucky’s eyes traveling the length of him briefly with his next words. “Nah, I didn’t mind. I’d do the same if I had a gorgeous thing like you to myself to.”
Bucky grabbed Tony’s legs beneath his knees again as he started a slow back and forth slide, bouncing Tony softly in his lap before increasing his pace. Tony’s arms came up to grip Bucky’s biceps when his thrust centered on Tony’s prostate, striking lightning bolts of pleasure through him almost painfully. Tony’s breath was in coming harsh, rapid pants around his moaned words increasing in volume with each stroke. “Oh God, Oh God, Oh god, Bucky… Uhhh, I’m gonna, yes, please… Ahh God, Don’t stop, don’t stop, Ahhh… Right there, don’t stop, right there… fuck, yes, yes, uhhh, yes.”
When Tony had finally glided all the way down he started to shiver from the inside out as he began riding Bucky’s dick in earnest. His cries in ecstasy so fucking sexy as they reverberated throughout the room, Bucky and Steve could only sit still and watch in reverence. Steve gave into Bucky’s request as he uncovered his dick and began giving it quick strokes saying, “Yeah, uh… Soon as he comes we can talk. Fuck, Tony baby you sound so good. God, please don’t stop, keep going till you come honey.”
Bucky resolved to accelerate his plans in making his ownership of Tony common knowledge, wanting to claim him publicly. He hated sitting through dinner unable to establish Tony was his. The reason he was able to make it through dinner without punching something was Tony. Bucky gave a genuine smile across the table each time Tony squirmed with his face heating before looking at Bucky.
Once Tony finished with the first, Steve handed him another to work with giving the same exact instructions as before. This continued until Tony had finished with everything he needed and was told to set the table. Steve outlined exactly how he wanted each of the plates, cups, napkins, and cutlery to be situated. Tony wanted to laugh at how much a control freak Steve was, wondering how he’d never seen it before.
Clint gave him an incredulous expression saying, “I would never…” before he couldn’t hold back his laughter, “Ok yeah, I totally would, thanks for the idea.” When Tony took a menacing step forward the archer threw up his hands in innocence. “But I didn’t, I swear… I am just an innocent bystander to whatever Steve did… You should totally be mad at him, not me, I’ll be mad to… Steve, we’re mad at you, not sure why but we are very angry.”
When they exited the elevator on the common floor, only Natasha, Thor, and Bruce sat at the table. The first two were speaking quietly to each other across the table while the latter sat between them at the head, frowning silently at whatever he was reading on his StarkPad. Steve motioned for Tony to sit as he walked to the kitchen to fix them whatever Bruce had prepared that morning. All conversation stopped as they entered. Thor paused to give them a cheerful greeting while Nat simply glared his way. Bruce, engrossed in whatever he was looking over, didn’t give any signs he’d even noticed them.
Having finally reached the level of need he wanted Tony to be in, Bucky thrust began to come faster as he pounded every inch of his dick as deep into Tony as he could get. When Tony began to give sounds even Bucky had never heard from him, that were so obscene and sexy Bucky had to marvel at them for a moment, he finally brought his gaze up to Steve. He sat gripping the arms of the chair watching through half lidded eyes. His cock was so hard it was purple and steadily leaking precum that pooled beneath it at the base. “He’s never been like this for you, has he Stevie. Never been this crazy over your dick fucking him?”
Tony whimpered at the agonizingly slow and brutal movements sending spikes of pleasure through his body. “Please Bucky, Hmmm … faster please baby… Ahh God, need it.”
He gave Steve a disinterested shrug trying to hide the fact he wanted that more than anything right now. “If that’s what you want I’d be ok with it. Maybe not anytime soon though, I’d need to get to know Bucky better first.”
After he left, Tony put on another movie but couldn’t stay focused. His mind kept trying to find solutions to his current issues causing his attention to stray. It was only a few moments before he began to feel just mentally exhausted. Needing to settle his thoughts, Tony rose to go to bed not shortly after Bucky. AS he stood, Tony noticed Bucky’s journal had slipped out of his pocket on the sofa. During his Shield mandated therapy sessions, Bucky was told to keep track of his flashbacks and try piecing together the memories. Knowing how closely Bucky guarded the small book, Tony retrieved it before making his way to Bucky’s room.
When Tony had come up from his lab after being down there for 3 days, Steve had been so happy that he only realized Tony had a haunted look in his eyes after they’d parted. Steve still couldn’t shake the feeling that he had come up break things off, the look on his face at first seemed sad but resigned. It was only there a moment before it was gone and he was in Steve’s arms again, but it kept trailing through Steve’s mind anyway. He had tried to do better, make Tony feel more definite of his place within their relationship, but was failing miserably. Steve would talk with Tony in bed at night, see the passion he had as he spoke about whatever project he was working on and grow so hard dick ached. He had told himself it wasn’t fair to push sex on Tony when he wasn’t in the mood for it, even if Steve could work him up enough to want it. So Steve would stay with him until the Tony went to sleep, then sneak into Bucky’s room to keep his hands off Tony. But it seemed the more Steve tried, the worse things got. Tony barely even smiled anymore, and Steve knew he was the reason for it.
They all sat in silence for a moment just taking in everything that was said. Steve was the one to finally break it as he sat up to look at them both. “We never talked about what we wanted. I was so happy that Tony said I could be with Bucky to that I never stopped to figure out what you both wanted, or what I wanted for that matter. We should think about what we want from each other and from our relationships, then sit down and make sure it’s what everyone else wants to. I love you both and I want you to be happy. Sound okay?”
Bucky might have paused at Steve saying, “Bucky, Can you… Just stop for… Wait a sec,” if he hadn’t also heard Steve stroking his dick hard and fast.
. Even made me aware of a few I didn’t know I had like this one.” Tony Began rolling his ass, movements hidden beneath throw Bucky wrapped around his shoulders, and groaned not bothering to hide how good it felt. When Bucky pulled his own hips back before pushing down Tony’s shoulder ramming back in, Tony gasped, “Umm, Yeah, right there Bucky. Lot of… Uh, tension there, fuck… keep pushing, like that… Ahhh, yeah, feels really good….” Tony threw a devilish smirk to Steve saying, “You’re not careful, I may have to exclusively use Bucky’s hands from now on.”
Steve moved from between his two lovers to the end of the bed, wanting to give them a feeling a being alone without actually leaving the room. He watched as Bucky stroked the huge length between his legs as he gave Tony an arrogant look asking, “You sure can handle this Stark?”
As Bucky leaned down to kiss him Tony knew he’d never been happier. Bucky may be the devil, but Tony knew he loved him more than anything.
Steve’s said his last words as he was walking away. Sighing Tony stared down at his dick, still very much hard from what happened, thinking it was time to bring in reinforcements. Cracking through Captain America’s chivalry was turning out to be a lot harder than he thought it would.
Tony was sitting in front of the chair Bucky was occupying. He had to move in front of the man, legs open with his knees touching Bucky’s about mid-thigh, so he could reach tricky area’s on the inside of Bucky arm. They had been arguing about the best way to incapacitate someone for the last ten minutes or so. Shaking his head Tony gave Bucky a look a disbelief saying, “There is no way that would work. Even if it was possible, you’d have to get to close or the surprise person.”
Tony jumped when she said, “That’s it,” and turned to him with a smile, eyes dancing in amusement. “Put on something of his, like a shirt or watch… On second thought, just rundown to the nearest tourist store and buy a Captain America shirt.”
The smirk Tony could hear in Steve’s tone as he said, “Sure thing Tones, whatever you say,” let him know things did not bode well for him.
After their first orgasm, Bucky pretty much fucked Tony throughout the room. The only reprieve he got was when Bucky told him to go shower, he joined Tony about 15 minutes in once he finished giving Steve a blowjob. The man had been straining in the chair; able to come twice from watching the pair before he was stuck waiting for Bucky to give him relief. Tony’s ass was pleasantly sore from Bucky’s rough treatment, but he didn’t call a halt to Bucky lifting him and sliding in deep once more. Tony didn’t think he could come anymore, Bucky having rung 2 orgasms out of him already, and said as much. Bucky just kept fucking into his slowly, pace never quickening as his tongue made a similar ownership of Tony’s mouth. He was leisurely stroking into Tony as though he wasn’t chasing an orgasm, but just loved the feelings of having Tony wrapped around his cock.
”wheniwasyourage” - thank you so much for the sparring idea, was able to come up with a scene around that! Lol but they don’t actually ever get to the sparring.
Steve’s eyes attentively scanned through the short message detailing what he was needed for. “It doesn’t look to serious. Fury wants me to do Recon with Nat, I should be back in a couple days but I’ll call you if it runs longer.” He gave Tony a brief kiss goodbye before he rose and began to make his way to the Quinjet. Waving absentmindedly to Bucky as he left, gaze still locked on his phone, Steve called out to him saying, “See you later Buck, take care of Tony for me while I’m gone.”
Voice sounding thick and rasping Steve asked, “What’s wrong, why’d you stop? You’re not done are you?”
Blushing apple red Steve nodded. “Yeah… That’s, uh, why I’m coming to you.” Giving a sigh he continued saying, “Tony’s had a long list of one night stands and significant others in his life. I, uh, don’t have the experience he does and everything we’ve done has really been at his lead. He says it’s ok and he doesn’t really need that part of our relationship to be perfect but… I still want to see if I can, you know, do better if possible.” Steve gave Bucky a sheepish smile growing so red he was practically purple, “Plus, making love to Tony feels… really, really good, like best thing on this earth amazing. I don’t want to lose that… and I want to make him feel just as good if I can.”
Looking up to the other man’s face, Tony breath caught when he saw Bucky’s eyes focused on him. All of that heat trapped him, and Tony found himself unable to pull away from his gaze. Bucky’s eyes promised things he didn’t even know he wanted, they guaranteed sinful nights full of being taken in every possible way. Tony was only able to break away when Bucky looked at Steve instead, bringing him up for a kiss by the back of the neck.
Steve shuddered and looked pained as he opened his mouth to speak but closed it, most likely remembering Bucky asking him to say anything. When Bucky gave him the go ahead to answer the question, his voice sounded completely wrecked. “No I haven’t… Fuck Bucky, let me touch my…”
Bucky had to roll his eyes, shaking his head as he slapped a hand over his face at hearing Steve say, “Is this working Tony, or are you still cramping down there?” While Bucky had expected it, his mind blown that Stevie actually believed that nonsense. Didn’t hesitate for a one Damn second or question anything in Bucky’s explanation. Steve at some point actually thought to himself, ‘ass cramps, that’s a completely reasonable and logical explanation for what’s happening’. Bucky sighed, his friend could be... totally fucking clueless sometimes. But then again, if he wasn’t Bucky wouldn’t be having nearly as much fun.
The last was accompanied by Steve’s fingers nudging at Tony’s lips. He felt Steve push two tiny pills into his mouth as he raised Tony slowly to his chest. Tony gulped down the glass of water that followed quickly, still refusing to open his eyes. Once finished, he rubbed his cheek against Steve’s chest murmuring, “What’s she mad for? Nat never gets pissed about me not doing what she says, just rolls her eyes or laughs.”
birthday… Before he presented as a level 10 Rare Sub.
Tony’s jerked in Bucky’s arms wanting his every show of ownership. Every muscle in his body began shaking violently as he came thinking of Bucky covering him in his. Tony loved how possessive Bucky was, how he was constantly doing things to stake a claim. It was the hottest thing he’d ever felt and Tony never felt someone wanting him so expressively before. As Tony contracted and pulsed around him, Bucky gave a throaty moaned growl coming deep in Tony’s ass before pulling out to paint over his ass, stomach, and still pulsing dick, mixing with what Tony had already released. Laying Tony next to Steve, Bucky called his friends name to get his attention. Steve looked up at him disoriented, obviously still coming down from his orgasm he thought no one knew of.
Shaking his head Bucky said, “That will take too long, the book said to start these exercises within 5 minutes of that first one. We’d have to start all over by the time you came back.”
Tony’s face grew almost purple in humiliation and irritation while sputtering, “I wasn’t… I didn’t…” Taking a moment to reign in his emotions, Tony made sure his words sounded clear and confident, or something like that, he hoped. “You’re mistaken, that isn’t what happened.”
This would all have been a whole lot easier if Bucky would shut the fuck up.
“PsychoJordan” - I loved your idea and will definitely use it in one of my next stories along these lines. Don’t want each one to be the same story with new characters so thank so much for an alternate ending!
Without beating around the bush Bucky said, “Tell me what’s wrong, sugar. Is this about me fucking Stevie?” Feigning ignorance, Tony gave halfhearted ‘What are you talking about’ words and gestures before Bucky closed the space between them. Putting a finger beneath Tony’s jaw forcing the man’s eyes to his own, Bucky smirked and pecked a kiss on Tony’s lips. “What, or should I say who exactly are you jealous of Tony?”
So Tony stayed not saying a word about what he was feeling. He was fine… No really he was, Tony Stark never believed in fairy tale romances and was happy when Steve was around. This was probably the best he could ask for.
To Tony’s surprise Bucky only laughed and he looked over to see the man giving Steve a dark look. “Tony was saying he had cramps up his legs through his ass cheeks. I looked it up and found out the best way to work through that is someone pumping their groin against the area. Here,” Bucky began as he twisted Tony around on his dick to face him, nearly bringing their hips to the surface. “I’ll show you how to nail into his ass the way he likes,” Bucky pushed Tony’s legs to the wall of the pool folding them to circle around Tony’s head, feet touching his own hair. Steve held them there in place again at Bucky’s demand as Bucky leaned over Tony, arms to each side of his torso between his legs.  Bucky braced the wall between Steve’s arms pushing them forward, placing Steve’s face directly above Tony’s view. “Keep holding him open for me, just like that Stevie.”
Bruce had been feeling a little odd and suddenly he realised why. ‘The other guy is gone’
‘Hey, I thought we were meant to be getting our game on and planning how to defeat a bunch of jacked-up adolescent wannabes? ‘
‘Okay, not really my fault-’
‘What am I wearing then? ‘ wondered Tony.
‘Roger that! ‘ Peter saluted before flying off towards a streak of red and gold in the distance.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Shit’ swore Stark as his face became visible and the guy tackled him. ‘Shit, shit, shit I need to fix that’
‘Please tell me he's wearing pants under that ‘ Bruce huffed, another headache already forming. Even the other guy seemed to be feeling despairing.
Before the slime monster could steal his new reactor, Tony charged up the repulsors  and fired them a dozen times in quick succession which was very efficient in reducing the goopy monster thing  into a (non sentient ) pile of smoking slime with a soggy pair of boxers and a nano reactor in the middle of it.
If he had to do one more back flip, he reflected as he did just that before catching one of the figures in Nat’s signature thighs of death move, the pants of this suit were going to rip.
They’d been trapped unable to move for about 45 minutes with an eerie blue glow streaming through the window until they'd heard the roar of an engine which announced Tony returning then there had been another flash and Clint was suddenly wearing the Iron Man suit, a very confused face visible as the visor was up. Natasha glanced at Wanda to find she was kitted out in Thor’s armour with Mjolnir and Stormbreaker both deposited at her feet.
It was worth it to see the flabbergasted look on Stephen’s face though.
Steve looked at it in despair. Tony Stark was casually standing in a room of suited up superheros in flamingo sunglasses, gold flip flops, a straining bright pink Barbie t shirt (which was so small, half his stomach was exposed) and a pair of Hulk-print swimming trunks that were blinding Steve just a little. He was also smeared with glitter in several places.
However, in the future Tony would occasionally wear the onesie to some parties for funsies or some other ridiculous get up just to remind the universe (and certain avengers) that he was Tony Stark who gave no fucks and who could pull anything off effortlessly.
As irritating as it was, Loki had actually devised a pretty good training exercise, especially if they remembered the techniques they'd learnt- Steve hoped he could ironically use the ‘thighs of death’ in future and he'd sleep easier knowing Tony, Rhodes and Pepper could take care of themselves if they were caught short without a suit.
‘Any sign of a threat yet?’ Tony was asking. ‘Loki hinted that we might have to fight something except he also said no harm would come to us’
‘Who said I'm being a bad guy? ‘ asked Loki, spreading his arms out like the diva he was.
‘A TRAINI-’ Tony’s exasperated demand was cut off swiftly by a flash of blue light and a strange dizzy feeling like his insides has been shaken up.
Which was, in hindsight, a bad idea.
‘It wouldn't’ protested Tony. ‘My designs-’
Nearby, Gamora and Rocket were fighting and appeared to have simply swapped outfits. They kept giving looks towards Lang, as if to say at least you got to wear something you don't see every day.
Bruce blinked. Assuming everyone had got a swapped outfit, Bruce had got the luckier end of the stick- he was wearing Falcon’s gear which was pretty much a basic stealth suit just with the added bonus of mechanical wings (which he actually really wanted to try out) but Steve?
‘Yeah’ said Steve turned to look at him. ‘He visited everyone, did he not visit you? ‘
‘Huh’ said Tony, having taken down the group with a little help from the red mist that Peter was controlling.
Tony was beginning to think he was destined to wear ridiculous things all the time . Especially when Morgan was born and became extremely fond of Tony dressed up as various animals and the occasional ‘princess dress’ (and Tony would do anything for his little girl).
Immediately Tony snapped out of it and narrowed his eyes at Peter.
‘Jar- No I mean Friday? ‘ asked Bruce. ‘Yes Doctor? ‘ the AI replied smoothly.
‘Nope’ Peter popped the ‘p’ and scowled. ‘Which
‘Are you listening over there spangle-pants and Mr shrink-a-lot, we're discussing a plan here, you know trying to save lives whilst you fangirl over my sexy get-up in the corner’
Also, because it was Tony Stark he was still managing to look completely fashionable, somewhat impossibly.
‘Erm, the fact that you've made a giant blue dome over my facility and it's grounds? The facility of the people who are supposed to be protecting earth? Who really shouldn't be trapped in a dome in case of emergency? By a crazy guy who has tried to take over the world in the past?’
Steve huffed and garrotted a small group of the figures before signalling the kid to throw them up. They'd almost taken care of all of them now- after the sticky dome thing had been figured out, it was much quicker going, especially thanks to Pepper who was scooping up tons of them and could actually reach the top of the dome.
The screen in Tony's room lit up to reveal a live video feed on Instagram of Tony Stark wearing absolutely nothing but a binbag, hair sticking up everywhere and using a bin lid as a shield against some sort of unknown monster thing that looked like a pile of goop.
‘DOME!!! ‘ Peter finally finished.
‘I can show you’ said Friday, sounding slightly amused.
‘Huh’ he said before looking back at Tony and Cap.
‘What? ‘ Pepper exclaimed. ‘Nothing, why would you assume that-’
‘What is it kid? ‘ Tony gasped out as he held the shield up to deflect a sudden onlay of shining iridescent arrows.
Somewhat unsurprisingly, Tony wasn't in his room.
The Valkyrie, Brunnhilde, had scored Groot’s skills and was fighting elegantly with vines slamming into and impaling enemies.
The shirtless sorcerer nodded behind him and Tony followed his gaze to find Natasha near the front of the crowd of superheroes next to Peter, Steve, Thor and the Pegasus. She had the cape all but wrapped around her head and looked supremely pissed off.
He'd been prepared for lots of snarky comments and possibly an argument if Stark rubbed someone up the wrong way (which happened quite often). Not this.
‘I knew he still had the space stone’ muttered Tony, angrily, for the teleportation and blue light was a dead giveaway. He went to brush himself off but stopped abruptly upon realising what he was wearing- he glanced down upon touching smooth fabric to find he was wearing Cap’s uniform.
Tony hates that damned cape
Scott Lang was somewhat moodily taking out the enemy in hand to hand wearing Nebula’s outfit, muttering about the unfairness of life and what he'd have given to get Danvers powers.
‘What view? ‘ asked Steve who had arrived in front of them. ‘See you stole my old outfit, Tony. And Peter, Wanda's clothes strangely suit you…. ‘
‘That's hot’ someone said and Tony rolled his eyes, pretty sure he knew exactly who had said that and, yup, he was right.
Bruce eyed Steve warily, the second flash had brought about an outfit change and….
‘It's actually mine’ said Rhodey, appearing in Captain Marvel’s suit.
‘Hot dog? ‘ muttered the mystery guy. ‘I've never been called that before. You can call me Deadpool or Wade. Wade Wilson. ‘
As if summoned by his angry yell, the god materialized in front of him. ‘It's only fair Stark, after all you were stabbed in the back’
Upon the lack of snarky Stark in the lab he decided to check his room because Bruce really doubted that he'd actually been healthy and taken himself to bed for once- Pepper could easily persuade her fiancee but she was away at the moment, leaving only Bruce to try and persuade the billionaire to actually do basic human functions.
Tony laughed, pressing a chaste kiss to her lips. ‘Then why did you bother asking’
‘People would. And they should- if anyone thinks you're some sort of irresponsible selfish psycho still then I will personally - ‘
He'd seen Natasha open portals to the top, Wanda electrocute them before whipping them up and Clint, Nebula and Quill had been taking trips up. Rhodes hadn’t bothered, just blasting them to smithereens and he'd seen Bruce flying about in the Falcon suit, taking garrotted groups up and a hulked out Strange literally throwing some.
‘No can do capsicle ‘ sing-songed the guy as he dodged several more attacks.
‘Tony, this is the one time I wish you'd stayed in your lab’
‘Tony!’
‘Okay let's not get into the dirty details Peps. I have complete faith in your ability to murder’
Haven't proof read yet- feel free to leave constructive criticism
cackling and a huge, faintly blue, dome over most of the surrounding countryside.
Tony hoisted up the shield, feeling strangely bare without his repulsors or armour and next to him, Rhodey started to glow and Quill popped the helmet down.
Bruce really wasn't sure where Tony had got to.
Tony didn't reply, burying his face further into his hands but Loki smugly replied for him. ‘He's wearing it for the next 6 months’
I kind of noticed what ‘happened’ myself when I found myself wearing this
-----
‘So you keep saying, but where did the rest of your clothes go?’ Bruce queried, probably having noticed that there was only a pair of soggy boxers present in the creature’s remains.
‘Oh I don't know’ growled Natasha, though Tony could see she was now fighting back a smirk. ‘I just might’
-----
Steve had to actually bite his tongue to stop himself for chastising the billionaire for his language. He was still getting teasing over the last time. He settled for swinging his shield into the back of the guy, expecting him to dodge and therefore get off Stark but he didn't move.
‘How comes I don't get your shield?’ huffed Tony, looking out a window in search of whatever had caused the mini earthquake and yelped when a familiar vibranium shield nearly brained him,  it had appeared from thin air.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Anyway, ‘ said the guy in red. ‘I love your outfit Mr Stark, I think you should wear it more often’
‘Tell Clint to tell FRIDAY to broadcast it on the loud speakers, kiddo’ Tony told him, ducking under the next attack. These creatures just kept on coming.
He was actually very proud of his putting on of a bin bag outfit whilst simultaneously battling the sludge monster which seemed quite smug having conquested Tony's nano tech and, for some unknown reason, his pants.
‘Yes kiddo, lets’ smiled Tony. ‘I can't wait to punch things and play frisbee’
‘Loki!! ‘ he growled and he could've sworn he heard the echo of a laugh.
Loki decides to fulfil his title as God of Mischief and Tony needs a break even though this is quite amusing....
‘Physically, yes. Emotionally, not so much. Have you seen this outfit? ‘ Tony snarked.
‘Is Tony in the building? ‘
Let them look, he thought. My ass is nothing to be ashamed of.
Quite a few other people had been ‘injured’ in the fight but in Tony’s opinion they got off quite lightly with speaking in rhymes or bright pink hair for a week, even Quill (who had somehow got impaled through the heart whilst wearing Rhodey’s suit) was only painted as a zebra for a year.
‘You've been enjoying outlandish outfits lately-’
Sure enough, he glanced up to find several glowing creatures stuck to the glowing blue barrier.
Here it was. The reason that look had been on her face when she came in.
‘Sex tapes?! ‘ exclaimed Steve, he'd known Stark was a playboy- he'd even admitted as such but
know it wouldn't but not every parent has the right amount of respect for your genius and inventions, also it will take me hours of writing out risk assessments which you will most likely ignore'
Tony frustratingly found himself unable to move forward and throttle Loki and upon reflection he did remember a stabbing pain in his back earlier but he thought it was just a pulled muscle from the midair roll he’d just had to do.
Suddenly, Loki’s face appeared on the surface of the blue dome and his amplified voice rang out. ‘If you get stabbed, it'll hurt but it won't harm you… well depending on the definition of the word: you will be stuck with a non lethal curse like, speaking in poetry for a week or if it is a fatal wound you might find it impossible to wear clothes for a month and so on’
‘I thought you might enjoy doing birthday parties’
This along with how quickly Tony had reacted to Pepper's cry meant Loki had somehow transferred skills along with the powers and outfits or something.
The moment Pep squashed the last few creatures with her boot, the barrier and his shield disappeared, Tony suddenly felt impossibly more out of breath and more than a little shaky. Looking around, he noticed the fliers start to fall before being slowly lowered to the ground by glowing blue magic. So Loki had a heart then, though it could just have been Shuri persuading him-  don't think Tony hadn't noticed her absense despite the tree having her gear.
Also this is the longest chapter I've ever, ever written by a long shot :'D and the second fic I've ever completed
‘Well this is going to be fun’ huffed Natasha, flicking the cape so it spun off her head and settled around her shoulders like a cape is supposed to and twiddled her fingers in an imitation of Doctor Strange and managed to get a shield on her first try.
. Unfortunately, there was something waiting outside that had stolen the reactor and his boxers leaving him naked and undefended.
‘This isn't
‘I did say I would help if absolutely needed remember? ‘
‘6 MONTHS!!!!!! ‘ shrieked Tony, not even aware his voice could go so high.
‘I wasn't talking about the money’ she rolled her eyes. ‘I didn't actually expect you to say yes. ‘
Basically what it says on the tin... With Peter Parker and co
Tony sighed, flicked off the engine of his brand new, flashy Audi E-Tron* and climbed out.
Bucky frowned and he sensed the others around him pausing in confusion too before a spotlight blared out the facility’s window and drew attention to a gaggle of rainbow glowing figures stuck, quite literally, to the dome above.
He glanced around the room and spotted a disgruntled looking Tony entering through a door. He flicked his fingers about like he'd seen Scarlet Witch do and had been practicing on the way here and
Peter Quill was standing there but what Tony could not have predicted was that he was in Rhodey’s armour.
He spun in the air, dodging a flying silvery spear and smiled at Carol as she soared past who had scored Vision’s powers and was zooming about, cape whipping, and obliterating the enemy with light from her forehead, she didn't have the mind stone though so Peter had no clue how that worked.
Antman returned back to normal size and Strange lowered his hands, sensing the fight was over but then suddenly the guy in red lurched up, ignorant of his leg which was at an unnatural angle, and slammed his hand into Stark's chest right on the reactor which caused the Iron Man armour to retract.
He heard a laugh and turned to see Tony flinging his shield around and, wow, his fighting style was impeccable despite usually being in an armoured, computer assisted suit. Probably Loki had transferred Steve’s training as well as his strength and suit- the alternative was…. to much to think about right now.
Scott quickly hurried up to assist the billionaire.
He gave her a look.
‘Yes, Tony. Birthday parties. ‘
Steve had been summoned to  fly out to Chicago where there had been multiple reports of a group of super powered people terrorising citizens who needed to be sorted out.
‘-to the-’
‘Don’t ask me- it just ambushed me and stole my reactor and pants’
The red guy sighed, almost happily. ‘I have to say Tony, you're just as attractive as in the movies and those muscles definitely weren't cgi’
‘Never heard of you’ snarked Stark. ‘Now is someone going to get him off of me? ’
He almost wished someone had noticed earlier and caught the epic sequence on camera. Almost. He was still trying to ease Pepper’s stress.
He set off down the corridor in search of anyone else- the way Loki had described it as a training exercise meant there was probably going to be something to fight. Something that supposedly wouldn't hurt them.
‘Yeah’ Tony nodded before muttering ‘Little diva’
your outfit’
‘You even
Groot had on Princess Shuri’s outfit and was fighting with her tech, though Bucky had noticed the Princess herself was nowhere to be seen. He had overheard Stark complaining about her being ‘partners in crime’ with Loki though, apparently they got on like a house on fire and it was possible that she’d been spared and left in Wakanda to get on with her life or was having a picnic with Loki laughing at them all.
------
Steve punched, flipped and tasted his way through the last few creatures attacking him before taking a breather and looking around properly.
Tony was suddenly bombarded by a group and he started a flurry of ducking, whacking, throwing and punching (when the shield was gone).
‘Oh my god,  Pepper’s going to kill me’
Loki smiled at him (which just no) ‘Welcome to the party, Stark’
‘I'm pretty sure she wants to kill me-’
Natasha scowled. It wasn't an expression she pulled often but it was definitely required in this situation.
Pepper raised an eyebrow. ‘Really? ‘
Steve looked at him him in exasperation . ‘Yes, probably’
Usually, he would've carried on naked because Tony Stark does what he wants and there were already many videos of him naked floating around the internet but he decided he should, once again, cause Pepper less stress and find something to cover up.
‘How are we meant’a get them up there? ‘ questioned Bucky, only just ducking a sword and getting a tiny scratch for his trouble, before knocking the opponent out.
‘Hand yourself in’ said Steve as the mystery guy sliced one of Strange’s illusion things in half.
Tony glanced up at the look of concern on her face and sighed again. ‘Sorry, I'm fine’
“Yes, and look, it’s partnered with a factory to produce directly copper wires and cables, instead of sending metal in other countries for that part of the work. And I’m almost finished on my project for rare earth elements mining and treatments. Clean, not that crap they do in China. Legal is already working on a proposition for their governments. And a little help of the military would be welcome, instead of having to use the usual private companies of professional killers playing mercenaries, that’s why you’re coming in. And money, money is gonna be a little tight. I can’t sell too much part of SI, I need a controlling interest, but I’ve already given orders to sell the Ibiza Mansion, and the South Pacific private island.”
People were stupid for a lot of things, in Tony’s mouth, but after all those hours in his company, Clint understood it wasn’t an attack of the genius, but a baffling statement. People broke the world, and other people; and Tony didn’t just understand
Tony had pushed around the furniture’s in the living room, to have more place for the paper, and started scribbling.
“Now, tell me the hard truth?”
“Yeah, I suppose it is,” he said, and Mari knew. Knew what he had struggled about, knew Barnes was in no danger from that man.
When he was in his room, Steve exchanged his clothes for his space suit, with the Nomad insignia on the chest. It had been strange to renounce Captain America’s mantle, but he liked that he could have done it because his country didn’t need him in the same way, not because he was too disappointed in his country, like he had feared once or twice he would have to do.
“Him, Nick, him.”
“I’m not. Dr Janssens here is the head of an oncology department in her country. The device will be their official brain’s child. They’re already selecting women for a first trial.”
And, safe in his brother’s arms, Tony did.
“Nanites,” Tony said, and he looked, cautiously, happy to talk about it.
“Shh, shh, I know, it hurts, I’m still working on that,” Tony said, petting the other man in a strange gesture. It was like a moment of comfort offered by someone who had heard about it, but never experimented it.
“Don’t bother with the buckle,” she said with a strong accent, “Since Miss Rushman is there, we can do a trial run just now. She can plaster the device against me.”
“I have, and I can come back later,” Natasha said, playing disinterest, when she was in fact very interested in whatever was happening there, outside of the profile.
“I’m here to kidnap you. Pepper will play interference with the ONU, Rhodey is in charge of the world Council, Fury in charge of the world not meeting a fiery death during our absence, Natasha will keep the rogue states left in check and Thor is in charge of space.”
“-and now it’s an international incident, goddamit-“
Natasha decided a question at that moment would be something Nathalie would have asked right that moment, and not at risk of being saw as a spy’s interrogation.
“Stay,” he ordered Nathasha, “you have small hands, you can help with the fine calibrating. Resyntje, this is Nathalie Rushman, she works for SI. Nathalie, this is Dr Janssens, from Amsterdam. The Netherlands, not the Missouri city.”
There was a moment of silence as Nick tried to swallow the enormity of what he was hearing. As he opened his mouth to talk, Stark cut him:
“Yes, stuff,” Tony insisted, and then he opened another diagram, “Look at that, I have other ideas.”
“I still think we should tell people your role. Perhaps after a few years, when everybody can see how best it is,” the doctor remarked, and Natasha saw what the other woman couldn’t, the small micro-expression of Stark. He hadn’t told that woman about the palladium, hadn’t told her he wouldn’t be there in a few years. And perhaps it wasn’t exactly nice of her to be satisfied with that, but if he had been close enough to tell her, a woman Shield hadn’t even noticed in his contacts, Natasha would have been professionally vexed.
“No, no, Bucky is perfectly fine and totally happy with your gift.”
. And I am very late if you think I can’t visit without a demand.”
For the first time, he saw the haunted eyes, the exhaustion. It was more than battle wariness, and New York had been almost a year ago, with proper help, with competent healers, Thor thought Tony would have been better.
And Stark’s shoulders lost of a little of their tension, once Coulson was sitting on the couch, once it was clear he couldn’t reach Stark quick enough to be a danger.
So, nothing of the multiple quirks and bad habits of a person could stop them of being a genius.
Steve took his hand and Tony’s eyes crossed.
“Stuff? You knew stuff about copper mining.”
“Anthony, you-“
After the Ten Rings kidnapping, once Rhodey had finally Tony safe at his side, sun-burned, half-delirious but alive, his brother was alive, he had refused to let Tony alone for more than bathroom breaks for almost four days. Sadly, the brace didn’t think “I can’t let him alone, he will be kidnapped again”, was a good reason for Rhodey to spend all his day following Tony around like a protective, well-armed duckling.
“Coulson’s orders,” Clint said to lighten the orders, and Tony’s grimaced. One day, Clint would learn what linked the two of them since the battle of New York. It was like Tony was feeling responsible for Coulson. He was careful with the agent in a way he never was with anyone, except Bruce and Pepper Potts.
“Rough night?”
“Ok, I have contacts in a few agencies. I have selected higher-ups cogs who aren’t Hydra, and solved problems for them.”
“Telling it as it is, J. Still good on the anti-surveillance measures?”
“Also, portative, because what sorts of beasts they are using today…” Stark said, where he was tinkering with one of his displays, calibrating something Natasha couldn’t understand.
Three blocks around the Stark Tower were now closed permanently to circulation, but the cops manning the blockade let Steve pass on his Harley without problems.
“I emotionally blackmailed him with my fragile physical state and the future of the human race?”
“I didn’t know SI is preparing a medical line,” she said and Stark turned to her so fast her neck was painful in sympathy for this.
“The bra too, then. Have you already done a mammogram? You’re too young but sometimes…”
“Getting frisky, platypus.”
“Don’t make me the insult of asking if I’m sure or if I’m joking. You can laugh of everything, but not Nazis.”
For years, Tony buried it, and cheated as much as he could to obtain the intellectual stimulation he needed without letting people know the truth about him. But it was so, so damn hard. He developed Dummy first as a decoy: when people came to his workshop; they were too busy ogling his robot to pay attention to clues he would have left lying around, books in languages he wasn’t supposed to talk, about subjects he wasn’t supposed to be interested in, materials that had nothing to do with robotics…. Of course, then he got attached to Dummy, but that was a story for another time.
“What Jarvis did to the last one who tried was a good warning. Can I see him?”
When Phil Coulson was pierced by the staff, Jarvis flagged his name in red and Tony, who had just saved the helicarrier from crashing down and sending the numbers of victims of the day in the triple digits, Tony cursed and rushed to Coulson.
Internet development helped. With a few clicks, he could access so much knowledge, and he was capable of leaving no traces that even the most competent specialist could find.
“If he protests later, I will make him remember the time he told everyone I work with I was dead. And didn’t think about the possibilities one of them, or a lot of them, would reach to my family for condolences.”
“You can’t say it to anyone else,” he finally pleaded, “because…because it’s still experimental.”
Then Nick Fury straightened up, like he had done in every crisis, and said: “Talk to me about your plan.”
Two, nobody was supposed to know where Nick lived. It was an ultrasecure location, on file only on some very secure in the Pentagon, and nowhere at Shield.
Sometimes, he invited Tony into his own lab, in Stark Tower, and let him lose on a problem. It was a joy to see Tony’s brain work when he was feeling safe. When he knew nobody would judge him for how quick he was.
“Heard your mom was diagnosed with early stage Alzheimer-”
Happy himself seemed exhausted when Steve meet him in the lobby.
And Coulson left, with a genius and the answers to make the world a little better, written in purple glittery ink on pastel paper tablecloth.
“Are we about to have a row about the stranglehold of the World Council on Shield, and their desire to use the same sort of command on the Avengers?”
“Tony?”
“Tony Stark must survive what will happen in the next few days,” Coulson enunciated very clearly, “Because he will rebuild, if everything crash and burn. Nobody will find him there, I made sure of it, but I need you to sit on him if he panics and tries to run to help us. Tony Stark can’t leave until further notice. I have never given you a most important order. Do you understand?”
“If it so much better, you can’t keep it to yourself,” Natasha tried, just to see his reaction.
What most people didn’t understand was that word could mean such a range of beings. Intelligence was such a complex subject, could cover so many significances. Where was the limit? Differential calculus? That would exclude people like Mozart, like Picasso? Did people who changed the world were genius? Medicine had studied people with significant mental disabilities capable of learning easily ten languages.
“Guaranteed Chitauri’s weapons proof too,” he had added, “and the minute we find Loki’s sceptre again, you can be damn sure they will be that-proof too. And I have idea about your turbines, too, because I won’t play flipper ball again, thank you very much.”
“Yeah, only I’m not smart enough to understand what you could build. So no electronics.”
Tony was the first on site, once Loki was gone. Jarvis had total control of the helicarrier cameras and on the display in the helmet, kept for Tony a count of SHIELD agents down. The AI, already working to flush out the virus sent by Loki’s team, saved a few of them, disrupting the attackers communication, locking fire doors, taking control of an experimental drone in the labs, but it wasn’t enough to save all of them.
“What?”
And the Hulk?
Tony used an entire morning for what he told Clint were the six remaining Millennium Prize Problems, and Clint had no idea what that was, but Laura, who always had an interest in science, baked Tony her mom famous chocolate cake, something that hadn’t made an appearance since she had seen a documentary about the evil of refined sugar, so he supposed it was impressive of Tony to solve them.
“Greed isn’t reserved to your board, I’ve seen it in other people. And you know them better than me.”
“Miss Rushman!” and really, America’s most lustful Casanova was doing his best to not look, so, so many things were wrong in his profile, things that had been rendered obsolete by Afghanistan or perhaps which hadn’t been so important to his personality, and Shield’s psychologists would hear of it!
“….fuck.”
Some groups protested the Asgardians Tony was now working with, and the scientists from other planets that were slowly dripping down to Earth. The whole coalition slowly crystalizing around Thor and Tony against Thanos had been a success exceeding all hope and since Thanos and his troops had been flattened somewhere around Neptune’s orbit, the coalition had grown, switching from war to peace, sharing knowledge and research and resources in a way no period of history in the galaxy had known. But people being people, there were still protesters thinking Tony was selling them to aliens overlords.
“Yeah, it was a pain in the ass to remove it.”
“Don’t serve me that crap! Shield is only respecting laws when it serves you. The numbers of international borders… But that’s not the subject. J started to find irregularities. Not big stuff…just breadcrumbs. But his computation capacities are way ahead of what he pretends usually. He started digging, then made me aware of the problems. We hacked other agencies-“
Instead, Tony took his helmet down and leaned on Coulson.
To Fury’s surprise, Stark, the one he was sure would protest and make nanny parallels, simply opened his Tower to Coulson, and offered to design new, much better, bulletproof jackets for the SHIELD agents.
“What’s that?” He asked, because he knew Tony too well to ask the question someone else would have asked, like could it wait until morning.
“Yeah. But no fear, Nick-dear, I have a plan.”
She had given them to Tony, with a big boxes of pen.
Tony kept his secrets, and Jarvis helped him, and for years Tony kept it religiously his father best advice, his father last advice.
“It will be more precise than the usual exam,” Dr Janssens was developing, “and will significantly reduce the risk of overdiagnosis and false negative.”
“A week,” Steve whispered unto his lips,” A week apart of all of this, just you and me and seeing where it can go. No dead line, no demands, just the sun and us.”
Tony let his head ago against Steve’s shoulder and Steve closed his arms around him, like he was shielding him against the world.
about how he had escaped the Ten Rings, had his heart taken out by his father figure, blow up terrorists, almost died so many times Rhodey is breaking in cold sweat just thinking about it.
Stark didn’t attack. He was dressed in civilian, but on his side, the suitcase screamed of the possibility of Iron Man entering the fray. Maria still took her hand of her weapon, because in Stark’s hands, there were one of those Starbuck thing used to carry more than one coffee easily, and two coffees. People preparing for murder rarely bring coffee, and she found best not to provoke him.
Maria Hill had the vague suspicion than Nick Fury feared the Soldier would need to be put down like a rabid dog, and that it would be best if Rogers never knew, in that case.
“Sir, yes, sir.” Clint answered, because Coulson had ordered, and Clint didn’t really need anything else.
“You’re selling it so well; man with a plan.”
Tony stopped him.
Tony stayed one week with them and that was the strangest week in a long time for Clint, including the occasional alien invasion.
He just hoped he could balance the scale a little, atone a little, before they lock him up as a freak and started to tear his brain apart.
Whatever the billionaire had injected him with, he really would have preferred Coulson didn’t remember.
The Hulk knew what living in hiding was.
“Nick Fury and yourself are officially having a row about the stranglehold of the World Council on Shield, and their desire to use the same sort of command on the Avengers.”
“What am I supposed to do with that?” Tony had asked, sullen.
“-almost the whole alphabet soup at home in fact-”
He couldn’t hide himself anymore. He couldn’t just…rake in knowledge to try to finally sate his brain. He needed to do something to help people, the same way he needed Iron Man to atone to his past blindness about SI and the shadowy deals of Obbie.
“Yeah, as I said, I built contacts in important agencies.”
Some groups protested Tony’s whole persona as the Merchant of Death which he had left behind years ago.
And when Coulson, way better if still pale and having lost weigh he couldn’t afford, asked for the position of the Avengers handler, Fury gave in, even if he wanted more to put him on a fly for a beautiful place for a much needed vacation. Warm water and coconut, which was what he had imagined for Phil, not playing mahouts for a bunch of superheroes.
“Please never talk about my genitals again.”
Some groups were also militating for Tony to work on problems of their choices, let it be rare illness or a whole areas of trouble. There was never enough time for all the troubles of humanity, and every day it seemed more like all of them were counting on him to solve every one of them.
Rhodey had always known Tony was smart, since the second day he knew him. He had also always known Tony was a dumbass, since the first day he knew him, but the story of how he stopped fourteen-years-old MIT drunk Tony to drown in his own vomit is a story Rhodey had sworn to take to his grave.
And no better proof that Shield, who let him go as he wants everywhere on Earth, when he was the Prince and fiercest warrior of an otherword powerful kingdom. Which proof had they, that he had really their best interest at heart?
I always thought stupid the way in comics scientists can find a solution to the problems of the day, whatever the branch! You would have to be some sort of genius outside of the human limits.
“I’m…I’m learning his language. Only, I was so busy with my ideas of escape that I never asked him the good questions. Never really asked about his family, never really asked about his language. Do you know there are two official languages in Afghanistan? I; for me, had no idea, because I arrived as in conquered territories, and never thought I would talk to someone else in the country than our military.”
When Fury arrived, Coulson was alone and unconscious; and he stayed unconscious for a whole week, during which Fury continued the charade of his death with the Avengers. He couldn’t exactly tell them the man had survived, if Coulson died from his wound the next day, he tried to justify to himself. And he was too busy feeling the first guilt he had felt in a long time, when he saw Barton and Romanov’s grief, to observe how shifty Stark looked every time Coulson’s sacrifice was mentioned.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you more before,” Coulson smiled, and Clint took that in his soul and kept it. He wasn’t cast out.
“The Chinese again, with their problems of soil pollution. They can seem to grasp that he can’t work only for them. And the French are a pain in the ass, again, with their preservation of history programs. But the good news are that nobody tried to hack us again in two whole month, a record.”
Someone had done his homework the best the old texts had let him.
“Oh. Oh yes, of course, we can do that.” And Pepper asked herself how easy it was to Tony to learn a language, if learning two or one was almost the same for him.
…oh, she wasn’t a violent person, but if she could put her hands on Howard Stark! She threw her arms around his neck.
“…. You should have bought something stronger than beer. And talked to someone before, if Hydra had sniffed your research…”
Rhodey closed the diagram.
One, Goose would be more the type to eat a stranger entering his territory than to play.
So, something was brewing in the highest levels of Shield, and he had been put aside from it. He had waited for that since he had woken up from his brainwashing, but that didn’t mean it didn’t hurt. It had been strongly suggested he took a few days, not at Shield, not at the Tower, and he had limped back to his wife. Natasha was on a mission, and not taking his call, that was normal, but what had hurt particularly was that Clint knew Coulson, his handler, the first person he had trusted after coming into Shield, the man who had been his best man at his wedding, wasn’t taking his calls either, and Clint knew the other agent was in New York.
That afternoon, Tony had waited for him on the balcony and he had opened the glass door to him: “Welcome to my home,” he said, and offered bread and salt, and fine liquors.
They weren’t sure they would come back one day.
“A prototype for mammograms,” the doctor answered absently, and Natasha’s brain suffered from a small reboot, because that was so, so foreign as a subject of research for Tony-Robotics-And-Stuff-Going-Boom Stark.
“A week of sun,” he prescribed, “on an island without anyone else. You can bring your tablet if you want.”
“Are you keeping me from my bed for a history lesson?”
“Or did you wanted to see Bruce? He’s in Madagascar again, there is some sort of ceremony there, to celebrate the end of leprosies on Earth, but he should be back next month, he just has a stop to make in India and-“
Since Natasha had been playing Nathalie Rushman, she had saw less orgies and crazy shenanigans that Tony Stark’s files at Shield and a simple search on Youtube let to believe. But she had been ready for them, so she wasn’t exactly surprised when Pepper had sent her to the workshop with her own codes one day, and she had found Tony and a half-naked woman.
“I’m learning the two. They’re two Iranian languages, how difficult can it be, once you know one? I’m starting with Pastho. I tossed a coin and Dari lost.”
“You should have what?”
A genius, but a normal one, not something so outside the usual parameters. So outside the human parameters.
He wasn’t looking at her, he wasn’t really present, lost in horrible memories where she couldn’t reach him.
“We didn’t, and you perfectly know it, don’t play dumb!” Tony had made himself cutting, and Thor turned to the smaller man, surprised.
And Tony blushed. Phil had more and more ideas to buddle him up in a duvet and to bake him his Dad’s famous strawberry trifle, something he usually reserved for hurt baby agents and his teenager nephews and nieces.
“I’m not sure how many languages you have to speak for that,” she said.
Thank you for all your kind words, you're awesome readers.
“You say that like it would be a bad thing.”
Tony had read every book in the house in that day, including the ones who had been Laura’s father, who had had the farm before them. Then, he had taken apart and put together again the tractor. The tractor that was now floating.
Tony’s face was comical, and from the ceiling, Jarvis interjected: “Now, perhaps sir understand better my poor circuitry reaction to your desire of testing?”, because he was definitely Tony Stark’ sarcastic brain child.
“Hm? I dabbled in medicine younger, Dr Janssens was one of my scientific correspondents, you could say.”
Like poking the Hulk.
“Don’t talk like that to the man about to save your balls.”
Some protested his sharing with other countries, thinking Tony’s brain should only be used to advance the god old USA, and leave behind the rest of the world. Those were more numerous that Steve would have liked, since he wrapped himself in the flag.
Phil let him see the label.
The level of oxygen in the martian atmosphere was still a little weak for humanity, it wasn’t supposed to raise to Earth’s level before a few years, so he took his time in his trip back to the Martian Avengers Compound, to not need to use more. Around him, genetically modified succulents were decorating the landscape of green. How Mars had changed in five years only! Now, the once barren planet was home to six hundred billions humans, slightly more than Venus, and more colons were arriving every day in the biodomes cities.
“I have a dead man switch. You and a few others people would have learned everything of my research if I didn’t reset it myself every thirty-six hours.”
“So, how did you choose? Which one learning?”
“I wish. Sit. Eat. Drink.”
“You’ll need strength to hear that. And the beer will take the edge of the horror.”
“About what?”
“I will bring back a delegation of Asgard’s scientists,” the prince said, and saw Tony fall back against the couch, strings cuts, taking careful breaths. Thor put a friendly hand on his shoulders.
“Mary-Manuela is a very fine woman-“
“No, but it’s bloody exorbitant. I’m using vibranium. They will want to commercialize it like that, because it would make a lot of money; but it will be reserved to people with deep pockets. I can’t go with it to the board, only with an affordable version, something we could commercialize all over the globe.”
“I always try to remember when someone save my life.”
Tony Stark spoke English, Spanish and French. It was in his official biography, on his Wikipedia page. Pepper knew it, had known for years which contracts and documents should be translated, and which shouldn’t, and she had heard him charm investors in those three languages, as fluent in the last two than he was in English, and sometimes charm people for more nefarious, one night stand reasons.
“Not right now, pirate of my heart, it will be for after. No, today, we’re about to talk about Hydra.”
No one was supposed to know, ever, not even Rhodey, not even Pepper, not even Obbie.
“Did you…did you ….are you trying to say you infiltrated yourself in most of the world’s intelligence agencies in the six months since the battle of New York?”
“Pepper!” Tony had said from the doorstep, and there was almost a reproach in his voice.
“Well, I’m totally ready to be listen to poetry in other languages. I swear I will be properly seduced,” she had said to defuse the tension she could see in his eyes and in the corner of his mouth and he had laughed, as she hoped he would.
“I think he’s bored,” Laura said to him, the first night, once they were in bed.
Or like using yourself as guinea pig and becoming the Hulk.
After one week, Coulson came back, chauffeured, because he had a broken arm. He told Clint, Tony and Laura, about the fall of Hydra, and as Tony was loading his rolls of tablecloth research into the car, Coulson asked Clint:
“You’re too smart for that,” Tony said, then clicked his fingers and the ceiling obediently started to project plans onto the bed, in that blue 3D crystal clear images Rhodey really hoped Tony would commercialise one day.
Stark shifted, shrugged, clearly uncomfortable and Coulson? Coulson had been trained all those years to read people and it was quite a shock to understand how much he had misread Stark all along. He played the wounded card to make the other man more comfortable
Tony had already taken apart the coffee maker and the radio, and was building something from the two of them.
“Don’t let them know how smart you are. You can let them see you’re smarter than them. You can even choose a speciality, and be a genius in it. But only one.”
At the end, they didn’t do business with the Vietnamese company, and even received official thanks from the Vietnamese government for their help in discovering a vast conspiracy. Obadiah had it framed in his office. Years later, Pepper would understand he had been more happy to avoid SI in the eyes of the justice, which would have brought to lights his own horrors and traffics, than proud to have help making that part of Asia a little safer.
“Flew the pizzas from Napoli, and the beer from Belgium.”
“Data on the pod. A protocol to wake him up. And another to break the programming, and bring back everything Hydra deleted from his brain. Can’t affirm he will like what he remembers, however. The stuff from his file is nightmarish.”
“STARK!!!!”
Tony’s face went epic.
“I want more for my people than a chance of surviving because an Asgardian prince like us, no offense. What if you’re called back? What if…” He stopped again.
“What’s that?”
“More than eleven? How much do
“Tomorrow, Tony. The world will need saving tomorrow and I will help you.”
Well…sometimes, Bruce delivered, and there were, really, way too much idiots with access to Gama radiations. Did his own example teach them nothing? Did they thought green was their colour? Every other time, Tony delivered, with Bruce’ along on a crazy science ride. Neurobiology, molecular biology, mathematical modelling, biotechnology, astrobiology, applied mechanics, thermonuclear physic, cryptography, software engineering…those were a few of the domains Tony used at the drop of a hat, always proving himself a specialist only a few people in the worlds could have followed.
No answers.
“Nanites or chemical?” Phil asked, because he had heard for days the SHIELD scientists yell at each other about it.
“Eh Nick,” Stark said, not even turning in direction of Nick and the gun in his hand, “I bought pizzas and beer. Want dinner?” On the other side of the room, Nick could see the armour in sentry mode. He was pretty sure that thing wasn’t quick enough to stop a bullet, since Stark was outside of it. He was also sure Jarvis would flatten him like a fly on the wall if he killed his creator, and for a moment the risk seemed worth it, because it was late, Nick was exhausted, and he had spent the day trying to convince the Chinese Minister of National Defence to use his brain more than his patriotic pride, and totally without success, and now Tony Stark was in his home, which mean he would have to move out, something security already made him to do twice a year.
“You probably don’t want to know.”
Fury didn’t ask questions, because the entire SHIELD was already salivating at the idea of something designed by Tony Stark. They would have preferred weapons but it was already more than the entire Senate had succeed to obtain of him in years.
“Not too sad to have been away for the Hydra fight?”
“Nick, I’m the hilarious one in this relationship, let’s stay on track, ok? Ok…..”
“That bad?”
“No exterior communication,” Clint said, and Tony made a face.
He stopped, took a big breath.
If she had been really who she was pretending, she would have immediately turned around and flee with a few excuses. It was almost her reaction, to make sure her persona was coherent.
“More for a horror story. You see, just before the battle of New York, Jarvis entered your system.”
He revolutionized robotics and weapons, and kept to himself occasional forays into other domains.
“What was it?”
He was also too busy stopping his scientists to dissect Coulson instead of saving him. The agent should have bleed out long before the medics’ arrival, but there was a strange, totally unknown substance in his blood, which had stopped that from happening. The SHIELD scientists had tried to extract it from Coulson, without success. If the sensors of SHIELD’s medical hadn’t been a secret gift from Carol Danvers to Fury, centuries ahead of what was found on Earth, the substance wouldn’t even had been found. Whatever it was, it had repaired torn blood vessels, insinuated itself in the liver and took over for a week, as said liver was repairing itself way too quicker.
And that peculiar afternoon, she totally omitted in her reports.
“Eh!”
Four years later, as they were visiting the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange, in a tour organized by a Vietnamese company they were ready to do business with, Tony had taken her, their head of the negotiation and Obadiah apart.
A moment of silence and then, he said: “There was…there was another prisoner with me. Yinsen. He saved my life. And he died, for me to live.”
“You love that place.”
“Afghanistan will never know peace as long as almost twenty per cent of the economy is narcoeconomy. But there is a big Afghan diaspora, full of talent and skill, only waiting for a sign of durable peace, a sign of a chance, to go home. The military…” Tony shrugged. He had been at the same time quite discontent with the US military since going back, and at the same time inconsolable about the soldiers who died trying to stop the Ten Rings to take him. Their families will never know poverty, not in ten generations. Not that it could replace a son, a daughter, a brother.
“Outch.”
“No. I understand why you did. Humanity needs Tony to live. He will change the world. Also, don’t let him tinker with Lola, unless you want it flying.”
“I have been an idiot,” Steve said, “I should have fondued you in the first week of our acquaintance.”
She still wasn’t surprised one morning to find him watching the pod. She had no idea how he found them, how he broke into the house. Her hand fond her weapon, but she hesitates. Nobody told her how far she was supposed to go to protect Barnes. Maria breathes Shield, and Stark is an advantage for Shield, even if he refuses to build them weapons. Shield’s lives have been saved countless times by his inventions.
He found Tony in the hangar, of course, going on last minutes minutia details with Rhodey, who was in charge of the Mars Avengers Compound. The ship in the centre of the enormous room was red and gold, of course, it was after all Tony’s brainchild, and nobody had had the heart to refuse him that. Especially since, at a time, it had seemed Tony wouldn’t go, Earth refusing to lose the golden egg. All Thor’s diplomatic weight as the newly crowned King of Asgard had been necessary.
“Something happened in one of the factories. Don’t know what, but I heard two of them when I went to the bathrooms. They want to pin it on SI.”
And then the real her, the Black Widow, pushed Nathalie apart and saw the irregularities in the scenario she already had imagined. The woman was at least thirty years older than Stark’s usual one-night-stand. The one-night-stands never had access to the workshop. Stark was wearing some dubiously clean jeans and a black sweater and the music was AC DC, not exactly a romantic playlist. The billionaire also was looking at her interruption with sharp eyes, stone sober, and there was anger in the curve of his lips, even if it was difficult to read with the small screwdriver in his mouth.
Rhodey always knew Tony was smart, and he always knew Tony was interested in more than robotics despite his official bio, but post-Afghanistan, he realized a few things.
After Afghanistan, after Obadiah, she would think again of those two occasions, those two clues. Iron Man had entered the scene in quite a spectacular manner less than a week ago, and she had come back to Tony’s house one day to find him listening to a radio program in a language she didn’t understand and couldn’t identify. Later, she would understand she hadn’t surprised him. He had let her find him, because he was feeling lonely after Obadiah’s betrayal. The older of his friend, a man who had been more a father for him than Howard. He was feeling lonely and he had let her see something of him he would have hidden before, as a way to reach out, because he didn’t know how to do it in a normal way.
the reach it gives me.”
He had also known Tony’s interests were more global than he pretended: during their second year at MIT, him and Tony had bunked together and it was before e-reader: there had been a constant rotation of books in their flat, on subjects going from history all across the world to sociology, biology, geology, anthropology, law…if it was something you could find in a library, Tony had at least once brought it back to their rooms.
“If I thought you wouldn’t open them in ten seconds, I would even break out the handcuffs,” Rhodey joked.
“I was never there,” Tony said and Coulson would have asked what he meant, but he was losing the fight against passing out.
The sun slowly rising above the horizon of Mars was a beautiful vision and Steve appreciated it in peace, with the little point of sadness knowing he would probably never see it again. He had seen so much beauty in his life, and he would see more, but there was always a little something poignant at the idea of a last time.
Natasha took down the rest of her buttons.
“Hydra is alive and has infiltrated the Shield for years. The tumour has been growing slowly but surely. They are in most agencies too, ready to take control.”
“I don’t doubt it, but I’m there for
“Worse. Even
“Can’t a man have some last words?”
In one of Shield-don’t-exist-officially-safe-house in New York, Maria guarded the pod. No outside communication. No electronics, not even a glimpse of it. No paper trails in Shield computers. Not a trace, Nick Fury and Coulson were quite adamant on it. And to Maria, they gave the truth, to her and her only of the Shield superior officers, because a secret is better kept when the numbers of person on it is reduced.
“I will always help you.”
Tony then took an afternoon of with Laura, to learn gardening, even if Laura insisted that wasn’t something that could be learned in a few hours, that nature didn’t work like that. At dinner, between scribbling a future experiment to solve the origin of the alpha effect, something Clint vaguely understood had a rapport with chemistry but couldn’t be put in use before Tony had access to a lab to implement it, and something about protein folding, Tony babbled about his plans for the Maria Stark foundation to preserve heirloom varieties.
“Oh. So, what program is causing problems? If this about creating a new one, it’s more Pepper’s turf, but of cause I can help-“
After a moment of silence, where he seemed to hesitate, he also gave her two of those devices he used to bring documents to Shield when he did them the curtesy of pretending Jarvis wasn’t in their system and couldn’t simply put anything he wanted in it. It was supposed to be USB devices, but Maria had used them before, and thought they were to USB devices what an Airbus was to Icaru’s wings.
(See the end of the chapter for
That was the first time she understood Tony was more than robotics and stuff going boom. And during their stint at a couple, he had once come to bed with his StarkReader and told her to take a look at his books. A lot of titles were in languages she couldn’t understand.
No trace, because on the Soldier’s hands was dripping the blood of Maria and Howard Stark, and Iron Man was a Shield’s asset. The rest of it, that nobody knew what should be done if Iron Man, who saved all of New York’s population, killed a man in cold blood and revenge, and that they didn’t know if they would succeed in stopping him, and fond best to simply remove the temptation, in not telling him, they didn’t say, but Maria was smart enough to understand.
She needed to destabilize him to be sure he would answer her next question; so she started to open her white blouse.
“-and the more we dug, the more we had paths to follow, the more we dug. We did a little hacking in other countries –“
No one knew.
“Thank you, Sir,” the armour said.
“What? Tony, do you have any idea how long it is to learn a language? I will inquire and come back to you. Someone must know which language was your friend mother tongue.”
“-no let me finish. I’ve seen you with Shield. You know a ton about toning it down for the mass. But you never asked yourself how much you could accomplish if you didn’t hide? Well, me I’m done hiding. But I won’t be enough. I can make things better on Earth, I can…I have already in the plans a mission to Mars, because if our population continue growing, even with healing Earth, terraforming other worlds will become a necessity, I have started working on a protocol, I was thinking Mars then Venus, and I can invent as many ships as I want, I was thinking intergalactic ships, generational ones, I can never work fast enough. No matters how much coffee I drink, I have to sleep sometimes. Never. I have money, and brain, but it won’t be enough, and even if Pepper is good with blackmailing money from rich assohles, and even if I have more contact in the science community than people know, it won’t be enough. The Titan is coming, and I don’t think I will be ready, and I’m here, reinventing the wheel that your people have used for centuries!!!!!”
“A small pinch,” the doctor answered, “much less than the classical mammography. Small enough that it won’t be a motive of not-attending a re-screening.”
“What’s the problem in this fine morning?” Tony asked once he was seated. He had put on a smile, in a way Steve remembered the USO doing when they were exhausting and a politician was too close.
Once…no, twice, they were clues, but Pepper hadn’t interpreted them correctly. Once, at the beginning, she had arrived at Tony’s house earlier than usual, hoping to corner him into paperwork before he locked himself in the workshop for the day. On the kitchen table, there had been a paper book. In Tony’s house. Ἑπτὰ ἐπὶ Θήβας, proclaimed the cover and as Pepper opened it, the text was as obscure to her as the title.
